===== 0002601_19080613_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
API IST CREECH, 6OL BORN E STREET

TRIPS TO PARIS, Fent,land, Switzerland, &c., JL personolly conducted by Flu's( Ulm" 163 K, Lee st., Oldham. Stamp.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 29th day of June, 1908, ---..„.._ at half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the r , s,--- - Grand Jury will be empannelled. —'-',CASHIRE MIDSUMMER QUARTER , The bearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty ; Sessional DiViSIODS of Broxton, Chester Castle, Dares- ,,l\T°l SESSIONS. , ' ICE is HEREBY GIVEN that the GENERAL I bury, Eddisbury Nantwich, Runcorn, Winsford, and ~,NUARTER Wirral, forming- the Chester District, and the trials of prisoners soners committed from the last-mentioned d'Ollft.7t I,°f SESSIONS of THE PEACE for the all Lancaster will be holden at the ASSIZE ~43, of .171 MANCHESTER, ON MONDAY. the 29th Divisions, will take 'll place at such Sessions. The Grand e and Petty Juries for the Chester District must. be in v4l;cl bv :-',NE instant at 10.30 o'clock in the forenoon ; attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the Opening of ''z.: " adjournment at the following places and times, the Court on MONDAY, the 29th day of June, 1908, at II Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. COURT HOUSE, IN PRESTON on THE COURT will be adjourned to the COURT • ckbAY the lsr DAY OF JULY next, at ten ' HOUSE, KNUTS FORD, on WEDNESDAY, the Ist to,T e_the forenoon, day of July, 1908, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. fr,6 G 11; gr,6 CASTLE of LANCASTER on MONDAY I The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty 'ono •-•AT of JULY next at eleven o'clock in the At tt°n• Sessional Divisions of Altrincbam, Bucklow, Dukin- I field, Middlewich, Sandbach, Congleton, Northwich, °II, TLI. eve" nty SESSIONS HOUSE, in LIVERPOOL, Proistbury and Stockport, forming the Knutsford Dis- cveto -I,ta3' the 14th day of July next, at half-past ton , trict, and the trials of all prisoners committed from 'llleckBin.the forenoon. such Divisions, will take place at such Adjourned Otioasetheitors engaged in Prosecutions at the said Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knots- e requested to take notice that all peposi- ford District must be in attendance at the Court le zett # instructions for indictments are required to House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Conrt on list °_the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven days at WEDNESDAY, the Ist day of July next, at Eleven the said sessions respectively. o'clock in the Forenoon. k▪ ete,,it HARCOURT E. CLARE, REGINALD POTTS, Pre„? C the Peace's Office, Clerk of the Peace. ) Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. °Lc); 11th June, 1908. i Chester, 9th June, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No Ib3l

===== 0002601_19080613_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

IWIONALTELEPHONEN°2924 nTh , 02.). ....., .4,,,... ,5.1,/ ,4 4 , t• ,-, 4i cr " ." ,',.. .. . • ,w 0 ItLD RE AI OWN E D kiet.L. k. nm E . ,-e,,;(1,--__,l kke, A ' Forr4:,-, BOWLING GREENS. 1:1:1"..%•:-... ....' 42SACKVIIIL STREEt" - tAANGNEaTE,,,,,I2...

===== 0002601_19080613_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SIUTURELI.YS JUNE 13, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
By PosT }is. 7ad. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. pe annum. Is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MBER LES

-

_ AND WfLL,LATTEND TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Brancheerat: NORTHWICH andOVINSIORD. TEETH (See Local Papers)

REBUILDING. TO YOUNG COUPLES AND OTHERS REQUIRING FURNITURE. With a view Of Clearing our Stock to save removal, we have decided to OFFER THE WHOLE OF ll' AT SPECIALLY EXTRA REDUCED PR/CES. Z. HUNTER & CO. have a repntation second to none for really Reliable FURNITURE at a moderate coat. Come and see for yourselves how you can save money. No Reasonable Offer Refused. _T DUNTEIZ & Co. LI • 14, 18. 18, ST. AIARY'S PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK RD., WASIIISGTON (Tel,*lvme 17) BR' fl' AGENT ANO BOTTLER OF Guinnees's stout, Bs' s Pale Ale, 13492'd No. 1 Strong Ale, Worthington's and Allaopp's Ales. Deyonsl,lre and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and ?flack's Hop Hitters. AllsOpp's and Jeffr,les UOE3 BEER Id BOTTLZ. A L9O tif SUFAOTLIPXH9 OF BIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS'.

OFFICE FOR PATENTS

4, ST. ANY 3 SQUIB 3, M.I.ETCHESTES.

GEO. DAVIII6 k SON, CIIARTERRO PATENT AGENTS. lOTA BLIQHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. ParcE 80. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. Patca: It

ESTABLISHED 1833.

M 8 THOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 53 MARKET STREET, EARLBSTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PREVENTS.

DAM, AIKLBA, CAdUSO, KDBELIK, LAUDER 1 ETC., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. MI you require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. EVERY RIPL'ORD and every type of GRAMOPHONE, ZONOPHONE,and THOMAS EDISON MACHINE in stock r.t JAKE GRAHAM'S, 74A AND r 13ENSFIAW ST., AND 271, PARK RD., I ivinipooL. Tel, 56X and 431 X Royal. SEND FOR LISTS POST FREE.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Bionep

Itronsissory notes, debts bought; any district ; 1 • Oath clown ; full value.—SMITH, BALLET .4 CO., LTD.. 38, Chureh st.. Liverpolsl.

r OANS £lO to EI,ODO advanced to responsible persons, on .LJ Note of Hand, Distance no object.—HurLaNn, 7, Douglas rd., Herne Bay.

/TONY UNDBIL WILLS or DBBU.—Peraons entitled JL to Cash or Property at death of others or to Life Incomes ran Borrow at Bank Hate, or Sell. A ivice tree.— Messrs. MoVirrrk, 34, Moorfielda. Liverpool.

ADVBETISHU WILL GIVB any private person £lO for the immediate loin of £45 for one month and will depo-it good valuable security worth double to en,ure punctual return of £ss.—Adit es; 8.11., "Examiner" office, Warricgton.

EXPECTATIONS UN DE It WILLS, DEEDS MARLHABEI SETTLEMENTe, LIF 3 INTEREST, Act. Perron. ENTITLED Call have an ADVANCE Tr) ANY AMOUNT from 4 per cent. per annum, speedily negotiated. If preferred Loan and Interest can be REPAYABLE when LBOACIES are paid. No preliminary charger. E. ED 24, VENICE CHAMBERS, 61, LORD ST., LIVERPOOL. AT MANCHESTER DAILY.

PLEASE NOTE ADDRE3S- 2, THYSNH STRHST. WARRINGTON. OASII 'ADVANCED PRIVATFAX on day of application at a lower rate of interest and repayment than any other :Ain In town, and at the following :slay repayments : D 3 Loan ls. 6d. Weekly LO9ll Era. 04. it'eekly DO 1 oan... ...... 35.04. Week: yI RA Loan 13s. 64. Weekly THIS 14'ORDZIJINS Larger sums in same proportion. Other terms can be mutually arranged. SpeliAl terms to farmers and ship- ' keeperr. Distance no o'qout. Apply In COtliiience per,onally, or by letter, to the actual Lender. J. LORD, 2, THYNNS STitSiir, oft Parker street (near Bank Quay Station), WASSINTOT,KaI.

IO FRHS NO FINAS !! NO PUBLIC:IT): !! I D 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANORD DAILY, lit STRICTIIST PRIVACY to all respectable Householders, Tradespeople, Farmers, ar:d ail persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, on simple promissory note only," at reasonable Interest and easy repayments to suit all clasbee. Distance no otject. Call or write In cmfidence t 3 THUCiIRSFII ADVANOB CO., 25 Cairo at., Sankey at.. Warrington ; also at In, Greenwood at., Altrincham. Head Office: 329, Waterloo rd., 313nchnter. All applications and letters oromptly attended to.

AfONEY LENT ON THESE TERMS wiritour 1.,A WHETTER. LOAN £2 REPAY £2 50 I LOAN £lO REPAY £ll 5 0 LOAN £3 REPAY £3 76 I LOAN £2O REPAY £2.2 10 0 LOAN £5 REPAY £5 12 6 I LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15 W. JACKSON, 36 CROSFISLD STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080613_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

_ Write in oonfilenee to— MR. T. POLLITT. 30, OLDHAM ROAD, MANCHRSTBR.

'.RST

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. iiDVAIWES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADEI- MBH, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect• Cie HouseicAders, on their own security, witho nt delay, on our simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. IC COWEN. VICTORIA otrammuis, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN H. 00011 WIN. B.R.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money Any Evening at the;r own Homes.

pin to £5,000 ADVANCED by PRIVATJJ Z: LENDER ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY' NOTES. No Ellis of Sale taken, and absolute privacy guaranteed. First letter of application receives prompt attention, and intending borrowers are waited upou by a representative who is empowered to complete tracsaction on terms mutu- ally arranged, NO CHARCII4 BEING MADE UNLESS BUSINESS ACTUALLY CO MPLEIED.It Special quotations for Short Loan,.

L'3 To AN Y PERSON married or Jingle WORTHY OF CREDIT _ Z. 1,000 can have money on note of hand only ONeiRRMS at this well-known established Offise. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING sret a loan without the usual loan office COMI'/111710N. routine and without let,. Our Motto Is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Lone can be paid as follows or otherwise. £3 loan ls. weekly £lO loan 2s. 63. weekly . £5 „ Is. fid. „ £2O „ 51. £7 ~ 21. £5O , 12s. 63. „ The above term. are altered by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and Increased. Call or write MAURICE & Co.. Mrsa C. COTTERILL (51awacsaaess), 31, CAIRO STRIIRT, WARRINGTON, N.B.—PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

Ca,,w TO .£ 5, 0 0 LENT DA/LY 0f..../e/ LOWEST INTERI...._ IN ENGLAND. £5 loan, Eepay Zs. weekly. £7.5 loan, Reply 10{. w-ekly £lO „ „ 41e. ~ £33 „ „ £l5 „ ~ 6..., £5.1 „ „ 21e. £2O „ „ Is. „ £lOO „ „ 355• „ No Euratiel, no Behr, no Publicity. 8 3ecuil atentiou L.: appll c a n t s from this distri!t.

METROPOLITAN LOAN & DiscouNr CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST. OXFORD RD., V ond at 87, VICTORIA RD, NORTH WICK, 65 sIiOLRSTON RD. (porno!. Of Comm St.), ()awls, 8, TRIINTRAti ST., RUNCORN.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS. , 2, BING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWHATE4 STREET, CFI ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sams of from £lO to ELOCO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE DANTIRS wisbing for temporary CASH ADVANOES should note the adrantaces offered. vie.— TUB OF THE PROMISSORY ROTH TO HU SIGNED THE LoW RATE OP INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THIS BORROW RR. NO BILLS OF SALE ARA TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent eases a Representative a PI call pert onally upcn applicants and complete the transactions at the' r own bomb or places of business. I My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known. ; and my reputation stands unrivalled,

2

PHOTOGRAPHIC APPARATUS AND i Claudeetine Love Afiairs.—Both" Vienna and Berlin MATERIALS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. are agitated just now over the matrimonial escapades of distinguished people. It is seldom that Viennese LARGBST STOOK IN TOWN. society goes for long without some royal scandal or HAROLD SMITH, mesalliarce, and the latest is the elopement of the PHOTOGIttyPti IC CHUM:ST, Princess Amelie of Fuerstenberg with her chauffeur. The Princess who is only twenty-four years of age is 77, 851D03 ST., WARIIINGITON. a gifted painter and singer, and was one of the reiguiug -- beauties of Vienna. The shock to Berlin society comes from the discovery that the eldest daughter of the late Count William Bismarck, as betrothed herself to the family tutor at Schonhausen, the birthplace of the ___— great Chancellor. The tutor, 'unfortunately, is not of noble birth, but the lady can point to the fact that her By Veronica. : grandfather—the late Prince Bismarck—was not —-- -- altogether of noble descent. His mother was the PHOTOGRAPHY AND GARDENING. daughter of middle-class parents, but it was from her One of the great agricultural colleges in the United that the Iron Chancellor inherited most of his great States bra just made is precedent by arranging an abilities. exhibition of photographic pictures of landscape Heraldry.—Among other dignities to which the infant gardening. Nearly ICO prints from half-a-dozen son of the Duke of Norfolk is heir to, is the office. of photographers provided a great variety of subjects,and Hereditary Earl Marehall of England. It is only on proved of very great interest to the agricultural rare occasions, such as a Coronation or a State funeral, students, enabling them to see the results of different that the Earl Marshal comes prominently before the methods of planting. and of the arranging of trees, public, but he has rermerent official duties, as head of ebruas, flowers, and grass, in a way that they could not the Heralds College. In former times the Heralds made have done without very extensive travel. ; the arrangements for all state ceremonies, processions, PHOTOGRAPHY FOR SEEDSMEN. tournaments, trials by combat, etc., but nowadays the pal functions of the Heralds College are con- menexten-t that is probably not Even in this country photoerephy is used by seeds- principal cerned with seals, pedigrees, coats-of-arms and flags. and florists to an Sc heraldry is presided over by the Lord Lyon, also a fact that it is not nearly so largely realised by many photographers, although I think it is Scottish used by King of Arms, and Ireland also has its separate estab- seedsrcen as it might be with advantaee. For inns- lishtuent presided over by Ulster King-of-Arms. Any- trating their catalogues end circulars, and for ,sending one may apply to the Heraldic Courts for a title to bear arms, but epplicants must be prepared to give a early prints of new or rare varieties to special customers ireaed is of course, unrivalled. In good deal of information concerning their family the photographic • • , history. some cases, where it was taken up with a good deal of School Terms and the Holiday Season.—ln America enthusiasm is number cf years ago, it has been almost schools are closed the first reek in June, and it would If not completely dropped again, and I think that the b reason of thisbas been simply that insufficient attention be a boon to the great majority of parents if the school was given to colour rendering. What was needed to terms were re-arranged in this country. The Christmas make the work entirely successful was intelligent use and Easter holidays might be shortened,and the schohis of colour-corrected plates and light filters. closed, say, throughout June and July. Parents would I then be able to go on their summer holidays earlier in A USEFUL BARGAIN.' ' the season, instead of being compelled to take them in I know one case of a very large firm of seed growers the crowded and expensive month of August. That who have had all their photographing done (and would doubtless still remain the favourite month for exceedingly well dune) for the bare cost of the the slimmer vacation but the closing of the schools in materials-, for re any. years past. One of their gardeners June end July would' have the effect of spreading out was an enthusiastic amateur, but his wages were not the holiday season over a longer period, which would sufficient to allow him to buy more than a small cheep ; be an advantage and convenience to all. Children, toe, camera. Even with this, he did such good work ni . would benefit by being released' trom sweltering class- photographing some of the flowers and plants amongst rooms in the mid-summer months, and it is a well- which he worked, that his employers decided to provide ascertained feet that they do very little good in learn. him with a large camera of the best post ible build, and jig in hot and drowsy weather. with ample supply of lenses, light-filters, &c., on con- ; The Great Anglican Church Congress.—The Pan- dition that he photographed their subjects whenever Anglican Congress opens on Juno 15th, with a service they needed them. The man is too enthusiastic a in Westminster Abbey, and in all about 120 meetings gardener to neglect that part of his wore' with the will be held In the Albert Hall, Church House, Qheet's result that be does almost all his photographing in his Hell, and other places in the Metropolitan City. It own spare time. Thus he gets the enjoyment of n most : win be a great historical gathering, attended not only fascinating hobby, free of cost, and on a scale tth , a he , by the great matority of the Bishops and high dignitaries I could not possibly afford, while his firm has the advan- •of the Anglican Church at home and abroad, but also by 1 tage of getting its subjects photographed, not only .very some thousands of lay members drawn from all parts of ' cheaply, but aleo much tetter than any local profe-sienel the world, probably more than half of whom are women. ' could do them, whatever price they paid him. It will, in fact,be a gathering of the whole Church, and AMATEURS VERSUS PROFESSIONALS. will held to make London more crowded than ever The state of affairs outlined in the above paragraph during the next two or three weeks. There are few is the sort of thing which leads a number of photo- families who have not some relatives or personal friends . graphers to complain that their work is being cut out among the members of the Congress and a great many 1 by the amateur, but this is scarcely a correct statement t London hostesses are arranging erdertainments on behalf ,1 ! of the matter, because there is not at r afessional within of the visitors. Lady Salisbury end tire Countess of fifty miles of the garden in question who is capable , Ellesmere will hold special receptions and there will of doing nearly as good work as is done by the be two Royal garden parties, one given by the King and ' " amateur " who has made it a speciality, and if this , Queen at Windsor, and another by the Prince and , same amateur had never gone into the matter, it is . princess of Wales at Marlborough House. The latter probable that for many years to come his firm would : will take place on June 24, following the great thanks' have gone on in the old way, without realising the l giving service at St. Pees Cathedral on that day,which value of photography in their business. I is to conclude the official programme of the Congress. ' PINHOLES IN NEGATIVES. 1 When Jewels Become Common.— What will Royalty , About this time of the year one usually sees paragraphs, and the great and wealthy do for personal ornaments I warning amateurs to dust their plates very carefully,: when artificial gems are made by machinery, almost for and I even met such a paragraph a little while ago, , nothing? A State ball or a gala night at the opera . stating that all plates should be dusted after taking i would be nothing without the wonderful display of them out of the dust slides, end before putting them i sparking gems, but what will happen when all these 1 into the developer. Anyone who is so careless es to have , treasured jewels—the priceless heirlooms of generations I dusty plates in his d rk-slides has delayed his precrte- come to be regarded as little better than so much glnss? tiers too long, for the dust specks will have prevented i Such ideas are suggested by the making of artificial the light reaching the plate, and will all develop as tiny ; gems, of which we have heard so much of late. There , transparent spots on the film, which, of course, will have always been great doubts as to the possible ! appear as black spots and streaks on the print. I am l success of any such operations, but they appear to be inclined to think that most of the precautions about : brought nearer to attainment by the definite statement ' dusting lead to worse troubles than they prevent, for 1 that a German professor is already making artificial plates when taken from the package of any good maker , gems of a size, colour, lustre, and purity, indistinguish- are cleaner and more thoroughly dust-free then they i able from the best and most costly kind won from the are likely to be at any subseeueat part of their history. ; earth. If that is really so, the factory girl will be able Therefore, if the, photographer will merely take the .to have her tiara the same am a duchess, but the ruin trouble to keep his camera end dark-slides and his such a state of things would bring upon jewellers and changing-room free from flying particles, be will get I, pawnbrokers would be a very serious matter, as would the best results as regards dust by not dusting his i also the loss brought upon thousands and hundreds of plates at all. Further, if he is so careless as to have 1 thousands of individuals, belonging to the middle class, dust in such positions that it will get on to his plates 1 who have been accustomed to regard their jewel box as during the changing or exposing it is extremely prob- so much money saved. I able that his dusting brush will 'be in such condition as New Dress Stands.—The directoire mode has certainly to deposit on the plate more specks than it removes. , met with the approval of the stand-makers, whose SPOTTING PIN-HOLES. 1 services have had to be requisitioned before the narrow , robes could be exhibited. The woman who ra When one has been so unfortunate as to get teens- i would be in fashion's van, simply buys new corsets, and parent Spots either through dust or through air-bells, it is best to till them up with tiny quantities of water- I 1 dispenses with her petticoats, but the dress stands could colour, worked up very stilly in a gum medium, and , not be made to do anyhow, and so there was a rush for ones, II state of affairs greatly appreciated by the applied by means of the point of a very i new, line brush. It is well not to attempt to fill the i makers. . . Dress favour the _Races.-7 White gowns .and wraps were in speck completely, but to have the brush twirled !.. i high at Epsom last week,especially on Derby day to a fine point, and to just put a spot of colour tremends. And there appeared to are pretty certain to get some of the colour on to t in the middle of the hole. If you fill it completely you I when the beat was ou he lire quite an epidemic of washing gowns, costly creations for the most part, but built of fabrics and trimmings sides of the hole, and thus make the results worse in' calculated to stand cleaning—or the tub. Another the print. ___. feature was the affection shown by women in white gowns, for mole-grey hats and scarves, a charming , combination, and a very becoming and cool-looking one. White gloves were in evidence again, but mole-grey and the old-world lavender shades led. About Sunshades and En-tont-cese—Sunshades taken as a whole are more ornamental than useful, especially the transparent varieties which can do very little for us in the way of warding off the sun's rays. For real Comfort'a dark green silk sunshade lined with dark green chiffon is perhaps best, but this of course is not smart enough for the generality of women. White, cream, mole-colour, and bright red are the popular choice, bright red en-tout-ens being widely chosen for river, *eatable and country wear. No doubt the bright red sunshade, or tout-en-cas, is particularly effective, but alas, the glare from it is often worse than that of the sun itself. ! Shantung Silk.—Wben purchasing this particular ' fabric, it is well to make sure it is the real thing, which hails from Northern China, and not the imitation variety that comes from Francs. The former wears very much better than the latter, which is being sent over in such vast quantities and exhibited in our shop windows and shoxroome. 'Yet another step downwards is Shantung: ette, a cheap imitation of the French imitation, and one we should do well to pass by. MADGE.

1/- NET.

1/3. FOST FREE.

NIC iIT PIIO TOGRAPHY.

CROWN Tro.

BY 11010.11 T DYKF.S.

THIS POPULAR SUBJECT HAS RECLNTLY COME VERY NIUCII TO THE FRONT, AND THE TIME OF YEAR (SUMMER NIGHTS) IS HERE, WHEN ir IS mOsT OFTEN PRACTISED.

DAWBARN & WARD, LTD., 6, FARRING DON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C. (Tim OFFICE OF THE PHOTOGRAPHIC MONTHLY.)

AN IDEAL HOLIDAY IN CANADA. Under tho title of the " Royal Visit to Canada," the Allan Line have just issued a handy guide to the visit of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to Quebec in July. The brochure, after giving a concise account the story of Quebec refers in detail to the Quebec tercentenary celebrations and includes the oflicial programme. Space is also given to an account of the turbine floating palaces and the other stearGera of the Allan Line, together with a time table of sailings to and from Canada, cod particulars, with fares, cf delightful iuland tours. It may be noted that the round trip by a turbine steamer occupies three weeks, allowing about siN days ashore, and may be commended as an ideal holiday,

REMEMBERING that the function of tL skin is to act as the great purifying agent 3f the human system, you should at once realise the necessity of maintaining that function in perfect workil order by submitting it to regular anointings with Zam-Buk. Some skins show a natural tendency to fall into diseased conditition, but the commoner complaints at this season are undoubtedl caused by the pores (the usual channels for getting rid of the bcd

. . . - impurities) being choked up. Consequently, a great amount of badness gets harboured in the tissues, and finds vent in nasty pimples, blotches, irritating rashes, boils, and sores. .

These disfigurements can all be avoided, and it is the height of folly to wait for skin disease to develop before heeding the heralds of its approach and the skin's demand for Zam-Buk's aid and protection. To apply coarse ointments and. toilet cosmetics to the skin is like carrying coals to Newcastle," for instead of cleansing the pores, the coarse, fatty, and chemical ingredients, of which ordinary ointments are largely composed, cnly tend to still further choke_ the pores up, thus aggravating skin disease.

The important recommendation of Zam-Buk is that it is of vegetable origin' and is so lure and so wonderfully refined and blended that the rare balm is naturally absorbed through the tiny pores, and extends its healing and purifying influence to the hidden tissues where disease frequently had its source.

Here you have an opportunity to test FREE the uniqul value of Zam-Buk for your particular skin trouble. Send this coupon and a r‘,.nny stamp to -k. Leeds, ai .n of post reLnlsu a triAl et box.

„=

Warrington Examiner June 13th, i9c3.

I`.;

THE mcDouGALL's pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR BESTEPSA . WOMEN'S CHAT.

:::-,.•:,::::.4:7.7.':::.:'5.',::::....,:......,,i.0.::7- :::::::::. ' .:1):,.:-...:. ;:.i..\ - . • ••i-,. • • .. :: • " .:: ..:.::::.:. .. ~0:11' -.......'...Wat. - ' :., r.::'-'....• • ' '''" . : ;• • :. 1 filiii:::..::;:.oi, ~: 13 iii..:;..............:;t:'::.:.*:. , ):.,.:*:',;;Petl*:•••• •'.'.. • *%,-?...;:.,'.4.,.:;;:1/4•:.:.' ',.-*•••-•;?..f.Z,‘;g1:::ki:•,::Y:':.7!"3.';',.:.:.:•:::(..f:. -..:.-14gA;;:k1.?..'4'.• •-: '.,z,:„ ..t. e••.v,'.....:.;:k-:•' ...:.:io * • Ilkifigit • .1, lerjy, ••• c. - .i.,...,.... ~ -,i,i, • .: ~, Piii- -l• 4,4,"' .'"'''',474.,•'1:)...'-';',Y S ::',4 ;4`.•.;: .. 4" 1 •:' ';';; 2 '4% • 44t.' g ,-:, •,.,,;.:..*:, 04.7 ' '";7I,W i. ';.;;., 4" X.:4, ' .; : •,;.",,,,;''. _ - -2 %,_.A.:,, ~, :!,,-.. v„, , , ....•. taciv;:z:z:. ~ . !:, _ "D ENIEMBERINI" ' :ne [Section of II urnan S:sin. .12.... :. - .....,:ki lA. skin ;^ ' It 4."-ir.,4";:- ~.,..'. .::::•c- :14t• Of t l'• - - lng „s \-4

) - . ~::).:1::::.,.......',i:::..-" ~.....::...::••.:...,;::•• ....,......:.:„ ;;-:...... . . \ ..... .. : ,- 17 .. - , , J , . ? -. 4,..,..

SEND A ONCE.

- . . :,..,c,..,, .k. "..1 • .. . ~ .. ... . - . , . . -

id by retui _

===== 0002601_19080613_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOCRAPHIC NOTES.

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASIHON-HOIVIE.

LONG SLEEVES AND LACE GLOVES.

It is good to note that the long sleeve is being universally adopted for day wear, and. the short elbow manche, which entailed such prodigality in the matter of tong --gloves,- and which drove the girl on a small dress allowance to the brink of detair, is being almost uniVersally discarded, says a writer in the Ercning Standard. Num- bers of the new sleeves are made entirely of gauged transparent net: the fulness terminating in a little gathered frill, which runs down the outside seam from the .shoulder to the wrist, and the woman who is conscious of angularity in this respect is not likely to discard the chance of covering up her imperfection in u manner at once smart and becoming. Tight lace or muslin sleeves tucked all the way down and fitting over the lower part of the hand are equally in favour, while the cool . and simple method of wearing long lace gloves which is being adopted in Paris for young girls with both enthusiasm and suc- cess might well be imitated on this side of the Channel- where the sleeve cf medium length is concerned.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY DT:ST CLOAK.

A charming and most useful dust - coat is lured in the sketch--just the thing for wear r a pretty dress in dusty weather, for travel- r. or, in warm weather, for motoring. The tonal used iu its realisation is a good quality llienne in a light and very pretty shade of mit. This coat is quite of the loose-fitting

plat ovei ling mat sicil

type, being very slightly shaped into a, short waist-line just beneath the arms. From the neck turn back small revers and collar faced with biscuit silk, patterned with an excellent design in d,)lightful tones of blue and green. The coat fastens down the front in single- breasted fashion with four large mother-o'-pearl buttons. The sleeves are of considerable width, and are finished at the wrist by turn-back cuffs to match the collar. WHERE ARE OUR WAISTS?

It is not at all smart to shew the waist ip the new frocks of this season, says a Globe fashion writer. Both gowns and coats are made to fit with exactitude upon the shoulders, and to define the arms with something like closeness of fit as far as the elbows. At the back both sown and coat- are carried away from the figure by the skill of the tailor or modiste, and anyone who clings to the old-fashioned long waist, with the desire of shewing the result of so much tight. lacing and consequent pain and discomfort, must be disappointed to find that she is entirely out- side the pale of the fashions of the moment.- Still, there are many who do cling to the long- waisted gowns of a season or two since. Un- fortunately; they have a very dumpy and dowdy appearance as compared with 'the Empire and the Directoire modes. They are clothed, not dressed. Even the princess gown j,4 now made Empire at the back, either fully. so, or merely by catching up the skirt some two inches or so above the natural line of the waist. RILBON FOR HEADDRESSES.

Bands of ribbon, silk, or metal are often bound round the head, like the classic filet. Drooping marabout and osprey plumes are likely to be very much worn for come time, says the Quren. We have adopted the Greek typo of headdress for evening wear, or the Charles 11., two diametrically opposite styles. The ribbon is often run in and out through the hair with great effect; when the hair is light and fluffy this has to' be done carefully.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A DAINTY BLOrSE.

Pictured in our illustration is a dainty summer blouse of rather unusual and particularly becom- ing shape. ,Fine white lawn is the material in which this pretty garment is realised, its admir- able washing properties making it particularly suitable for everyday wear. This blouse is ar- ranged in a succession of small tucks right across the shoulders both back and front, the tucks

being released just below the level of the arm- hole, and the resultant fulness allowed to pouch a little at the waist. From the neck, which is cut out in V-shape, turns back a collar of the same white lawn, edged with an embroidered scallop, and worked with a pretty and simple de- sign. A big sailor knot of pale green silk comes from beneath the collar, adding a touch of colour to the blouse. Embroidered cuffs to match the collar finish the simple three-quarter lecves, and the blouse is completed by a dainty chemisette of Valenciennes lace. SIMPLE SHIRTS OF NET.

Perfectly charming, declares a Tager writer, are the plain point d'esprit shirts posed on chiffon for wearing with the severe satin birec- toire coati which have received such an enthusi- astic welcome from the vraie elegante; they have a distinctive cachet, and shew to great ad- vantage the elaborate lace jabots so Popular this season. A touch of colour can be introduced by picking out the pattern of the lace of the cravat with floss cr cable silk of the same tone as the costume, while diminutiVe bows of black and coloured velvet with or without gold-fringed ends are a decidedly novel embellishment for these fashionable little dress accessories.

,c v - a - .... iv --.-,:-,- r• 4,, li' '‘, , , .0 ,5, •0, , I. [I 1 .. I/ 1 , -- '11) . 01:4:,., ri 1 i: 1 qt ! , \\ ,

===== 0002601_19080613_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

SPINACH OUELET.—Make a puree of spinach in the usual way; that is to say, after having boiled it till tender, chop it very fine, and rub it through a coarse wire sieve, season with salt and pepper, stir over the fire and add two ounces of butter and a little cream. Take two table- spoonfuls of the spinach and stir it into four eggs which have been previou,ly beaten, yolks ana wnites separately; aca a Little piece ox shallot which has been rubbed through the sieve, and salt and pepper to taste. When thfiroughly mixed, put the whole into an omelet. pan, with two ounces of butter, and fry a pale brown. :Serve very hot.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, June 13, 19e8. SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS:

a day on the river; and bring a warm wrap. Send 1 - - " meat had been thought good enough for Doris answer by bearer, and please do come. ! goTolftleiattslencreaning athiembnes"l wish I had been there. I wish I had met you,' s 101 l hansom and to - ,he said, aloud. , water. Ctoalidrot.lsigetifaoriat,snzaanytso. I "How kind of you to say so. Well, you have The ten o'clock train steamed slowly out of Pad- met me now "she added, smiling. dington Station. It was very full, and the start had j "Met my fate, I think," he murmured; looking seemed to Doris to have been a frightful scramble. ; into her charming eyes. But Doris did not under- She had been bewildered by the crowds. Girls in . stand him. . sailor hats and serge or cotton dresses, men in 1 The other punts passed by them. "Come on to white flannels, fine-ladies dressed up as if they . lunch at once. We are going to picnic close by, sfere going to Ascot or Goodwood. in lace and silk in this shady meadow. Why are you stopping Ii was Still quite early. Only four o'clock on a attire, and wearing flowers and feathers on their here ? " and Louie Langley spoke sharply and - . a Sunday morning in the first week of August. The large picture ha's ; everybody rushing aamut ',looked not altogether amiably at her recalcitrant sky was grey and cloudy—distressingly so—to a looking for everybody else, and everywhere picnic admirer. pair of anxious eyes that, were peering wistfully mint hampers cumbering the platforms, and porters 1 "At least," she thought, "after lunch I shalt of an upper window—and a faint mist hung veil-like struggling through with heayily-laden hand-tracks. ! manage to get him away from her." over the sleeping world. There were only the Doris wondered very much how she was ever dis- 1 But she did not. Jack stuck manfully to his sparrows awake, and the grey pigeons that swirled (sowed in this seething -masa of pleasure-goers. ' new friend, and refused to make any change in his round the church spire at the furt•htr end of the She had stood for some time by herself, feeling'position for the rest' of the day. London square—and Doris Nelson, in her white rather helpless and quite sure that her cousin I "Miss Nelson and I get on capitally, 'don't night-dress, with her little bare feet on the would never be able to find her, and that she would we?" he said. "I don't see the least use in polished boards of the floor; who was wide certainly be left behind—when suddenly a vision ' changing about. And after lunch I am going to awake too. - , in white muslin and lace flew up to her out of the give her a lesson in punting in the backwater." "Oh ! if it rains, what shall I -do !" and at the chaos. ' ' I And so he did. And what a delightful lesson it bare thought of so dire a castastrophe the tears "Oh, here you are! Come along ! I have I was too--all amongst the yellow flags, and the stood in the blue eyes and the rosy lips quivered.- found her !" to a gentleman- Who was rushing water lilies, and the moorhens, beneath the shadow "It would be too terrible if it were to rain—on madly along the platform with his eyes on vacancy of the over-arching trees. How happy little this day of all other days !" and an expression of despair on his countenance. i Doris was as she splashed and floundered with her But it was not going to rain. The glaes stood 'Now we are all here. Have you secured the ' pole and laughed Merrily over her own awkward high ; and presently the delicate mist stole away, carriage, Major Brooke ?lhanks. ,Where arc the mistakes. -Was ever a day so glorious and so and the pale sunshine of a Landon morning crept hampers,. three An three of the , . cLhas Thomas put in .heavenly, and was ever man so great, so good, s m o fitfully along the upper storeys of the opposite the ice-pail ? All right. Now aup in, the train , Infinitely kind and gracious as this big, handsome houses. Doris stood-a long time by the window, is off." , . l Guardsman, with Ins sympathetic eyes and hie watching this gradual realisation of her hopes, then, Then there was a cry a of "Take your seats, ! gentle voice ? Afterwards that day was always like . , .., a headlong plunge o a first-class , a beautiful dream in Doris's memory. She used with a sigh of relief, she crept back rather cold into Please," he her little bed in the corner, caeting a glance as she carriage, and the train was Of. Ts tris was Mum .to try and recall every little incident of those passed at the clean. white cotton dress that lay breathless. • . . I happy hours. The golden afternoon with its long . Labe Langley said briefly- : ,"My little. COOSint shadows, amongst which the punt glided almost of spread out on a chair In a shadowy corner of the h w)d to ' herself d • room, like a pale ghost in the faint morning light. Miss Nelson," and three gentietnen o sher, • herse own stream, whilst they talked, he and a Mad a strange lad) stared at. her. through long- I she together, of things that insensibly drew them But when she got back to bed she could not handled eye-glasses, which made Doris blush and ! closer in thought and mind to one another. Later on sleep of course a people who are very much excited do not ,go to sleep readily, and Doris had been feel very elm-. !there was dinner at a little table in the crowded club- She sat still and said nothing, and everybody ; room. They were no longer alone. But it was all awake half the night counting the hours and long- , , , , ignore in; for daylight. a 1 -.- -' a • They ' ' d delightful,t t Doris. The h f voices promptly appeared to lca ems ence. e,i I new an too, ,o e um o besaa talk n; animatedly to each other. 'There around her, the softened glow of many red-shaded • And yet it was, after all, a 'very small thing that Was a great deal of chaff, and Many personal !candles, the pretty dresses of the women, the clean, was going to happen to her—only a day on • the ;ekes were bandied about. Then they discussed ; wholesome good looks of the men. river! Ai), but it was the very first of such days 'mutual frands, and Doris- thought all hitch. mutual I It was a new world to .11er ; and outside in the in her whole life—and site was only nineteen ! And friends must be !torrid people, for they :. seemed dark garden the Hungarian Band played. wild, when you are nineteen, and have lived all your life unable to find any pleasant things at all to say !weird music, so. that it all seemed like fairyland. with two old people in a Bayswater-square, a whole about them ; and there were other things that I Then, later still, came that little walk by the river day to be given up to pleasure ..becomes EL very great were -talked about also—things that Doris did not 'in the darkness, and the strong hand that took event indeed, I rightly understand, but which filled her with a posseesion of hers, and the voice that whisyered ' It was a Sunday, too. That mado it all ths vague discomfort, so that she tried not to listen and I caressingly in her ear. more wonderful, because grandpapa had strict loeked away out of the windows at the flying, land- "I mean to see you again, little Doris. You principles, and objected very much to Sunday scape that 11• IS of itself a delight to her, for she will not forget me ? pleasure-going. But when Lady Langley's note had . v; aur i eldom event into the country, and the fields I. "No, I shall not forget," she had answered, come last night, by special messenger—marked and hedges in all their suminer glory were a' real j tremulously. "immediate," and "wait for qn answer "—grand- • • joy to seag at. ; . ' I Then a sharp voice broke in: "Come at once, mamma had pleaded for her. . When they got to Taplow they drove down to IDoris ;we are just gob;. I have been looking foa "Let the child go for once, John! She hasn't the river where the pants awaited them ; and I you • everywhere. Oh, Captain Graves, it's you had inuch.fun in her life—let her go ! " Doris, who had never s,•en the Thames befona save is it ?" in a tone of angry surprise.. " Why - should Lady Langley give i P cni° out of a railway carriage, was so enraptured with And Doris • followed her . cousin. abashed and parties on a Sunday ? grumbled the old man. I the lovely Ecene—with time green lawns and gay ashamed, with a sudden guilty oonviction of having "Hasn't she got six days in the week, without gardens, with the willows . drooping their , toughs done something very, very dreadful. _ breaking the Lord's Sabbath? A lazy fine lady into the placid stream, and the white swans flow- But Jack caught at her hand as she passed out of with nothing to do from morning till night, week am, ripen its bosom—that she ran away from time the dark garden into the hall of the house to find in and week out—why need she cheese a Sunday for rest to the water's edge to enjoy the enchanting he cloak. And he squeezed it close and hard, se her party ?" , picture all to herself. that her heart beat and she felt comforted. - "Well, of course, it is a pity, but that is not And when she was emit of earshot there were "Don't 'mind what she says to you," he whispered Doris's affair, and since Ilea cousin has invited , thinas said which she fort • n tely did not hear, in her ear. "And don's forget me." her, oh, let her ge, please, just for once !" "I really don't see why s should be relegated to • She just lOoked at him, and in the gleam of the Doris looked breathlessly from one to the other, the care of the inyenue," quota' Sir Aniyan Ferrest, tights from the house he saw her lovely eyes—filled her fate hung in the balance between them. "Oh, disgustedly. "Why am. I lo be victimised, pray ?" with an unconscious passion. do—do--let me go, grandpapa!" she had chimed "Well, you see, Sir Amyan, she came to fill the "I will never forget you—never till I die!" she in, earnestly. lace of Mrs.. Sturgess, and .if dm had been answered, fervently. And at last -the old gentleman had given a here " After that there was nothing more between them. reluctant assent. "Oh, that would have been quite another thing. There was a crowd at the station and the party was "Well, well, just for once, as you say. Only This child can't be called a - 'substitute ' for separated. 'Doris found herself in one carrirgs with don't learn to make a habit of Sabbath breaking, Mrs. Sturgess at all. Why shodild I, the oldest Mrs. Marsland and Major Brooke. The others got my dear." . , man present, be selected for the honour ? Why into another comparhnent. When they got to, Doris flew away joyfully to answer her cousin don't you take her, Brooke ?" . Paddington Lady Langley hurried her into a cab. invitation. - • "I don't like them youag," grunted the gentleman Nobody else wished her gcod-night, no one saw her Lady Langley was her cousin on her mother's addressed. "Innocence makes me miserable." home. She got back to Cairo-square by herself with side, and no relation at. all to the old grandparents, "Titanic y I" red Mrs. Marsland. a fixed conviction that she had touched the sublanest , on se much murmured who had brought her up ; and naturally, Mr. and Mrs. Nelson, who were very old-fashioned, did not They exchanged glances and laughed. - ; pinnacle of human happiness, and that by all the "Well, I el-7 like them young, for a change !" laws of equilibrium she had no right ever to be at all approve of Lady Langley. spoke up the third man of the party whom Lady happy any more. Louie Langley, as everybody called her—every- Lanaladdressed "J 1 " His • 1 name was Langley as "Jack" is rim body who knew her, that is to say—was a very fashionable little person. . She was frivolous, she Christopher Anstrather Graves—bat for some occult reason, which nobody timid ever investigated,. was rich, and she was pretty ; moreover, she did his intimates called him Jack. "I like little girls. exactly as she pleased from morning till night, ... . a quite independently of Sir Charles, her middle-agedl them, I told;, I'll lake I have a genius wit i am care of the little cousin, Lady Langley. husband, who was very much taken up with his "Fee' Jack !" Louie looked dumbfounded. Parliamentary duties, and allowed his pretty young „aim Why not ? Forrest can take you." wife to go her own way. Naturally, Louie Langley „'" C t' 1 I should like that of all things," did not trouble her head much about her little "Certainly; a!ll y ; cried Sir Amyan, eagerly. cousin in the Bayswater square; so that it was "Wltilst I shall really enjoy the Innocence," - aeally only by a mere accident that she had invited Lady L 1 ' look fconsternation was ang ey so her to come with her'for a day on the river, succeeded by one of displeasure. She drew nearer This was how it had come about. When she and to her faithless swain. her great friend, Selina Marsland, who was staying i "Do you mean it, Jack—really ? " whim her, got back about six o'clock,on. the Sear- 1 "Yes, really and truly. Why riot? A-little day afternoon from. m Hurlingha, where the last change is good for us all at times. He nodded at polo match of the season had been played, before a liter defiantly. ."Here; Miss Nelson, conic along," thin audience—most of the world of fashion having 'he called out to Doris. "You are going with me." betaken itself to Goodwood—Lady Langley was Doris smiled at him brightly, and almost ran confronted by a note that lay on the hall table in forward in her haste to obey his summons. Cadogan-square. It was from the third lady of the It was all beautiful to her to-day--the river and hotror broke from her as she read it. morrow's party. An exclamation of dismay and ; 1 the boats, and the prospect of a picnic out of "Oh, what on earth shall I do ! she cried, de- I doors and the great kindness of her consin who , ; had been so good as to give her so much pleasure. spairingly. "Mary Sturgess is in bed with I And she was beautiful, too, herself. Jack Graves influenza!" Poor Mary!" murmured Mrs.. Marsland, turn- thought so, at least, as he helped her into the punt " i and settled the cushions behind her back. ; jug the letters and •cards on the table leisurely ' now . • Do you are you comfortable 9 over, .to see if there were any for herself. "There, mind going backwards. No ? That's all right," - "Poor Mary indeed! It's peer me, I think! It _lc w, , 1 Ishoved the t tf STRUCTURE OF HAILSTONES. d with a vigorous push he -le to pun o completely ruins our party for to-morrow! How' a, _ . m• . , afrom the landing-stage . into the 11 middle of the selfish of her not to let me know sooner! How on 1 There are three plausible hypotheses as to earth , astream. am ito get anodier woman otake t her place! tha origin of the snowy ice at the centee of a 1 The deed was done now, and. Lady Langley was at the last moment ?" hailstone, says Cleveland Abbe in the "Can't you send for one of the Delaney girls .9 ; ~ left to mare the beet of it. There was nothing for !it but to conceal her annoyance 1 t t time am 0 accept me Monthly Re-view. "They have both gone away to-day for Good- i . escort of Sir Atnyan Forrest. Presently the three (a) The hailstone may have begun with the wood," punts, at a respectful distance from each other, "Mrs. Hall or Worminaton ?" - formation of a ball of snow, and the clear ice Lady a could I a followed one another up stream. . as , "Frumps, both of them ! How scud may be a deposit of cold water, frozen a few "Do You like a punt or a boat best, Miss either of them out with any of our three men ?" seconds later by, the cold of the surrounding Mrs. Marsland shrugged her shoulders. Nelson ?" - atmosphere. In the caee the air that is •)Then I Imre no further suggestion to make. "Le-I don't quite know. I- have never been in mixed with the snowy ice at the centre would Why not go five ? " boat t all b f • but I think this is delightful." a aa a e me, . be compressed by the freezing of the cur- "How foolish you are, Selina! Don't you know "Then it is all new to you? You have never rounding 1 clear ice, and would be liberated that I have engaged three men and three punts ?, been on the river adore, do you mean to say ?" as a bubble when the hailstone is melted How can I send one man out punting alone ? It , , I "Neeer 1 I am afraid you must think mite very under water. would have to be Sir Aanyan, too. it ccaildn't be , "added, shyly. rgnorant, she (b) The nucleus of , the hailstone may • have any of the others—unless you think Maier Brooke! "1 think you very much to be envied. To have been at first a large drop of water, contain- ____? a j a single new experience left me, I would give the ing dissolved am, which is forced out by the "Certainly half of my kingdom. 7 0 eavet Major Brooke is mine "—and ' like time process of freezing, precisely so the bubbles ' 1 Doris laughed, throwing back her sunny head Mrs. Marsland spoke up energetically at last, and . a . , . Of air that are seen in cakes of artificial ice. with a considerable amount of asperity. j and strewing herlittlew nte teeth between re red of a ' • 1 tl d Cold water can dissolve an appreciable Pedf- "Well, it can't be Jack, because--" 1 curves of her lips. - How pretty she wa3, thought centage of its volume of air, all of which /8 A ' Jack As he looked at her. How fresh, and sweet Because he is yours I Oh, yes, We all know• • extruded when water freezes; a bubble of • r and unspoilt 1 W' What a clear skin site hind, too, that," and the fair Selina laughed, not quite , • lIV.HILY- COMPRESSED AIR affreeably. Best friends do that sometime ~,• -t f a• d earl powder. a aa . utterly innoesn o rouge an pearl . 1 "Butt you are not so- miring as I am," she cried, might thus be formed at the centre of the srmuld send Sir s, Am •an alone if I were you, slue hailstone. 117 such ~ a hailsteme be melted in went on, soothingly."heaven - 'knows he is dull . gaily. "When you were nineteen you hind lots of cold water slowly, all of this air will he cc- enough for all hums money-1 new experiences, too, I suppose? dissolved, and no bubble will be seen to rise ' Langley qui, and het. mar reduced "I am afraid I ran through them all very Then Lady rim , to the surface. If the stone be dissolved in her to tears. ''' -,Miss Nelson That is the worst of the • modern life • there are too many be be a fool, Selina IHe would never . highs pressure of , y hot water rapidly, or especially if the steno 1 • • a 1 • invitationof mine if I put such a pleasures in it. • be crushed forcibly- and quickly under water, accept -another anie d 1 is necessary to me-a--" "Are there ?" said Doris, a little wistfully. the air may cscapa as a bubble -without hay- slight upon inn; lug had time to be rediesolved. "His money is, .you mean. -I, quite ni sr 01 lide And then she added after a pause: "That sonnds (c) A hailstone formed' of pure water that stand. Then put the party off." j so odd to me, because I never have any pleasures has bad no opportunity to aheorb or dissolve Lady Langley threw , herself' down upon the sofa at all." air can be reduced to a temperature far cushions. The two ladies had reacheda e d h boudoir, 1 He looked at her curiously. "Yet yon seem below freeaing, but will - eventually suddenly and were alone. She wept nitre 4, h • al' N lson " stramediy. Her perfectly happy, Miss e . d "Oh, yes, so I am," she answered, brightly. ,turn to ice, at which moment its temperature dearest friend took up the La lye • Pictorial, Ice ; "But surely pleasure is not necessary to will rise to 3ddea Fehr., and it will assume hummed a mnsicThall tow. between kerlips. - . . y„ p -,3' a crystalline structure, so as to resemble madly the sob§ , , ceased and her ladyship eat up. ; happiness— . a "What, not at. nineteen ?" snow Such a hailstone hoe, therefore, a :•Melina," she cried, excitedly, "I have an idea., i "Well, I shall be twenty next Friday," she snowy nucleus "Good Heavens, toy dear! 'row very unusual ! ' j amended, seriously, and with a little air of WITHOtT ANY ENCLOSED AIR, a..- Lady Langley was impervious to the sarcasm ; I im ,t her "idea" filled her whole soul. poi ance. "Amid I think my life has been a very and on being melted under water will, of "I have a small cousin in Bayswater." peaceful one, so I should be ungrateful, should I- course, shew no . bubble. In fact, the central f I were not happy? " and she turned the not, i . "Heaven help us!" murmured Selina, casting space is occupied, not by aim but by the brightest- of smiles upon him. a ins her eyes. . . s apour only, and as the pressure is very "Will you tell me something about your life?" "I shall send a note round and ask her to . . , s:nall we may liken this to a partial vacuum. said Jack Graves, tummy, aunost humbly. come—" All these. throe forms of hailatones, and I °My dear Lanie—to Bayswater ? " And presently the pont came to a standstill other forma as yet nnthought of, are pcs- ; tinguishing between these three kinds of hail- - i "Yes. What under a shady and the punter in his White sible m and if we could invent methods of dis- a flannels laid down his pole and came and sat at I e y , 1v where she lives. She is my first cousin. • • mint, like an idiot, made a wretched marriage. • her feet And Doris told him all about herself RiolleS we tillollld have a. better knowledge of and her life with liar old grandparents, and how He was a clergyman. This girl is an orphan. She utli e i ied—her what goes on in the upper air, during the for- is about nineteen, and she is alwaiis on my unhappy she had been when tierf, i. f vti 1 maticn of hail. ' ece Charles says I might to do more or , f • dear father, who had caught a fever rom VI.I Ig a • These svho have proper eenvemences will conscie , • . her. 'tie will be enchanted to collie." poor sic • k woman, and whose, death was a noble find that the study 'of hailatones under . Mrs. Marsland repressed a shudder. "My sin lir d •e to his duty. She did not remember her polarised light gives additional information ,only consider what her clothes will be like ! ' - ' Ihad she told liim but ler grandparents mother, • a ~ as to their crystalline structupe2 but has not kind Iva a howe and had been vsryto . her given . -t 11 I • 'to pat on a cotton frock Oh I shalle im RS yet told ue much about the process of 4' - , . ever r ince her father's death. and a sailor hat. All girls, howerer poor, can rim formation. "But isn't it awfully dull for you, living alone • s ite Snitable—Silll 10 and •t i to that, and it will look qu .1 Aa ice is a poor conductor of heat, i R - • . with two old people ? " -lOW • and, really, little Dons is not a worth while to make some effort to deter- girlish, you Id , "A little perhacs, si metimes, bat— mine the at all bad looking." ; "B, t Lady Langley often takes you out, no doubt? TEMPERATURE OF THE INTERIOR 1 "And you propose to pair her, off w th Sir myan? May and December, elm? ' Yon were at the ball she gave last month, of . A of a large hailstone. The external surface "I can't help that. He will have to nu -g, the der•dse ? " "Oh, no, I couldn't expect that. She knows so may safely be artuned to have the tempera- Lest of her." many pe oale, you see." tare of .evaporation or the average wet-bulb "Perhaps he will fall in love with her." "Yon mean site did not ask you ?" temperature prevailing in the lower thousand "Pooh! What nonsense! He must be flye-and- "No. She wrote and explained why she could feet of air through which the hail has rapidly forty, and Doris is A mere baby,." fallen, but the centre must be at a tempera. "I always - mistrust . babies, ' remarked Mrs. not." , • • Captain Graves tugged at his moustache. ture more nearly corresponding to that at Marsland, sententiously. . "She always has so many engagements, you see. which the nucleus was formed. . There is, But Lady Langley was writing her note for dear - therefore, a state or strain that should be re- life and did,not hear .her. But I went to the Christmas-tree." "The children's party she had at Christmas ? . ve•aled by polarised light. The average tern- "A little 'party got up quite in a hurry," she Ah, .1 wasal asked to that." And Captain Graves perature of the whole hailstone may be scribbled. "Will yoti join us ? Ten o'clock train, remembered hour Louie had told him she had easily and directly determined by allowing Paddinzton. Tell your !strand-mother I will take invited nothing butt "frumps" to her children's hail to melt within a calorimeter, where the great care a you and send you nacx sate in Mae party. "Frumps and stupid relations," she had heat consumed can be determined and then evenina. Wear a clean white cotton dress and a . said, "so I shan't ask any of my own pals to Come. , the tempermture be computed. ' ..... • _ sailor hat, and you will be quite smart eno a nail for They would only be bored." Yet this entertain-

ASBESTOS WOOD.

The asbestos wood invented by Professor C. L. Norton, and described in the Electrical World, should prove a useful substance. It .is absolutely; fire-proof, and of a highly in- sulating nature. In this latter quality it al- moat' equals mica, one of the most perfect in- sulators 'mown. Manufactured presumably from the mineral asbestos, this "asbestos wood" can be .werked with the ordinary wood-working tools, and can be sawn, nailed, or screwed, the same rs hardwood. It has a smooth surface, which will take any kind of finish. For . electrical work it is usually finished to look like ebony. It is used for ' Switch boards, switch bases, insulating pieces, &c. AL.° for the doors in front Of high voltage stations.

(Coivright.)

And he thinks so still, although he is away in South Africa fighting for his Queen. And Doris, poor little soul, is very sad in his absence and very anxious, too. She does not go out and enjoy her- self now he is away and in danger, as some of the forlorn wives do, but has gone back to live quietly with her grandparents in the dull house in Cairo- square, and there he will find her waiting for him when he conies home, if it please God that he does come home,

And Doris is not so very unhappy either, because she has her consolations. There is the six months' r.i.d baby to begin with, who is said to be Jack's living image, and then there are Jack's letters. One of them lies next her heart to-day as she croons over the babe ; and there is just one little sentence in it that brought the tears of joy into her eyes as she read it. "I always think," wrote Jack, from far away Pretoria, "that the very greatest piece of luck I ever had in my life was that day on the river whicl, first brought -you to me, darling!" After two years of matrimony such words 55 then are very good reading.

i[TIIE END,]

"It serves her right," said Mrs.alarsland six 'weeks later, as she sat at lunch with Mary Sturgess. "Louis always ran Jack much too hard., Or course, he jibbed and broke loose. It was very natural. All the same, if you hadn't thrown her over ,for that day on the river this would never have happened." "Yes, I am very sorry, of course, for Jack Craves is a loss to us all. But one can't help being ill, and I was really fearfully bad." "Well, it was most unlucky, for that threw this girl into his anus. Still, there is no doubt that 'Louie ran after the poor man too much. Men won't stand it. They want to be driven on the snaffle. But 2narr:aye, and such a marriage as that, too 1 For a man like Jack ! It's dis- heartening!" "What is she like—pretty? •Any money?" "Oh, pretty ? Yes. The prettiness of nineteen, but not a farthing, of course. She is just a little nobody—dowdy clothes, pious and rather-middle- class surroundings, an innocent baby utterly ignorant of the world." "But clever enough, apparently, to- have caught the hero of a hundred love affairs," laughed Mrs. Stnrgess. . • "Yes, these innocent babies do that sort of thing ccensionally. A reactionary process, I imagine." . "And Louis Langley?" "Qh, she was quite ill at first. She went to bed . for twenty-four hours, ate no lunch or dinner, and refused herself to everybody. Then sho got up and put on her best dress and her diamonds and went out to a theatre with Sir Antyan Forrest." "Alt ! So it's Sir Amyan, is it, now ?" "Yes; heart caught at the rebound, you know. Dear Louis is quite consoled. Sir -Amyan has given her a lovely sapphife bangle," added Lady Langley's dearest friend with a sneer. "Do you think Jack Graves means it ? Will • he really marry this little nobody ? " "011, dear me yes. He is (lithe infatuated. The day' is actually fixed. Wedding to b 3 very quiet, I hear. It's a miserable business altogether, I consider, and a dreadful come-down for poor Jack araves." .

1111 But Jack did not look upon it in the light of a ', "comedown" at all. Quite the contrary, for he ' told himself, and he told Doris, that he was the • , luckiest fellow on earth.

• •

===== 0002601_19080613_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A DAY ON TIIE RIVER

By MRS. LOVELL CAMERON, Author of "Juliet's Guardian," "Deceivers Ever," "Jatlt'S Secret," "A Sitter's Bin," "In a Grass Country," "A Soul Astray," Rce.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKROACHES IN AMBER.

Some of the finest fossil insects known to geologists are these preserved in amber. Originally a gum exuding from a species of pine tree, the amber first captured the insect, and then/ buried it, thus preserving every detail of its structure. The exhibition of a fine collection- of cockroaches thus preserved at a meeting of - the Entomological Society by I,lr. Shelford shews the respectable •anti- gully of this unpleasant insect. For " the amber depesits Of Eastern Prussia, from whence they Were obtained,. are of middle Tertiary age. The cockroach, as a matter of fact, however, can claim a much greater age, for a species of Blatta is recorded from the Purbeck beds. A related genus Palmoblat- tina dates as far. back as th 4

PORCELAIN INSULATORS. Porcelain is a substance largely used in electrical insulation, and in a lecture on "Electrical Porcelain " Mr. H. W. Brady set before the Birmingham Electrical Club some interesting facts with regard to this substance. The critical event in the history of the art of pottery, he points out, was the introduction into Europe of the Chinese method of making true porcelain. The deri- vation of the word porcelain from the Latin porcusi" a pig, is an interesting one. It is the Italian " poreellana '' formed from the Latin, and meaning both a shell and porce- lain. It seems to have been applied to a white-surfaced Venus shell, because of its re- semblance to ,a pig's back. From the shell it was . transferred to, the glazed china, which in turn resembled the shell. English porce- lain has greater insulating powers than Ger- man. It has stood high tension tests up to 91)0,000 volts. OXYGEN FOR CUTTING METALS. One of the most remarkable uses of oxygen gas is for the cutting of metals. By means of it such things as steel rails and armour plates can be cut with great ease. The inven- tion is a German one, and it has been in use for several years. The cutting is effected by applying the nozzles of two pipes to the metal. One of these supplies a stream of mixed oxygen and hydrogen, which is ignited, and the other pure oxygen. These strike the same part of the metal, which is rapidly cut through. The cutting is really effected by the intense heat, the temperature rising to I,3oodeg. or I,4oodeg. Fahr. The cut is as clean as an ordinary sheared cut, klnd se- quires., little or no finishing. The chemical and physical properties of the metal are not affected beyond one-hundredth of an inch. , The cost is about half that of cutting in the . old way.

, SNAKE VENOM AS MEDICINE. • ' iOne of the.. Most remarkable medicines over used, perhaps,, is snake venom. And the Scientific American gives an interesting ac- count of how a fpesh supply has been oh-, . tained from a living snake in the New York Zoological Park. The particular snake from li-which it is obtained is known as the lance- head (Laelkesis triganecephalea), and it must ,be taken from the living animal. The snake is held by keepers by two forked stieLs, one at the hack of the jaws and the other at the , tail. A glass beaker covered with gauze is held in front of it. The snake strikes at the gauze and the poison drops into the beaker. After doing this three times 17-1 grains of a yellowish fluid were obtained. One part of venom is mixed with 99 parts of sugar and water. The dose is one-millionth of -a 'slain of venom, and the supply thus obtained is td to be sufficient to supply the world's need for fifty years. It is Used in. the treat- ment of insanity and infectious diseases. The only previous supply was collected by Dr. Herring, in 1828, from. a snake on the Upper Amazon.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
NSO :. CITJI

MANCHESTER MAN'S HIGH OPINION OF

===== 0002601_19080613_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ra . KJ

For sale by all Chemists and Stores. price is. lid. per bottle, or six bottles for 6s. 6d., or will be sent by mail posl tors, The W. H. Comstock Co., Limited, 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Mrs. Winks (enraged): " How is this? Mrs. Stuckup's letter of reference said you were a good cook, and yet you have utterly spoiled the first meal you attempted." NPAV Girl: " Maybe Mrs. Stuckup don't know nothing about. cook- in'." Mrs. Winks (mollified): " Probably that is the case. Well, I'll teach you myself.'

"I fear she won't enjoy henself in heaven." Why not ?" "I don't believe you can send souvenir post-cards from there."

"So you and he are related by marriage." "Yes, iti a way. My first husband is married tO his second wife."

* Deacon Goodsoul : Blue. Monday, again I feel as if I could hardly drag myself down to work." Deacon Highmind : Same way with me. Every Monday I'm all used up, and I don't know why. How were the congregations yesterday?" " Large in the morning, fair in the afternoon, and quite good in the evening. The Sunday-echool waa well attended, too, and the Bible-class was full, while the young men's circle gained several members. I did not see you yesterday." " Xro ; I spent the blessed day of rest addressing our six mission-schools, rais- ing a church mortgage, and starting three new revivals."

Mrs. Casey: "Fins yor husband; any infloo- +mos ?" Mrs. Hogan: "Begots, he's under it all the time."

' * * * , Wigg: "He doesn't 1:now a good thing when 1.1.6 see. it." Wagg: "Of course not. Re'e a critic." .

The Small Chap: "Say, papa, what is the race problem 7" _Papa ::Picking winners."

- "Is it necessary to inclooe stamps ?" asked the poet. "More necessary, eren, than to in- elos:i poetry, responded ~11,e editor. * * linieker: "That veteran boasts he has had horses killed under him." Chauff.2ur: "That's nothing; I've had thirty pedestrians." « "She married an octogenarian, didn't she?" . "1 gtheos not. He looked to be as white as any 'Ol us." • *

must conks," he said, in a sudden buret "of confidence, "that I'm an odd man. I long 'to be different-2' "Oh, this is so sudden!" exclaimed Miss Patsay, throwing henself upon his neck, for else, too, was old, and longed to le even.

_ * "So you think your parents ane unjust to 3-ou, Willie ? And that your teacher has it in for you? You're a poor, abused martyr, aren't you ?" "Yee, I am. Everything I do is IBA to me l"

"And what shall I say to Mr. Gotrox V' tr- ,lluire.d the canvasser for 'Frills and Frazzl Ng." 'Jrist say," answered the urbane publisher, Your monecor we'll_ print your life."

* *" A bachful young couple, who were viJently "17 much in love, entered a crowded street- 'car in Boston the other day. "Do you suppose 11'3 can squeeze in bare r be asked, looking doubtfully at her 'blushing faes. "Don't you tbink, dear, we had better wait until we get home ?" WAS the low, embarrassed reply.

"I'm but a singlo woman," bezan the suffrage orator. "Don't give up hope yot," interjected a matronly person in tho audience. But they frowned upon her as one who had failed to catch the spirit of the occasion.

"How is your new girl, Mrs. Upmore 7 I iletirti she was sick." "She's improving. She Nv.act able to Sit up this morning and give 'notice',

* * " You two are thrown together a great deal, aren't you?" "You bet. We ride home on the same car at six o'clock."

" Are they college men?" " No; merely .college boys. Just freshmen." "Ah I they're Tiot the finished product--L—" " No; merely 'Rah material."

Eminent Physician's Clerk: " Shall I make out Mr. Younghusband's bill, and send it to him ?" Eminent Physician (a man wiiih a soft heart): " Well, no, not yet. He seems to be in a seventh heaven over the arrival of that . baby, and I hate to intrude on his innocent joy."

" See here, sir," exclaimed the successful Tnanufacturer to Adam Upp, his dilatory book- keeper, " you are net as attentive to business as you might be. Now, it has been my rule to be at my desk early and late and--" Me, tee.," interrupted Mr. Upp ' • " sometimes I get -there early and sometimes late."

Good Dame : " I was so glad to learn that YOU had at last joined the anti-swearing society. But why didn't you join before?" Young Man: 40 expeneitc. The fines used to be a dime for everything; but lately the rates have been re- duced to six cusses for a quarter."

, " I beg.your pardon, waiter," gaid the t-urist . lu the railway restaurant, " did you say at I had twenty minutes to wait, or that it was twenty minutes to eight?" " I said nayther," answered the Hibernian attendant. " I said Yez had twenty minutes to ate, an' that's all Ye had. Yer thrain's gone now." * " I've called," said the lady, " to thank you for the notice you gave my 'History of Female Suffrage,' but, by the way, you had one odd tYPographical error. You spoke of me as 4 uew writer.'" " That's so," replied the literary editor, "'hysterical' should be spelt with a y. * The bull had just entered the china shop. " Here," he remarked, "is where I knock tradition endwise." Carefully backing from the Place, mithout so much as jarring a saucer, he Inquired the route to the stock-yards, and wert:i 'us way.

The striking statement published below was forwarded by Mr. George Paterson, of 169, New Lane, Patricroft, Manchester. This is an absolutely unsolicited statement and bears the stany of truth and sincerity. Mr. Paterson states that he was at first sceptical, being abhorrent of drugs, but gradually found that this remedy was doing what was claimed for it, and now after three years frankly admits that Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills have worked wonders, and made a new man of him. He is so thoroughly satisfied at their astonishing success that he feels he is simply doing his duty in allowing us to make public his letter.

• 169, New Lane, Patricroft, near Manchester, 11th March, 1908. Mean*. The W. H. Comstock Co., Limited, 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Gentlemen,—You are strangers to me, and'l to you. and a deep feeling of gratitude is the only excuse I can offer for presuming to .send you these few lines. For many years I have b'cen a victim to disordered liver and its consequent afflictions, and nearly three ,years ago was induced to try Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, a medicine I can now conscentiously assert, which in every way accom- plishes all that you claim for it. I'must admit at first I was somewhat sceptical, being all my life abhorrent of medicines and drugs of any description, but now after a fair three years' trial of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, I frankly admit that they have worked wonders on me, and have, practically speaking, made quite a new man of me. Without doubt they are honestly what you represent them to be: and that is saying a very great deal in this advanced scientific age in which we live. So thoroughly satisfied am lof their astonishing success, I consider such a boon to suffering humanity should be made as well known as possible; therefore you have my full liberty to make whatever use you may think fit of this letter.- I may state that I still continue taking two Pills every night before going to bed, and will do So as long as I can get them. GEORGE PATERSON, Clerk of Works.

The above testimonial, told in a simple, conscientious, matter-of-fact manner, bears the ring of truth. It is an unvarnished narrative of the wonderful efficacy of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills to overcome the common ailments of mankind. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills get at the cause of pain and sickness. They drive the impurities out of the blood. They give you clean bowels, a healthy stomach, a lively liver, active kidneys, and pure blood, rich and red, imparting health and strength to the whole system. For all complaints arising from Impure Blood and a disordered state of the Stomach, Liver, and Kidneys, these Pills are unex- celled. They are the Standard Family Medi- cine, and should be in every home. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills are a Perfect Blood Purifier, and a positive and per- manent cure for Bilious- ness, Indigestion, Consti- pation, Headaches, Sallow Complexion, Liver and Kidney Troubles, Rheu- matism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Piles, Pimples, Boils, Blotches, \ and all Blood Disorders, and for Female Ailments.

paid by tile Proprie-

===== 0002601_19080613_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080613_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSH BILLINGS' PHILOSOPHY.

nitre seems to be an eternal propriety, a time and place for all things; tht>refore, the man who talks religion in a rat pit doesn't wider- stand hiz bizzimes.

Mankind are a gapeing, wondering crew; they will hang around the mouth ov a rat-hole for an hour, waiting for some rat to cum out, when they kno allmost for a certatnty that thare iz no rat within 2 miles ov thare. •

I don't think the Lord ever made a very smart man,. and put a veryesmall nose on him. I thank God for one thing most heartily—the most &ffikult thing for me to do i 2 to forgit a kindness or remember an injury. Az an individual, man iz a lamentable failure ; az a whole he iz but a limited.rinekce.s.

He who can make a.rnan laff and think at the same time—he who can mix sugar and salt together—and make it palatable—iz the real philosopher, and philanthropist, too. Most enny bod:dy can be a respektable heathen, but to be a good average Christian iz anothei thing entirely. Civilizashun iz what tries a man's moral avurdupoise. Mare iz no man on earth so poor, nor ,so ritch, 412 they think they am. Thare iz one advantage in having a mother- in-law in the family; I forgit now just what the advantage iz. Genius kreates, tallent immitates; tallent kan pla the fiddle well, but it took a genius to make the fiddle.

Allwus aim at the bull's eye, mi lad; it's the hits, not the misses, that kount. A monkey haz no genius; he haz tallent, he iz an immitator, he iz a monkey.

I would rathei be a good lietener than a good talker ; thane iz a grater demand for the lis- -1 teners.

The man who km) say all he haz to Lay on a subjelit in two or three linos ain't never going to make a very big pbool ov himself. All insane people hay a certain degree ov method in their macineFe, and there are moments when their sanity iz fairly startlinu.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
NATURES

DANGER SIGNALS.

Keep your eye open for danger signals—especially those that threaten your health. If people would only do this, the diseases that afflict the world would be reduced by one-half. Illness rarely comes on without %tattling. For example, when you lose the sharp appetite for food ; when you feel dull and sluggish ; when your ordinary wolk or duties seem to require more than ordinaly exertion ; when you. are consti- pated, have little dull headaches, and your mouth is scrummy— these and other like eigrs show, unmis- takably, that your physical machiumy is not in good ' order.

That is the time for doing something to ward off an attack of real illness. Your trouble is incipient indigestion, the complaint which Mother Seigel's Syrup always checks and cures. And don't forget that it is easier to conquer indigestion in its earlier stages than when it has become chrcnic.

Mother Seipel's Syrup so acts upon the stomach, liver and bowels, that indigestion is impossible. A , purely herbal icraedy, containing no mineral drugs, it purifies the blood, strengthens the digestive organs and tones up the system generally. "For nearly a year I Enffered dreadfully from indigestion in its west fottn," says Mrs. Gibson, of 15, Chatltcn-road, Pelly.road. Plaistow, E., under date of January let, 1908. "Food not only produced dreadful pains at the chest, but. I could not even keep milk on my stomach. Headaches were of almost daily cccurrance with me. From want of nourishment I became wretchedly thin and weak. " Not until I flied Mother Seigel's Syrup did I find the least relief. I could then feel that each dose was doirg, its good wolk, for the pains and distress gradu- ally became lees and lcss, ad fintlly left me • altogether."

MotherScigesSyrup is-now' also pre- pared in Tablet form, and sold[under the name ef Mother Seigel' Syrup Tablets Price 2/9 per bottle—one size only.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON RIFLE CLUB.

A team of ten members of the above club visited St. Helens last Saturday, for the purpose of competing in a shooting match with the St. Helens Civilian Rifle Club, whose range is situated on the hill at Dentons Green. The weather was very fine, but a brisk wind was blowing, which rendered scoring by the visiting teem a matter of greater difficulty than on their own range, where windage has not to be reckoned for. The conditions of the match were as follows. Each team to consist of ten members, the best eight scores on each side to count miniature rifles. Seven shots at each of three ranges-25, 50, and ICO yards. Decimal scoring highest possible at each range, 70 per man or an aggregate of 9.10 for the three ranges. The match resulted in a victory for the St. Helens Club, who made a total of 13(13 against 1125 by the visitors—the former thus winning by a majority of 238. The following were the aggregate scores :

ST. HELENS ei.R.C. FL L. Twist J. ease • 1-1. D. West • 173 J. Menzies l7l .T. IL Fear!'ley F. Smith 11. Hyde H. Penman

Total

Other Score 3

, W. :Johnson E. Evans ft. 133

APPLETON R.C.

F. M. Cowley A. Down P. D. Gardiner C. P. Day F. el. Tienoion j. Sankey F. J. Groeott _ ._

N. Wilks ll7

Total

Other Scores :

J. Towers J. Wilcock

A retnrn match between tho SA.IIIA elnhn has been arranged to be fired on Anpleton Rifle Club Range on Saturday, the 18th of July, at 3 p.m.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN?

Your baker, keenly alive to the pressing demand's of the day, is ready to supply yon not only with currant bread, but with a choice variety of other nourishing and homely cakes specially enriched with this wonder- fully nutritive fruit. , Ask him about his currant specialities, and you will discover that it is quite elsy to keep your breakfast and tea table well spread with currant dainties, even when you are too busy to bake at home.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
• MORSE'S MAN Rill PILLS.

THE WAY OF A WOMAN,

(Cop-jr;gl,l.)

BY MABEL COLLINS,

Author of "Lady Ladelle of fere House," "Friend or Traitor? " "Pans T's Lovera," "The Star Sapphire," 1:c.

It was just before dawn—that wonderful hour, when the birds wake and stir, and the trees look ghostly, and the air feel i more ethereal than at any other hour in the day or night. The night had been very hot, but now a faint.breeze was stirring, and it waved the muslin curtain over the open window of May Wolvaston's room. She lay on her bed with her head thrown back and her hands clenched, fast asleep and dreaming. Now and then she uttered some incoherent words, and clenched her hands more firmly, so that the nails cut the skin of their palms. She seemed like a person engaged in an awful struggle, and yet her body lay there, the feet crossed, Motionless save for the moving lips and the quivering hands. She was a beautiful girl, very pale, her hair flaxen, her skin delicately white. Those who loved her often called her "Little White May." Her very lips were white now as if with intense excitement, and it was evidently a release from some dreadful condition when the spell of sleep was broken and the heavy lids were lifted. Eyes, the blue of a Russian violet, looked forth bewildered—very beautiful eyes, filled now with a ' scared look. Tears came into them, large tears, but they only slowly formed and scarcely fell; the girl was too amazed at her own visions to weep over them. She closed her eyes again, and turned her head-from the light. With an effort—not because her memory was failing, but because her memories were so dreadful—she went back over every incident of her dream. She shuddered as she recalled them. She had been standing' in a street between her father and her lover, standing between them and turning fl•oin one to the other, speaking to them, trying to make them hear or feel her, but in vain. Real as they were to her, she was invisible and intangible to them. They were quarrelling bitterly. It was about money I How horrible! How sordid, she thought, as she recalled it. How could such ideas come into her mind, and poison her quiet sleep? Money! Her lover had upon him a roll of bank-notes ; strange, that in her dream it did not seem strange to her that she could see these bank-notes in his breast coat-pocket; the cloth of his coat was transparent to her sight, the money was a large sum; it did not belong to him—he was in charge of it, taking it for his employer to a person to whom it was owed. Her father wanted it —wanted to take it from him! How horrible it was! He' had evidently been drinking, and she knew he had been gambling. What did he want to do.? That money would not pay his debts? No, but it would enable him to get away, to leave the country, to leave his debts, to leave her! Her sweetheart, her dear George, asked 'him if he could find it in his heart to do this—for May would be left alone— in lodgings, almost friendless, and very poor. Her father paid no hoed to him: he wanted that money. She had seen her father like that sometimes—she knew he could be like that. Then came an awful moment. Her father attacked George, who was obliged to defend himself. Her father fought wildly to oderpower him, struggled fiercely to tear open his coat and snatch the notes. But George- was younger,, and he was sober. Suddenly lie escaped from his opponent, and, turning, darted down the street like lightning. May flew to his side, holding his hand. Suddenly there was a great noise; she saw a mail-cart tearing down the street they were crossing. She tried to hurry George on ' more quickly out of its way, but she could not ; she lost hold of his hand, and the next thing she knew was that he had been run over, and lay there in the roadway. The cart stopped, men came running back, there was much confusion and excitement.. and then she saw George lifted upon a shutter and carried away. She followed beside him ; he was in great pain, and unable to speak, which he seemed longing to do. Indeed, she knew what lie wanted to say: he wanted to beg them to take him to the place where the money was to be paid, that he might place it in safety. But he could not speak, and she could not help him; he was carried to the door of n great hospital, and she followed him into it, and up the steps and into the accident ward. She tried to add her strength to his and to help him catch the hand of the surgeon who bent over him and guide to the roll of notes. The doctor nodded, and, leaning over him, said.: "I'll take care of them for you; they are quite safe."

George sank back exhausted with a gasp of relief, and it was at that moment that May woke up, to realise that she was in no hospital ward, but in her own little bed. She was quite tired out. What a strange dream! She lay and thought about it a lung time. Then came the weariness of dragging herself out of bed, of getting up and dressing herself in her shabby dress, of going downstairs to a solitary, dingy breakfast. For father had not been home all night. That had very often happened lately, and she knew it meant misery. She sat and sighed, and wondered what she could do, and thought, now and again, of her strange and dreadful dream. W 'hat did it mean? Did it mean anything? No, she told herself, it meant nothing—only the distress of her mind, the confusion of her thoughts, her great anxiety. She had not yet decided how to spend her day, whether to go out and visit an old aunt—her only friend in all great London—roe whether to settle down to a morning of mending, when a loud knock came upon the door. There was something in that knock which told her that a dreadful event, had occurred, an event which concerned herself. She rose, and stood waiting. Would her father be brought in dead, or in some dreadful condition ? It was a messenger from the police in a different part of London, to tell her that he was dead ; that he had been murdered. In a few moments May, with her hat and cloak on, was going to him—or rather, to his body—it was the only thing she could think of to do. It was a weaiy, dreadfill, sad journey, from a suburb to a busy part of the town, busy, but sordid. ,May hardly spoke ; she was bewildered, she knew not what lay before her, nor what she ought to do.' As they walked down a dingy street, she heard EMIGRATION TO AUSTRALIA. her name spoken, and, turning, saw a friend of Mr. E. T. Scammell writes:—l left England at the this country, in tack to He had passed her, and then turned A .eC to overtake ier. Ifebeen dead friend, e l ' had be intothe order of last November on a visit to mortuary to look at the body of his dea friend, order to study on the spot the question of land settle- and now he saw the girl was going there. ment and the openings for suitable British emigrants; and, also, to tee how the new settlers from home, with "Don't go, Miss Wolvaston," he said, earnestly; a number of whom I had to do while acting as , "it is not necessary for you to do so—he has been Emigration Commissioner for Western Australia, were ' fully identified—and it is dreadful there. Come succeeding. In regard to the former, I find that the with me. I should like to talk to you." Government has adopted a broad slid excellent policy she of land settlement, which offers to the new settler lead her away from the mortuary. She was I exceptional advantages. For example, the Government is developing its plan of ring-barking forest areas exhausted and frightened, and hardly knew what she wished to do. Mr. Armitage was one of the suitable for agricultural settlement, and is willing,_ kindest in -- - ! other ways, to prepare the land for the settler. Full 1 among her father's few acquaintances, and particulars of the lands 0) en to selection will be I might be regarded as a friend in such a narrow and supplied to the intending emigrant, so that he may be friendless circle as theirs. He had sometimes able to choose the district in which he may prefer to ' helped Mr. Wolvaston out of a difficulty, he had settle, if not the actual selection before he leaves home. I often remonstrated with him privately on his ' This ellt enable him to secure the holding best suited 1 growing habit of gambling: he had pitied May's to the kind of farming he may wish to follow, without , forlorn life, and invited her once or twice to visit unnecessary. delay, and to have such, holding prepared i his wife and daughters. He was a head clerk in I for his coming, on liberal terms of repayment for the I the large business house in which George Dixon cost incurred by the Government on his behalf. j .. e..r . In regard to the settlers, I run pleased to know, by was a junior. ..i. .1. NVolvaston had once been a personal observation and intercourse, that all whom I rich man, a soma eqqal of the head of the firm, have thus far met and who Lave been in the State long and Mr. Armitage still looked up to him as a enough to understand rod appreciate the conditions of superior, and felt it a terrible thing that poor , 'success, are doing well. Among these are Mr. Josiah : young May, born to be a lady, should be sacrificed I Royle, his family ned friends who came from the Coble as she was by her father's reckless selfishness. Ile Valley and Halifax' and who have taken lend near the had been pleased to see the attachment between her Toolibin Lake, east of Narrogin on the Great Southern and George Dixon, who was a fine, honest, manly ltaileny, Western Australia ; Mr. and Mrs. Cass from Bonen, who are settled in the South Dumbleyung dis- . young fellow, sure to get on in the world. But trirt, east of Wegin, not far from Mr. Hoyle's, and Mr.; 11° what was obecome .. changed. In his kind yet practical mind, as they S. W. Copley, who came out to Australia years ago from the neighbourhood of Huddersfield. I walked down the street, a foremost thought was I The career of Mr. W. S. Copley, who was at one time whether, when all the trouble and distress was a barber's boy in the Huddersfield district, a fact of over, he should hike May into his house as which he is by no means ashamed, is n romance. Mr. ' governess to his younger girls. For he-knew her Copley went, when a lad, to America, where he got on to be thoroughly well educated and full of talent, well. Frcm America, however, he came to Australia, and he knew she could teach them' better than settling in Melt ourne. Here in various capacities be anyone else he knew. made some money, but at the bursting of the land boom "My dear child," he said, kindly, -"we must in Victoria 1900, he lost nearly every penny. He then have a moment ortwo quiet. want to prepare • I ' came to Western Aestralia apd landed at Fremantle eith the proverbial half-crown in his pocket. To-thy you for something. Come into this restaurant— it would to hard to city what he is worth. He has large there is nowhere else here where we can sit down." estates in the north-west, where be runs sheep and They turned into a doorway, and sat down at the cattle, and in the midland districts of the south-west, first table. The place was very quiet and empty, He proposes to prepare some of his lands for agrieul- for it was too early for lunch. Only a few people torah settlement and when they are ready be will pro- were sitting here and there, so that it was quite bably look to his old country to provide him with some possible to talk without attracting any attention. useful settlers. 1 Awa itrseossmecacnoiffeeefor orders, and Mr. Armitage These facts may be of interest to some of your readers ordered by whom itm peisons to whom I have referred may be „ ,ow known. Sheuld any further information be desired, "Not', , Miss Wolvaston," he said, "I want to this can he obtained from the Agent-general for tell you that there is suspicion of foul play in Western Australia, whcse office is at 15, Victoria- respect to your father's death. The police think street, London, S.W. i he was murdered—and it is thought there is a clue • :as to who has done the deed." . . 1 s

"Who could have done alien a dreadful thing?" said May. "it muat have been seine kind of accident."

"The doctor thinks it may not have been the !eault of an accident. There are signs of a itruggle, but the injury may have come from a !all."

As he spoke, and hesitated, May began to remember vaguely the horrible dream of the night, which, until now, had entirely passed out of her nemory.

"A struggle!" rhe said, and her lips grew even nore ashen, and she gasped as she repeated the vord.

Mr. Armitage, looking at her, was startled at be sudden change in her face, and wondered what .t meant. Why did this one word fill her with inch horror?

"With whom?" she asked, faintly. "No one knows for certain," said Mr. Armitage, glad that she had given him this opening for what as was waiting to say; "not for certain; but, of :came, the suspicion must fall on the person he was last seen with—especially as there was a piarrel. He had tried to get your father to leave the gaming-table—that was how it was he was with aim so late—and your father resented it. . Thcre was a quarrel, and they were known to be luarrelling as they went out into the street iogether and turned in the direction in which Mr. Wolvaston's body was afterwards found."

"And the other ? " asked May, speaking with the greatest difficulty. "George Dixon has disappeared," said Mr. Armitage. "That is the worst feature in it all. Disappeared, and with a large sum of money upon him, as I know. I have ascertained that it was in his charge yesterday, and that it has not been delivered ; and he has not been seen in his lodgings or anywhere else since the moment when he went into the street with your father." May had fainted. But she was only unconscious for a moment. She fell back in her chair, and her eyes closed. Mr.' Armitage sprang up in alarm, but before he could do anything she had recovered oonsciousness, as if by a great effort of will. "It was not George I" she said, opening the blue eyes full upon Mr. Armitage, and speaking quite olearly, and very positively. "Heaven bless you, child!" he exclaimed. "I'm ;thankful to see your eyes open again--you 'frightened me I" - "It was not George," she repeated. "I like to hear you say that so positively," he said, sitting down again beside her: "it is the way of a woman to believe in her lover against the strongest evidence. But it looks black about George. I must not disguise that from you. It is my duty to tell you so." May rose to her feet; she was not very sieady upon them, but there was a look of fixed resolu- tion in her eyes which showed that she meant to use what strength she had to its utmost. "You must help me' " she said, "for I don't know my way about London. I can find George if you will help me. I want a cab at once." _

Mr. Armitage rose up and gave her his arm, full of genuine gladness and good feeling. "Thank Heaven!" he k aid. "I am more thankful than I can say if George can be found and cleared from this dreadful charge." He led her out of the restaurant, and they walked a little way, till they saw a passing cab. Mr. Armitage stopped it and May got in. "Where shall I tell him to go P" asked Mr. Armitage. "To the largest hospital he can think of—anyone will do—l cannot tell him the name. We may have to go to several before I find the right one." She spoke quietly and with confidence, but all the same Mr. Armitage looked at her in alarm. However, he managed to convey his order to the cabman without letting him think they were going to drive a poor young lady about who had just gone out of her wits from grief and a great shock. He got in and sat beside her, glancing now and again at her half-averted, pale, thoughtful face. What course should he take ? He tried to form a plan, not very successfully. They drove up to St. Bartholomew s Hospital. May looked at the entrance, and shook her head. No, she said, that was not right. She would not get out of the cab. "Please drive to another hospital." This was serious. Mr. Armitage thought his 'really best plan would be to drive straight to a doctor whom he could ask to advise him. But before he could decide on doing this at once, it became necessary to give an order to the cabman; and, indeed, he was himself now so convinced that May was acting under a delusion that he really feared to oppose her till he had quite decided what to do, lest she should become violent! And at the present hour lie feared he should not find his doctor at 'lime. So he decided to drive about a little longer, according to May's wishes, and later on, when he should be sure to find the doctor in, to drive straight to his house. He began to think with some anxiety of his business engage- ments and duties, but his subordinates knew that he had gone out in order to identify Mr. Wolve.ston's body at the mortuary, and would conclude that his long absence was in consequence of matters in connection with this, so he could only go on and hope for the best. Ire felt that it was absolutely necessary to see May into some safe keeping before he left her, even if it took up his whole day. • They went to Charing Cross Hospital, and again she shook her head ; and then started for St. George's. She began to look about her at the streets in a strange, nervous way. "We are not in the right part of London at all," she said presently. "The streets did not look like this." They were turning into Piccadilly when she spoke again. "No," she said, "I am quite sure we are wrong. Do, please, tell him to go to a big . .

• • hosprtal in the midst of wretched small streets witg a great many poor people about." Dlr. Armitage got out of the cab and had a little talk with the driver. He did not wish the man to know the true state of things, nor did he wish him to come to the conclusion that be himself was a lunatic. It took all his tact and ingenuity to manage the conversation, and the man eyed him curiously. However, it ended in the horse being driven down towards Westminster. May leant back silent, watchful; she was evidently becoming very anxious, end Mr. Armitage feared she was getting excited. He writched her furtively the whole time. All her attention was now given to the streets they passed through; hut nothing seemed to really interest or attract her until they had crossed Westminster Bridge and were driving round the corner to the entrance of St. Thomas's Hospital. As they passed the starting-place for the South Lambeth tramcars she leant suddenly forward with a slight exclamation, looking out of the window at the side opposite the hospital; then swiftly turned and looked out at the hospital itself. They were just reaching the entrance. "This is it," she cried out, and began eagerly to try and get the door open, and succeeded in doing so before the horse had actually stopped. Mr. Armitage was in terror. He leant across . and seized her and held her. He might have known from the way in which she submitted to him that she was not out of her senses. "I shall not fall,"

she said, quietly, "I will wait till it stops. Olt, Mr. Armitage, I am so thankful to have found this place I I began to feel so hopeless." "Don't hurry," said Mr, Armitage. "Let me pay the cabmen, and then he need not wait for us." !Truth to tell he was very glad to see he had a chance of getting rid of this man who could not but think he had got a very extraordinary fare—no matter how tactfully he might be talked to. So he held Mary's hand fast in hie while be settled the claim made on him in a much more businesslike manner than the man had at all expected. Ile whipped up his horse and drove away, wondering what that queer couple could be doing at the hospitab.and regretting that he had not made as much out of them as he had expected to do. In fact, he was a wiser man than before, insomuch that he found he was not FO perfect a judge of character as he had thought himself to be. There was something about this queer fare that he did not understand. The cabman -disposed of, Mr. Armitage turned to face the difficulties of entering the hospital, which he thought might be considerable, for he saw that it was not the right time. But, to his great surprise, May, in a perfectly calm and decided manner, now took the lead. She spoke to the porter herself, and explained to him that they had come to see a young man who had, been brought in injured from a street accident during the night. She told him the business was urgent, and in such an impressive manner that he admitted them and sent a message to the house- surgeon. My. Armitage followed her when she led the way, completely astonished at the manner in which she spoke, and also at what she said—for how did she know about this accident—if she did know about it, and if there had been one? For he had heard nothing of it until now, and he felt it as moat probably a mere delusion of the girl's be- wildered brain—but for a moment, now and again, as he heard her sneaking with that confidence

%thich for the time being gives conviction. At one moment it seemed to him that he was follow- ing a mad girl, at another that this girl had never appeared so sane, 83 self-contained and sensible as she did now. It was very curious to pass through these transiticns of feeling, and was cp-ne a new experience in Mr. Armitage's prosaic life. But his sense of surprise, his anxiety, and . - apprehension were all as not 'ling compared to what May was herself suffering, cool and collected though she, seemed. Under that cool exterior she was quivering with fear lest her strange dream should lead her all astray. But she was quite determined to test it to the full. Nothing should daunt her till she stood beside the bed on which she had seen her lover laid in her vision of the night; she vowed this to herself and firmly held her trembling limbs and strained nerves in check. Not till she s'ood beside that bed and saw who actually lay there would she allow them to give way in the very least. Quietly she went on, following each direction given to her, speaking sensibly to everyone ; only when she encountered the house-surgeon suddenly did her nerve almost desert her. He was bending over tannething when he was asked to speak to her ; he lifted himself quickly and turned. That face was perfectly familiar to her. She had seen it bent over George's bed last night! She, could scarcely prevent herself from crying out "You know he is here. You have the money. safe!" but she controlled herself by a tremendous effort. Very quietly she spoke to him, and asked him to take her into the accident ward, saying she wished to speak to a young man who lay there, on most urgent business.. "Probably the young -man who was •run over," said the doctor, looking at her with interest, for the roll of bank-notes made him know that there was something special about this particular patient. "Poor fellow! J. am afraid he will not know you, even if you are a friend of his ; but come with me and we will-see."

They followed him, May's heart beating very fast, and Mr. Armitage full of a growing sense of excitement that was distinctly uncomfortable to a man who was accustomed to a monotonous and orderly life. In a very few minutes they stood beside the narrow bed and looked down upon a prostrate and apparently unconscious form. May fell on her knees beside the bed, and the doctor and nurse both stepped reverently to the other side, thinking she was praying for the life of the man she loved—they had no idea that her limbs had literally given way beneath her from sheer exhaustion and over-excitement, and that kneeling there with her face hidden at the side of his pillow she was as unconscious of the troubles and joys of this world for the moment, as was the man whose wan face lay upon it. Mr. Armitage stood and looked down very steadily at that same wan face. Then the doctor addressed him: "Is this the man you are looking for?" he asked.

"Yes," said Mr. Armitage. "It. is George Dixon, a clerk in the business house where I am chief cashier." He took a card from his pocket- book and handed it to the doctor, who looked at it and nodded. "We have been looking for him with great anxiety, for several reasons ; one, that he was in charge of a large sum of money." "I have a roll of bank-notes locked up in my desk," said the doer, "which he handed to me when he was brougat in. Of course, you know the amount and the numbers of the notes?" "Certainly," said Mr. Armitage.

"Then it 7you will come down-into my room we will go into that matter." De paused and looked at May's kneeling figure. The nurse bent over her and then lifted her up. "She has fainted," she said. • Every effort was made to restore her, but this time it seemed as if she scarcely would return to life. The tremendous and unnatural strain being over, shc lied Sunk completely under the effects of it.. - She was carried into the nurse's room and all possible attention given to her, but each time that consciousness seemed returning it deserted her again, and the heavy lids closed down upon the violet'. eyes. Mr. Armitage stayed beside her, thoroughly. alarmed. The more he thought about the experience he had passed through with her the more extraordinary and utterly unaccountable it appeared to him to be. How could she have known where George Dixon was ? Ile was asking himself this question over and over again when the blue eyes suddenly opened and looked straight at _ _

"How did you know where George Dixon was ?" he said at once, unable to restrain his curiosity any longer. She smiled very faintly, and answered, in a low voice, but a perfectly clear one : "I saw it in a dream—last night. I dreamt that I was with him —in that dreadful street—l stood between him and father in that dreadful quarrel—l was with him when he was run over—l followed him to the hospital. Thank Heaven I remembered it rightly and could find my way to-day!" "This is a strange story," said Mr. Armitage, who had never heard anything like it before. "A very strange one," said the doctor • "but we often hear strange things in a place like this." They said no more to May, for she was too exhausted to talk, and it was some time before she could be taken away from the hospital. Mr. Armitage and the doctor found the money to be all right, and. he went back to his office for a short time ; then he returned and found May sitting up and looking mop like herself. He found her very anxious to see George again. "Surely," she said, "he must be able to see us now, and would know us if we went to him? Do let us ask to see him again." Mr. Armitage went in search of the doctor and got the permission. They were again taken into the ward, and found George lying in a slightly different position, his eyes fixed on the door. He smiled feebly, but very brightly, when he saw May coming towards his bed. He tried to put out his hand to her.

- "1 knew you would come soon," lie said. "I have been looking for you all the time. May, I am anxious about your father. Do you know how he is ? He staggered and fell back when I left him, and I fear he must have hurt himself, but I didn't dare stay another moment. I wanted to get safe away with the money. I saw James Sadler coming down the street after us, and I hoped he would pick him up and look after him. Did he, do you know ? " Mr. Armitage leant across her. "Who is James Sadler? " lie asked. '`May knows," said George, faintly, for he was growing tired. "He was with us at the club and came out; directly after us." The nurse came to warn them that George must not talk any longer. They were advised to leave him for the present. Si) they went away, walking down the ward without a word, both absorbed in thought. But on the stairs Mr. Armitage turned to May quickly and said : "1 must find James Sadler at once. He can clear away all suspicion of foul play. There may perhaps be a chalice now that it need never even be suggested." • "I know where he lives," said May. "Father brought him to the house sometimes. But if he left father lying there it seems strange, doesn't it ? Why didn't lie do something for him ?" They funnel the man without much and he proved to be a mere idle, selfish acquaint- ance of Mr. Wolvastim's, who felt be had done all that could be required of him when he had found a constable and told him a drunken man was lying in a certain street. liat he had witnessed the struggle quite plainly as be approached, awl he was willing to te,tily that Mr. Wolvaston had certainly not been used roughly or been thrown down. lie had swayed back, caught at a lamp- post, steadied himself by it for a moment, and then fallen down helplessly as a drunken man does. He must have been injured in falling against the kerb. kfay slept that night as only the very exhausted do sleep ; a deep, trance-like sleep fell upon her, from which she woke refreshed and strong—and utterly amazed to find herself in a strange room. Mr. Armitage had taken her to his home, and she soon remembered, when she looked round, that she lay in the guest-room of his house. 'They were all very kind to her, and by degrees she recovered her strength, and her natural gay spirits returned to her. She is now a happy wife and mother; and every time the children gather round her they insist oz hearing her tell the story of her wonderful dream. She has had some remarkable dreams since then, but never ont which produced such results, or on which in 'much depended,

B 41 PILLS are warraated to care, In tither sex, ail acquired for conc.: tutional discharges from this urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. 'flee from mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 8.!. ewh, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. Ms LAHROIE and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt. TO MOTHERS —Mrs. Viftranow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mathers for tbeir children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as brigat as a button. of all Chemists Is. Ifol. —Advt.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Lila END.]

__ A 4d. bottle makes 'C. t °a 2 gal'ons of I deli r ee. rt. cious home-made Lemonade, Health In every .. ' . alp,refreshment ::. A-o, V,'wri.a In every drop. V** .4.-r V ' . . .. Lem'.. na,-fe

BABY BORN MT TERRIBLE ECZEMA

Which Spread Over Body, Head and Limbs —No Rest or Sleep for Mother or Child—Doctor Would Not Let Him be Bathed—Tiny Sufferer Grew Worse Every Day,

===== 0002601_19080613_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND A PERFECT CURE IN CUTICURA

"My little boy was born with his legs and the lower part of his body covered 'with eczema. I told the doctor about it. He gave me a lotion for it and told me not to wash the little one. I car- ried out my orders until his head, face and shoulders were covered with the humour. Then I informed the doctor that the lotion was doing no good. He gave me a different lotion and an oint- ment, but still insisted on saying not to bathe the baby. I used the remedies but he got no better. There was no rest, no sleep for baby or myself and I was worn out. Baby was very thin and seemed to be getting worse every day. I resolved to give the Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment a trial. I am thankful to-day that I did for one set cured him. He is as fat now and sleeps as well as any child of fifteen months and I still use Cuticura Soap for his bath. Mrs. Gauld, Oldboghead, Rothienorman, Aberdeenshire, Scot- land, Jan. 15, 1905." Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- cura Book cu Treatment of Skin Diseases.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SANATIVE

Antiseptic Cleansing Is Best Accomplished by Cuticura.

Women, especially mothers, find Cud- cum Soap, Ointment and Pills the pur-

est, sweetest and most ,------- s effective remedies, for preserving, purifying -I and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair and hands, for the treat- ment of inflammatory and ulcerative condi- v..\..... J. tions, as well as for re- storing to health, strength and beauty pale, weak, nervous, prematurely faded, run-down women.

Cuticura Remedies are sold throughout the world. A Single Set cften Cures. Depots: London. 27, Charterhouse Sq.: Paris. 5. Rue de la Paix; Australia, It. Towns & Co.. Sydney; South Africa, Lennon. Ltd Cape Town, etc.; U. S. A., Pottcr Drug d; Chem. Corp., Sole Props., Boston.

I\kk) J

===== 0002601_19080613_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NO RATS SEEN

SINCE USING

_ .. .-,L -..... DO! • , - K I D' r, PIL ac .u„ --, \ ~. • ~a,...„,,,„ ___1K,y.....1„ ..4,;i4i,' L DNE ..•rt...u-,-,..-,A-Tis iitd.A.o ct' ttli icturs.Discf,tr.4o i biaI3ETE S-13-c.010,.f THE DODDSab:ol3r4,t, c 23, FARR I"D arl,"' LON

===== 0002601_19080613_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
DANYSZ VIRUS

Discovered at the Pasteur Institute, Paris.

Harmless to other Animals and Birds. Single Tube 2/-, 3 Tubes 5/-, Post Free FROM DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., Box 292. Sussex House, 52. Leadenhall Street, LONDON. B.C. AND OF ALL CHEMISTS.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A4/4*. • , " .14 '• • . -• . BOOT -POLISHES

===== 0002601_19080613_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
4 I' V ir 1 " I Established A... ). 50 Years. • e r 411 aiWilbtV, - ....„,„ ....„,„ . '':g.l..,_rirt-ei•Siaar" . . . ."Really Wholesome Confectionery" —LANCET. A sweetmeat for all, and may be given • , with confidence to the youngest child. In paper packets arid tin boxes— . various sizes. Tlmufactory: London, w.c. . _ . • -

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19080613_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IJIZ6BIOOD9kTUPit

===== 0002601_19080613_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt oranuntr Otrus ißtsellantous, ng'ate, etre OP WEEK-END NIIWSPAPBBS COMPRISES : I QUEER& SOCKS, Lisle Silk, lid. per pair.—LovE a Co., WARRINGTON aMID-CHRSHIRIS EXAMINBIL 235 High Holborn, London. I. published every Saturday morning. The principal ! and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Yi'arrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lvmm. Ac., being one of the Largest and Bast Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mil-Cheshire. ITHE RUNCORN RICAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest lanalties tO Advertisers.

PIIIIS BY NIGEIT.-24 sp:endid glued post cards, 33: P.O. —LAZAHE, 26, Ella Ntex.

00T011 TWI7XI3B, latfi . designs, at mill prices ; patterns LY free.--Ser.sx. 5, Duncsn Place.Leitb.

LB3. DIA, Coffee, or et).101. 54.—V.LuGsas, 22 0 Wellington it., Bradford, Blanchester.

TAICK'S Beetle Paste immediate death 81. or Is. 2.1.—A. DICK & Co., 18, Courthill, Lewisham.

rrHE WDNH lIXAMINIfiI published every Saturday -I_ morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town In the Kingdom, and Is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rpm EARLESTOW lir AND NIIWTONi riX&ITINEIII. I. published every Satarday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Farlestown, Neaaton-le- Willows. Goltiorne, Haydock, Lowton. tee The district thus oovinria3..l. 13 II most ,Important part of the Lancashire coal- fields.

- UOLDING PANAMAS.—Dive plait, 13s, ;la4li, 15s•— Lovz Co., 235 High Hollmn, London.

T" ST. lIRLIINS BRA.VINER, puhlisned every Saturday morning, circulating in Mt. lielens. Preacot, Parr, Sutton. Peasley Cross. &a • -the centre or the, Glare, Cherni2a and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERT ISEM ENTS. APAATItENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APA.RTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE ,01,Tp. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOuS WANTS. ARTIOLESIEGUND. MISOULANEOUS SALES.

One '','. Three Rix Thirteen iTords. Week. Week. Week e. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. r 27 ... Os. 9d. ... 1.. 10d. ... 3s. 01. ... ss. Cd. 38 ... Is. Od. ... Es. 61. . Is. Od. ... S. rd. 45 ... Is 3d. ... 30. Id. ... 5.. Od. ... is. 04. Is. Bd. . 31. Sd. ... 61. Od. ... 10s. Cd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestft OtrbantO, ett.

WANTIM, GOOD GENERAL SERVA.:S7.—AppIy Gnovz HarEL, Trylde i., Preet^n.

AVA IV TAD, good GANtift&i, ; reference rcguired.—Apply IVINDsIn essTr..6 Horm Sto2kport.

("ABYSMAL (good), age 20 to 24 ; good reterence.—Apply 1..7 CORNBROOK Lone?, Cheater rd, Manchester.

WD, good GRNBRAL ; Housemaid kert.—Apply Mrs. .LSLOR, Oburcs,i Vnd, Hale. Liverpool.

Av'ANTRD roocl GTOIHRAL able to egoic. Good wages to a suitable person.—Apply BATLEY Ybsr, Warrington.

ANTBD, a good MINIMAL, Rbout 20; abte to w*th.— VT PACK tfoxBE HOTEL, Lamberhead Green,Wigan.

IVIN Money by following It! !—lnformation of Sloan's', Prloe j The. Ifiy e oo3aslonal wires, 101.— MELTON, 73 Great Thornton it., Hull.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
viTANTIin good reliabl.s GRZ43REL—L for small f Mrs,PALIN, 44, Bebingtort rd., New Ferry, Cheshire.

WAN NM for publics geod MINERAL for all duties; wages 7s.per week.—WooDALL,Seven Stars, Leylatid,Preston.

WANTED. at once, LAUNDRY-MAI D (elngle-handed). Addrest, "Alb full particulars, W., Fron Hall, Mold.

NvA Nft,Tcaß agsohoe;l TGe Net eft:, ; liATClll:awrllklye ;clMl7oivee txt3i3onult Cheshire.

WANTIiD good 6mrvAsT —69, weekty, Mr!. MATOIDXX, V Confectioner. 421, Warrington Rd., Goose °roan, Wigan.

COOKS and uOOK-GEINERALS. Two fa-m. lionse%eepeat ts liber t y ELECT REGISTRY, 8, Market it., Ashton-under Lyn.

AN7PP, experienced G2NERAL ; able to cook and WISP ; three in family ; referencee.—Apply, Mrs. r• ARROWPMITII, Ibe Villa, astley.

A, 'AID (Usefrl) wisheo Situation. Know:edge I/rm- ./IL maklng. Fold of children. Seltswornan, age 21.- 17. LarICHART, I?, Abb-y et., Paislwr. N.B.

WANTSP, experienced G1V.011.11.L ; t cook and wash ; gond chs,ac'er.—lnPlT Mrs. UPtSWOR CH. Sankey Chapel House, near Warrington.

WVANTED, MINERAL, who can cook, for June 23 ; one child ; good references ; no registry need apply.— EcTsn. Victoria rd., Latchfor,', Warrington.

VI7 NTBD GENERAL ; country girl; two in family; 23-E5 ; neat appearance ; good references.-27, EtrerasemiNt AVENUE, Belton Park, Liyerpo3l.

VI/ANTED, HOUIPMAID-WAITHRSA and KITCHEN- If MAID ; small faintly ; three maids ; good reference tecessary.—Mr. Woope, Woodside, Hale, Cheshire.

VYANTxD, HOUSIMAID-WILITtieSd arrt COOK- GI:NUFLU, or CIIINFOUL ; about Juno 23r.1 ; refe.- ence required.—Mrs. DR,.vaR, Prortanacte, Folth:vvt.

IS 112181)/aLti.'3 NICK, 11105ISTRY, 11-e Palatine, LVI Faliowfield, Manchester, requires number reliable Maids. Superior servants quickly salted. Situations waiting.

Al US DUTTON atiQUIRRS PLikiN 0 )OKi, House- .: _I maid-Waitresses, under servants ami superior Generals. Town or Conntry —39. DICICZNBON RD., Rushed:lie Manchester.

ANTBD at once Mother's Help, mud help with all V househnid duties ; sae ; state wages and ref..rencea.— AIM WEBBP, Church View, bilahton, near Blackburn.

113/ ANTBO. good middle-aked SIiftVANT Wo3lllf. One V wbo tmeleretande milk and butter preferred. Good wages to euitahle woman.— Mrs. POPE, Bell's Yarn. near Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
AIVIRD„,-,ond plain COOKS, Waitresses. Huusemaide, 1 House-maid-Waitresses. Kitchen, Betweens and mans, superior Gentrals.—Mrs. EEADb' SELECT REGIETRT, u bolaie, Manchester.

NVA NeriTcr Doi JCuloso.KeileßrlpilorßaenaclisclpHreofuersree-dP.a colroumrmotabidt and daughter ; two In Joww., Dunedin, Borwith. Bolton, Lancashire. _

WANTED at once good plain HOUSEKEEPER for working-man ; all duties ; three children. 9, 12 and shoot 50 years of age.—Apply RELTBEI RELFJEID, Lower Fold, Aehton-under -Lyne.

QirIiVANIS ItitGISTISY.—GUNICHAL'i and COOK- -1.7 GRIMALS wanted at one,. Goad characters essential. Stooped envelope for reply.—Mrs. BROWN, The Laurels, Woo,,land Colwyn Bay.

VrTANTBD Capable CiBBHitAL able to do plain cooking. Email family', no children ;no washing. Must have good references.-218.—Apply Mrs. HALL, Mc,sley Common Vicarage, Boothstown, Manchester.

SRkVANTb' EGIST2Y BUSlfilshfi on sale as going concern ; 12 years connection, ewy rent. With or with- out furnitnre: snit young couple, or widow.—BLLTER'S CF.NTEAL REGISTRY, Bradford. Yorkehlre.

par tut rObips, 36u5itterS5e5.

SVllt.llP's bueinesa for sale, retiring. Haab. NJ 50 years.—lizga, 8 Tontine at., Swansea, 8. WAle..

WARDROBB BLNINgiS to be disposed of ; good chunce for energetic eonp'e.—Apply T. CownEra., Business Agent, Legh 0., Warrington.

P OULTRY PALM for disp•sal near Warrington, moierste rent; grand chance for suitable person (nice inventory), price £115.-CowDELL,Bueloese £gent,3l, Ugh st.,Warrington

INBAT little CHIP.FISHI and TRIPS BUeINBSS,43, Cart- wright et., Warringtm ; spienlid fittings and fixtures, cost over £2O • will secrlfi33 for £l4, Iiving.—COWDELL, Business Agent, 31. Ugh st., Warrington.

I'3 UIC 1-1 HUS. H ilt.-31eas rapldiv-grossing Suburb. Hand- sorrels fittet Shop. Good home Doing genuine trade between £35 and 240. Top prices. linormons scope for smart roan. Prhie £175. including Horse and Carr.—Apply BOXE. 29 Caledonian rd.. King's Cross, London.

IEIOII DM.° IA.L as a GOING CONCERN, the old _IL established wholesale Grocery and PfOVISiOII Business- carried on for the plot 45 years at 14. Buttermarket at., Warrington, under the style of N. B. Percival and Co.—P...r furttv.r particulars apply to JOSEPH RIGBY WILLIAMS, Chartered A.ec ,untant, 45, Sankey Ir., Warrington, or to ARNOLD War#ois, Chartered Accountant, 155,C0rn Exchange, Manchest.r.

DO YOU WALT 10 SELL your 81151D6411 ?—lf so,oonsult Mr. CoynelA, &nine's Agent. Leah at.. Warrington

Izlorges.lßow3', Elbe gl--toth &t,

GIVING UP.—Eight Cart and Light Lurry HORSAS and M 9HIIF ; sound end gcod workers ; trial allowed ; 813 to VO ; lurries, Carts, and Gears otleap.--3. TIMER, 13, (lowers at.. lintwistle rd.. ReChdale.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
OEO be Let.

PItSIKBTIL—COTTiIGES, 2s. Ed.. and 2e. Ed., ter week. IdILL STBEBT, OFFICKS,ground floor. Also upper rooms. SHOP, 35,PINN/41Iii BROW, 7s. 6i per. week. 2 Storey high WARIIRCUSB, BROBST MEET, off Eankev Street. EIS per year. 50, CHORLEY STREW', refit 4s. sd. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. I Bank-street War ngton. Telephone—No 55.

rro Llir 17, POLL Y LANl3.—Apply WOODS it SOS J. Solicitors, Horeemarket Street, Warrinaton.

11 CUSH TO LliT, 46, Walton rd.. t tockton Heatb, near tram ; bath ; rent £l6 lO.—Apoly 18, GROVE BT. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PTO LHT.—GOOD HOHSF, Hopwood-street ; 3 bed- -1 rooms ; rent 5. 6d. —Apply ROODS AND SON, SOUCItC+III. jlorsemarket St

TISBWEIBY tiTEHET.—Good SHOP and HOUSH attached ccntalnlng ILI When, saullery, cellar, ac. ; 4 bedrooms immediate ['mansion ; rent ;ow.—App'y to CHABLIti lissatair, 6, King et., Wartingtoo.

MENEM STRIIBT.—OORNSK SHOP, with dwelling- house attached. containing sitting-room, kitchen, scullery. 3 bedecrorni ; house msn be suo-let,—Apply to CIARLIte HICALEY, F, King it., Warringon.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
T ADM Permanent Black Seamlees Hose, 9d. pair pot 1.1 free. Grand v ilue.—D &wising, sly, Cambs.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
LUMP MIRRORS.—QUANTITY FOR DISPOSAL, at very low prleet.-17, Gar ANCOATEI ex., Mancheeter.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTtlti WHISKY.--.Sample bottle 3a. 63.. two Bs. 31., six 18s., csrriao NEILSON'ii, KIRKCUDBRIGHT.

ADlEts. SHOES at Half Priee. Stamped address for _,LA List.— MANAGER, 105 Heiccornan rd., Wellingborough.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
DATNT POCKET ADDING MACHlNl4.—Greitt briln 1. SAVCt. 2s. 6d. post, free.—rEARSE. Ampthill rd..Bedtord.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
c WHITH.F&ATHER SlOLlt.—Long,Fall. Worth tld• JD. 12s. 6.l.—Kotruczmt.,Langley rd., :Small (loath*

===== 0002601_19080613_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING PRltcliNTS.—Damask Tablecloths 25.11 d. ; splendid shezts 4.. 9L vair.—Kaassea, 15, Bolsover it., London.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
DISOS Standard Phonogrmpli and small Trumpet and .12.4 20 go)d Record,.—F. zr. 7, Tilney st , Park Lane, Londcn, W.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
2/ —LuVSLY GBU All6l 1-.OFA-01.1311103- - SQUARII. Hand-p.inted Cleautis.-43m1Ta, 63, Jestie ru., Souttisea.

SHOPPING BY POST.—Write for illustrated catalrgue ; tent ;•ost free from pOPKI3B DARR DRAPERY SToliEt., Duncan it., Leeds.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Ui hINKLISB Remured ; great beauty's genuine. original recipe;YT bEASELL, 58, Burcot rd„ Meersbrook, Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ILRJ Why run risk of Fire? Protect your house and property for 2:4.—Eartiouiars from Fintra.NT Co., Rocky lace, Aston, Birmingham.

PAINT, 56 Good Brown Paint ready for nee 91. 6d. carriage paid. Cash with order.—Ds.vis LTD., Mapire at., Faint Mills, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO., PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS; BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. CATALOGUES for Public and Private Library BEVY SSY SIRRRT WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080613_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
,

I ADIHS PHYSICAL CULTURE MILTS, 3. lid. etty _IJ size ; Support+, 21. lii.; carriage paid.— HAIM sap, Draper, Harrogate.

110313-MADIS SHIRTS made to oraer from 21. 6d. to 6s. 6d. Patterns and prices post free from L. FRI3E. Outfitter, liorrabridge, Devon.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
sPONGH CAKH and Cake Flour. The best on the market Is the " Ideal" Band.—Write for samples.— Hircacomc, Hattleadon, Suffolk.

[)OT Free Postcards P. 0. D Ed. 6d. ; Selitoning 3s. 6d• 1. 100 • once used alwa7s used; sampled six stamps. PHILIP.. 'Chemist. Tunbridge Wells.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
-PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how 0 use them. Post free. Send for one.—TßTmotEix, The Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd , Cardiff. Established 1879.

PAT&NTIM INVIINTIONI BRING FOHTUNdI9.—If you watt Relatitance In Patenting or Selling, write fully. —Pat:rotor, 18 Ladysmith avenue, Ilford, Essex.

A S an Advertisement I will post you free a tirst-clasa extra ti bollow-ground tiazor. to equal any ao!d at bs. 6,1 , tar Is. &I.—HARRY TURNER, Cutler, Intack, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTB.—Direct from the factory at sensational prices for 14 eays only. Sample mit To. y 'or doorstep. Send for list.—lfaintarr. Dep., 2, 79, Victoria at , St. Albans.

1 ADM GOLD, WATCHRS FllßE.—Genuine offer; no 1J competition, selling or canvassing Sent 6cl.pastage An registration.—Corrnan,Comverm, & Co. 101 Bishop lane, !Fill.

VOTIINGH/01. L&CIZ.—A monatre parcal of Valen- ii Torebons, &e.. Lace and inaertiod, for le. or 25., carriage paid•—L TAYLOR. 9 Wentworth rd.. Sherwooi.

WONDIIRFUL DISCOVRRY —Send for the ORFORD Li TRUSS ; no diseonafort ; will fit any meaturerw nta ; pnrticolars on application. Agents. —Curnice, Chemist,

===== 0002601_19080613_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
FRUIT DRINK'', CORDIALS. SYRUPS.—ilancheoter ; Old-established ; vary profi'able ; £lBO everything; receipts worth more.—Box 5315, c/3 Sinn/tow THATCHZR, Holborn Place, London, W.V.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
QHBFFIBLD CUILEBY.—No navellers 1 Ho A gents U J Buy direct. Ivorlns-han4le Table and Dessert Knives, 4e. 6d. and 41. half dozen. Hxceptloual value.—.!. DhIFT Co., l. Woodhead rd.. ,heffield.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
lIAY AND CORN BARN n S —Dizo's Steel and Iron Slards are the most ecooomicAl and efficient, and stye their cost In very few years ; cstalagnes fres —I9ALC DIX3N & Co., Windsor Ironwork., Edge Hill, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
• itiatritnonn

3nveistments, g'hare, Brt.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
10 PISS °BHT. YBEt ANNUAL—Write nurzersticisr, 57, Queen Charlotte it.. Bristol.

*tottlss, ftparos, Zoarbing Ctab.

11110131,PAST.—YORK HOTRL, Great George's al reeil. LI Every accommodation for.tuurista ; bed and breakfast b. 6d. ; for week, reduction.

DRGAN WY (near Llandudno). —Comfortable APART- MONTS ; homely, terms mJderate ; central.—Mrs. KENYON, 5, Stamford rd., Degsn

===== 0002601_19080613_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OW, VonItrp, eft.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
L41E1.46.-61 ver splogl,d HadEitlitriti idb} id, from _CI cockerel winner 6 firsts and hens of equil merit, no better living, 3s. 6d. sitting.—Hozat is, 183,01 d rd.,gtockport.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ft uttulturat Pro Duct, tilaPtss, Bzt

fIaL6ITY PLINTS, ls. per V.O. Ts. 6d. per 1,030.—W. Jogissozs, Olazebury Moss, nr Manchester.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
rrOMATOBS TOMATOBS I Special Fertiliser, astound- ing results ; recipe Is. ; ready prepared 9.1. per lb TomATogx, 22, Burns Avenue, Usage& Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
f/ouseo anti taut on 'ae.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
- cx BLUR HOBS% LATCHFOAD on Sa!e or to be 1.) Let ; vety sultable for oontractor,eoal dealer or laundry businesc—Apply F. DOBSON, Blsok Beer House,

===== 0002601_19080613_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Manta.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WOAK IN KVBW TOWN.—Sult Youths.—Mr. A., 113 Chesterton rd., London, W.

L'A.RN 15s. weelsly, nu canvassing. svritlng only. Stamped 1".1 envelope.—WALKKß, 69, Hoole st., sllefSeld.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
0410SFIBLD'3 SOAP WIIS.PrERS EXOHANCIRD.— ki WILLIAM Saiwicir, 21, Buttermarket at, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, Duck, Goose. Turkey, and Chicken Feathers.— BELL, Feather Merchant, 1, Coburg rd., London. S.E.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Al ILK MILK t—Wanted, a Dairy of wall-3301ed Milk.— AIL Particulars, IY. T. DERBYSHIRE, 131, Heywood at., Cbeetham-laill, Nanobester.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WAN rno YOUISQ. MAN with experience, Si Chauffeur, willing to help In garden.—Apply by letter only, WOODSIDE, Hale. Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Tti, AP ADVIIIITIBIPVINT Ull.sll7A.3SlCii.—Entlrely 11l Hew Production. Good term.. Capable men.— OVERLAND MAP Co., Leicester.

IainIIOFITABLH Evening Hcaployment ; either sex ; no canvaesiNg ; work osn be done at hlrrie ; Btamped enveiope.—LaTnam, 148, Newhall at., Burnley.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
CLLHAt MATHELNI VI HOS Per&L, Jeffreys id. London. —Training in Midwifery nod Monthly Diuralog (3 month.); Fee E3l; Immediate. —3 ECIINTLIVY.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
GNIOR ItkPOUTER W,kfiltClill—klust be turned 16, and 13 have a knowledge of dhorthlnd. Good opening for a smart youtb.—Apply by letter to EDITOR " liaaminer," Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IRO tral

===== 0002601_19080613_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ORR FlT.—Remit le. and try my Cure.—FIELD, c/o Iliggins, Ration et., Cockermoutb.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
()VOLS.—Natures cure for Indigestion and Wind free.—DODRIDGF. Chemist, Wooiston, Hants.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
QtlFletifilittS from bore Fees remit is. for remedy.— K.) clo Higgins, Efiation st., Cookermouth.

BFACKPOOL.—Best and most reasonable accommodation at Mrs. IllommEr'e, 98, Alien rd., near Central Station and Promenade; publid or private APARTMHNTS. Piano.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
CORNS. Certain ewe. 80 per tin poet ire. Ihe North Cress Corn Solvent.-10. ' TIMBERLAKE, 57, North Oro's rd., R. Dulwich.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
QANTAL Wood Oil Capsules. Fl•iest mule ; certsin core 13 Poet free, 23. 91. Ler bottle (under cover) ; four for De. —BOWLING, Chemlst, Pembroke Cook.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
GRBAT LONDON CURN.—Headach, Neuralgiß, and muscular pains banished. My renowned Tablets. ls box.—Lnwrr, Chemist, 13 lillburn Park rd., London

===== 0002601_19080613_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Ur/UNARY DISORDIIRS, however chronic, prornptiy Cured by Repon's F.medy, price 41. 63. Particulin Id.— RfiPON Co., 23 Godolphin rd., nhepherd'a Bulb, London.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
STRIKING POSTERS Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking displaon Hoardings and walls. JOHN WALKER & CO., Bewsey St., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OtatratLon.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
IHUBJH STHBTI ON. —PAYING GUBSTS received ; ‘...) tennis, croquet, drives ; terms moderate.—Plnn, Hope Bowdler.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Li LASDUDN L—PAHADH 110T1L ; near pier, pavilion prom. and Happy Valley ; tptele.l terms for Whitson.-- Mrs. LINTON, Proprietress.

y LANDUDNO.—BILLMOI':AL PRIVATE IiOTSr,, Trial—Cy LA square (2 minutes from sea and station) ; terms Fs 6d . per day ; billiards. Telephone 28%?.—Mrs. 13. BIRBOW.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
P liftlN-EIIiADDA BOARD OUSIS, facing sea and gait links ; large frutt garden ; Inclusive terms, 265. weekly, or 4s. 6d. par day.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
POHT 11111 N.—BAY HOTHL, charmingly situated on the margin of bay. Tariff from 7s. 61. per d4y Inclusive.— HOWARD WILLIAMozc, Proprietor.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
stBISHY HYDRO, ISLH OF MAN.—llea! winter II; residence; extensive grounds, golf, billiards; brine and other baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Q °ARBOR() CIGH.—APPIIR HOUSII. 30, 1...7 Blenheim terrace; fscing tea, from ss. per day.-- 4x.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SWITZHHLAND, Huessnacbt (Lake Lucerne),Hotel klejour closed lake, large grows's, tenni., Pensions from 5 frs.

IS LB OF MAN.—Comfortable AYABTSINNTN, near glen and railway; moderate terms.—Mrs. GRIMM, Ballavyre Farm, Colby. frESWluK.—Apartments or Board Residence, Lakes, 11 Mountains, besuttful scenery ; moderate.—Losnox VILLA, B encathra et.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WAST KIBBY.—High-olass BOARD FINS IDBNO3. —Mrs. ALSTON, 15, Park rd.

L Alin DISTRICT. —Superior furnished APAIMIENTd pleasantly situated nett Lake Dement water.—Mrs. CiaMEN, Clarence House. Keswick, Cumberland.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
gpartments, ,furnisberi /lottstsl &t

===== 0002601_19080613_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A FIRRYSTWYTH —Comfortable APARTMStITS, moderate te,me ; five minutes from sea and two from sthtlon.— JENKIes, Brynblida, 13uarth rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A MLWClf.—briperior FURNISHED APARTMENTS ; L 1 nice situation ; near sea and station.—Mrs. OSTYN HVANS. Bull Bay rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
AN4LBSEY.—APARTCIIIITS, sitting and two bodrooms e'ose to Ebro e.—JoaEs, The Yard, Bed Wharf Bay.

A FICILMSRY, Ellan Bay.—APA.ItrYFINTI to Let, close to shore and town.—ROBERTS, Tin--Bryn, Llano Wan, Amlweh, Anglesey.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
A GLISEPIY. —Well-furnish- d APARTAIRS VS with or /t without board. Three minutes walk from shore.— WALLACF, Barrington House, Cemaes Bay.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOLElSBY.—Conutortabie Furniqhed APARTMENTS 11 with or without board; good cooking and attendance. —GRIFFITHS. Bryn Paltig, Canaan Bay.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
A PARIMBNTS.—Sea View, Beactly Read; moderate terrns.—Mrs. SIMMONF, 4, Mercator', Bast Ascent, St. Leonard's-on-Sea.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BARMOUTH--APANTSIENTS : every comfort; close to sea; terms moderate.—Roseirre, if rosta.

Bmourtr.—APARTIIENTS, close to sea, charmicg scenery; highly recommended.—WlLLLtata,l, lipworth terrace.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—EIORTH SHORV.—Comfortable APART- MENTS ,near sea and Promenade.-201, WARBbscx RD,

BLACK POOL.—To be Let, convenient FURNISHED HOUSE ; good position .—Bomort, 6, Birley at., Blackpool.

BLAIDKPOOL.—IIarr. °COPS% 24, Wellington lerrace, Prom. APALLTiIIH3TI3, Public and Private; board optional ; piano.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
_BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTSINN L'3 with or without board. Near Talbot Road Station.—B. Morme, 24. Elizabeth it. •

BLACKPOOL.—APARIMICSTB le. eAch person, attend- awe included. With board 41.—L1ra. Tuartzu, 146 Central Drive.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PLACKPOOL (B.)—Board, public or private; APART- aJP MENT. Moderate ; minute ima.—Paorte & PHILLIPS, 32, Alexandra rd.

LAWCPOOI, bTorth.—Comfortable APAIITAISNTS or Board-Recidenee, near sea ; bath, h. and c.—BiLsesa Safinl, 42, ()arab-oton rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
DLAUKPOOL, 9.9.—Pub110 and private APARTMKNTS Bo+rd optional. Terms moderate. —Mrs. TAYLOB, }Smiley Villa, 31., Alexandra rd , Promenade.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
DLACKPOOL.—Superior APART:iII:ON-TS ; public private; board optional ; tercel moderate.—WHAßToN, Fara- sbavr House, 49, Resa's rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
DLACKPOOL.—SuperIor APARI M & IS, cverlooking Winter Gardens; terms moderate; mar sea .—Mra. WOODCOCK. 75, Adelaide it.

fLACKPOOL.—Mre. RUMAT. Watley House, 8, Hull rd. 1 APARTMENTS, opposite Central Station Excursion. Platform ; minute sea, ',fano.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APRralliNT3. near tea, South Shore Stations ant cars ; terms molar ite.—Mrs BAILEY, 3, Wolsley rd., SoLth Shore, Lytham rd., Blackpool

===== 0002601_19080613_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CIOLAITS SAT.—Permanent or otherwise.—Neir aes, V station and golt IIairs.—OLLNDULAS. Prinee's Drive.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
POLWYN BAY. —Comfortable APARTKONTS ; piano; kJ near station and pronenada.—HvAxi, ligbastoa. fiell rd.

CIOLWYS HAY.—Clomfortable APARTMEINTS, close t 3 V promenade and station. plealantly situated, every con- Tenlenee.—Tnozw. Newlyn House, Princes Drive.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
flUMßßElLAND.—Uomfortsble *PARINI IMPS. sitting- kJ room, two bedrooms, batn ; min and mountain air. POSTLETHWAITIni Prospeot House, Haverty, near

===== 0002601_19080613_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
/370LISTS.—Clood AOCONMODATION at lowest term V at 9. MIDLLIC QIUME es., Chatter.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
gpartmentO, lurni,:sbeb 3400t5, &t

===== 0002601_19080613_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLASL—Comfortable AP N Vd. private louse with or without board.—REATJN iloneE, Brunswick rd. (Near cable tram.)

===== 0002601_19080613_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
fl OUGIAd.—Eled an bre +Vast 29. 6t. Fall board 41. fid. Bede (2 persona) QUIYLE, 27. Pzel rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
,ouGLAs.—Mrs, DILA Kingswood Grove Select quiet I • APAELTaiIiNk.,, with er without baud ; central, moderate term'.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
\ OUGl.46.—Twu minut.s from prorn made. Full board, 43. 61. Beds, 12s 6d. per week (two persons) —fare. CIAwrILLL, 61, Victoria place.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
VLEDIWOOD.—HomeIy APAIITMENI:3, °lota to sea.— WHITEHEAD, 9, Dryden rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
HELEIM—PERMANIIN2 APA.‘tTMIiN IS, betutifully situated on hill side ; terms moderate. References excbanged.—Address W.T.lC.,"Baanalner" Offize, Warrington.

rJIOLIDty ROtni or ClA.ll".—Bed and Board weakly LL from 1 gulnel.—Pro;peotus anl terimonlals from SECRETABY, Y.M.CLA , Birpharn Lodge, Blaokpool.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
HOYLAKB.—Oomfortab!e homely AFAUTII/41.8NT8 , MU), plane, Ac,; near shore.-11cordeoir, 8. Fe-ndale rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
lllSLAlliD.—Eieaslde Apartments near fie weastle ; splendid .1 view of Mourne Itmi.tslns and sea.—For terms apply P. Pi UGHNT, dnnalong, i-ounty Dawn.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
I LANGOLLBS.-00MFORFABL1J Front rooms to Let.— Li Mrs. J.:ltt 8, Holly Bank, Glyndyfrdwy, Llangollen.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LLANUOLLMN.—Part of Farm h,nise ; TTINCI-ROOM, kitchen, p notry, two bedroom.—DAme, Penyblawcid Farm, Pentren wr.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
LLANOOLLUN.—Comfortable APARUIRNTS ; two bed- rooms and parlour. Accommodation for cycliite.—Misa JONEB. River Vies's'.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LANDUDNO.—APARTM3NTS. Minute frozn sea and _LJ promenade. Terms moderate.—Lew, Et. Elmo, Victoria Avenue (late of St. Helens).

===== 0002601_19080613_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LANDUDNU &afield, Bast Pam-le.—Hord residence. or private Apartments ; splendid positlon ; sea front ; highly recommended; moderate inclustvetermd.—N. KNIGHT. ENAI Bridge.—FURNISEIBD or Apparta2euts ; 2 I,l_ entertaining, 5 bed rooms, ; beautiful scenery : terms moderate.— airs. PAIIHY. Preswylta, near Menai Bridge.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
OBLFIIII BY, ANGLBY.—Furnishel House cr 1.11 APAR Cala/ ; elore to sea; bathing, fishing; tering moderate.-31rs. OSTEN , Arfryu.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
EMI LL&NDUDSO.--Sitting and two Bedrooms ; country 111 and seaside, minute from electric 05r; terms mßierate. —BRYN ()GwEN, Beni layn.ide.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
XIBW 135141-ITON.—Superior At'Att'EMIINTS, with or 1.1 without board ; close to station and ferry ; moderate terms.-10, WELLINGTON ED.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
eIiTBRD.--Furnisbed Apartments, with or withoot board, central situ :Bon, near the sea. every comfort, terms very moderate. —VILLA. BeLL VuE,93 Rue litiphrosine Beernaert

===== 0002601_19080613_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
DUN hl ANNBIAWit N.W.—Highly--ecommended APART- IiaIiNTS, In own grounds ;cen ral ; moderste terms. —A . RICI/ARD9, Brookside.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Psa, LLHELI. N. Wl..—Conafortable A PAHA' 'd SNl`i close to saa. golf, fishing. Moderate terme.—Jomte, " Carlton '' Cardiff rd.. West End.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
DHYL. - Comfortable APARTSIIHNT?, Emir atatlou and 1.11, promrnade.-54. ADELAIDE TERRiCr, FryIMOIDOODW rd.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
kMM.—Comfortable APART ET, ore minute Bea mil marine lake; good cooking ; moderate terms.--Mr. 13.kaserr, 9, Lake avenue.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
RHYL.—Comtortable A PAttriti till id. near se'; loot clotting and attendance ; terms moderate.--tdrs. L. E. JONI% Croydon /louse, 3, Abbey et.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
, HYL.—Chunfortable APARTSIHNT6, close promenade Ct. end station ; pleasantly situated ; terms moderate ; mountain view.-23, CHIDICENT RD., Rini.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
HYL. —Minuts's walk promenade, excellent cooking, boma comforts, baths, well recommended; very moderate terms (Inclusive).— Illrs.lioYr, HO3OlOB, tisndrin gham avenue.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
QOITTIi PORT. JACKSON. 63' Virginia 5t.; moderate terms ; piano. Cycles stored.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LOUTHPORT.—Uomfortable rA.ILT dIINTd near pier and 1,3 illuminations ; bath; piano ; terms moderate.—Mrs. DANIEL., 45, Welt it.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
QOUrHPOR r, near Ithuninations.—Hom ely APART- MROTTS ; b‘th and piano; terms moderata.-11 re. LocKerr, Raatbank it.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCTIIPOnT. —Mrs. SKIRROW, 96, Kensington rd.. 4 minutes station. Comfortable A PAR !NTf36. beds 2s. nights, board from 3s. 9d. day.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
QT. ANNRS.—APARMIItiTS, or Furnished liouie.—Miss WILSOF, 38. St. Dsvid's rd , S.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
QT. ANDIFIE-05'.33C—Central APARTMIINTS.--Nire. WOOD. Itifilewood, St. Alb‘ree ed., W.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
t,,,ZT. ANNE'S-ON-IBC—Comfortable APARTNISFIPS, / public cr private.-61re. Lishotio&Vz9, Le l Hurst, 12, St. Patrick's rd., South.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
rpADDINGTOF, Duaton.—Oomfortab!e private APART- ' MRNTS; reduced terrns at once ; spccial rates for parties —Mts. N. F. F.:dc, Jun., Lane Heads Cottage.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
rpllE DOON, near Kirkcudbright.—Seven A PAISTMENTS ; finely situated on fa bore ; July onwards; moderate. Miss Dictum

===== 0002601_19080613_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
frowyig-011-911A. Merloneth —APARTMENTS, olose 1. .ea; tennis, golf, fishing, and mountain view. Terms strictly modet.te.—Mrs. Joars, 1, Pier Vtlla. TALM Olf LLANUOLUiff.—Oomfortable A PAISTSIENTS; V accommodation for cyclists ; healthy situstion • beau- tiful scenerr.—Mrr. lIVANP, The Orient, \Non, Llangolle a.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST KlRBY.—Comfortable APARTHHICIS cloae to Park and Promenade.-47, WESTIUURNE RD.

&ale bn auctfon.

ftiotok' Caolepetes, (2arreages, etc

FSALB.—GOVBRIVESS Liplendid condition. Lamp and cuahlous Complete —6, 13 6: RSEY Warrington.

eINNI'3 Free-wheel T&NDEISI for dale in goal )nril- kX Lion ; New Dep,rture hub., B,wdon brake.—lttrearoN'a STORM 4. Pilnee'4 et.. Southport.

SUNBlitiK a.BI.IaY tlettt ; grenuiae De Duni water-Juoivu engine; perfect; genuine bargain; only requires fleeing, £24, lowest.—WlLL lam 75, Harilabew at. St. Helens.

Although Sir EDWARD GREY THE RUSSIAN was careful to explain to the VISIT. House of Commons that the Kim's visit to the CZAR OF RUSSLA f.t Revel does not involve any question of a closer alliance between this country and Russia, it is not to be doubted that, in point of fact, the event must tend to encourage sympa- thetic diplomatic relations between St. Petersburg and Downing-street. Russia and England to-day occupy a position towards each other as has not existed since the time when NAPOLEON dreamt his wildest dreams of Empire. For many years it Was a cardinal point in the English political creed that Russia was the enemy at the gates. .Eler gradual march southwards towards the Himalayas and towards the Persian Gulf accounted for the suspicion with which she was regarded in this country. Excited soldiers published alarming accounts of 'the progress of Russian arms on the frontiers of Afghanistan, and the ease with which the conquest of India was to have been accomplished by the Russian troops rivalled the facility with which the Garman Army is to effect the invasion of England according to certain pessimists of the present day. Whatever the dangers may have been, the Acglo-Russian Treaty, concluded some time ago, largely disposed of them. In a sense,that treaty and the improved relations between the two countries may be attri- buted to what at the time threatened to be an episode of evil. The North Sde incident revealed to statesmen in both countries the extreme danger of the situation. In England, Rassia, as we have said, was regarded with suspicion. In Russia Great Britain occupied no better position, and it was evident that, given some cause for national resentment such as that excited by the mistake of Admiral ROZEIE3TVENSKI'S ships, there might be a serious interruption of the peace of the world. It was the realisation of the danger which lay in this situation that made statesmen on either side, and not least the two Monarchs who have just met at Revel, anxious to come to some arrange- ment which might lessen the possible cause of friction between the two countries, and give greater hope of the prolongation of peaceful relations. The main line' of defence adopted by Sir En ‘VARD Gaily in explaining the circumstances of the KING'S visit was that in the changed con- dition the postponement of the visit of courtesy which is due from the KING to the CZAR could not be accomplished without serious diplomatic consequences. Everyone in Eng- land must desire that in the advance of amity between the nations Eagland and Russia I should not stand aside. Between France and Russia there has lona existed a formal alliance, whether to the advantage of either or both the parties it is not our business to inquire. We do not in England desire particularly the cementing of understandings between our neighbours and ourselves by formal treaties binding us to action

or inaction under certain stated circumstances— that has never been one of enduring principles of English foreign policy; but the ambition to live at peace with our neighbours has steadily grown until in a sense it may be called the ruling passion of English diplomacy at the press nt time. That the Czta and the KING have discussed matters of vital importance between their respec- tive countries cannot be doubted. Toe presence of the UNDER-SECRETARY FOR FOREIGN' AFFAIRS, Sir CHARLES HARDINGE, Who Ler some time was Arnbassadir at SG. Petersburg; of Sir JouN- Fisuza, the First SSA Lord of the Almiralty ; and Sr JOHN FRENCH tile Inspector-G eneral of the Forces, in KING EDWARD'S suite, and of M. STOLYPIN, and M. ISVOLSEY'S in the suite of the OAR, gives a clear indication that the coaversa - tion has been of a very serious turn, and that it may have a bearing upon future matters between the two countries which may even go a little beyond the indication given by the FonEroa SECRETARY to the House of Commons.

The English people generally have never, we believs, been actulted by any feeling of towards Russia or her people. Indeed, probably in no country in the world have those who are struggling for political freedom been the recipients of more constant kindness and sympathy than in England. But though we may sympathise with the nation struggling to rid itself of bonds which to our enlightened mind seem unendurable, there could be no excuse for any such interference in the affairs of Russia as has been suggested by certain Members of Parliament representing the working class. The improvement of the relations between this country ,1 and Russia is the more welcome because we believe ' that in the course of time it may give to some extent a much-needed encouragement to those who are trying to guide the forces of democracy along the right lines. The Russian democracy has been taken hold of by the revolutionary ides, but sane politicians recognise that its most powerful advances must be along a medium course.

A letter in another column NON-TaAmNo. from Mr. A. E. Beek shows that he is one of those gentlemen who have signally failed to understand the height, depth and breadth of the Non-Trading movement ,in Warrington. His perspective is singularly at fault when he attributes the " treat- ment " of Mr. H. Roberts to his " coming to a different decision from some others on an arguable principle:' The principle that a Town Councillor's position must be free from all suspicion of personal gain through his membership of that Council is not " arguable," but generally admitted as the first essential of sound and pore municipal government. There were more things than mere diflerencas of principle in the Non Trading agitation. We advise Mr. Beck to read the pro- ceedings and report of the Non-Trading Inquiry held in 1904.

Widnes makes and sells iti THE PRICE OF gas to ordinary consumers GAS, at is. 2d. per 1,000 cubic feet, while Warrington charges 2s. 101 for the same quantity. Slot-meter users get 50 cubic feet for one penny, with free use of all internal pipes and fittings, teeter, and boiling burner, whereas in Warrington, a penny only purchases 6ft. of the precious illuminant. The Widnes gas is the cheapest in the world, and somehow people have got into the way of believing that the production of gas at the same price anywhere else is an irnpossibilty. We fail to see why it should be. Widnes is not obviously a suitable place for the demonstration of miracles and there is no reason to suppose that the production of such cheap gas borders on the miraculous. If other towns could only approach the Widnes figure it would be something in - their favour. Warrington clasrges more than • twice as much and is only six miles .„ distant, while the gas is not equal to the , Widnes quality. If wo cannot turn it out at a less expensive figure, would in not be cheaper v to lay a pipe to Widnes and buy the cheapest gas in the world direct ? It could surely be retailed to the ordinary consumers at a less price than 2s. 103. per 1,000 feet, and still leave a substantial margin 2 for profits. Perhaps the Gas Committee will laugh heartily at the ides. But to the lay mind it looks easier to bring gas from Widnes than water from Vyrnwy.

At the forthcoming Pan- THE WEAKNESS OF Anglican Conference a PREACHING, subject which might be profitably and dispassion ately discussed is whether Anglicans cannot take a leaf out of the procedure of Romanists and introduce an Order of Preachers ? It is time— and we say this emphatically—that every priest permitted to preach publicly should possess special qualifications before undertaking such an onerous duty. Because the clergy are not criticised whilst they are preaching, they must not think that when church is over, there is no discussion. At one time organists used to "play out" a con- gregation. To-day that minor officer must be in possession of musical degrees, or he must show his efficiency by com- petition before being elected to his post. It is all vary well for preachers who cannot preach to seek to draw people together by improving the music.. Fairly good singing, however, cannot • atone for conspicuous weakness in preaching. Many laymen of intelligence, nurtured in the doctrines of the Church of England, refrain from attending worship at the parish church on a Sunday. They make no secret of the fact that they are bored by the sermon. While they admit that the typical Caurch of England clergyman is conscientious, altruistic, and a gentleman, they point to the fact that military officers are trained to give instruction on parade in an audible manner,arid that no actor succ2eds who cannot make himself heard by the gallery. Unfor- tunately, in the Caurch of Eugland, many a youth is not debarred from delivering a sermon as a curate although he is afflicted with a pronounced lisp, and has not even a rudimentary knowledge of elocution. It is not exactly what some curates say, but the pemliar way in which they say it, which makes them later in life as Vicars, when officiating from die pulpit, the chief means of emptying churches.

It.is not often that a Judge

THE CHILD AND takes pert—with approval— THE PUBLIC-HOUSE. in the reversal of his pre- vious decision. That, how- ever, is what has occurred in the case of Mr. Justice Darling, who has just concurred with two of his learned brethren in deciding a point of law in relation to the sale of liquor which is of great importance. The last Liceusina Act provided that children under fourteen years of ago should not be served with intoxicating liquor. The drafting of Acts of Parliament is notoriously loose, and Mr. Justice Darling's reading of the law that this meant to exclude the sale of liquor in a corked and sealed bottle to a child is perhaps excusable. The avisional Court, however, has taken the view that the intention of the Legislature was not so much to prevent a child acting as a messenger as to prevent it from being exposed to temptation in the course of the errand by carrying the liquor in an open vessel. -The desire, if the Divisional Court _ls

to be believed, was that the "sip around the corner " should be abolished. That may represent the extent of the intention of some of the Mem- bers of the last House of Commons, but most assuredly there were others who believed that the very entry of children into the public-house was an evil to be guarded aga'nst, and who accepted the Act under the impression that it put a stop 3ffectually to that contaminating influence. HOW- ever, the Judges have only to interpret the laW) and presumably their reading of it is correct

I 0

, .

===== 0002601_19080613_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Temperance people will wish it had been other- wise. OA the other hand, the working man who has come home tired from his work and wants his glass of ale will welcome the permission to send his child for it. Perhaps the knowledge that the bottle hal to be corked and sealed may even be a source of gratification to him, for he will be certain of getting full measure !

There is much more than PENNY POST TO the importance of a clesir- AIIERICA. able business arrangement in the establishment of a penny post with the United States. It is but another sign of the solidarity of the English-. Speaking race. Already there is a penny postage With the British Colonies, though it is only ten Years since the otter orit was made to Canada, Cape Colony, and such Colonies as were willing to take it. But that inauguration set up an anomaly SO ridiculous that it had to he swept away as the most foldish of bars to an English- speaking postal union. A letter could go from England to Canada by way of New York for a penny, where a similar letter, going no further than New York itself, cost 2,';d. Now, as the Postmaster-General has been stile to secure, letters after September next may be sent to the 'United States for a penny an ounce throughout the scale. This, every way, is a benefit. A postal service to the States which has grown by SO per Cent, in ten years, to twenty million letters annually IS surely capable of ernazing developments under the new stimulus. The cost of the reform to the British Exchequer is put at R 130,000. A consider- able proportion of this loss, it is to be hoped, will be recouped out of the greatly-augmented service.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

[By OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.] A. short Whitsnntide recess has hardly affected political activity. In fact, political discussions have been unusually brisk, thanks to extra-Parliamentary incidents of great importance, one being the surprise of the Convention of the United Irish League of Great Britain at Leeds, another the Pudsey election, and a third, the King's visit with the Queen to Royal, to meet the Czar and Czarina of Russia. These events have all been the Cause of political excitement and party embarrassments. Therefore, they have Made the politics of the week decidedly lively. THE PRIME MINIS TER A.ND MR. KEIR HARDIE.

There is something curiously thrilling in those debates which illustrate English freedom of speech at its boldest. Noble impulses, everybody recognised, were behind the speeches of Mr. O'Grady, Mr. Keir ond others, who would, if they could, have held back King Edward from an association which tlty disapproved. It requires courage, after all, to do these things—the courage which has preserved to k Its our freedom. It was the recognition of this fact, no doubt, that brought the Prime Minister to the rescue of Mr. Keir Hirdie in his perilous conflict with the Chair, when he declined "absolutely " to with- draw the word " atrocities" when told that its appli- -cation to the Russian Government and Czar was con- trary to Parliamentary rule. With fine tact and 831:apathy, the Prime Minister explained the Parlia- mentary convention which the blunt sincerity of not aol3' Mr. Hardie, but pome of his Labour Party colleagues, was slow to naderstand and to take refuge , behind. The Labour Party in this respect is like the over-truthful child who hesitates to decline invitations, Which are really not welcome, in the language of polite regret, or to sign a letter with conventional formulas. LABOUR AT ELECTIONS. It does not appear, at the time of writing, that the candidate standing at Pudsey for the seat resigned by lir. Whiteley, late Chief Whip of the Liberal Party, has the approval of the Executive of the Labour Party. Oa the contrary, ft is stated that their National Administrative Council have declared that they cannot recognise him. If, therefore, Ur. J. W. tenson persists in intervening in the contest between Ifr. Ogden, the Liberal, and Mr. Oddy, the Conserva- tive, he does so as an independent candidate, but one Churning local Labour support. Possibly, in these circumstances, he will have not better luck than the Socialist candidate at Manchester had ; but in any ?ase the persistence in his candidature must give creased importance to the question raised in the ICeeort of the National Liberal Federation as to th 6 adOption of the Second Ballot or alternative vote at elections, so as to secure that the candidate finally elected shall really represent the majority of the voters. THE IRISH VOTE IN ENGLAND. , A memorable Whitsuntide meeting was that of the aited Irish League of Great Britain at Leeds on z3aturday and Sunday last. Its ultimate consequences illoth in England and in Ireland and its effect on egislation remain to be estimated, but the importance et what that Convention did is undeniable. It should be remembered that during the Manchester election ;he Irish vote was of no small importance, and that, u.; tiring the election, there was much doubt as to how 't ahould be cast. Mr. John Redmond, the Irish Nationalist leader, at first stated from Ireland that, litlthough he had no determining voice in the policy of n'ae English Nationnsts, he could hardly see how Mr. Oturchill could be supported. As the election went °4 the sympathy and support of the Irish voters con- ' a"tad with the League were secured, but those Irish 'voters who took their lead from the priests went against Mr. Churchill. The division in the Irish vote as much commented upon, and it was suggested thiat between the Irish leader and Mr. T. P. O'Connor, ;100 is President of the United Irish League of Great ritain, there was no love lost. At East Wolver- „ampton, again, the priests directed the Irish vote 4,a Ppily without the result hoped for) against Mr. orne. In these circumstances, the surprise of last aturday was to find Mr. John Redmond, Mr. Dillon, adud Mr. T. P. O'Connor all on one platform, and all :claiming against the clerical interest for having run ,r°,Bllter to the Nationalist policy in these two elections. e Irish leaders are especially angry at the implica- 'lea that the interests of the Catholic schools are not f'lfB in their hands; and in no unmistakable voice the priests have been warned off politics. PRIENDLY SOCIETIES' AND THE PENSION BILL.

--- At the Whitsuntide meetings of Oddf,llows' and Other Friendly Societies there has been much talk this year about the Old Age Pensions scheme of the Government. The criticisms are somewhat amusing !;::1 those who are still impressed with the novelty and 'no wonder of the Ministerial achievement. Two years afio, how many of us thought that even a beginning opuld be made with Old Age Pensions as early as this ? But now (so used are people already to the idea of realised Old Age Pensions), the scheme is *being discussed as if it were a long-established affair built on ripe experience. Oddfellows want the pension once for people of sixty-five, and most of them also demand: that it shall be received without any reference O the amount their members may have saved by their Industry or self-denial. Others accept the ten shillings noon-le limit, but ask that it should not rule out a 13,..nai0n altogether, but 'reduce it on the sliding-scale -"rnloiple. According to this plan, a nensioner would get three shillings instead of fire if ids income from Other Sources was already twelve shillings a week t ; ;Iv ,°, shillings if he had thirteen shillings ; and one 'ding if he had fourteen. The Prime Minister did not out amendments to his pension scheme such exPerience should show to be desirable. His line rlaB that at the beginning (and in order that there thipflit be a beginning) simplicity was desirable, and .fpli age should not be low. It is astonishing how nidy the people have taken to looking this great girt-horse in the mouth. ARREST OF " FISCALITIS." Ilefore the Dundee election there was just a little elprobension among Liberals that the trouble which as b.., non happily called " fiscalitis " was making al.-Revolts progress among the electorate. The signs all the other way just at this moment. At the th oPerative Congress this week, the President with tfilitnoit concurrence of the whole of the delegates Ivije a most emphatic protest against any tampering parl.our fiscal system ; and the other clay in the chi namentary debate on the Sugar Conventions the 44f lesson our legislators were taught was the tAriferY and the danger of foreign negotiations about ve,t-8. We cannot get quite rid of the Sugar Con- rtati l°/1 because of the entanglements with other iate°ran into which that Convention has led us. An I„ !eating feature of the recent debate was the con- '9o of Mr. Austin Taylor, a Liverpool member,who po,it'.l.l recent years advanced from Unionism to a II: wit:s the Government freedom as an out-and-out Liberal. v?ted for the Sugar Convention as a Unionist. Now e Government could free itself from the

I

!Convention altogether, and appeals to them to ease his conscience as to the propriety of upholding it even in a moclified form for the sake of continuity and good feeling in our foreign relations.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ARGUMENT FROU BASS & CO.

It has already been shown in this column from time to time how the argument of the Tariff Reformers from hops has gone. The latest bl )w has come from Mr. Gretton, who is a member of the great brewing firm of lass, Ratcliffe, and Gretton. After his evidence it is difficult to see how Mr. Gretton's party could put a 40s. duty on foreign h.ms. Previous witnesses before the flop Industry Committee had admitted that a certain proportion of foreiga hops must be allowed to come into this country. Our brewers can- not do without them. Bat Bass er Co. mae nearly as much of them as of English bops. What is more, Mr. Gretton finds that English hops are deteriorating in quality. The best hops make the best beer ; and the best brewers will have them, whatever they cost. The only result of a tariff to protect English hops will be that your beer will cost you more."

===== 0002601_19080613_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The public-house boards have been re-furnished with pictorial posters against the Licensing Bill, but we do not imagine that the Bill will suffer much! The British Lion has been captured for "trade " purposes. He looks better unmasked, as he is seen on some of the hoardings. * * _

The Warrington Progressive Labour League is about to enter upon a vigorous political campaign, a series of open-air meetings having been arranged. The speakers will include Mr. Joseph Howes who is always welcomed by Warrington audiences as, an interesting and practical speaker. * We like the dairyman witness at Edmonton who, invited by counsel to say that in the winter time there was a slump in milk, replied : "Slump in milk ! I never put any slump in mine. If I did I should Boon have the inspector after me." Certainly "slutnp" has a mysterious sound, unless you happen to know what it means.

* * * Much interest is being taken by some of the residents of Fearnhead in the doings of several young men in their midst. These gentlemen are indulging in the " pleasure " of camping out in a field, dwelling like the Israelites of old in a couple of tents. Thy are, we understand, endeavouring to live the "simple' life, with a few of the blessings of civilisation thrown in by way of a change. * * * The stream of Chinese from the Rand to China continues to flow, and 2,350 were repatriated in May. The following will, we think, interest our readers : Total number of Chinese imported Largest number on any one date (January 31, 1907) Number on May 31, 1908 Reduction since January 31, 1937 .. 32,189

* Warrington has reason to be proud of the Whit Monday achievements of its two male voice choirs, for each succeeded in bringing home a first prize. The Warrington Male Voice Choir is deserving of special mgratulations on winning the first prize at Shrews- bury for three years in succession. It is pleasing to know that both choirs are in a flAwishing condition, and the work which they are accomplishing for musical culture is beyond all praise. May they continue to prosper and to bring honour to the old tiwn !

* * * The new variation of an old joke was recently told by Mr. Reader Harris, K.C., while speaking at Brad- ford. An eminent divine was appointed to say grace at a big banquet at which Royalty had promised to be present. Owing to the unpunctuality of the Royal guest the company stood waiting. To relieve the tension the gentleman at the head of the toble remarked in a loud tone to the clergyman, who was very deaf, " We have lost a great many eminent lawyers since last we mot, Mr. Dean." Perceiving himself addressed, but not catching the words, the dean mistook the remark as a signal to say grace. So, closing his eyes, be said solemnly, "For this and all His mercies the Lord's Name be praised."

* * * Mr. Harold Smith of Liverpool has accepted an invitation to contest the Huddersfield seat in the Con- servative interest at the next general election. Some of oar readers will recollect Mr. Smith as one of the speakers at the brewers' demonstration in Parr Hall against the Licensing Bill. Others will remember that he is known to fame for two reasons: First, that he is the brother of Mr. F. E. Smith, K.C., M.P., and second that he was the author of the much-quoted statement at Queen's Hall meeting in March, in which he asked every man and woman in the Hall "to pay not a farthing to any tradesman who was in favour of the measure" (Licensing Bill). As far as we know, this comprises Mr. Harold Smith's political experience. It is not much with which to woo a Liberal con- stituency like Huddersfield, and we should not imagine Mr. Sherwell, MP., is much concerned by the advent of his young opponent. *

Lymm, where the May Queen was (rather belatedly) crowned on Thursday, is perhaps beet known gener- ally (says the " Manchester Guardian ") as figuring in the old Cheshire saying about " tearing Lymm from Warburton." In its oldest form the saying is used to illustrate the difficulty of a thing—" It is as hard as to tear Lymm from Warburton." Opinions differ as to the meanings of this. Lytrfm and War- burton are neighbour villages a few miles apart, and they both happen to be singularly unspoiled and quaint villages. One interpretation is that Lymm and Warburton used to form one ecclesiastical parish, and another that the fields of the two parishes are so curiously fixed that it would be very hard to distinguish the separate boundaries. The phrase, "I'll tear you limb from Warburton" is a modern corruption. Another Lymm saying is used to describe anything eaten with great relish—" licked up like Lymm bay," Lymm hay being considered particularly good. * *

The Court of Appeal decided an interesting casual labour point last week under the Workmen's Corn. pensation Act. The wife of a stockbroker, whenever she wanted her windows cleaned, sent a postcard to a man named Hill, who came and cleaned the windows, receiving 6s. Gd. a day and his mid-day meal for so doing. lee day by some mishap he fell from an upper window which he was cleaning, and the accident proved fatal. His brother, Harold Bill, claimed compensation, and the County Court judge held that ho was entitled to succeed. The Court of Appeal reversed this decision. What amazes us is 1 that the County Court judge could have found the householder liable. The Act is perfectly clear that compensation is not payable for casual labour except in the employer's own business. If a builder gives a day's work to a mason and the mason gets hurt the builder is liable ; if the builder gives a dinner-party and the hired waiter cuts his linger the builder is not liable. The employer's business is building, not giving dinner-parties. * * * . _

Consumers of gas by means of the penny-in-the-slot meter not uncommonly use the meter as a savings bank, confident that the extra money found by the collectors will be returned to them.

This habit, according to the " Clas World," appears to have been abnormally developed in Wigan, though consumers have been warned against it. Even children are using the boxes for depositing halfpennies. In the year ended 31st March last, the coins found by the collectors, apart from the legitimate penny, were as follows :

5 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, 455 florins, 502 shillings, 131 sixpences, 250 threepenny pieces, 384 halfpennies, 51 spurious coins. Coins that would not operate the meter wero returned, and those that would operate the meter were exchanged for pennies.

, If was in the booking Ace of a Manchester station on Whit-Monday morning. A long queue of people besieged the window—a queue stretching hack nearly into the street. Most of us were weighted with luggage, and each was anxious lest the train should go before he could work his way to the window. A woman, unencumbered with luggage, was in posses- sion of the window. " Which," she asked, "is the beat line to go on to--?" "Ours," answered the clerk impatiently. "Yes, but is your fare less than the others ?" This was only the beginning of a con- versation which received a fresh impetus from some ingenious new question every time the clerk tried to close it. Soon the packed mass behind got impatient. "Now then, hurry up," said a big man at the back with three children and a dog ; "it isn't a talkin' match." The clerk tried again. "Do you want a

The Examiner, Saturday, June 13, l9OB.

The George Sheffield Memorial Exhibition. The exhibition of the work of the late Mr. George Sheffield, in oil, pastel, water-colour, sepia and black and white, which had been open for four weeks, was closed on Monday evening. There have been 7,600 visitors to the exhibition, which constitutes a record for the period.

I Independent Order of Oldie!lows (Manchester Unity). P.P.G.M. James Missey ("Prince of Wales" Lodge) and P.G. John Wright (‘ Navigatioa " Lodge), have been representing the Warrington district at the Annual Movable Conference, held at Cardiff this weak. The Warringtou district has a membership of 2,091 Local Will. The will of Mr. Frelerick William Nield, aged 57, of Broomfield House, Broomfield, Essex, a prominent sportsman,formerly well known as an expert shot, and keen follower of hounds, and greatly interested in salmon fishing, has been proved at £27,391 Mr. Nield was a son of the late Mr. William Nield, who was Mayor of Warrington in 1868-1839.

PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER TEE CLOCK FOR BEST Booms IN LANCASIIIRE.—Advt.

Honour for a Local Officer.

The many friends of Quartermaster F. P. Hailstone, who is attached to the• Royal Engineers, will be glad to hear that he has been awarded the medal for hag service and good conduct. The distinction is earned by very few seldiers in the regular line, the conditions for qualification being so very stringent, and Mr. Hailstone who has been stationed at the Orford Depot for five years is to be complimented on his good fortune. Local Athletic Successes. - -

At the Bangor Cricket Club Sports, on Monday, Harry Mounfiold, of the Warrington AC, was seoond in the mile open bicycle handicap ; while in the mile open fiat handicap, C. Dagnall, of Warrington, won the first prize, aad P. it. Jcpsen, AC, also of Warrington, came third. Mounfield was also first in the two miles open bicycle handicap. At the Wigan Infirmary gsla, on Monday, J. Stewart, of Wars ington, won the third prize in the sack race.

In Unlawful Possession of Eggs. At Darnbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, a youth named John To burg, 61, Wakefield-street, Warrington, was eiimmoned for haying on the 11th 'day, at Moore, unlawfully had in his possession six pheasant's eggs, which had been taken out of a nest on land in the occupation of Sir Richard Brooke,who has the right of killing the game. —The defendant, who said he found the eggs in a handkerchief near the nest, vras fined ss. and costs.

£l4 14s Good second-hand piano.—WooD,London rd., Stockton Heath. Tunings and ropairs.—Advt. Music in the Park.

The Warrington BJrougla Prizo Brass Band will play the following prograturne of music in the Park on Sunday next: —Hymn, " Eternal Home," J. A.. Greenwood ; March, " Blencathrs," W. Rimmer ; selection, " Rossin's Works," arranged by H. Rmnd ; selection, "Fernandu Cortez," Spontino ; trombone solo, "B. Bravo," Afercadante (soloist, Mr. J. Mannion) ; selection, " Songs of Handel," Handel ; " God save the King." Coaductor, Mr. T. Griffin. Local Members' Votes. With the adjournment for the Whitsuntide holidays on Thursday the second stage of the Parliamentary session Came to a close. Since the House met in January there have been 114 divisions, and the following is a list of the votes recorded by local Imembers : - Sir J. T. Brunner, North wich (L), 30 ; A. H. Crosaeld, Warrington (L), ;W. J. Crossley, Altrincharn (L), 70; A J. King, Knutsford (L), 81; J. A. Seddon, Lancashire S.W. (Lab.), 76; Hun. A. L. Stanley, Eddisbury (L), 00 ; Wlonel W. H. Walker, Widnes (U), 45.

Disturbing a Religious Meeting. ' At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Edward Kavannagh, tailor, Bank-street was charged with having used obscene language in Bewsey-street, on Sunday evening.— P.O. Holland said a teligious meeting was being held, and the prisoner interrupted the proceedings by making use of bad language to the speaker., He also made use of a vulgar expression with regard to S:. Paul.—Mr. Roberts: It is disgrace- ful to interrupt a religions meeting. —The Chairman (Alderman Tinnion) expressed a similar opinion, and said the prisoner would be fined 103. and costs. Reduction in Sugar. AsnLEY's,4,Butteraaarket st.—Advt Cycle Accidents at Lynun. Two cycle accidents occurred at Lymna last week- end. On Saturday evening a man driving a vehicle from Station-road collided with a cyclist coming from Booth's Hill. Fortunately the man managed to roll out of the way, and escaped unhurt, although his cycle was smashed.—On Monday, at noon, a youth from Manchester lost control of his machine and ran against the wall opposite the Council offices. His eye was cut and one of his arms injured. He was attended by. Dr. Thorpe and taken to Manchester by the 1.28 tram.

Ambulance News. On Friday last week, the members of the Crosficld Division of the Warrington St. John Ambulance Corps No. 4. N.W. District, presented Dr. Adams with a handsome silver-backed blotter in appreciation of his services for many years as honorary lecturer on Ambulance work. On the same occasion,the certificate of the Royal Humane Society was given to First Officer John Rose, in recognition of his rescuing a lad from drowning in the Ship Canal. St. John Ambulance Certificates were also presented to the eight girls bo recently passed the first-year examination in first-aid. "The King of Loafers." _

This was the title given to James Leonardy, of no settled address, who was charged at the Borough Police Court on Saturday with having been drunk and disorderly in llorsemarket-street at 9.20 on Friday night.—P.C. Hayes proved the case and said that prisoner, who had been ejected from a public-home, was creating a great disturbance. —The Chief Con- stable said that was prisoner's 42nd appearance. He had not been out of prison long. and he was a perfect pest about •the town. He was a great trouble to publicans, and was a thoroughly bad lot. Ho was the king of loafers," and deserved all the punish- ment the Bench could give him.—Prisoner was com- mitted to prison for 14 days.

TRY GILLETTE SAFETY RAZORS for comfort in shaving.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge- street, 'Warrington.—Advt. Attempting to Jump into the River. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Myles Walsh, labourer, 13, Lord Nelson-street, was charged with being drnnk and disorderly in Mersey-street, on Sunday morning, and wilfully breaking two panes of glass at the dwelling-house of Joseph Moore, doing damage to the extent of N.—Complainant said he was preparing to go to bed when he heard someone break- ing his window. He rushed out of the house and caught Burton t sight of said f tbi?ie prisoner who :was runlng. away. —P .C. prisoner with hishead under the iron railings trying to get into the river. Walsh was mad drunk. The complainant informed mm that.the man had broken a couple of his windows. His left hand was bleeding. When asked if he bad broken the glass he replied: "I don't know what I have done."—Fined 20s.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
The Warrington Fire Brigade at .Bolton.

The Lancashire Fire Brigades' Friendly Society held a demonstration at Bolton on Saturday, attended by firemen from all parts of the country, and deputa- tions from various fire-engine committees. The Warrington Fire Brigade were representsd by Mr. Frank Turner (deputy superintendent) and six men. The members of the Fire Engine Committee who attended were Alderman Burton (chairman) and Councillors Stott and Hawthorn. Mr. Sumner I represented the Town Clerk's department. From the Liverpool district there were representatives of brigades from Birkenhead, Bootle, Warrington, , Rainhill, Ashton-in-Makerfield, and Newton-in- ' Makerfield. A demonstration of fire brigade work was held at night, and was watched with interest. Reduction in Sugar. Asmatv's,4,Buttermarket st.—Advt The Whitsuntide Holidays. The opportunities presented by bank holidays of visiting ft esh scenes are always largely taken advantage of by Warrington people, and this Whitsuntide has been no exception to the rule. Although occasionally the outlook was threatening the weather throughout the week-end continued fine, much to the relief of ' those who were bent on enjoyment at seaside and other popular resorts. The following is a list of the principal holiday bookings :—London and North- Western Railway : London, 10 ; Birmingham and District,so ; Chester, 200; Colwyn Bay 20 ;Llandudno, 40; Frodsham, 450 ; Blackpool, 200 ; Morecambe 25. Cheshire Lines Railway: Liverpool, 1,800 ; New Brighton, 800; Manchester, 600 ; Southport, 800. For those who stayed at home, the theatres offered special attractions on Monday evening and the trades exhibition at the Parr Hall was .well patronized. '

===== 0002601_19080613_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
Story of Postal Order.

At the Borough Police Court on Saturday, Robert James Lythgoo, Jolley's Yard, was sent to gaol for one month for stealing a postal order value £3 155.. the property of Samuel Woods, a parcel clerk at the Cheshire Lines Station. It was stated that the prisoner was sent by the prosecutor to the post °face to cash the order. He did not return with the money, and information was given to the police, who arrested prisoner. A search at his house revealed 253. of the stolen money under a mattress.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Mln In Trouble at Wnxbunt.

At Wrexham, on lionday, William Coleman, of Warringtoo, was sent to gaol for two months for assaulting a police constable, and for fourteen days in addition in default of paying a fins for being drunk and disorderly. The officer remonstrated with prisoner for using filthy language in a crowded street, where- upon Coleman dealt him a violent blow under the ear. The help of two civilians and another constable, whom he. kicked on the ankle, was necessary to renaave prisbner to the lock-up.

• Buousus, a gratd selection from Is. BANKS, Outfitter, Elorsemarket-st.—Advt. Horse and Cart in the Rlyer.

A. rather alarming incident occurred on the Cor- poration Wharf, Howley, on Thursday mornint..7. At about ten o'clock a man named Joseph Clarke, in the employ of Messrs. J. Fairclough and Sins. was driving a• horse and cart alongside the river Mersey, when the horse shied at a crane and tumbled into the Hier. Fortnnately the driver jumped out and escaped unhurt. After a good deal of trouble the cart was hauled out by a crane, and the horse had to be pulled out by men. Strange to say the horse is not mach the worse for its adventure. Opening of a New Pulpit.

The anniversary sermons were preached at the Church of the Sacred Heart on Sunday by the Rev. Father Fraser, of the Holy Name, Manchester. The occasion WAS taken to open a new pulpit of alabaster and Caen stone, from the design of Mr. Curran, of Warrington. The Rev. Father Fraser took for his text in the morning the words : " They were all filled with the Holy Ghost." The musical part of the Mass was Bordonel's Mass of St. Nicholas with Goanod's " Ave Vernal "as an Offertory p'ece. The evening service consisted of the choral devotions of the Sacred Heart and were sung by the choir and congregation in a devotional manner, the cantoss being Messrs. George Newton and George Ciggins.After the devotions the Rev. Father Fraser preached a powerful sermon on "Science and Religion."

===== 0002601_19080613_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
Above all Wear BANKS's HATS and Cars.—Advt.

Picnic to Llangollen. Mr. A. Edwards' party went for their annual picnic on Whit Monday to the above place. Leaving Bank Quay Station at 7.15 a.m., the party were provided with refreshments in the saloon. Arriving at Llan- gollen at 9.20 a.m., they were met by conveyances for a circular drive of sixteen miles, visiting the Aqueduct, Vronevsyllte, then on to Chirk, driving lnek along the Holyhead-road to Llangollen, where they adjourned to -the Waverley Temperance Hotel for dinner. After dinner the party proceeded round Plas-N'ewydd, then to Canal Wharf for a sail to Berwyn and Horse Shoe Falls, where the party was photographed by Mr. James Parkinson,of Warrington, arriving back at the Waverley Hotel for knife and fotk tea. Afterwards they proceeded home, arriving at Warrington at 10.20 p.m , all being thoroughly satisfied with their day out. Comrnitttee —Messrs. L. Unsworth, president ; D. J. Humphreys, J. E. Allen, joint treasurers ; .J. Ellivell, P. Foster, A. Mitchell; A. Edwards, secretary.

PUBLIC BENEEIT.—IINDER TUE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASFIIRE.—Advt. CELLULAR SHIRTS from 25. 61-BANKS, Outfitter.-Advt Local Yachtmen's Success.

In the Tranmere Sailing Club's annual Whit lon- day race, over a twenty mile course, from Rock Ferry to Crosby Lightship and back, the " lone " (Messrs. Thompson and Knowles) was successful in gaining the first prize, a Yachts Dinghy, value £lO, presented by Mr. W. H. Rowlands of Bangor. A strong north westerly breeze prevailed, but came more westerly during the race. Eight yachts came to the starting line, and were all reefed with the exception of Tone and Pearl. Darling was first across the line, followed by Eileen and Mikado. The sea was very lumpy on the way out to the ship and a good deal of spray was flying about as the competing boats forced their way out to mark. Eileen was first past the Crosby Ship, but was beaten in the run home by lone, Darling and Mikado. 1, lone ( Thompson and Knowles, Warrington). 2, Curlew (llitchmough and McCoy). 3, Darling (C. Stanley). Mikado (Robertson and Tordoff, Warrington). Eileen (J. Green Chappell, Warrington) Pearl (Titterington Bros). Lillian (T. and S. Porter). Fag (Frankish and Gallon, Warrington).

TAILML-M A.DE CYCLE BREECHES from Gs. 11d.— BANKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket-st.—Advt. P.S.A. Meetings. There was a good attendance at the meeting of the Wycliffe Society on Sunday. The Secretary presided, and returned thanks on behalf of Mr. Percy Prosser and Mr. Ashworth, for the votes of sympathy in their bereavement sent them last week. in making refer- ence to these losses, the Chairman commented upon the great kindness shown by her Majesty, to the sickly girl in the London Hospital, who had invited the Queen to visit her. Mr George Heaton, of Man- chester, spoke upon" The teaching from flowers,their lessons as well as their beauty." The address was interesting and showed God's care concerning us. Mr. Joseph 0 wen read the lesson and Mr. Heaton lei the player. The number of me:niters is now 170. An open meeting of the Buckley-street Society was held on Sunday, under the presidency of Mr. W. Shaw. Mr. E. Wynne Jones gave an instructive address to a large number of members and friends. Miss P. Cottrill (soprano) and Master A. Weir sang several solos. At the close of the meeting a vote of condolence with th widotv and family of the late Mr. Jennings, of Wilderspool-causeway, was posse], all present standing.

Six GUINFAS will purchase a fully guaranteed PREMIER. Cxcr.E. Inspection invited.—J. S. GAR- AND, 51,33,& 55 Bridge-street, Warringtoa.—Alvt. Death of Mr. H. C. Kite.

Many of our readers will deeply regret to hear of the death of Mr. Henry Churchill Kite, chief delivery clerk in the goods department of the London and North-Wes'ern Railway Company at Warrington, who passed away on Monday after a brief illness. The deceased was at his work up to a fortnight ago and his death at the early age of thirty-two years CAM, as a shock to his many friends, lie had been in the service of the L. and N.-W. Railway Company from boyhood and was greatly esteemed by al who were assaciated with him in business or in piivate life. He was a staunch temperance worker and held the office of secretary of • the Warrington branch of the Railway Temperance Union. His father, Mr. Jacob Kite, was for many years stationm aster at Thelwall, recently retiring on a pension. The late Mr. H. C. Kite lived at Thelwall, and be will be much missed by the villagers. He was closely ' identified with Thelwall Church. Great sympathy is extended to the widow and three children in their sad bereaveraent. The funeral took place at Thelwall Church yesterday afternoon in the presence of a large gathering. The Rev. T. Pyin Williamson, Vicar of Thelwall, officiated, and the organist played the Dead March in' "Saul." The District Office of the L. and N.W. Railway Company was represented by Mr. I David Banks (chief clerk) and the goods department Iby Mr. R. Townley (agent). Many of the deceased's office colleagues were also present, and six of them, along with six of the villagers, acted as bearers. Many floral tributes were placed on the grave, includ- ing a handsarne one from the L. and N.-W. goods department.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

CHILDREN'S OLITING.—OH Whit Alowlav afternoon the children of Padglte, Fe.trnheid and lloughton Green had their annual outing in a field provided for the purpose by Mr. George Mather. the district Councillor. The Band from the Industrial School, Padg,ate, was allowed to be present and daring the afternoon discoursed sweet music. Many of the parents of the children attended to witnes3 their enjoyment. , Various games were indulged in and tea was also pro- vided. We understand that close upon 300 children put I in an appearance and thoroughly enjoyed the free treat.

IF THE EYES have a Wed sensation, if troubled with habitual bead Ache, if the eyes cannot stand the light, get the sight tested by JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight Specialist, 81, Bridge-street, Warrington. Low charges. Satisfaction guaranteed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The summer services in connection with Hill Cliffe Baptist Church will be held on Sunday, June 21st when the preacher throughout tha day will be the Rev. A. C. G. Rendell of Rugby. A child:ea's serviee will be held in the morning. In connection with Bold-street IVesleyan Church the Sunday School Anniversary will take place on Sunday when the preacher both morning and evening will be the Rev. J. Howell Jones, of Rotherham, formerly of this circuit. A flower service will be held in the afternoon when an address will he given by the Rev. T. Miller, and the chair will be occupied by Dr. Bennett, of Padgato The annual general meeting of the Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society will be held in Golborne-street Schoolroom on Monday evening.

Open-Air Meetings. A series of open-air meetings in different parts of the town, under the .auspices of the Progressive Labour League, will commence on Monday, June 22nd, and continue throughout the we?k, the final meeting being held on the Friday evening at Bridge Foot. Mr. J. Howes and others will speak. Redaction in Sugar. AsHLEY's,4,Battermarket st.—Advt The Women's Demonstration. Among the ladies who will be taking part to-day in the big Women's Suffrage demonstration in London will be Miss Massy (president), Miss Waring (hon. sec.), Miss Lucy Broadbent, and Miss Gornall, members of the Warrington Branch of the Women's Social and Political Union.

NORFOLK SUITS from 18s. 6d.-Bkmts,Outfitter.-Advt. Daring Thief at Warrington. A youth named Walter Peplow, King-street, War- rington, was charged at the Aorough Court. on Thursday, with stealing a pewter teapot, of the value of ss.' from the shop of Isaac Goldstein, Mersey-street, on May 15th. He was further charged with stealing lead flashing, valued at £2, horn the roof of Messrs. Silcock Bros., King-street. It was stated that the prisoner went into Goldstein's shop on the date in question and offered two carriage lamps for sale. The proprietor was suspicious and refused to buy. After prisoner had left the shop the pewter teapot was missed, and it was ascertained that prisoner had sold it to another dealer. The lead flashing% the subject of the second charge, had been stripped off the roof, and the premises are situated close to the prisoner's house. Prisoner sold the lead to a dealer.—Mr. Arthur Browne, who defended appealed for leniency, and said the prisoner was not responsible for his actions at times.—Prisoner, against whom were previous convictions for larceny, was sent to gaol for four months with hard labour.

Premier in name, Premier in quality. PnEmma CYCLES from B guineas.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55 Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

The Warrington Wesleyan Bible Class League. A rally meeting was held in the Stockton Heath Wesleyan Church schoolroom on Thursday night where a splendid tea awaited the visitors from the different parts of the circuit, After tea there was a first class rally meeting in the church, the chair being occupied by the president of the League,Mr.J.C.Holland who was supported by the Rev. T. Miller. An address was given by Mr. A. Alounfield on the study of the Bible and how many passages which seem very difficult to understand have quite a different meaning and become quite easy when we know the Eastern times and customs. Addresses was also given by Messrs. Mails and W. Spendry who pointed out, the benefits of the Bible Class League, which was intended to give knowledge and strength to those seeking after the truth The musical programme was in the hands of the Latchford Male Voice Choir who rendered two very beautiful pieces, doing great credit to themselves and their conductor. A. vote of thanks, proposed by Mr. Hall was given to the chair- man (ir. Holland) Mr. Monnfield, the Male Voice Choir and all who took part.

PITBL/O BENEB/T.—fiNDAR THII CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN Lexcusnms.—Advt. Death of Mr. J. H. W. Clindinning. - -

We regret to announce the death of Mr. James Henry Walker Clindinning,, which took place at his residence, 1, Roonae-street, on Tue3day. The deceased, who was 72 years of age, was a native of Paisley, and elt/10 to Warrington over forty years ago. He was a skilled accountant and at one time was engaged with Messrs. Bolton, glass manufacturers, and afterwards with Messrs. Robinson and Skinner. For a short time ho returned to Scotland and on again coming to Warrington he took up appoinments first with Mr. J. Lunt, contractor, and subsequently with Messrs. Joseph Monks and Co., shippers. Literature was his great hobby and ho was a frequent contributor to our columns under the nom-de-plume of " lona," many of his letters being on theologi- cal subjects. He had published several volumes of poems. He was a close student of astror orny,and was a strong supporter of the theory of Pamllax.He leaves a widow and one son, who is in Melbourne, Australia. The funeral took place at the Cemetery yesterday afternoon, the Rev. T.W. Barber officiating. Amongst those present were Mr. J. Lunt, Mr, Levi Richard. son, Councillor Flood (Prestwich) and Mr.T. Cowden Reduction ID Sugar. AstmEv's,4,Buttermarket st.—Advt Warrington Choirs' Success. Our two local male voice choirs achieved notable successes on Whit Monday, each of them gaining a first prize. The Warrington Male Voice Choir (conducted by Mr. W. S. Nesbitt) visited Shrewsbury where nine choirs competed, the test piece being " Crossing the Plain ' (Maid tryn Price). The adjudicator (Dr. Watson) made his award as follows, the maximum number of points being 80 :—Warrington Male Voice Choir, 77; Crewe Apollo Male Choir, 76 ; Llandrindod Wells Male Choir, 70; Newtown Male Voice Choir, 68; Birmingham Victoria Male Choir, 67; Birmingham Welsh Gleemeo, 60 ; Aberdare Male Voice Choir No. 1, 60 ; Hadley and District Male Voice Choir, 61 ; Aberdare Male Voice Choir No. 2, 59. Warrington thus won the first prize of £3O and Crewe Apollo the second prize of £lO. A , fact upon which the members of the Warrington choir are to be specially congratulated is that they have won the prize for three years in succession. After the competition the whole of the nine competing choirs, numbering some 400 voices, gave a massed , performance of the test piece under the baton of the composer, which was thoroughly enjoyed by the large and critical audience, which numbered several thousands. At an Eisteddfod, held at Bwlch Gwyn, , near Wrexham, on Monday, the Warrington Apollo Prize Male Choir (conductor, Mr. H. Berrey) were successful in winning the first prize (£2O and a silver crown). The test piece was " The Destruction of Gaza " (De Mile), the judge being Mr. David Evans, of Cardiff who spoke very highly of the way in which the Apollo choir sang the piece.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
i RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DEATH OF A PIERNIASTErt.

After a lingering illness, Captain Willi:La) I3anner, piermaster of Ouizo's Dock, died at the residence of his brother, Mr. James aumer, at Runcorn. lie was sixty-one years of age. The deceased gentleman had spent his whole working life in commotioa with the Bridgewater Canal, and had served under three firms the Bridgewater Trustees, the Bridgewater Navigation, and the Ship Canal Company.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITSUNTIDE PROCESSIONS. . _

I Whit Monday is a great holiday at Runcorn, and the whole of the works are closed for several days, the shopkeepers following suit. Usually there are proces- sions of friendly societies, but on this anniversary these were altogether abandoned. In the afternoon the Sunday School scholars paraded. There was a united ' Church procession, consisting of the Parish Church, St. I Michael's, and Holy Trinity schools, and the Mersey IMission to Seamen. The Nonconformists also combined. As the oldest Sunday School in the town, Brunswick I Wesleyan led the way, and then came St. John's I Presbyterian, St. Luke's Congregational, Bethesda !Congregational, Primitive Methodist, lialton-road Wesleyan, United Alethodist Free Church, Camden Wesleyan, Nelson-street Wesleyan, and Salvation Army. The Catholic School held an independent procession. Afterwards tea was provided at the several schools.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OUP-OF-WORK TRAGEDY.

' Mr. Brighouse hold an inquiry at the Widnes Police I Station, at noon, on Tuesday, touching the death of William 'Thomp ' son aged thirty-seven, of 44, Dixon- street, whose death occurred on Sunday morning. From the evidence of his wife, Margaret, it transpired that he had been out of work recently, and on Saturday afternoon deceased said that he was going to get some ' money for a job he had completed. At 10.30 she went to look for him, and found him at his father's house near Appleton Station. About 10.30 he came home and told his wife that he was going to Canada if he could not get work shortly. Witness advised him to go to bed, but he refused, and she weut to bed herself. Being anxious because of his threats to take his life when in drink, she earns downstairs three times, and on the last occasion she found him hanging from a nail behind the door with a handkerchief around his u ‘ck. Assistance was procured, but death took place before the arrival of medical aid. A verdict of " Suicide whilst temporarily insane" was returned.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
RCrNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling in the chair. There were also present—Messrs. T. Baxter, T. Wright, G. E. Warburton, J. H. Davies, G. Watson, L. Bolton, T. Wright, S. Woodward, J. Spruce, T. Antwis, P. Booth, P. Collins, A. R. Norman, 'l'. Guest, C. Maudsley, J. Stokes, E. flitch, W. Harrison, It. Nixon, J. Renshaw, W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), J. Swinton, NV. Diggic (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector), and Dr. Adams (medical officer).

===== 0002601_19080613_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON -AFFAIRS,

It was stated that eta mecting of the Weston Parochial Commit Lee the clerk reported that the Highways Executive Committee of the District Council had considered the committee's suggestions for the widening of Post °Mee-lane and the bottom end of Sandy-lane, and desired to know what importance was attached to Post Office-lane, whether it could be made a through thoroustfare the necessity for widening the road and the benefits which would accrue therefrom. They decided that, subject to the owners giving the land and setting back their fence, and to the Parochial Committee's sewering the roffd,the bottom end of Sandy lane be widened to 33 feet.—The Parochial Committee appointed a sub-committee to reply to the questions with respect to. Post-oace-lane end decided that,subject to the owners co uplying with the conditions, a sew3r be laid up Sandy-lane as far as the top house within the district of the Council.—lt was resolved to intimate to the District Council that a lire engine should be purchased and kept in a central position for use in the Council's district.

The minutes wereapproved. Mr. Woodward referring to the fire engine portion remarked that it had really nothing to do with the minutes; it was only the opinion of Weston.

HOUSING. The Clerk reported that at a meeting of the Parlia- mentary Committee of the Council of the Rural District Council's Association, it was resolved that appreciation be recorded of the fact that Rural District Councils were to remain the local authority for the administration of the Housing Acts, and the opinion was expressed that the grant of concurrent powers to any other authority would be fatal to tin efficient administration of the powers of thelw Acts in rural districts.

Mr. Woodward moved thit the .letter ba referred to the Parliamentary Committee. Mr. Davies seconded. an the motion was carried. TUE ISOLATION HOSPITAL.

! Mr. Woodward rep )rted that there were less tint' the full number of pltients in the hospital at the present time. The epidemic seemod to be somewhat decreasing and they hoped that they would be able to close the hospital, dispense with the staff and 83 sive expose. (Laughter.) RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meetiog of this Baarl was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. Baxter in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. C. E. Linaker, J. Hallows, G. Egerton-Warburton, G. Pilling, J. H. Davies, G. Watson, L. Bolton, T. Wright, S. Woodward, J. Spruce, T. Antwis, P. Booth, P. Collins, A. R. Norman, T. Guest, C. Maudsley, J. Stokes, E. Britch, W. Harrison, it. Nixon, J. Renshaw, W. Weir, W. E. Hough (deputy clerk) J. Pearson, W. R. DaPrez and T. Cook (relieving o:licers) and W. R. Rollinson (toaster).

===== 0002601_19080613_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
TREATMENT OF CONSUMPTION.

The Clerk read a circular letter from the County Council intimating that the credtion of a hospital district or districts for the tra ttment of consumption had been adjourned sine die. It was. added that the Council were pleased to hear that provision had recently been made by the Wirral Board of andrdian for the treatment of a certain nu nber of tuberculosis cases at the Clatterbridga Workhowe by the erection of a separate block and expressed the hope that the Runcorn Board would sae their way to make similar provision for their Union. NEW RESCUE HOME.

The Clerk toad a letter from the Birmingham Diocesan Rescue Society and Homes for !Dateless and Uriondiess Catholic Children stating that the society had recently opened a home for boys, St. Edwards' Home, Coleshill, at a cost of .0,0',X). The home had been certified by the Local Government Board for the reception of boys under the Poor Law and the S3ciety would be glad to receive boys from the Union. The terms sanctioned by the Local Government Board were Gs.per boy per week. The letter was ordered to lie on the table. SIIGGSfiTED STATIC SANITORIA.

The Clerk read the following resolution forwardei by the Guardians of the Grimsby Union: "That the time has arrived when the State should provide district or county sanatoria so that all classes may receive treat- ment on the latest scientific lines for phthisis, and that the Clerk communicate with the various Boards of Guardians with a view of obtaining a united app3al to the Government to promote legislation on these lines." This was also ordered to lie on the table. WORLD'S CHEAPEST GAS. WIDNES BREAKS ITS OWN RECORD. _ _ _

At the monthly meeting of the Widnes Town Council on Tuesday, it was decided to again reduce the price of g is. This reduction will make the net price to ordinary consumers Is. 2,1. per thousand cubic feet, consumers over five millions Is. for motive power 101. and to the users of slot machines an additional six feet, making fifty cubic feet for Id. These prices constitute a worlds record in the matter of charges for gas, with no decrease is the illuminating quality. Alderman T. S. "[lanais, in moving the minutes of the Gas and Water Committee, said that the profit on the water was only £ IS, this being due to two unusual things • they had to pay £331 more for fuel than last year sn'd they had to put down a costly engine plant at Stock's Well. Mr. Timmis referred to the success of the opposition to the Liverpool Bill. The bargain made twenty-eight years ago with the Liverpool Cor- poration was to remain. Respecting the gas question, he said that twelve months ago he intimated to the Council that they would be able to go through the year without raising the price of gas on account of the increased price of coal. They had done so, and he wt.s able to state that they had made a ma•mincent profit of £4,000, but of this sum .£2,OOS' would be spent on public lighting, and the remainder would be carried forward. The committee estimated that there would be a saving of £3,000 in coal, which should make a profit of £7,000 for the next twelve months, and this -.estimate had enabled them to make the reduction ; arrangements which were above enumerated. These reductions were not made entirely for the benefit of large consumers, but for the ordinary and slot meter consumers also. no biggest consumer of gas for , power was practically the Corporation. The Widnes and , Runcorn Transporter Bridge was the greatest helper in this respect, and in this concern the town had invested £25,000. Mr. Welding: What is the net cost of manufacture. Mr. Timmis : The net cost of manufacture and maintenance is 6.4 d. per thousand, but the cost of manu- facture and distribution, &c., is Is. Old. per thousand. Mr. Davies suggested that the question of reduction be deferred for one month. The profits had hardly been realised five minutcs, and they were not in a posi- tion to vote on the subject until they had gone thoroughly into the figures. Alderman Neil said he did not think it a good arrange- ment to sell gas at lower than cost price. A lengthy debate ensued on the point, but a resolution moved by Mr. Welding, and seconded by Alderman Neil, to refer the minute back for one month, met with the support of only eight members.

...----...,-.--. PRACTICAL HOUSING.

Hl3 Majesty the King, who has always shown a keen interest in the housing conditions of the people, and who when Prince of Wales sat on a Royal Commission to enquire into the housing conditions of the working classes, under the presidency of Sir Charles Dilke, in 1831 and 1835, has graciously accepted a beautifully bound copy of Councillor J. S. Nettlefuld's book on "Practical Housing," published by the Garden City Press. The book which esplains the methods of Site Planning Co-partnership Tenants Societies, is about to ' enter on its second edition.

, , -

===== 0002601_19080613_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

WHITSUNTIDE AT Sr. HELENS. r The streets of St. Helens on Monday were thronged with a great Whit Monday procession of the schools and guilds belonging to all the Catholic churches of the town. O.ver 10,000 persons took part in the pro- cession, including about ten bands and a large number ;of gaily-decorated banners. St.Anstin's, Thule Heath, had the place of honour at the head of tne procession along with their magnificent tapestry b inner. Tea place of assembly was ths Town LLII spare, where the procession was met by the Mayor and Mayoress (Alder- man and Mrs. Martin), and Mr. Thomas Glover, the local Mom.bor of Parliament. The Streets were thronged with people, and, favourable watther prevail- ing, the demonstration was exceedingly successful. In the afternoon the field day connected with the various Sunday schools was held, the Parish Church school and Bible classes going to Littler's Field, Denton's Green, where the annual spurts were held. Sports were also held in connection with the Sacred Heart and Sutton Schools. There was a very large attendance at the Denton's Green field, where the vicar (the Rev. Cyril Bardsley) and his staff had arranged a great many attractions. The Sunday school sports were very keenly contested. J. T. Manchester won the 1 Championship Cup, with F. Williamson second and J. Hurst third. For the Bible class sports Mr. S. Brown was starter, Messrs. 11. Lea and A. Bryan secretaries, and Messrs. J. Anderton, H. Dennett, J. Baldwin, IL Ellison, James Brown, J. A. Brownlee, H. Grundy, W. Bates, and F. Hopes judges. A thug programme had been arranged. A.Liptrot won the half-mile champion- ship, and the committee race resulted as follows James Gorse ; 2, I'. Friar ; 3, A. Nlsiler ; 4., J. Eden.

. . SPORTS AT Sr. HELENS. Thera was a large attendance at the St. Helens Recreation Club Sports at Denton's Green on Saturday. Mile Cycle (Contlued).—J. Dumbell, 70, 1; Bibby, , 20, 2 ; J. Rigby, 35, 3. Time 2min. 39 4.ssecs. 100 Yards (Coutined).— Time, 4,1; A. Crawford, 4, 2 ; C. Robertshaw, 7, 3. Yard ; same. Time, lOsec. Two Miles (St.flelens Recreation Harriers, Champion- ship.) —J. Murray, 1 ; T. Burley, 2. • H. Wilcox, 3. Twenty yards ; same. Time 10min. 3,3 4-ssec. Mile Cycle (Novices.)—T. Whitehouse, St. Helens C.C., 35 1; T. R. IViiitefield, Sutton H, 10, 2 ; J. , Evans, LOwton, 20, 3. Half a wheel; bad third. Time, 2inin. 5 4-ssec.

100 Yards. ---10. J. Deakin, Sefton EL, 10, 1; J. M'Dermott, Dublin, 8,2; It. E. Cann, Liverpool H., 71, 3. A foot • inehes. Time, 0. 1-ssec. Mile.—D. Large, Eavenhead H., 145, 1; Wilcock. wellhead H., 110, 2 ; H. Davies, West Cheshire IL, 130, 3. Ten yards; four yards. Time, 4min. 23 4-ssec. Quarter-mile Cycle.— \V. Hemond, Bold. 31, 1 ; S. Evans, Cuester C.C.' '25, 2; 11. Dormau, Southport EL, 34, 3. Three lengths ; a wheel. Time, 32 3-4 sec. 220 Yards.—F. J. Deakin; Sefton 11., 17, 1; H. D. Nisbet, St. Helens A.C., 14, 2; F. Archer, St. Helens E0c.,13i, 3. Four yards ; two yards. Time, 22 2-ssec. Five Miles Cycle (Club Cnampionship.)—J. Dumbell, 1; J. Bibby, 2 • J. Rigby, S. Inches ; ten lengths Time, 15min. 12sec. Mite Relay Eace.—Sefton H., I ; Freston H.. 2; Liverpool IL, S. 'fhe three fia3.l runners were J. Lea (Sefton), G. E. Wallack (Preston), and R. Birchall (Liverpool). Hall-mile Cycle.—S. Evans' 57, 1; W. Brocklehurst, St. Helens, 70, 2 ; E. Davies, Manchester, 45, 3. Four yards ; bad third. There WU a bad spill in this ra.oe, Yoxon coining 03, then IVatkins, sal with Williams going over the latter the race was practically ended.

PIT WORK DISORGANISED: A " MINIA run RIOT."

The St.. Helens P:iliCe-a;ii-rt—s;:a.;tfirrOnged on Tues- day with miners, when nine colliers and drawers, living in the districts of Buttonwood and Bold, were summoned 1 by the Collins Green Colliery Company for breaches of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, and impeding the working of the Bold Colliery on Tuesday, April 24th, Mr. Darlington (Paine and Darlington) prosecuted, and Mr. Linden Riley (instructed by Messrs. Riley, Rally, and Pic:.on) defended on behalf of the Miners' Federation of Groat Britain, whose district representa- tive, Councillor Parkinson, J.P., of Wigan, also attended.

The defendants were Joseph Reyes, Timothy Traverse, John Birchall, lhomas Woods, Reuben Southward, IVa!ter Baker, I iui.s Rigby, James Tinsley and James Pennington, and they were ea n summoned on four informations.

Tile offences score—first, travelling the motion brow whilst the htulage ropo 10 inotiou ; second, passed sloog a put of the ruins that was nit necessary for his ' work; third, interfered with .I.isepti Ilimi,ser,ttie looker- on, in tho discharge of his duties ; fourth, impeding the I work of the mine. _

Mr.Darlingtou stated the facts,and the charges against Southward were first dealt with. He said that early on this day a strand in the haulage rope which kept the Florida Mine going broke. The mishap was brought to the notice of Dixea, the undarlooker, who wont to see that the rope was repaired. It was repaired, but during the time the rope was stoppod the men working in the mine became short of boxes, and a lot of coal at:cumu- lated in their working places. At ten o'clock in the morning Mr. Webb, the uader-intnager, went t 3 the men who had left their work and found them coming up the brow in which the rope was then in motion. He remonstrated with then, and asked them to go down to work again, and promised that he would sea that they had as many boxes as possible and every opportunity to make up the time they had lost. The men refused, and thirty or forty of them swarmed up the road. The running of a mina was absolutely dependent upon discipline, and on this occasion the men by their com- bined ection created a miniature riot and completely stopped the working of the pit. The Clerk asked if the four charges were laid as alternate or soparate offences? Mr. Darlington said they were separate offences. Mr. Riley suggested that the four charges really all related to the one offence, Mr. Darlington said the offences were separate. First of all the men left their work and congregated in the motion brow, usei bad language to the officials, and, in spite of the rules aad orders of the olficials, left their work and travelled up the motion brow when the rope was going. That was the first offence. They then went along to the pit bottom and threw the place into dis- order. They threw some empty boxes about the place, and prevented Bamber, who superintended the winding, from going on with his work. They then followed the under-manager round to the east side of the shaft and threw some waggons of coal off the rails. The result of all this was that the pit was stopped, aud 'during forty minutes only one winding took place, and that interference with the working of the pit con- stituted the fourth offense. Altogether thirty-eight men were congregated round the bottom of the shaft for over two hours, and the trouble practically became a riot. After the under-manager had done all he could to restore order, be was compelled to sanction the men going up the pit. Accordingly their names were taken, and they were allowed to go up. lie asked the bench to make an example of these men, as a disturbance like this was a very serious matter both for masters and men.

---.1-o-hn William Dixon, the under looker gave evidence. For the defence Mr. Riley alleged that the colliers were allowed, nearly every day, to travel along the motion road whiie the haulage was in motion. Ms was clearly against the rules, but it was not for the colliery oilicials to allow it to take place on 361 days of the year, and for their own purpose to make it an I offence on the 365th day. Ile would call thirty-eight witnesses to prove that the rope was stopped at the time the men actually went along the road. All the summonses were dismissed for travelling along the rood whilst the rope was in. The charge of interfering with the looker-ca was then gone into. Mr. Riley urged that the men's liberty was being interfered with. They were waiting for boxes for several hours, and as they could not get them they were obliged to leave work, lie called witnesses who swore that the boxes at the pit botto:u wo:e not upset by these MO, but by the olicials, who got into a temper. The bench decided to convict in one case and fined Southward 21 and ISs. costs, and dismissed the other cases on payment of costs. Mr. Darlington withdrew the other charges.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. TERRIBLE ACCIDENP AT Amssas. VICAR'S

WOFIES. A serious accident occurred on Tip3day, to S 15 year- old apprentice of Messrs. T. arid T. Vicars, named Peter Patter, of Regent-street, Earlestown. It is presumed that whilst he was in the act of placing a strap On a pulley his hand slipped and the belt pulled his arm completely off frorn the elbow, then falling back on to some castings he fell on his right leg, breaking it. Dr. Valentine, who was at once sent for, ordered him away to the Liverpool Infirmary. After the accident the machinery was stopped, and the workmen ceased work in that particular department. NEWTON MOTOTR TRAP. At Newton Petty Sessions on harsdayt 31ry B -att, a Northwich motorist, was charged with driving a i motor-car to the danger of the public and also with exceeding the speed limit. 'rho police stated that on the first thy of the last Haydock Park races they measured out two miles in Winwick-road, Newton-le- Willows, where the tra'fic amounted practically to a procession. Bratt covered the two miles in knin. 27sec. The defendant said that he had travelled 21 miles on the day in question and the journey occupied an hour and a quarter. A fine of Ds. and costs was imposed ' and llratt's licence was withdrawn. EARLES I:OWN AND NEAT VON FREE CHURCUES.

The annual United Sunday School demonstration took place on Vhit-Monday on the Market Ground, Barlestown. About 1,1/0) scholars assembled and took part in singing various hymns under tha able conductor- ship of Mr. S. lforvey. After the Doxology hid bears sung, the whole of the scholars paraded the principal stre3ts of the town headed by the liarlestown Prize Band. The order of the prooefsion was as follows : First, Welsh Baptists, with 51 scholars ; second, Congregational, 250; third, Brunswick Wesleyan, 470 ; fourth, Salvation 11 tni an! 53h015r5, 110; fifth, Primitive Methodists, 320; sixth, Baptists, 10 ; Newtou School Farm Band ; seventh, Brunswick-road Mission, 250 ; eighth, Wesleyans, 20. After parading the town, the scholars went to different fields in the district, where the usual games and sports were held. Fortu- nately the weather was line.

EMI

===== 0002601_19080613_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. LEONARD PAGDENT AS " AUBREY." ROYAL COURT THEATRE. " The Lancashire Lad:"

high order and does justice to two such widely differing characters as Jem Wincote and Professor Napolen Boulanger. Much of the humour of the _ __ piece is forthcoming from Mr. Fred Acton as John - __ I Willie Wardle, the village carpenter, and Miss Lottie ---- A good story of Lancashire life is bound to be ' Fearie as Jane Alice Clitheroe, who are associated in popu'l ar with Larashire peof-ile, and this play from so yme very lanuliable scenes. Miss Harriet Russell the pen of G. Carlton Wallace, the suthor of several I presents a capit3l study of Mother Wincote, and Miss successful dramas, has proved a strong holiday ; Maudie, Grayson, as Kittie do Vere, is responsible for attraction at the Court Theatre. Some of the leading I several pleasing songs and dances. characters speak the dialect as to the manner born, 1 NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. though, singular to state, the Lancashire lad himself 1 , does not attempt it but expresses himself in "THE SECOND MRS. TANQUERA.Y." irreproachable English. He is, or should be, a mill owner but for a time the fates are against him and he Mr. Pineros masterpiece, "-The Second Mrs. uera nq y," one of the .graat plays , of the modern is despoiled of his just rights, only to be triumphant Ta is the feature at the Royal Court in the end. There ate many exciting situations el Theatre next week. Mr. Leonard Pagden, late with d i British thge., ' the pathetic and humorous sides ale effective i Mr. George Abixaniler, helping him to keep "His Y interspersed. The presentation of the play by the ! ;House in Order," and Miss Lucy Wilson, are the two author's own company leaves little to l excellent princi toils. Mr. Leonard Pagden's knowledge desired, and the mounting is tasteful and elaboratee. I I One scene which finds particular admiration depicts of the play enables him to stage it to the very best i advantage, and no expense has been spared with this I the pier at Blackpool, with "e' the Tower arid big as " Cavlev, and Mies Lucy Wilson and production. Mr. G. Edward Pearce will appear in the background, and Lancashire oneratiresser" seen enjoying themselves right' merrily. Mr. G. P:stg,leu are seen to very great advan e a Carlton Waluce distinguishes himself as David . tl‘alra' " Paula " and "Aubrey Tanqueray.'' Elmore, a Lancashire lad.' his powerful portrayal ! 1 We cannot attempt to outline the plot of such a great meetinu, with general appreciation. Miss Ada Oakley , play, but must say that with such a strong cast as Mr. is well fitted for the part of Jessie 'Wincote, and r. CtS with therequisite feeling. Mr. T. G. Vane as , Max : Piig-deu is putting before us, we may be sure of seeing a first-rate production at the Royal Court Theatre on Carton and Miss V. St. Lawrence as Lorna Wincote i acquit themselves well in ucenviable pFts, Miss St. m„.o.ay Gladysadys nra,,,..nte...F:\rleiin parts eo: are in the hands cf Miss i Miss Laura Laurence, Mr. James Lawrence displaying rate d ramat ie gifts Mr. Carthage Calcleugh possesses histrionic talent of a Hussey, etc., etc. i

with the respeetive Helens derine the twelve months, October 1903 to October 1907. That was considered to be a very large undertaking and some Ili:lions ignored the reepteet. The Warrington Ileerd, however, thought it would be wi to do the work and certain of the oleiali were instructed to take it in A meeting of the IVarrineton Board or Guardians was hand. ,When they had been at it for six held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, the Bev. T. R. or seven vreeks the Commission found out to Matthews presidinz. -There were also present : —Mrs. I their great surprise that the forms issued did not meet Wilkinson, Mrs. Collingwood, Rev. M. R van, Dr. their require nen's. so they issued forms of a -more Murray, Messrs. Q. Mather. W. Purnesa, W. C. Brooks. detei rerl character and calling for more work of a J. Billing°, A. Brooks, W. liouehten, W. Flannagan, R. ststisticd kind. The work having been completed the Bolton, E. L. Bent, R. PorsheN, J. C. Sutton (clerk), E. olicers made applicatioa for sane extra remeneration J. Sutton, (actine assistant clerk), -1. F. Awbery and the matter was referred to a coniraittea consisting (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate of the chairmen of the three relief committees and the Schools.) Chairman of the Board. The Committee recommended NOUSE COM NI ITTEE. thqt the follewine payments be made :—The Clerk, THE CON•rRACTS QUESTION. ; Mr.G ,rocatt £lO : Mr.Bowes,C.'lo ; Mr..4whery,2lo ; At a meeting of the House Committee it was resolved Mr. P. Ankland, £7 104. ; 'qr. Wright, £7 19. ; making that certificates be granted and that a book be kept by a total far the whole of the work of £5O. the medical officer and superintendent nurse containing Mrs. WILK INSON pointed out that £53 did not cover a record of progress made by the probationer nurses, all the expenses, as another person Was employed to Resist in the work ani was paid 35a. a week for several and the results of their examination. Nurse Holden was promoted to the vacant charge nurse's post at a salary months. of £3O rising to £32 10s. after one rear's approved Mr. Bof.roer said Some of the officiale had received service together With the usual indoor allowance. increases of salary, and that should be sufficient. A letter was received by the Committee from the Local The Committee's recommendation was approved. Government Board enclosing extracts from the auditor's' Mrs. WHAINsoet: I object to it. I think if they had report relative to contracts. It was resolved that in . half the amount they would be welt paid. . future the unsuccessful tenders be kept in the custody I THE NEW CLERK. of the Clerk under seal of the Board for the auditor to It was decided to invite the new clerk (Mr. Boteornley) to attend the next meeting of the Board, as examine. It was further resolved that the Clerk write I to the Local Government Board fully explaining the Mr..). C. Sutton's period of office will very shortly I methods of opening and deciding tenders,and to ask for (expire. their consent to a continuation of the practice. Mr. BILLING E in moving the adoption of the minutes ' said the Committee felt that if the Local Government Board knew that the House Committee which dealt with the tenders consisted of twenty-two of the twenty- eight guardians, it might influence their decision. The Local Government Board knew the arrangements in force hut they did not quite understand them. if the local Government Board insisted that the seal of the accepted tender should he broken in the 'Board room when the tenders came before the Board, they would have to take filet course. The CLERK: What you have explained is precisely what has been stated to them. Continuing he said every one knew what Was taking place in connection with certain Local Government Ponrd inquiries and that the great evil had been that a few members of a large Boerd had had entire control of the acceptance of contracts with such results as were now being revealed. lie knew that the Local Government Board did not for one moment suspect the Warrington Union hut they had to deal . with the principle itself end if it were lawful atad proper to refer tenders to a committee of twenty-two, then it was lawful and proper to refer them to a committee say of half-a-dozen. The principle of the law was that the Board of Guardians should receive at their Board meetings tenders for contracts which ehonld be eneened in the presence of the whole Board. That was the principle which the Local Government Board wanted to enforce, because if they gave way to the Warrington Union because of certain customs which in spirit were not against the law, how could they refuse tbe same thing to other Unions? lie recommended the Board to instruct him to write stating that they would take note of the Local Government Board's recom- mendations. Mr. MATTIF,R seconded the adoption of the minutes. Mr. A. lieesetcs said the recommendation of the House Committee was very natural and there was nothing out of the ordinary in asking the Local Govern- ment Board to consider what the House Committee proposed. He should support the confirmation of the minutes exactly as they stood. When the new revile- Hots for the acceptance of tenders were formu- lated, the idea was to keep the prices of unsuccessful tenderers secret. There Wes a feeling amongst the Guardians at that time that a great many traders did not tender because their prices were made known all over the towmand it was to obviate that sort of thing that the regulations were brought into force. He believed they had had a very beneficial effect in getting good tenders from people who would not compete under the old conditions. The Local Government Board should be approached on the lines suggested by the House Committee. They could only refuse. 'l'hn Guardians had given way on the point of burning the unsuccessful tenders which would in future be kept under seal and produced to the auditor. The CLERK said he did not like to he the medium of putting before the Local Government Board a segges- tion that they should act illegally or allow the Guardians to act illegally, lie would, however, do so if it were the Board's instructions. Mr. FURNESS said he did not see much difficulty in following out the suggestions of the Clerk and comply- ing with the Local Government Board's requirements by having the tenders opened before the whole Board. It would then be within their province to relegate the tenders to the House Committee for selection. It was ultimately decided that the portion of the minutes referring to the tenders be referred back to

the House Comrattee. The remainder of the minutes were approved. CONFERENCE REPRESENTNTIVES. Mr. BILLINGE moved that the Chairman, Vice- chairman, Chairman of the Schools Committee and the Clerk shonld represent the Board at the North-Western Poor Law Conference. Mr. FURNESS seconded sad remarked that as time went on he should make it his duty to see that as far as possible every member of the Board had an opportunity of attending conferences and gaining what knowledge he could. The motion wad agreed to. EXTRA REMUNERATION FOR OFFICIALS. Mr. BILLINGE stated that the Commissinners on the Poor Law in September, 1906, requested Boards of Guardians throughout the country to furnish them with a detailed statement as to the relief S:d. in connection

, , . ''. ' ' ' 4'. • . • •. -• , • • •-•- - _ • - • .• - , . • .• ..• -t • :; • • . • - , ..• „ _ . • " . - ---•- - • • ••• . • - • • .. , , • _ - _ - - .• . _ . • „ _ „ ..• _ • . • . . , • - •

===== 0002601_19080613_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
- ' -

WARRINGTON HUD OF GUARDIANS.

The Contracts Qaestino.

HIS NERVOUS COLLAPSE Reduced Him to a Wreck.

A Despairing, Nerve-Stricken Man, after Months of Misery, finds a Complete Cure in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

The fact that he was a victim of Nervous Exhaus- tion was not realized by Mr. HARIIY TIMEX , of 19, Alina-stieet, Aston, Birmingham, during the several months he was t.rmented by severe headaches, great depression of spirits and acnte debility. Then, when a sudd,n nervous collapse developed, his condition became so serious that there seemed to he no hope of a cure, or even relief. Mr. Truetnan is well to-day and undisturbed by nervous disorders, having been completely cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, his only regret being that he did not turn to this splendid nerve remedy at an eat liqr stage of his troubles _ - -

" I liad been subject to a languid worn-out feeling for manilla," said Mr. Truernan, " but did not connect this oith he headaches, depression of spirits, and debility that hung over •me. A doctor supplied me with tonics. but gradually I became more and more miserable an I weak.

'clpless." - " After some months I suffered a sudden nervous collapse that reduced me to a wretched plight. Then Nervous Despepsia seized me, every morsel of food causing agony. Dry weight steadily fell from 11 tst. to 3 st ,and I had only strength enough to walk at a crawl. Though the doctor sail, Don't despair,' I felt helpless, and my shattered nervous system caused me such acute misery that I dreaded to be left alone ; yet I disliked company. Gong upstairs made me breathless, while my hands trembled and I had featful attacks of dizziness. " One evening I read in a booklet the messages of men who told how new health had been found in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I ceased taking ordinary medicine and began with these pills. After taking two boxes I was able to sleep better at night and free from nervous disturbances. Every day saw some improvement. Gradually the pains of dyspepsia declined, my food nourished me, and I knew I was being cured. After a few boxes I recovered my full strength, a good colour and my lost weight. Ever since then I have felt well."

, AND THOUSANDS 511' 53. - - Satnrday he took the opportuniCy of witnessing some c—o-ri;ideratiori. ft is hare that the Humber scores by As a splendid nerve tonic fur overworked, worried, of the games in ths individual merit competition on its magnificent nervous men there is no remedy more valuable than the Cemetery Hotel green,Warriegton•There is no more little magnificent workmanship and matetial, and how this item counts in the case of the popular car is Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They give enthusiastic supporter of the game than the Borough shown in the following experience of Mr. T. Burnside, New, Rich, Red Blood to debilitated systems, and Member, and he was cordially welcomed by the bowlers of Thorndide, Delgany, co. Wicklow. " The Beeston have cured Nervous Disorders, Rheumatism, Sciatica, who were prosout in such large numbers at this interest- H b number has given me complete satisfaction," he writes, e contest. With regard to the games,three men in C. "and I have travelled nearly 3,000 miles on bad roads Eczema, St. Vitus' Dance, and Paralysis ; unrivalled in (Warrington), J. T. Lea (Green Dragon), and all through the winter and the repairs have only been a also for Ladies' Ailments. 133 w on your guard and . Fielding (George), each succeeded in getting home few shillings. Although the car IS 3013. p. I have only accept the genuine only (seven words) of dealers ; by the odd chalk after bard fights. It. Fairbrother had one puncture." From all parts the same testimony also direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, (Ball's Head) played a very strong game against A. is received of the truly remarkable lightness of the Holborn Viaduct, London, post free, 25. 9(1. for one Porter (Urmston), only allowing him to register three Humber cars on tyres—another considerable item in the box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes. points. The score card in this game which only lasted • .. imotorist's bill of costs. ,

' • - • 4:4 r "Thcugh the doctor said, Don't despair,' I felt It -

===== 0002601_19080613_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
Saturday was an ideal day for cricket and local devotees of the summer pastime were busily engaged. The Warrington eleven fulfilled a League fixture with Newton at Arpley, but the numerous supporters of the Warringtonians who assembled wera doomed to dis- appointment, the visitors triumphing by 21. Warrington played the strongest side which has done duty this season. Going to the wicket first, Newton amassed 135, the feature of the innings being the fine display of IL Lyons who carried out his bat after making 65.

W'arrington made a p3or start, two wickets being down for seven runs. The prospects improved, however, when .7. Callon and T.Wright became associated. Wright was in brilliant f orm and ran up 55 ‘,efore he was caught by Harrison,while Callon made 15. The Rov.Horace Gray again appeared in the Warrington ranks but the great expectations created by his grand inning of the previous week were not realized.as he was caught off the first ball ty W.Wright. W. H. Pocimore, who was suffering from an injured hand, contended himself with keeping his wicket intact and his long stay only produced 4 runs.

Warrington 2nd continue their victorious career, Newton 2nd falling easy victims on Saturday. Warrington made 155, S, Baxter (53 not out) and P. B. Hawtin (49) batting splendidly. Newton could not make much headway against the Warrington bowlers and their .innings closed for 59. Bennett captured. 4 wickets for 21 runs, Thewlis 3 for 29 and Warren 3 for 4.

In the Warrington and District League St. James's accounted for the" Guardian "eleven by a majority of 25, W. Minards (14) and J. Cartwright (13) being the top scorers. Wilcierspool Brewery accounted for Rylands' Bros. with 9 runs to spare while Bewsey Wesleyans trounced Walker's Brewery by 61.

There were two matches in connection with the Warrington and District Junior Leagve. Warrington Excelsiors were triumphant over Orford, the most successful batsmen being H. Wilcox (18) and J. Ditch- field (16). Marsh-house-lane inflicted a defeat on Lovely-lane by a majority of 34, a feature of the game being the great array of "ducks." For he winners Mann took five wickets for one run and Llramhall fiVe for two.

The following is the Warrington Junior League table to June Bth :

P. W. L. D. Pte. Sankey CC. ..... .... . 6 ... 4 ... 1 ... 1 ... 9 Nfarsh-house Line *O.O 6 ... 4 ... 1 ... 1 .. 9 Holy Trinity C.C. All Stints 0.0 St. James C.O W. Excelsior:l C.O St. Mary's C.C. Orford C.C. Lovely Lane 6 1 4 1 ... 3 Matches for To-day. ' St. James' v. Holy Trinity. _ _ . __ . -- -

St.lfary's v. Marsh Howie Lane. Orford v. Lovely Lane. . Sankey v. Warrington Exceisiors.

Sankey Wire Mills experienced a drubbing from Widnes White Bose on their own ground. The Wire Mills eleven were all tumbled out for 26 and Widnes passed this total before their first two batsmen were separated, their innings totalling 130. W. Woodcock took five wickets for 25 runs and Harry Brough was the Wire Mills' most successful latsman, knocking up 26 not out.

Latchford Baptists visited Garswood liall and suffered defeat at the bands of the second eleven by 33. Alsopp (31) and Barbottle (32 not out) batted in fine style for the winners, while Joseph Cox and J. AlbinsOn each made 14 for Latchford.

Stockton Heath entertained Brunswick (Runcorn) and were beaten by the narrow margin of 4. Ratcliffe made a fine display for the Heathens, his score being IT.

Warrington Municipal Officers Guild were victorious over Orford Barracks, being able to declare their innings at 172 for 5. while the soldiers were all dis- missed for 102. For the winners Dr. Smith, who made 81, batted splendidly and did not give a chance except the one which brought about his dismissal. The Chief Constable (33) and A. E. Hands (19 not out) also batted well.

Mr. W. ii. P3imore Stook a team to Aston Hall on Nfondav and gained a very easy victory. Mr. Podmore himself headed the scores with a capital 41, while T. \Vright and J. Thompson knocked up 35 and 26' respec- tively. 11. Banner captured seven wickets for four runs and W. 11. Podmore three for twelve.

Latchford Baptists were at Arley on Monday and an exciting game resulted in a tie. E. Harris for the visitors and J. V. Smith for the home team were the only players to mach double figures. making 15 and 13 respectively. 11. Smith bowled well for the home team, taking eight wickets for nine runs.

Orford indnlged in a Bank Holiday match with Orford seniors and were victorious by 63. W. Jolley (27) and S. Leigh fl 9) were in fine form with the bat.

The " Guardian " eleven registered a victory at the expense of the Trades Exhibition staff by 40 runs. Fell batted well for his 25 runs. C. Woodhead took six wickets for nine runs.

There was an interesting game at Liverpool on Monday between teams representing North Liverpool and District League and the Warrington and District League. The visitors batted first, and chiefly through the contributions of P. Sanders (32 not out), J. Duck- worth (16), It. Hallows (15), W. Howard (15), and C. F. Burrell (13), reached the satisfactory score of 112. S. Kneale for the home team took seven wickets for 43 runs. Liverpool opened their Innings against the deliveries of W. Howard and It. Hallows, the former keeping a splendid length, and bowling almost through- out the innings. T. Bramner (2)), T. Baron (18), and T. Cluoas (14) were the only scorers of particular note, and their venture realized 86, Warrington thus winning a splendid game by 29 runs. W. Howard took five wickets for 36 runs, IL Craddock three for ten, and G. McGowan two for six.

The Warrington Works Competition proceeds apace and on Tuesday evening the two local breweries met in the second round, Walker's (No. 2) were triumphant over the Wilderspeol men, making 81 for 9 wickets against Wilde,spool 51. J. Smith was in good form with the bat and made 22 not out.

Grappenhall did a satisfactory week end's work, being victorious over Lostock Gralam on Saturday and Appleton Hayes on Monday. In the first matchß. Gifford distinguished himself with a fine innings which realized 31 and J. Warburton also gave a good display for his 29. James Borrows and A. Evans each made 17 in the encounter with Appleton Hayes.

Holy Trinity met St. Mary's on Saturday. and achieved a victory by 47 runs. Holbrook distringuisbed himself with a fine display which produced 39. On Monday there was an exciting encounter with Warring- ton Excelsior, Holy Trinity winning by a single run. Alaybury was in great form with the bat and knocked up 52, Willcock (23) • being the top scorer for Excelsiors. _

Warrington Thursday team visited Lymm on Thursday afternoon and met with a severe defeat. Warrington were all out for 43, to which Lymm responded with 148 For Warrington the tcp scorer was Sergeant Major lngram (10). J. Ferns (Lyrnm) took two wickets for no runs. The most successful batsmen for the home team were W. Bolt (67), J. Ferns (29), and C. H- Wilson (15). Mr. W. H. Podrnore bowled well for Warrington taking three wickets for one run. Next Thursday the team will visit Widnes when it is hoped they will have better luck.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
Monday's proceedings were opened by same very fair bowling. Tommy Glover played his usual clever game and his opponent never had a look in, only scoring six shots. A pleasing win to the crowd was that of G. Bell, sen., who again played a fine game against G. Drinkwater, who only got four points. J. Gleave qualified for the third round after a tough struggle with C. P. Hough (Pendleton), who only succumbed by the narrow margin of three. A big win was obtained by I. P. Carson over J. W. Plinston, who got as far as five and then stuck there. The game between J. C. Howe, one of the past winners, and A. Gleave, who is greatly fancied this year. was most exciting, the latter having a good lead at 18 -12, but Rowe, playing a fine uphill game, actually got in front at 20-19. but lost by the odd chalk. Another fancied man in T. Ellison, easily got the better of the proprietor, J. Allison, winning 21-7. One of the best wins of the second round was that of young W. Fielding over Harry Bulks, who is undoubtedly -11, bit smart at the game, and Fielding should feel well pleased with his performance. Joseph Harrison gained a victory over R. Fairbrother by 21-12.

On Wednesday the second, third and fourth rounds were completed. Warrington representatives were well to the fore and achieved some creditable victories. T. Ellison emerged triumph- ant from the fourth round, defeating H. Taylor, also of the Warrington Cemetery team, by 21-17. G. Ball, senior, accounted for his man (G. Cross, Heatley) by 21-7, whilst A Gleave (Bull's Head) had to bow the knee to G. Ball, jun., who won by 21-13.

The event will be concluded on Monday next. No fewer than twelve members of the green are included in the final sixteen, and it is more than likely that the championship will come to Warrington for the second time. The following is the first round draw A. Scott v. T. Harrison ; J. Harrison v. T. Glover; A. Rostern v. G. Ball, jun. ; T.Hurnphries v. J.Gleave; James Weave v. T.Hackett ; G. Ball,sen., v. T. Ellison; R. Antrobus v. G. Holbrook; R. Trigger v. F. Yarwood

Attention has rightly been drawn to the advisability of numbering competitors in competitions connected with the Associations. If the system of pinning num- bers to each competitor, as has been the custom at sports meetings, were adopted by the L. and C., it would be of great assistance to the spectators who attend the Association's gatherings slid are not familiar with the players.

In connection with the local works 'competition, the first round for the Finlayson Cup was continued on Saturday, when Crosfleld's No. 2 beat Naylor's (165-78) and Monk's Hall defeated Ryland's No. 2 (147-133).1 Crosfleld's got the upper band of Naylor's from the beginning and were only unsuccessful in two games. One of the closest contests was that in which J. Dobson defeated W. Taylor by 15-11. Dabson started exceed- ingly well, having twelve points to his credit at the eighth end to Taylor's one. Taylor then made headway, getting ones and twos whilst Dobson remained at twelve. At the fifteenth end the game stood in Dobson's favour by one point (12-11), and as two more ends were likely to close the gone there was intense excitement,but the soap representative got three points in that time and so ran out winner by 15-11. T. Jackson defeated E. Lunt in grand style by 15-0. Another crushing defeat awaited J. Barnard (Naylor's). His opponent (D. Stokes) gained all the points except one, and so was victorious by 154. Two other of Naylor's men (J. Block and C. Ward) were also severely trounced, getting only two points each. The captain of the same team (J. Howarth) was also defeated by 15-5.

Rylands No. 2 suffered a reverse at the hands of Monks Dail No. 1, who were victorious by 117-133. 11. Newton (Rylands) le all the way in his encounter with B.Dutton.The former did not let his adversary even catch up to him and so won by 15-11. F. Scarisbrick played well for his eight. His opponent (A. Worrell) got the first point but Scarisbrick registered the next three. They after wards drew level (5-5) hut Worrell got ahead and finally won by 15-8. E. Blackledge (Rylands) was severely defeated by W. Thomason. Blackledge got the first point—but it was his last. The game wee finished at the eleventh end. &Rowlands (Monks Hall) looked as if he was going to defeat H. France by a large majority. The former won every end until the eleventh when the score was 7-7. France then turned the tables and gained the next four points when they again drew level. Rowlands was successful with lila wood and they ran on alternately for a couple of encl. when France got ahead of R iwlands and after an excit- ing finish ran out victorious by 15-12.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

We know for a fact that many riders have tired of the old-fashioned oil cycle-lamps, with their tendency to iog out and their liability to mess one's fingers and smell more or less vilely. There is a future for the lamp which is made to eliminate these faults. We have recently been using one of the well-known "Neverout" cycle lamps marketed by the British American Co., of Coventry. This lamp burns paraffin: or to be more correct, paraffin vapour. The reservoir is packed with cotton-wool and you pour as much paraffin as the wool will absorb. There is consequently no grease once the lamp is filled, and the light given is splendid. The lamp never smokes and cannot explode, while in appearance 'whether illuminated or " out" it is most handsome. Each lamp is supplied with detachable brackets so that it can be attached to either the head or fork of the machine, according to the rider's desire. When the ,1 shorter days come many riders will find they require a new lamp. Try the " Neverout."

G. A. 01ley who is making an attempt on the Land's End to John o'Groats' record, arrived at Warrington at 12.22 p.m. on Thursday and left at 12.45, going strong. This time was two hours better than the previous record, 011ey having left Land's End at 10.40 on Wednesday morning.

-- A glorious holiday, with the time all too short, was the unanimous verdict of the members of the Warring- ton Cycling Club on their return !min the Whitsuntide tour.

Leaving Warrington on Saturday noon they travelled rola Chester and on to Ellesmere, making this lovely spot their centre, from which the various places of interest in the vicinity were explored. The weather, not too hot, Was ideal from a cycling point of yiew,anil altogether the Whit tour of 1908 will long be remem- bered by all those who were fortunate enough to par- ticipate in it.

Cuerdley was the run down for decision on Tuesday evening, the members engaging the Wjdnes Cycling Club at bowls on their native heath. Owing to various causes only a very moderate number put in an appear- ance, with the result that the Warrington boys did not come out on top. Eloviever, they hope to make amends in the return match which will be decided in the course of a week or two.

Nearly 40 members were to be seen out at Sankey on Wednesday evening, where the handicap was in full swing, and some very good games were witnessed.

Through an alteration in the Club programme Hunts Cross will be again visited to-day, and the run to Bollington will most probably be carried out later on in the season.

Water Polo. At a swimming gala at Chester on Wednesday unde I the auspices of the local swimming club, the chief item I was a water polo match between Chester and %Warrington. Bowling. The visitors showed th 3 smarter play, and won by 4 , goals to 2. Jones kept goal for the home team in The first county match under the anspices of the clever fashion, especially in the second half when British Crown Green and Amateur Bowlirg Association defending the deep end. The goals were scored for between Lancashire and Cheshire v. Staffordshire ' Warrington by Ashton, Pemberton, and Allen (2), and ' proved a runaway victory for the representatives from for Chester by White and Edwards. Lancashire. Greater interest is centred in the county --- matches this season than heretofore, owing to the fact Wilfred Edwards, who has earned the great distinc- that Mr. A. IL Crosdeld. M.P., first president of the tion of being England's representative at the Olympic British Crown Green Association, has offered a Silver Games, gave an exhibition of his swimming powers. Challenee Trophy to be held by the winning coUnty, He covered 50 yards in 25 sec., and it as announced whilst Messrs. Lloyd, Payne, and Amiel have promised that if it had been officially timed it would have stood a solid gold medal to the Lancashire and Cheshire as a world's record. Edwards belongs to a Chester county player with the best average in county matches, family of noted swimmers. The first two on the green were G. Holbrook (War.. I rineton) and W. Southall (Wolverharcnton). This I proved to be a very even game, the former eventually winning by six points. THE COST OF MOTORING. -- The question of the actual cost of running a high- Mr. A. H. Crortiold, M.P., is the President of the powered car is a frequent topic of discussion and the ! Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association, and on item for " repairs" has usually to be taken closely into ._. _ . .

===== 0002601_19080613_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY nOTBALL.

Northern Union Meeting

Before the annual general meeting of the Northern Rugby Union in Huddersfield on Thursday evening a meeting of the General Committee was held, with Mr. Ashton, of Warrington, in the chair. Permission was given to the Hull Kingston Rovers and the Hull Football Clubs to make a charge at a practice match in August, the proceeds to be devoted to Hull medical charities. The Treherbert F.C. was admitted into membership of the Union. The follow- ing were the dates allotted for cup-ties :—Qualifying stage: First round, Decembec, 12 ; second round, December 26 ; third round, January 16 ; fourth round February 13. Competition proper, February 27; second' round, March 13 ' • third round, March 27 ; semi-final, April 10 ; final, April 24. Messrs. Smith, Platt, Ashton, Cooke, Lyon, and the president were deputed a sub- committee to deal with all details connected with the visit of an Australian team during the coming season Later the annual general meeting of the Union was held. Mr. Ashton again presided. A statement of accounts for the past season showed a balance in hand of £1,056. During the season grants amounting to £317 were made in respect to junior and school foot- ball, and a sum of £79 was voted for charitable pur- poses. The Northern Union game, says the report, has given great satisfaction in Wales, and three additional clubs, Gorseinion, Treherbert, and Mid- Rhondda, have notified officially their inten- tion to join the Union. The visit of the Now Zealand team was an undoubted success the share paid over to the visitors being £8,838. " Their visit," the report adds, "has done an immense amount of good to the game, not only in England but at the further ends of the earth. Strong Leagues have been formed to play our game in Australia, a representative team from which Continent will be with us next season, when the Committee trust that the same enthusiam and good feeling will be shown towards them as was to their predecessors from New Zealand." The report and balance-sheet were adopted unani- mously, and the meeting proceeded to the consideration of proposals by various clubs to alter by-laws, rules, and laws of the game. Nothing of importance in this way was done. Proposals by Salford, Swinton' Ebbw Vale, Wakefield Trinity, and Halifax with regard to the constitution. of the Union Committee were lost, and the Committee remains constituted as before. A proposed additional law that senior clubs should have prior claim upon the services of players in their local mtertuediate 12agues vrus. not carried, the feeling being

that it was unfair to bind any young 'player and iireirnit him from doing the best be could for himself in the choice of a club and in the matter of wages. By a curious oversight the scoring of tries is not recognised in Law I. of the game setting out the object of play. " The object of the game," it says, "shall be to kick the ball over the crossbar and between the posts." Try scoring is not mentioned. The omission (which, if memory serves, exists also in the Rugby Union rules) was remedied by the insertion of the words" to cross an opponent's goal line to score tries" before the words "kick the ball," &c.

-- An interesting discussion took place upon a pro- posal by the Union Committee that the use of studs affixed to player's boots be prohibited. Instances were given of severe injuries having been caused to players by boot studs, and it was said that players were known to pare their studs to a point (with a view to making them more effectual in preventing slipping) till they became a source of greatest danger. A number of opposite views were expressed in the discussion as to whether bars were as effectual as studs. .1. Goldthorpe, a well-known foottialler in his day, said he found bars absolutely use- less. He thought they might as well give up the game altogether as abolish the use of studs. Mr. M`Cntcheon' of Oldham, an international three-quarter little more than a decade ago, said he never used any- thing hut bars, about which there was nothing danger- ous. He considered them less dangerous than studs. Other players of note agreed with him. In the end, however, the proposal to abolish stubs was lost, It was suggested that the Committee might do some- thing to fit a standard size for the ends of stues, thereby preventinir, players from whittling them down to a dangerous point.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
PEEBLES HOTEL HYDROPATEM.

For the combined advantages of thorough enjoyment outdoors and indoors, and permanent restoration to health, few holidays can compare with one spent M the Peebles Hotel Hydropathic. Ail its appointments are on the most sumptuous scale, and whilst being on the lines of a modern, high-class hotel, has at the same time that home comfort which is so delightful. The cuisine is of the highest order, and meals are served in the spacious dining broom at separate tables and with every luxury. The surroundings and scenery of Peebles are amongst the most beautiful in Scotland, the view from the terrace of heather-clad hills is one of exquisite beauty. The neighbourhood is full of historic interest, and there are delightful walks' motor rides, coach drives ift all directions. The roads are good for cycling. Good fishing may be obtained in the adjacent waters of the silvery Tweed. Every variety of amusement is to hand, and out of doors lovers of croquet, tennis, bowls, etc., can find ample opportunities in the spacious grounds. Close by a new 18-hole golf course has been opened. In the extensive cellarage every accommodation is given for motors. Motor cars are on hire, and daily excursions amongst delightful scenery are made by motor char-a-bancs. These are a few of the pleasures that await healthy holiday-makers. A complete system of baths of all kinds, together with the latest forms of electrical treatment are installed, and large numbers from all parts of the country have materially benefitted from these advantages. The social life of the hydro is a great feature from its very incep- tion. The recreation room is capable of accommodating about 300 for dancing, and all kinds of high class enter- tainments take place here after dinner. The Lounge which is so important a feature in modern hotel life, is fitted up with every luxury, and is highly appreciated by both ladies and gentlemen ; it forms the centre for indoor social life for the guests of the hotel. There is a large Billiard Room with three modern tables, and all the appointments tend to every comfort and luxury. An illustrated brochure is issued contain- ing exterior and interior views, • and can be had on application to Mr. Thiem, the managing director, by. post by any of our readers.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
" PRINCESS " A,T THE WHITE CITY.

A beautiful grey horse, no different in appearance from the many hundreds which are seen daily, but one possessing a mind almost human, has fairly captivated thousands of lovers of dumb animals, as well as set thousands of Whitsuntide visitors guessing as to whether or not a horse could possibly he gifted with the power of thought. The horse in question is " Princess Trixie," the peer of any trained horse in the world, whose marvellous performances startled all London, and brought about a commend to appear before the Royal Family at Windsor. Thousands of letters have been received by Mr. Harrison Barnes, trainer and owner of the gifted 1" Princess Trixie " from sceptical persons seeking information as to just how he taught his animal charge to display such remarkable intelligence. Men, women, and children, have flocked to the quarters of the " Princess "daily and applauded vociferously when the " Princess " without the slightest cue from her master, told the time of day by looking at the watch of a person in the audience, picked out van-coloured cloths to describe the costume of ladies present, counted the audience, spelled the names of many present, and, then wound up her performance by making change on a cash register for sums of Toney. Another free attraction which will delight the patrons of the White City is listed to begin June 22nd, when the Three Rohrs,the most daring cyclists in all England will give a sensational bicycle act, the equal of which has not been seen for years.

Chas. Fordets asi e.

are the original world-famed family medicine and the most reliable cure for that tired feeling, pimples and blood impurities, liver trouble, dizzines:, r.oises in the head, headache, indi- gestion, biliousness, conitipation, female ailments, and all those disorders which upset the con- stitution most readily when the heavy atmosphere and warmth of Summer become oppressive. Sold by all chemists in sealed boxes, /1 & 2/9, and can be had at same prices direct from The Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., 45, Cow Cross Street, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
MY DMV

I am pleased to say that the ... are coming in very well indeed. I hope to recciva a few more during the week, and shall then have pleasure in publishing the best re- ceived. I cannot promise to send a prize to all senders of stories, poetry, etc., but only when special competitions are announced; but I am, always pleased to send a little pocket mirror to any member, if requested, whose contribution is published. Now, I am not going to take up much.space this week, as such a lot of stories, etc., have conic to hand, and I want to publish c.s many as possible. With 'love, UNCLE NED.

I really don't think there is any place so good for a real game of romps as a hayloft, because you can't hurt or spoil anything. and you can't—at least, not very easily—hurt your- selves.

When I was a little girl we had a very -big hayloft, and many were the happy days we spent there. Our favourite game was explorzers. We used to set off on a journey through the hay, from one end of the loft to the other. fay brother Ted went first, because his strong arms made a path through the forest, as we called the hay, then came Doris the baby, and then I came last of all. "To-day," Ted would say grandly, "we will go to the North Pole," and off we, used to start quite happily. Now and again, for a great treat, mother let us have our tea in the hayloft. Oh, what fun it was! And how we laughed when dust got into the tea and hay into the sandwiches.

-4-- FATHER'S RETURN HOME. Raindrops patter, Hailstones clatter, Round the cottage sweeps the gab; Raging, moaning, , Blustering, groaning, Now a roar and now a wail. Dripping, dreary, Shivering, weary, Father comes in from the gloom; Brightly glowing, Welcome throwing. Shines the firelight thro' the roo--.Z. Blue eyes beaming, White teeth gleaming, Peeps the youngest from his cot; Little Lizzie, Blithe and busy, Makes the supper nice and hot. These are pleasures, These are treasures, Wealth and power may fail to brig; Radiance casting, Pure and lasting, Joys from honest toil that spring. FL° S SIE; NEAL.Z.

•"'"•,rn;:lt.i.,:!:::-..,1:%,',..-t.,',,-,,,o..-4,. •r1:::...„.---,-.--,:,-.2:-,-,--:,,.,:,..t.,::,.i5-r'-4`.:-:'""'''''''.-Tir.."."?.K,-.17.•.:::"%e5•'. ..';?',',.!.1,.. ....,,„ ..----. ...,5. iiiiii:?.2%-i-14 ..-7:10k7,41 'l° '•..:.Z!:1: ' ...: ....4:-.,:,:......;-.01...4 Am-4S' ''''''' A '..:.. -.o.;Vt*--,..--. m D '1:17::,•-......,„ NED: •";_vi„( -- ..,—,,,w / 7:, - . ,--1., -, -- , , ..1. if , ....-c'-4:,-;40-4:* . ,/: 4.i.;,, Op ...,,,.:.;,47- • :,-. --4.,:v., .' . , -,:.::.i.t..A:, 1' 411:130,' -.:A.-..-..- .- -.- ,e4k3 •yJ ~,.44- -:. ..., ,:....,..0./,::::.'0.. -, • ;1•1 '', -....-; et*-vvia -,;,,,== R CHILDREN, IN THE HAY LOFT. ~t the conundrums'

===== 0002601_19080613_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
-+--. WELCOME TO

Dorothy Cheshire, Doris Ayres, Nellie Bissett, m cline Shortridge, Walter Tomlinson, Jim Halstead, Jim King, Harry King, Fred Nuttall, Edward Killingbeck, Joe Eastwood, Vernon Illoor, Albert Bloor, Richard Ayrton, Archie Stott, Walter Stott, Richard Bloor, Harry Tom.' litn•on, Richard Tomlinson, Tom Coupe, Richard Tricket, Albert Pickles, Riehard liewarth, John Hayhurst, Laurence Ormrcxl, Tatnes Mclntyre, Laurence Halliwell, William Howarth, John Hollgate, James Clarke, Frank Trueman, Willie -Graham, Tom Stott, John Whittaker, Dixon Worsley, Tom Worsley, James Worsley. Martha Coupe, Sarah Ellen Bloor, Annie Nuttall, Sarah Nuttall, Susannah Whit- taker, Ethel Keene, Edith Keene, Maggie Parkinson, Nancy Pilkington, Lilly Walms- ley, Katey Welsh, Kate Taundry, Lizzie Sa!iclani, Emnialine Birtwell, Maggie Hayhurst, Edna Law, Jessie Halstead, Hilda Halstead, May Greenwood, Ann Alice Heap, Annie Tom- linson, Dorothy Wallwork, Dorothy Riley, Ethel Hcap, Ada Dean, Betsy Brown, Roda Rams- bottom, Emma Higson, Fanny Leach, Polly Itowndhill, Clara Law.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
__+___

Mirrors have been sent to Dorothy Cheshire, Doris AyreS, Minnie Groom. .

THE LIFEBOAT.

It was in the montn of April, six years ago. Theze was a great storm off the Yorkshire eat. The fishermen who belonged to a little iilay on the coast were out at sea. They wele in great distress, and made signals to the people, on shore. The waves were mounting hi,J.ll over their boats, and they would • soon be z ed. The lifeboat must be put out to save them. . But these men in danger were them- selves the crew of the lifeboat. -

The men and women of the village were gathered on the shore. There was a call for men who would go out in the lifeboat. Enough men at once stepped forward to risk their own lives for the sake of their friends. The women, too, did their share. They helped to push the boat out. This was a work of Jam-,er. The women had to wade into the sea, and were beaten about by the great waves. Then they waited until their brothers and 11,1C.Iand3 were brought safely to the beach. What gladness there was then! ELSIE CHAMBERLIN.

THE HOLIDAY. Pet the books and slates away, . This is the sunny 'First of June, And we will go this afternepn Over the hills and far away. Hurrah! we will have a holiday, Anl thro' the wood and up the glade Well ,g 0 in sunshine and in shade Over th'e hills and far away. The wild-rose blooms on every spray, In all, the sky is not' a cloud, And merry songs are ringing loud Over the; hills and far away. Not cue of us behind must stay, But little ones and all shall go \,shere summer breezes gently blow, Over the hills and far away. DOROTHY CHESHIRE.

113117 COULD YOU BLAME HIM? At a dinner party, John, the coachman, had hi to help to wait at dinner. Amongst .!tc ;:uests was it deaf old lady. The coachman :Lulling vegetables to the deaf one: "Seas. .0mn?" No answer from the. deaf lady. "Peas, itn?" (louder). Still no answer from the deaf lady, who now, bending forward, placed her ear-trumpet to her ear, and lifted it to thc man, who, glancing down the tube, ejaculated "Well, it is a funny way of taking them, but 1 suppose she likes it. Here goes!" and down went the peas into the ear-trumpet.

A SENSIBLE WIFE. He wanted a practical girl to wed, A tidy and sensible girl he said; A girl who was knowing, yet not too fast— Ile searched and searched, and .found her

last. But this-was a year and a-half ago— A. year awl a-half that had seemed so— though 'twera only a cruel and heartless joke, ror wasn't he sent to the cellar to smoke? And didn't tl practical lady fuss ,Vhenever he made some trivial muss,

..I,Thh rapers and things; and wasn't she C102.[, .-.7;lienc'et he put things on the tablecloth! ae's dreaming to-day of a woman fair, ' Whose tidiness stops at her gowns and hair, 'cilicae practical pumps are not in evidende, Wlaj has only average feminine sense. ANNIE BARNES.

LOGICAL.

A little boy was once having tea, when he said to his mother, "Mamma, I wish my mouth was a little lower down." Mother': " Why? " Tommy: "Why! If my mouth was lower down I wouldn't have *to put my nose in the cup when I alai drinking.'

Bob war; pl,2sing a grocer's shop when he saw the sign. "Boy wanted," hanging up outside. 1-lob pror.r...iitly picked up the sign and carried it into the shop. . " Why have you brought that sign inside?" asked the grocer, looking rather angry. "Because you won't want it any more," TC- plied Bob. "I'm going to take the job." The grocer was so amused that Bob got it.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFES6IONAL.

The little daughter of a homeopathic physi- cian received a ring with a pearl in it on the Christmas tree' Two days later she poked her head tearfully in at the door of her father's office: "Papa," she sobbed; "Papa, I've lost the little pill out of my ring." GwEistriorariz LITTLIC.

THE LANCRT An excellent Jelly, possessing a flavour of quite a natural character."

GOLD JELLIES. MEDAL

lOillit)

===== 0002601_19080613_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
In I/. & 2/6 This; also 4d. Packets.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0177.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

===== 0002601_19080613_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday June 13, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
NO RELAPSE IN WARRINGTON.

It is often said to a sick person, " You're all-right now, but we must guard against a relapse." Donn's Pills put you all right and also saeguard you against a relapse. Here is Warrington evidence straight to the point. "I have never been laid up like I used to be since I used Doan's pills ; they have made a wonderful differ- ence in my health, and I have told numbers about them." The above was told to one of our representatives by Mrs. L. Bolton, 7, Oldham-street, Latchford, Warrington, over eighteen months after we first heard of the benefit she had derived from Doan's pills. In describing her case, just after she sas cured, Mrs. Bolton said :—" When I began with Doan's pills I was almost doubled up with the pains in my back. If I stooped at all, my back was so weak that I could not get up for some minutes, and then I had to stand still for a while. At other times the pains caught me like stabs from a knife, and I felt liko falling. "But since taking Doan's pills I have lost all the pains, and my back is much stronger. I am better in every way, cud Doan's pills are the only medicine I have to thank, as before I used them no n..edicine did me any good. (Signed) L. Bolton." Backache, shooting or continuous pains in the head, limbs or joints, urinary disorders, broken sleep, con- tinual tiredness or nervousness, are some of the symptoms of Kidney disease. Rheumatism, Dropsy, Gravel, Stone, Neuralgia, Lumbago are some of the ills caused by Kidney disease. Doan's Pills act directly and effectively upon weak and diseased kidneys. Doan's 13 ickache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. You are sure to get the right medicine if you ask distinctly for DOAN'S.

NEW BRIGHTON TOWER. The Whitsuntide attendance at New Bfighton Tower set up a new lot of records all along the line for amusements at that popular resort. The total paid attendance was nearly 51,000 and everyone of the many shows, rides, devices etc., in the grounds was taxed to its utmost capacity by crowds of pleasure seekers. The figure 8, took in more money than any Figure 8 in America or Europe ever did before. The Cummins Brown Wild West gave six performances in order to satisfy the constant crowds crying for the Show. This entertainment has certainly hit the public fancy and every day sets constantly increasing and delighted audiences at. the at the perforrnan3es. Nlanager J. Calvin Brown made no error in bringing over to England this big company of Indians, Cowboys, Bucking Horses etc. To-day the 10th Annnal Brass Band Contest for the Tower Cup Value £lOO and some cash prizes will take place at the Tower on the open plaza. Twenty of the best bands of the district are entered and an equal number of excursions will he run to the Tower, for the interest in these band competi- tions is very great throughout all the North of England.

'

===== 0002601_19080613_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE ASSOCIATION.

INDIVIDUAL MERIT COMPETITION.

The individual merit competition was continued on the green at the Cemetery Hotel,Warrington, on Satur- day and Monday. Scores :- - FIRST BOUND.

H. Holloway, Leigh d.in-ater,Warrington C 4 J. Bedworth, War. B. H. 21 A. Perkins, Irlam T.Humphrey,War'gton C 21 T. Rhodes,Nevvton lB G. Shaw, Rylands 2l R. Maxwell, Pendleton 10 3. Harrison, Leigh H. Tilling, Warrington 2l H.Taylor,WarringtonC 13 A. Fielding, George 2l J.S. Crowther, Harp'hy 15 T. Hackett, Wgtn. B. H 21 I'. Burk, Warrington C. 12 G. Monks,Warrington C 21 G. H. Smith, Red Lion 12 J. Corner, Irlam 2l J.Locker,Warrington C 16 S. Ratcliffe,War'gton C2l li.Fogg, Waregton B.H. 15 J.Hampson Leigh Ltd %V. Brooks, Leigh Ltd 2l W. Mantle,Gen Dragon 11 J. Woods, NVarrington C 2l A. J. Jones, W'gton C. 15 A. Shaw, George W. Fielding George W. Taylor, War'gton C 2l R. Tilling, W'gton C. 13 J. T. Lea, Heatley W. T. Harrison, Temple 21 11. Faulkner, Urmston 13 R. Daniels, Gr'n Dragon 21 C. Hailing, George l4 R. Fairbrother, W'gton 21 A. Porter, Urmston C. Holden, Wgton C. ... 21 J. Bird, War'gton B. 11. 15 G. Isherwood, Win'gton 21 H. Burnett, Urmston 2O C. Roberts, W'gton 8.11. 21 A. Forde, War'gton C l7 T. Glover, Leigh R'way 21 J. Wrench, W'gton B.H. 6 J. C. Herde, Didsbrtry ... 21 S.-Jenks, W'gton Cem. 20 W. Buckley, Irlam 2l T. Talbot, N'ton-le-W, 17 J. Nicholas, Win'ton P 2l C W Smith, Pendleton 17 H. Arnold, jun. Didsbury 21 G. Tillin, Rylands l6 J. Corner, Main w.o. J Shaw, Green Dragon ab. P, H. Lee, Knntsford w.o. H. Boyle, Didsbury ...ab. H. Emmott, Wgton w.o. J. S. Kay, George ab. 11. Banks, Broughton —m.o. J. Duggan, Urmston ab. C. P. Hough. Pendleton vv.° H. Mather, W'gton C ab. J. Evans, W'gton B.H. w.o. A. Twiss, Angel ab. J. Litt, Urmston w.o. J. Forsyth, Kersal ab. F. Yarwood, W'gton C. w.o. G Eastwood, Wg'ton C ab. J. W Plinston, W'ton C. w.o. D. H. Beard, Belmont ab. G. Drinkwater, D'abury w.o. W. Howarth, Red Lion ab. W. Faulkner, Urroston w.o. T. Chorlton, Dibsbusy ab. J. R. Knight,Rylands...w.o. J. Bothwell, Leigh ab. G. Ball, jun.,W'gton C. w.o. W. Collins, Leigh ab. P. Warrington, L. Bet'nw.o. H. DaWllOll, Trim ab. P. Carson, George w.o. E.Bennington,Pen'ton ab. H. Harrison, Leigh R w.o. A. H. Parker, Kersal ab. G. Holbrook, W'gton C w.o. J. Yates, Irlam ab. S. Taylor, War'ton C....w.0. S. Sackville, Swinton ab. A. ()leave, War'ton 8.H.w.0. R. Robertson,Unnston ab.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND ROUND.

_ J. Berry, War'ton B.H. 21 W. Faulkner,Urms'n V. 9 H. Hughes, W'gton 13.11. 21 A. Vernon, W'ton Cem. 15 W. Taylor W'gton 13.11. 21 C. Holden, W'ton Cem. 11 J. Berry, Taylor, B.H. 21 H. Faulkner,Urms'n V. 9 E. Nield, Lord Nelson 21 J.E.Lea, Green Dragon 20 G. Cross, Green Dragon 21 A. Fielding, George ... 10 J. Wilkinson,Green Drag. 21 T. Dickinson, H'ton P. 13 W. Brooks, Leigh Ltd 21 J. Bevanton,War. Cam. 12 T. Humphreys, War. Cam 21 G. Marks, W'ton `,7exu. 20 D. Kirkham, Irlam 2l H. Harrison, Leigh R. 11 R. Rothwell, W'ton Cem 2l F. Smith, W'ton Cern. 11 T. Hackett, W'ton B.H 2l H.Enamott, Winton P. 12 H. Williams, W'ton B.H. 21 G. Shaw, son., Rylands' 19 S. Ratcliffe, W'ton Cem. 21 A. E. Boardmen,War. C. 15 A. Gleave, W'gton HZ—. 21 J. C. Howe, Didsbury 20 J. Gleave, W'gton 13.11 2l C. P. Harrop, P'ndlet'n 18 W. Taylor, W'gton Cem. 21 C. Holden, Wton CM. 11 A. Rosterne, W'ton Cem. 21 J. Holland,W'gton B.H. 10 G. Ball, see., W'ton Cem. 21 0. Drinkwater, D'bury 4 F. Glover, Leigh Ry. 21 J. R. Knight, Rylands 12 A. Scott, 'Marton Cem 2l S. Beaman, War'ton C. 6 A. Shaw,.Chorlton 2l H. Thomason, /Cford 19 G. Ball, jun. W'ton C 2l J. Hampson,Leigh Ltd. 15 T. Ellison, W'ton C. 2l J. Allison, W'ton Cem 7 J. Willington' W'ton C. 21 R. Daniels, G'n Dragon 17 T. Burke, W'ton Cem 21 J. Nicholas, Win'ton P. 17 T. Harrison, W'ton C 21 R. Williamson,N.-le-W. 13 J. Harrison, Leigh R 21 B. Fairbrother,W. B.H. 12 R. Sunderland, W'ton C2l H. Sharpies, Pendleton 20 L. P. Carson, George J. Connor, Irlam 2l W. T. Harrison,Temple 9 The tourney was resumed at the Cemetery Hotel, on Wednesday.. Results : THIRD R

===== 0002601_19080613_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

JUNE.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
TROIA ARRINGTON

Acton briuge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 255, a 3 33, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a Nedcoadays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 9 53, 11 12, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 4 42, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 3 p.m. Sundays 8 11, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (L, and 51.-W. Ta(bot-road)-5 3J, 7 11, 8 35,9 59, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 154, 4 42, 6 23; 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Suadtys 8 43, a.m. 6 0 pm. Chester-7 31, 8 17, 8 58, 95, 10 28, 11 30 a.m 1230, 140, 20, 319, 422, 4 45, 530, 64. 7 57, 8 5, 10 13, 11. 13, 11 57, p.m. Sundays-8 42, 10 45, a.m., 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 8 5, 8 23, 9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 33 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 31,9 sa.m. 1230,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, 6 4,8 5, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 34, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 10, 4 45, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 11, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25,1 15, 2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 637, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30, 10 35, all 30 p.m, a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10 6 0, 7 37, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 3 47, 5 15, G 20, 30, 104 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 31,9 5, 10 28 a.m. 1230, 20, 3 19, 422, 4 45, 5 25, 6 4,7 54,85,10 18,11 18 pan. Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30, 7 11, 835, 1055, 11 55 a.m. 1 15,55 3 50, 5 15, 7 24, 10 33 p.m. Sundays 8.43 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 31, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 5 SO, 6 0, 6 46,8 5, 10 20 p.m.Sundays 8 44 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlain and Cadisbead-6 55,7 43, 8 8,9 3,9 8,10 35a.m. 1 38,458,7 10,8 22,9 15,a11511 p.m.Sunclays 9 22,10 18, 11 22 a.M. 3 15, 5 0, 7 18,9 35 p.m. a Satuidays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 955, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 920 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool ((.1.L.C.)-al 40, 5 59, 7- 5, 7 51, 8 5, 8 50, 9 20, 9 50, 10 35, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 18, bl 13, 1 50, 2 17, 2 50,3 25, 3 50, 3 56, 4 5, 4 10, 4 50, 5 2, 550, 8 2,6 50, 7 5, 7 50, 8 0, 8 50, 9 3, 945,10 15, 1040, b 1042, bll 15, 11 39, 11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37, 9 0,9 45,9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20,2 39, 4 46, G 22,7 10, 8 23, 9 18,10 20, 1045 p.m. Liverpool (L. 8c N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 727, 8 12, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 20, 78, 740, 80, 8 25, 10 4, 10 35, 01l 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. °Saturdays only.Sundaye,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 29, 5 19, 80,9 0, 10 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 717, 755, 830, 90, 955, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, 1830, 930, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arploy. Sundays 6 80,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,1311 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-WI-2 45, a 4 45, 54 55, 580, b 7 11, 85, 8 23, 8 45, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 1217, 115, 241, 245, 3 31, 350, 4 26, 5 15, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 0 40, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 4 56,7 55 a.m. 5 15, 6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. aMondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 10, 6 55, 7 57, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 6 53, 7 10, 755 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. S Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 22 a.m 30, 315, 457, 50, 713, 855, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 2 55, a 3 35 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,b4 43,5 30,7 11,9 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 15, 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 17, 12 25, 1 15, 1 54, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 46, 7 55, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 757, 10 8, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Moniays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 88, 8 41, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1919, 141, 355, 453, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 50, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 3 47, 5 15,6 20, 8 0, 10 4 pm. Sankey-7 5, 8 5,0 5, 100, 11 10 a.m. 12 0, bl 0 al 13, 221, 3 23, 4 10, 523, 626,75, 80, 910 blO 5,10 42' 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 9 7, p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8.35, a 9.36, 11.4, a.m. 1.27, 3.28, 4 10, 50, 130.20, 6 26, 80, 9.10, 10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. Olondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 SO, 9 0, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 6 30.8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturdays only Arploy Station. Wigan ( L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 11, 835. 9.58, 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 54, 3 50, 4 42, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35,6 0,10 Bp.m.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
TO wArtaiNaroN FROM

Acton Bridge-0 41,7 40, 8 51,940,10 57 a m. 12 30, a 3 0,3 55, 4 43, 7 20,3 20,Sundays 7 59 a in. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-3V.)-7 50, 8 23, 955, 10 20, 11 10,a.m. 12 45,itl 30, 3 8, 5 5,6 55, 8 30, 69 10, 9 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 115, 4 50, 8 50, 10 15, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 23 5 20, 7 0, 8 15, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 15, 4 20, 7 20, 845 942 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 210, 3 0,_3 59, 4 520, 533, 6 30, 7 25, 8 10. 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 4 20,6 40, 7 15 a.m. 6 55, 9 10, 10 0 p.m. Collins Greten-6 30, 79, 845, 1021, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 20, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, 10 43, rtlo 53 P.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays only. Daresbury-8 9, 10 19,11 21 a.m.2 49,4 49,6 12,7 10, 849 p.m, Sandays 733 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham 11111- 7 31, 9 52,10 52 a.m. 2.22,4 22, 5 45, 6 42, 822 p.m. Sundays 655 a.m. 79 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 45, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 114, 23, 327, 4 58, 5 43, 5 52, 655, 743, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47,10 56, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45,7 24,10 10 p.m. Fiddler' Ferry -7 9, 8 51, 942 10 45 a.m. 123, al2 57,2 11,3 27, 54, 6 2,6 53;9 19 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satut days only. Frodsham-7 49, 9 0, 10 1, 11 1, a.m. 2 31, 49,1 31, h 44,6 47,8 31,p.m. Sundays 7 12, 729 a.m. 7 24 p.m. 601borno-6 44, 8 26, 10 12,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 431 530, 7 15, 9 21, 10 37, a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. 11e1sby-7 41,8 56,9 57,10 57, a.m. 2 10,2 27,4 4,4 27 5 40, 6 .17, 8 27,p.m.Sundal 7 3, 7 25 a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 16, 6 13, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, 953, 10 26 a.m. t 7, 215 4 54, 7 4,8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 21, 10 50, a.m. 1 '2O, 222, 6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 102. 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13, 30, 338, 426, b 539. 67, 649, 749, 9 52,0 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays bxcepted. o Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.T,.C.)-5 10, 6 15, 6 30. 7 30, 8 5, 8 30, 8 33, S 36. 9 12, 9 30, 9 33, 9 45, 10 30, 115, 1130,11 42, 11 43 a.m. 1231, 1248, 13, 1 30, 145, 2 30, 235, 2 43, 4 0, 4 39, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 533, 6 30, 633, 7 30, 8 30, 8 30, 8 40, 9 30, blO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 30, 8 45, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 230,3 20,3 55, 4 30, 6 13,630, S 30, 935, p.m. Liverpool (1.. & N.-W.)-a2 33,5 50, 6 10, 7 0, 8 5, 8 35, 9 5, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 21, 1 20, 2 45, 3 0, 835, 4 15,4 20, 4 50,5 10,6 10,7 5, 8 25, 8 30,9 0,610 5 1045, b 1115 p.m. a Nland Lys 0:31y. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15,1045 p in. Lymm-7 48,9 32,9 14, 9 51,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 30 25, 2 50, 330, 418, b 5 31, 6 1, 611, 731, 9 45 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdaysexcepted, Sundays 8 13 a.m. 2 25, 7 15 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 30,a9 0, 9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30, 10 35, 11 so 1230, 1250, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 6 0, 6 30, 643, 7 30, 8 30, 835, 9 25, 10 20, alO 55, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only Sunday 2 8 30, 95, 9 30, 10 30 a m. 1 49, 2 0,2 5, 60, 6 33, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, Wm. 12 30, bl 5,2 0,2 55,3 40, a 5 0, 5 23, 05, 6 53, a 5, 110, p.m. San lays 730. a.m. 140, 630 p.m. Saturd tys ext,apted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 50, 96,11 9 a.m. 1243, a 3 12,4 8, 4 53, 733 p.m. Sum-lays 813 a.m. 453 p.m., a %Nibbles- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 729, 8 42, 9 7, 9 21, 10 1:3,10 22, 11 S I'2 35, ale, al 28,3 7,4 7.1 :31, 4 52, 5 33, 5 19, 6 27, 7 41, 85, 9 31. 10 3, 10 59. all 51 n.m. Suuday S 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, II 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 27, 658, 80, 8 23. 90,10 3 a.m. 120, 20, 5 5 6 18, 75, 96. 10 25, 1132 p.m. Sundays - 852, 11 ft a.m. 2 31, 9 12, 10 11 p.m. Runcorn-S 55, S 34, 9 19, 10 26 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 3 7,4 30, 5 11. 6 30. 3 10, 10 20 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 33,9 25. 10 10, 10 35 a.m. 1236. 133, 1 40, 2 33, 343, 435, 523, 623, 723, 8 15 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 40 12 a.m, 18, 8 54 P.m. 48outhport -7 50, 3 0, 10 15, 10 40, 12 23, 1 30, 2 40 5, 1 10,3 23, 7 0, 83, a 9 5, 10 0. Sundays 90, 20, 7 30. a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 9 13,3 53, 11 7 a.m. 1 35, al 41,2 9, 2 53, 3 31, 4 22, b 5 35, 6 3, 6 43, 7 35,9 49, 11 37 P.m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 220, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. NVigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 33, b 3 12, 6 33,81,0 15, 9 51, 10 5, 11 33 A.M. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 20, 4 5 5 21, 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 33 p.m. Sundays 39, 9 30 a.m. 3 25, 6 53, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Nlondays only.

WARRINGTON EXCELSIORS V. OnFoRD.—At Long- ford on Saturday. Scores : ORFORD. EXCELSIORS. S. Leigh b VVooley A. Bradahaw at Parkes b Jolley l6 Caldwell H. Sandy c Ditch:leld b S. Leigh Caldwell J. Bennett b aildwell .. W. Jolley o Wilcox b S. Caldwell bS. Leigh 10 Caldwell A. Hodgson b Wilcox W. Ashton b Caldwell ... 2 W. Lawton not out 3 H. Reed b Caldwell W. Leigh b Wilcox E. Hodgson not out J. Kay c Woolley b not bat - Wilcox 0 Extras

Total 42 Total ...... 62 MARSH HOUSK.LANE V. LOVELY-LANE.—Played at Lovely-lane on Saturday. Scores:—

~ .. LOVELY-LINE. 'M A RSM HOUSE-LANE. J. Plant c Barton b Mann 0 A. Bramhall b Hewitt 10 D. Hewitt c 13ramhall b E. Horrocks b Jones... 9 Mann G. Jones lbw b Mahn ... 0 J. Barton cet bJones 1 C. Maybury b Brarnhall 1 B. Smith c Plant h A. Bell b Bramhall P. Smith b Mann F. Hayes not out 0 F. Critchley b Hewitt 0 J. Nunnerley c Lomas b S. Lomas lbw b Jones 0 Mann 0 F. Carman c Nunnerley Z. Willcock b Bramhall 0 b Maybury G. Monks c Mann b _ F. Kershaw not out .. . .. . .. .

_ Brarnhall C. Baxter b Bramball Extras

Total

Total 4l

WARRINGTON WORCS CO MPETITION.

SECOND ROUND.

WALKER'S BREWERY (No. 2) v. WIL DERSPOOL BREWERY.—PIayed at Arpley on Tuesday evening. Scores :

-- • WALKER'S. W ILDERSPOOL. J Lloyd c Vray b Hallows 7 H. Hallows b Clayton 17 B. Price c Clarke b _ W. Howard c Messiter

—. ....„... Hallows 6 b Clayton 2 C. Turner c Hallows b S. Thompson b Smith 1 Clarke 2O J. Wilkinson not out 13 J. Smith not ant 22 Sankey run out A. Ross c Wilkinson b S. Clarke c Leigh b Hallows 8 Smith C. Leigh c Wray b G. Newton b Smith 2 Thompson l4 P. Mclntyre b Leigh 0 W. Clayton lbw b Thomp- W. Johnson c Turner son P. NTessi ter run out J. Peterson st Howard b Slevin b Leigh .... ..... 2 Clarke S. Griffin lbw b Clarke 0 Extras Total (for 9 wkts) 84 Total 5l FRIENDLY MATCHES.

WARRINITON AND DTSTRICT LEAGUE V. LIVERPOOL AND DiSTRLCP LEAGUE.—This match was played at Liverpool on Monday. Scores:—

. . WARRINGTONI. LIVERPOOL. JF. Foster b Kneale ... 3 Blundell lbw b J. Duckworth c Davies b Howard 3 Kneale K. Hallow b lineale W. Howard b Davies l5 T. Clucas c Burrell b C. F. Burrell c and b Crachlm..k Heaton ... l3 S. lineale c Burrell b E. P. Sanders not out ... 32 Craddock 5 J. A. Armitage b Kneale 8 G. Mclllness c Hallows J. Womlbead c Biggar b b Ho ward 9 Kneale J. Cartwright c Davies b Craddock Kneale W. Hill a INTarsden b J. Davies run out Heaton __ _ . ... . -.

R. Craddock b Kneale 1 H. Biggar b Howard 0 G. McGowan b Clung ... 3 T. Nolan c McGowan b Howard 0 , T. Marsden not out Extras

Total ll2 Total B6 ASTON lIALL V. MR. W. 11. PODAIOR E'S TM.—At Aston on Monday. Scores:— ASTON 11A1.1... OR. PODAIORE'S TEAM. T. Carter b Banner R. Davies c Wright b b Carter 4l Podu.ore W. Jones c Vright b Ilazlehurst Podmore F. Milbourno b Podmore 0 burst 11. Dean b Banner 0 T. G. Bate c Carter b R. S. Steel b Banner P. Itoe a White b Btnner 0 J. W. Wells lbw b J. Ilizlehurst b Banner 0 Ilazlehurst J. Milbourno b Banner... 10 H. Banner b Steel G A. Platt not out J. Robinson b Banner ... 0 J. Platt a Davies b Steel_ 0 ._ .

W. Owen e Dean 13 Steel J. E. White lbw b Steel 0 A. aleave not out 5 Extras Total 2O Total 133

" GUARDIAN " OFFICE V. TRADES EXIIIBITIO'S STAFF.—Played at Arpley on Monday, and resulted in a win for the home team by 40 runs. Scores : Guardian " o.lice, 69 ; Trades Exhibition Staff, 29. ORFORD RESERVES V. ORFORD GREEN.—At Orford on Saturday. Scores :—Orford, 72 ; Orford Green, 26.

GRAPPRNHALL v. LOSTOCIL GR A.L A M.—Played at Lostook on Saturday and resulted in a win for the visitors. Sonres : GRA PpENHALL. LOSTOCK nRA LAM. R. Ellis c& b Maudsley 1 Jakeman c Hutchings J. Warburton c Corker b b Carter Stubbs G. Hutchings c& b A'oods 5 Carter .1. Pendry o Maudsley b Maudsley o Ellis b Rotherham R. Gifford b Stubbs E. Banks °Ford b Woods 2 Stubbs c Ellis b Carter 5 W. Carter run out 8 Webster b Watson 2 W. Watson not out . 0 Rotherham i a Banks b A. L. Kaye b Stubbs 3 Watson 2 H. Carter c Rotherham b Ford c Carter b Watson 0 Stubbs J. John Son b Woods Davies 1) Watson Extras 9 Extras

Total .91

Total 77

GRAPPENHALL V. ASHTON 'HAYEs.—Played at Grappenhall on Monday, and resulted in an easy win for the home team by 9 wickets. .Scores ;

ASHTON HAY F.S. 0 RANH:NITA IL. Hey. F. 0. Poole c Banks Capt. Mott c and b b Hutchings 2O Schofield J. Nicholson cHutchino J. Warbur t on o b Carter ll Maddocks b Schofield 9 D. Colt-Williams b W. Ellis o Schofield b Carter 3 Schofield H. Schofield b Carter ... 5 C. G. Hutchings c 3. Schofield 11. w b Carter 0 Poole b Mouutfield 15 11. Maddock b Carter 0 James Burrows b , _ . _ ..

I'. Carter run out H. Shallcross b Carter ... 0 J. Pendry b Alountfleld 5 M. Mountfield c Evans b A. Evans c and b Carter 0 Schofield A. Ellatns not out A. Fairhurst c Carter b b Mountflold Hutchings 0 E. Banks run out W. Watson not out A. L. Kaye run out Extras

• Total Second innings, 66. Sccond inns. 15 for 1 wkt.

G. Holbrook, Waregt-On---ii N. Hughes, Warrington 14 T. Glover, Leigh Rly 2l R. Sunderland, W'gton 19 A. Rosterne, IVaregton 21 W. Fielding,jun,George 33 J. Harrison, Leigh Rly 21 ' H. Williams, War'gton 20 W. Taylor, Warrington 21 J. Willett, Warrington 11 T. Hackett, Warrington 21 T. Bridge, Warrington 15 T. Antrobus, Warrington 21 H. Arnold, Didsbury... 19 G. Ball, sen, Warrington 21 J. Bedworth,War'ton... 17 J. Wilkinson, Healey 2l S. Rateliff, War'ton C. 20 T. Humphries, W'ton C 21 R. Bothwell, W'gton C 20 I. P. Carson, George 2l IV. Brooks, Leigh Ltd-12 A. Gleave, W'ton 13.13. U. Ball, jun., W'ton C 2l A. Shaw, George I'. Ellison. W'ton C 2l J. Woods, War'ton C. 16 F. Yarwood, W'ton C...... 21 J. Baldwin, War'ton C. 10 W. Kirkhgon, Mato 2l E. Wild, Urmston l5 A. Scott, Warrington C. 21 D.Fergusson, W'ton C 5 J. Gleave, Warrington C. 21 W. Taylor, If 'gton C 4 T. Harrison, W'gton C. 21 John Corner, Irlam R. Trigger, War'gton C. 21 Jas. Corner, Irlam 14 G. Cross, liestley James Gleave, Warrington 13. H. w.o. FOURTH ROUND.

Jas. Gleave, War. 13. H 21 I. P. Carson, George... 14 G. Ball, jun. R. Antrobus, Cemetery 21 J. Wilkinson, Heatley 17 T. Hinson 2l H. Taylor l7 G. Ball, Ben 2l G. Cross J. Gleave 2l W. Kirkham lB

Byes—F. Yarwood, 'l'. Humphries, T. Harrison, R. Trigger, G. Holbrook, A. Rosterne, A. Scott, Warring- ton Cemetery ; J. Harrison and T. Glover, Leigh Rly. ; T. Hackett, Bull's Head.

WORKS COMPETITION. FIRST ROUND. _

The following rnatc-h-es---we'r-e—pin.yed at the Bowling Green Inn, Bank Quay, on Saturday- afternoon _ _ RYLAND4S NO. 2. MONKS' NO. 1.

r. Newton - - 15 IL Dutton

t. Smith (capt.) l2 J. Heywood . Bouldsworth

R. Tillin H. France l5 J. Rowlands l2 E. Blackledge J. Meakin 7 R. IVel)1) J. Langley 5 3. Appleton l5 H. liaslam

Y. -Warburton F. Scarisbrick 8 A. Worrnll 0. Ta3lor

133 147 Majority for Monk's 14 points. ' CROSITIELD'S O. 2. NAYI.OIIS. A. Webb (capt.) P. Wright l5 J. Stout T. Jackson D. fligham G. Wilcox l3 j. Potter lO D. Stokes l5 J. Barnard W. Stokes l5 W. Corley 5 XV. Tomkinson 6 B. Wicks J. Barton J. "Mason l5 W. Taylor ll C. Sutcliffe W. Lawton

IGS 78 INTztjority for Crosfield's, 87 points.

GOLF.

THE WARRINGTON CLUB. The third competition for the captain's prize was played over the links at Appleton on Saturday. The Rev. H. R. Wild qualified in the first division and Mr. J. T. Picton in the second. Mr. J. T. Picton took the first sweepstake and Mr. E. J. Hall the second. The following are the retnrns of tinder 100 net:— First Division (handicap 11 and under). Gross. 'reap. Net. Rev. H. R. Wild W. J. Peacocke J. Ellison 95 ... 14 ... Si H. H. Evans C. G. Stone Rev. I'. 0. Swarbrick J. Moore Murray 95 ... 7 ... 83 Second Division (handicap 15 and over). J. T. Picton lOO ... 21 ....79 E. J. Hall 0. Lofthouse lOO ... 20 ... 80 W. hichardson 99 ... 16 ... 83 Rev. H. A. Lester lOB ... 24 ... 81 J. ff. Clarke lOO ... 25 ... 81 J. Hepherd 107 ... 17 ... 90 F. Fairhurst llO 22 ... 91 W. If. Bellian . J. T. Knowles 125 ... 27 ... 98

COMPETITION FOR ItIR. CALDWELL'S:PRIZE

A competition for a prize presented by EMr. E. Caldwell wos played on Monday, ar,cl resulted in Mr. L. Robinson winning the competition, Mr. R. M. Itoterts and Mr. .1. T. Picton dividing the first and second sweepstakes. The following are the returns : Gross. H'cap. Net. L. R. Robinson ~ s6 ... 14 ... 72 R. M. Roberts J. T. Picton Rev. H. 14. Wild B7 ... 11 ... 70 .1. Ellison L. Hoiden 11. 11. Evans BB ... 9 ... 79 C. G. Stone Dr. R. Smith B7 ... 7 ... SO , W. Greenhouse 11. Kirliconnel -. 5.1 W. Bibby Dr. W. J. Peacocke V. S. Horner B6 ... 5 ... 81 W. S. Dutton J. Hepherd J. Moore Murray 9l ... 7 ... 84 F. Pt ndlebu ry W. Richardson lO2 ... 16 ... 86 J. 11. Clarke 1 ...114 ... 25 ~. 89 IL Fairclough, junr. ll5 ... 14 ...101

•

===== 0002601_19080613_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE:. FIRST DIVISION'. WAnarNoToN V. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.—This match was played at Arpley on Saturday. .Scorcs

NEVVTON-LE.WILI.OWS. WARRINGTON. T. Cooke b Gray ' 9 B. Silcock b Cooke ... 4 F. Harrison_o H. Callon __ W.__ _Richardson b

b Cresswell H. Lyon not out C. G. Lawton b Cress- Harrison well C. F. Porter b Gray 1 Cooke.. 53 D. Cordingley o Duck- Rev. H. Gray o Wright worth b Cresswell 2 b Harrison A. Pendry bH. Callon... 2 3.W. Bibby b Harrison 6 C. W. Hindley b Gray... 13 W. H. Podmore b W. Wright b Podmore... 0 Hindley 4 P. Robinson St Duck- Cresswell b Cooke 2 worth b Podmore 0 J. Thompson b Cooke 0 F. Walton o Wright b H. Callon b Hindley ... 6 Podmore 7 A. Duckworth not out 2 .. Extras l7 Extras l7 ,-

Total 135 Total ll4 BOWLING ANALYSIS. NEWTON. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Rev. H. Gray 13 5 45 3 C.W. Hindley 12.3 0 43 3 Cresswell ... 12 2 44 3 T. Cooke l4 5 16 4 H. Callon 3 0 15 1 C. G. Lawton 5 0 17 0 W.H.Podmore4.2 0 13 3 F. Harrison ... 6 0 20 3 Gray bowled a no ball. EABLESTOWN V. STANLEY.—At Earlestown on Satur- day. Scores :—Earlestown, 87 ; Stanley, 45. SECOND DIVISION. WARRINGTON 2ND V. NEWTON 2ND.-.Played at Newton on Saturday. Scores;— NEWTON. WARRINGTON. W. Dudgeon c Baxter b P. B. Hawtin o Pearson Bennett l6 b Wilkinson 49 A. Thompson b Thewlis 2 A. Thewlis o Banks b T. Wilkinson o Turton Wilkinson l4 b Thewlis 0 T. Houghton a Wilkin- W. Hindle), b Bennett C. A. Bodmer b Bennett 0 S. Partridge c llindley E. Perry b Bennett W. Pearson o Bainbridge W.V. Turton b Wilkin- b Way well A. McCormack bWaywell 0 J.W.Bainbridge stDud- R. Mitchell lbw b Way- geon b Wilkinson well R. Banks rim out R. Brown not out R.H.LowebMcCormack 1 J.Waywell b Wilkinson 2 W.BennettbMcCormack 4 Extras

Total 59

Total 155

STANLEY 2ND V. EARLESTOWN 2ND.—At Arkles-lane on Saturday. Scores :—Earlestown, 79 ; Stanley, 154.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

" G UARDIAN " OFFICE v. ST. JAMES'S.—Played at Arpley on Saturday. Scores : `• G U.tal DIAN." ST. JAMES'S. C. Burrell b Green J. Woodhead b Green H.Sankey cHolt b Green 6 C. Holt c Burrell b C C. Woodhead hit wkt b Woodhead 4

Holt 2 J. Sherratt b Burrell . . 3 E. Miles b bolt 2 P.Knight bC.Woodhead 1 W. Caldwell b Holt 2 W. Minards o Webb W.Fell °Forster b Green 2 •b J. Woodhead a J. Newton not out W.WebboSherratt bHolt 0 J. Cartwright lbw b J. E. Brown a Allender b Woodhead l3 Green W. Cotterill o Sherratt b A. Green not out Holt E Mee °Brown bßurrell 0 Extras

Total 37 Total ...... 62 Wilderspool Brewery, 32 ; Ryland a Bros., 23. Bowsey Wesleyana, 117 ; Walker's Brewery, 56. WARRINGTON JUNIOR LEAGUE.

1 LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. GARSWOOD HALL 2ND.— Played at Garsvrood on Saturday. Scores : ; GARS WOOD. LATCHFORD. J. Hann bJ. Cox 0 E. F.Cliffe c Unsworth

. - ,S. Rigby lbw bJ. Cox... 3 b Hill 0 E. Davies b Wartturst ... 2 A. E. Walker b Davies 11 ' E.TrelfalleDixon b J.Cox 5 Jas.Colc Allsopp b Hill 1 W. Unswortb. o Dixon b T. Dixon b Davies 1 J. Cox l4 T. Albinson b Hill 2 T. Hill b Warburst 4 Jos. Cox b Hill J. Pattisson o Walker b A. Albinson run out l4 • Warhurst Barbottle not out . Allsopp o Walker b Clare 34 W. Spenseley b Hi 11... 9 'F. Astall o and b CHM) 1 A. Hill not out T. King b Cliffe 0 Extras lO Total 105 Total 73 i I LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. ARLEY.—Played at Arley ,on Whit Monday. Scores :

Extras 16

LATCHFORD. ARLEY. A. E. Walker bH. Smith 7 J. Smith e Harris b _ _ _ .

T. Dixon b H. Smith 3 Warhurst l3 Jos. Cox bH. Smith 7 Dr. Love bJ. Cox 0 Jas. Cox bH. Smith 5 H. Smith bJ. Cox ... 2 A. Albinson c Dr. Love F. Coppack bJ. Cox.".. 1 bH. Smith ... 4 H. Hart c Dixon b E. Harris b J. Smith l5 Warhurst T. Albinson b H. Smith 0 J. Hughes b Warhurst 7 A. Warhurst c Johnson T. Gleave c Dixon bJ. b J. Smith J. Stowell bIL Smith... 1 0. Tickle c Dixon b G. Heald not out 2 Warhurst J. Buckley c Hughes b P. Gorman bJ. Cox H. Smith 0 G. Johnson not out 5 3. Whitlow b J. Cox Extras 4

Extras 9

Total 56 Total ORFORD V. ORFORD SENIORS.—At Orford on Monday. Scores

SENIORS. ORFORD. B. Jolley bW. Jolley ... 2 J. I3ennetto H. Cotton H. Cotton bW. Jolley ... 0 bE. Clayton Mr. Hallett o Bennett b P. Ashcroft lbw b E

_ W. Jolley • 0 Clayton Mr. Titchett b W. W. Jolley bE. Clayton 27 Jolley 6 H. Sandy b Greaves.. 2 M. Hamilton b Jolley ... 0 S. Leigh cA. Cotton b A. Cotton bS. Leigh -. 1 E. Clayton Mr. F. Webster b W. A. Hodgson b A

Jolley 3 Cotton Mr. E. Clayton o and b H. Reed o B. Jolley b W. Jolley Mr. H. Boyle c and b W. W. Altman c and b A Jolley 4 Cotton Mr. W. Clayton b Jolley 0 E. Reddish c sub. b - G. F. Greaves not out ... 8 A. Cotton 9 S. Parsonage not out 5 W. Leigh did not bat. • Extras _ I Total STOCKTON HEATH V. BRUNSWICK t UNCORN).— Played at Stockton Heath on Saturday. Scores : BRUNSWICK. STOCKTO N HEATH. Robinson b Thatcher ... 0 S.F.Welsby c Kniveton D. Norman b Ratcliffe 0 b fiallding S. Norman b Ratcliffe... 5 Moors b Hallding Kniveton c& b Ratcliffe 9 Ratcliffe b Hughes l7 llughes b Ratcliffe Williamson c Welsby b Jones b Hughes Thatcher Hallding b Moors 6 Gordon b Ilallding 0 Moore c Garton b Rat- Thatcher b Hughes cliffe 4 G. Welsby b Norman... 0 Withington lbw b Obbard o Robinson b Thatcher Edwards b Thatcher ... 0 Swinton not out 2 Pen dlebnry not out 0 Extras

Total 9B

Total 44

WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL OFFICERS V. ORFORD BARRACKS.—PIayed at the Barracks, and resulted in a win for the visitors who were able to declare their innings. Scores : MUNICIPAL OFFICERS. _ORFORD BARRACKS.

--.... ---...... Dr. Smith a Moody b Riley c Jordan b Dr. Paton Dr. Van Buren b Paton 6 Price lbw b Green 5 C. F. Love b Price lO Paton c Hand 3 bGreen 17 M. Nicholls b Wilson 38 Scott a Dr. Smith b R. Brice b Scott A. E. Hands not out l9 Wilson a Hands b S. H. Jordan, H. Essen- Green 3 high, B. Green, J. Day c sub b Dr Lawton and W. Wads- Smith 2 worth did not bat. Gleeson b Dr. Smith 7 Gubbins not out l4 Honit b Dr. Smith 0 Moody b Jordan 7 Downes c and b Green 1 Extras

Total 172

Total lO2

===== 0002601_19080613_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER, & CO. LITHOGRAPHERS. BOOKBINDERS. STATIONERS. POSTER PRINTING.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
'HESE LTCHES usually I at zo/6 h, but in

er to -ing them I before are sell- them at

purely normal cost fora limited period.

Please state whether Lady's or Gent.'s what ordering.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
I. Distinctlve Br!Malmo of Tone. Twin the Life of other 0 kinas.

1 A test at any one of the 10,000 Columbia d.le:s shops will prove Point I. • . The experience of users everywhere confirms Point IL Columbia Records fit any talking' machine not kr% make it sound better than it ever did before. Write WV us for latest list. Say cylinder or disc. GRAPII-o • phone catalogue sent also on request.

0 (rk A COLUMBIA PEONGORAPII -- I \rier.,,,,,:olllP(DAepNt. 21(0): Gail / 1. '4 n,,,, , 64 6' 66, OXFORD ST., `. 'IA, LONDON, W. 0 it 4 . ... 1=1,..."" Glassiow.cadTfanchef.t2r. RECORDS % --,..,---' 0 400 0 ,- •

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. TH E RAIN ONThissuccessfulPo- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Vel p- ear. Lk others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurityof blood.spots,blotches,pain &swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles'-ta 7, vel,painsinback, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &e. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseaqes. Price 2/0 (particulars Id. stamp) post free in G *eat Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stock Road,llampstead, London,Scprincipal Chemists.

MERRYWEATRER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions Expert-s- sent to a// parts to Report on Existing Arrangements.

Write for Pamphlets Merry- weather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

THE WANT OF THE DAY.

CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS No More EGET LINEN [lcl:cm Starehtd Used In the Roval Leundstes.s bhould be used in every house.l ONCE TRIED,

ALWAYS TRIED.

MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever rffered to the dices for Imparting an Ivory Finish to 1,1-arched linen, Laces, etc. It does not E tick to eplder-a'sb like rcaterials. Sold by Grocers, Chemist,. Stores. cto In racks-ts at Id.,Zd., and 6d. each.

PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, CI{MFT BLACKEURN.

Royal Navy !Mtge) Blue Berge Suite

21s. TO MEASURE. These Serge Snits ere guarani-0(d Indigo Dye, usual price 420., but are now being sold by me at a Guinea zimply as an Advertisement. Those trishing to secure this tiaro.in should oruer at once, or Pattern and Self-measurement Form will be snit on receipt of post card. —A. :lox's, the Noted Tai.or, 117 High latrftt, Camden Tows, London.

ITo CONNOISSEURS of a

GOOD CIGAR.- Try tuy noted to President Imported Cif:lr, pe.ekca in bows ,f 1,0, 1 carn.age phi. Sample 10 fcr /- pebt free. Oant be equalled at the price. A RTHUR WOODIIILAD, 195 High t tr, et, Stor..catcb, t., and 63 nigh Strew', Wa:thanastows N.H.

RING UP:

..,)01N-rs ABOUT a : itp,..111 Z.44'2a6:3rk ,

, \k‘k ,

A• 4

===== 0002601_19080613_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
ELEPRON NO. 355 Y

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESURIPrION

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRINTERS.

BOCKI3INDEBS.

LITHOGR APB ER. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &0., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution' of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INvowEs, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on bine, white. or fancy paver.

A DDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from Li plAte or type.

MRCLAiiS in the nee n style, from modern ) type, nod of the beet workrnanehlp.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
DROGR AMU Bi int Entertainments, Concerts tcc., In the lateet artistic) style.'

PECI A Ida ci I iti es for all kiads of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, IiF.CEIPT, and I..TBSCRIIIIION BOOK Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

RANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and ettoctlve.

_ HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, reffivale, ae.

CATALOOL'EF. for Public lrid Private Libraries Aacticneers and Tradoinzon.

pßich; Prifited cn card Cr p per traterv,if recuirea.

JOHN WALKER &

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEE TINGS FOSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

CRICKET FIXTITR7,I3.I

v EaVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL €OFIED DUNS] AND CATALOG UES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES,

INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME Booxs, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES,' BALANCE SHEETS, ERE lUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS

t.t3itba Is I¢7:tel t ilr 1737 f F 01/19T9 OF TIETB

and WOOD LETTRIt for Large rosters. FOR ALL RINDS OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZIL 40 x £0 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"EXAMINER 7: OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0191.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PPII.--

===== 0002601_19080613_art0192.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
8

===== 0002601_19080613_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of lettsrs intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. DODDS AND MR. ROBERTS.

Mr. A. E. Beck Discusses the Non-Trading Issue. ‘• A Question of Principle"

The Tariff Reform League and 1 Unemployment. Sir,—My criticism of the Tariff Reform meeting has , produced further proof of my contention. W. Chriraes; one of Alderman Bennett's foolish virgins, states in ' . your last week's issue that my " figures may be approxi- Sir,—l have read with very great interest the page inately correct " etc. ; also "if we assume for the sake .of your issue of Saturday last, devoted to the COll. of argument, that the state of affairs in America is as troversy between Mr. Dodds and Mr. Roberts. bad as be says, there is no evidence that it is due When two men of undoubted personal and public primarily or.,;generally to the fiscal policy which America probity like Mr. Dodds and Mr. Roberts disagree, , s Hro adPptteed ction will not " primarily " or " *euerally " usually the disagreement can be "fined" down to three affect the unemployed problem, theil what 'earthly use issues. Either there is a different decision arrived at is it to the worker ? It is not oil that is required. about some very arguable principl re, o ' a difference ay ; ; ; .3 .T 1 sore DOA of a new lamp. arising cut of terms used' or 'the truth lies mid-way I Reverting to the open-air meeting the following between.' picture fills my mind. Alderman Bennett speaking about Now in this ca-se the desirability of the end to be ! the glorious Empire. A child scrambling on the achieved-that of Mr. Roberts taking up his public warggon, with dirty face, unkempt hair, ragged clothes, Gloriouso is mspviarneteicridifedre.! il:oVhaptromtnooctkertyh ,4; work in Warrington again-seems to be admitted on , S.lemeeeptr. otectin all hands, even by Mr. Dodds himself, with, however, children's feet, to feed their stomachs. Protection in his case a reservation that Mr. Roberts should make against the rapacity of the rich lor-ls, employers, and some alteration in his private ownership of interest in ' moneylenders, who impudently pose as champions of a limited company to satisfy Mr. Dodds' conception of patriotism and the expansion of the Empire. certain principl ANTI-PROTECTIONIST. regard The attitude of Mr. Dodds with I regard to this principle is known in.Warrington by the phrase "Non-Trading." Now, I would like, with I all respect, to point out to Mr. Dodds that men who I are totally disinterested in the practice, are opposed to him in opinion on the principle. A town for its business management wants its best business men. A company for its directors wants also the best business men. A company would be restricted in its selection, if it decided not to have public men as directors. A . town would be still more restricted in its selection if it said it would not have as councillors any men who had interests in, or were on the Board of limited companies. The suggestion exists that no comrany having any member of the Town's 'Council as director or large shareholder should tender for any portion of the town's work. This suggestion does not solve the matter. For, if such companies are excluded from: tendering for the town's needs, it is readily conceiv- able that in some cases the best sources of supply ; might be cut off. The competition would in all eases inevitably be decreased and the town might pay more, or have lower quality material supplied,: possibly both. How then as the town's interest to be protected not only from anything improper, hut from the possibility of anything improper? The question naturally arises how is the matter treated , elsewhere? For Warrington is the only town I know' of which has a " Non-trading "party. In other towns they elect their best men, and if, as frequently happens, a member is interested in a Corn- pans, having, or seeking to have business transactions with the town, that member retires whilst such matters are being discussed. The same conduct is pursued by l a member on a bench of magistrates, and even on a bench of judges in the Court of Appeal and in the House of Lords. A judge does not say "I am inter- ested in many Companies whose cases may come up for trial, therefore I cannot be a judge." He says " I will state that I am interested, and retire from consideration of the matter when such a case comes before the Court," and our standard of legal justice is the highest the world knows. I state all this to show Mr. Dodds that on this principle other men have come to a different decision from himself and that they are as honestly inspired as he may be. The town's safeguard is not in excluding the best men from service, or the best firms from supplying—it is in electing men of sufficient weight and quality to keep the town's busitiess above reproach. In this Warrington has not done all it could. The personnel of the Council has been a matter of comment in other towns. It is improving -but it is not likely to be improved if men like Mr. R7oberts are to be treated as be has been, for coming to a different decision from some others on an arguable principle. For, bearing in mind that he undoubtedly believed that he was right in principle, nothing which was done was either dishonourable or improper. If Mr. Roberts thought that he could give his best service to the town it was not inconsistent with the thought that the firm he was interested in could give the best value to its customers. It was fa.' the electorate to decide as to whether his services were the best they could get, and they did affirmatively. It was for the Council (apart from Mr. Roberts) to decide as to whether the value from the firm or any firm was the best they could get, and they did -in some cases in the firm's favour. There is not the slightest suggestion that the price was higher, the quality lower or the value less than other firms offered. Presumably Che act of decision was the act of the whole Council or the Committee and one could not impute anything to Mr. Roberts without imptigning every other member. But Mr. Roberts appears to have taken a broad- minded view of the position, and in effect has said : " I still adhere to my reading cf the principle and maintain that I have always acted so as to deserve and retain the respect and confidence of my fellow- townsmen—but I admit that some others read the principle differently and as I wish to secure the good will of all I will arrange my private matters to satisfy even those who differ from me, so that I shall be above even attack." For Mr. Roberts to have done this shows that he had confidence that his action would be rightly construed, and I venture to say that by a great majority of men it would be. Mr. Dodds strikes a lower ncte than I am sure is usual with him when he infers that this was any part of a tacit admission that Mr. Roberts by this, thought his previous position untenable. Let Mr. Dodds as freely admit (without sacrificing any of his opinions) that other men may honestly differ from him, and make the same effort to credit them with honourable intent —and the difficulty is solved. In effect he has done this to a ,great extent, for how could he attend any rneetings, the known purpose of which was to secure Mr. Roberts' return to public life, unless he knew that Mr. Roberts was a proper rnan for the positions his prominence would entitle him to in public life when returned ? Let him do this a little more csurteously and using a nicer selection of terms than in his recent letters, and Warrington will be spared the existence of the animus of two prominent citizens and secure the united service of two very able men. -Yours faithfully, ARTHUR E. BECK.

Earleswood Hou3e, near Birmingham. June 11th, 1003. The Technical School.

am quite in agreement with the writers of the previous articles, re inefficiency of the Technical School Laboratory. lam also in favour of considering the efficiency rather than the enlargement of the present building, which in my opiuicn is quite unnecassary. The quantity and quality of the apparatus for the upper stages is absolutely inadequate, without considering the fact that several of the more expensive, but still necessary pieces of apparatus have not as yet been pro- cured. I think it extremely unfair, that seeing we have to go through exactly the same examinations as the more modern schools (i.e. Manchester), and also pay the Same fee, we have not the same facilities for preparing. What is wanted is a separate laboratory for the upper stages with efficient and modern apparatus, and to be entirely sepanite from secondary students and first stage e vecin,g students. —I remain yours truly, ADSL7M.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
Hooliganism Rampant

Sir.—Serne rears ago I was in a town not twenty miles from Warrington when I heard two persons debating. One asserted that several in that locality would not be able to say where God lived. To settle the matter, I walked up to some women and asked could they inform me where God lived ? Imagine my sur- prise when I was directed to inquire of Jack D., who had always lived in that locality and was acquainted with all %be lived thereabouts. On inquiring horn him he asked," Is he a pit-man or a bank-man ? "and after some further consideration he said, " I've never heard of him." This incident bas been recalled rather ! forcibly to my mind these last few weeks by what I've seen and heard in the Warrington streets ; and one is often tempted to ask: Where are the police ? But possibly they are not altogether to blame. Is there no bye-law in the town for suppressing foul language or the breaking of bottles in our thoroughfares ?! Both practices are far too prevalent in our streets. I Even in Sankey-street the use of senseless adjec- tives is most disgusting and is anything but a credit to the town. I walked round what is popularly known as Sixpenny at 1.45 p.rn.,the other day and the way several youths on their way to the Grammar School were hustled, jostled and insalted made my blood boil but there was no guardian of the peace in sight anywhere. The offenders were youths in greasy garments on their way to the Dalton Bank Wireworks, which place I passed at 6.30 the other morning. There I saw several young men I

who'presnmably had been working the night-turn but then they were making the place hideous with their , shouts at one another and kicking each ether's tin cans, and making very rude remarks about everyone that passed by quietly. I went along B. street to D. lane at 2 p.m., the other day and saw a Ind (certainly not 12 years of age) bringing an old pickle bottle with beer in it from an adjacent public-house. This is hardly . lin conformity with the law is it ? But as in other matters this seems to be observed more in its breaking ; than keeping.—Yours &c., OBSERVER.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM MAY QUEEN.

A Successful Festival.

The old-world peacefulness of Lynam gave way to animation and gaiety on Thursday when thousands of people from Warrington, Manchester, and all parts of Cheshire invaded the quaint village to witness the May Queen Festival. Lynam was looking at its best and the narrow cobbled streets and winding lanes, rich with foliage and bloom, made a charming setting for pretty pageantry. Within the shadow of the ancient cross a huge concourse gathered to see the marshalling of the procession. These waiting there heard in the early afternoon tha approaching pomp of bands, and saw the Queen's retinue file past merrily. There was plenty of sun- shine when the procession set out, although the revels of the newly-crowned Queen later were rather dulled by clouds. One felt that the child-actors themselves had the best of things as they went along raised high over elder heads, full of the pride of being seen. The 1 characters were tho sound traditional ones, such as ;Grace Darling in a harry pretending to be a boat ; • the old woman with a shoeful of beaming boys and ; girls ; harvesting girls all cream and roses, with a dainty stock of bay and brandished rakes. Then 1 there were military heroes, characters famous in !- history and groups of merry dancers. Perhaps the villagers most enjoyed those guileless humorists the comic cyclists. Following the band of the " Inde- fatigable" training, ship, came the Rose Queen (Hiss ! Ethel Hullineaux,daughter of Acting-Sergeant and Hrs. , Mullineaux)and her attendants, and last,of all preceded by the bearers of the regalia andXx mails of honour, rode the May Queen (Miss Ada Jones, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jones, Higher-lane). " Her Majesty " 1 comported herself with queenly dignity and gracefully acknowledged the plaudits of loyal "subjects." Altogether there were six hundred children in the procession which was-considered to ho the best since the festival was organized twenty years ago. 1 The procession " beat the bounds "of the Lynam lanes and made its way finally to a field, where the ; Queen was crowned. From her high red throne she overlooked —beyond the arena of the revels —the wide ! ! Cheshire plain, seen between grand chestnuts and limes. The crowning was done slowly and with ! reverence, and the sceptre presented with portentious ' solemnity by a boy in purple velvet. The Queen was ! crowned by Mrs. F. W. Ashton, president of the Ladies' Committee. The costumed children, sitting in a wide semi-circle below the throne, made a beautiful picture. After the crowning followed the sports, which opened with the Maypole dance, • danced to good old English tunes by a group !of children who did not muddle a single ribbon. • Other pleasing features were a hoop drill, naval 1 display, fairy dance, gymnastic display, flower dance, 1 Welsh dance, and tambourine dance, the children ; acquitting themselves admirably and evidencing very !!! careful training. In the evening the revels were ; resumed and the Lymm Subscription Band and the band of the "Indefatigable" played for dancing. The arrangements were well carried out by a large and representative committee, the chief officials being: Chairann, Mr. Edwin Brown; vice-chairman, Mr. J. B. D. Smith ; hon. treasurer, Mr. F. A. Morris; lion. ! secretaries, Messrs. G. H. Howard and F. W. Ashton; MC., Mr. T. Nash; Ladies' Committee : President, I Mrs. F. W. Ashton ; lion. secretary, Miss H. Brundrett.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
MURDERERS AT LARGE.

j Hardly a week passes bat some murder is committed and the guilty person escapes. The saying that ! " murckr will out " does not hold nowadays. The con- trary is, indeed, more nearly the case. Notwithstanding i all the brains at Scotland Yard, a murderer more often than not gets the better of the police. The following are the official figures relating to , murders in England and Wales during the ten years , ending December, 1833 :—.llnrders reported, 1.760 ; no trace of criminal, 1,091 ; persons tried, 672 ; acquitted, 1131 : found insane, 142 ; convicted and sentenced, 200. I This proportion is about normal. Between BD and ; 1900, inclusive, the police reported 2,610 murders, of which 1,472 baffled the efforts of Scotland Yard to solve, while of the 1,133 suspected persons sent to trial, upwards of one-fourth were acquitted. The figures for the last two years for which there are complete returns are as follows : • 1905. 1903, I Murders reported I No trace of criminal

Persons tried Acquitted l:3 ... 11 Found insane lB ... 2'.: Convicted and 9entencecl 32 ... 27

NATIONAL FiIEE CdURCEI COUNOIL. MEETING OF GENERAL CONINIITrEE.

! The summer meeting of the General Committee of ' the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches was held at the Memorial Hall. Dr. David Brook, • president of the Council. occupied the chair. The Secretary, Rev. Thomas Law, read a communica- tion from the English and Welsh Councils of Swansea invitinr, the Annual Council to meet in that town in March, 1909.-0 u the motion of the Rev. J. G. Green- hough, M.A„ seconded by Rev. J. Hirst Hollowell, it was decided to accept this invitation. A report was presented on the arrangement made for holding the National Welsh Convention at Bridgend from Juno 20th to July 2ad, 1038, when representatives are expected to be present from the whole of Wales. Dr. Brook will preside over the Convention, and the following are amongst those who have promised to be present and take part :—Mr. William Brace, M.P., Sir Samuel T. Evans, ICC., M.P., Mrs. D. Lloyd George, Mr. William George, Mr. Ellis J. Grifilth, M.P., Rev. H. H. Hughes, B.A , Rey. Edward Jones, M.A., 8.D., Rev. Evan Jones, Rev. T. E. Jones, Mr. William :roues, M.P., Rev. Thomas Law, Prof. T. A. Levi, Mrs. Herbert Lewis, Dr. Campbell Morgan, Dr. W. Morris, Rev. Thomas Nicholson, Rev. IL J. Rees, M.A., Rev. T. E. Ruth, Gipsy Smith, Mr. Edward Thomas, J.P., Rev. William Thomas, Rev. H. D. Williams, M.A., (ley. J. Lloyd Williams, B A., and others. The report on the Education and Licensing Campaign , stated that 015, 800 leaflets had been supplied at the I request of the Councils. The greatest enthusiasm was manifest in all parts of the country. It was decided to call attention to the great demonstrations being organinisel in Hyde Park, Eaton Park, Manchester, etc. The Rev. Thornas Law stated that arrangements are I now complete for Gipsy Smith's tour in America. Gipsy Smith will leave England in August, and will I hold great United Missions in Baltimore, Washington, Cleaveland, New York, Pittsburg, St. Louis, Kansas ' City, Denver, St. Paul, Minneapolis and Toronto. All the arrangements for these missions have been made at the National Council Headquarters in London. The Social Questions Committee report the adoption of the suggestions respecting the Social Work of the I Churches. The first Social Questions Conference ilarranged will be held on July 13th, to deal with the , ISinall Holdings Act. Mr. Currie Grant, M.P., wilt introduce the subject. Mr. Law reported on the Rev. F. B. Meyer's tour in South Africa. Mr. Meyer's mission has opened most prosperously at Cape Town. At the meeting in the Town Hall, 3,000 people were. present, arid hundreds were turned away unable to get m. At Kimberley the same experience was repeated; Mr. Meyer is winning all hearts.

The Committee also considered the question of the organisation of Lay Preachers.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
Public vo Brewers

THE TEMPERANCE BATTLE SEVENTY YEARS AGO.

_

must surely have drunk everything else. The crown- ing gem, however, is in the closing sentence. I The last of the Book of Amos foretells the manner in ! which Christ's Kingdom shall be established upon earth, and with this most remarkable prophecy we shall conclude : " I will bring again the captivity of My people Israel, and they shall plant vineyards and drink the wine thereof." This clearly proves that Teetotallers can hare no share in the Milleniunt.

abused, and quite a number of the apprentices of that dayiwere certainly rained by the too close proximity of the:pub to the mill. I could give the boys' names ; I could describe the most pitiful lives of their wives in . -

the years following theii• apprenticeship. Now if Mr. Rylands simply wants proof of the wisdom of support- ing this measure, let him get the names of the men I refer to, and I assure him this is quite an easy task for him, and when he has probad into this question I am sure he will shake hands with Mr.Parkerond be willing to get into the company of the best of his fellow Churchmen. May 20th, 100 S.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
1 THE POOR MAN'S BEER.

The "Independent Methodist " contains an inter- esting article under the above title, and illustrated by pictures from the " Temperance Examiner " of 1836. I 1 The article reads 33 follows : —lt 13 just seventy-eight , [By Mr. H. Whitham.l years since the gage of battle was thrown down to the ' A very noticeable feature in the political strife of drink trade. Abstinence has been practised and Great Britain is the large number of disinterested taught at an earlier date, but it was in 1830, when friends the workingman has suddenly found rushing the first total abstinence societies were formed, that to his aid. I notice the same intense love for the the real struggle began. The vigonr and earnestness ' grimy and calloused hand has forced itself to the front Mr. S. Brighouse, Coroner, conducted an inquiry at of the campaign can only be estimated by those who in the United States. It is true that in the United the Warrington Police Station on Tuesday, concerning I have gone over the literature of the period States we have no Church and State question. The the cieath of Andrew Jennings, insurance agent, and ! ! and caught the contagion of its fervour. Its public schools attend to the secular side of life, and residing at 140, Wilderspool Causeway. The deceased extent can only be ganged by a study of the those who want more must pay for it, so we are :was well known and respected and his loss, especially in connection with the Buckley-street Methodist Brea , ! numerous periodicals which told of the movements spared all the hypocritical cant that must certainly be Church, with which he was identified, is much regretted. , and victories of the early pioneers. Those who have I used by a Parents' League. 1 The widow, Mary Jane Jennings (who was so much ! regarded the Total Abstinence Movement as a thing of I But we have the liquor question, and as it is a affected by the sad event that she was scarcely able to I small and insignificant beginnings would be astonished . money-makiug busineas the world over, we have in give evidence), stated that her husband was an insurance ! if they could turn the files of the early abstinence ' the States, as in England, to fight against those who agent for the Royal London Friendly Society, and was I journals. , god. s a I worship the brewers' goldenA Socialist I 5.5 years of age last birthday. Ile had been troubled with nine rovnotriiissul(i3al aboutilf3oeern under .tyhees real r_ied daringo r.th Adams, I Taking the first eight years of the movement, 1830 ' assert, and I speak from a long and a wide experience, Ito 1838, it is a striking fact that the abstainers were that not only the workman, but the whole of the who last saw him three weeks ago. On Thursday the ! able to issue and sustain at least a dozen weekly and I civilized world has no such burning question before it deceased went to Liverpool to see a specialist. He was monthly journals devoted exclusively to Total Alisti- , to-day as the drink question. In Warrington you so nervous that at times he was unable to write. nence, and this in addition to the issue of innumerable , have two families who have, by the aid of drink, been Several times be had said he would never get better. leaflets and lectures. Early in•the fray came "The made into pillars of society. Their riches to a very, ;He had made arrangements with her to go to Blackpool Temperance Record," started in June, 1830, by I very large extent stand as a reminder of the poverty, last Saturday morning. At 20 minutes past six he got William Collins. Then came "The British and Foreign ; misery and crime of Warrington, Liverpool and the PP to make the fire. She asked him what time he 0 ; intended to go to Blackpool and he replied "After the Temperance Herald," issued monthly, in 1832. After I surrounding districts, i first post has come." Witness got up at a quarter to Livesey's conversion to abstinence in the same year he In the United States it is prohibition that is sweep- eight and a few minutes later deceased went into the turned his thoughts to literature, and in January, 1834, ing the land. The people have hitherto had an idea , yard, having complained of a pain in his stomach. As began "The Preston Temperance Advocate," issued ; that it was liberty they were worshipping; they now he had not returned in ten minutes she went to look for monthly. In the same year "The Star of Temperance" know that it was license and that the word spells him and found hint hanging in an outbuilding. She at appeared in Manchestoe as a weekly paper, edited by ruin not only to the individual but to the nation. The once raised an alarm and Sergeant Barlow appeared. -Sfergtearteßnartlioewv uiadrldaeoffindi P.C. ?haps were affair 1e d deceased dasetrityi J. Barker and F. Beardsall, and "The Liverpool and drink question of the United States is a most appalling Warrington Temperance Herald" followed shortly after, one, inasmuch as it has brought out the very worst i atil'ipriii at, oncegreu-sLod'tlov the house and fouti'aed In 1835 "The Isle of Man Temperance Guardian" was characteristics that can degrade the human being. In the outbuilding with a rope round his neck. His feet started at one penny monthly, and the two following the history of this traffic it is absolutely proven that , were on the floor and Jennings had been strangled. years witnessed the commencement of two weekly penny the brewer owns the retailer, and that the t..vo ! The Coroner said a letter was found in one of the I journals, "The London Temperance Intelligencer, anil together care not one toss for the welfare of either pockets of the deceased. It had been difficult to make ! "The Leeds Temperance Herald." There was also man, woman, or child. In every corner of the country, ! out, but it read as follows:—" God bless my dear wife. ; She has done all she could for me and been a faithful "The Hull Temperance Pioneer," "The Temperance associations of wholesale and retail liquor men, wife ; and two good daughters • ' but may God bless my e Advocate and Herald," and "The Temperance brewers, and distillers, are setting up defensive , dear maaa, for she has fought for me and struggled ! v Examiner, all issued monthly at a penny. Each of bureaux and press agencies. The liquor interests of so as to keep the book, ihich, after all my toil' these journals was ably edited, and came into close grips Chicago are trying to gather the whole traffic into one : lag, has been toe much on my mind, and my with the common enemy. Henry Anderton in the great organization to solidify the million or more men ' nerves have been a complete wreck, while I jingle of his inimitable verses pleaded with the directly or indirectly dependent upon the saloon for a : believe there are many who think I look well and I ern but it is more than I can bear, as you will see by , drunkard, and the artist sought to arrest him by living. They will never succeed in this because ! soft, Mind tyooAior father wished 3ci blessto bless ,you ' vigorous pictorial appeals. Nothing in literature individuals and associations can not resist the tempta- Istrove bears the mark of earnestness more deeply than the tion to betray for their own immediate profit. West I 1 Sergt. you added that he. knew the Yileocueased tilloriswr-ah?t periodicals of the first Temperance Reformers, of the Rockies the whisky drinker pours down his personally. He had been very depressed lately and that act, o, It was not to be expected that the liquer throat what is known as ." rot-gut." The West vill was a fact of which the jury were aware. seller would remain silent under these vigorous be wild and woolly so long as tho "rot-gut ' stays The jury returned a verdict of " Suicide while attacks. Their counter-blast appeared in the with it. In the Southern states the condition is much temporarily insane," and the Foreman said he knew Mr. form of a weekly eight-page journal, which began worse both as to quality of liquor sold and as to the 1 Jennings very well. When he heard the news on 1 its career on August 4th, 1838, under the dupes destroyed,the dupes being negroes. Astride of II sS,LtITojuaY naorninlohrehaouldfnot believe it and weat to well-chosen title "The Bacchanalian or Real Temper- the Southern liquor business sits the Anheusa-Busch I 'ci"e'en"estsse,t ? mopsaetu for IXcie'scidoTheajnuryeicpress9cl their w d family in theirl ance Advocate." We only possess the first issue of Co. The latter family has sefused eight million I sad' bereavement. . this remarkable journal. What its editor found to pounds for its interests. To this family may be ' all future pages we do not know, for every conceivable credited many and many a lynching and argnment for drink selling appears to be crowded into burning in the South. The primitive negre this first shout of defiance, field hand, full of strong and sudden impulses comes The arguments are ingenious and good —so good, into town and pays his fifty cents for a pint of what indeed, that they have served the liquor apologists is called gin. He absorbs not only its teem heat, but ever since. Seventy years have not Produced a new he absorbs also the suggestion of the obscene picture one. Then we were "spoilers," now we are of the white woman on the label, drinking in the "confiscators," that is the only difference. The invitation which it carries. And then comes oppor- " Trade" then, as now, was the only true Temperance tunity, There folloWs the hideous episode of the rope Agency, and the public-house was the poor man's or the stake. Of course there is a vision behind all paradise. But let the reader judge. this, though neither the black brute dying in agony, At a time like the present when societies are being nor yet the white brutal mob in its frenzy would think established throughout the country for the awowed the Socialist capable of seeing the real behind the purpose of undermining and eventually annihilating visi;3 n one of the most useful and respectable branches of the ' "In every low nee''ro dive of the south they sell commerce of this country and one which contributes certain brands of • ' gin: whose very names cannot be as much to the national revenue as any other individual mentioned. Obscene titles, obscene labels, advertise branch, little apology can be expected or desired for b eestion, b double meaning, that these corn- discerning intruding on the attention of an enlightened and by sug'contain a y meanings, to stimulate- the low passions public. Indeed, it becomes the duty of those which have made the race problem such a dreadful against whom this unprincipled conspiracy is formed, thine in the south. These bottles do not contain what and on whom the ruin is intended to fall, to stand for- their' labels impl • chemical analysis shows that the ward in their own defence and lay the question before • • ' ' y 'blended • -11 light mixture is only cheap, gin with a infusion the public in its proper light. in some cases of a sweetening which may be Benedic- In thus defending our cause—our families —and our • ! • • • • Benedic- tine. The viciousness lies in the double meanings, property from the ruthless hand of the spoiler, we are clear to every man who knows the southern negro, in pictures f equally defending and protecting the rights and privi- the of naked white women on the labels in leges of our fellow men, defending them indeed from e Yengreater obscenities." the most embittered tyranny and cruel injustice, that The above illustrates two features I desire to note was ever attempted to be forced on an injured but The f h degraded pointedly. e first, owa man may become unthinking people. Nay, even while the people of this in his lust for gold, even when he is already a reulti Christian land are petitioning for the abolition of millionaire, and again it is a real explanation of the Hindoo idolatry, thousands and thousands of our horrible lynching tragedies for which the southern country-men are daily prostrating themselves under states have become noted. the wheels of this modern Juggernaut. I make no apology for dealing a little more at length The picture of the Temperance Movement as the with the drink question as it concerns England. rdo , modern Juggernaut and a blind populace flinging so as a temperance man and not as an abstainer. The : itself under the wheels is an inspiration. But the measure before the country has for its basic principle writer does not follow it up. Instead, he paints in simply temperence, and if it had not been made into a glowing eulogy the glories of the public-house. party question, and ale), if the brewers and not the , It heti been a general complaint among the retailers had not seen there was an " unearned mere- thinking part of mankind—amongst those whom we n.leat " besides a possible vested interest in the ! and all good men, esteem the best friends liquor traffic as it stood and as it tended, there could of society—that the amusements and recreations not have been an Englishman found with a spark of , of the working classes are too little thought manhood in him, with one drop of patriotic blood in , of by their superiors. So much indeed have the reci:ea- his veins who would not have renounced all possible , tions of the labourer been trenched upon that the public- profit that could have come to him from the sale of house is now nearly the only one that the poor man has that which degraded his weaker fellow-raan and to a left. There and there only can he meet with friends certainty would ruin his country. I know it is no use and neighbours—inferiors and superiors—on an equal telling you that it is an absolute scientific fact that footing. There and there only can the poor man enjoy alcoholic drink, more than any other factor, injures the his pipe and his glass, with friendly chat and rational national life, diminishes the physical and intellectual conversation, a thousand times more arnusing—a forces of the race, impregnates it with hereditary thousand times more instructing—than the senseless diseases, and certainly leads to degeneracy. Nor yet : harangue of the teetotal orators. And while he thus is it of much use to quote words of the good - rests from his labours, and enjoys the wholesome hover- man who has just passed,—C.-B.: "Drinking is increas- I aee which Nature requires, and which a bountiful ing in Great Britain, especially in the large cities, to Providence has so abundantly supplied, he is cultivating such an extent that I believe it is to-day one of the I a better acquaintance with his brother man—expound- greatest dangers, if not the greatest we are facing." ing the sympathies of his heart and calling into action No I believe it is utterly useless to quote all this ' his otherwise dormant feelings for the good of some if the question is to be merely a party one, a pies- unfortunate fellow creature—uniting the most pleasing tion as to who shall, or shall not be in power. Two ' and perhaps the most lasting friendships; polishing the hundred and forty million pounds are invested in the ; broad front of civilization, extending the beauteous breweries of England and Wales and the shares in the circle of society—and bringing together the family of brewing companies are held by 2)0,000 people. Every mankind to think and feel as families ought to think shareholder is a rampant opponent of the Bill, merely and to feel ; and at the same time stoiing his mind a temperance one though it is, and is shouting himself with a rich stock of useful information ; to make him hoarse in voicing his opposition. If the Government a better father, a better master, a better friend, and a tells you that with the bill as it is • there will be one better member of society. pub to every 700 people in the towns and one to every " Polishing the broad front of civilization " marks 500 in the country, I ask in the name o every moral the Government law we know of, what is it you want, the zenith of "trade " rhetoric. There has been Would you to do, if they are to do anything at all . nothing like it since. say you wish the Government to do nothing ? You It is to defend these rights and privileges—these have thrown Churchill out of Manchester. You have a blessings and benefits—as well as to rescue those poor right to do this thing if you wish, but do not be blind creatures who are bound band and foot in the dreary to the truth, that it is really not the true Englishman, dungeons of teetotalism,that the "Bacchanalian" is sent but a part of the ,ClOO,OOO the brewers have subscribed out on its mission of benevolence, armed with the as a defence fund that has done it. The work was invincible weapons of reason and truth, to combat useless' • the brilliant fellow is in Parliament all the these horrible wretches, who to serve a mercenary and same. ' sordid purpose, would deprive the rational community It is estimated that nearly one-half of the young of these innocent and social enjoyments which are men in Germany between the ages of 13 and 22 are really and truly tho great bonds of rational society. incapable of liearing arms, the prevalence of heart Then of course conies the inevitable, disease having increased among them by 300 per cent. ! But the most important consideration in this teetotal within the last twenty years. Beer drinking is con- revolution is the destruction and rain that would sidered one of the principal causes of this degeneracy. , inevitably fall on those most respectable merchants and I have asked why you oppose this measure. Of course, tradesmen, the brewers, distillers, and retail dealers in I know what the truthful answer should be. You would . ale and spirits. A highly useful and most respectable answer," Because the Liberals arealways an interfering , body would be reduced to poverty, along with their and disturbing influence." If this answer means any- families and dependents. Other tradesmen svould feel thing it is simply this, that the majority want to go to the less of their valuable support and all would sink the devil their own road and none other. Well, under- together into an already overstocked labour market, stand, ray friend on the opposition side, the human And to make bad worse there would in such it state of family is not built like this. The atheist, socialist, ; things be considerably less demand for labourers teetotaller and Christian are, at least on one object, because some thousands of the best employers would getting close together ; they may not know it, but it is have been reduced to the condition of labourers thorn- so. They are determined to fight, each in his own way selves. This excessive and unnatural increase of possibly, to make the life on this earth worth living,and applicants in the labour market would reduce the price all the powers of beerdora will not prevail against of labour, and that too without increasing the number them. In the United States the filthy obscenity that so of the unemployed, largely surrounds the saloons in the slums of the cities And who are the most likely under these nppalling has become so appalling and has been so manifest to the circumstances to be thrown out of the pale of society? youth of the country that it at last brought to the front The lowest and most friendless. And who are the quite a new feature and this feature emanates from the main body of teetotalers but the lowest and most brewers' office. This feature may, in the near future, friendless class? Take warning, ye mis-guided and become an important factor towards betterment. At ill-advised creatures and do not pull down the props present it cannot help being, Janus like, two faced. A which now support you. League has been formed for the ostensible purpose of After proving that "tine poor rates would be most supplying liquor to decent saloons only, and with- lamentably increased with infinitely less means to holding liquor from all low dives and se On. Of course pay them," the editor proceeds to show that the to carry oust the apparent good in the movement is simply impossible, when it is known that the American 'drink revenue that it would have , Exchequer would suffer so ranch by to the loss of the politician and the brewer are in most cases one and the te tax every other same thing, and where they are not, their twinshie is 1 trade to the point of extinction to make up the loss. 'listt texisting betweenthe How as apparent as that a present e I Hew obvious therefore that the drink bill is the main Church of England and the British brewer. I pillar of the State ! The prohibitionist of the States has shown that he I I In these discussions the writer is cool and argurnen- understands the situation. There is no silly talk tative. But in dealing with the parsons who preach about compensation. The saloon is a curse, then !temperance he fairly breaks down. why compensate the brewer when you shirt his saloon up ? You niay depend upon it that the thirteen pubs ! Ministers have joined the conspiracy, and are deaecrat- you shut up in Warrington will not be those that are ing the Sabbath by teaching those abominable and well conducted. They will be those that are a curse to , damnable doctrines from their pulpits, to the manifest the district in which they are situated. Then why disgust of their more respectable hearers. Whatever compensate ? The brewer that supplies the house that Imes/ be their motives, we are compelled, in defence of i . s a curse , owns It and supplies it with the stuff that right principles and a just cause, to hold them up t - a and he wants gives the jag. The brewer is power. . , merited contempt for such wicked and anti-Christian compensating for his loss of business in the poverty- practices. stricken districts There are those who say something Tying the firebrands of hatred to the tails of the they know is not true, and why they say so foolish ft i Teetotallers and sending them forth to destroy the thing I cannot understand. What the opponents to this publican's scorn "is the crime of which he accuses Bill say is that there will result an increase in drinking. the wicked parsms. He takes his revenge by proving Now by your leave Mr. Editor I want to be mildly that no teetotaller can ever enter heaven. Three pages personal and with Mr. W. P. Rylands. I served my are given to show that Noah's drunkenness was no apprenticeship at Itylandsl Bros., close on fifty years barrier to his salvation,that the Naz irines took drink, lig°. Within a stone's throw olatuh(s T,oillsgoiltae(3 waterethaatt that Daniel was likewise a drinker, and that seeing get half-a-dozen lembosf . Men 1 going out when they pleased, that the Rechabites were only forbidden wine they and stayiEgiviou as long as they pleased. The i • liberty thus accorded the men and boys was very much

THE FUNERAL.

The interment of the remains of the late Mr. Andrew Jennings took place at Warrington Cemetery on Wednesday afternoon. The widespread feelings of regret and pain of the townspeople at the sad end of one who bore such an unblemished character, and whose life had been devoted, in tenderness and affection towards others, found vent in the many thousands who lined the route to the Cernetery, and the immense crowd that gathered round his grave. The coffin was accom- p Iniecl from the residence to Buckley-street Chapel, Winwick-road, by 53 agents of the National Union Life Assurance Branch, including all Royal London agents. Mr. Jennings was a respected member of the Union, having been an agent for the Royal London for 27 years. A service was conducted in the Chapel by the Rev. J. F. Matthews, who spoke of the deceased as a noble example of Christian service, having attended God's House regularly for -11 years, and serving nearly 30 years as a Sunday school teacher. He had been superintendent for 12 years, and continued in that office up to his death, being beloved by every scholar. One of his last acts was to go on June Ist to make final arrangements for a field and the lurries for Walking Day. His two favourite hymns were sung by the crowded con- gregation, and the Dead March in " Saul " was rendered inapressively by the organist (Miss Plinston). The cortege restarted, and was led by 300 school children and 200 adults and the agents ; then followed the hearse and seven coaches. The Rev. J. F. Matthews conducted a very impressive ceremony at the grave. Great sympathy was evinced towards the widow and daughters.. The blow which has fallen upon them is keenly felt. A large number of wreaths were sent by widow and family, relatives and friends, Royal London agents, National Union agents and others.

ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC repairs broken down systems, clears and strengthens the brain and braces up the nerves. Is. per bottle. Also in tablet form Is. per bottle from 11. M.llAstiros, 632 Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
H. WHITHANI.

INSURANCE AGENT'S SAD END. -- Pathetic Letter Read at inquest.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The entertainment at the Palace and Hippodrome this week reaches a high standard and has afforded delight to large audituces. Bella and Bijou are two of the best society entertainers who have ever appeared in Warrington. Their turns bear the stamp of origin- ality and up-t i-dateness, and while they are on the stage merriment holds sway. Two of their latest successes are " The Spanish dancer" and "The Suffragette," the latter proving especially popular. The characters are a suffragette of a very advanced type who enforces her ideas in the household, and a husband who has been reduced to a state of abject servitude. In the end, however, the long-suffering worm turns and the authority of man is once more vindicated. The Schiavonis troupe of comedy acrobats are experts in their p irticular line of business and their daring performances almost take one's breath away. One member of the troupe, Miss Ella, accomplishes the unique feat of catching one gentleman on each hand, whilst they are throwing somersaults from the ground. Takio, the Japanese inimic,gives remarkably clever imitations of a great variety of sounds, ranging from a grinding machine to a cat and dog fight. Billie Burford, smart comedienne, scores a distinct success, her song "In a cheap excursion train " quite taking the fancy of the audience. Flo Burnett is an accomplished vocalist, possessing a voice of fine range and power, and her interpretation of " Come back to Erin" is deservedly applauded. Stuart and Evans, comedians and dancers, provide an amusing turn, and Phern and Phern, musical speciality artistes, demonstrate their skill on a number of novel instru- ments. Raymond's bio-tableaux shows a laughable set of pictures entitled " A. crazy cart wheel."

===== 0002601_19080613_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PR-OC;RAIINIE.

The management have secured many new and inter- esting features for next week's. programme. The " bill " is headed by Leslie Brothers, eccentric musical comedians, who will appear in an original act, " Music Mad." Chanti, the modern Proteus, will give a marvellous and mysterious quick change act, described as the last word in novelties.Chanti will pay £l,OOO to anyone who can prove that he has any assistance xvbatever during his performance. The other artistes will be: Rose Sartella,refined American comedienne ; Tennis and Laune, in their vocal scena " Chapters from Life ;" Charles Resti, comedian and conjuror ; Zeta Gray and Company in their musical comedy act " The Lancashire Lass ; " Kitty Clinton, dainty and versatile comedienne ; Ruhart, in a rapid succession of miginal productions and novel burlesque on vaudeville.

MESSRS. F. H. AYRES LAWN TENNIS RACKETS.

This is just about the time when one discovers that last year's tennis racket is not calculated to give com- plete satisfaction throughout the season, and the enthusiast naturally casts about for a new " weapon." We should like to draw attention to the " Wilding " racket, manufactured by the famous firm of F. FL Ayres, Limited, ill, Aldersgate-street, London E.C. This racket was made to the specifications of one of the foremost exponents of lawn tennis, Mr. A. F. Wilding. It is a handsome article, designed to give the maximum amount of power with the minimum of timber. We never saw a frame so slender and yet so tough. This racket is specially strengthened by insertions in the frame at the shoulders, at the same time adding to the appearance, as no surgical or gut binding is required. The finest materials are combined with the most skilled workmanship. It has been used and recommended by many of the principal lawn tennis players in England and on the Continent. The following events have been won by Mr. A. F. Wilding. with the -" Wilding" racket :—Cannes, singles and doubles ; Barcelona, singles and doubles ; French covered courts, singles end &Ales ; Qtteen's Club covered courts, mixed doubles ; Wiesbaden, singles, doubles and mixed doubles, also Wiesbaden champion- ship ; Reading, singles, doubles and mixed doubles ; Sheffield, singles and doubles ; Leicester, mixed doubles': All England championships, mixed doubles ; Prague, singles, also Austrian championship; Epson, single and doubles ' • Shrewsbury, singles ; Homburg, singles, doubles and mixed doubles; Baden Baden, singles and mixed doubles ; Eastbourne, singles end doubles.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR.

THE 18th CONVENTION AT NOTTINGHAM. -- Special Report.

NOTTINGITAIf, TUESDAY. Thirteen hundred delegates from all parts of the United Kingdom were this week in the go-ahead, clean, green, city of Nottingham. There was fair weather, crowded meetings, very hearty singing, intent and responsive listeners._

fast night Mr. George Nicholls, M.P., in a fiery address on " C.E. in relation to the Labour Problem," said, whenever he spoke, it was generally along the line of this topic. He was inclined to think people might say" Well Nicholls is fiddling again on the old string." I think we are all agreed that these great social—l think I may call them Society—problems can no longer be ignored. We are agreed on that, and I want also to emphasise that this Christian or Christ's-man movement known as Christian Endeavour claims and holds a front rank position, not less than others, as a force for better- ment in the social as well as the spiritual life, in this and other lands, we stand for a reel risen Christ. I want to eraphasise that we stand for a real risen Christ in a living Church, for God and humanity. No true patriot to-day will venture to ask me, why lam I ray brother's keeper? Every student of modera land Social movements must have recognised the grow- ing need for greater endeavour on the part of the I Christian.Church,to strengthen the relationship between Ithe Christian and Social or Labour Problem. We must never allow any parson or section to suggest a separa- tion. Labour has in recent years become a great factor in public life, local, municipal or parliamentary. The man in the street is in many cases antagonistic to the ante in the Church. This ought not to be and need not be. Let me add we are fee to face, in many quarters, with varied and determined attempts c mstently made to alienate the working classes from tho churches, and in some nieces the Church has been driven into an i • attitude of defence both on the platform and in the pulpit. this I would suggest should never be necessary. Our work is to introduce Christ, not to defend the Church. We de not defend our homitals, bacataae they are stately buildings, costly and elaborate, or beeause they have attached to their foundation, some illustrious name. Because they are healing institutions, this is why we support them. So with the Church, my friends, it must be more than a stately building, with a tower as a landmark in the district, with a marble pulpit or a classic preacher. It must be to my mind what the upper Room at Jerusalem was, and what many a cottage and barn in our country districts has been since,—a soul saving institution where the souls of men and women are fired and filled with the Christian spirit. The Church,—aud I do not think anybody doubts it—has often been a mere hermitage. A holiday resort for a few pious souls ; when it ought to have been a generating station, sending a current of poamr—(lond applause)—a moving force into every house and social institution within its reach. I believe this to ha the function of the Church, end wherever you find her living up to her privileges, there you will find the working men will gather,—and they do—and the man in the street becomes the Man in the Church. Spiritual poweramd that alone ray friends, is needed both to win men and to hold the men you win. The greatness of any nation depends upon the integrity of purpose, and the courage and character of its citizens and therefore, if any man disgraccs himself he disgraces his country. That is the ideal. Hence if the goal before us be the uplifting of our race, this Can only be reached when man and man co-operate the individual being knit in society. We cannot have a regenerated society only through the channel of what we call the regenerate individuals, I believe in having Christians to take a foremost piece in municipal and local and Parliamentary life. I am in favour of establishing a good Samaritan Society on the Jericho Road, out of public funds, to care for those who .have been robbed and left on the road, and I would also fire out every robber from his cave along tho Jericho Road, and I make the Jerusaletn Council responsible for the firing out, and I would favour fighting every seat for the Council to see to it that the Christ followers are in the majority. I have great faith, as you will know, in the power of Parliament, and believe that we need many more good Acts placed on the Statute Book, and I am ready to de all I Can to help that on. But lam not going to sit down without saving that this high ideal embodied in an Act of Parliament, however well intentioned it may be, will never be reached except the moral sense of the community is also raised. What have you got to appeal to in any person but his moral sense ? What can you appeal to in the community but the moral sense of the community, and at best an Act of Parliament maker it easier to do right and herder to do wrong. Yes, but so long as the people are bent upon doing wrong, wrong will be dons in spite of your Acts of Parliament. I grant you may limit it somewhat, but you never save society until you save the individual, and I for ,one do not believe that you have done all that you can for a man when you change his residence from the back street to the front,although I would have every man more to the front. Education has dons much to better the towns, garden cities are doing more. The improved conditions in the workshope and employment at a living wage without loss of inde- pendeuce, these have been made a mighty machine for the social and moral uplifting of our race, but these alone fail, and as you must seek the salvation of the whale marl and every man, you have ' done little until yon have saved the man's spirit and soul and body. Set him right and straight within and without and you have accomplished something. As Meyer says" Yon must have the mainspring right as well as the dial." Now there are Some people who think that if you talk about the spiritual life it is a sign of weakness and that the advocate of social reform is the only strong man. It is better to be both of them and I want in this my last word to say, my fellow Endeavourers, that lam only an ordinary man with an ordinary vision, but I have clearly discerned after 21 years in close touch as a Christian with all sorts of society, On the farm, on the r ,ad, as a tramp, in the stone-pit, in the pulpit, oa the platform, the market,place and in Parliament, F am gain; to sty, as an ordinary mar I have clea,ly discerned three mighty. moving elements or forces in our national life—where- ever you ~r) you Had them—the social, the moral, the spiritual f'orme, but the greatest of these three as the spiritual and I look forward to and hope to help for- ward a Christianised and spiritualised democracy— England's one, and I believe, her only hope. This is my ideal. This is also my massage. There were several meetings preliminary to the Convention Session, viz., and principally Saturday: Mayor's Luncheon to Members of the National Execa- tive Council; Junior Rally, exercise by the Junior Endeavourers called "The Endeavour Bicycle"; Welcome Meeting in Castle Gate Church ; Praise Service, "The Blind Maid of Bethany," a sacred cantata by Frederick A. Jackson and Carey Bonner. The Convention Sermon, preached on Whit Sunday morning by the Rev. John Thomas, M.A. of Liverpool, in which he urged that "Love is the last word in character," was a truly spiritual effort and a fine sermon. An afternoon mass meeting for men, in the Tabernacle, was a fine sight. At the open-air Evangelistic Service on the Forest, at 8.15 p.m., about five thousand people gathered. ' At the Convention Session, Monday morning, Principal Bowser, 8.A., spoke on " Bible Study," an address richly stocked with the best possible advice to Bible students. Other addresses were given on the Christian Endeavour Pledge, the parts " I will pray," "I will read the Bible," "I will take some part." being dealt with.

At the Annual Meeting on Whit Monday afternoon, the Rev. E. Abbott was installed as the new President. He said " there was a very signiflcint item in the ex-President's report, viz., that he had travelled 20,090 miles. There is a lady in the gallery that will be greatly concerned about that.. But to get beyond this little pleasantry, this is the great opportunity of my life—a limited opportunity. This commission is given to me on the distinct understanding that I return it at the end of twelve months, and retire to oblivion at the back of the Presidential chair."

Monday evening's Meeting in the Victoria Hall was powerfully inspiring with the Rev. 3. D. Lamont of Belfast In the chair, and such !speakers as Mr. George Nicholls, M.P., Rev. Canon flicks of Manchester and Mrs. Higgs of Oldham, who spoke respectively ou Christian Endeavour in relation to the three problems. the Labour Problem, the Drink Problem and the Housing Problem. On Tuesday morning Endeavourers considered their responsibilities "To the Children," "To the Non- churchgoing," and "To the Regions Beyond." In the afternoon denominational rallies were held.

The closing meetings in the evening wore intended as Consecration Services, in preparation for the service which awaits the Endeavourers on their return to their homes and churches, throughout Great Britain. Many delegates were domiciled in "Hostels "—schoolrooms, turned into hotels—which although not quite as sweet as home, offered compensations in the way of good fellowship and novelty. Some of the beds and pillows in the hostels were of straw. A wit who heard of this suggested that perhaps the delegates might also be fed on turnips. Any little hardship concerning sleep, was however, made up for, by the excellence and abundance of food supplied by the Hospitality Committee workers. The Warrington and District Christian Endeavour Union has arranged for a" Convention Echo Meeting " to take place on SAturd,ty evening next the 20ch inst., in Providence Independent Methodist Chapel, Stockton Heath. The meeting will be preceded by a ramble, and by a tea in the above chapel.

Towards raising a Primitive Methodist Thanksgiving of £250,000 the Liverpeol district has given a pledge to raise at least £16,000. Towards this amount local circuits have voluntarily assessed themselves for £13,226, and 22 have yet to make their returns. The Manchester district assessed itself for £25.000 and the circuit promises exceed £30,000 apd more is expected. Throughout the denomination satisfactory progress is being made. Two-tbirds of the stations have under- taken to raise £211,000. These figures give some justi- fication for the hope that when complete the Centenary Fund will reach a higher figure then the quarter of a million the Manchester Conference decided to aim at.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0203.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD NEWTON'S DAUGHTER MARRIED.

illasses of white lillies and tall palms formed the decoration at Sr. Peter's Church, Eaton-square, on Thursday afternoon, when the Hon. 'Attica Legh, daughter of Lord and Lady Newton, was married to Mr. John Egerton Warburton, of the Scots Guards, and of Arley Hall, two well-known families in Cheshire being thus united..

Th-e bride was given away by her father, and wore a lovely gown of white satin char:nen" made Empire style, and embroidered with silver. liar Brussels lace veil was arranged emr a chaplet of orange-blossom, and round her neck was a single row of pearrs, tho gift of lady Newton.. - . . .

Her.'eight bridesmaids made a picturesque group in white chiffon gowns over white satin, with touches of pale pink, and included the two younger sisters of the bride, the Misses Egerton Warburton, the Misses Villiers, Miss Egerton, and Lady Cicely Pierrepont. daughter of E trl and Countess Mauvers. Their white straw hats were trimmed with white tulle and adorned with one large pink rose, their bouquets being of pink roses, and each wore the bridegroom's gift—a ruby and chrysoprase brooch. After tho bridesmaids came some of the non-commissioned officers and men of the bride- groom's regiment, in the uniforms of the Scots Guards, who lined the aisle throughout the service. The Bishop of London officiated, assisted by the Rev. G. Williamson, of St. Peter's, and the Rev. C. Thomp- son, chaplain to Mr. Warburton, and the bridegroom was supported by a brother °liner, Mr. J. Wickham, as. best man.

The large congregation includad the Duchess of Buckingham and Chandos, wearing black and white and white striped voile ; the Earl of Dartrey, and his daughter, who was in white and purple ; and the Countess of Dnadonald, who br.mght her daughter. Viscount and Viscounte3s Lewisham were together. Lady Cynthia Colville was in blue chiffon, Lady Ampthill was in resada cloth ; Camatess Cro:nartie was a late arrival, wearing white and gold. The Hon. Mrs. Rowley, the bride's aunt, was in grey satin. After the wedding, Lady Newton, who wore a lovely gown of soft grey, with lilt to match, and carrying a bunch of mauve orchids, held a largo reception. The honeymoon is being spent at Billhill, Wolringbam, kindly lent by Sir Edward and Lady Ridley, the bride's uncle and aunt.

The bride received some very lovely jewellery. Lord Newton gave her a diamond tiara, and her brother and sisters a peridot and diamond aigrette. The bride- groom's gifts included a diamond and sapphire ring, and a ruby and diamond pendant. Mr. Egerton Warburton gave her a pearl and diamond necklace, and a large diamond pendant was the gift of several friends who joined together.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0204.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS Latest Quotations

BANK RATlil 24% SMITING DAY .Jc 2.i;TEr 1903. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICF.S—FRID.A.Y NOON. Amount Pricer; NAIfE OF CONIPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS.

Consols 21% 100 -.88 2.1% Annuities 100 ...92] 21% Annuities 100 -.86 Nt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 too _Ha Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ...991 Bank of England Stock . . 100 ...2TO India Stock 100 —lOO BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 -.361 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ..341 London and County ')0 London and Westminster OO ...521 Manchester and County . l7 ..57 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 —462 Parrs ...85 Union of London 151 ...3G Union of Manchester ll ...25 Williams Deacons 9 —212 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleotw'd Trarnroad lO British Electrio Traction Ord. lO -.11 Southport Tramways 5 ...3i HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 -88 Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 58 Great Central Deferred 100 ..131 Great Central Preferred lOO ...25t Great Eastern lOO 70 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO —46 Great Western Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ...93 London, Brighton .t South Coast lOO ...100 London Chatham and Dover lOO ...12 London and North-Western lOO ...139 London and South-Western lOO -1451 Metropolitan .. 100 ...42 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO -.58 Do. Prof. Convd. Ord. lOO —O3l North British lOO ..34 North Eastern Consols lOO ...135 North Staffordshire lOO ...90 South Eastern lOO -.70 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific lOO -.161 Grand Trunk of Canada . 100 17 Do. Guaranteed 100 90 Do. Ist Pref. lOO -.98 Do. 2nd Prof. lOO ...85 Do. 3rd Pre? lOO ...42 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO ...19/G do. do. do. Perpl. 5 Pref 10 ...29/- BREWERIES. Bass, Retell ffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Pref. lO —l5O Bell and Co. Ord lO ..I0 Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO ...is Chester's Ord lO -101 Groves & Whitnall 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...GA Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO —6OO Parker's Burslem Ord. . Springwell Ord. Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ...2 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Gun Pref 10 —Bl INDUSTRIALS, Ito Beyer, Peacock ,!s Co. 51% Cum. Pref. 1 , ..17/- Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Prof. 1 —2O/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 —2Ol- - Dyers Ord 1 ...23f0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 ...21/6 British insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ...GI British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Corn. Pref 5 ...6 Brunnor Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...5 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Prof. lO ...17 Buxton Lime Firms lO ...6 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 _7/6 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ...26/6 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ...81 Crosfleld (J.) 8; Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Pref 10 Crosfields, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...93 Croslield, 41% ' Dotson lOO -.92 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 -.32/3 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...9 do. do. do. do. B 8 ...7 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...22f- Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ...111 47. Dabs. Red. 100 ...93 Hunters the Teemen Ord. 1 ..32!- Levor Brothers, 5% Cum. Prof lO Lipton Ordinary Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 .54/- do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. 5 .4 Nantyglo & Waina 8% Pref. ...... 621 ...70 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5..5i do. do. 6% Cam.. Prof. 5 ..61, Public Benefit B )ot 6% Cans. Pref 5 ...11 Porrins Ltd. Ord. 1 -1/- Richmond Gal Stove & Meter Ord Richmond Gal Stove Ft Meter 6% Cum. Pref. Salt Union Ordinary United Alkali Orlin I.ry ...„ 10 .43/3 do. do. 7% Cum. Prof. lO .11 do. do. DA). • l.OO _llO Vulcan Foundry 1 . .29/ 6 Wigan Coal Sc Iron Co., Ltd.... 7!, ...61 do. do. do. do. do. lO -9 Warrington Land & Property Co., Ltd. Ord. do. do. do B Shares Warrington and Distr,ct Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 -.17/6 The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstal and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, ilen-sey Charnbori, Warrington, and will los found reliable.

Marriages. LITTLF: WOOD —E W ARDS. —Juno 6th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, _ Edwin! Littlewood to Sarah Jana Edwards.

BA—LiCI1—OVR":::1;n0-7t.b, at the Parish Church, War- rington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Edwin]. Ball, to Lilian Nray Glover. BURK E —FortsTER. —Jane 7th, at the Parish Church, by the Rey. Canon Willis, John Thomas Burke to Emily Forster. HILL—LEF,.—June Stb, at the Parish Church, Warring- ton, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Thomas Hill to Edith Lee.

Warrington.—Printed and published by ZOTIN WALHEIt t Co., at The Examiner General Printing Worksßewsoy-stret, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES -.32, George-street, S. lIELENs: 3, Market Street, EARLISTOWN; Church-street RIINCOU June 13th, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080613_art0205.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ,

===== 0002601_19080613_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
E WSEY ROAD WHSLEYAN CHURCH TO-EORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE 14T11. Morning 10.30. Evening 6.30. IDELEGATR from the LOCAL I,ItRACIIERS' MUTUAL AID SOCIETY. All Welcom,=. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHU RC If, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 14th, 1903. PREACHER : Rev. J. F. MAJTHEWS. Morning 10.30. " The supremacy of the fittest." fivening 6. Forgiveness : a fine art." OFFIMORIES.

TO-110REOW, SUNDAY, JUNE 14r. Pmcareu : REV. N. B. LETHERBN. MORNINGIO.S. The Gospel for the worried." ilvernsa 6.37. " Some curious letters."

ESLEYAN CHURCH, BOLU-STEE.ET. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).JUSE 14m. MORNING 10.30. EVENING 6.30. REV. J. HOWELL JONES. or ROTHERHADI, formerly of this Circuit, SOLOISTS :—Xlre. A. BOOTE,Misses MAREL lIIINSHALL and EMILY TAYLOR, Mr. If. PLUIIPTON. AFTERNOON 2.30, FLOWER SERVICE, ADDRESS sy TUE-REV. THOMAS MILLER. Catinawg : DE. BENNETT. Collection at each Senice In aid of School Funds.

HILL CLIFFJ J3aPTISI CHURCII. SLIMMER SERMONS WILL RE PREACHED ON SUNDAY, JUNE 218 r, 1308. PREACHER: REV. A. C. G. RENDELT, (OF RUGBY). arrEarzoox AT 2.30, EVENING AT 6.30. IN THE MORNING AT 10.45, A CHILDREN'S SERVICE WILL BE HELD, AND AN ADDRESS WILL BE DELIVERED DT THE REV. A. C. 0. RENDELL. SPECIAL HYMNS AND AN'THENIS I3Y THE CHOIR AT EACH SERVICE. COLLECTIONS 321 AID OF CHURCH FUNDS. I°l7 ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THESE BERVICFS.

WARRINGTON end DISTRICT UNION of YOUNG FISOPLIS'ii SOCIBTIBS of CHRISTIAN IatRAYOU H.— On UESDAY BXT, June I6th, an 02BN tip& RVANOBLISTIO SERVICE outside St. John's Church, inwick st. it 8 p.m. ON SATURDAY, JUN IS 20th, a Friends start from Providenla Independent 430 Strckton Heath, at about 3.30 p.m. Tea at about 3Li ( 'Pence each) to be followed by a Convention Echo .."eel lug.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. koNDAY /MIT, JUNE Ifas, & DURING Tit& WEEK MR. LEONARD PAGDEN AND EIS TALENTED COMPANY, INCLUDING MISS LUGY WILSON', IN THE GREAT PLAY BY A. W. PINERO, THE SECOND MRS. TANQUERAY Flitom THE ST. Jamvs's THELTRE, LONDON. TIME AND PRICES AS USUAL. Beets Booked at the Iheatre from 11 to 1 daily, and from 8 t° 9 P•ro.

----- NEW BRIGHTON TOWER. NOW OPEN FOR THE SEASON. A MULTITUDE OF tNEW AND NOVEL AMUSEMENTS. -111BS-BEOWN WILD WEST (300 Men and Horses.) Plantation Negro Show," Pcenio Railway, 8. Water Chute, 0.1.0. Cycles, Helier Skelter, Old t_llalith Fair Grounds, Magnificent Ballroom, Billiard Room, (Afmthrnent Rooms, Menagerie, Picturesque Indian Village 4:fren Sundays) etc. 60.000 )tlectria Lights, Lifts to Tower and finest views in Europa. ,R"D CONCERTS EVERY SUNDAY NIGHT,—Best adrit in Furone. Renowned Tower Orchestra. ADMISSION TO THE GROUNDS. ONLY 6D. THE WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER. FOLLOW THE CROWDS. WITH 100 NEW ATTRACTIONS. WHITE CITY MILITARY BAND. rtup -um NATIVE VILLAGE, with its Barbarian Feast and Dances. miLuaAws NEGRO PLANTATION SHOW. SCENIC RAILWAY, a Mile Long. LIVE ALLIGATOR FARM. Ent:mar/vs riminssT a FASTEST WATER CHUTE. CONTINUOUS CONCERTS and DANCING. 60 rr IMPROVED TEA GARDEN. —0 ELECTRIC LIGHTS MAKE THE WHITE CITY AS LIGHT AS DAY. TEN HOURS OF FUN AND RECREATION. OPEN FROM I To 11 P.M. ADMISSION 6D.

ULLTIPLY TEE PLEASURE OF YOUR SIMMER HOLIDAY Sr BY VISITING THE s-OTTISH NATIONAL EXHIBITION, SAUGHTON PARK, EDINBURGH. 760 MASTERPIECES OF GREATEST SCOTTISH PAINTERS, PAST AND PBESEST. 4.11 lIAMOUS BANDS. HIGH-CLASS CONCERTS. 13RNT VOCALISTS. DISTINGUISHED ORGANISTS. Priceless Collection of Scotland's most Historic lice, Many Memorials of Prince Charlie and the 'coltish CliMr. Very Varied and Exceedingly Interesting Exhibits bY Women Workers. ON SATURDAY, JUNE 13YEt, 1181)RIL THE HITSPICES OF THE SCOTTISH CHILDREN'S Gttt, LEAGUE OF PITT, HI3TORICAL PAGEANT AND MASQUE, n_Rdinburgh In Allegory. Scottish Myth and Legend. 'rand procession of Historic Chsracters correctly tostumed. Every Scottish Personage of National Able for Nine Centuries Represented. BAND OF THE SEAFORTH HIGHLANDERS. ON WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24TH, SCOTLAND'S NATIONAL DAY, eotorld-wids Gathering of all Scots. Glowing Qat I.lr. National Dress. Highland Dancing. Clan 51°1111E. Pipe Music. Groups from Scottish I:rIC3LE PARADE TO ILLUSTRATE THE NOVEL'S OF SIR WALTER SCOTT. Howls OF ADMISSION 10 A.M. TO 10 P.M. Awl:vs Is.; CHILDREN 60.

,t...... -----_____ A% WARRINGTON WORK INGMRN'S . , 41.0,3„,‘PRRBIANBNT BBNBFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. ' tl rsovons..rien arDF.B Tam BUILDING ScCIRTISS' ACT. 3874. ,A1910,4C.ki 18 HEREBY OINIAII that the Thirty-eighth GENERAL MEETING of Members of the above will be held in GOLDOENE-STURIST isCHOOL- " Ji.ti„`a Warrington, on Monday evening, the 18.1.11 DAY OP ~ tietl'4:lSCF, at Half.past Eight o'clock, for the purpose of '. Bar"' R a Dividend, Electing Managers, Auditors, and end conducting the ordti.ary business of the ...e.,,he interest l ill be paid on Monday evening, the 22nd op the Sch7olroom, from 7.30 to 8.30. By onter, k PETER DALTON, Secretary. - - 1k.)4, liticSel IL BOROUGII OF WARRINGTON.- 4rx, =ALUM COMMITTEE of the Corporation I `4IIIQ-• -04ND14143 for the supply of tiIIBErS. PILLOW- -1: ja,p't BLANKETS, TOWEV, ac. 42,, °f tender and full particulars may be obtained on at the (Alice tf the !041e tor of Nu sinces, at the whale samples may also be inspected. „,'llatrn.,dl to be delivered securely faebened, addreseed to the ;04,11-Laa of the Health Committee, Health Department, 'ad 411, before 12 o'dlock on the 16th day of June, 19 8 • "Tender for Bedding.„ J. COOTP-HiNTIRRT, Medical Officer of Health.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- - - MR. FRANK MACNIGBTEN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, JUNE 15m, I6DB LESLIE BROTHERS, Eccentric Musical Comedians. BOSE SARTHLLA, Refined American Comedienne. TENNIS AND LAUNIS, in their Vocal Senna. CHARLE3 su,s LI, Comedian and Conjurer*. ZETA CRAY AND COMPANY in" The Lancushire Lass." RAYIUONL'n BIC-TABLEAUX. KITTY CLINTON, Dainty and Versatile Comedienne. 110 HART, in Burleeque on Vaudeville. CHANTI, The Modern Protens, in Lie marvellous quick changing act. GalEry, 3d. ; EArly Door, rid. Pit, 6d. ; Early Don, 01 Circle, le. ; Early Door, le. 3vl.

6 iNIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACM!? OF PERFECTION. einem', _MAK% WARRANTED, POST FREE 2r. 6d., 35., 45. So., axn.es, 6n J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By Englieh Labour. Local Agent: J. lIIMSWORTH, Market Hall. Warringto n

BIRKBECK BANK. HOTAISLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.O. ;2f PER CENT. INTEREST aliovv3l on Deposit Accounts. 2 PIM CENT. INTERBST on Drawing Accounts with Cheque B-,ok. All General Banking Business Transactel. ALMANACK, WITS FULL PARTICITLW3, POST FREE. 0. F. RAVEI4DROF2, EiRCRRTABY

S CEPIIEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHs, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL MFLIIMENTS, STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES bUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEM Y STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THII,BEET AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., EACH WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD;, WARRINGTON.

SUITS LENGTHS 9 9S. TO SMART SUITS TO MEASURE 232. TO 452. STYLISII SELECTIONS-GOOD VALUE-PATTEENS FRES. BUY DIRECT. BIERLEY AND I._ O. MANUFACTURERS, STATION ST., HUDDERSFIELD.

NURSES! ISURSES ! ! NURSES !!! MALE OR FEMALE!, ANY (lASI% ANY;DISTANCE, NIGHT:OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (ESTABLISHED ao YEARS). HOPE 1101:SW, HOPE ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone 2370 Ryal. Telegrams : "Nurses." Liverpool

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OF, COVERLETTE I TAILS OF t nom HAIR FRAMES, POSE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWS, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

'THE CORPORAT I.ON OF WARRINGToNIS PEIHPARIM to RHORIVES LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

NANADA.—NOW IS TRE TIME TO EMIGRATE. `1...) Smooth voyage. Warm uelcomc. Good wages. Strong demand for Yarn Hands. Domestic Servants, and Men for railway construction. Information and advice gladly gt an by LIIONARD DBLIBIBTT, 8, King-street, Warrington.

El 1r j RPOOL AND NORM WALES DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays Included), From Prince's Landing Stige. Steamer. LA MARGUIIBITI4. 045 am., for LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, 13 tZI4OII, and MENAI BEIDGO. Due back 7.30 p.m. 2.1^ p.m. Saturdays—B•tra Sailings for all parts. Isle of AnZeeey Trips, Sunday 21st at 8.45 a.m., and Monday 22nd at 9.16 a.m. Through Bookings Daily from Principal Stations.

DU BUN, ALSO ENGLISH LAKEe. TEDCASTLE LINE. 5.5. "BL OKROOK." " CUMBRIA." " E ANA," and " ADRLA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool, Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 103. : Steerage, 53. cvith Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Bray,Wicklow Avoca, Sta., and on Fridays and Saturdays to Klllarne y,Cork, Bundoran. Warreupoint, &a. LT"Fast 9 6.. " BLACKROCK " every Tuesday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday and Wednesday from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND BEA TRIP, per " Cumbla," Every Saturday, to Whitelp.von, giving 3 days for English Lakes, thence to Dublin, and back, Liverpool (6 clys, or within 2 months). saloon, 20#, Apply TEUCAsTLII, MCCORMiCK & CO., LIMITED, Liverpool. We'e4rame, " Tedoastie." Telephone 975.

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS 10 GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. ..pirtscEss LOWER " OR °TIM STRAMBR. From LIVEDIPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28,North Side) Sat. June 13th 9 p.m. Tues. June 16th 2 p.m. *5.26 p.m. Thurs. June 18th 1 p.m. Bat. June 20th 2 p.m. *8 30 p.m. Tues. June 23rd 6 p.m. Thurs. June 25th 2 p.m.*9.30 p m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington, Widnes to. Single, Ist Glass aud Cabin 11s. 6d. ; Single, 3rd Class ana Steerage 6s. Rcturn (valid for two months) Ist Class and Cabin 18s ; 3rd Class and Cabin, 17s. Special 14 days Bacursion Tickets : Cabin 14e., Steerage 81.3 d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREBT, mA.NoinisTna. BROWN'S BUILDINGS. BXCHANGB, LIVBRFOOL.

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL LIN HE E.—T ONLY LI TURBINE! STEAMBRS. EXPRESS INLIEKLT SERVICE FROM LIVERPOOL TO CANADA. USSUBPIS9ED A CCOMNIODLTION, LOREBT Vahr.a. SPECIAL THROUGH RATES TO WIESTRRN STATES. Also Direct Services from LONDON and GLASGOW. Handbooks, Maps, and all Information FREB. Apply ALLAN, 19, James Street, Liverpool ; 103 Leadenball Street, 8.0., and 5, Fall Mall, S.W., London 5. Bothwell Street, Glasgow ; or Local Agents. ;

WARRINGTON UNION CONTRAC IF.—The GUARDIANS of the above Union INVITE TENDERS for the supply of I. DRUGS P. DRESSINGS 3. SODA WATER for a period of three months, commencing June 29th, ending October 3rd. Full particu'ars will be furnished by the Resident Medical Cfficer daily between toe hours of three and four. Contract forms can be obtained Irom the Matter giving approximate quantities likely lo be required, the items to be contracted for and the conditions applying to such Contracts. Tenders to be sent In envelopes provided to my Oflice on. or before Tuesday, June 24th. Hy order, J. C. SUTTON, Clerk to the Gnarcliane. June 30, 1908.

COUNTY BOROUGH 01c WARRINGTON.— The Health Committee hereby invite TENDERS for the supply of undermentioned goods, to be used in the Corporation Hospitals during the six months ending 31st December, 19:2. GROCERIES. PROVISIONS. CLEANING MATERIALS. BRBAD AND FLOUR. MILK. FISH, GAME. AND POULTRY. MBAT. For full particulars and forms'on which Alone tenders are to be made) to be obtained At the office of the losptctor of Nuisances, at the Town Hal!. The forms to be put in envelopes, sealed, and endorsed " Tenders for Provisions," or whatever It be, and addressed to " Th 3 Chairman of the Health Committee." No tender will be considered that arrives aftil. 12 noon on Tuesday. the 1603 June, at the above-mentioned Offics. The greatest stringency will be observed in maintaining the rules laid down. I. COOTP-HIBBERT, Medical Superintendent of Corporation Hospitals.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, Std., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; If not approved Goods Returned, OAR RIAGEPAID. Second-Land DRESS SUITS. MILITARY, THEATRICAL BAND MNIFORUS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at TIMID COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES. BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEALTS, 80., 2nd-band. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSF.RS,SHIIZTS,BLUOILIERS,VVELLING CONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 325. 328, and 340. Doanggate, Manunester. Established 50 Years. TelepLone 24"; 413

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIA.BILIfY, BURGLARY r AND FIDELITY GUA.RANTEN RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAIL WAY PASSENGERS, ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subecribedY £1,003,100 CLAIMS PAID it—. £5,400,000 34, onawunu„ cuNDom. - A. VIAN, Secretary MANC/lESTEI2 OFFICE : 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS : Warrington Mr. 0. J. HOLMES, Bridge St Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nessclitte, Victoria-rd.,Lateht or. St Helens Mr.J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stret t /lay lock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandboch Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

A C.1:1010E: CIOARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK cur CIGARETTES. Qui-quitted ,}IKLId-Illada from Pure Vlrglolan Tobacco. Ei& per oz., 2e. 64. per Ob. box. T "UDLOW & CO., CIGU MERG HANTS, 15, WINWICK ST', .NO 65, RUPTEEVARKET ST., WARRINGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

ABSTRACT OF RECEIPTS AND PAYMENTS WARR FOR THE HALF-YEAR it: £ e. d. a. d. RECEIPTS Balance brought forward Contributions from Overseers for General Expenses 1839 0 0 Contribution from Overseers for Special Expenses Agricultural Rates Act 18b6— General Expenses Special Expenses Lancashire County Connell— In respect of Maintenance of Main Roads ISC3 14 5 In respect of County Bridges and Roads repairable therewith ID respect of Salaries of Medical Officer of Health In respect of Salaries of Inspector of Nuisances Rixton Cemetery 5 7 6 Fee, including Fees for Licenses ... 3 1? 6 Miscellaneous Receipts £5139 7 10 £5139 7 10 .Printing and Statlonery Rents, Rafe', Insurances, Stamp Duties, Legal Expenses, &e., 8/c. The Accounts from which the foregoing particulars have been abstracted were audited during the week ended 6th Jnne, 1908, by H. W. Hicks, Esq., District Auditor. Eevi say Chambers, Warrington. J. C. FUT 0314, 10th June, 1908. Clerk to the Council.

BY ME BURAL Dl6TitlCl' COUNCIL OF t iNGTON. . NDED 31ST SI 111011, IEB. . I EXPENninnir. Led. Maintenance and Repair of Man Roads . ..... 353 2 7 Imi rovement of llisin lioals ...... . ........... ...••• 7J 4 8 Maintenance and Repair of Raads other than Main Roads Improviement of Roads other than in Road' 431 411 Salaries Account, Highways ..... ...... 210 0 0 Salaries A•icount, Publia Health 255 5 0 455 5 0 -- Payments to other Local Authorities in respect of highways— Main Roads l4 5 6 Secondary Roads District Roads I Improvements Roller Expenses Sewerage and Sewage Disposal Works 3B 7 1 Cost of Disinfectants Cemetery Expenses (Rixton) ll 8 0 Public Lighting l5 0 0 Dust Removal Notification of Infectious Diseases.... ............. Pees for Lists of Births and Deaths Private Improv.ment Works Loans Repayment and Interest Establishment Chargeo* Corporation of Warrington— Public Lightirg lOO 3 2 Water Account Hospital Account B4 5 6 193 810 -- Other Fayirente, viz.. Analysis. 8:3 Balance catried forward 990 2 5

SECOND-HAND PI A NOS ON SALE. A FEW GOOD INSTRUMENTS FROM L 9, SPECIAL IRON-FRAME PIANO, 20 GUINEAS, WONDERFUL VALUE. INSTRUMENTS TUNED, REPAIRED AND EXCHANGED. R. H. PEARSONP WARRINGTON. TILEPHONII 631.

J. B. WARREN, 150 WILDERSPOOL RD. Warrington. Telephone 54r. WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MERCHANT. COAL LIME, BRICKS, FIRE-CLAY, GOODS, DRAIN PIPES, CEMENT, PLASTER, SHARP SAND AND CLAY. Agent for the ACCRINGTON BRICK & TILE CO., SEELSEYS' ADAMANT CEMENT, ENQUIRIES INVITEP.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, rratin WAXER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pietures.snitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, :School Prizes, ae. Terms Moderate; REPRODUCTIONS BY HOUSER OP PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSEITI, and BURNE-TONES. AUTOTYPE EHPRODUCTIONk OF PICTURES IN VIII)NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS! From is.rermnß. MOILINIFIEJLAD, Tel. 350 y. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In Iled or Salt glazed Finish, 13s. Gd. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on application.

SMITH SL WALKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR SPRING WEAR, AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 Y. JIVIAIR/KM T GrA.910.10, WAJEMIN arrow.

STEAM ENGINE REPAIRS CAS ENGINE. REPAIRS STEAM BOILER REPAIRS MAOHINEhY REPAIRS IRON CASTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS. Traction Engine] Repairs. Motor Car and Electrical Engineering.

E. FORSHAW & SON MERSEY ;BOILER; WORKS, Mersey St., Warrington. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS. TELEPHONE No: 123.

'Superior Tailoriumade Holiday Costumes In Creme Serge, Alpaca and Summer Suitings. COAT AND SKIRT, TO MEASURE, £3 3s. Od. Made on the premises. Fit and workmanship guaranteed. W. HODGKINSON L•TD., BRIDGE SZRU6Torti.

Smart Goods for Walking Day.

• THE r. .... ,i : -1 t , FIT : ,1T co f. LIMITED. I Are now showing choicest designs in ,f. .-: . FOOT. -.• ',- EAR. See our windows for special display of Novelties for the season. SMARTEST STYLES. LOWEST PRICES.

UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

PIONEER -FURNISHING STORES, Bold Street, Liverpool. LOWEST PRICES IN THE KINGDOM. For CASH, or on EASY HIRE TERMS. Catalogue and Terms FREE.

SAVE THE MIDDLEMAN'S PROFIT. Since branching out in the wholesale I have found it possible through buying in such huge quantities to sell my goods in many cases at a reduction of 40 per cent, on usual prices. This should ba of interest to you as " Money saved is money earned." NOTE SOME OF THE BARGAINS. LADIES' SOLID GOLD GUARD, stamped, new BOY'S OXYDIZED WATCH. Splendid timekeeper. and fashionable design. Usual Price 425. My price Goes full day with once winding, 3s. sd. 265. 6d. RELIABLE ALAIUL CLOCK. Good loud bell. SOLID GOLD NECKLET AND LOCKET, stamped, Marvellous value, 2s. 3d. Strong Gold Necklet with Locket to open and take two S DAY KITCHEN CLOCK. Strikes on gong. Quite Photos. Marvellous value. Usual Price 20s. My pece 10s. Gd. new design. Usual Price 30s. My price 17s. Gd. GOLD CURB BANGLE with Padlock and Safety SILVER-PLATED TEAPOT, Sheffield make. Chain. Hall-Marked. Usual Price 40s. My price 255. Guaranteed to wear white throughout. Usual Price LADIES' reliable WATCH in Solid Gold Government 12s. 6d. My price 7s. 6.1. Hall-Marked case. Gold or Opaline Dial. Perfect 4 BOTTLE CRUET, Plated on Nickel Silver. Choice timekeepers. Usual Price .£2 2s. My price 255. Design. Cut Glass Stoppers. Usual Price 10s. 6d. My - GENTS' Solid Silver LEVER WATCH. Carefully price 6s. Gd. timed and regulated. Compensation Balance. Usual SUGAR DREDGER, Ruby Glass, Silver-Plated top. Price 255. My price 15s. I Usual Price 3s. 6d. My price Is. 6ld. Large selection Jelly Dishes,Butter Dishes,Honey Jars, Jam Spoons, Butter Knives, Pickle Forks, Cake Knives, Sugar Tongs, Nutcracks, Silver and Rolled-Gold Brooches, Braclots, Alberts, (to., Ay., to be cleared at Is. each.' SEE WINDOWS FOR FURTHER BARGAINS. CART JJ,RS WHOLSSAL 41 PIN7i3LLHII waTcfnieloitts, 29, BRIDGE ST WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO]TRADESMEN. 110"5C3Ft.XX.4 31?) IMF& flir Begs to annonnce that he has commenced business as Window Ticket & Showcard Writer Fit 8 KING STREET, Warrington. TRIAL ORDER SOLICITED. POST ORDERS PRONIPTLY!ATTENDED-TO.

NO BETTER VALUE or SMARTER GOODS can be produced in either] LIVERPOOL or MANCHESTER.; THE M. C. 0. CLOTHING HAS BEEN WELL TRIED AND 4, STANDS ALLMTESTS. 8 and io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

-„,. Hu ~,._ .: • c -, .., : A ,- _, ..,,,...,_ .....„ %:,..• _ • , , 1,7 ,-,,, "N 0 - ''''.4.2-..i. v ..,- P:-.- REPAIRS IN 4 ‘.r.,:t.. ” ._ ELEVEN YEARS. c-:-.. . tli• It ' M. ROWLAND A. LOwE, of Trafford, ' '. Dudley Road Tipton, writes:— 'Orfr It. / -F "My father ha% baen riding his Humber Cycle ". • t: el, 7 ; rittoihahreienreegml e vaho ecua nhvr sienyfeebosaerrsesinn. since cnne3ieol wy3.. eesai rshstae. repairs ry eladlohidnaedl mighttt hhoae sayvtybtheoeafnt : : ..;- `.......• \ k r / '% , / ) , / 4:--, •.. PRICES FROM £s•ss. , ,; / "i or 6/3 per month. Sun! for Catalogue to • \ \II, c•V VI _ . C BELLIAN 8c DAVIES, . 1 ~,, • ,, . f, , SANKEY STREET, _ WARRINGTON. . . „ . , -,-. .• ~ -•;., •-.3.1-,, - • ...

Local Winners at Southport Show. The Ornaskilk and Southport Agricultural Society held its annual show at Blowick, Southport, on Mon- day, when thee was a first-class number of emldbits and a capital attendance. In the cattle (lassrs, Mr. J. ' Pemberton, of Bold, secured third for a bull over two years. Mr. J. M Ncwton, of Warbul ton, was/awarded second for his eahibit of boar, any breed. For a hire stallion, foaled Ist January, 1007, Mr. It. Jeff, Warrington, obtained a triird prize. -

1 /' /1/1 ' li2 • ~/,.,44' ~, 1. •I: ; , , ~410 /. '.l 1 .. loi, lit!. / i ,(,/,,ii.' i , •.. ,t, .:,-. Cli • 7/ 4.;t.-/ •• oN Ili ':' H 1! 77, /,''' ' 41,1'7 / 1 N ' 1 htfl ri I / ~ ~/ ;',.• I/ /1 , 4 1:63i1 i I 1 " I ;JAI !I -, , i , ,p i; A ,/,/,-,/ /i . \ , ~,,. ,ii ~,. ~ ~ •,\ , —_—_—......-------,7—, / _.. ,__

HOW TO PUKE LIGHT BUNS. By usinz Eiffel Tower Ban Flour the most inexperienced perFon can =he lig:lt Buns and Cakes with CE min success. Try a Id, packet.

YOUR PIANO Is probably an old instrument and now out of date. Why Not exchange it for a new up-to- date iustr ument embodying all the latest improvements, say one of our REGENT PIANOS at 24 GUINEAS or 10/6 MONTHLY. This instrument is most carefully planned end satislles all reasonable requirements in tone, touch and design. Wu will allow you full present value fcr your old Piano. Think it over and write us. RICHMOND JONES & SONS DIE PIANO STORES • 11-13, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL. " 'Neath the shadow of St. Luke's," Telephone 2331 Royal.

D. -MORSE S • . (it A .14.# 044 "1104, t T myER 11.. e • - .

FREE. Cutout this Coupon and enclose a id. stamp for return postage, to THE W. H. COMSTOCK CO., LTD., 21, FarringdonAvenue, London, and a FREE SAMPLE of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills will be sent by return mail. Warrington Examiner une 13th, 13C8. '

7.FORLICK'S .t. MALTED MILK 1. Puv,'lJER FOl2lO. THE IDEAL FOOD }OR ALL. • In I 6. 26 and Ili. Bott!es. (Sou, BUCKS.) Insomnia. A Good might cap.

1 41113 MUD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER Elt,ect is warranted to Cleanse the from all imparitie3 from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, AI3SCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its eiTects are marvellaua. Thousands of testimonials of • wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Flemz:nbcr tht: this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLN CURE ILL 8 BLGINI DISEASES A. i Of s.;l tr.'Et:,.' ;Ind S:cres, 210 per riotn, DEVJAaF CF IMITATIONS, .:

EOLIPSS CABINS 2, 12 draisere, brass bandies, for horns or office ; stamps or trinkets ; 2s. G„ Dapl3t, Ketiey, Wellington, Salop.

31P1104-11 your position.—Leern to write smart business 1. Land, Pens and ful: instructions, poet, le.—RltTna, 4, Checterfield Gardens, Harrtogay, London.

HOULE) not the Revised Verslon of the Scriptures be 1.7 Further Revised ? A popular Tract by ths Rey. W. J. Heaton, I'.R.H.u., Author ot Our Own English Bible.' All booksellers, 6d. 1 D. BAZAARS en/plied with special Tines; Smallwarss, .1 Haberdashery, Hs.rdware, Toys, 81. and 8.. 6d. Assorted gr nil as saurple.-7. APFELBAUX t Co., 46, Dautzlo it., Manchester.

QHLF-POLIaHING HARNBSS BLACKING, no labour, no brushing, softens leather; gillii as. 64 , large tin Is., cardaire paI.—UNICORN FLACXING Co • 87, Higher Ormond it.. Manchester.

FOUR -BOTTLB Dinner Cruet, well plated 2s. ; also the famous Stag Breakfast Cruet, 3e. post pad. Marvellous value.—Bour, FOGG. ft Co., 2.6 Afghan rd., Clapham Junction, London, S.W.

frO let on charter, 50t. Steam Yacht, acc )aunodation for J. 6, 'hit.' Also sailing yacht with twAwl net and ge‘r, In full commlasloo, go3d cabin.--!. A. CLLYTON, Undeictiffa, Cae Coch, Bangor, B. Wales.

SPORTSXIBN and S POR IS WC/ash N. —lf you wish to win, write for our terms. Sellable, proved method ard information. No risk.--tticzenr, eio Ilea-s, 136 Greyhouud. rd., West Kensington. London.

j ADDIS AND GREITLBMIIN,—BaIcinces and Greyness 1J cured by we of internal remedy. Makes hair beautiful glossy, and luxuriant. Don't delay. Post free 21. 6d.— RITSLA, 22 Cockspur et., LOLIdOII.

1 DINS.—We Viennese Massage Cream. Remove s lines, 1_.4 redness, roughness, holtrws. Marvellous, elegant. and certain remedy. This week only. 23. 61. nog tree. Don't de'as . -RITLI'S. 21 Coekspur it., London.

KEEP copies of all letters ; no special ink or copying press required ; cleanest, haudiegt, quickest ; boon to correspondents ; ss. post fre.—VHe NEW LEITER Cook Co., Dyson rd., Edmonton, London, N.

GittORGH LARCIILLB, SOUTHPORT, or The Hague Holland, the Popular Turf Agency ; price lists, slnZles doubles, unsurpassed facilities small and Occasional investors bend postcard Southport for terms ; men lin paper. putt. FUME known; wonderful discoveries fn Astrology ; I can tell your fatare In Business, Love, Speculations, ; send birth date. P.O. Is. and stamp ; money returned if reading inc3rrect.—NEwros VERIT Y, 4, Duke at., Adelphi, London, W.C.

RUBBER GOODi And every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliance. half usual prices ; valuable infor- math n and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples 11., or ten sescrted 21. 6d. (worth b..)—W. Y. Dousax tt Co., Manufacturers, Robson rd.. West Norwood. London.

BACON.—Delicious for breakfast; lean, mild, IVI smoked sides (about 46 lbs.), 7d. lb. ; smoked boneless flitches (about 14 1b..), 80. lb. ; pale dried same prices. Either carriage paid anywhere. (Loh with order.—M. W oonnover, Dairy Fanning Co., Northfield, Worm.

LEND Pho'ograph to Miss Duncan, tale, Manchester, wh3 has French milliners making exqaisite Hats from 10s. 61. to 21s. ; Parts mode's ; every one delighted ; post free ; Srnshaces to match, 101 61. ; French Blouses, net and silk, 10r. 64. to 21s. 6d., petfert style. 6tavipi taken.

I ADM, do you want beautiful Hair? If so, use our 1J Shampoo Powder, made from the presoription of an eminent American specialist ; once used ale ays used ; removes all grease, and stops the hair from falling out; send P.O. for 1. id. for sample packet of two.—Taz BLIT& Tenni' EPEcuLITE Co. 45, Prince of Wailes rd.,London, N.W.

Cl RERTINGS from Cermany.—Do you want a rest!), 1.5 beautiful collection cf coloured pictorial r ostcards of Berlin and the mott interesting parts of Germany ? I will send on 5 for is ,or 10 For 1.. 61. on'y ; Postal Order or stamps accemed ; each card at Imped and directed to any attires. in the world; utmost satisfaction guaranteed.—PAUL Ps REHAB/DT, 3, Annenstr, Ittrlin, Germany. 'DURK IRISH LINENS DIRECT Filolll THE fdialialtd• —Rich hand-tmbroidered Bedspreads from 17. 63.; speck! line 213., worth 27e. 6d. ; Ditto Pillow Cases 50. 6d. per pair ; handsome Teacloth IA 3s. 9,. ; Cushion Covers 7d.; beautiful Damask Tablecloths from 69. ; Linen Remnant Parcels ss. to 103 ; special ; cash with order; money returned If not upproved.—J.4lo RPNY,DU ron,freland

Al AT/UMW:LUPO iL and F.LS MONLIBLI4 JL ADVERTlol3ll.—Bitablialied ball a century ; Ib,OCO marriages arrange'. Larger than all the Matrimonial Agencies in the world combined. Sealed envelope e.d. with oirmhir 9d.— BDITon. (Room W. 8.) 12 Trafalgar Building; Northumberland AV( flue, London,W.O. Distance immaterial,

rib o cAPlTALl3r3.—Reguired, SLEEPING PARTNER 1. with £5,000 capital, to Invest in a SOUND, LUCRA- TIVE AND YROGERESSIVE BUSINESS?, situated near SOLINGEN (Germany). Well known and capably managed. LARGE PROFITS PROVED. Good interest, combining perfect security. BEST REFERENCES. Personally inspented.—For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD A CO., Financial Broker., SS DIMOND& ROAD, HREINIS HILL, LONDON, SAL

1110 CAPITALISTS.—REQUIRIID, AUXIVB PARTNER, 1. with £10,003 Capital for LARGiti AND WALL-KNOWN SPONHB 6111tiCHANTS, import and export, IN 1110511 IN (GBILHANY). Partnership on very advantageous terms. SIICURITY BY MORDIAGR. Proprietor in good position. BROBLLIINT RBFBRIINCII3. Petsonally inspecti.d. For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD A CO., Financial Brokers, 35 DBRONDA ROAD, HERNIii HILL, LONDON, S.E.

MISS EDITH BIRCH ALL.—Violin and piano. Pupils prepared for the Royal Academy and Incorporated F. misty's examlnations.—liolly Lodge, liroghall ane,S9 arming ton

QOUT H PORT MODERN SCEIOOL.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOY. First-class education. Staff includes 8.A., H.io., F.C.N., Muir. Bac., de. Swimming, Gymnastics. Cadet Company. and Rine Range. Foreign boys received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER.

AA B. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.11., Professor of INI Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORE. Upwards of no Certifiaates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice. —For terms .apply 134, LOVELY LANE and LEGS 82., Warrington. QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HRATH,WARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDILd4 SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. PIdOSE'I9OTUS, References and Views on application to MISS PARIINGTON. PRINCIPAL.

BNG ALO S (choice of two) ; five and stx rooms, and offices ; wel:-3tooked garden, stable, motor house, yard, glass house, poultry rune, small lawn tank and front, shrubs, shady nooks, asparagus, strawberry beds, fruit trees (different sorts) ; water ; only wants teeing ; rent £3O. or sell, free- hold, further particulars pleasure; photo; no agents. —DEAN, lbe Wigwam, Heatable, Swanley, Kent.

13 'DER AQHNTS. to ride. exhibit 'ample cycle, and take Ii orders ; large profits made without interfering ordinary employment.—Write partioularr,NlEJD ,CYCLIC Co., Agency Dept., ESBX, Liverpool.

VIV ADITED, at once, two smart Girls, for check office ; age about 14 years. -Apply in first instance by letter only, giving age, Ac., addressed BiCRETARY, Warsington H.I. Co-operative Society, lb, Cairo se., Warrington.

RIIirhIiSkiNTATIVBS wanted in alt districts to call upon good class retidents with Blouses and up-to-late Novelties in Ladles wear. Splendid opportunity for the energetic.—Losnott PARI9/1.11 NOVELTY Co. 5, Bradford Avenue, London.

runNISSIt CARTBRe.—Wanted twl good men. None but 1. steady, industrious. and those who have been used to carting trees out r f woods n,ed apply. Sleeping and living in cruvided.—App!y with referenoee, Messrs. S. 2kk, Timber Merchants Elcaswel/, Suffolk.

MN ti ILK BUSINESS WATND.—Adverser wants to purchase paying concern in decent district. Not particular to size. Will pay reasonable commission to anyone intridsolng suitable business.—Address Boa 95, WHEICLICIed ADVERTISING OFPICF, Manchester.

ANTBD, commencing September Quarter, HOUSE VY (detachei I.referred) ; 3 entertaining rooms, 5 bed- roo-ne, bath room, Ac., large garden at back ; Stockton Heath, Dechford, or Orappenhall districts.—Apply to Box Examiner" Office, Warrington, KHi CKBRIS I KNIOKERS Ii KNACKERS! I I Beet possible prices given for demi or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal oa the shortest notice any distance up to 15 miles -JAMES TOOLE AND SONO LTD., Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

LeLIICTRICIIY WORKi PUPIL Required, to aunt .r 1 ensineer and gain practical experience in all duties ; applicant to be well edncated and have (preferably) worked In engineering shops ; small premium required, part returned in salary.—Address, by letter, DumFaike Ridturkierrx WORKS, Dualities, N.B.

3 lANOS ON BALE, RETURNED FROM HIRE. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case, by Ralph Allison. PIANO. beautif dl Walnut Case, by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Cue, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by William Eames. INTENDIEG BUYERS SHOULD NOT SIMI THESE BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTED BY SELViId AND MAKRRS. NOTE ADDRVBB : WADSWORTH'd. E 9, dANKHY BT, WARRINGTON.

QTBRILB MABRIAGR.—Ita Causes and Curative Treaty ment. By a late t enior Phykielim to a Hospital for Women. A New ltdition. Just published Poet free, s. 9,I.—SHRLLEY & Co., LTD., 33, Graceohnren, it. London

--- STAMMERING. AN IMPEDIMBIST SPHOIALTS2 will be glad to send particulars of Lis system to the t illicted on rsceipt of stamped envelope.—Apply. HHEIBBUT DIXON, Acnor's (4111061 f. BIRMINGHAM'.

UTLQICO (approved by Royal Decrees) Insure BIOIG (blerling) r £lO Precnltnn. Aik for protpectur, LOTISICO WELLINGTON 01105BEIRS, 46, CANON bTRISK V, LONDON. 8.0. Agents %ate

TRI3LAND.-" eunshina House," Whitehead. PRIVATH BOUM, beautifully situated own gronntls, close to sea, Golf, boating and fishing. Blackhead with its towering peaks, caves, and winding paths adjoin. The scenery is charming and an ideal spot for a holiday rest. Terms on application to Mrs. WYLIE.

LLANOUDISO.—" Strathmore' BOARDINI ESTAB- LIS:OIEINT, Moatyn-avenue ; south aspen', one minute from Promenade; newly tarnished pobie and private rooms; moderate terma OD application. —A. listanv, Proprietreas.

LNOO t,—TALBOT HOTEL (4 mm'. from station)• Oburch at. Good accommodation for cyclists and boarding visitors ; fishing ; patties cltered for. —Enwta &mow, Proprietor.

r TtiMPIIRABOB 110 tBL,NB 41T0 tsi 5101111, Inverness- shire. Bracing bill resort. Fhbin, excellent g)lf course 18 boles. Qaarter mile from atAllqn. Gaol cooking. Terms moderate —Jour( 8131PE107, Proprleto4

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL:, LIMITIID. 34 TO 0 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. Iloxic COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL DOB BUSINESS UR PLEASURE.

PEEBLES HOTEL HYDRO. THE MOST SUMPTUOUSLY APPOINTED ESTABLISHMENT OF ITS KIND IN GREAT BRITAIN. PURE Air, LOrels Situation, Excellent Cuisine, Electric Light, Passenger Lift, Charming Ciro .nds. GOLF, TENNIS, CROQUET, and BO TILING GREENS, GOOD FIUHING. GOLF-18-hole Golf Course. Motor Cars on Hire. Lally Excnrsima by Motor Char-a-Bat e. All the Latest BATHS, ELECTRIC TREATMENT for Rheumatism, Gout, Sciatica, Obesity. de. Resident Medical Specialist. Send for Illustrated Tariff. A. M. THIRY, DIRECTOR.

SOUTH FORT II AYES' RESTAURANT (KEPT By OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. ESTIMATE 3 GIVES. CHOIR PAP.TIEE, PICNIC 3 TESMIONIAT.S PROP ALscosr EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Te7ephone 0165. THE OLDEST 113TABLISHED RIISfAURAIST IN TOWN.

A BREYSTWYTI4.—" awaits," Borth Pare; 3 minutes from sea; comfortable ; moderate obargts.-11fliss HARCOURT. •

A BURYSTWYTH.—APARTIVRNTS ; moderate terms; healthily situated ; close to cattle, beach, promenade; use of plano.—Huonas, Bodafor, Sea View Place.

A NGLHSRA.—SITTING, three MCDROOSIS ; between 11. Beullech and Moeifra ; few minutes to Hewett. Cooking and attendanc.. Terme moderate.—Owe, Ctorfloafa, fdariauglas, Angleeea.

A NGLESVA.—Ono or two SITTING, two Bedrooms, three la Beds. Between Beullech and Moelira, good cycle accommoAation, splendid view of Moelfra Bay. Terms moderate.—Taomati, Pretoria Mount, Marmglal,Ang

A ELNAN, N.B. (near.)—APARTMENTS (superior): all n modern conveniences • get bathing, golf, fishing ; ciose to rail, post, telegraph.—'lCauu, if, Queensbury Terrace. Cumrnertrees, or. Annan, N.B.

LACKPOOL. —APARTIIIHNTS with or without board. JUP Private room. Also combined room. Terme moderate. One noinate Talbot rd. Static:in.—Mrs. ELLWOOD, 5, Upper Queen it.

BLACKPOOL, South Shore.- Public and Private APART- HMI'S ; /tome comforts ; one minute to pier and station ; board optionaI.—LITTLEMORK, Kingsley House. 39. Station rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Mre. WLDDVP, Healey Honie, 19,Vanee rd. Comfortable APARTM 11N113, with or without botrd ; realonable charges; three minute from Central Station and Bea ; piano.

TlOUGLAB.—Alavrat's, " Pairinven," 6, Hropire terrace.— APAILTAISNTS, board optional ; sea view!: delightfully situated ; central. Also Private Bitting-room. MAYFIBLD, 22, Beabank rd.—Supsrior ..L4 Apartments, overlooking river, with or without board ; good cooking and ttendance.--hirs. ROLM E 3. FAIIMBOITSB TO LIM YORNISIIBD.-5 Bed, 2 Sitting. roorns.—N. T 115119, Tya-y-ffrid, Bangor, LW.

LANRROHCOEDL&N SULPHUR WILLS. Brwool, R.S.O. Breconsldre, Farm House Residence. Exquisite Glen Scenery and Falls. Excellent trout Fishing. 3:)s. weelily. pply PROPRIETOR.

1., &RR OLLl3s.—Furnishel Rooms or APAttf J_J beautilul, healthy situation ; 3 bedrooms (4 beds) ; sitting-room, kitchen ; moderate tereas.—kionnta, Birch Cottage, Rglwyeek

L LAISIGOLLBN.—Superior Farmhouse APAHTAIRSTS, tour bedroonce, two sittingrooms. dtabiing it required. Close to hill., lovely scenery. Ten minutes frost ststion . Race !lent main rocd.--WlLLtecte, Abbey 11',.rart.

1\11(1,47 BRlGHTON.—Handsorne Sunny Select, APART ▪ MENTS. Healthiest Situation. Near Tower, Sands, Pierrots ; (100 amusements.) Moderate.--.• HEATLIERDENE," • ROWSOII at.

PORT santou Isle of Mau. 'l.o be let, a small COTTAGH, FUlttlatifilin, about ten minutes from railway station, five minutas from beaols.—Apply tO HARLOW House, Banton, Isle of Man.

ItHYL.—euperior APAIITMEiNTS or Furnished (May- June) ; 2 bitting, 4 Bedrooms ; h. and C. ; plana ; gas co Aar ; minute from sea; terms ua.pierate —titIXTER, 6 PaLoe-avenue.

SOUPHPORT.—Very 01J-estsbilsidel Plumber's, Painter's and Deoorator's Business for Dispostl, with good con- nection ; everything £3OO, or Valuation ; rent WArnixorox. 214, Sussex rd. Southport.

QT. ANNES-ON-SR9.—APARTSIRSITS nubile and private. L.. 3 Hear station, set and promenade.—MlSseb GoODIER, The Homestead, Richmond rd.

SWANAGR, noasEr.—Apr.rtments lime comforts good house ; do,e sea ; no other viettors.—Mr. W. Fordham.

-WARRINGTON WALKING DAY.—Visit the old- /I fashioned (private) Black and White House, Croft, near Warrington. Plc-nio and School Part!es catered for, Large field attached for gatnes.titab'lni.—A poly W. REMICK

WIDOW Lady seeks elderly gent'eman as permanent Boarder ; select neighbourhood near sea • no family. or other baarders ; references exchanged..- Addrea Mrs DYE% 30, Victoria r 3,, Shoreham, Sussex.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOITLIAND9 OF LAtirEs HAVa DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,HyeteriaMalpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and Female Aliments. Boxes Sid. Is. lid.. 2s. atis. 6d. and its. DR. D&VIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPAIION CURB. A positive Specific+ for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/5. 11/-, by post 31. extra, 309 PORTO3ELLO4IOI.D. NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W. (Only Address).

rrU B. SOL') B" AUCTLiJ BY 43i RICHARD ORSEI.4OII.IiI tt SON, AT Tll4 nissst HOTKL, ST. HIILHNS, ()3 TURSDAY, Tri 2iso DAY OF JUNII 1938, at S p m. prompt, subject to conditions of sale. LOT I,—The freehold premises formerly used as a Public- house and then known as the N 131.1, 12 arket Hotto, situate iu Naylor-street, it. Helens, and also the shoo adjseent th sreto in Naylor-street. The Shop is let at a yearly rental of V) and the other premises are in hand. This lot Is sold subject to the payment of a ye arty rent charge of £25 119. id. LOT 2.—The Freehold Premlses formerly used as a Public- Louse and then known as the Nancy Hotel, Pocket Nook- street, St. Helens. and now let on a weekly tenancy. LOT 3.—The Leasehold Premlsei formerly used as a Beer- house and then known al 'rho Behr!. &trod lon situate in Bandlield Crescent, areenbank, St. Helens. Term 933 years r mu 1851. Subject to a yearly ground rent of £7 169. LOT 4.—TBe Leasehold Premises f iroserly used as a Beer- house and th,m known as The Wheat Sheaf Inn situate in College-street, Gerard, Bridge, St. Helens. Together ivitq (be Stable behind the seine. Term 194 years from 1731• Apportioned 3 early ground relit £l. The mines and minerals underlying this lot are reserved ' with power to get the same but not to damage the stvface. For further particalars apply to the Anal/aware, Messrs. FILCHARD G1181E21227C111 84 SON, Silk-ltrotit. I,sigb , or to Messrs. Marsh, Son and Calvert, Solicitors, Doctors Nook, Leigh.

ON SALB splendid COVE ELSSISS CAA In Le ith sr Wain it and Asti, Silvered. Cost £.2.5 two years ego. Been little used. Will take BM—Apply PO lit 119,,N RD., Belson, Lancathire.

ARGYLL aIOTOII, 12-14 h p., genuine Aster Engine, tour cyliLders ;sest five persons ; in exaellent condition ; will be sold cbesp.---Ad tress J. S. DCONSFLELD, Christowe, Orosvenor rd., Colwyn Bay.

LNISERAL CAUILIAORS, reduced pricer, easy terms. 1: Washington Care, Hearses from £5.), Coaclaes £3O, Landaus £4O, Braker, Oharabanca, Oahe, £35. Cata!agues.— MARSTON, 24, Bradford et., Birmingham.

poViIIITRY CYOLH—Most marvellous bargain ever offered kJ Gents's high-grade 1908 Cycle ; absolutely as new ; bearing, free-wheel, two roller lever rim-brakes. silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyres (not soiled), beautifully enamelled lined and plated, mudguards, and all accessories complete cash urgently required ; will sacrifice for £3 12s. 6d. worth double; approval before cash sent,—T. HUSBAND. 30, Alma at., Weston-super-Mare.

fIYCLII, marvellous sacrifice ; two-speed gear, Clincher V tyres, magnificent machine, not sollei or scratched. silver-plated rims, beautifully lined, mud guards, two genuine roller levar Crabbe brakes, plated gas lamp, and all other accessories ; Coventry michine and practically new ; approval willingly, half carriage paid ; private owner; bargain, lowest, £5 10a.-9. BIACKMJRE, 8, asfard et., Weston-super-Mare.

CYOLlS.—Marvellons sacrifice. Gent's ilfew Mt MAC MISR highest grade, fitted with 01;ri3her tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim hrakea, the very latest, Perry's ball-bearing free wheel, plated rime coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame, mudguards ; m Tnificent machine, not soiled ; complete wich gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, etc. ; 24 2s. E2r.. ; great bargain, worth double. Mil send on approval any distance bef are cash sent.—M. HOUSE, St. Madge, Pitman rd., Weston-super-Mare.

Ebt Oramintr *eats THE wARRINGTos & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER s published every Saturday morning. The principal and tbe Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &0., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract In booth Lanca- shire and Hid-Cheshire. rrali RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beet and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. crilll WIDNES BRA3IINER. published every naturday morning. Widnes contains the largest anmber of chemical works of any town In the Kincdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. CUBE 211,:aLBSTO Wll AND NEWTON BE IHINER, 1. published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydn*, Lowton &c. The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire Cal fields, THE ST. HELENS EXAidlerud, published every I. Saturday morning ,eirculating in St. Helens, Presten Parr, Sutton, Per.siev C. 0113, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. paEPAID A UYEEtTISESSENTS APARTHEBITS WANTED. 110173 ES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BB SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. SII-MLLANSOUS WAITS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Throe Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 .... Os. 83. ... Is. 3d. ... 21. 04. ... 3s. 91. 27 ... Os. 91. ... Is. 10d. ... 3e. 03, ... to. Od. 38 ... 13. Cl. ... 2s. Cd. ... 4s. 01. 6a. Cd. 45 is. 31. ... 31. 13. ... ss. 03... 7s. Cd. 64 ... Is. 81. ... 3s. 83. ... Bs. 04. ... 10s. Cd.

_ THE EXAMINER. JUNE 13th, 1908.

' ticket ?" he asked her abruptly. " Oh, no," she said mildly," I'm not going this time, but I wanted to know the particulars. My sister may be going in July." • * 1 To-day should be a red-letter day in the history of the women's suffrage movement. Twp great open-air demonstrations in London have been arranged, the Imore important being the march of the 10,000 women from the Embankment to the Albert Hall, organised by the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. These ladies represent the constitutional as opposed to the mil taut agitators, and their procession will furnish a striking object lesson in the spread of the movement among business and professional women. Marching six abreast will be medical and University studeats, typewriters, clerks, artists, musicians, writers, nurses, actresses, and many other classes of female workers carrying hundreds of specially painted banners, and accompanied by numerous bands. At the same time Trafalgar-square will be occupied by a demonstrati ,n got up by the Industrial and Trade Union Women Suffragists, and representative of four teen of the leading societies for the protection of female labour. Both of these gatherings, however, are likely to be eclipsed by the great assembly in Hyde Park to-day week, arranged by the militant suffragists, who are counting upon a crowd of a quarter of a million sympathisers. if the advocates of votes for women had from the first proceeded on these constitutional lines the movement would have held a warmer place in the sympathies of the general rublie than it does to-day.

- Tailoring that fits AT LESS THAN CITY PRICES. (I. ROBERT WOOD) TAILOR AND COSTUMIER, 5, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

NOTES ON GAMES AND 11 en 14, 13 w arth reading. Porter score I one at the second end, and two at the eleventh, whilst his opponent's score was made up of nine doubles and three ATHLETICS. i singles. I Another to win by exactiv - the same margin was J. ______ • Hada-43db (Bull's sHead). It was rather a surprise to , Cricket. see the genial H'arry Fogg knocked out in the first . round, considering that he has a good knowledge of Secretaries of clubs are requested to note that reports • the green. A. Fielding, the young bowler from the of Saturday's matches should reach us not later than George, did a bit better than his father (who was beaten Thursday morning, to ensure publication. ! by,B points), by qualifying for the second round by defeating J. S. Crowther 21-15. One of the best wins of the day was obtained by H. Holloway (Leigh Rail- way), who accomplished a really flue performance in beating Forster on his own green by no fewer than 17 points. An unexpected result came when A. J. Jones was defeatel by 21-11

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. 'LIPTON'S TEA. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD. !Local Branch :—WARRINGT3N, BRINE ST

1 CHILDREN k SLEEP WELL w d . when they are healthy and their food is doing its proper work. , THE BEST FOOD IS Neave9s food which for more than 8o years has 1 I helped to preserve and build up the young life of the Country. When .. prepared according to the direc- ' tons given, it is easily digested and assimilated by the most delicate I Infant and forms A COMPLETE DIET.

DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS. Areia!new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Ba kache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all diseases'of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet hree times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain Backache, ZSzc. Wrltelat once enclosing it stamps forone box or 33 stamps or 3 boxes to DR. 13 11( ER'S MEDICINE CO.. 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHwARE, LompoN, SE,

PEDLAR FOX. Pedlar Fox was passing, 4 Looking very sly, "Pretty Mother Goose, Won't you uome and buy Ribbons for the goslings? Pay me with a smile; And if you will kindly Let me rest awhile." Mother Goose was wiser; , Thro' his guile she saw, "I love ribbons, but, sir, My children I love more." A POOR MUSICIAN. A poor old soldier; blind, and thinly el and bowed with age, used to play on a vlo.in every evening in the public gardens at Vica:r.a. Beside him sat his faithful dog. One evening he was sadly grieved. No one listened to his playing, and hot a single coin had been placed in his hat. Wearied out, and sad at heart, he sat (town on a stone, and, covering his face with his hands, wept. A gentleman who had noticed him sterped forth from the crowd. Going up to the old man, he put a coin in his hat, saying, "Lend ins your violin." He then tuned it carefully, and added, "While I play, you take the, money. Then he began to play so beautifully that a crowd of eager listeners soon gathered iound. Not copper, but silver also, was freely droll;es.l into the old soldier's hat. The'dog, whO held the hat, began to growl; it was so iffavy ha could not hold it. "Who is he?" every one began asking. He was one of the most famous violin players in the world, who was thus using his skill to help 3. poor old soldier. As soon as he had finished playing, he placed the violin in the poor man's lap, emptied the money into his bag, and before the old man could thank him he had gone. JOIIN W. LENDSAY. —4— A RAT'S FUNERAL. Some rats which lived on the banks of the River Meuse (in France) were daily fed by a little girl and her mother, and became so tame that at last they Caine regularly to the kitchen door for food. One a them was very old and blind, and could hardly walk. He was always accom- panied by a ypung rat, who took great care of him, and, on account ofiullis infirmity, he was a great favourite with the people of the house. One morning he and his 'companions were missed, and for two days nothing was seen of them. On the third day the rats were observed to leave their hole in a different way than usual. First caine two' of them, dragging the poor old rat by his tail. He was dead, and several others followed in a kind of proeessien. " Mother, what's a tonic?" asked Molly, when at tea the other day. "Something that makes you feel well when you have been ill." "Then is a Teutonic something that makes you feel too well?" said the girl, with an air of superior knowledge. , Mrs. Goldstein: "Ikey, They I Felix has svallered a penny." Mr. Goldstein: "Vot a great poy I Alretty be, vants to shtart in the slot machine pc.einess." Why do the bells ring on a Royal Birthday?— Because the bell-ropes are pulled. Why is there never a whole day I—Because each day begins by breaking.

FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES. CHIVERS'

THE FAMILY Docron SAYS :-" We have nothing but unqualified praise, for they are Absolutely Pure and free from adulteration." CiIIVERS & SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE, FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM FACTORY.

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has een kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS, CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin, In many cases of Very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frac for 14stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

4,7 r v ,itocoictore t M 1 LK . y , ~,,,,,,,c,, Li., ~ v, ..ii./Y/IcYrp,,A,-,.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS! 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. October Bth, 1906. Sir,-1 think it is my duty to write and tell you of the great benefit I that have received from your Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have been a great sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I have recommended your pills to all I have come into contact with, and shall always speak very highly of them. lam NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN THE HOUSE. You can make what use you like of this state- ment, which is strictly true. Yours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, FADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle Is. lid. and 2s. 9d, or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London EADE'S GOUT &

C•.ae • a C • .ae• ..3C! . . ,4 i°*. 2C•..er\.51 C • . a' r \ . 7 C'''. .er•.7iCN . . . o€ '' . 2 PLAIN TRUTHS on the subject of Health are the only acceptable pronouncements. Exaggerated statements end by convincing no one—rather do they , create suspicion, and give rise to doubt. But you may safely listen / to universal opinion. The public have for long known the value of 2) 2 Beecham's Pills in cases of disorder and irregularity of the Stomach, Bowels, Liver, and Kidneys. Thousands of men and women know , from glad experience, that an occasional dose of Beecham's Pills ta will promote the healthy action of these organs, and that all the good things heard on every hand ? Si EB 0 (7,17 T cl i ‘' this medicine, are true In the strictest sense. Most people desire a _ t; specific that can be depended upon at all times to correct the vital , functions when they are out of order and Nature calls for some 2 assistance. Such a preparation may be found in BE.ECHAM'S PILLS. They will put you right and keep you up to the mark. They have ' proved an'immense boon to many thousands of men and women v 2, all over the world. It is just as certain that they will benefit you— and this is a plain truth you may accept and act upon in regard to c)-0 . I • , , 0 Piz. L S 111 -------.."---.......,...... 9 el CZSold everywhere in boxes. price 111 i (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). Cliobe a Ciepe '.2 Cobe .. % 4 Caiibe . N. 2 C6d142 '... 2 C.:ber.a C.,1)412

Crapnenhall Parish Council. This Council held its quarterly meeting in the National Schools on Thesday-evening,the chair (in the absence of Ur. J. C. Parr), being taken by Mr. A. Lister Kaye. The other members present were Messrs. G. Ashton, Lawrence Bolton H. T. Nicholls, W. Lomas, T. Ireland, T. Collins and C: H. Hoult (clerk). —The Committee of the fhll Council appointed to consider the position of the Thomas Johnson Charity reported as follows : —" After carefully considering the matter, and having again communicated with the Charity Commissioners, the Committee is of the opinion that the Parish Council have no legal right to take possession of the charity. It appears, however, that additional trustees can, with the consent of the present trustees, be appointed by the Parish Council and others concerned.—Mr. Bolton said the report amounted- to this—that they had no power. The Parish Council would be well advised to let the matter drop. (Hear, hear.)—The Chairman: And even if we became trustees we could not administer the charity. That is rather a strong point.—On the motion of Mr. Bolton, seconded by Mr. Nicholls, the report was adopted.

SOLD EVERYWHERE at ls. 1,.25. 94.,441.84., and Ils I 3 , owl:Ridge LUNG TONIC -THI Culls FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,ASTHMA,Etc

• TRADE TERME TO THIN RIDER, aeoll dlatriet who awl, Immediately% Sava Pealera' Fr..Fts. Cash ur nay Payrweeta ie et COVENTRY CYCLEO from ISS 10s. • rm.ted to la year.. Packed Free. Car. ma& wrlte at Orire for Art Catalog.. and Special Offer. Mood Crolo Co., Copt. BoA, Livorpoi‘

THE PROPERTY INVESTMENT BANK, LIMITED. HEAD OFFICE :-4, ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER. SICKNESS & ACCIDENT INSURANCE. The Best Spare Time Agency. The tables of this Company are liberal, and appeal to all classes. The policy covers all Accidents, and every form of Sickness. WHY PAY RENT? Our System stands unrivalled. The Company will build you a house, by your placing a Deposit with them. The facilities offered are unequalled by any other Company. Send for Prospectus. Wanted good men in all districts. Smart and reliable men can obtain first-class positions. Apply as above.

Thirsty? dr7orPhing .114 tbe m„t 4.1:, 44cishoi;::4 harlitu'reu4ltioo. • send orAivre er 4etli!";l' " .117ZIList447), to .ot,ll'. t,Pletaitt r4Z}lte'ri.4.":::ZleT34 0,,,,4e.43!rent rn, Not:. 444„ tr T c r.' 4gent Send ""P r. • 4 Nrgb " -e,,,,r.petotaAtt 4 1.3::41' tk„:0.04, *nark/. Good tfet I It's Mason • -

Unrivalled Beauty Spots eisited in connection with ViTZEIVS TOUR 1%1 AT 1A MILIEU S

1 int elfin Ilot4 for Scrron nays and 5 EXCURSIONS. Fnll p9,rtitorlar4 fro n Holiday Bureau, Przliholi.

eetila's CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON ;CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. it Softens and Removes all hard callosities on tte sules of the feet, If you suffer try a box, ycu will never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. , M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Chetenham FREE Insurgoe byßlrvlenpse= 117teenlhcPtgrla.:St., London. /AZ

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADRS PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! H.M.S. Leander, Davenport, November 30th, 1907. Dear Sir.—Daring the past six months we have had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and whilst hoisting in and out ocean tags, copper punts and other small crafts, I contracted several chills one after the other, which finally settled in my legs and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. I was placed on the sick list and given the usual naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing your advertisement. I determined to try your famous Gout,Pills, and after taking a few doses they worked marvels. All the swellity, disappeared and my logs areas strong as ever again. Yours Respectfulßy, G. SWACKENHAMME. Q.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all juri 311 S matter, and are highly restorative. old everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Porprietors, GEORGE EADE, 232, G °swell road London. lEUMATIC PILLS.

... , . ni A i 89, ..0 • . 420V1/4 ci,', 'ii•S• II: ..%/14 ~ . , .- . •'' , i 1 , , n 1 : . ..,. x ~,,,,,..).(iin ~;„..p . . ,A ..--- ~..k . A, . ~.- ~/ i Atielz a ) , 414> . , ~\ 0.-.„„‘]. ' . i i i „.,„, , ~.---_ _-,. t. .f,I.A. • . , .. • 1,64 ;;!;t• r";.--rx ' 62 4 10, ci\ 'co asVslufletm: \0.10: . ALL es . fr4°4.e s•- SM act t: L.: GROCERS., :.....,,t..,., BOTTLES .

go EATINGi DOWDER r DK I LLSj • 1 FLEAS BUGS FLIES , , TINS 3? 6r!i! I

/ VTwo Bottles Whisky of the best and cheapest ever offered, entirely reliable as to by genuine age and quality, post free for 6/-, direct Post frolli SOLE PROPRIETORS: Matthew Cloag & Sett, Perth, N.B. Est.sl. ,Soo.

DOUN IMMS are the greatest is 'dcovery 0 that TONAL known for the cure of ABS rer vow' Debility, Indiges- tion, Constipaticn, Sluggish Liver, ao. They ',commend themselves. axes Is. and 2s. 91 ,or sample 3 stamps, or the TIMMEI Oa., 23 Craven at., W.C.

SAVIGEATS EMBROK CREAM. Marvellous Results. Removes all outward pains, Rhenuaatit pains, Bruises, Sprains, dm Try Sample Bottle, 7id., Chemist, or 444 Child's Place, London,

TAILOR-MADE COSTUME SKIRTS. . 411ergo!, ,nwee'4P.erainor Vtiennas,_.:, Tweeds, d H ather Mixturts. Colours: Black, Navy, Brown, Green, Grey. Trimmed cclk ' braid and velvet buttons. Send ". front length and waist measures. . , age sd. extra. Money re- turned if not satisfied. Jarnee Lodge k Co., Dept. 7, Beetto.-,

There is only one ss.fe way et SAFE SPECULATION ting on the Stock Ex- claers nge. Amounts of £4 and ' • upwards, may realize twenty • times their value by exercising PROFITS UNLIMITED 'Options,' which means the privilege of buying or selling at present prices, stocks LossEs HITE() and shares a-t any time within one two or three . months. Profits are often enormous as prices must move one way or another, but losecs are strzctly limited tOamoc,;at paid for option. Fullest particulars post free troos TRACEY MILLER & CO. Z a 08. Backville Street. Piccadilly London. W.

TAILOR-MADE SKIRTS. WELL FINISHED. PERECT FITTING. We challenge the world, and our value is un.. equalled. Buy from the Merchant, and save middleman's profit. We do not sell the low class ill-fitting iA Iry-meats so largely advertised. Any m Lady would be well dressed one of our ' Spec l' Cheviot Serge Skirts. Countess, 4/11 1 New Brown. Duchess, 511 New Green, \ Princess, 6/11 Navy, Black. Carriage paid. \ Money returned it not approved , . of. Send outside waist measurement ~ _ and length with P. 0.0. to J. RAT I Co., SO 081/PSIDI, LONDON. LG. , j 4011711 Tl. WAT( iip---- 4 are In . / of g 0, or,rlcddh,eabyt well , • . , 'wench f the WELL MA6E3 g iwne , . , SUPERIOR FINISr: a . \\,... , A.S• ILLUSTRATION nc —.. cr•GUARANTEEL - -r-vm:l4kli-oit ONE •YEARNNIL: ' 2E sinfCsWEILE Pil: 01 th(f..,7 .7.!` ' -"' .PO. F.VY 4/3 41 DIRECT SUPPLY Cc24A ~., ,- atVONS7IIRf 5. in . '1,5,1r.5*:,..Te .5
