===== 0002601_19081114_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVRNBRR 151 m. 1905. 31URR1194, 10.30. RSV. F. WALWYL9 KREINIOIC. MYRriIIRG. 8.30. MEW. B. BLANSHARD AR welcome. Hymn Books provided.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
. .., ~... ..........„.... , ~,,„ _ . ......... nev, , . ._ ....„,..„ ~...,,,,,.., ~,,,,, ~, .. c 1 ----_ ..„,.: ...:_c; ._.1...,.... . \ . ~.. -f.„ • - -- :, 11,...,;.:- lb-. -- :::. -e:-.i. -.,-,: .-,;. - -- ~, -:.;._ .....- .. , ---::- ~....: ..-. . -.-.- ...... ..,...„. , ( i J .„. (..........,„„ ,--.._--/..., ~'... 1.: :"...T.,; llv 1g: of i.,7'. --,....L ~.,. ....-1, ,:. 11,,, Ly., ".!• q. A: '<•• - - '..5,-1-;i :""' '''' ' ' :-.r,-.. I ty!,.. , i z...-,..-; 7:, k - .:- <,.., -,.., -.7-, ~...- 5z.,,,,,ez... k.-... --,:,,_ -,- - 411:17, 111116, -..--.:; --4. .s•- In 1/4111, ~,,,-. ~.... w. --.2. I i .:, LI I . , •, t ,

ONE PENNY

Mutation.

SEORETARIAL and Commercial Education, postal tuition thorough training.— Apply COMMERCE, 36, Syne rd., Syclenham.

TEL. No. 123.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington).

fiffoiov Cam €petto, eltarriagrot etc

1.00 GUERRA MOTOR TRI-CAR " Rexette " Good as new, 2 speeds 6 hp. Offers, trial.—J. RTUBBS. Ashlield rd., Ohorley.

*tote% f4pOros, toarDing 055tab55.

it/LUSBY HYDRO, MB OF MAN.—ldeal wintei residence ; extensive grounds, golf, billiards ; brine and Otber baths. illustrated booklet on application.

ZpartirtentO, furniObeb /10u5t5, sct

PRHSTATYN.—FurnIahed, Unfurnished Bungalow., Houses, Land, Let or Bain; stamp.—ISIGLEFIELD,Agent, Prestatrn,

DRlGHTOU.—Comfortable apartment", board optional. II 1 min, gag, bAtb. M oderate.-7 BUBLIIMON ST. Marine ramie.

IIItIOLACKPUOL (NORTll).—romfortabie clean APART- Mi4NTS, facing sea; bath; winter terms.—C.LalrßELL, 9, Holmaeld rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Best and most reasonable sooommodation at Mrs. MOSELEY.B, 96, Albert rd., pear Central Station and Promenade; publlJ or private APAIUMHSTS. Plano.

i LANDUDNO and NORTH WALBS COASI.—For Li Fiaruished and Uniurniihed Houses apply XL RYAN, Rotate Agent and Auctioneer, Llandudno.

RIVATH NUREING HOME for Invalids; Medina,- eurgical, Chronic. Maternity. Detached house, brach'. air. Terms mod.—Mrs.OwErs,Hawthorn, west View, Hendon

TEL. No. 123

E. FORSHAW & SON LIMITED. ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS .FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS, MAKERS OF Mersey St., Warrington. IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Weil-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Cunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c. Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, t net° STEAM BOILERS, GAB ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-Inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

siLnrunni&v, NOVEMBER 14, 1908.

7i. p. ISY POST I is. der Quarter. 6s. 6d. per annum. is. 9d. per Quarter credi

J. E. WARREN. 80, Bridge St., Warrington (Opposite the Lion Hotel). BEST BUXTON LIME direct from the Kilns.. FARMERS ORDERS SPECIALLY SOLICITED.

HOUSEI COAL AT LOW PRICES.

Telephone 542.

, TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH ISIANCHBSTER

ATTEND TEETH TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at TEETH NORTHWICH. WINSFORD and MIDDLEV7IOH. TEETH (See Local Papers)

===== 0002601_19081114_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
No 1653

A LICS FINALL. —.ENTERTAINER at PIANO, sketches' song, ac.-7, CLARENCE RD , Üborltan-cum- Manobester.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
&aim bi 2 Ruttfon.

SHORT NOTICE OF SALE Re PERCY DALTON, WATCHMAKER, JEWELLER & SILVERSMITH. SUCCESSOR TO J. CARTER. ESTABLISHED 100 YEARS. 29, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. MESSRS. ALFRED OWEN AND CO., have received instructions to SELL BY AUCTION WITHOUT RESERVE. IN THE PREMISES AS ABOVE THIS DAY AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT 3 AND 7 P.M., THE WHOLE OF THE STOCK-IN-TRADE, COMPRISING JEWELLERY, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, SOLID SILVER AND SILVER- PLATED GOODS, TABLE CUTLERY, CLOCKS AND BRONZES. THE FIXTU4ES &FITTINGS, Comprising Show and Counter Cases and Safes are for disposal. For further particulars apply to THE AUCTIONEERS on the premises, or particulars, Offices, 63, Wellington St. West, Manchester. E. A. W. WRAGG, ESQ SOLICITOR, 14, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
INontp

MONEY UNDBIL WILLS or DBEDS.—Persons entitled to Cash or Property at death of others or to Life Incomes can Borrow at Bank Rate, or Sell. Advice free.— Messrs. McVirrus, 34, Moortields, Liverpool.

310NEY LENT DAILY, £5 To £l,OOO Full particulars given on application. LOAN £5 REIPAYES 12 6 £2O REPAY £22 10 LOAN £10;lilIPAY £ll 5 I £3O REPAY £3.3 15 W. JACKSON, 36 CILOSFIRLD ST., WARRINGTON.

NO FEES! NO FINES! NO PUBLICITY ! ! 143 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY, in dr STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable Hous.holders. Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit. without ureties or bondsmen, "on simple promissory Rote only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo at., Sankey It., Warrington ; also at ID, Greenwood it., Altrincham. Head Office, 329, Waterloo rd., PI ancheater. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

.car-' TO £5.000 LENT DAILY .4.,a Loy/138r I rIN lIIIOLAND. £5 loan, Repay Es. weekly. £25 loan, Rep:sy 10s. weekly £lO „ „ 41. „ £3) „ „ 1?s. „ £l5 „ „ 6s. „ £5O „ „ 20s. „ £23 „ „ Bs. „ £lOO „ „ 355. „ No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attentlorsi :applicants from this district. ;

IIiTBRI33!

METROPOLITAN LOAN Sc. DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., Id&NCHRSTRB ; and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradbley'a Clothing Shop), NORTH WICH,

65 BOLI4TON RD. (corner of ChIIIM St.), ORB WE, 8, TRRNTIIAbi tir., RUSOORN.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATB STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY BOTH PAR TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATH OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHER INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLIJT CCI OBSERVED. &nue,. r 3 RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENVICH IRRhsPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative wIII call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. lMy fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

===== 0002601_19081114_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. ble Householders, on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS. WIDNES. FOOT 07 THE CENTRAL EITATION. MANAGER JOHN B. GOODWIN. LB.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

0 TO AN Y PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CREDIT -rl,OOOl can have money on note of hand only 04TERMS at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan without the usual loan office COMPETIIION• routine and without fees. Our Motto is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Loss,, can be raid as follows or otherwise. £3 loan Is. weekly £lO bay 2s. 6d. weekly £5 „ Is. 6d. „ £2O .. ss. £5O 12e 6d. ..91 • £7 „ 2s. •

The ab.:;;,e terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Bal.ting loans paid off and Increased. Call or %vete IdAURIUR & Co., Mica C. COTTRRILL tifiGEßEas), 31, CAIRO STRIIRT, WARRINGTON. LB.—PRIVACY G CA RANT HIM.

PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS - 2, THYNNE STRBIa, WARRINGTON.

ADVANCED - PftiVATELY on day of J application at a lower rate of Interest and repayment than an other office in town, and at the fallowing easy repayments : £5 Loan ls. 6d. Weekly I £2O Loan Si. Od. Weekly RIO Loan... 38.0d. Weekly £5O Loan 13s. 6d. Weekly THIS IS GIINUIEN Larger sums in same proportion. Other terms can be mutually arranged. Special terms to farmers and shop keepere. Distance no object. Apply in coati tenoe personally, or by letter, to the Actual Lender. J. LORD, 2, THYNNIC STRBiST, off Parker street (near Bank Quay Station). WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
A'lebtral

"DILE°, don't fuffer, ease and comfort P.O. 6d.—TAYLOR, 1 3, Regent rd., Manchester.

XTO MOllll Meumatie ['aim 8 days new treatment 2s. 83. 11 free.— HATTcned DRUG Co., Leyton.

MPH suffering nervous dm lity, send 5 it imp for tre —WARNER. 77, King it., Raineigate.

ECZEMA.—Certatn Cure, Cox, li., post free.—PROFEMOR CAMERON-001113,r, 85, Le% rd., Kidderminster.

lIHRUINI&TISM Banelled.—Metal beaters, pair 32., post free, genalne.-47 00NaTANCE RD., Bast Duiwin.

D 1?. EHILOH'S Consumption Cure ; eu-e Chest Diseases ; le. 3d. free.—FieLireos, Chemist, Stockton-on-Tee..

11InitiMATIE,M, SClATlClA.—lnfailible recipe by late Physician, Td., casts 6d.—WHIIF, 2, Rishlck rd., NewhAven.

SKIN COMPLalliT4,—Use Onona Borsch, Soap The finest produced. 5 tablets for Is. post paid.—Wfors Co.. 95, Napier rd., Tottenham. N,

F RUBBING eases plan rubbing with Family Liniment will cure It; price including postage, 19.—MAcDasuin GREEN & BON, Button-at-Hone, Kent.

SL IMPLE SSN PS CIJItIiD Without Dru.te, by wearing Insomnia Sochi; Bend for trial gooks an 4 instructions.— P.o.ls.,erossed to PROGRESS 00.,50, Oabourne rd.,Blackpool.

et, r-g 1.114 Beat Book I have ever read." writes a ratarled lady " and I with I had seen it years ago." The illus. trated medial hook aunt post free from A. BECKETT, 11,, Gastlon rd. Irammersraith

WHOOPING COUGH cured at last by " Whoopine," a physician's remedy need by him in his practice for the (mit 5 years with unfailing success, crick, safe and certain. Poet free le. 10d. from CARR, Chemist, Normanton.

QTRHILB MARHIAGR.—Its causes nd curative treat, ment. By a late l'enior Phyllelan to a Hotpltal for Women. A nrvr eittion just published Poet free 3s. 9.3.—Savr.a.sr & Co., LTD.. 38 Grecenhurch, st. London

(10()DING.3 HEALING SALVE will heal ell kinds Of " !ores and ',tonne's ;no matter what their nature , not yet been known to fail in any cue. Prioe6rl. box (P.O ) 'of GOODING, 14, Aldine et., bbepherd'a Bnih, London, W. Postage ld. extra.

WHEN THIJ DOUTOtt OWES YOU UP we can cure Y Sou, Paralysis, Rheumatism, Gout, Gravel. Stone ; also Reursathenia, Melancholia, Mental Rxhanstion, etc., successfully treated. Free booklet.—iliTHßoPoPHlL REMEDIES Co., 118, Chancery lane, London.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 1.1 - 1 . - 4-

===== 0002601_19081114_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Vindictive Wills.—The vicissitudes of matrimony are frequently reflected invindictive wills. Sometimes it is merely a piece of biting sarcasm, that accompanies a substantial bequest. A short of parting shot but not a legacy of iil.will. That, however, can hardly be said of the will, recently proved, in which the testator referred to his wife as a" perambulating human vinegar cruet." There is nothing of the emphemism about that, as there was in the action of the man who bequeathed a large fortune to a lady, as he stated in his will, out of gratitude for her refusal to marry him twenty years before. That is gilding the pill in a way which makes it easy to swallow. Sales of Wives.—The old idea that woman is man's property was recently recalled by the authentic case in Essex in which the wife had been sold by the husband to another man for £5. There are records of old wills in which the husband has bequeathed his wife to another man, and well into the nineteenth century it was commonly supposed among the ignorant that a sale of a wife was legal, provided that the price was more than one and the woman was delivered to her purchaser with a%alter round her neck. According to contemporary accounts, the woman was seldom an unwilling party to the bargain. The French used to refer to this custom in speaking disparagingly of us as a people, but the Napoleonic wars had most to do with gaining us the credit of being a nation of wife-sellers. Soldiers returning home after a long absence found that their wives had been pei-suaded they were dead and bad married again. More often than not, the affair was settled by a money payment, and so frequent were these occurrences that whenever possible, the authorities shut their eye; to the proceedings. Wintering in Switzerland.—Of recent years Switzer- land has become very popular as a winter resort for leisured people. The season extends from the middle of December to the early part of February, the climate being of the dry cold bracing de-cription, the air like champagne, and the pri icipal amusements being skating, ski-ing, and tobaganning. It is not necessarily I expensive, and one can live at the chief hotels in a place like Grindlewald for n or 15 francs a day, or even less. As the Arab says "he that drinks of the waters of the Nile will return again," and those who have spent one winter holiday in Switzerland generally speak enthusiastically about it, and want another. Nothing special is required in the way of clothing. In the ordinary way, the usual winter costumes of tweed 1 or serge, such as we wear at home are all that are : wanted. A knitted coat, and an extra short skirt or ; two, should be taken for skating, and in fact the ordinary winter golfing suit is an ideal costume for a 1 sporting holiday of this kind. A big, easy fitting warm ' tweed coat, is of course indispensable, but although it , is cold weather, it is the sort that never feels cold, and nothing heavier or warmer than we are accustomed to at home is necessary. A healthy Exercise.—Fencing finds many advocates ' nowadays, but unfortunately, it is one of the most expensive forms of exercise. Still much may be

===== 0002601_19081114_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR FOR McDOUGALL'S Patelit -SELF—RAISING FLOUR The Examiner Saturday, November 14, 1908 WOMAN'S REALM. DO YOU FEAR THE WINTER? ______ TEMPERANCE SUNDAY.

amomplished without the costly lessons from an expert. The windows of the room in which a woman practises, should be thrown open to admit plenty of fresh air, then with a long flexible foil, she should endeavour to touch the same spot in a target. In this—the attack, the weight is thrown upon the right foot, while the balancing is accomplished with the left arm, the head is erect, the shoulders straight. It is claimed that this position decreases the size of the waist and hips—an item worth noting by lovers of the Direotoire mode— that it develops the arm and wrist, and all the muscles of the back. Aids to Beauty.—One would think that the periodical exposure of so-called "beauty doctors," without any special qualifications is ever increasing, and the business as far as they are concerned is usually a flourishing one. There are legitimate aids to beauty, by which one may seek to give a softness to the skin, clearness to the complexion, and a gleam to the hair, but when it comes to injecting colouring matter under the skin, the plumping out of cheeks by injecting paraffin wax, and the use of chemicals and instruments, there are grave risks that the ultimate result will be a face hope- lessly marred and disfigured. The sufferer as a rule, does not care to take any steps which would show her up as having been victimised, but now and again a case comes into Court, as happened the other day when substantial damages were recovered, against a " face specialist." Muffs.—The epidemic of freak fashions has extended to muffs, which are preposterously huge, and of the fiat, limp order, suggestive of the "tea cosy." Many are adorned with masks and tails, the furs most in favour being fox, skunk, and ermine. No doubt motoring has set the fashion for huge muffs, and for this purpose they might almost be called muff-rugs. Some have an extra big flaps, which can be unfastened and spread over the knees, whilst they are so wide that the arms as well as the hands can be tucked into them, They are all very well for winter motoring, but or shopping the huge muff is a bit of a nuisance, and for ordinary purposes those of only moderate dimensions are more convenient. Unsuitable Modes.—The very wide flat hat is being enthusiastically taken up by the masses" which means a prompt disappearance of this form of headgear among well-dressed women. Motor omnibuses, tram-cars, and railway carriages, are full of these wide flat bats, and it is often amusing to watch the wearers' endeavours to steer clear of their fellow passengers, and their disgust when somebody else's brims work havoc with their own. Thus, once again, the fact is brought fully before us, that modes suitable for the wealthy are often extremely unsuitable for women who have to crowd together and travel in public vehieles' but all this seems to be little taken to heart by working !girls and women. About Yokes.—The passing of the white ard cream yokes is to be deplored, as few fashions have proved more generally becoming. Of course when the bodice happens to be white or cream, the lace, embroidery, net, etc., that forms the yoke, matches, but otherwise the yoke takes the same hue as the fabric of which the blouse is made, the only relief being that afforded by the white neck frill. Fragile-looking Jewellery.—The engagement ring most sought after this season is the circlet of small diamonds, the half-hoop of large stones being less seen than formerly, and massive ornaments are deemed bad taste. Jewellery, generally speaking, is of the fragile order, a state of affairs calculated to delight the artistic community. Toyland.—The toy bazaars promise a more tempting display than ever this coming festive season. Every year we have toys of greater variety and ingenuity, made to suit all pur,--es,and in this respec t the little folks of the pre=ent day are much more fortunate than were those of former generations. It is true that the doll, the doll's house, the Jack-in-the-box, the drum, and the wooden horse, all retain their old favour, and appear year after year with minor changes, but in addition we have greater delights and wonders offered us in an infinite variety of ingenious mechanical toys. A feature this season will be the imitation flying machine, of which we shall see all sorts and hinds. The suffragists are also turned to account, and are presented arguing with a Cabinet Minister in the witness-box. Flip-flaps and spiral railways are amongst the mechanical toys, while dancing pigs andThears, gobbling or walking birds, and animals' all with something to do, or with a "speaking part," figure amongst the allurements and temptations presented at the toy bazaars on every side. MADGE.

Those of our readers who are suffering from any of the ills arising from Anemia (Bloodlessness), should communicate with Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London. All letters receive immediate attention.

Watchman Dies at His Post.

At the Police Station on Monday Er. F. A. Jones deputy coroner, held an inquest concerning the death of George Worthington (60), a night watchman, employed by Mr. William Cameron, general galvanizer, Mottram's-yard, Scotland-road.—Joseph Miller, 10, Mitchell-street, Stockton Heath, said be was also employed at the same works, and at ten minutes to six o'clock on Saturday morning he found the deceased lying on his stomach in the yard. Both his hands were clenched, and when he examined the body he found that life was extinct.— Dr. Smith said there was no maths of violence on the -body. Death was due to failure of the heart's action due to congestion of the lungs. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

A VERY SMART BLOUSE.

Pictured in our illustration ie a particu- larly smart and attractive blouee, just the thing for dreesy afternoon weir. The original, which came from a very famous French house, was carried out in cr,shinere-dereoie of a lovely shade of kingfeher blue. Of course the accompanying skirt, which was of fine cloth, exactly matched it in colour. The blouse was cut with very little superfluous ful- new, the front fitting quite smoothly acroes the bust, and having the merest suspicion of fulness and pouch at the waist. Right in the middle of the pinafore-shaped front was in- serted a little pointed piece of embroidery, worked in ehadee of kingfisher blue, dull soft rose, and faint dead green, mingled with a little tarnished gold upon a ground of ivory silk. A seam ran from shoulder to waist on either side Of the front, and was decorated

„,,e4'• ,- - ~/trl-, / ,// ;-,./pf , ,:t. , ._,„,.. „...r, , ~ ~ -- ii : -- - ,e '74' , II 1/11 v i 1 4” - ii prilA ill H I / 1 I / 1 vv:

I // 'lt 'i "

with tiny buttons set very C 10603 together. The Eleev ea were cut in one with the bodice, were tight-fitting, o.ncl were split from shoulder to wrist, the edges being finished with a row of buttons to match the front. Inside the open- ing came a band of closely-tucked ivory Ilrussele net, the dainty guimpe and neck- band being carried out in the same material.

• "

, - tk 4 fr.7-7.-tv -`)

1(4

•1

Is 1/

I /

I

(71,

/

i‘P

===== 0002601_19081114_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE VAGARIES OF TASEION.

The chief sartorial effort in life at the moment seems to be the achievement of an extremely flat back below the waist, wherever that debatable line is placed. Sans hire, sans bustle, cans everything that makes for grace- ful undulettien, we are verily a cemmunity of swayire, eaplinge. To this edict, both toilers and nadietes havereuecumbed, writes Mrs. Jack May ie the Bystander, the former proclaim- ing themselves immensely cenc.erred over the manipulation of a basque •to the approved long coat, usually An applied affair, ostensibly held in Position by clusters of buttons. Viewed squarely from the beck, the eye is not dleesed by that flat arriere aspect, whereas taken en profile there is frequently an utter lack of grace, .the hips, even in their sup- pressed condition forming a prominence by comparison with the sunk-en beck. Pondering these vagaries, cue is seriously led to won- dering whether La Mode is act, peradventure, foofing'with us, testing our powers of gulli- bility, and having got us to straining point, will ineke a volte face end enjoy a laugh at our eipense. Meanwhile, the oftentime valu- able male testimony as to what 'conetitutes elegance is waved away with scorn. Woman is entirely emancipated where dress is con- cerned, and with few exceptione entirely in- different as to Whether she courts approval or the reverse at the hands of her men appen- dages. And men, taken en bloc, are securing much amusement at our expense. • THE LATEST SKIRT.

Our sketch illustrates the very latest thing in Skirts. It is a perfectly new model, haing from Paris, and promises to be one cf the most popular and fashionalle models for walking wear during th 2 coming winter sea- son. This skirt is really a circular affair, with a seam down the middle of the back and a panel inserted down the front. This panel, you will observe,- has the edges of the skirt turned over it on each side, and decorated

with a row of rather large buttons, each button being furnished with a large buttonhole or a loop of cord or satin tubing. But the feature of the skirt is the high top, which is cut to come well above the waist in regular corselet style. The front It 3 prolonged into a , little point that riees above the level of the, rest of the skirt, and is intended to hook neatly on to the blouse or corkage with which the skirt is worn. THE EVENING SCARF: ' The scarf as worn in the daytime has had one success to 9C9 failures, declares a Globs writer. Chosen haphazard, chiefly from ad-; miration of its colour without consideration of its effect upon the complexion of the wearer; usually badly worn, it was difficult for it to avoid being a failure. Now, however, the floating scarf for outdoor wear is hardly in season. Those for evening are often beau- tiful. For instance a white Chantilly bor- dered with a narrow ruching of turquoise chiffon; a cream-coloured gauze edged with a line of skunk or sable; a rippled pale green silk crepe finished with a hemstitch; a pale sea-pink silk muslin edged with soft brown silk; a grey-blue painted in green and blue and pale mauve flowers; a pure white chiffon edged with fine black lace. Lovely is a scarf, some three yards long, in silk Maltese dyed to a delicious tea-tint and, lined with palest rose China silk. Those who admire jewelled lace would like a scarf in finest imi- tation Venice point all a-glitter with rubies, emeralds, and diamonds, none of which have erer seen a mine. TO-DAY'S RECIPE.'

GIBLET PlE.—Take two sets of giblets nicely clenned,.put all but the liver into a saucepan, with two quarts of water, twenty corns of whole pepper, three blades of mace, a bundle of sweet herbs, and a large onion. Cover them close, let them stew very softly till they are quite tender. Have a Food crust ready, line the inside of the dish with it; lay a fine rump-steak at the bottom, seasoned with pepper and salt; then lay in the gimlets 'with the liver. Strain the liquor in which the giblets were stewed, season with salt, pour it into the pie. Co-:er with a top mut, arid .bate for one hour and a-hell,

THE NEW BEE 17 Prepared " solely from Beet and Vegetable. Makes delicious rich gravies or a cup of strong Beef Tea for a ...penpy, - Ask your . grocer. •

' 1 a- v IlliYilliiiiii 11111111 : f.'lf/' \ / / / i • ifilit '''' '',\ \\\ I,:ii! / ' ‘v ,

===== 0002601_19081114_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
PEPS FOR COUGHS AND COLDS.

If you are among the many who have good cause, from sad experience, to fear the shortening days, the approach of winter, the chilly nights, broken weather, keen winds, fog, rain, frost and storm, now is tilt, time to arm yourself with a genuine remedy for throat and chest troubles.

_ There are two great Causes to which all chest and throat troubles are traceable. First, infections epidemics, spread by germs, to which all are more or less subject; and second, weakness of the throat and chest, due to some neglected or wrongly treated trouble in former seasons.

The only sensible way to fight the first of these evils - the risk of catching infectious colds, influenza, or contagious throat trouble -is to keep Peps always at hand in the home, as the only reliable and certain safeguard which is free from nerve-destroying drugs and habit-forming narcotics. All germ-carried diseases are breathed into the body,inhaled through the nostrils and throat into the lungs and so absorbed into the blood. The germ-killing fumes of Peps are also breathed into the throat and lungs in the same way. The disme is thus attacked and conquered by Peps along its own line of assault. Other medicines conveyed to the blood through the stomach -like liquid cough-mixtures -only begin their feeble attack on the disease when the mischief is already done, when the germs have invaded the blood and infected the whole body, and then it is too late. Whenever a change in the weather, or any indiscreet or unavoidable exposure to chills, draughts, night air, or sudden change of temperature, threaten a return of old throat or chest troubles, a few Peps tablets slowly dissolved in the month will fill the lungs with their healing and balsamic essences. As these wonder- ful medicinal fumes are breathed into every corner of our lungs and chest, the delicate tissues are gently stimulatedinto glowing natural action, repelling chill, softening accumulated phlegm, loosening the tight- ness" of the breathing passages, and toning up the weak spots. Of all the thousand and one" remedies" so vainly used for coughs, colds, bronchitis, asthma, influenza, croup, wheeziness, tightness, tieklina cough, night cough, spasmodic cough, barking, hawking, hoarseness, ' sore throat huskiness, loss of voice, stiff ness in the chest, no medicine has achieved such universal success as Peps. . . .

_ Delicate children, racked with terrible coughs (and -only anxious mothers know how pitifully the children suffer from such evils), get the great benefit from the soothing influences of Peps. Old folks, whose days and nights are one long torture from chronic deep- seated bronchial evils, find peace comfort, and cure in Peps. Striving workers, handicapped in life's battle by violent coughs and other chest and throat troubles caused by breathing foul odours and irritating dust at their work, fiud in Peps a sure ally. Peps will cost you Is. lid. a box, or 2s. 9d. for a big family supply containing three times as many tablets. If your chemist is temporarily out of stock, don't be tempted with cheap substitutes, but write to the Peps Co. Carlton Hill, Leeds, who will supply post free at the same prices. •

===== 0002601_19081114_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PAIR HALL.

Grand Scottish Concert.

At the instance of the Warrington Caledonian Association a concert, in which the principal vocalists were pretty well all Scotch and the music mostly so, was given on Monday evening in Parr Hall to a large audience. The items in the first part of the programme were of a somewhat melancholy character and gave to the concert an unnecessarily serious tone which threatened to develop into dulness, but the cloud was happily dispelled as the evening wore on. Miss Jessie Mc Lachlan, announced as "The Queen of Scottish Song," fairly demonstrated her right to the title. The possessor of a bright soprano voice, well under control, she sang with a dramatic fervour and an intensity of feeling "The Auld Scotch Sangs," (Bethune)" We re a hundred pipers sea" and two other kindred things in the original Gaelic, in a manner which, literally thialed the audience. It seemed quite in the na'ule of things that, not being included in the programme, we should have " Coming thro' therm " as an encore for the soprano, just as we bad Annie Laurie " after the recall of the baritone. But MissllcLachlan's rendeting of " Gin a 'body meet a body " was so clever a mixture of the piquant, the demure, and the ; blithesome, that the thing was quite refreshing in its newness, and it is seldom a well worn favourite was so much enjoyed. The contralto vocalist Madame Marion Christie sang. " Braw, braw lads " and Roekell's well-known Angus Macdonald " with a ' full firm and resonant tone and that conscientious ' grasp of the spirit of these songs which marks the true artiste, and which called forth the warmest ; plaudits. Mr. George Neil, the tenor, was not altogether successful either in his scotch billads or in his interpretation of such a quite ordinary English sentimental song as Stephen Adams's "Maid of Malabar." In the upper reaches his voice is some- what hard and unsympathetic and when he is not disconcei tingly violent in his tone gradations and marks of expression he so far falls short of realislng any real depth of feeling as to border on flippancy. Yet, curiously enough, Mr. Neil was most felicitously paired with Miss McLachlan in the duet "The crooket bawbee" which proved a veritable comedy in minia-; ture,so full was it'of incident and by-play. The thing was hugely enjoyed and caused quite an outburst of enthusiasm. The baritone Mr. Robert Burnett proved himself a most capable singer. In the contrasted and coupled songs "The Sands o' Dee" (Clay) and "Marching along" (M. V. White) one had ample proof of his versatility and his deep insight into the aitistic possibilities of such compositions. Rarely have we heard the def.p pathos of the first mentioned song so tellingly brought out. Mr. Theo. Crozier, a young violinist who is rapidly winning renown, played Sarasate's " Zigeunerweisen ' and the Romance from Wieniawski's second concerto in a manner which holds cut the most encouraging promises for his future. His style has both breadth, animation and soulfulness,and his technique is in many respects admirable. But while his habits ate yet in a state of youthful plasticity it would he well for Mr. Crozier to guard against the particular one of throwing himself about in a distracting manner during the performance of his solos. It should be mentioned that Mr. Crozier was ably backed up at the piano by Mr. W. H. Payton Mus. Bac. Some humorous sketches of more that ordinary interest by Mr. Craighall Sherry gave variety to the evening's entertainment.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TWENTY YEARS AFTER.

Public opinion is proverbially short-lived. The topic which is on everyone's lips to-day will be unheard of in a few months hence. We live in an age of kaleidoscopic changes. When, however, the public has found something of resl import, which has proved an invaluable aid in the hundred minor aspects of daily life, such things are cherished and passed from family to family with the greatest regard. It is now over twenty years since Dr. Sloan's Liniment was first pla"ced on the market, and there are thcmsands of people to-day who have used it for years and whose opinion of its great merits remains unchanged. The superiority of Sloan's over other liniments lies in the fact that it is particularly penetrating, and, without requiring to be rubbed in, kills pain at once. For bruises, burns, sprains, stiffness, aches, rheumatism, toothache, or sores, nothing has ever been found to equal it. Read what Mr. J. Howard, 123, Moorhey-street, Glodwick, o!dharn, save: "I am very pleased to inform you of the great benefit I have derived from the use of Dr. Sloan's Liniment for neuralgia, aud also for sprains. I have tried many kinls of remedies for neuralgia, but Dr. Sloan's Liniment is by far the most powerful and quick in action of any I know." Write for Dr. Sloan's Book, which tells you how ,to act in emergencies. Free from the distributing Depot, 22, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
TARING MATCHES INTO A COAL_ MINE.

James Sephton, a young man was charged at the St Helens County Sessions, on Tuesday, with taking matches into the workings of the Rainford Collieriea. Sephton admitted the offence, and said he had to Et some distance to the colliery on his bicycle, end tr. took the matches in order to light his lamp. E 6 forgot to leave them at the top of the r:t. hatch commented on the serious nature of tie tler.ce, and the fact that it might lead to sericLa aa ot life. Sefton WAS fined 10s. and 7s. costs.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BAND OF HOPE MEETING AT THE PARR HALL.

Licensing Bill Supported.

Sunday last was observed as Temperance Sunday at several places of worship in Warrington and the War- rington Band of Hope Union held a public meeting in the Parr Hall in the evening. There was a good attendance, Mrs. James Dodds (president of the Union) presiding. The principal speakers were :—Mr. Alex. Thompson, of Manchester, and Mr. E. Boreland, of Liverpool (both of the United Kingdom Alliance) and amongst others on the platform were :—the Revs. J. B. Buglass, F. Vaughan, R. E. Letheren and J. L. Milne, Mrs. Simpson, itlessrs. E. J. Guest, J. Griffiths, J. Wardmao, G. Leach, W. FL Sherburn J. Jarman, S. Fernley, C. S. Fellows, G. Whitfield, Mr. and Mrs. Whitmore, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Owen, Mr. F. Gandy (hon. secretary of the Uuion) and Mr. H. Woolley (hon. assistant secretary.) The PRESIDENT said she was yelp, glad to think the people were taking such a strong interest in the Bands of Hope. It was her privilege to attend that unique and magnificent meeting in the Free Trade Hall, 1 Manchester, some weeks ago and as she listened to first 1 one splendid speaker and then another and heard them declare that they were "Baud of Hope boys" yet, she felt that if the Band of Hope Union had done nothing more than send a band of men like that into the world, it had instilled its existence. (Applause.) Mr. E. BORELAND said that this was a great age to I live in. These were fine times for temperance fanatics. (Laughter.) They had been living up in the air since February last and to-day they stood face to face with one of the biggest problems this country had ever had to solve and they were on the way to solving it. (Applause.) He thought he was justified in saying that they owed the present position of the temperance movement to the work done in the Bands of Hope during the past sixty years. The children were coming into their kingdom at list, and none too soon. (Applause.) He heard Jelin Morley say some years ago that the greatest interest this country had was peace, and he believed the greatest asset the country had to-day was the child life of the nation. If they could only bring up the children in the way they ought to go—and they were doing that wonderfully well in connection with Band of Hope work—the future generations of England would be more sober, more godly, more Christ-like than the country was to-day. They owed the present posi- tion of the temperance movement largely to the chil- dren. He believed they would not have had 'a Licensing Bill this year if it had hot been for the interest the people took in the child life of the nation, and the teaching which had been given in the Bands of Hope in years gone by. Now that teaching was being crystallized into action, and the conscience of the nation was speak- ing out, demanding that Acts of Parliament should be passed making it easier for the people to do right and more difficult for them to do wrong. Had they made much progress during tha last fifty or sixty years? They bad, and it was not necessary to appeal to their friends only to prove it. They could appeal to the enemy. in a recent issue of" The Licensing World " there appeared an article criticising the annual report of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the year ended 31st March, 1908. That report gave wonderful figures and from a temperance paint of view was in every way satisfactory—in fact, "The Licensing World" said the figures pointed to the fact that we were teedOming a more sober nation. We were ; there was no doubt about that. (Applause.) In the year 1399- :900 we consumed 32 gallons of beer per head of the population ; now we conserned 27.63 gallons—nearly 41 gallons per head less. (Applause.) Eight years ago we drank nearly two gallons of spirits per head of the population ; now we consumed less than one gallon per head. It was often said that closing public-houses did not mean a reduction in the consumption of drink or in tbe volume of drunken- ness. In the ten years ending 1907 no fewer than i 16,000 liquor shops were .closed n the United Kingdom and he claimed that the figures he had just quoted were an evidence of cause and effect. What would England and Wales be at the end of fourteen years from now, when another 32,000 public-houses had gone where they , ought to have been long since? (Applause.) The fact that the conditions had so improved and that the people were asking for the passing raf a Licensing Bill was an evidence of the improved conscience of the people. (Applause.) In the city of Liverpool over GOO puhligs houses had been closed in seventeen years. The year , before the reduction began there were 14,000 convic- tions for drunkenness. Twelve years later, when they , had closed 339 liquor shops, the convictions went down to about 5,000. He admitted they had gone up since, but that was not because the public-houses were closed but because of the 1902 Act authorising policemen to arrest for simple drunkenness in a public place, as they had never done before. Besides, the population of Liverpool to-day was well nigh double what it was twenty years ago. Mr. Arthur Chamberlain told them that the Birmingham magistrates paid special attention to four districts and diminished the number of pnblic- houses in them from 115 to 54. In the same districts the convictions for drunkenness went down by 32 per cent. In 1902 an Act was passed forbidding the grant- ing of any new licences in Ireland for five years. The result vas that 1400 old licences had died a natural death and there were 14,000 fewer convictions for drunkenness. The cost of prisons in Ireland had also been reduced in the same period by the handsome sum of £9,000 a year. The experience was the same every- where. Public-houses were places of temptation to some people and when they removed the temptation they diminished the number of 'people who fell and necessarily diminished the volume of drunkenness and carried on a glorious work on behalf of sobriety, morality and prosperity. He believed the Bill now before the House of Commons would pass into law this year. (Applause.) Some of his friends talked as if the House of Lords would throw it out, but ha was of a different opinion. He did not forget that the House of Lords passed in 1853 the Scottish Sunday Closing Act ; in 1,572 they passed the hest licensing law on the. statute book of England—the 1 •vv under which we carried on the trade at the present time ; in 1878 they tattooed the Trish Sunday Closing Act ; in 1881, the Welsh Sunday Closing Act ; in 1901 the Children's Act; in 1902, the Act giving the magistrates greater control over licensed premises; in 1901 an Act laying down two good principles, with many bad ones,—that wherever compensation was eiven to the trade, the trade should find the cash and that with regard to new licences the monopoly should go to the State. He did not forget that the previous Thursday evening there passed through the committee of the House of Lords another Children's Charter for the protection of children from , many another evil. Looking at the House of Lords with ; all that history behind them,he could not help believing that they were still human beings—some of them very human--(laughter)—and that we would get greater good from them by patting them on the hack and acknowledging that they were not bad fellows after all then we would by doing the opposite. Mr. Bore- land advised the presenting of petitions to the House of Lords and also suggested that every Conservative ten)perance man should write to Lord Lensdowne some- thing like this : "My lord. I have been a Tory all my life. lam also a strong temperance man. I want this Licensing Bill to pass and if you don't let it pass, I will never vote Tory again." (Laughter end applause.) Mr. ALEX THOMPSON said they were fighting this battle for the sake of their country. It was because they loved their land that they were carrying on this great warfare against a vested interest and a selfish, greedy, grasping monopoly. (Applause.) There was" need to-day of a fine, courageous, genuine love of country which would show itself not in brag and bluster but in the desire to build up a sober Christian people, men and women strong in body, clean in mind and pure in heart. That was the great work they had set them- selves to do, and until it was done they would not rest. (Applause.) Who were the two contending parties ? On the one side they had men who were fighting for their financial interest and that alone; on the other they had men who were fighting for the interests of the country as a whole, and for the progress of the Kingdom of God. The one great reason why they supported the Government Licensing Bill was not because it was a party measure, but because it was a great patriotic endeavour to free the nation from the domination of drink. (Applause.) There was one clause of the Bill which should rejoice the hearts of all lovers of their country, and especially of those who recognized the importance of child life—the clause which provided that in future no child under fourteen years of age should be allowed within the drinking bars of our public-houses. (Applause.) That was a most important and vital thinz. They saw for the first time in its history the nation had declared though the House of Commons that the, public-house was not a safe place for the childhood of our land. It was high time such a declaration was made. They knew the revelations which George R. Sin made on that very point with regard to the public-hoases in London—the horrible and hideous descriptic Ls, be gave of many of the low public- houses. Women crowded into them; men smoked until the atmosphere was thick with tobacco; little children were bronght there and kept for hours in the vitiated atmosphere and then taken into the cold night air with little clothing on. Some mothers actually gave their infants gin. The whole country was shocked by those terr;btc sevslations, and, what was done in London was dose to i,gnate r or less extent in all our towns and great cities. At the request of the Home Office twenty- foci public-houses in Manchester were watched fc,r 96 hours and during that time nearly 5,000 -children under the age of fourteen went; into them. It was time something was done to stop that. (Applause.) When parents would not do their duty the State must step in and protect the children. (Applause) Tn 1906 over 40,000 cases were dealt with by the N,S.P.C.O , involving a very much larger number of children, and Mr. Parr, a director of the Society, stated that 90 per cent, of those cases were due to drink. There could be no greater argument why they should fight until this national degradation was removed, until the terrible foe of dsink was conquered, than the suffer- ing of thousands of little children. They must strive to inculcate temperance principles in the rising genera.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
trA. tSociety Lady's aperience 1* 1 tttfy at ourt

FEARED SHE WOULD FAINT. Her state of Acute Antemia cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Every gentlewoman in Society regards the occasion of her attending at Court as one of the most pleasurable yet, nerve- racking occasions in her career. An interesting description of the ordeal was kindly given by Miss THERESA SIISItIDIN recently, when she referred to her attendance at Court. Miss Sheridan is well-known as the daughter of the late Henry Brinsley Sheridan, M.P. for Dudley for many years, whose name is revered by all smokers, he being instru- mental in securing the privilege they now enjoy smoking compartments on all railway trains. When sins kindly granted an inter- view to a London journaliat at her residence, Welbeck Court, Kensington, Miss Sheridan presented a perfect type of the healthy handsome, English lady of society, but it was quickly made apparent by her remarks that for some time until lately her health had caused her and the members of her family serious misgivings, Miss Sheridan's opening words were significant. "flow I succeeded in not fainting when I went to Court I hardly know now. A somewhat severe attack of Influenza," she mentioned, " had left me very weak and nervous. I began to have the most depressing feelings of lassitude, so that I, who had previously been of most active habits, felt unable to fulfil even ordinary engagements. Persistent headaches completely pros- trated me. Of course, I consulted medical specialists, and then learnt to my dismay that I was suffering from Anaemia. _ _

"I fear I cannot describe to you the various stages of Anmmia through which I passed. My social obligations had to be neglected, for I felt so depressed and melancholy that I could take no interest in matters of even pressing urgency. My strength entirely failed, and the slightest exertion caused me to collapse through exhaustion. My nerves were so affected that at the time when I went to Ccurt I was terribly depressed and physically ill. As the best medical treatment seemed unable to help me I went to the Riviera for some time. One would naturally expect even the most afflicted anwtnic to recover in such genial surroundings. But such was not the case. Medical attendants did their best for me ; still I could trace no improve- ment. The headaches continued and the weariness and exhaustion never left me, while I lost all my usual colour end complexion. I returned to London ill and unhappy. "Some time after this, while glancing through a periodical I read about Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and resolved to try them, as they appeared to be so generally recommended for Anmrnia. I obtained some and within a little

* * *

MISS THERESA SHERIDAN, in her Court Dress. (From a phot4

time I undoubtedly felt somewhat stronger. As I continued with these pills, the headaches became less severe and I lost that sense of lassitude and weari- ness. I was able to take an active interest in matters of passing and personal interest. "Of °curse my recovery was not 'instantaneous'; my health had been so impaired that this could neither be expected nor hoped for. But the progress was sure, and to my mind not even slow under the circumstances. By persevering with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills my health was complately restored. My colour and complexion have returned and once more I find an interest in life. It will at all times give me pleasure to recommend Dr. Williams' Pink Pills."

'ln all classes of society Dr. Williams' Pink Pills find favour because they contain just the elements that make Good, New Blood, and Sound Nerves. That is why they cure so frequently Anmmia, Indigestion, General Weakness, Heart Palpitations, Fainting Fits, Headaches, Neuralgia, -Eczema and Skin Disorders. Sold by all dealers, but remember to look for full name on every package, "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People." Also sent direct by Dr. Williams' Medicine Co, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, post free, 2s. 9d. for one box, 13s. 9d. for six. The pills that CURE are

. . . , ..-14-#o:!_."` 2-.2. ),‘ •., .....ts, 1 • **4 , ) ' . e---' "*. _ll\-!,,, ~ 10 ' i , -,‘,: • ----, , t.:., 4 1 9 '. ,Ve- , - :W: ,- -, ~ i-,.:172' '''' • r IK . r,.. 4 , I,liiis.,,,if>„,.:T=:,, t '''''W-‘4W :6,4;': ' \ ,----"•' , : • ..c, t...-4.,.., ;3y!,4 '' Ar -,/,,, • ,-„,:—., .0 . • /„ 4 19r4.-r ~ . . ~- „ . 4,?%,,'/ ~,s-'.„•,,, . fe, .II cili '• ty;;;,,,..› fi';'/' ....t i.i.'' •': 7P::* lit '''l.4'%4e.-: ',,' ." .: •. // m' ii.c• , law-, ' ,' ..' I, .2,1(,K---: ..+Nci f• = ~, 4..-•tc,--,- ,Y,;/-4:11 •.!1.)1' f4-iv #o?"lT:lit,./ -t 1,. / (,/,,,, , - '.' ~ ''..-s'' / ,--.--,--t', -.94,1',"4A to' fr!!' 4.4, ',.Z'70.--,.i„.-51.1 4! •-, /4'e1,,. -%1-%?, •_ -7.,,-.4,2,44: : -,,, - =, :.,-, 4,4 A, •-• ....1' ~. ''l, ! i , 4; '.., ......v.- ' • ,es'e ..,ziy,,,,lce2:* N s'7.:-.."" ...-:,--..- -.0./t-e.'''C'." ''!--10;---. .-,'"..."' -' i• '''," - •C''''.9.o.r z ,r •,- 1.. i.- 41,' '''\. • _ fat'l.-----,,,,, .., ',vox_ t •----)C14,24,.. • , ------ ,

===== 0002601_19081114_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Williams' ink Pills.

tion and support all legislation which had for its aim the crippling and prohibition of the drink evil. Many people were quite willing to deal with the results of the evil. We were dealing with the results in our prisons, asylums, workhouses and orphanages. We must deal with them while they were here, but we wanted with the Voice of a trumpet to call upon the nation to deal with the cause of the degradation—the liquor traffic. (Applause). On the motion of the PRESIDENT, seconded by Mr. Gandy, a hea,rty vote of thanks was accorded to the speakers. During the evening a number of temperance hymns were well sung by the Band of Hope Union Choir. Mr. A. Spruce conducted and Mr. B. Olativorthy presided at the organ. .

===== 0002601_19081114_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, Catarrh and Blood spitting. EXTRAORDINARY CURE.

Mrs. Joel Chap-nan, Maulden Road, Flitsvick, near Ampthill, Beds., writes :—" For over twenty years I suffered dreadfully from bronchitis and asthma, which was attended with nasal catarrh and blood-spitting, and I could hardly breathe on account of the accummulation of phlegm in the air passages. "I thought I should never be any better, but one day I tried Veno's Lightning Cough Care, and .W 39 relieved after one dose, and found great comfort. I could breathe freely and naturally through the nose,the blood-spitting was at once stopped, and I got so much relief that I don't kno v how to thank you enough for what Veno' Lightning Cough Cure has dune for me." Veno's Lightning Cough Cure can ba bought for 911 is. lid., and 2s. 91. everywhere.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

FRIENDLY MATCHES. THE FIRTH V. FROGIIA.LL ALBlON.—Played on Arpley and resulted in an easy win for the visitors by 14 goals to two. A. Cotterill for the winners, played well at back, kicking with strength and judgement. Scorers for the Albion : H. Harding, ssven ; W. Hare, three; J. Marsh, one; H. Pugh, two; H. Good Win, one.

STOCKTON HEAT CHURCH LADS BR rGA DF. V. STOCKTON HEAT.—Played on the groutid of the first- named on Saturday. Result : Church Lads Brigade, three goals; ‘Stockton Heath, three goals.

G. G. Hulrae Gram. School ... 4 Warrington Or. Sch'l 1

WARRINGTON DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

For ag'st P. W. L. D. G. G. P. Lymm Earlestown St. John's 8 6 2 0 32 8 12 Rylands Whitecross Burtonwood W'gton Albions Res. Ortord Latchford Halton Burtonwood Wesleyan 5 0 4 0 3 13 0 SECOND DlvlsloN. E'town St. John's Res. 6 6 0 0 26 2 12 Burtonwood Reserve Newton Amateurs 7 5 2 0 14 7 10 Whitecross Reserve Thelwall United 7 4 3 0 16 16 8

Walker's Lymm Reserve Frodsham Brotherhood 7 1 5 1 9 19 3 *Rylands Reserve 7 2 5 0 9 12 .19 Halton Reserve 6 0 6 0 3 28 Of Two points deducted for playing an ineligible man. Matches for November 14th. Burtonwood v. Rylands. Whitecross Res. v. Earlestown St. John's Ras.

"Observer " Cup.—lst Round. Earlestown St. John's v. Frodsham Brotherhood. Prescot Athletic v. Sutton Commercial. Hayclock Albion v. Clock Face A.F.C. Lymm v. Newton-le Willows. Latchford v. Newton Amateurs. Orford v. Marston United.

Results for November 7th. Lyrnm 2, Buttonwood Wesley 0. Earlestown St. John's 3, Burtonwood 0. Whitecross 7, Halton 1. Lymm Reserves 1, Frodsham Brotherhood 0. Walkers 6, Thelwall United 0. Whitecross Reserves 4, Ilalton Reserves I. Newton Amateurs 3, Rylends Reserves 2.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Young People's Society.

At the weekly meeting of this Society held on Monday evening in bp Memorial Hall, the Rev. John Yonge presided. Mr. H. M. Ashton gave a lecture on "Mark Twain " to a large and appreciative audi- ence, At the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him on the proposition of Mr. Monks, seconded by Mr. E. S. A. Robson. During the evening Mr. F. Brown favoured the audience with a song, being accompanied on the piano by T. F. Wallington.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLETELY CURED.

SUFFERED WITH KIDNEY TROUBLE FOR TWELVE YEARS, AND CURED BY DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS.

"I had always enjoyed good health up to the time I was 21," writes Mr. A. Sampson,. 7, Jubilee Street, Bedminster, Bristol, " when I had a severe attack of Scarlet Fever, which left me with kidney trouble. I suffered from this complaint for 12 years. About three years ago Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills were brought under my notice, and I was recommended to try them.. I gave the Pills a fair trial, and I anl now completely cured. I am a bricklayer by trade, which necessitated me stooping a great deal ; this no doubt aggravated the disease ; but at the present time I am enjoying perfect health. brought about, I am certain, by Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. I recommend them to all my friends, not only for the kidneys, but also for Constipation and Indigestion. You may make what use you like of this testimonial." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills get at-the cause by cleansing the stomach, purifying the blood, and aiding the digestion and assimilation of - food, and are a positive and permanent cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Constipation, Impure Blood, and Female Ailments. Sold by Chemists and Stores, price 1/1,1 per bottle, or The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd.,. ' 21, Parringdon Avenue, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
- •

JOHN WALKER, & CO.

LITHOGRAPHERS. EGOKBINDERS. EiTATIOABES. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19081114_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1..

===== 0002601_19081114_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Important New Standing Order.

Alderman W. J. Forshaw was unanimously elected -.\raScr of Warrington for the ensuing year at the annual rneeting of the Town Council held at the Town Hall at ra,n on Monday. At the outset the retiring Mayor '(Alderman Smethurst) presided, and there were also s '.A'rsent the Deputy-Mayor (Alderman Bolton),Aldermen Bennett, I'. Burton, L. Ellison. John Evans, W. J. i)r,,shaw, W. Pierpoiut, and D. Tinnion ; Councillors g. Ashcroft, T. Barton, T. Males, J. Broadhurst, T. r antler, E. Cunnington, J. Dickenson, James Evans, 4. Ilawthorn, Dr. Joseph, F. T. Lashford, J. T. Lecker, 11 Lord, J. J. Nield' F. Peacock, W. B. Roberts, W. s°garsy J. Sankey, H. Singleton, T. S. Steel, J. Fulton- 0. Toole,J. Wilkinson and \V. .1. Wilson ; Messrs. ti,,LAVbittle (town clerk), A. T. Hallaway (deputy town (I,`,N, J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), T. Longdin 11,:r°agb surytyor), J. Deas (water engineer), W. S. ddock (gas engineer), J. M. Murray (director of 114.11 cation), F. G. Ruddock (borough analyst), Dr. J. C. el„ll),Lbe,rt (medical officer), G. F. F. White (magistrates' tia-2.11 W. S. Howard (assistant secretary and cashier at 5864 bo"as Works), and W.ll. Woodcock (assistant overseer 1,,..r0ugh collector). thouere was a good attendance of the public, among .s.._sa present being the Mayoress and the Misses trkaothurst. Mrs. For.haw and the Misses Forshaw, Mrs. ItTra.ce,, t)aaraP, Mr. Robert Pierpoint, the Rev. G. C. and riggs, and Mr. A. C. Russell.

ELECTION OF MAYOR. THE WORK BEFORE THE COUNCIL. 17.,7,11.erman RFNNETT moved :—" That William John fo-1:3,.rw, Esquire, be and he is hereby elected Mayor by 1`1(i) ensuing year, and until the acceptance of office De_ ns successor." The Alderman said : Ido so with raculhir pleasure for a personal reason. Some of you Aide remember thgt. I served my art;cles under the late tinif,rinan Joseph Davies, and that, Mr. Forshaw, at the reni.' was a leading member of his staff. I need scarcely -111,,'nd the Council that Alderman. Davies was an Old Which oat Boy, and that be had filled the highest office ritwea the Council has to give with great distinction toei °7lth much advantage to the town. Mr. Forshaw, was

abd AN OLD BLUE COAT BOY, Wilij'llll3' a time we talked together of the honours -tira_a had been achieved by Mr. Davies, and many a fonO. " I laughingly suggested that my friend would w in his footsteps, and in his turn, become the fulef Warrington. To-day the prophecy is being and with the memory of those bygone years wiutir'ng upon me, I ern doubly glad to be associated on„ .4 proposition which will, 'I am sure, command the •ntnious assent of the Council. (Applause). The ce of mayor is a very high and honourable one. 4,re is not: any higher in the town. T sometimes meet h, foolish people who attempt to belittle it, and ti:ve often ventured to remind them that in doing this tip are only belittling themselves. It is no light hg to be the chief magistrate of a county borough fzlll a history such as ours, a reputation so distinguished, 'ustries so vast and many-sided, and problems so Plex and so increasing. And I am sure that every Aj(pher of the Council will do his utmost to assist Mr. "ternian Forshaw in maintaining the dignity and U,,r3ing out the best traditions of the chair. (Applause., " Will follow in the wake of and MANY WORTHY AND DISTINGEInIIFD MEN hss: cannot refrain from reminding the Council that 2k,„lri the only solicitor who has occupied the post since to.r; William Beamont, nor can I wish him any better ich`gne. than to follow in the steps of our first Mayor, tie ivise and kindly countenance looks down con- upon our work— as eighty winters freeze with one rebuke All great self-seekers trampling on the right— Ivkinn the footsteps of the latest Mayor of all the 36, warm and genial heart and whose unfailing tact Cytii ledliness have thawed the icy.breasts of the most tlan rind won the love of every honest son and Sr of the town. (Freer. hear.) But, as Mr. tnnerrit has so aptly put it : "The past is a book to the Present how to improve the future," and in Of all the good work which has been accomplished Whißt the town received its charter,there is more to do. thin:Q3.4 tells us : "It is provided in the essence of ,ths that, from any fruition of success, no matter *Aril; !ball come forth something to make greater qai'g'e necessary " Three things especially,i hope,will th, rathe Mayor's attention. One of them comes within Iltesirl'itki competence of the committee over which he is th's..—ticte provision of more allotments. The second inapre scheme for widening 13uttermarket-street and I.Fll°„l,ing Market-gate, and the third, and in some the most important of them all, is Tog QUESTION OF THE BRIDGES. tecl4ll:° all sorry that Alderman Smethurst was not able ef the travail of his soul, and be satisfied," at 55te, by suspension bridge above the Weir, for pnNe.)rtainlY a ' worked hard enough. But the problem tairintbe faced, and faced in no half-hearted i or cheese- Ord spirit. We want a new bridge which n the ,;',,ef the resolution of the Chamber of Commerce, tr"ecluately meet the requirementslof the increasing 1, On both ro id and river. We want a bridge that Iva "e worthy of Bridge-street. (Hear, hear.) And 13.11,:iht a bridge above the Weir at Howley. I sin 1.,,-allY of opinion that it should accommodate some- lit better '',, than a string of bicycles or of perambulators. i bridge of some sort we must have, and I am not htt ll'ope that either one or both of these new kile:er May be the work of a Warrington engineer. °tear.) In these and in a hundred other matters Will claim attention, I am confident our new ertl4l. will rise to the occasion. I trust that any our late disputes will all be trampled out,

that party spirit will be wholly banished from our midst, and that both Mayor and Corporation will unite in writing large upon the annuals of the town the records of the coming years. 1u Mrs. Forshaw the new Mayor will find a splendid helpmeet, and I very cordially congratulate them both upon the honour they SO well deserve and will, I venture to predict, so fully justify. (Applause). I Alderman Tissrox seconded, and said it should have been by usage his privilege to propose the resolution, but Alderman Bennett asked him to be allowed to do so and he agreed because of the early associations to which the last speaker had alluded. Councillor Wilkin- son should have seconded,but he graciously gave way to him (Alderman Tinnion) who could go back nearly as long as Alderman Bennett could with reference to his acquaintance with the Mayor. He remembered him first as a very

===== 0002601_19081114_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
T4'll' • , .. 0 74, - • fiiP?,;(,, ^ CiSlt VI,. .w sttfriigilt,,,,, tit ril ~,!...7:-..1:. 1 ' iVe, 1...:4

Great Achievement by the Famous Balm. „i-BITIc made history in the district of St. Philips, Bristol, with the pain, and the younger ones were almost _ recently, when that place was visited by a perfect plague of continually crying because they suffered so, and eczema. Dozens of children were sent home from school daily, and could get no sleep. scarcely a family in the district could claim to have had complete "AH the ointments I tried were powerless even freedom from the disease. During the epidemic Zam-Buk proved of to check the spread of the epidemic, and I believe incalculable- value, and the case of Mrs. Thomas, whose ten children that the children wbuld still have been suffering were cured, is selected as a striking example of Zaill-Buk's sterling if it had not been a lucky circumstance that led merit. The names of the children are William (aged 20), May (18); us to try Zam-Buk. Albert (17), Alfred (16), Lavinia (15), George (13), Ernest (11). 'Gladys met with a very serious accident by burning Arthur (10), Alice (8), and Gladys (0). herself very badly. For this I bought a box of Zam-Buk, which completely healed Gladys' skin. We were so de- LO a local reporter, who was making an independent and thorough investi- lighted that Nye tried Zam-Buk for the eczema on all the ition into the facts, Mrs. Thomas, who lives at 1, Albany Place, St. Philips. children, for I now remembered having read of its ;ristol, said :—"Alfred was the first to be attacked. The eczema started in the success as a cure for this disease. The result was just as 'orm of a very thick rash all over his face and head. The sores were con- remarkable... One by one the disfig_nritig and painful sorfe hailed, and the disease dricos completely away from can chug. Linually breaking and were exceedingly painful. "The news of these wonderful Zam-Buk cures was "I exercised the greatest care to prevent the disease spreading, but one quickly spread about, and I know from many other child after another was attacked by the awful itching disease, until rray house Larn".i;uln sdidinduicsitlriot was a veritable hos7;ital and a home Qf cries and misery. The younger children stamp out the local epidemic." vere compelled to stay away from school. George, aged 13, used to faint away

'orm

Zam-Buk cures eczema, ringwor?fl. euptions, and sores, and is also recom- mended for scalds, burns, ruts, bruises, chapped hands, piles, ulcers, and bad kos. Of all chemists at 1/14. 2 '9, or 03 per box. The 416 size contains nearly twice the

- "P::.-,.-;'f• .4,..4..riti..:. ' . 5.:rv,,,,',...;•,;:.'-i.-4.i.-.. ..., . --i - 'll4.ric:',-, . ' - -4•-.-i•v, • .-,;. :;,..-n.^.••••••••04,3',41, ~<11'44;•43.,, , ;•?.t.'..: "'",- - -.. ''.l', r,1%., .5,, • :.-4 ,•'''..,',,p.i. 4"..v:: "4,,, - ~.'.. •-,:',b1::::v,..•-•L , -A,..• 1:,,,,,,,•.. 49 ~,5.".:14,•! -',,,...:.• ' •, ~ ' ••••••:•.. . 'z''... '4•7.o‘'-/' . t'''', ' k.."- ' , c., 't:•.;'!...:',C.:,....;.0! i 4 '.. ij:',..7: '. ' ~,,Af , , : ... . : ),,,..-... -- . ' • .:,;",4.•.- -' ~ ...:•. ',..',;,,,, . ',l'7.* • ..:;'... ',.:0 -.,., •.. ! - , 0.• ,!.. 1,1";*"' ../,' :',4;,.,1.1n ' '''.. ... • ' .a4.11:7(r" ,- • • re:44 't,*Vt',Y.- ..,:;.'"•:••:41:40- -,44,--''''../,'1.;.. .e ' leihNl . .., '..,:',' ..E.44—',' -. •.•,,,!-..:> ~e.- •- V •-•:. --..•-p:. tr•-•?' A'...,. •••.:fxcl• -,,1. 0,--/,--. --,,,,„ ~ _-• , ~...r..- .: ,•... e, *......0 —..mos All • .4,,'-ft .‘„,,,..., rt,„ ---14 :v.: ;•44,...i ~ --•xob4 :-..." ;i•-' " '4 ' ' , 4,;1'.-..'. ~ .• - . - ' ...i 7.7,, #;'+;..l, .:4- '., .- - . ... . . Sp.,,g• \l' ZA-1%-i. . • .-... ••,•,„-. -.• . - - :••••,...1,-,,T,t....... ( ,--,/, f! li, , • „ • . . mrg. Thomas , ',, .1, „.. ~ = • .., ,- .N:Ki' il' '! oi . '. (o.,Bristoi), ,mlitir,.,l,, . . ' •- ..... j;,..'... • ,? , . .. and her ehildrtn f vv,,,. '• ' er.,,. ~ ,-. .11-4":„....,::-,.; , who were cured . ...... --- . • . of (cecina by' p. 3,. ' ;... , - ''' f .N.,.. :iii..:..-...,-....';',e,. :..• • Zani-Bak. 1 , . . • - . i'r.-..- ' T, .- ••; „. _u„, • - jig,- _ • .. / -.Vri pt.' ' / .'=',,-.4. .1\11•• .- -•'• -- ' 't.--4•41, ' • 4,...„-...,--t_ I ' .--- , .---_--..-- Br , ~,,.,...., 1 rir -En. \\ ,„,.., •, '•.----,---. f ~,,, ~ - '''Th' '-41.;Ff‘ ,-;_.----'• \ \*, ' \''' .43_.---`• _,3 ,''' \ i - ,1 - '.1,/' to%k, •\.:- )1 • • -. • \.,IIII:Ai4H• -t---;/ -r,.-._-,./ - •11 ~''. .:4'. ~..., 'Pe 1 -- ittg1,...44r ki,-. till - - „iip', , . ... . a '4"t• • ..%, 0, --4 7----,--„, . •-•,,.,,,;.-•,,,,...-..--,...:•,:-i-si:N\ _ i , WI th /f .;.:V;;:/, .. i •'' 4,•?I----. ',/11,,,,4.-:....,;.,:44_. _., i - • . • ..- ---- ..,„ . . . , . :- -...,.: • . ~.,-. ~.!-, ,-11. da;.ekc7:tek.-,-,.1,...,, t-,..vi.:4•5.441,-",,,.,..:....1,..--..:, .:-. .. - ._., _ . - -.. ,--__..- .. ._, ..-, •:, , • . .

===== 0002601_19081114_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBUST FOOTBALLER

—(laughter)—in the last of the 70's and the early SO's when they endeavoured to distinguish themselves in that game of sport. It had been his privilege and his pleasure to meet him in many other spheres, and in all of them he had done very well and had given of his best, and left a mark in the work he had under- taken, which had proved a very great success. As an aldermae of the borough he had earned the approbation and goodwill of the members of the Council. and as Mayor he felt sure that he would earn the approbation and goodwill of the inhabitants generally. (Hear, hear.) Alderman Bennett had said that Alderman Forshaw was the first solicitor who had been made Mayor since Mr. Beamont held office, and he held Lim up as a pattern, but it was a far cry to the first Mayor. (Hear, bear.) He (Alderman Tinnion) should be perfectly satisfied if the new Mayor would remember and hold up the retiring Mayor as his pattern. (Hear, hear.) lie (the speaker) had been more than proud of the part he took in asking Alderman Smethurst to become Mayor, and events had more than justified their hopes and expectations of him—(hear, hear)—and he hoped that when they met in that room 12 months hence Alderman Forshaw would have earned the same goodwill and confidence that the late Mayor had earned. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He knew Mrs. Forshaw even before she had the pleasure of making Alderman Forshaw's acquaintance, and she had always been a good- natured soul, reedy to enter into the good work done by all charitable associations and social organizations. (Applause.) He was sure the Mayor would receive the loyal support of every member of tbe Council in dis- charging the duties of his high office. They had now lost the feeling that there was a possibility of the Council meetings being held sander disagreeable circum- stances. That feeling had, he hoped, gone for e7er. (hear, hear.) Ste hoped that all the members of the Council would do what they could to promote and keep I alive the good feeling that now existed. (Applause.) Aldermen Bennett had foreshadowed a great deal of work which he hoped the Mayor would take in bend. He trusted that during the next year they would achieve some of their great schemes, and that there would not be so much vacillation and putting off as there hnd been during the past year. (Hear, hear, and applause). The resolution was then carried unanimously and with acclammation. The ex-Mayor vacated the chair and conducted the newly elected Mayor, accompanied by Alderman Bennett and Alderman Tinnion,to the Mayor's parlour. Shortly afterwards the Mayor returned wearing his robes and chain of office and was greeted with applause.

THE MAYOR'S SPEECH. IMPORTANT SCHEMES ON HAND.

Having made the usual declarations the MA.vor. said :—When the heart is full it is difficult with the mouth to speak, and you can quite understand that my heart is full to-day. I thank you Alderman Bennett and Alderman Tinnion for the kind remarks you have made about ray wife and myself. Your references and allusions, Mr. Alderman Bennett, to our early youth- hood are perfectly true, and Imust say that as a young man I had the ambition to become (at some future time) the Mayor of my native town, believing as I do that to be of use ought to he the great aim of life. Gentlemen of the Council, I thank you sincerely for the high honour you have this day conferred upon me by electing me the Mayor and chief magistrate of my native town. It, has not been my lot to leave ray native sod, and you know, gentlemen, it is said that " A prophet is not without honour save in his own country," but you have conferred upon me the highest honour it is possible to confer upon a fellow-townsmen which goes to show what perseverance and industry can do. (Applause.) I will say at once that during my term of office I shall

KNOW NO POLITICS, but I will endeavour to fulfil the responsible ditties of this office, to the best of my ability, with impartiality, without fear or favour, and I hope with dignity and urbanity. (Applause.) I know full well that Alderman Smethurst will be a difficult man to follow, but he has kindly promised me his support and assistance, and I shall certainly take advantage of that promise. I hope you will forgive any shortcomings on my part, but I promise you that I will do my best and endeavour to do what is right. With regard to Mrs. Forshaw, I may say that as a wife she has been a splendid helpmate to me, and I am sure that, as the Mayoress of this her native town, she will prove a splendid helpmate. She will certainly do her best. (Applause.) We shall have several important matters to deal with during the ensuing year and I think the most important legacy which is left to me is

The Examiner, Saturday, November. 14, 1908.

Councillor EvAss said there should be room for every man to exercise his abilities in any position, and he would be willing to fall in with the Standing Order. The amendment was defeated by a large majority, and the Standing Orders were adopted. THE COMMITTEES.

The following were appointed the various com- mittees : Watch.—The Mayor,Aldermen Bolton, Burton,Ellison, Smethurst and Tinnion ; and Councillors Evans, Dr. Joseph, Sankey, and Wilkinson. Finance and Estate.—Aldermen Bennett and Forshaw; and Councillors Ashcroft, Craik, Fulton-Smith, Locker, Lord, Nield, Roberts and Wilkinson. Street Improvement and Lighting.—Aldermen Bennett and Forshaw ; and Councillors Dr. Joseph, Barton, Craik, Evans, Lord, Pemberton, Roberts, and Wilkinson. Health.—Aldermen Barton, Evans, and Tinnion ; and Councillors Barton,Evans, Dr. Joseph, Sankey,Wilitin3on Wilson, and 13roadhurst. Sanitary Works.—Aldermen Evans, Smethurst, and Tinnion : and Councillors Evans, Dr. Joseph, Sankey, Steel, Wilson' Hawthorn, and Lashford. Paving and Sewerage—Aldermen Burton, Forshaw, Smethurst and Tinnion ; and Councillors Ashcroft, Craik, Hawthorn, Pemberton, Wilkinson and Rogers. Museum.—Aldermen Tinnion, Bennett and Ellison ; and Councillors Ilirtnn, Fulton-Smith, Nield, Wales, Lashford, Locker and Pemberton, with the following, non-members of the ConociLviz.:—Nfessrs. It. Pierpoint, .f. J. Ridgway' T. lk fay, J. F. Dutton, L. Greening, A. J. Jolley, and J. Upson. Cemetery.—Councillors Birtles, Barton, Chantler, Craik, Cnnuington, Locker, Nield, Singleton, Skelland and Steel. Town Ilan, Parks and Betho.—Aldermen Bolton, Burton, Ellison and Smethurst ; Councillors Craik, Cunnington, Dickenson, Evans, Birtles and Lord. Markets.—Councillors Ashcroft, Cantlor, Cunning ton, Dickenson, Erns, Lord, Sankey, Steal, Peacock, and Rogers. Gas.—Aldermen Bolton, EllisDn, Evans, Pierp runt and Tinnion •, and Councillors Locker, Rogers, Sankey, Toole and Wilkinson. Rivers.—Aldermen Bolton, Bennett, Burton, F ershavv, ' and Tinnion ; and Councillors Dickenson, Fulton- Smith, Nield, Steel and Peqcock.

Councillor lionEnTs said as the proposer of the Standing Order he would ask the Council to support it. Fire Engine.—Alderman Burton ; and Councillors Both Alderman Tinnion and Alderrnan Smethurst had Ashcroft, Barton, Dickenson, Cunnington. Lord, painted a nice picture in regard to the loss of certain Skelland, Wilson, Broadhurst, and Lashford. gentlemen. They knew Alderman Bennett was a valuable Water.—Aldermen Bolton, Evans and Forshaw ; and man, but there was no necessity for him to retire Councillors Craik, Fulton-Smith, Locker, Lord from the chairmanship of the Finance Committee. He Pemberton, Rogers and Roberts. was chairman of two other committees. It was also Gymnasium.—Aldermen Ellison, Evans and Tinnion ; unnecessary for Alderman Evans to retire from the and Councillors Broadhurst, Cunnington, Dickenson, chairmanship of the Sanitary Works and Water Corn. Hawthorn, Lashford, Skelland rand Wilson ; and the tnittees, but he was deputy-chairman of the Gas Corn- following non-members of the Council : Messrs. Hugh mittee. There was no doubt the chairmanship of the Ferguson, Thomas Locker and John Upson. committees had been in the hands of a few. Five Electricity and Tramways.—Aldermen Ellison, Evans, gentlemen were chairmen of eleven out of the 17 Forshaw and Smethurst ; and Councillors Hawthorn, committees, which gave very little opportunity to the Dr. Joseph, Nield, Toole, Wilkinson and Peacock. other 31 members of the Council becoming chairmen ; Small Holdings and Allotments Committee.—Alder- or deputy-chairmen, and they were more or less men Bennett, Ellison and Forshaw ; and Councillors nonentities. He did not express any dissatisfaction Chantler, Cunnington, Nield, Toole, Wilkinsoo, Birtles with any of the chairmen ; it was a matter of policy. and Lashford. Alderman BOLTON supported the new order. He said Towns.—Alderrnen Bennett and Pierpoint ; and there had been grumbling and growling by some of the Councillors Dickenson, Evans, Locker, Pemberton, younger members that they had no opportunity unless Roberts, Singleton, Toole and Wilkinson. some of the old fogies dropped out, because the appoint- General Purposes.—The whole of the members of the merits were not made through merit but seniority. lie Council. (Alderman Bolton) did not think the Corporation would PRESIDING ALDERMEN. lose anything by this new rule, because the chairmen The following were appointed presiding aldermen of could still be members of the committees. Every the various wards: —Town Hall, Alderman Smethurst ; member should have the opportunity of filling the Whitecross, Alderman Pierpoint ; Bevvsey, Alderman higher positions if he had the ability. Burton ; Orford, Alderman Forshaw; St. John's, Dr. JOPEPIT said although he agreed with what Alderman Tinnion; Fairfield, Alderman Ellison ; !Alderman Tinnion and Alderman Smethurst had said Howley, Alderman Evans ; St. Austin's, Alderman 'about the personality of the present chairmen, he was Bennett ; Latchford, Alderman Bolton. ' in favour of the new Standing Order on principle. This DELEGATES. was an age of specialism. There were as good fish in the The following other appointments were made:— sea as ever were caught. If a thousand of the most Representative on the Lancashire Asylums' Board, valuable men were suddenly abstracted there would be Councillor Evans; Representative on the Lancashire a thousand to take their places, and take them well.. Inebriates' Acts Board,Alderrnan Smethurst; Represent- Why should all the members of the Council, with the ative on the County Rate Joint Committee, Alderman exception of a few, be shut out of office? The work Bennett; Representative on the Manchester Port Sanitary was done well, but it would probably be done better if , Authority, Councillor Evans; Representative on the the chairman of a committee confined himself to the Manchester and Western Sea Fisheries Board, Alderman work of the one committee. It would be far better , Pierpolut; a representative member of the Education than having a dull-headed workman. 'Committee, the Mayor; Representatives on the Distress Councillor ASHCROFT said there were men fit to take ' Committee in place of Messrs. F. Stott and J. Ball, the positions of chairmen and the honours ought to go Councillors Broadhurst and Lashford ; Representative round. I of the Board of Guardians on the Distress Committee Councillor LORD expressed a similar opinion, and ; in the place of Mr. Samuel Davies, who has ceased to said if present chairmen giving up a polition were not ; be a member of that Board, Mr. Robert Leo; and menu- manly enough to stay on a committee, the sooner they hers of the Local Pension Committee, Councillors went the better. This Standing Order answered well in Birtles,Lashford and Peacock. Manchester and Salford. Councillor BROADHURST and Councillor WILKINSON supported the new Order, but Councillors TOOLS and BARTON spoke in favour of the amendment, their con- tention being that the work had been done vvell and it I would be unwise to make a change in the present Ilonrishing state of the Corporation departments. Alderman BENNETT said it might .1)e supposed that some of the chairmen were greedy end anxious to keep in office. Instead of being a trouble and pain to him to lose one of his positions it wonld be a pleasure. He had more to do than he was well able to do. But a chairman ought to have the opportunity of retaining the positions in which he was most deeply interested. He (Alderman Bennett) would not retain the chair- manship of the Finance Committee if he had to give up a position, because his heart was in the work of the Street Improvement and Museum Committee' and he was sure there were members of the Finance Committee who could do the work as well as ho could. Ile thought every Committee ought to have full freedom to chose the man who was to preside over their deliberations. The now Standing Order was not really democratic. Councillor NIELD a chairman would deserve well of the town if he devoted himself to weighing all the details of the one department. A member who was chairmau of two or three departments was overloading himself, and there was always the possibility of a sus- picion arising that everything might not be going all right, however energetic, careful and inti:uate he might be.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE BUILDING OF A NEV MUDGE

across the Mersey' I may at once say that I entirely agree with the ex-ga.yor that it is now no use attempt- ing to tinker with the existing bridge, and that the soundest and wisest policy is to go in for a new and substantial one. This I intend to bring before the Council at the earliest possible date, and I hope the Council will give it that consideration which it undoubtedly deserves. Above all let us make the bridge wide enough for the ever increasing traffic:ln my opinion SO feet is little enough. I think it will largely depend upon the term of years allowed by the Local Govern- ment Board for the repayment of the loan whether the Council build an iron bridge or a ferro-concrete bridge.

The less cost of maintenance of the latter construction may, however, counterbalsame the shorter period allowed for the repayment of the loan. I am also in entire sympathy with the ex-Mayor in his desire to construct a temporary footbridge across the Mersey with the object of opening out Victoria Park as a huge play- ground for the children of all parts of the town. The completion of Bridge-street has shown us the desirability of pushing on with the

===== 0002601_19081114_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDENING OF THE OTHER MAIN STREETS,

and as you are aware an application is now before the Local Government Board for a Provisional Order to enable us to acquire the necessary buildings and land for the widening of the streets. I hope during my Mayoralty considerable progress will be made towards those improvements. Every year Parliament imposes fresh duties on the municipalities, and it will be your and my duty this year to consider and decide upon the [ applications for old-age pensions, and I hope a wide and liberal view will be taken in the consideration of those claims which mean so much in the way of comfort and relief to those in declining years. The Council has also had imposed upon it during the year the duty of collecting local taxation licences,dogs, guns, carriages, and the like,the majority of the duties from which will be paid direct into the local exchequer instead of being received and paid through the Local Government Board as heretofore. I would, however, venture to suggest the advisability of all persons interested in the borough taking out their licences within the borough, so that we can secure the duties. You know that I have taken a great interest in providing temporary

===== 0002601_19081114_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A LLOTAT ENTS

for the use of the working class, and T hope the Council will assist me in utilizing any other lands belonging to the Corporation for the provision of further allotments. The land in Victoria Park appropriated for that purpose will not be required probably for many years for park purposes. Therefore I think we are making the best use of the land in the meantime, especially when we consider that it is being done without loss to the town. I hope some progress will be made in the laying out of the rest of Victoria Park during the year. (Applause.) I regret to find that there are so many people out of employment, but I am glad to think that the distress is not likely to be so great as in many other industrial towns of Lancashire. I regard it as the duty of the Town Council to at once consider what works of public utility can be put.in hand to provide

WORK FOR TRE UNEMPLOYED. One cannot help feeling for the poor women and chil- dren who suffer so severely for the want of food and warmth in the bitter winter months. I am happy to think that with the exception of one or two trades, work in the town is improvirm, and I shall be glad if the employers of labour will make the fullest use of our labour bureau, which is so excellently carried on by our local Distress Committee. In conclusion, if T have, as I hope to have, your support ond co-operation I feel sure that I shall succeed, and I hope give satisfaction carryinz out the responsible and onerous duties that will devolve upon me as Mayor and Chief Magistrate of this important county borough. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19081114_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPUTY I‘IAYOII.

The MAyort then appointed Alderman Smethurst to act as his deputy. Alderman Smurlrutts'r in returning thanks said he hoped that during his term of office he had not sullied a single link of the Mayoral chain and he was sure that in Alderman Forshaw's keeping the chain would lose none of its brightness. (Applause.) They could not expect a man like Alderman Forshaw, who hgd a busi- ness to conduct,to devote as much time to the duties of the Mayoralty as one who had nothing else to do. Mrs. Smethurst and himself would therefore do what they could to help the Mayor and Mayoress during the next twelve months, and any service they could render would be given with a willing heart. (Applause).

11IAYOR'S CIIAPLATN. The Mayor then appointed the Rev. C. C. Briggs as his chapl lin, and announce l that it was his inten- tion to go to the Parish Church on Sunday morning, and he should be glad if as many townsmen as possible would accompany him there. In the evening he would go unofficially to the blue Coat School Chapel.

IMPORT- ANT NEW STANDING ORDER. HONOURS TO GO ROUND.

The Council having fixed the usual dates for the hold- ing of rmeting,s, tho MAYOR proposed, and Alderman SMETHURST seconded, the adoption of the Standing Orders. _

Alderman T/NNION called attention to a new Standing Order, which prevented any member of the Council being chairman or deputy-chairman of more than two committees of the Council, or acting as their representa- tive on more than two public bodies. He said that in theory that might be very good, but it should ho the duty and privilege of every committee to appoint its own chairman and deputy-chairman. Four gentlemen were affected by the new Standing Order, which was going to be to the detriment of the Corporation. Alderman Bennett would have to give up his position as chairman of'the Finance Committec, and if anybody was fitted for that position it was a professional accountant. Then it would be a loss and great incon- venience if Alderman Evans decided to give up the chairmanship of the Sanitary Works Committee. There was no old member on that committee who could under- take the work. Alderman Smethurst would not be able to take the chair ns deputy-chairman. Neither could be (Alderman Tinnion), though the new Order did not affect him, as he was chairman of only two committees. The chairmanship and deputy-chairmanship of the Sanitary Works Committee would have to be in the hands of two junior members. He moved that the Order be deleted. _

Aldbrraan SMETHURST soconded and said if passed the new order would entirely disorganise the work of the Council. Alderman Evans had re-modelled the Sanitary Works and it ,would he a pity to remove him when further alterations were in haad. As 'far as he (Alder- ran Smethurst) was concerned ho would fall in with the idea, and he would retire from the deputy-chairman- ship of the Sanitary Works Committee.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ciTys T ~, • 3 -0 al* 10 s't *", 4 ` 404. ~. - fe,," • 1.4.

A FAMOUS PHYSICIAN Prescribes a Simple Remedy for INCREASING STRENGTH and FLESH.

An eminent physician, who is well known as a specialist and author, writes :—" No treatment for Phthisis, or weak lungs, would be complete without Dr. Cassell's Tablets. I have subjected these Tablets to the severest tests and the results were of the most satisfactory kind. They increase strength and develop flesh by their power to aid assimilation. I attribute several important cures mainly to the timely use of these Tablets—they hare have been added to my list of successful medicines." _ _ _

For nerve troubles, stomach and kidney disorders, thinness and wexkness of the body, wrecked constitu- tion, decline, and similar ailments, 101 d. laid out in a box of this successful remedy wildprove an effective cure. Any chemist can supply Dr. Cassell's Tablets.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

(NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE.)

WARRINGTON.

Date. Opponents. Ground. For Against Sep. 5 Leigh away 5 6 12 Widnes home 5 8 19 Swinton 26 Rochdale home 16 G Oct. 3 Salford 10 Merthyr away 23 12 12 Ebbw Vale 17 Wigan 24 Broughton 31 Merthyr Nor. 7 St. Helens L.C. 11 Australia ..... .... 21 Oldham 28 Runcorn Dec. 5 St. Helens ..... 12 Wigan 19 Broughton 25 Leigh borne 26 Widnes Jan. 1 Runcorn 2 9 Hull 16 Wakefield home 23 St. Helens 30 Wakefield away 20 Oldham away 23 Halifax away 27 NAL Cup Mar. 6 Rochdale away 13 Hull ... . home 20 Barrow away 27 Swinton Apl. 3 Barrow home 9 Halifax 10 Salford home • RUNCORN. For Agains Sept. 5 Salford 12 St. Helens 19 Leigh away 6 5 26 Widnes home 13 7 Oct. 3 Swinton 10 Treberhert 1:2511 17 nocild kle home 16 8 21 Australia ..... 21 Winn 31 Keigley Nov. 7 Broughton L.C borne 14 Swinton IP home 21 Broughton 28 Warrington ...... Dec. 5 Barrow away 12 Salford home 19 Widnes away 25 St. Helens away 26 ".., 1 m Jan. 1 Warrington ..... 0311 9 Oldnam 16 Batley 23 Treherbert 130 Rochdale , Feb. G Batley 20 Winn 27 N.U. Cup . Mar. 6 Barrow home 27 Leigh borne Apr. 3 Oldham away 9 10 Broughton WIDNES. For Against Sept. 5 Barrow home 3 6 12 Warrington away 8 5 19 Oldham home 0 7 26 Runcorn Oct. 3 Broughton 10 Salford home 2 15 ;lira 17 St. Helens 21 Barry home 31 6 31 Leigh Nov. 7 Wigan L.C. - 14 Barrow 21 St. Helens 28 Dec.. 5 Wigan LE., 12 Dewsbury away ,r:f1.419 Runcorn 25 • 26 Warrington Jan. 1 2 Rochdale 9 Swinton 13 Australia 10 Dewsbury home 23 Leigh borne 30 Salford Feb. 6 Oldham away 13 Batley 20 Barry away 27 N. U. Cup 95.3 Mar. 6 Wigan 1 13 Swinton

A

===== 0002601_19081114_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES.

By Veronica.

During the past few weeks I have several times referred to various aspects of winter photography. At the moment, I wish to speak rather of the general sub- ject, and hope to follow these remarks with more particularised and practical details in succeeding columns. The number of new recruits in photography has been very great during the past year or two, and writers are apt to forget that their readers include many who need to be informed of some of the basic facts. Of course, all old photographers know that the winter-time can be as busy and profitable as the summer, but many new beginners are apt to lay away their cameras as SOOS RS the trees shed their leaves.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NEGATIVE-MAKING IN WINTER.

The possibilities of negative-making are largely cur- tailed by the fact that most photographers can get very little daylight time in winter, and the result of this should be to make them turn their attention, as far as possible, to subjects in or near their homes. This means that portraits (including studies of animals and other pets), still life nod interiors should have a special turn. I showed a week or two ago that much of this work can be done by means of ordinary gas or paraffin lamps, and last winter about this time, I dealt at some - length with the use of magnesium wire for interior work. During the daylight hours, too, much work can be done almost as well in the winter as in the summer, simply increasing the exposure for these interior subjects to two or four times what would be given' under similar circumstances in the height of summer. EVENING WORK. _ . I

..... I The present-day photographer is greatly favoured in having the chance of using gaslight and bromide papers, and he is to be particularly congratulated on the fact that the gaslights and slow contact papers together with the slow lantern plates, can be worked quite conveniently in an ordinary living room with the usual evening lighting. COPYING AND ENLANGING. .

The maki;ii-or enirtr;en7en-W-10-r-fi;;Mit-ig, and the copying of pictures, prints' music,. and other objects, forms interesting and useful work for the winter. The , common ideas as to the need of extensive and expensive' ' apparatus for this purpose is very largely based on mistake, for while a special apparatus is very cion--, venient when a man is doing much work, it is not at all necessary when he does only occasional jobs. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. Te making of prints and their suitable mounting or framing, especially if they are finished for Christmas cards or albums, enables the photographer to turn his hobby to great advantage in the winter time, and to give presents which will be much more appreciated than those which are bought at the shops, and are just the same as may be given by, and to other people. THE KNOW-HOW.' Another very great advantage of the photographer of to-day is that in addition to the simplifications of all his methods, there has been provided a very complete series of practicable and easily understandable text books, issued by various publishers, and supplied at very reasonable prices. The most extensive series is the Photo-Miniature," which now deals with no loss than ninety-two subjects, and each book of which is sold at the reasonable price of Gd. Many other honks- at Gd. or Is. are also issued, so that the amateur who will call call at his dealers shop or write to one of the publishers for a complete catalogue, will find it easy to take up any new branch of photography that may attract ' him. THE TRAILL-TAYLOR LECTURE. Some of the newer generation of photographers will probably feel some wonder when they see the announce— ment of the 11th Traill-Taylor Memorial Lecture, which is to be given at the Royal Photographic Society on November 17th, for there are many photographers who knew nothing of the art-science in the days when J. Traill-Taylor was a great power in the land, lie was indeed one of the " giants ' in those days, and held a position such as is not occupied by anyone at the present time. For many years he was editor of "The British Journal of Photography, and had a good deal to do with raising it to its unique position of influence. When9ie died a subscription was made for the sake of establishing a memorial, some hundreds of pounds were raised, and it was decided to establish a lecture-ship, awl-ding a large handsome bronze Traill-Taylor medal each year to some important man who would give an original lecture on photography or the kindred sciences, preferably on the optical side, in which Mr. Train- Taylor was specially interested. The lecture this year is to be by Dr. E. ‘Vanderstob, on " The Regulation of the Ray in a Lens System." Anyone who is in London, and is Interested can obtain a ticket by applying to the Secretary of the Royal Photographic Society, by which organisation the Trai 11-Taylor Fund is now administered.

EXHIBITION RECORD-3. Tn spite of the competing attractions of the fine weather and the Franco-British Exhibition, the number of visitors to the Royal Photographic Society's Exhibi- tion at the new Gallery, was slightly in advance of the number admitted in any previous normal year. Last year was quite abnormal because of the novelty of the autochrome process led to the attendance of large numbers of people who were not interested in photo- graphy generally, but who were attacted by a novelty. The highest previous record was 15,221 admissions in 1900, and the number this year amounted to 15,621 excluding those nho attended the private view and soiree, which would have raised the total ta well over 18,003.

The Solution to the Unemployed Question.

START A PROFITABLE MAIL ORDER BUSINESS. and he your own Master. It requires no tactory, no capital, and no experience to make money at Lome. arrai Wilte NCVI4I.IY ( 0., Doer. If,, 10, I.( RN ET., Taxis-calif.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
KEPT PRISONER BY

AWE HUMOUR

Hands, Arms and Ear in Serious Condition with Eczema—Cared for by Doctors, Dispensary and Nurse but Got Only Temporary Relief— Could Scratch Herself to Pieces.

SOON COMPLETELY CURED BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

"I feel it my duty to let you know about my being cured of eczema. A year ago last April I chilled my blood and it caused my 'ands and arms to break out. I used to try all kinds of things and I had two different doctdrs and also at- tended a dispensary for three months. Then I had a nurse come to the house every morning for seven weeks. They would seem to ease me for the time but it would all come again and by night I could scratch myself to pieces. My own girl has been an hour every night putting bandages on my arms and hands. Almost everyone in High St. could tell you what a sufferer I was and the doc- tors told me that I should never be able to do my washing again. "Last May my ear became awful, too. Then I read of Mrs. Cutler's child, on King St., being cured by Cuticura. So a neighbour kindly wentand saw her, as I was a perfect prisoner and could not even go to the door or window. Mrs. Cutler told her if I tried Cuticura she felt sure it would do me good. I sent right away for Cuticura Soap, Cuticura Ointment and Cuticura Pills. I shall never forget the first time I use them, they cooled me so. I used three sets and at the end of the week I was a dif- ferent person. This was seven months ago and I have not had a spot on me since. I have kept on using Cuticura Soap and always shall. A friend of mine had her baby nearly all covered with sores. I told her about my cure, In fact, she had seen the state I was in. She bought Cuticura Soap and Oint- ment and her child is now quite differ- ent, thanks to Cuticura. Mrs. E. Brown, 51, High St., Stonehouse, Devon, England, Dec. 1, 1907 and Jan. 12,1908." Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- euraßook on Treatment of Skin Diseases Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and AdUillll consists of Cutieum Soap to Cleanse the Skin. elltielllA Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cutleura nits (Chocolate Coated, In vials of 60) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold through- out the world. Depots: London, 27, Charterhouse Sq.: Paris. 5, Rue de la Pala: Australia. R, Towns dr Co., Sydney: India, B. K. Paul. Calcutta: China, Eong Kong Drug Co.: Japan, slaruya. Ltd., Tolttn7 Russia,. Perreln, Moscow; So. Atriea,_Le.non, Ltd, Cape Town, etc.: U. S. A., Potter Druit:ds. ChM. COM...SoIe Props.. Boston.

SOLD EVERYWHERE, II Vll9 2/9,, QS, lima ill-. LUNG TONIC Tux woftim's 808 COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, ass. -

DANYSZ VIRUS kills

===== 0002601_19081114_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS AND MICE.

ILAR3I.4IOSE, TO OTHER ANIMALS- AND. HMIAN BRING.H. A NORTEtWICH TESTIMONIAL. From Mu. J. A. Corm., Clerk to the Urban District Council.

Council Offices, Northwich, June 13th, 1906. The Danysz Virus you sent has been trio& with moat excellent results.

(S:iguad) J. ARTHUR COWLEY. I tube 25.; 3:tubes 55.; per down 18s. ; post free from DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., Box 292. 52. Leadenhall Streit. LONDON. B.C.

And of all Chemists.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
siafffil:s

CURES when all other Remedies fail - IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC OD SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If vu suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/4. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

Counsel The purchase of the Coffee that always pleases Farniiy or Guest meng

CLitIIKB'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired for constitutional dig:barges from thet Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back. Pre* from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 41. BS each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. Tbs Lin coin and Midland Counties/Drug Company, Lincoirl,,--• Advt. To MOTHIERS.—Mrs. Wlrsexow's Soothing Syrup has beers used for over tlfty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, R ith perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer Immediately. It Is pleasant to taste; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain anl the little cherub awakes as bright ail:a buttons cf all Chemist. No. W.—Advt./

Sy Cofke EAAence 1-17 F 44, '-‘•* , , , Richly Fresran - - Pure & nv i.gorat . -

===== 0002601_19081114_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,N, - : c.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
4

I

I

,

\ .

: . ~

Cht eraintntr butes

OP WS3K-HIND NWNSPAPHItS COMPRISIIS I Aral WARRINGTON A HID-CHRSIIIIIII I. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padget°, Lymm. Ac., being one of the Largest and Bast Wee'aly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper coin- rises &large trading and agricultaral tract In South Lance- hire and Hid-Cheshire. TØR RUNCORN BRANIINBR, published every Saturday marning. It Is the besi, weekly paper In the Town and District, and °ger; the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers.

%IRK WIDIES EXtMINIIII published every Saturday .1 morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and Is a rpiJly growing centre of industry.

glint BUILLISTOWN AND NEWTON' 11IXAMINTIR, 1. published every Satirday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Hariestown, Newton-le- Roiborne, Haydock, Lowton, to. The district thus en nneitill ti s most Important part of the Lancashire coal. gelds.

'pH Si. HRLIMS BXAMINKII, pnblished every Saturday morning, ctrculating In St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Pessley Cross. dm —the centre ot the Glees, Chenslde and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APAATMENTS WANTED- HOUSES WANTED. APA.ETMEINTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BB SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Rix Thirteen trarde. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Ot. 83. ... Is. 3. ... 2s. Od. ... 3a. 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. Cd. ... ss. ed. . 38 ... Is. Od. ... 31. tld. ... 4s. Od. ... 61. ed. 45 ... 19 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... Ers, Od. ... 7a. M. 54 ... Is. Eld . 3s. se.. ... 13s. Od. ... 108. Od.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Bomestfr berbantcf, etc.

AV ANTED, young GENERAL. no washing.—llAuwooD V ROCEIF, Halewoo.i.

WASTRO, ft COOK-GI3cI3R.A.C, and Honeemald- Waitreae,—Apply, LISNEORS, Clarendon rd., Sale.

WANTIM, young GESMAL no ohlldren ; rold home. --EcolT 29. Stanley it., Cheetham, Manchester.

ECCLUS SELION SI36IISTIIY —2l, TREVELrAN , Beeler, Manclarster. Servants in all capacities want. _------

WANTED goer' CiIiNERAL SREIVART ; Finn-1y borne; small family.—Apply Mrs. GRAHAM, 9, Park view, Wigan.

WANTED at once, tittNERAL, age 20 to 25, reference reirdred.—COCKCELOFT, 63, Scirlibrick New rd., eonthport.

WANTS° USW:LAI. where Norte Is ttept ; family four; V no washing.—Apply evenings, 431. Stretford rd., Manoheiter.

VirANTSD,—COOK-lIIVVERAL, arid 2S to 35.—Rep1y by letter, with photo If possible, to 63, CAMBRIDGE RD.. Southport.

WANTICD. at onc h ~, t,ronghly rellabla GI3NRILAL, about 17 ; three in firrilly.—App!y 36, !dolling rd , Southport

NATANTED. voung WOMAN as GREIBRAL sEnvAsr ; honlly 2 ; small wsala, good wages.-27. WITEINGTois Br., Msnehester.

WyANTRD a good MINERAL. age 18 to 21; Christian home ; imsil family.—Apply Mrs. TBOMPSOY, 28, Park clew, Wigan.

WANTKD SITUATION as COOK or Working House- keeper by respectable person ; good reference.—A.S., 21, Eastbourne rd., Birkenhead.

WANTED, young GIME UAL ; accustomed to good pl•in cooking ; washing ; family two; guxl lelerencas.- 12, AUGHTJN RD , Birodale. louthp

7ANTR ID Eltuatlon as COOK-HOUB4K9SPER to TV gentleman where servant, are kept ; excellent refer- ences:—alre. F. P., 29, 131 m Grov,, Sale.

NV4NTRD, go.-,d Plain COOKS. Wairresses, Housemaid, Kitehenmaids, Between and superior Generals. —Mrs. ItElD'el SELF.CV P.EGISTRY. Rusholme, 114nabester.

ANTI3D.—Good ORRL. 15 to 25. Plain Cooking Y Vi7,zes £.13 to LH. kieterencer.—Apply. Miss SALL @Bray, 23, Algburth rd.. Grmeeodale, rir. Liverpool.

WANTED, Superior Useful 113 LP , strong, about to V assist With tn'alii ant duties, to live with family, no nULICYER, Barrow Farms. HaleAltenchsm.

WVANTBD, Rt once, good GHNIMAL SlittV3,3T, from 25 to 30, for family of thre3. Reference. required.— Apply perionally to Mr.. Vi'Addicza, Brentwood, V Indoor rd., Chorley.

SIVAIITBD respectsb'e Person, Situetion as WORKIM4 HO ; small house ; goal olok ; Walt-tines. ; M. C., 44, Albert-trove, Long Aghl. litlsrebester.

NAT ORKING HOUSI4KISttPIitt to one or two geatlemea or superior workiog mtn. Go' ,l cook ; would go for small wages If allowed, her dog.-31. C.. 84, Hardsbsw at.. St. Helens.

WAISTIW. 1:113:1e.R•L (respectable), .I'ght, housework. no washing ; no bar otekritng ; fond of children ; Pretest/int ; good referennes.—MowEnx KoTEt, Molyneux rd., Liverpool.

ANTSD, a strong WO.lidlr4 for working men lodging- IV home; look after inlhi ; good home ; early riser and good washer; 3a. to sttrt.-11, WINDIOU BWDOE, S Mord, Manoheeter.

VAT ANTED good GIAINERAL sinvur, age 19-2; able Y to wash ; three in family ; comfortable home for suit- able girl; references required.—Mrs. CraRKE, 56, Worsley rd , Swlnton,Manchester.

VtT ANTEBH, young GISSISRAL to take all duties. One child tive years. Apply by letter, stating age, refer- ences and wages required. Good home to suitable person.- -Mrs. Robinson, Fern Bank, High lane, Charlton-cum- Hardy, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Pattntrgbius, titstness4ts.

JJJ YOU WANT TO ORLI. your Business ?—I( so,consult Mr. 00WDELL, Bustness Agent. Legh at., Warrington.

TpUTCHEk'd BUSINESi for Sale ; goo! corner abop ; Dopuloo3 digtrict.—Apply 103, ItAx.eEr ST., Roettiale.

F DISPOSAL, the Flxtares, Stock and ciao:twill of a 12 STALL, retailing Hardware an I TJVI lu the VS'arring ton Ilarket Hall.—Addresa to Box W.S., " Bxaminer " Office. Warrington.

FrOBACCO and CON ItHCTIONBRY. —Double front. market potitlon. Trade ES to £9, ,nexperienced bat done EU, pt.:ea £l.OO. All at Including valuable Inventory.-328. WRITICRobSIC laD., Croydon.

LHAVING through death.—Dining-rooms and Ledging House to be Soul ; beds, furnlture,good-will, all for LSO A splendid house and living, 10 rooms, low rent.— HARRIBOX., 11 Windsor Bridge, Salford. Martehe.ter.

1\ IANCHESTER1ANCHESTER C 011.14311 SHOP, avoceriPs Provisons. Tobacco, etc.; eplenlid opportunity for ccuple or small family. good living accommodation, taking .23 to £9 weekly • rent 74. Li. clear; everything £46, or stock opt'onal.-13, NEw ST., Jackson Bt., Hulme.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
go be tn.

YksSKISTEL—COTTAGIMS. 2a. &1., and 2s. 64., er week. MILL slk BST, OFFlCBS,grousid floor. Also upper rams. 25. CATHARINE STUEVIT. rent 40. 31. per week. GOOD SHOP and DWELLING HOUSE, 67, Win wick- road, rent Es. 64. a week clear. 173, W aLLIPPILD STRIART, rent ss• per week. OHOULEY STREET, rent 49. 6d. STCCKTOS BRAT el.— 20, Beiford-street, rent £l5 10, Apply ROBERT Lows, Estate Agent,So. 1 Bank-street War Won. Telephone—So 55.

ITO Lltr„ HOUSP, Leigh Vilia, Kriutsif,pd rd.; rei,t £l6. 1 Apply ALDRED, Leigh Villas, lirappenhall.

rro LBT 17, FOLLY- Lel/H.—Apply WOODS a BON 1 Solicitors. Horsemiarket Street, Warrington.

I.I3T.—GOOD HOU, Hopwood-street 3 ted J. room' ; rent se. 6d.—Apply ',cons •ND Sox, Sollettors, floriematket st

rro BS LET,Tower House, dos P to Sankey Station (13.L.C.) _L comprising two entertaining room', kitchen and tack- kitchen, live bedrooms, betb, and we.. h. and C. throughout. washhouse and small garden.—Arply neat door, or to Mr. d. °saute, &tate Agent, Whines. Also Next House coming empty It ortly, containing two entertaining roomy, kitchen and bt.ek-kitchen, three bedrcoms,bath room, h. and trnall garden, 219105. per annum.—Apply as above.

Insrellantous, On 'alt, rtr.

T" - RACING STUD" are best for advice.-31 High r 4. Chiswick.

EVHILY boy and girl who can dance should write to Miss 24 Casia..a, Hippodrome, Tonypandy.

DISSULTS TO BEAT THII WORLD.—Apply terms, A. J. J. Hosts, 2.8, Perryn rd., Acton, London, W.

DHAUTIFUL Mufflers, le. 2d. poet free, 14 days sale. COLTHS, 17, Studley rd., West Hartlepool.

russrimosieLs typewritten, 12 for ls., 25 ls. 3d., 50 93 —BABBITT, 186 Allender at , Glasgow.

BHDWIHADS.—Sent direct, carrisge paid ; special Xoals cffer.—lgten'e, Factorr, Bromsgrove. Lids free.

LALiGIC fat roasting fOwls, 46. ed. pair, 2Arrlage C. WALKER. Binley, St. Mary Bourne, Andover.

AZORS, Hollow Ground, warranted ;send 2a. 6d. Paid pair 4.. 9.3.—STAYLEY & Co., 2 Dart square, Sheffield.

NAlLS.—Scroll pattern. Brass 24. 6d., Nickel So. ed. oacti.-18, CLSTLE ST,. Birmingham.

A rESSENGI3II OP HEALlll.—lrslth'ul and true. Post 1,1 free ls. Id.--11 eDIco, 17, Anion Plsce, Plymouth.

HAIR BEAUTIFUL, How obtained. Recipe 7 stamps.— Hrs. WALTER 9, 19, Tivernbrook Avenue. Giouoester.

Ir_)HOTO enlergernents (20x 16), 21. One tree.—AMHITELST ART GALLERY, 127,A, Stoke Newington rt., Loldon.

I 1 IVORY VISITING uArtna I..—Agents wanted; 'ample@ eent.—PRINTER, 347, Horneev rd.. London.

ULECTRO PLAT.--Cutlery manufacturers require agents _Li —Hem 6C.SS.brIABRow & THATCHER, Holborn piace,London

5, , ARTISTIC PICTORIAL POSTCARDS direct from, V actual makers,ls. poet free.—Mazzoroir Co ,Brigliton.

COMPLBTft PLANS. special cheap Cottage or Bungalow, le. 2d. poor tree.—MARTIN, 92, Salisbury rd., Maidstone,

DREPARII FOR WINTER TIER. —Frost Nails for horses _l_ shoes, li. Ed. per gross, all slzer.—TnaTorr, Shoeing Smith, Bury.

T ADDIS. —Beautiful Bands ; • Ivorine,' morivalled pre parstion, 1.. 3d , post free.--Cltsass, 11, Minns& it., Monkwearmouth.

CIAMBELIDGESHIRR EITAK. Special inforosation V reNslred. Reliable. Wire 21. ed. P.O.—L. BURGESS, Hillside, Cotham Hill, Bristol.

VMAS PRSSENT6.—Genuine Irish Poplin Ties. Oxfords, Is. 6d. Duileys, 2s. post free. state dude required.— W. SHIRLEY, Betbgore,

CARD INDEX and Vertical Letter Filing Cabinets. Lowest prices; Beet wczkmanship ; Prompt dearery.—THE MWVIDT CABINET Co., Liantrlsant.

NTOTTINGHAM Leoe Curtains. newest designs, white or LI creem, send P.O. 4s. 6/. for sample patr.—Bostena ft Wr.r.ca, Bilifield rd., Ilkeston, Notts.

QTA.IIIP Album given away to Anyone sending fid. for our " invincible" Packet of Foreign Stamps.—D OITGLAS BROS.. 80 tit. Saviour's rd., Leicester.

A NBITHRS, Footballers.—Try " Marvels" eolution., to £1 date and Finals, la. 23.—WILLI•11 MORTON, 33 QM! tOR Terrace Maitland Park, London, ri.W.

XTICH Hot Tea.—Purchase Hygienic Tea Cosy. Lovely 1.11 designs and colour.. Post free Ir. 3d.—HVGIENIC COST Co., 229, Brytdway, CricklewooA, London.

-PAGB BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to me them. Post free. Send for one.— Tnismn.r., The Herbalist. 144, Richmond rd , Cardiff. Established 1879.

OTHERS.—We are the patentees and Sole Plkkers of tYI .111a'Marts fitted with detachable tint. Send for ciroular.—HAßDlNG, 33. Ernest rd., Portsmouth.

MILIRL-ECONO V ISMS (3av:ng 25 per cent). Salaried 1' Agents, T:rma and Samples, 16. 3d.— H. G. CARSON & CO. (Dept. 8.), 1, Southampton Row, London, W.C.

L, OUSIM [VHS l Washing-day a pleasure, not a bore 1 d Use our special " Eicrut-no-more ' ; 7d. secuzes recipe. —M. SIP KLEW & Co., 288 Butberglen rd., Glasgow.

A STROLOGY.—Your Horoscope, with Fatal Map. ..13 Character, marrisr, &c. ; seud P.O. le. 63. with birth date.—JOHN GREEN, Ova:noon' Roue), Pet% orth.

ellGAlN.—Clent's full-sfze Overeoet Lengtb. darlsouperb material ; 0c.137 requires seeing. Sacrifice. 9s. 6d., carriage nald.—l.r. MAIMOTT, 93. Hook rd, Epsom.

na,NICRUPT biTOOK.—Carvers, 'llompirte :eta in Om 1.1 beautifully finished, tend 31., worth double, to GRIFFITU, 38, Teesdale it., Bethnal Green, London.

ASTOUNDING BARGAIN, —Beautiful new Umbrellas , Conga or cherry handles, sEver-mount,d. 31. 6i. eacb, postage 31.—TRATcacp, Bang Cnambers, Clacton-3n-des.

i‘IAKE MONEY by following my one horse oe,asional wire Bend 2s. 6d. only Inn net'. great ape:A.ll.--H .rucz H.smarosrp, 72 Albert:eerie Gardens, New Maiden, Surrey.

I ADIRS, hemstitched handkerchiefs, with any initial Li beautifully embroidered, doz. 2a., 1 doz. 3. B& plendid value. —MAIL ORDER Co.,B,The Parada,New Barnet.

Atottllaneous, oar, rtt.

PMICEL of good left-off Clothing, 106.—Mre. FRIMB, 202, Tudor rd„ Le!center.

IRISH Linen Handizeroblels, Illustrated list tree,4o designs .i- —IBI9II LINEN DEPOT, Ripon.

OFOR WINTER WEAli.—Rend for Prios List.— 1..1 W. U. RirarszAw. Northwich, Chet.

PIIZZLI4 of Physician. and Otitic;, box post free li. I.d. Alamo), 17, Action Place, Plymouth.

elliOCKEßY.—Genufne value, arAtee of mixed good. £2 to £S.—BILEMFAID Baoe., Longton, Staff.

HO W to make money at borne, stamped envelope. - BREWER, 64, LangtJu Court rd., Bristol.

TISICKS and Conjuring Book, Is. 3d. Lists, stamp.— kJ L. DAVENPORT, 426, Mlle End rd., London.

TYPEWRITING done at borne, moderate terms.—Apply i AGENCY •.,19, Bolton it., Brixnam, Devon.

NVRITH for selection patterns of Overcoat Lengths, ac.— RCHER GEORG 6, 46, Battersea Rise, London.

GIIIIENHOUBII9, Garden Frames, Handlights.—Corasult CIIIELP GILICENHOU6E 00., Sydenhani, London.

PlllVlall %W mAS CARDS from Is. 6d. per doz.—Samples frOta HARTLEY & CLAYTON. Sunbrldge, Bradford.

SOOTDfI BANDLOOSI TWHHDS direct, patterns free ; all pared* paid.—W. H. WILSON. Bannockburn.

SPBOIAL OFFBll.—Ladles' 18 ct. Hold-plated Pendant an Chain, Is. 6d.—Lee, 23. Hermit rd.. Plaistow.

1/10.—LA.DittS fleecy lined knickers, in great demand, post free.—WHiRTON, Draper, Baihim, London.

DOTTBUY.—Beantlful Teapot Stands, appropriate Xal4i 1.. present, free Is. M. —Porran r,22, Bedford rd., Hanle y.

SP L RCIA CURB BRACIILBT, heavily plated, satisfaction guaranteed; send le. 3d.—Tovcir,2o,(lrove Cres.,Stratford

Ul AZORS, Is.. 23. 6d., 35. 6d, ; splendld shaven or money J_Lretarned -Qmoic.Halrdresser,Coventry st.,Ktdderminster

NIOS EY.—For a wrinkle tont will plecs you above wane send le. PO., to BERRY, 60. Grove Hill rd. Tunbridge Wells.

DLEASIC send two Is. and one 21. 63. boa of your Eczema Ointment. It is the best I have trled.--i3LITH. Cbemist. Durham.

t,o SMART Flannella Petticoata, cream and and pink, / telipmed torchcn lace. WHARTON, Draper, Rattan], London.

FJB GlFT.—Silver Thimble with Bet Jewelled Tortoise- shell-pa Vern Hair Comb., ii. 7,l.—DENrox 51/.IIUFIC - TORINO Co , Hornsey. pIANO.—Pine overstrung Upright Grand Ivory keys, quite new ; coat 55 guineas ; take £1.5 151, for ready cash.- 14, PICKMERE BT., Wairington.

WHY pay a guinea for a Shaving Machine when you can buy the beat Razor in the world for 3.. 63, post free. —KEEN & Co.. 21, Clerkenwell rd, London.

lIL NTSMPSHISCS or Drug Habit cure] at home, no 1. interference with daily duties, full particulars from SECRETARY, 67, Sutherland avenue, London, W.

Faßsll FISH', quality guaranteed, cleaned, carriage paid 6lbe. 2,91 bi. 21. 6,11., 171 bi. 3a 6d , trial order tolicited.—GßlMSßY lowEa Irma Co., Dept. X , Grimsby

r &ROB PROFITS for bhopkeepers to sell Sharp Lighting 1.4 Firelighters. Patent applied. Buying agents wsnted. bamples sera. Stamp. --tiIIABP. &rohdeaaon lane Leicester.

QTAMAIRRIBG and Stuttering Oured by Mn. OkLDWIILL kJ Institute for Stssumerers, 19, Shandwick Place, Milo- borough. Bstablisbed 1902, rapid meth xi. Testimonials free

===== 0002601_19081114_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Pormes,flo,Etbe *totit &r.

II Wagwon, and Gears to be sold chew; sulta'sle for ooml dealer,&c. -Grimm AND CO.. Abkttoir,Liverconl.

FJR SAL% two Chestnut Mares, Traps Harness, and Stable Flttinge.—Apply Dr. SRO!, Itailway rct., Leigb.

OO BMOCs Brindle Wavy-coated MASTIFF-RIVIRIEVER. 13 months old.—lvy COITLGE. Cowcr Whitiey, near *hisilh, Cheshire.

north,

CO BALE Cheep, B,OW Fat Turkeys, Geese, Pullets, NJ Ducklings end Chickens •, fresh Eggs.—Apply GROAEICE, Poultry Farm, Collooney, Sligo.

Fox SAM?, one Horse (17 bands), Lucy, Out, Furniture- Vanond Harness.together or separate; all In good con_ clltion.—apply J411E9 ECCL 339, 19. New Bank rd.,l3lackbu,n.

P°maim Pilalfait9.—}llg bee Is micas obtainable paid for Live fat Hew, Ducks, Garai., Large Chickens. Saler, Cub prom; t. Bankert, London City and Midland, II Lite- chapel Branch.—lL ,13 Cobb st.,Spitalfielde, London.

SYMONS,

BOUP, HARNESX, and BHOUGHLlL—Beautlrul bay Careage Horse, 16 hands, warranted gonad and quiet to rt3e rr drive ; Bronghe-m nearly new, by Windorer (London), fitted with electric light, and lined green satin ; rubber-tyred ; told together or separate at a sacritlee, no further use for them,—.lpyly Joax lir/GEEt, F, Derby rd., Bootle.

HADY-/lADIS 8111112 SLIZSVECS.—GrandriII or Satteen Lt sleeves, led. per psi'', 3 pairs, 2s. 3d. ; Wool sleeves, ls. 21. pair, 3 pairs, 3s. All post free,—OPEENIZAW, Golborne. A STROLOGY.—Life-readlng, character, marriage, future 11. events, Ac. ; send sex, birth-rate, 6d. P. 0., *tamped envelope.—Mdme. BTN.LLA, b7O, Commercial rd., Portsmouth

ADllh' H 0313. black. ribbed o• plain, to be cleared at I_l 110. per 'lt; 2s. 9d. for 3 pairs ; worth la. 4d. pair. Postage 3d. extra.--4. HEcros k Co , 71 Market at., Man.

APUBSCOT WILTOti "The WI511," see "Daily Mail," September SEI ) Is the most valuable and elegant Xmas or Birthday Gift ob•atnable, and it guaranteed by th! greatest British Watehworks to be non-magnetic and not to vary more than a minute a mmth. This Is more than tour limes the guaranteed amraoy of "B g Ben." Prices In Gentlemen's Size, 21.., Gun Metal or Nickel ; 371. 64., Silver : 42.., Gold-tllled ; and from 7!1. In Sold. Ladles' tere. 25i., Gun Metal; 395. 64, Silver; 43E, God-filled; and from 555. 64. in Gold. Order at once from any Sew eller. Further parUe earl tree from WArest FACTORY (Dept- V 1511, Preseot. Be in tlme for Christmas and test your gift .To irslf b-forehand.

112'N6 CKBIB3 I KN ILOKKINI I KNACKBI33 / Best .1.1. possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance op to 15 miIes—JAMES TOOLE MU) ISONE LTD., MSDUre Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole Lonkford Works, Telephone 299,

Evidently members of PARLIAMENT'S Parliament are not greatly "IRUINED, disturbed by the ;continued QUIRES." exclusion of strangers. Mr. WILL THORNE, it is true, is anxious to see the ladies back behind the Grille, but he does not seem to be eagerly supported, even by the members of the Labour party. Here we have Parliament conducting its business every day only in the presence of the Press and occasionally of two or three Peers, and yet the heavens do not fall I It seems to be accepted a, the fact that in the House of Commons, as at executions, the Press is a sufficient representation of the public. The Speaker has been making inquiries into the private sentiments of mem- bers on both sides of the House, and has come to the conclusion that the closing of the galleries is not the subject of serious complaint anywhere, The matter is entirely -within his own discretion. unless he should receive some definite instruction from the House. Should he be so minded, there- fore, he may keep the galleries closed so long as he occupies the chair. Members would thus be saved from what has been a permanent source of worry. They have been harrassed every day by constituents who desired to get a seat in one of the galleries for themselves or their friends. They have had to ballot for places in the Ladies'Gallery, on the chance of being successful once in a blue moon, and all at once this onerous responsibility has been lifted from their shoulders, and if the Speaker is to be believed (as, of course, he must be), they are rejoicing at their new-found freedom. All attacks on Parliamentary quiet have the same effect of restricting public privileges. Until an attempt was made to blow up Westminster Hall it was not difficult for any enterprising stranger to get into the members' lobby. Indeed, that portion of the Parliamentary precincts was not much less accessible than the central hall or outer lobby is at the present day. Admission to it represented an ancient, popular right, namely, the right of access of the constituent to his representative, corresponding to the right of the nobility to approach the occupant of the Throne. But when the explosion took place the lobby was closed to everybody, Press included, and the public has never been re-admitted and the Press only to a carefully restricted extent and on special conditions. A member may take a stranger to the lobby for the brief space of three minutes, and that is all that remains of an ancient privilege. He might, during the permitted three minutes, let a lady peep at the House of Commons through a small window. This also is a privilege that has been withdrawn, and one that is very unlikely to be restored. Thus it is that the more daring enthusiasts limit the opportunities of ordinary folk. The existing situation has led Mr. WILLIE REDMOND to make a really sensible suggestion. It is that opportunity should now be taken of increasing the restricted accommodation of the Press. Mr. REDMOND, obviously, is of opinion that some portion of the limited space to which the public has hitherto been admitted should be handed over to the newspapers. We are not selfish enough to second him in this part of his pro- position, if that is what he really means, but otherwise his recommendation is a distinctly good one. The accommodation provided for the Press in the House of Commons is much more liberal than it used to be, but but it is still grotesquely insufficient, and is besides at the mercy of a

/ system which is thoroughly bad, and which makes distinctions for which there is no ground whatever in commoasense or in common fairness. But as the public is certain to go back some day, we should not be disposed to cramp it up more than was formerly the case. We would take the extra space required not from the Strangers' Gallery, nor even from the Grille, but from members of Parliament. Precisely on a level with the Press Gallery there are on each side of the House two rows of seats which are only occu- pied on the occurrence oi great debates. They are reserved for members who cannot find space on the floor of the House. Oa all but special occasions they are like " bare, ruined quires, in which tbe sweet birds sang." Or they would be like that if they had ever been used for vocal purposes. Mr. WILLIE REDUOND might turn his attention to these.

The election of Alderman THE NEW MAYOR. Forshasv to the Mayoralty of Warrington provides one of those rare and interesting incidents of a man commencing in the humblest sphere and rising to the highest office in his native town. It is no secret' that His Worship of to-day was once a Blue Coat boy, and like a proper man he is proud of the fact. Curiously enough his employer as a a youth—the late Alderman Joseph Davies—was likewise a Blue Coat boy anc' he also rose to be Mayor of Warrington. The old Charity School would have had the distinction of supplying three Mayors of Warrington if the honour had also been conferred on Mr. F. Monks, as it should have been years ago. We have no doubt that the present occupant of the Mayoral chair will honour both his office and his school. It has been one of his ambitions in life—as he told the cordial assembly which saw him invested with the robes of office on Monday—to become Mayor of his native town, and doubtless that ambition has been the spur to Alderman Forshaw's unflagging industry and perseverance. The new Mayor showed an admirable appreciation of the dignity and responsibilities of his office in his inaugural speech, and we noted with pleasure his emphatic declaration that as Mayor he would "know no politics." Moreover he expressed in words a deep sympathy with the poor and needy which we have no doubt he will demonstrate in deeds during his term of office.

There were interesting FREE CHURCHMEN references at the annual AND RELIGIOUS meeting of the Warrington EDUCATION. Free Church Council on

Thursday to the Education question. The Rev. R. Rainey Workman, of Manchester, took up a determined attitude and said there must be no compromise: "Sectarianism must go; no longer shall it live upon the rates." The only solution he favoured was the secular one. Mr. Workman thought that religious education should be imparted in the Sunday schools, and if necessary he was in favour of paying the Sunday school teacher as well as the parson. The Rev. J. B. Buglass dissented from this uncompromising ' attitude, and expressed his belief in an early and reasonable settlement based on mutual concessions by the contending factions. Personally, we agree entirely with the Rev. Rainey Workman. A compromise is doubtless possible, but that it will bring about a settlement of the question, and lay the bogey of religious education, we cannot conceive. Sectarianism will prove too strong in the end for any compromise, and the sooner Free Churchmen face the drastic but sound and logical alternative of secular education, and the better for the children and for the nation. If Churchmen doubt their capacity to give adequate religious teaching in their own Sunday schools at their own expense, there should be no hesitancy by Free Churchmen in accepting the responsibility for their own part. Nonconformity has only reached its present high position by faith and self•reliance. Is it to be found lacking now in either? We trow not!

We are astonished to find THE ROAD T 3 that 111 r. Robert Pierpoint HEAVEN. —a man who has had

sufficient experience of life to make most people broadminded—actually believes that the Church of Rigland owns the only road to Heaven, and that without a pass- port from one of the priests of that Church the dying sinner has precious little chance of reaching Paradise. This is the only construction we can put on his remarks at the opening of St. Peter's Sale of Work last week. He is reported as saying: He (Mr. Pierpoint) should be inclined to say that generally speaking, when the great events of the individual life happened, that was when a man and a woman got married, or when either was about to die, they were more apt to send for a clergyman of the Church of England than for the minister of any other denomination. What he meant to say was that even those who were not in Its habit of attending a church but chapel, when , the great occasions of life came, preferred the I office in many cases of the Church. (blear, hear, and applause.) The italics are ours but we do not know who was responsible for the " hear hear and applause." Evidently Mr. Pierpoint was not alone in his belief. But what a thing to say ! Mr. Pierpoint has been a Member of Parliament—for the last time—and he has mixed there with people of all denominations on terms of equality. We presuma he would be one of the first to insist that the House of Commons is a Christian assembly, and per- haps he would also admit that there are Chris- tians on both sides of the House. But if we are to take what he said at St. Peter's as the dictum of an ordered and balanced mind we &re to imagine that the ex-Member for War- rington believes that when they are face to face with Death and tha last moments are nigh, those Nonconformist M.P.'s " opposite " who have been such stalwarts of their own faith through this life will cravenly send for a clergyman of the Established Church to pilot them through the Valley of the Shadow to the Glory beyond. Mr. Pierpoint's statement is an insult to every member of the Dissenting Churches. It suggests that not only is their religion a poor and graceless thing, but that they will readily abandon it in order to receive the last rites of the Established Church. We never heard or read a more amazing allegation, born even of religious bigotry, and we hope the Nonconformists of Warrington will take the trouble to impress Mr. Robert Pierpoint with the enormity of his oftence.

The members of the A TESTIMONY go Warrington Paving and WARRINGTON Sewerage Committee have PAYING, reason occasionally, to blush

to find themselvs-s. famous. Nearly every tourist, on foot or cycle,who samples the Warrington paving finds therein a subject on which be can express himself freely and forcibly. During the past fortnight Mr. George Allen, a famous pedestrian, has been describing his record walk from Land's End to John O'Groats, in "Health and Strength," and the current number contains an account of the tramp from Tarporley to Lancaster. After expatiating on the beauties of Cheshire, Mr. Allen records his impressions on approaching and passing through Warrington: "'Trade's impelling train' had indeedj usurped the land, for Warrington, the town of smoke and rough road setts, was just ahead. The pavement here is a disgrace to ,the town, and as I passed through I wondered how long it would be before the authorities would come into line with other up-to-date towns in this respect, and put down something that made it possible to enjoy a walk in town. By mid-day we were well out of Warrington and hurrying our steps to reach and leave Wigan behind too." This is by no means the first unsolicited testi- monial to Warrington pavements from competent judges, and it ought to make our Paving and Sewerage Committee to think furiously. We have long growled in similar tones. Warrington is certainly the worst paved town of its size that we have ever come across. The two main roads through Latch- ford and Wilderspool, and onward through Loogferd, are more than a disgrace—they are a

scandal to the manicipality.There are holes and ruts inches deep, and tramlines that project above the road-surface like kerb-stones. The crown of Black Bear Bridge need only be taken as a sample. If there is a worse section of pavemlnt on a main road anywhere we should like to see it and have it photographed. It would make an Etrly Roman blush. Better roads were made before civilization had dawned. And yet Warrington is described as a progressive municipality

===== 0002601_19081114_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
EZlanteb.

"I‘l.ol.o;:tKge.le (Traaianttram;.bighert price givea.—tiATFlET.D,

WANTBD. CLIMB:. tramedktely.—Apply Box T.C., " Examiner " OrlicP, Warrlngtoa.

HOMEWORK. g, nutne, profitsble.—Wrlte at once PURDON. ?21. Bowes rd., New Southgate, London.

WANTED. smalllern Cars, Stepney Wheels, temps MOTORISTS' ADVLSORY Aolocr, 13 Beak st„ London, W

NVANTHD Canvassers for Men'e Home-knit Ifo.lerr.—Box 6497, SHARROW t THAWHER, HoThorn Place, London.

ILD THETH.—Top prices given for °id artificial teeth.— kl Poet to FoeTEß,Teeth Alfctro,7,orand rarade,Brighton.

WANTED, AGENTS for Live Stook and In-foal Mare Insurance:MANAGEß, Midgate Obarnbers,Peterborough

LIARS GOOD INCOSIR with small Capital. Be your own LA Master. Write for particulars, free.—Comic AGENCLES, 60, Throbalds rd., London.

RAUGHISHGI7 (all-round) wants borne-work or post bigbeat references, lowest terms.—S. H. F., 17, East- lake rd.. Camberwell, ILE.

A DOPTION.—Lady will adopt baby, premium down. Apply MATHEWES C/O Bursa Wearing, 85 Hawke, it., Small Her.lsb, Birmingham.

A 8 working housekeeper. Widow with little girl (7) going to school. Good cook. Good refs.—ROBERTSON, 228 Edgware rd., London, W.

CHAN LINBRi.—For aspolntments as Stewards, Bakers, kJ Cooks, Bell Boys, Blecricians, &a—Write LANGER M LuN, 137, Coldharbour lane, London.

GARDNER, head working, wants UTUATION ; age 21; life abstainer ; first rate experience and references.— Apply Air. r EBRINGTON. Nannereb—Alold.

/ -.ONFBCTIONER.—LADT (experienced) desires SITUA- -1,.." T LON ; able to take charge of bak.houre ; good references. —Address T W., ' Examiner" Office, Warrington.

ANTED, at once, 14 or 15 dozen per day pure warm TV MILK, to be deavered at Urmston Station as early as poalble In the morning.—Apply TAMES THORLEY, FliEtoll.

WAISTBD. SITUATION as COACHMAN. Life experi- ence. Light weight, mlcldle-sged, married, no family. Preciously with the late Mr. McClure and Mr. Lane, of Heaton Mersey.—Apply MALPIS3, Martinside, Chapel-en-1.-Frah.

I A RN YOU IN A PWITION where you feel that your particular ability is not being utilised ? Have you Some bpecial Knowledge that would enable you to till a more responsible Position in Business or Technical Work ? If so, It will be to your advantage to place yourself in touch with Kapgoode, whose particular ability lies in finding your own particular ability, and placing you in a position where that ability will be utilised to the fullest possible advantage. Write us to-d*y.—HAPGOODS, LTD., (Registered in Guernsey) 24s , Barton Arcade, Deansgats, Manchester.

nirpitulturai Probuct, Vltuttg, srt

101110LYaNTHWEL—Strong plenta, best mixed varieties, .f.O J. Is. Bd. free.—Vicaxacix, &lotion, Worksop.

it? ottso anb tanb on golde.

iflattlitierg, ttc

-VON SALE. 3-h.p. Combined Vertical ENGINE and Boiler In first-class emdition.—Apply W. FiTrite. Bridge' Foot, Warrincton.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

[FROM OEM LONDON CORRESPONDENT.]

An international situation charged with momentous possibilities made the occasion of the Prime Minister's Guildhall speech, in which, in accordance with a long- standing custom, he passed in survey our relations with the rest of the world, more than usually notable and impressive. And the speech, it has been admitted on all hands, was worthy of a high occasion. It was especially distinguished by that rare combina- tion of frankness with restraint which is the note of true statesmanship. The keenest critics of the Government's domestic legislation are ready now to acknowledge that the course of this country's external I policy, through a crisis of the utmost gravity, is being shaped by strong and skilful hands. how strange to-day appears what used, a few years ago, to be the standing plea of the Conservative Party, that whatever might be the shortcomings of a Conservative Govern. ment,it ought to be maintained in power, as only on that condition had we any guarantee that the foreign affairs of this country would be properly administered. Besides the tense expectancy which passing events in Europe have created, the business that has been transacting in Parliament seems very humdrum. The Committee stage of any Bill is apt to prove very laborious, if not dull. But an extended and complex measure like the LicenQing Bill involves untold labour to those who have to pilot it through Committee. Mr. Herbert Samuel, who was heartily congratulated from the Opposition benches on his elevation to the Privy Council, and the Solicitor-General thoroughly deserved the compliment paid by their opponents to the way in which they had conducted the Bill. The consideration of the Scottish Education and the Port of London Bills followed in the interval before the Report stage of the Licensing Bill. Mr. R.unciman laid before the Nonconformist members the terms of a compromise which was understood to have the approval of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and a resolution was passed by an overwhelming majority of the Nonconformist members promising support to the Government action on these lines. GREAT BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE DEFINED.

It would be futile to attempt to condense into a brief summary the wide range of international politics over which Mr. Asquith took his Guildhall audience. But the general effect was to define the attitude of the British Government towards three great questions : the re-affirmation of the public law of Europe, after its disturbance by recent events in the East; the rela- tions between the Great Powers, not only as affected by the Eastern crisis, but in their larger aspects • and the conditions and requirements of national defence. On the one hand, the Prime Minister was addressing himself to Continental opinion, and clearing away sus- picions and misunderstandings that have been born of idle rumour; on the other, he was administering a caution to public opinion at home against a harmful kind of speech and thought sometimes in vogue regarding the aims and ends that diplomacy ought to pursue, and he was giving the most weighty and explicit assurance that the supremacy of our Navy is ' being, and, while the present Government is in power, will always be fully maintained.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNSELFISH POLICY.

The Prime Minister has defined the attitude of Great Britain to the problems of the Near East with a precision that leaves no room for mistake. British policy has three unambiguous objects ; the assertion of public law in Europe, fair play for the new regime in Turkey, and such a readjustment as will afford adequate security for future peace. The British Government insists that to give validity to the altera- tions of the Berlin Treaty effected by what has taken place in Bulgaria, Bosnia, and Herzegovina, they must obtain the assent of the Powers, including Turkey, which are parties to that Treaty. But the Prime Minister stated emphatically that the British Government has no prejudice against or preference for any particular method by which a settlement may be reached. There has never, he declared, been even the shadow of a foundation for the suggestion that Great Britain has deprecated or discouraged direct negotiations between Turkey and Austria or Turkey and Bulgaria. The alterations of the Treaty of Berlin must, to have any , validity, receive the consent of all the parties to the Treaty. sre have taken our stand on the principle affirmed by the Powers at the London Conference of 1871, that international treaties cannot be altered by the act of one of the parties to them without the con- sent of all the rest. But if Turkey, which is the chief sufferer by the alterations, can arrive at a direct understanding with Bulgaria or A ustria, the way will be smoothed for a general settlement.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
NO ISOLATION OR HOSTILE GROUPING.

One of the happiest results of the Anglo-Russian agreement has been the frank and sympathetic discus- sion between the two contracting parties of the crisis which has arisen in the Near East, and they have been able to approach it from the same point of view. In the dissensions that are distracting Persia, Great Britain and Russia have been able to act together with the same harmony. But the Prime Minister addressed a warning to public opinion at home and an assurance to those Powers who might be in danger of misapprehending the aims of British policy, that this Government is as far as possible from wishing to see Europe divided into groups on the Near East ques- tion. We have found ourselves in complete sympathy with France, who is an ally of Russia, but we have been as frank with Germany and Italy, who are allies of Austria, as with France and Russia. There ought to be no talk, at such a time, of hostile groupings or rival combinations. It is the firm and unalterable resolve of the whole country not to fall short in any one of the special engagements which we have undertaken. But, at the same time, as the Prime Minister said " we shall not be reluctant to grasp any hand which is extended to us in goodwill and good faith"; and in this connection Mr.Asq4ith recalled the German Emperor's emphatic declaration at the Guildhall last year that the governing principle of his policy was the preservation of the peace of Europe and the maintenance of good relations between Germany and Great Britain. THE SUPREUACY OF OUR NAVY.

Is on this mistaken idea of a British policy of isolation, so in regard to national defence' the Prime Minister was speaking to a double audience ; an audience at home and abroad. It was not necessary to remind the British nation that upon our Navy we have to place our first and chief reliance, not only for the protection of our shores, but for the protection of our commerce and the sustenance of our people. Some of our foreign critics, however, forget this when they suspect aggressive purposes behind our insistence on the supremacy of our Navy. Mr. McKenna and Mr. Asquith were both equally clear and forcible upon the vital need of keeping this supremacy unimpaired, and upon the present adequatenese of the Navy for any responsibilites that could conceivably be thrown upon it.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
-MODIFICATIONS IN THE LICENSING BILL.

The Licensing Bill has received some important modifications during its passage through Committee. Some of these were effected by amendments at the time, others have been embodied and defined in amendments placed on the paper by the Government for the Report stage. A further period of seven years during which the monopoly value will not be taken on the renewal of a licence, has been added to the period of fourteen years during which compensation will be paid on reduction. The discretion of the licensing justices and the power of a two-thirds majority of the inhabitants in every parish and urban area to exercise local option, will be unfettered during the seven years period. But it will be a period of " rest " in as far as the obligation on the licensing justices to bring reduction up to a scheduled minimum will have been carried out by the end of the fourteen years. Conse- quently, there is a certain "expectancy" of renewal during the period of " rest " for those licences which survive the fonrteen years. Therefore, in fixing com- pensation for licences extinguished during the fourteen years period, an additional three years' value is to be added. Another concession was the abandonment of the proposal that licensing justices might make it a condition of renewal—under the existing law they may make it the condition of granting a new licence —that women should not be employed in the sale of liquor. One amendment extends the proposed restriction of Sunday opening to London, but-allows four hours in London as against three in the rest of England. Other amendments for the Report stage have proposed that public-housee alma' is closed

during Parliamentary elections; that a condition of renewal of licences may prohibit the sale of intoxicat- ing liquor before 8 a.m. ; that a court of summary jurisdiction, instead of the licensing justices, shall hear the annual claims of clubs for registration, and that registration shall be refused to the tied" clubs. THE PERSPECTIVE OF THE BILL.

It is desirable, after the mass of detail which tends to cover up the broad outlines of a measure daring discussion in Committee' to try to obtain a fresh perspective of the Bill. The backbme of the measure is, of course, the provision for recovering for the community full control of the drink traffic and possession of the monopoly value, and for making an effective reduction in superfluous licensed houses. At the same time, tho regulations for closing on Sunday and during elections constitute in themselves a distinct advance in temperance reform. The regulations with regard to clubs will effectually stop a possible loop- hole by which the evils against which the legislation in regard to public-houses is aimed might break out in another form. How unreal is the criticism which Hr. Balfour, as Leader of the Opposition, has directed against the Bill appeared at once when the legislative proposals against drinking-clubs were reached. He attacked legislation against the excessive number of public-houses and the lack of public control over them, because he maintained that such legislation would only foster the growth of drinking-clubs ; and then with bland disregard of consistency, he attacked the Government's legislative proposals to prevent the existence of clubs for the mere purpose of selling intoxicating liquor. It was only too clear that he had abdicated the functions of an honest critic, and was only holding a watching brief forthe brewers.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPARATIVE GROWTH OF TRADE.

Some remarkable statistics have been issued officially, showing the comparative growth of trade in Great Britain, Germany, and the United States. It has become quite a parrot-cry of Tariff Reformers that the British export of manufactured articles is fast declining through the influence of Free Trade. Well, the growth of these exports, as shown by a com- parison between 1900 and 1907, has been : in Great Britain, -113 millions of pounds sterling ; in the United States, 50 millions; and for Germany, fif) millions. If we take the proportion per head of population, we find that Great Britain's increase has been £2 4s. 2d. per head, for the United States 10s. 11d., and for Germany .-C:1 3s. 9d.

-

===== 0002601_19081114_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The Chinese are still steadily being repatriated, and 2,314 were sent back last month. The total number on the Rand is now only 12,317, the reduction since the high-water mark of January 1907 being 41,539. Indeed, if it had not been for the 16,000 permits for licences which were given out just before the present Government came into office there would be no Chinese coolies left at all in the mines. * * *

Old-age pensions are providing a real and greatly- appreciated boon to the poor and elderly. The War- rington Committee has passed 12,5 applications for the full pension of ss. and for several of smaller amounts. One curious point has arisen in respect of Co-operative Society dividends which the pension officer wished to reckon as income,but the local Com- mittee refused to accept this view, and the matter has been referred to the Local Government Board. Per- sonally, we think the Committee is in the right, and that it would be most unfair to penalise the thrifty co-operator. * * *

The question of the Warrington Board of Guardians' private fund account has slumbered so long that people were beginning to think that they had beard the last of it. At Wednesday's meeting, however, Mrs. Collingwood reminded the Guardians that the affair had not yet been cleared up, and plainly declared that she was not satisfied with the position as it stands at present. The Chairman apparently took alarm and hinted at going into committee, but a spirited protest by Miss Broadbent against the policy of " hushing up " appeared to convince the Board that the discus- sion ought to proceed in public. However, in the absence of full particulars, nothing further could be done, but the last has not been heard of the matter. * * *

In order to take a truly exalted view of mundane affairs it is as well to be a nobleman. Lord William Cecil has been writing to the " Times " in order to protest against " tho modern plan of employing clumsy, lower-class policemen to keep high-spirited gentlemen in order." The Oxford students have recently been indulging in the custom of letting off fireworks in the street and creating other disturbances which have resulted in police-court appearances. His Lordship plainly thinks that there should be one law for the rich and another for the poor, at any rate in Oxford, where high-spirited "young geatlemen " are prone to break it. * * *

Councillor Peacock's 'victory in Orford Ward and his bold defiance of the brewers have prompted that conglomeration of selfish interests known as the Tory party to endeavour to find some means of unseating. him. We hear that no stone has been left unturned in order to find evidence that some incautious worker for the successful candidate bribed a voter. Rumour has it that the witness has been found, but whether his word would carry weight in a Court of Justice is another matter. We also hear that the Liberals have been turning over a few stones in St. John's Ward and have made discoveries which justify them in promising that one petition will be followed by another. The game seems to be "You unseat our man, and we'll unseat yours," but it is hardly likely to be played to a finish.

** * • The cotton dispute came to an end on Friday and work began again on Monday, after a stoppage lasting seven weeks. We are very glad that the workmen have at last the good sense to recognise that they could not expect to win. Though we do nut want the settlement now arrived at treated as a victory for one party or a defeat for the other, there is no getting away from the simple fact that in order to avoid J per cent. reduction for two months the workpeople have lost seven weeks' full wages, and at the same time spent a large sum of their own accumulated funds. The resumption of work will avert what would rapidly have grown into a general industtial dislocation ía Lancashire. * * *

Possibly the most remarkable feature of Mr. Taft's career is the fact that the Presidency of the United States is practically the first representative office to which he has ever been elected or for which, indeed, he has ever been a candidate. The only previous occasion on which he has sought the votes of his fellow-citizens was in 1888, when he was chosen to continue for two years an Ohio judgeship which he had already been holding for a short time by the State Governor's appointment. He has never been a mem- ber of any legislative body, and the executive offices he has held, whether at home or in the Philipines, have all come to him by appointment, not by election. No recent President could parallel this record. Mr. Roosevelt sat for a term in the New York State Assembly, ran unsuccessfully for the Mayoralty of New York City, and was later elected to the State Governorship and the Vice-Presidency. IPKinley spent fourteen years in Congress, and was afterwards Governor of Ohio. Cleveland was holding the Governorship of New York State when nominated for the Presidency. * * *

The great tooth-brush question which has been agitating the minds of the Warrington Board of Guardians for some weeks, is at last settled. The children at the Padgate Homes are not to have tooth brushes. When the matter came before the Cottage Homes Committee at the instance of the Board, Mr. Mather, with rare humour, moved" That we proceed with the next business "and the majority of the com- mittee readily seized this way out of the difficulty. At the next meeting, however, Miss Broadbent again championed the tooth-brush cause and moved a resolu- tion that the necessary number of those useful— and one would have thought indespensable— articles be purchased. But the Committee wee obdurate and the proposal was defeated. Only a fortnight ago one enlightened Guardian predicted that a dozen cases of appendicitis would follow the introduction of tooth-brushes, and another member added that he had had appendicitis but never had a tooth-brush. These are the type of arguments which have convinced the Cottage Homes Committee that tooth-brushes are unnecessary, if not dangerous luxuries. It is no good reasoning with people of this kind, but if their teeth do not ache and drop out of their heads through neglect and deoay there is ao justice in the world.

' lady, ( - Mrs. Garrett Anderson, who has become the first Mayor in England, has been a pioneer in several fields. Her struggle for the admission of women to . the medical profession belongs to another generation in every sense of the words. It was in 1865 that the College of Surgeons and Physicians refused to admit lit*--, her to its examinations, and she was compelled five years later to obtain the licence of the Society of the Apothecaries, while her M.D. was taken in Paris. She was a suffragist, too, when the peesent generation 01 militants was unborn (adds the " Westminster Gazette "), and he has played a large part in the local affairs of Aldeburgh, of which she now becomes Mayor,

1

I

Coming Events. To-morrow will be observed as Missionary Sunday at the Wycliffe Congregational Church and the Preachers will be —morning, Rev. John Yonge ; evening, Rev. J. W. Clark (missionary from Central Africa). At an open meeting of the P.S.A. in the afternoon, Mr. J. Whalley, of Manchester, will speak. On Tuesday evening a public missionary meeting will be held under the presidency of Mr. E. J. Guest. The speakers will be—Miss Newell (from Samoa) and the Rev. J. W. Clarke. Under the auspices of the Warrington Co-operative Society, Mr. Barnish Barnsdale will give a miscel- laneous recital in Bold-street School on Thursday evening next. A mission will be conducted at Emmanuel Church from November 22nd to December 7th. The missioner will be the Rev. Dr. Morris. Full particulars of the services appear in our advertising columns. The Rev. Dr. Ballard will lecture at Bald street Wesleyan Church on Monday, the 23rd inst., on " Christianity and Socialism." The annual meeting of the Warrington District Nursing Association will be held at the Town Hall on Tuesday, the 24th inst. The annual juvenile ball in aid of the endowment of the children's cot at the Warrington Infirmary will be held on January sth next. The Backhans concert party, including the famous pianist himself, and Madame Ella Russeltavill give a concert in Parr Hall on Monday, November 30th. The Territorial Force. The 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment now numbers 29 officers and 669 non-commissioned officers and men. The establishment of the is battalion 1009. The total number of men furnished by Warrington up ti October 3lst, is 615. At a meeting of the West Lancashire Territorial Army Association, held at Liverpool on Thursday, it was stated that the rentals of the drill sheds and other premises retained as necessary amounted to £1,337. Concert at All Saints' Mission. A highly successful concert in aid of the benevolent fund in connection with the Bible class was given in All Saints' Mission on Monday evening. There was a large audience and the interesting programme sub- mitted was much enjoyed. The Rev. J. H. Bankes (curate-in-charge) presided. The items included songs by Miss J. Armstrong, Miss G. Povey, the Rev. J. H. Bankes, and Mr. Ti. Aukland, selections by the St. Paul's Quartette party, and oboe solos by Mr. Rush- worth. The comic element was provided by Mr. James Emson whose humorous songs created great merriment. High Sheriffs. On Thursday the following gentlemen were nonainated for the office of High Sheriff of Cheshire : Herbert Wheeler, Hind, of Over Leasowe, Bidston ; 2, Francis Aylmer Frost, of Grappenhall ; 3, John Brooks Close Brooks of Birtles Hall, Chelford. There were comparatively few substitutions to be made in the list for the various counties on which his Majesty the Ring will " prick " the names of those to serve Three names are submitted from each county, and the first on the list is generally that which his Majesty with a pointed instrument marks as the gentleman appointed by him for the ensuing year. Theft of a Coat. At the Borough Police Court on Wednesday, John Durkin, of no settled abode, was charged with stealing a coat valued at 16s. the property of Messrs. Hadwes, Bridge-street. The Chief Constable stated that the .- coat was seen safe by the assistant, hanging outside , the shop about six o'clock, but at 6.30 it was missed Information was given to the police, and P.C. Dawson arrested the prisoner at a lodging-house on Friars' Green where he was trying to dispose of the coat to the other lodgers.—Prisoner in response'to the charge, . said he was drunk when he did it.—He was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour. Oddfellovis' Social. The third annual social in connection with the Admiral Nelson Lodge of the Independent Order of , Oddfellows (Manchester Unity) was held in Cairo- - street schools on Tharsday evening and proved a t complete success. The attendance numbered about 250 and a very pleasant evening was spent in music ,1 and dancing, the proceedings being continued until twelve o'clock. Through the courtesy of Mr. G. D. : Bradbury. the manager of the Palace and Hippodrome, the assembly was favoured with three turns by artistes t appearing at that place of amusement which, needless to say, were highly appreciated. Daring the evening , light refreshments were served. Bakers at Tea. - The members of the Warrington Branch of the i Amalgamated Union of Operative Bakers and Con- fectioners held their fifth annual tea at the Lion Hotel ' On Saturday night, when over 100 sat down to an ' ileoardce.llent repast supplied by Mr. John Lee, the land- Mr. W. H. Carr (district chairman) presided, and amongst those present were Messrs. Bentley (President of the Union), J. Jenkins (general secretary), ..:S 7 . Rathbone (district secretary), V. J. Helford (dis- .r ict delegate), J 7 Bate (chairman of the branch), J. 11 oward (branch treasurer), H. Hickinbottom (branch aecretary), Councillor Steel (solicitor to the branch) f, and Mr. J. Willett. After tea a smoking concert was .nelcl and various toasts were honoured. Warrington Game Trespassers' Fined. ,At Dareslanry Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Peter ; la a‘owson, 26, Bowes-street, Warrington, pleaded not Euilty to being on land at Moore in search of game. -Ernest Harold Long, game-keeper, employed by Sir Richard Brooke, gave evidence to the effect that he heard shots and afterwards saw defendant with a gun. a appeared to be searching for game, but when 'witness appeared he made his es cape in a boat in Irhich were two other men. One of the other men said to witness, "If you don't go back I will blow a hole through you." The men rowed across the river and got ashore. Defendant who denied that he had done any shooting last season, appealed to the Bench to postpone the case. He said the guilty man the Previous night promised to attend Court, but he had oot done so. Roovson's father gave evidence to the Cleat that on the date in question his son was bedfast. The Bench said they considered the case proved. Defendant had a black record and he would be fined ;.:,1 10s. and costs.—At the same Court, John Skelhorn, lodging in Friars-green, Warrington, was charged +2- with having been suspected of corning from land where he had been unlawfully in search of game at - Ik.ton Grange, and having in his possession eighteen trabbits. Defendant pleaded guilty, and said he was really hard up or he would not have gone on the land. : 11° was fined 10s. and costs, and the netting, &c., r l',T.ere confiscated. ' 'sand of Hope Meeting at Latchford. Latchford Baptist Band of Hope held their second Public meeting on Thursday at Wash-lane Chapel, and With the kindly help of the president of the Band of 13aPe Union, Mrs. Dodds, and the willing assistance of 1300k1ey-street Band of Hope, a very good and enjoy. able programme was rendered. The address of Mrs. odds was one neither workers nor children will forget. She said we are making history and Latch- ford Band of Hope boys and girls will be able to say that a a . t; they started their Band of Hope in the year the tacensing Bill was passed. To the boys Mrs. Dodds °idi Boys do the best you can, remain true to your Pledge;e, it is a nice thing to belong to a football ~441) and a cricket club, but better to belong to a Band of Hope. It is a fight for temperance now. At °lle time teetotalers were thought peculiar beings but rW, we admire boys and girls who have the courage ~,„° saY no. The other part of the programme was .....-sniposed of solos, recitations and dialogues which wet.. 0 d ,a, much appreciated. Reggie Grounds highly ce,oglited the audience with his recitation "A l!anoPion," also Miss Kudmore with her recitation t -Lancashire." The dialogue "Sign the pledge e?ight" by 13 girls from Buckley-street Band of 11.icte also one by seven boys of the Latchford Band of and " Little Bessie, a dialogue given by three members, were warmly applauded. Others !'d Grace part, to whom praise is due, are Misses Muriel Vlc,i Grace Matthews, Master W. Wilkinson, Emily ka_le, Emily Adams E. Smith, Nellie Gamble and It Richardson. The programme ended with a tue dialogue entitled " The teetotal barber" given by tickle Y-street Dialogue Party. This was a grand aue eess and made a splendid finish to the evening's t„ "lertainment.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

1

- -

11. 0 , Alki

===== 0002601_19081114_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081114_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, November 14, 1908.

A Lymm Man's Adventure. The loss of a bag of gold, with £.13, by John Scott living at Lymm, was the subject of a prosecution before the Manchester Stipendiary Magistrate on Thursday. A young man named Charles Gordon, of Dyke-street, Rochdale-road, was charged with stealing it. Scott alleged that he was in Dyke-street on November 4th, on his way to see a friend, when a woman called him into a house. Directly he got inside, the woman put her hand into his coat pocket, and relieved him of his bag, with the money it con- tained. The woman and the prisoner together the- threw him into the street and closed the door to pre vent his return. He informed a policeman,who went to the house, only to find that the woman and tho money had disappeared. Subsequently Gordon was arrested at Bury. Gordon was remanded. Backhaus Concert. • •

Warrington will be favoured with a visit on Monday, the 30th inst., of the Backhaus concert party including two world-renowned artists —Backhaus, one of the greatest pianists of the day, and Madame Ella Russell, the celebrated prima donna. Backhaus is making a tour round the world next year, and this will be his last visit to England for some considerable time. He has not only captivated London by his wonderful playing and magnetic powers, but he has a world-wide reputation. Madame Ella Russell, who now resides in Italy, is visiting England expressly for this tour, and will sing a specially attractive pro- gramme. In every branch of her art —opera,oratorio, or the concert platform —she is equally delightf Seats may be booked and tickets obtained at M. R. H. Pearson's music warehouse, 75, Bridge street.

Warrington Bridge and its History. An illustrated lecture entitled "A History of Warrington Bridge" was delivered before the mem- bers of the Warrington Literary and Philosophical Society on Monday by Mr. Charles Madeley, the director of the Museum. Ur. Madeley dealt in an interesting way with the first Warrington Bridge, the date of the erection of which is unknown but which was referred to at so early a date as 1301. A second bridge took its place about 1304 but this also had completely disappeared in 100 years from its con- struction. For more thsti 30 years there was no bridge and it seemed to be nobody's business to pro- vide one. They came now to the event which bulked so large in the traditional history of Warrington—the building of the bridge, often splken of as the first bridge, by the Earl of Derby in 1495. Mr. Madeley gave an interesting description of the old bridge and the historical scenes it witnessed, and made reference to its successors. He had no details as to the erection of the present bridge, but it was opened in Ig3i.

got. The penalty was severe, but it was neeessary that the defendant should be made an example of. Any attempt at buying the treachery of a professional footbiiller should be put down with a strong hand. All credit to Todd and Johnston, the New Zealanders for their manly conduct in the matter.

The League table, including Saturday's results, is as follows :

Ao%t

P. W. L. D. G. 71'7 P. G. T. r.rentage Oldham 9 9 0 0 33 43 195 6 6 30 10000 Wigan ll 10 1 0 46 58 220 15 14 72 90.90 Halifax 9 8 1 0 23 37 157 6 11 45 88,88 WaketrldT 9 7 1 1 21 42 174 13 13 65 83.33 Hunslet 8 6 1 1 16 25 110 8 11 45 81.25 Runcorn 9 7 2 0 11 24 103 14 12 61 7777 Keighley 9 6 2 1 21 35 155 13 20 85 72.22 Leigh lO 7 3 0 22 23 113 16 11 65 70.00 Ebbw Vale 10 6 3 1 13 31 128 17 24 106 65.00 Salford 8 5 3 0 20 16 83 19 20 98 62•50 Batley H'dderaldll G 4 1 21 32 138 21 22 108 59.09 Hull 12 7 5 0 31 40 188 18 23 129 53.33 Swinton —l2 G 6 0 19 20 93 15 21 102 50.00 Broght'n R 9 4 4 1 20 20 100 16 23 101 5000 Hull K.R. 9 4 4 1 30 30 150 25 24 122 53.01 Dewsbury 9 4 5 0 17 17 85 20 21 103 4440 Merthyr 'l' 9 4 5 0 15 21 93 27 22 120 44.41 Leeds Treherbert 8 3 5 0 9 9 43 7 20 71 37.50 Warring'n 10 3 0 1 18 13 90 18 22 102 35.00 St. Helens 9 3 6 0 21 25 117 26 39 142 33.33 Bradford 9 3 6 0 21 27 123 27 29 141 33.33 Barrow lO 3 7 0 14 12 61 21 34 148 30.00 Widnes 9 2 6 1 12 15 69 17 21 97 27.77 Mid- Rh'da 8 2 6 0 9 12 54 16 22 98 25.00 Barry Rochdale H 9 1 8 0 5 9 37 17 23 91 11.11 13ramley 9 1 8 0 13 11 59 34 60 243 11.11 York Aberdare 8 0 8 0 5 G 28 30 46 198 00.00

===== 0002601_19081114_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BIRREWS VISIT TO

WARRINGTON.

The Right Hon. Augustine Birrell, K.C., Chief Secretary for Ireland, will address a meeting in the Parr Hall, Warrington, on Saturday, the 28th inst., under the auspices of the Warrington Liberal Associa- tion. The meeting is being looked forward to with keen interest and there will doubtless be a crowded and enthusiastic gathering. Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., will be present.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD-AGE PENSIONS.

Important Point Raised at Warrington.

A meeting of the Warrington Old Age Pensions Com- mittee was held at the Town Hall on Thursday after- noon under the presidency of the Mayor (Alderman Forshaw.) The total number of claims dealt with was NO, and the Committee granted 120 pensions of ss. each and a few of smaller amounts, and adjourned other applications for further consideration at the next meet- ing, on December Bth. In one CRSO an important point was raised. The pen.ion officer had included in the income of an appli- cant the amount received as dividend on purchases from the Co-operative Society, but the committee declined to regard such dividend as income,and awarded the applicant the full pension. Tl officer will report r the disagreement to the Local Government Board, who will decide the appeal. Applications were received from various friendly socie- ties in the town for representation on the committee. We understand that the committee having decided not to appoint sub-committees, but to undertake the duties of the Act themselves, cannot now co-opt outside mem- bers as the Act provides that the number on the Pension Committee shall not exceed the number of the appointing Council. Most of the members were strongly of opinion that they were quite capable of looking after the interests of the friendly societLis in common with those of the other inhabitants of the town.

BRASS AND COPPER HEARTH SUITES, see window display for new and artistic patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. A Child's Death Mr. F. A. Jones held an inquest at Warrington on Tuesday on the body of Richard Stephen Forrest, 12 months old,son of Charles Forrest, a general labourer, living at 2, Morris-court.—The father of the child, Charles Forrest, stated that his wife was not a sober woman, and had been turned out of several houses. In September last the child was taken ill with diarrhcea and vomiting, and was removed to the Infirmary. In October witness's son was locked up for stealing, and he said that he had been sent out by his mother to steal. When remonstrated with, she went away, taking the now deceased child and another child with her. Inspector Cox said he had had the case under observa- tion for a lone' time, and he had repeatedly warned the mother as to her treatment of her child which was quite healthy when born. One of the children had told him that on Thursday last she and her mother walked all the way from Wigan. —Dr. Ilodgkinson, who had made a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased, said he was of opinion that the child had probably been neglected, but he was not in a position to say that the neglect had hastened death. The jury returned a verdict accordingly, the foreman adding that the woman deserved to be censured for her conduct to the child. Inspector Cox: The case will be reported to the society. —The Deputy Coroner said he understood that the mother had disappeared, and that no one knew where she had gone. The father had not a penny with which to bury his child, and he had decided to allow him £2 out of the Coroner's poor box. The Late Mr. FL C. Kite.—Concert at the Parr Hall. On Saturday evening last a concert was given in the Parr Hall, under the auspius of the L. and N.-W. Railway Temperance Uuion, with the object of raising a sum of money in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr. H. C. Kite (formerly secretary of the Warrington Branch of the Society natned)who,it will be remembered, died in the Warrington Infirmary after an operation last June. The Committee respon- sible for the concert were fortunate in securing the services of four of the students from the Royal Academy of Music (London), viz. : Miss Molly Hick (soprano), Miss May Head (contralto), Miss Blanche Russell (violinist) and Miss Bessie Grindley (pianist), and also Mr. Stanley Harrison (bass) and Mr. A. C. Harris (elocutionist) both of London, together with Mr. Bert. Wallace (tenor) of Chester and the Warring- toe Apollo Male Voice Quartette. Each of the vocalists possesses a voice of fine quality, and, this combined with the finished performance of their respective songs, won the warm appreciation of the audience. In her playing of the violin, Miss Russell showed much taste and refinement, and Miss Grindley in addition to fulfilling the duties of accompanist with skill and judgment, contributed three p'anoforte solos in a style which proclaimed her an artiste of no mean order. Mr. Harris gave two recitations, his " Love in a Balloon " particularly pleasing the audience. A humorous duet was also rendered by Messrs. B. Wallace and G-. Miller, and they, like the rest of the -- artistes, bad to respond to an encore. The local Male 1 " HILL A,LIFFE AND SToCKTON HEATII UNITED BIND Quartette party sang with a taste that did credit to OF HOPE.—The Rev. J. S Hughes presided at the sdcond themselves, arid the tone, blend and balance were all concert of the session which was held in Providence that could be wished for. On the whole, the concert Schoolroom on Monday evening. The first part of the was a rare musical treat, and worthy of a much larger proceedings consisted of a magic lantern entertainment, audience than had gathered to eajoy the proceedings. , given by Mr. Arthur Mounfleld. A number of temper- ance stories were read by Mr. Mounfield and illustrated PUBLic BENEFIT Boor Co.—Sale of Surplus Stock I on the sheet. "The news boys' debt" was ably recited now on. UNDER THE CLocx.—Advt. Iby Miss Emma Hamblett, the pictures illustrated being ir much appreciated. The Chairman gave a short address Magistrates' Tributes to the Ex-Mayor. to the children in which he appealed to them not to Testimony to the valuable services which the stain tbeir character, after which songs were given by ex-Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) nag rendered as a Elsie Whitfield, Francis Gamble, Edith Hamblett and magistrate was borne by several of his fellow justices Minnie Mounfield, which were much enjoyed, and at the conclusion of the ordinary business at the recitations were c e contributedrtiec"-ffßee Reggie gAiicGerolleEilewratride Police Mart on Monday morning. Mr. Wm. Roberts Nic'hoills, and Maud Kirkland. The event of the evening said that that was the last occasion they would have was the humorous dialogue, "Miss Barton's troubles the pleasure of seeing Alderman Smethurst in the with her domestics" which was exceedingly well given chair as chief magistrate of the borough. They very by the following members : —lalisses A. Mounfield, F. much regretted that that was so because it had been a Harablett, R. Perrin, E. Julian; and Messrs. H. Perrin, great pleasure to all his brother magistrates to sit in J. Lloyd and A. \Vhitley. Mr. G. A. Whitfield acted as his company on the Bench. He (the speaker) was not organist and accompanist. an old magistrate, but throughout his Worship's A DANGEROUS DOG.—At Daresbury Petty Sessions mayoralty they had looked upon his presence with on Tuesday, Thomas Smith, 8, Warburton-street, extreme satisfaction. The• Mayor had tempered justice Stockton not tenkteh was summoned for having t a idanis.earnoiteil ploryproor trheconoroo with mercy, and they parted with him as Mayor with Bagrker, roadm'anpilongthe em corn Rural great regret. They hoped he would be spared for District Council, stated that he was brushing behind many years to enjoy a well-earned rest. No Mayor Warburton-street on October 27th, when defendant's had retired from office with such affectionate regard dog rushed out of the yard and bit him on the leg. He from every man, woman, and child in the borough. showed defendant's father the place where the dog had (Hear, hear.) Councillor Evans, Councillor Wilkinson, bitten him and, he said it was an old wound.—P.C. Mr. W. Furness, Mr. G. Pilling and Mr. G. F. F. Barber said defendant admitted the dog had previously bitten a man named Clare, who came into the yard with White (magistrates' clerk), also spoke in similar terms. oil.—The Bench ordered the defendant to destroy the —The Mayor, in reply, said he was very much obliged dog within 12 hours and to pay the crsts. to the speakers for the kind words which had been , I used with regard to him. As the magistrates had I said, he had always endeavoured to temper justice 1 with mercy, and it had been a great deal of pain to "MORE HEAVENS THAN ONE" is the title of him to have had at times to inflict severe punishments. the handsome coloured plate centre-piece to the He thanked the magistrates, the Magistrates' Clerk, " LIVERPOOL SVEKKLY Posr " Sheet Almanac for 1909, and the Cbief Constable and his staff for their kind 1 which is to be given Free with the "WEEKLY Post" of Next Saturday, November 21 It is the best yet ness to him. He congratulated the Court upon the issued, and is already in immense demand. Order respect shown by the public to the magistrates by your copy to-day. The same issue will contain two , standing when the magistrates entered the Court. new serials, and an offer of £5O a week in cash prizes That had been done ever since he had been Mayor, for the ever popular zeg-zig Game. No entrance and he hoped it would be continued. (Hear, hear and fees.—Advt. applause.) For all Chronio Chest Complaints, take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is. lid., 2s. 9d.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR.

Congratulations at ths Pollee Court.

I The new Mayor of Warrington (Alderman W. J. Forshaw) made his first appearance on the Bench at the ' Police Court yesterday morning, and received a warm welcome from the local solicitors who had assembled in large numbers. Mr. W. 11. J. Jenkins, on behalf of his colleagues, offered their sincere congratulations to the Mayor on the attainment of the highest horour it was in their power as citizens to bestow upon him. His training would enable him to act with right discrimin- ation, and he hoped he would be blessed with wisdom Ito hold the scales of justice with equal poise. So far his private life was concerned, they sincerely trusted that all the duties which His Worship had to perform ' might leave behind them nothing but pleasureable thoughts to himself and his family. I The Mavou thanked Mr. Jenkins very cordially for his kindly congratulations and good wishes. He took it as a great compliment that his legal brethren had ' assembled in such large numbers to offer him their con- gratulations. If he had their support, he would feel greatly encouraged in fulfilling the trying and difficult duties attaching to that important office. He promised all who practised in that Court, that as far as he was • concerned, they would have a patient and fair hearing in any oases which came before him and he would also endeavour to execute justice with mercy and to main- tain truth. In conclusion His Worship said he would , like to see more esprit de corps in the profession and he thought if a local Law Society were formed it might bring that end about. Such a Society would have his best support.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
MAYOR'S SUNDAY.

The Mayor will attend Diviue service at the Parish Church to-morrow (Sunday) morning, accompanied by the members of the Corpor ttion and prominent towns- men. The procession will lewe the 'rown Hall at ton o'clock. In order to mark his associAtion with the Blue Coat School, his Worship will attend service in the Blue Coat Chapel in the evening.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. " By—Kraiist."

TO-DAY'S MATCH WITH AUSTRALIA.

The great match with the " Kangaroos" will take place to-day and should attract a fine crowd. It will be remembered that last December the A.ll Blacks of New Zealand were here and after a great match were defeated by 8 points to 7. Warrington should have a fair chance of repeating that performance to-day, though they will find the Australians a difficult lot to shake off. They are very fast both forward and back, and now that their combination has improved they are little inferior to the famous MI Blacks. Unfortunately Messenger who did such wonderful goal-kicking when last here, will be an absentee through an injured leg. This improves Warrington's chances, but it will be no surprise if they are beaten. The Kangaroos' feat at rfunslet last Saturday was one no team in the Union could have achieved.

Barring Messenger the visitors will be at full strength—including the young kangaroo, who travels as the mascot of the tourists. The selected side is: Full-back : stones. lbs. Bolewski Three-quarters : Bailey Devereaux Morton l2 3 Frawley

Half-backs : . Holloway Deana Forwards : Burdon l3 0 Davies Abercrombie O'Malley • 11 5 Graves Walsh

The Warrington team will be : Full back : Stone. lb. _ H. J. Tilley ll 8

_ Three-quarters: J. Fish G. Dickenson I. Taylor ll 10 L. Troharne lO 8 Half backs : E. Brookes J. Jenkins lO 10 Forwards: A. Boardman P. Boardman G. Thomas W. O'Neil l3 7 W. H. Dowell l3 4 J. W. Cheaters

This is about the best side the Club can command, and if anything like last week's form is maintained, should give a good account of itself. Much satisfac- tion will be felt that Dickenson is fit, and the appear- ance of Treharne on the wing should also arouse interest.

The following is the Kangaroos' war cry : Wallee Ifullara Choomooroo ting-al, nth ! Nab Nab ! Nab ! Canai, Barrang, Warrang, Warrang, Yallah, Yallah, Yallah, Yallah, Ah ; Jaleeba booga boorooloong, Yarnah meei, meei, meei, Neeyarra, Weyarra, Jaleeba, Cahwoon, Cooeewah, Cooeewall, warr, wooh TII.NSLITION : We are a race of fighters, decended from the war gods, Beware ! Beware I Beware ! Beware! Where we fight there will be bloodshed; Go! Go! Go! Go! We are powerful but, merciful, are you friends ? good, good, The Kangaroo is dangerous when at bay ; Come on, Come on, to death. --- Following the match the teams will b., entertained to tea by the Warrington Club at the Lion Hotel, at 5.30, afterwards attending the first " house " at the Hippodrome.

Warrington have an excellent chance of reaching' the semi-finals for the Lancashire cup. Their victory in the first round at St. Helens on Saturday was ;pined in brilliant style, and the team showed signs of having come into form at last. They have not had the luck. to be drawn at home even in the second round, but they should be equal to beating Swinton on any ground, even though the " Lions " did defeat the Wirepullers by 5 points to 3 early in the season. Warrington are always about twenty-five per cent, better in a cup-tie and I do not recollect them ever being beaten by Swinton in a knock-out contest.

The draw for the second round of the Lancashire Cup is as follows : Swinton v. Warrington Oldham v. Rochdale Hornets Leigh v. Wigan Barrow v. Runcorn. To be played on November 21st.

There must have been some unbelieving faces at Wilderspool when the half-time message arrived. It is certainly not usual for Warrington to score 18 points in the first half of a match away from home, and this season in particular such feats have seemed quite beyond them. On form it looked likely that St. Helens would secure the verdiet,though I ventured to predict last Saturday that if Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Brooks displayed their old form, Warring- ton would win. This is just what happened. The absentees all found their feet at once with the result that the couple of hundred supporters from Warring- ton were treated to a display which was like balm of Gilead to their despondent souls. After all,Warrington had not forgotten the finer arts of football. The way they scored 2 goals 5 tries before the interval quite flabbergasted the St. Helens folk, who had anticipated an afternoon's entertainment of another kind. St. Helens were quite out-classed and could rarely struggle to half-way, while the Warrington combination fare and aft was brilliant.

It cannot be contended with justice that Dickenson, Taylor, and Fish are "done." They appeared to be going backwards in the early part of the season, but training has worked wonders. Fish is still the best left wing in the Union when the mood takes him and his feet are not clogged by inattention to training. If he would only get about 141bs of that superfluous fat off, he would Boon be dazzling the eye of the crowd as of yore. It was remarkable how well he ran on Saturday, and to score three tries was no mean feat. As a matter of fact he crossed the St. Helens lino on five occasions, twice being adjudged off-side, and the way he made rings round Th.nchester didn't half suit the local enthusiasts. If Jack will just make the necessary effort he will earn further honours and perhaps get the benefit which he had almost forfeited his claim to. Even the New Zealand trip is not out of his reach. All he has to do is cast a smaller shadow when the sun shines, and score a try or two each week.

Dickenson played fine football at centre and in addition to serving Fish well he scored the try of the day in masterly fashion under the posts. It was a great pity that his weak knee caused him to retire five minutes after the interval. The captaincy has brought the lengthy George little luck this seasin. Taylor also seemed more like himself, though not as fast as he should be. On the defence he and Tilley were great. Brooks made a wonderful difference behind the pack even as scrum worker, and Jenkins gave one of his cleverest displays. A word of praise is due to the forwards who quite outplayed the St. Helens six. The young ones, P. Boardman, Cheaters and Hewitt, were the best of the bunch. St. Helens played a very ragged game, but they have a young player on the left, Flannagan, who shaped like a coming star. He has speed, pluck and trickiness. Bradshaw found him rather a handful.

Brooks should know something about the "Kangaroos "by the end of the month. In addition to to-day's match, he will play against them at Everton on Wednesday the 18th, for the League team, and on Wednesday the 25th at Wigan for Lancashire. The full teams are given in another column. ' The case of attempting to bribe Todd and Johnston to " lose " the Wigan— flunslet match has ended disastrously for the tempter. Edward Croston, a Wigan coal-dealer, was on Wednesday sent to gaol for two months' hard labour under the Bribery and Corruption Act, and in my opinion he deserved al'. he

OUGHT ITo USE GLASSES.—In order to answer this question it is necessary to test the sight. This is done and all information given willingly.—JOllNSTON WATSON, EYESIGHT TESTING RoOIIS, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. Prices including testing : steel spectacles from 2s. Gd., Rolled Gold from is. 6., Solid Gold from 21s.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
For Children's tacking Cough at night, Wood's Grent Peppermint Cara. is. 1). 2s. °l.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Hockey.

Latchford defeated Widnes last week by 3-1. The game was of a fast and strenuous nature and there was little to choose between the two sides. The score at the interval was 1-1, and afterwards Banks obtained the lead for the home team after some clever passing and later on Parker scored the third goal from a good follow up.

The second teams met at Widnes, and Latchford won 2-1 after a grim struggle. The result was quite satis- factory as the visitors had not a very strong team and the ground was all agiinst fast hockey. Booth scored both goals for Latchford.

To-day the First Eleven meet Sale Moor at Sale with the following team :—W. Unsworth, goal ; Wilkinson, T. Dixon, backs ; D. Travis,J. B. Wilkinson, J. Albinson, halves ; F. Newell, H. Parker, H. Scott, E. Banks, W. Brown, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. B. Cobb. Train leaves Arpley Station 1.14 p.m.

The Second Eleven play Mr. Wilkinson's eleven with the following :—J. Appleton, goal ; S. R. Rumviey, L. Eenworthy, backs ; A. Newton, A. Knight, F. Tole, halves; F. Dunn, R. Jones, H. Booth, W. EL Minards, C. Hackney, forwards. Bully-off 3 p.m.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

On Thursday evening, the Warrington Musical Society gave its first concert of the season. The programme included Barnett's "Ancient Mariner " and a miscellaneous second part. Coleridge is perhaps the most =sleet of English poets, and there is a harmony and a swing about his " Ancient Mariner " which make it peculiarly adaptable to Datleic. Take for instance the lines : "And now 'twas like all instruments Now like a lonely flute ; And now it is an angel's song, That makes the Heavens be mute." The words alone conjure up the spirit of music in a way that has never been surpassed in poetry, and with the accompaniment of Barnett's musical interpreta- tion, the effect is irresistible. Throughout the poem we continually com...e across these wonderful word pictures with their masterly musical rendering. Mr. William Waite (bass) took the character of the Ancient Mariner, and Mr. john Bardsley (tenor) per- sonated the Wedding Guest. Other parts of the poem wore sung as solos too. Miss Lillie Wormald gave a very admirable rendering of those lines : "The fair breeze blew, the white foam flew, The furrow followed free : We were the first that ever burst Into that silent sea" and Madame Amy Dewhurst,who possesses a contralto voice of unusual depth and fulness, sang most taste- fully in those lines beginning: "Oh sleep! it is a gentle thing." The bridal chorus was sung with effect by female voices only. In this and one other female chorus the ladies of the Society distinguished themselves. There was perhaps only one weak point in the chorus, and this showed itself in the finale, in which the tenors seemed not quite up to the mark. The second part of the programme, which was of a miscellaneous character, included an overture by Mozart which was admirably rendered by the Society's Orchestra. Miss Lillie Wormald followed with " Ardon gl' incense" from the mad scene in .` Lucia di Lammermoor," with flute obbigato by Mr. Lingard. This song, with its recurring trills is a very difficult one to ' render, and Miss Lillie Wormald's vocal powers were admirably displayed. The item MIS much l'appreciated by the audience. Mr. John Bardsley ' came next with a Flower Song by Bizet. His render- ing was most sympathetic and dramatic, and he responded to an encore with another love song. Madame Dewhurst then sang "Ah ! figliol " by Meyerbeer and met with much applause. She sang another Italian song as an encore. Mr. William Waite relieved the sentimentality of the pro- gramme by an up-to-date military song, "Le Tambour , Major," demonstrating the triumphs of a Drum Major with the fair sex. He too was encored and sang a droll song in which he showed himself a master of humorous facial contortions. The concert ended up with a Polonaise of Glinkrt's for chorus and orchestra. It was sung with much sympathy and enthusiasm. ! Warrington is indeed to be congratulated on the whole performance. One seldom comes across such a very successful and largely amateur orchestra as that which Mr. Crossley has conducted for so many ' years, and its rendering of the" Ancient Mariner ' was a distinctive achievement as far as the instru- mental support to the chorus was concerned. One felt, however, that in the solo parts it was a little too loud. Altogether the concert was much appreciated by the audience, which was fairly large, and would in all probability have been larger but for the fact that there were other public engagements in the town the same evening. PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

There is quite a miniature musical comedy on the Hippodrome stage this woek,when Ur. H trry Roxbury presents "The Cowboy Millionaire " with the famous comedian Tubby Edlia ia the title role. It is a rollicking, go-ahead extravaganza with Edlin on the stage nearly the whole time. He has the audience in roars of laughter, and is well-backed up by Mr. Roxbury as Major Titus Blazes and a strong company. The other turns are generally of a high class character. Moray Cash, the popular comedian, gets a great reception with his character songs, chief among which is the old favourite " Bed bed, beautiful bed." Elmo and Rego provide some original acrobatic funniosities in a turn of real merit. They are ttvo of the smartest tumblers and knock- abouts we have seen for some time. A unique enter- tainment is given by Burnetti. He not only plays excellently on many instruments, but impersonates artistes like Van Biene, Chirgwin and others. Even as a quick change artiste he would excel. Maggie Bowman and Tom J. Ilorton present a smart comedy duologue entitled " She loved a policeman." Both possess originality and keep the audience smiling happily while the duologue proceeds. Ilaston, the Yorkshire mimic, also meets with success with his droll narratives and clever farmyard imitations. Stidder arid Dunbar appear in a musical comedy turn, introducing some clever 'cello variations. Mr. Widdop's orchestra delights the house with excellently played selections from grand opera, and the biograph pictures illustrate life in the remote Isle of Skye. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week the great attraction will be Herbert Clifton who recently, after severe tests, had his voice insured for £l,OOO. He will provide a most inter- esting turn which cannot fail to please. Another novel feature will be Clown Barker and his relined comedy animal act, assisted by Miss Rozsika. The entertain- ment will also be taken part in by :—Minnie Kirby, comedienne; W. H. Downs, Australian ballad vocalist; Willie and Johnnie, coloured acrobats and hand balancers ; Pop Dearly, the new style comedian and dancer ; Dave O'Toole, comedian (Edith Chantler, juvenile soprano.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Curacies. The Bishop of Liverpool has licensed the following clergy to curacies : —Rev. J. W. Glendenning, M.A., to St. Barnabas', Warrington ; Rev. T. W. Griffiths, 8.A., to St. Thomas', Ashton-in-Makerfiehl ; Rev. G. Walmsley to St. Paul's, Widnes. " Y " Branch N B.W.T.A. On Wednesday evening in the Silver-street Girls Club a White Ribbon Band was formed which will be affiliated to the Warrington "Y ' Branch. A White Ribbon Band is a band of girls in a factory, laundry or club who have signed the pledge and are united for the purpose of stimulating their own interest i and that of others n the Temperance Cause. These bands have been formed in many large towns and it is hoped that our Warrington band will prove as suceessful as others have been. Miss Florence Beswick was elected President of Silver-street White Ribbon Band, and after her address explaining why this band was formed, and its work, forty-seven pledges were taken by her and several "Y "members. During the evening hymns were sung and a solo 'Hiding in Thee" was sung by Annie Creaghan. SALE Now ON. UNDER THE CLOCK. Surplus Stock of Boots and Shoes.—Advt. Warrington Girl Found Drowned. Mr. F. A.. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at the Police Station on Tuesday, concerning the death of Gertrude Litherland, 15 years of agc., sten-daughter of William Bridge, 39, Hopwood-street, who mysteri- ously disappeared from home on Friday, October 30th. —The evidence was to the effect that deceased left home at 8.20 on the morning of October 30th, pre- sumably to do some cleaning at a house where she had been employed. She did not return, and informa- tion was given to the police. It was found that the 'girl had been discharged from her situation in Brick- ' street. She tried to pawn a brass ring at Messrs. Jackson's pawnshop in Church-street, ,but they would not accept it without an explanation from her mother, and nothing more was seen of the girl until her body was recovered from the Mersey on Tuesday morning by William Henry Sloane, 23, Back Crossley-street, who was at work `on a dredger.—Detective Woolla- cott said deceased's clothing had been torn by the passing boats. Nothing was found in the pockets, and there were no marks of violence on the body.—The jury returned a verdict of " Found drowned= Institute of Journalists. A quarterly meeting of the Liverpool District of the Institute of Journalists was held in the Liverpool Press Club, on Wednesday evening, Ur. T. Weston (chairman of the Warrington Sub-District) presiding. As one of the district delegates, the Chairman gave a review of the proceedings at the Manchester Confer- ence, and reported as to the result of the recommenda- tions made by the district on the questions discussed there. It was unanimously resolved to support the Inomination of Mr. Arthur Spurgeon, F.J.1., of Plymouth, as president of the Institute for the present year in succession to Mr. Woolacott, resigned. Mr. A. H. Ward-Jones was reappointed group representa- tive on the council, and was also elected to represent the Liverpool District with the North and East Lancashire District on the Orphan Fund Committee. The meeting considered a suggestion from the central office that the district should contribute towards a fund to meet the expense of taking actuarial advice for the preparation of a scheme of sick and unemploy- ment benefits, and the hon. secretary was instructed to reply to the effect that as the Liverpool District had favoured a compulsory saheme, and as the con- ference had decided on a voluntary scheme, the district did not feel inclined to make any such con- tribution.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
fT:

===== 0002601_19081114_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.•• - -

===== 0002601_19081114_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081114_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES..

WIDNES MAYORALTY.

lAt a special meeting of the Widnes Towa Council on Monday, Councillor Tom Smith was unanimously elected mayor of Widnes, upon the proposition of I Alderman W. W. Gossage, seconded by Alderman J. W. Waring. The selection of a councillor to fill this dignified position is the first time in eke history of the borough. Besides holding the position of chief magis- trate, he is chairman of the Prescot Board of Guardians. WIDNES ROAD TROUBLE. For over a week Widnes people have been greatly inconvenienced by the closing of Ditton-road, the main thoroughfare to Liverpool, in consequence of a dispute between the Hutchinson trustees and the Widnes Cur poration. The trustees claim to own the road. On INfonday the road was opened again without prejudice to any litigation, which might arise, or to the cost of making it.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL FALL FROM A W kREHOUSE.

lAt Runcorn Docks on Monday morning, George Langley, of Ashridge-street, Runcorn, warehouseman, fell from one of the bays of the china clay warehouse on to the quayside. lie alighted on his head, and expired almost immediately. ; The inquest was held at Runcorn on Wednesday evening. A youth named Arthur Kearsley, a crane- driver, said Langley was standing on the platform of the warehouse and leaned over to put the catch of the tub on, when ho fell head first from the edge of the platform. Witness said Langley did not give any signal to lower the tub, and he simply swung the crane when he thought Langley had finished.—The Coroner said the method of lowering the tub should not be left to the option of the cranedriver, and added that there was something lax about the signalling. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," and added a rider that the warehouse platform should be further protected.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DEATH OF AN OLD RUNCORNIAN.

The body of Mr. John Stringer, one of Runcorn's oldest newsagents, was recovered fron the Bridgewater Canal on Monday. It transpired that the deceased was on a visit to a friend's house, which is situate on the banks of the canal. Oa returning home via the canal- side the old man, whose sight is very bad, appears to have walked into the water. A splash was heard by a boy, who informed the occupants of the Foresters' Arms. Further assistance was procured, and after an hones diligent search the body was recovered. The police were soon on the scene, and conveyed the body home on the ambulance. The deceased gentleman when recovered, had his walking-stick gripped firmly in his hand and his spectacles on. The inquest was held at Runcorn on Wednesday night. It was stated that deceased was very near sighted, and in order to avoid bumping into people on the streets he preferred to walk on the canal bank.— William Byfleld, captain of the Grappling Corps, said at the time the body was being taken from the water by the corps' appliances Mr. Stringer's son was singing at a concert in aid of the corps' funds.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A meeting of the Runcorn Board of Gurrdians was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. T. Baxter presided and there were also present :—Messrs. J. I Spruce, C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, G. Egerton Warburton, J. Stokes, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, T. Wright, H. Mawdsloy. S. Woodward, C. Horton, G. Watson, R. Nixon, S. Taylor, W. M. Morris, P. Collins, A. R. Norman, J. Hallows, J. Mynekyine, W. Weir, A. Mining, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), T. Cook, J. Pearson, W. R. de Prez (relieving orlicet, and T. D. licaliasoa (master). Nyman, OF IN'MATT:S. Mr. Spruce, chairman of the Visiting Committee, reported that the number of inmates of the Home was 178 as compared with LIS for the corresponding week last year.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POOR I.A.W CONFERENCE.

The report of the delegates who attended the North- Western Poor Law Conference at Ulverston, Messrs. Woodward, Pilling, Chadwick and Wright (the latter at his own expense) was presented. The President in his opening address referred to the present depression in trade and pointed out that the " Labour Gazette" for September stated that out of 208 trade unions 89 per cent. were reported as unemployed at the end of August as compared with 4 per cent at the end of August 1907. The number of paupers in the country on the Ist January was 7833 more than on the Ist January, 1907. He also referred to the great increase in the lunacy and casual classes. Alluding to I the Old-Age Pensions Act, he said he would like to see I some scheme of insurance as in Germany initiated by the Government by which workmen would provide in early life against unemployment or unfitness for work. The report reviewed the various papers presented to the conference and recorded that the conference bad appointed a sub-committee consisting of two represen- tatives from each union to inquire into and report as to the best means by combination of unions or other- wise,of providing for the treatment of phthisis patients. Mr. NVoodward presented a detailed review of the proceedings, lie said they would all be exceedingly sorry that Sir John Hiobert, who had so long and 11.'4 presided at these conferences, passed away on Saturday. It wee a great loss to the community, for Sir John Hi hbert constituted in himself in his reports upon the administration of the Poor Law, the central attraction of the conference, and it would undoubtedly be a most difficult matter to find an efficient successor.

Oa the proposition of Mr. Morris, seconded by Mr. Hallows, the reports were adopted.

Ruscortx RURAL DisTarcr COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday under the presidency of Mr. I'. Wright. There were also present :—Messrs. C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, G. Egerton-Warburton, J. Stokes, T. Baxter, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, C. Horton, G. Watson, R. Nixon, J. Spruce, J. Hallows, W. Weir, A. Haining, T. Antwis, J. Mynekyme, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors) and J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances).

HIGHWAY MATTERS.

The Clerk repoiiec-ITIM-t--a.t-ri in-eetitii of the Highway Executive Committee he stated that the best terms he could arrange with the owner of land in Overton opposite Overton Hall which the Council required for widening pnrposes was 4s. per yard for the land and the erection of a suitable wall. The Surveyor reported that 105 yards of land would be required and that he estimated that the cost of the removal of the soil and the erection of a wall and fence would be .£63 7s. It was resolved that the owner be informed that the Council was prepared to widen the road and erect a wall and fence but they could not see their way to give anything for the land. The Budworth Surveyor reported that the Committee appointed to consider the question of widening the road 1 etween Brook House aud Hough's Bridge in the Parish of Walton Superior recommended the widening of the said road in accordance with the plan proposed by himself at an estimated cost of £136 Ils. Bd. The recommendation was approved. The Surveyor was instructed to ' ascertain the intention of the Lyon estate with respect to the proposed straightening of the Stretton to Appleton road. The offer of the owners on the West side of Bankes-lane, Weston, to carry out all the work of widening without expense to the Council was accepted. Suggested improvements of roads in various parts of the district were considered and several recommendations made. _

The report was approved. THE ABUSE OF MOTOR TRAFFIC. _

The Clerk reported receipt of the following resolu- tion passed at a meeting of the Road Union : " That this conference of delegates from local authorities throughout the country earnestly calls upon the Govern- ment to introduce without delay fresh legislation for the better protection of the public from the abuse of motor traffic." The Council were invited to appoint a representative on the committee. It was desired that the committee should be as representative as possible. The Clerk said the Council had not hitherto been represented at the meetings in connection wiih the Union.

Mr. Linaker proposed that the Council should support the efforts of the Union. They had heard a great deal about tho abuse of the highways by motors of all descriptions, and if they could do anything to assist the Society to mitigate it in any degree, it would Le to everybody's satisfaction. Mr. Rovlance seconded. Mr. Hallows moved that the Council should send a delegate to the committee if it was thought that the organisation could do anything to stop the nuisance. In Stockton Heath which was thickly populated and where there were several dangerous corners, strangers went dashing through in their motor cars. It was time something was done in the matter. The Clerk pointed out that the expense of sending a delegate would be rather heavy as the committee would probably meet a number of times and the meetings would take place in London. Mr. Hallows amendment was not seconded. Mr. Linaker's proposition was agreed to. HILTON SEWERAGE SCHEME._

The Clerk reported that at a meeting of the Halton Parochial Committee tenders for the sewerage of the parish in accordance with the specification and quantities prepared by Mr. J. Diggle, C.E., of Heywood, were opened and considered. It was resolved that the Clerk prepare a statement showing the relative prices contained in the four lowest tenders for carrying out a scheme embracing the under-mentioned districts :—(1) Halton-road as far as the brook and Sea-lane, (2) Halton-road, Sea-lane and the village with the excep- tion of Spark-lane, (3) the whole scheme except Heath-road.

• The minutes were passed. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. Dr. Adams reported that during the last fortnight there had been an increase of epidemic disease in the district. There were ten cases of scarlet fever in the hospital at present. No fewer than eleven oases 14ad been notified in Frodsham during the fortnight, and one in Great Budworth.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
I

,

-

In

. _ • s . • . „ -

1

===== 0002601_19081114_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

-- FT. HELENS AD MISSIONARY WORK. The Rev. Cyril Bardsley, vicar of St. Helens, presided at the annual meeting of the St. Helens auxiliary of the Church Missionary Society, at the Town Hall, on Monday night. There was a very large attendance._ The Rev. I'. W. Ketchlee (treasurer), in submitting the financial statement, regretted very deeply the death of Sir Christopher Gamble, Bart., who had helped the auxiliary to a great extent. The contributions from St. Helens churches had been £613 14s. id., and £6Ol had been forwarded to London. Last year the total was greater—viz., £627 18s. 4d.—The Chairman spoke at length on the great need there was for increased activity In the mission fleld.—The Rev. J. E. Hewitt, of Bengal, and the Rev. Marrnaduke Washington. of the Central Committee, also spoke. TRAGEDIES OF THE MINE. , James Wolstenholme, Nowton-road, Parr, St. Helens met with a shocking death at the Havannah Colleries early on Monday morning. Wolstenhalme was a single man, employed by Messrs. R. Evans and Co. It is stated that deceased and Joseph Henry Mather were engaged during the night in timbering a road-way. About two o'clock in the morning Wolstenholme was engaged holding a piece of timber while Mather was sawing a piece off, when a huge fall of roof took place. Wolstenholme was buried and smashed to death, while Mather was seriously injured about the legs and body fie was removed to the Haydock Cottage Hospital. Wolstenholme was about fifty-six years of age, but he had no relatives in the district. eAnother fatality also occurred at Ashton's Green Colliery, where Patrick Kenny, aged 28, of 35, Tickle.. street, was killed by R suddea collapse iii a roadway. Kenny was a haulage hand, and was in company with a drawer named Edward Hilton, in the shunt at the bottom of one of the haulage brows. They were taking coal boxes along when a large stone suddenly gushed out of the side of the road and brought the place down on the two men. Kenny was buried, and it took nearly three hours to dig him out. Hilton was badly hurt, and he was taken to the St. Helens Hospital.

I MAYORALTY OF ST. HELENS. At the annual meeting of the St. Helens Town Council, on Monday, Alderman Bishop proposed that Councillor Alfred John Foote should be elected Mayor. I He said that Mr. Foote had been a member of the I Council since 1889. He was a sound business man, who enjoyed the confidence of his colleagues and towns- people generally. Councillor Collins, who seconded, said he had known Mr. Foote for considerably over 40 years. During the whole of his career be bad proved a sound, careful business man. Ile had worked with exceptional energy and devotion as a member of the Council. Councillor Foote was then elected unanimously. After returning thanks he outlined the work that was likely to be undertaken during the coming year. He said he trusted they would do something to find employment for the people who were out of work. He was glad to say that unemployment was not so bad in St. Helens as in many other places. He also dealt with the financial state of the borough, and pointed out that the total debt gave an average of a 17s. 2d. per head of population' as against the average over the county boroughs of England and Wales of £lB 9s. 2d. St. I Helens was thus £lO per head less than other county boroughs. If any manufacturer wanted a place to start work in, St. Helens was one of the best. The ratings were not high, there were cheap gas and electricity, railway and canal fecilitities, and abundance of labour,

===== 0002601_19081114_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

MR. SEDDON, M.P.,. AND CONSUMPTIVE SHOP ASSISTANTS.

_ S_peaking in Gorton on Sunday, Mr. J. A. Seddon' spoke of the conditions under which shop assist- ants worked. He knew of cases where girls and women were working a hundred hours per week of seven dare, and who had no holidays from one year end to another. (Shame.) Owing to the long hours consumption was more rife amonm them than in any other class of workers. In Cheshire there was a sanatorium for con- sumptives, and over 50 per cent, of the young women who applied for admission were shop assistants. If all the shop assistants were united and they kept up their agitation they would be able to impress the Government with the ur-- of their need-

agency EARLESTOWN ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY. This society gave its sixteenth annual concert on Thursday last week in the Town Hall, and once more presented a good programme, in which were included five orchestral charges, varied in the usual way by songs and violin solos. The ban Igave a very good account , of itself in " Pique Dame (Suppe), " Coronation March " (Kilenburg), " Wauldestfustern" idyll, "La Voix des cloches," and the " Olden Chimes " Gavotte. Mr. James Shirley roused the audience to great enthusiasm with his violin playing. Mr. Hamilton Harris, baritone, Miss Nellie Barker, soprano, and Mr. J. W. Cottrell, tenor, all contributed voc:al numbers in high-class style. The accompanists were played by Mr. E. B. North, and Mr. A. Ashley conducted the band with his usual efficiency. EARLESTOWN BUILDING SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the members of Earlestovvn Newton, Haydock, Golborne and Ashton Building ' Society was held at Earlestown District School on Thursday evening last week. There was a good attend lance, and Mr. T. ilaselden presided. The Directors report stated the profit for the year was £2,202 9s. 61. which, with an undivided balance of £2,471 195., showed a disposable amount of £1,674 Ss. W. The Directors recommended a dividend at the rate of 43 per cent., absorbing £1,989 Hs. 5d., leaving a balance of undivided profit of £2,681 10s. Id., an increase of £212 Its. id. The Directors proposed to transfer £2,600 from the undivided profit to a reserve fund account, and carry forward to profit and loss account the balance of £Bl 10s. Id. Eight members redeemed their property during the year, representing replayments of capital amounting to £1,413 3s. 2d. There are three lotsl of property on hand, while the number of members on the books is 457, holding 4,471,1 shares. 4.131 The Chairman having moved the adoption of the report, Mr. Ormand (secretary), said the profit was £2,202, against £1,975 last year, an increase of more than £226. The amount advanced in mortgage was nearly £10,519, the largest for 30 years. The share- holders were to be congratulated on a dividend,honestly earned, or 43- per cent. with £2,601 carried to a reserve fund, which would strengthen and consolidate the share ' capital. The report and accounts were passed. Mr. W. Sutton asked as to the grant of £2O to the Secretary for special services, what those services were. The Chairman pointed to Mr. Ormand's organisation - of the Society's book-keeping, and said that in the matter of overdrafts at the bank alon3 he had saved the Society £2O. Mr. I'. Haselden was re-elected President, and all the retiring Directors were re-elected ; Messrs. H. Tarbuck and 11. A. Robinson, stewards ; Messrs. W. Appleby and J. Nichols, auditors ; and Mr. Eli Bunting, surveyor.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

--- WARRINGTOS.—The eighth competition for the captain's prize -vas played on Saturday. L. Holden qualified in the first division and F. R. Roberts in the second. L. Pairclough took the first sweepstake and C. H. Unsworth the second. Scores :

PIRST DIVISION. - Gross. H'cap. Net. L. Holden L. Fairclough B9 ... 10 ... 79 C. H. Unsworth 9l ... 13 ... 81 F. S. Horner J. H. Murray B3 ... 6 ... 82 Rev. Lee Jones 9l ... 11 ... 83 IV. Greenhouse L. A. Voisey H. Kirkconnel C. G. Hutchings J. Ellison 99 ... 11 ... 88 H. G. Roberts H. Fair:.lough, jun. H. H. Evan 99 ... 7 ... 92

SECOND DIVISION. -- Gross. Brcap. Net. F. R. Roberts 92 ... 15 ... 77 R. Wellhead J. IV. Bouchier lO9 ... 23 ... 86 M. LT. Brady E. J. Hall lOl ... 16 .. 85 : ..--.......—...

RESCUE AND PREVENTIVE WOrtr IN soura WEST LANCASHIRE AND LIVERPOOL. ' During October the eight Police Court Missionaries and one Auxiliary Missionary employed by the Liverpool Diocesan Branch of the C.E.T.S., were kept very busily occupied. They dealt with 1465 persons in the Courts and Bridewells, visited 811 cases from the Courts and saw 415 others either at their homes or at the Society's offices. In order to try and help those who came under their notice they wrote 354 letters many of which brought about encouraging results. At the present time it is except:onallvdifficult to flnd work for those who have broken the law, but in spite of this the missionaries not only gave work tickets for the Fire- wood and Mat Factory at Bootle to 19 men, but also foun.l employment for 10 other men and lads, took 11 lads to Homes or put them to sea, sent 11 others back to their parents or friends and averted loss of e.nploy- ment in G instances. Women and g:rls also received their share of attention as 21 were sent either to their own homes or to other suitable homes (including the Society's Home in Upper Parliament- street) and situations were found for 6. Clothing was supplied to 47 persons, and 121 received food in addition to the breakfasts which were given to 413 men and 401 women at the Prison Gate lkfission li own. Owing to a roost welcome grant of £25 from the Lord Mayor's Unemployed Fund,and of food tickets from the Central Relief Socicty, the Missionaries were able to help some of the most deserving cases with which they met, much more liberally than it would have been possible for them to do otherwise.—Lastly, there were 44 addresses in the Mission Room and 51else— where it took 120 total abstinence pledges.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
60 MILES AN HOUR. -- Heavy Fine for Express Motoring.

A fine of £ls and costs was inflicted by the magis- trates at the Daresbury Sessions on Tuesday, on Joseph Gaal, 17, Hanover-square, Itegent-street, London. SAV., ho was charged with driving a motor-car at a dangerous speed at Appleton on Friday, September 11th. He mas also summoned for having false identification marks. Defendant, aho was represented by Mr. If. Fox, St. Helens, pleaded not guiay. Mr. William Long presided over the Bench. The facts for the prosecution, as stated by Superin- tendent Ennion, were that at 6.30 p.m. on September 11th, defendant, accompanied by another gentleman, mas driving in the direction of Warrington from Nant- wieh. When passing through Whitley he was seen near Norcot Brook to be driving at a very fast speed, which v.aa continued and increased up to London Bridge, Stockton Heath. The speed varied from 20 to 50 miles an hour. Some witnesses, who were experienced motor drivers, would say defendant travelled passed the Apple- ton golf links at from forty to fifty miles an hour, and ex-Police-Sergeant Gosling would tell the Bench that be "jumped " London Bridge. Fourteen witnesses stated that the defendant drove a racing car at various speeds up to CO miles an hour. One said the car was like an airship,' and another likened the speed to that of a mail train. Bertram S. Newcombe, Stretton, said the car passed the golf links at a speed of altout sixty miles an hour, and on arriving home he telephoned to the police. He could only see the letters " Al "at the back of the car. John Birtles, Whitefleld-road, Stockton Heath, and Frederick Pendlebury, Appleton who were also on the links, estimated the speed at between forty and fifty miles an hour. Sergt. Simms said the plate at the haat{ of the car bore the letters "AICC." This, said Supt. Ennion, was assigned to a Mr. Smith, 433, Green-street, Park-lane. Mr. Fox produced the plate showing the letters to be " AI G G." Mr. H. Roberts (a magistrate) said the letters were

Feared Family Would Lose Mother- -20 Years' Terrible "Liver" & Indigestion.

MRS. Annie Drake, of 71, Jedburgh Road, Plaistow, London, E., says : _

_ "I was an invalid for 20 years from indi- gestion, liver complaint, and anwmia. My weakness ever increased by piles, and my face lost all colour. I always had great pain after eating. The headaches and heartburn were terrible. Hospital treatment,

doctors, and remedies—l tried them all in vain. I was reduced to a skeleton. The people used to whisper "she's going home." One doctor said to cure me would take long and difficult treatment. Another doctor told me I was perfectly bloodless, and my case was hopeless. A third told me candidly he could not cure me. I began to despair—l could not bear the thought of leaving my litttle ones motherless. "I tried Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. The result was beyond our wildest hopes. I got refreshing sleep, began to enjoy my food, and became stronger day after day, and the piles gradually left me. Now lam in good health, free from headaci.e and bodily pains. Chas. Forcle's Bile Beans alone have cured me. It is wonderful." look

IMPORTANT The public are warned of the danger of Imitation bile beans, made to the world-famed "Chas. Fordo's" Bile Beans. Be sure to see the words WARNING' medicine.Charles Forde's" prieted on the box label. These are the only genuine 0 Of all chemists at le or 2/0; or from The Bile Bean M.ry. Co., 43, Cow Cross Street, London, KC t

FREE SAMPLE OF THE GENUINE. Everyone can obtain a free Fample of the genuine Chas. Forde'a Bile Beans. Send this coupon, your name and addre-s, and Id.Oatnp (return postage) to The Bile Bean Wt. Co., Greek Street, Leeds. Warrielgt 19J3.

' - . ' ••• 1. td•1ii.,,,.4 .0 , . _ .. , T , ...„. , . , ‘ ...._ . ...I, , .. A' I' 44, ALI., Z, • k , t S 4 4,...0' , i —_. , , ,„,,F, Az.. ~f.-,-, —;,-- , • 4 -,,,,..t.,...-4,,,,r, 7,!,,*•-lt, ...,,,,,,,o 'tk,,•.,-' T. -1:14‘..,;,,,_,,,,,1_ ~. , , .. • k '''''' ' olffr-c,» ,• - R.,,, 4 , , ' - , .. , •,, ~ • 1";.. • -.) ": - ~ a; n _ -‘--1"1, '"• . I.4liri 4:4 -.•••.--•i'll's 7 '-; 1' A 4 - .P , (: • 1"' ,e.%).t. --tit / -:, \, XI? ~ 1 -,':•.4 t 4,4„. ---id<-...,--p-4..0-'...—,,. t 1,.. ~. ...7-t 1.....A.1i_ ...zstra, .3-7'l- --'

===== 0002601_19081114_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
1 9F I I\ 16\ 'lO le. 0 q --,,--F-, -T • vet \ r•OP; ''''Vt. • ---.7411a6711111 '4::-.4`3. - slY"'il. ,-,_=,_ , ..,.... ~......_. _ ''...r'''.. --”it .:.'• . _ _ '' - ' ,--4------------ ,_ ~, .: , ' .. .:::::•::.---- ''''''''''''''''' .....: p ... V. • , ri.... ...... .:::. .. I .i....• • .... • • •

, 11

===== 0002601_19081114_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
N

Ivery indefinite, end the Chairman also remarked that it would be impossible for anyone to tell whether the letters were C's or G's. Mr. Fox said there was no fraudulent intent. The car had been running in London for two years, and there had not been a single complaint about the letters. Tt was then decided to withdraw this summons. Healing with the alleged dangerous driving. 3fr. Fox said not one of the 14 witnesses had proved that anyone had been in danger. According to the time given by the various witnesses the car covered four miles—from Norcot Brook to Stockton Heath—in nine minutes, which worked out at the rate of about 28 miles an hour, and the road was practically clear. The Cblirman said they must protect the public, and defendant wculd be fined L'ls and costs (423 3s. Gd. altogether), and his licence would be endorsed. The magistrates wished to express a sense of obligation to the witnesses who had come forward to give evidence.

Cruelty to a Donkey. William Broomfield, of Cartwright-street, was charged at the Borough Police Court on Monday with cruelty to a donkey on Thursday, October 29th. A police officer stated that on the night in question he saw the donkey which was attached to a cart con- taining green-groceries, standing in Priestley-street. When the cart had moved on, he saw a large quantity of blood on the ground. He followed the trail of blood for several yards, and afters,' ards caught it up with defendant in Naylor-street. He examined the donkey and found that the teat had been severely cut and blood was flowing freely. The officer asked defendant what be had done it with, and he replied that he must have done it with the whip and the whip was composed of a leather ho t lace, which defendant threw away. The officer saw that the animal was in great pain, and ordered defendant tc Lake it home.— The Mayor said that it was a very serious case. He had never seen a town in which cruelty to animals was prevalent. Uo would give defendant a chance this time and fine him ss. and costs, but the next time he would be dealt with severely.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. Wesley Guild Festival.

The Rev. W. B. Fitzgerald, Connexioral Guild Secretary, has a winning way of appealing to the young people who have the privilege of listening to him. Preaching on Sunday morning last ia connection with the Wesley Guild Festival to a good congregation in the Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, he took for his text" And be not conformed to this world ; but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is good and accept- able, and the perfect will of God " (Romans xii., 2), and told them not to forget the cultivation of their minds, as this was a great essential to Christianity.— In the evening he based his sermon on the text " For we are labourers together with God ; ye are his , husbandry, ye are God's building " (Col% i., 3-9), and I enforced the need of building upon the right rock—that of Jesus Christ. The anthem " Abide with me " was well rendered by the choir, and 'Air. E. Roberts' solos, both morning and evening were sung in a creditable manner.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED RALLY.

There was a unique and highly interesting meeting in the Church on Monday evening. It took the form of a circuit guild rally and the large attendance was con- vincing testimony to the vitality of the various Guilds. Dr. Bennett presided and tke principal speakers were : The Rev. W. B. Fitzgerald and the Rev. Arthur E. Sharpley, president of the Liverpool District Guild Council. Arn,ongst others present were the Revs. E. Blanshard Reeling, T. Miller, T. Gladding, and F. Welwyn Kernick. The CHAIRMAN said that about twelve months ago it struck him that the Wesley Guild had become such a force in the circuit that it ought to be officially recog- nised in the quarterly meeting like other sections of Church life. He brought the matter forward and Mr. Frank A. Harris was appointed the Guild Secretary to speak for the Guilds of the circuit at the quarterly meeting. The next step was to get the Guilds united in their efforts, for it was believed that by working in harmony they would gain in enthusiasm, power and spirituality. The result was the inauguration of the Council to consist of the Guild secretaries, one repre- sentative for every fifty members of each guild, and the ministers of the circuit, with the superintendent as president. One outcome of the formation of the Council was to enlighten them They found that some Guilds were not working on strict Guild lines and without exception the Guilds which had denarted farthest from those lines were the least full of Curistian enthusiestn. It was decided that all should work on the same system. The Wesley Guild was not a juvenile essociation. It had bcen in existence some twelve or fourteen years. It was carefully thought out by some of the wisest heads in the land and it was doing grand work all over the country. It helped members to develop their speaking powers, and if there i was one thing of import- ance to every young man t was to learn to express himself properly. They suffered more from shyness than f*orn anything else in their churches. It was not always brilliancy which counted. He would rather Bsten to the " wish-wash " of a consecrated worker than to the studied orAtory of a nominal Christian who was doing no work in the Church. He wen proud to preside over the first Guild rally promoted by the Circuit Guild Council because in a sense he felt himself to be the father of the Council. (Applause).

The secretaries of the following guilds then preseated very encouraging reports on the work in hand : —Bold- street, Bewsey-road, Padgate, Penketh, Sankey Bridges, Latchford.

The Rev. A. E. S!IARPLEti delivered art address on "Opportunity " which was listened to with keen atten- tion. There were, he said, golden moments for resolution and for action which, once lost, never returned. The story of all invention and discovery showed again and again bow thousands had missed the opportunity and by and by one man had come along and seized it. The same applied to business and commercial circles. The speaker instanced the careers of Isaac Newton, James Watt and Nathan Rothschild as illustrating the value of grasping opportunity. It must be the prepared, the cultured,and the thoughtful mind which grasped oppor- tunities and made the best of them. Ile would say to the young people of to-day .If you are to he ready for the opportunity of success in life when it cames, you must he prepared for a good deal of self-denial and toil." The unemployed problem was with us all just now. How would it ever be solved except by dealing with the personal factor? It was, unfortunately, very often the unemployable roan who was unemployed. He did not want work. One of them came to a friend of his (the speaker's) not long ago, and on being told that he could begin work in the dockyards the following morning, he replied " Yes, unskilled labour. I know what that means—l3s. a week and hard labour. No, thank you. I can tramp sixty streets a day end it's a poor street that does not turn up it penny." (Laughter.) Many people by indiscriminate giving to beggars and tramps at the door were keeping those men going, and at the same time making the great difficulty of the unemployable person in England absolutely insoluble. We should never cure it till we got rid of indiscriminaie alms- giving. We should have to go back to the old days of apprenticeship when every boy wbo left school was taught a trade, and get rid of unskilled labour. Muscle was not worth much to-day in labour, because machinery could do it so much better. We wanted to train the skilled mind for better work so that we might solve these problems, bat it depended in the last resort on the personal factor. Continuing the speaker said the circumstances of young life to-day were favourable As they never had been before in the history of England and of the world. We heard a great deal about.equality, but there were certain kinds of equality we must not expect to find. We could not say that in any certain sense there was equality of people in this world. Human equality was a dream ; it was moon- shine. It did not ex:st and never would. Men were not physically equal and they were certainly not mentaly or spiritually equal. He did not know whether even in heaven we would find universal equality. He did not think we would. So far as we could tell now, there were angels and also archangels who were over the angeb,. There was, however, an ideal to which our world was gradually but surely working, and that was equality of opportunity. Every boy or girl haviag the ability should be able to climb from the lowest place to the very highest that education could give and so have the grand opportunity of success in life. If it was only to a large extent a dream in the world, equality of opportunity was a fact in the Church of Christ. In conclusion Mr. Sharpley said the Wesley Guild stood before them as a splendid piece of machinery for the service of God and his Church, but the machinery was dead and inert until there came the breath of the spirit of God. Ile urged his hearers to have as their ambition the cultivation of a beautiful character which was the only absolutely necessary thing in life.

The Rev. W. B. Fitzgerald devoted his address to the work of the guild in connection with citizenship. They had first of all to make their young people good Christians, then thorough-going Methodists and finally intelligent and helpful citizens. The idea of citizen- ship was comradeship and service. The men who were most honoured, whose lives seemed to have eterni.y in them, were the men who had given some service to the town, the city or the State. It was not the Pharaohs, the Cmsars, the Czars, and the Kaisers who were of the most importance. They were only the milestones marking the various stages of the great march of human- ity. It was such men as John Howard, to whom they had a memorial in Warrington, Faraday, Tyudal, Garrison and Wilberforce, and women like Florence Nightingale who counted because they had given their ve;-ar best for their fellows. Then there was Rowland Hill who by his work brought men close together and Richard Baxter who brought man and God into touch with one another. Their names were brought to his mind again by the fact that be saw statues to their memory in Kidderminster the other day. There were two sides of service which they ought to render—the service of man for his fellows—social service they would call it— and the service of man for God—spiritual service. It was the bosineas of every Wesley Guild to train its members for citzenship, to teach them what it meant; and to make them feel that they had to do a work not only for their church but for their town and country. Urging the importance of studying the lives of leading citzen., Mr. Fitzgernli said that at one end of the social scale they bed a min like the late Lord Shaftes- bury who devoted all his wealth, social position and influnce to the welfare of tho very poorest, and at the other end they had Thorucs Burt, the miners' repres- sentative, who had Laen spoken of by one who knew the composition of the Home of Commons ivell, as one of the finest gentlemen in that Howe. Every Wesley Guild ought to undertake some definite kind of social work. There was a wonderful amount of nobility in the hearts of their young Methodists and it was coming out in a thousand different ways. They must help to restore the thought of God to its right place in the life of the nation. It was a sad thing when a nation began to forget God. He was afraid we were getting very near it, and if the young people did not help to turn the tide it would be so. To-day the majority of our population were out- side all the churches. They must not only try to bring them back but to keep within the church those who were growing up in their Sunday schools and who wore enrolled in their Gnilds.Wo needed all the social seri :me _ . .

that Christian men and women were capable of giving,but it was not social servi,-e merely. We could not make people better merely by drainage and sanitation or by solving the housing problem. There was a great and crying need for thcse things, but we should never raisa the nation to its proper place in the world until, in addition to doing such work, we remembered that God must be supreme. that Ills life inns: enter into the life of the people. Then all the other things would become easy. The selfishness and the greed that had prevented 113 from getting social reforms in the past would be done away and we would make real progress. (Applause). On the proposition of the Rev. T. AI rr.r.Ert seconded by the Rev. F. WALWYN KERNICK, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the chairmen and speakers and also to the organist and choir for their services during the festival.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday November 14, 1908 WARRINGTON.

Sir John Brunner. Northwich Council on Monday decided to erect a bronze statue in honour of Sir John Batnner. Sale of Work Proceeds. The total proceeds of the bazaar in connection with St. James' Church, Latchford, amount to about £IOO. The sum raised by the Wycliffe Cockhedge Mission sale of work was .UO2. Penny Popular Concerts: Another large audience assembled at the penny popular concert at Bold-street school on Saturday evening. The Rev. T. Miller presided and a highly enjoyable programme was submitted. Miss Alice Taylor and Miss Garnett Ball scored a great success with their singing. Songs were also given in a very able manner by Messrs. Tynan and Bates. Miss Iloston proved to be an az..complished elocutionist and she was warmly applauded. Mr. C. Furness caused much amusement with his Lancashire sketches. SALE of Surplus Stock of Boots and Shoes now On.—PIJBLIC BEKETIT BOOT CO.—Advt. Wyciffe P.S.A. At a well-attended meeting of this Society on Sun day Mr. R. Mills presided. Mr. W. If. Wallington gave the address upon the words : " Behold what manner of Love the Father bath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God." He said that men were wanted who were full of grit,character, earnestness, and fidelity. Mr. W. H. Payton presided presided at the organ, Mr. McEachern also took part in the meeting. Mr. R. Atkinson, a vice-president, announced that on Sunday there would be an open meeting when their old friend Mr. J. Halley, of Man- chester, would give the address. One new member received a hearty yelcome. Fire In Sankey-street. • • - -

A postman %yaws passing the premises occupied by Messrs. Wright, Garnett and Wright and others in Sankey-street at eight o'clock on Sunday morning when he saw a volume of smoke. He gave informa- tion to the Fire Brigade, who were soon on the spot with the steam fire engine "Captain." The men entered the premises at the back, but for a time could do little owing to the dense smoke. It was ultimately found that a fire was raging in the room occupied by Mr. F. Cooke, dentist, and in part of the premises used by Messrs. Wright, Garnett and Wright. Con- siderable damage was done in each case. A number 'of plans belonging to the architects were much damaged and some totally destroyed. Fortunately the firemen got the fire under control before it could spread to the other part of the premises. The origin of the outbreak is not known. Wanted to go on the Bench During the Police Court proceeding on Monday a great commotion was heard in the corridor leading t 3 the magistrates' Bench. A police officer was despatched to investigate and it was found that an old man under under the influence of drink had found his way into the building, but for the timely meeting with a constable, would have found his way on to the Bench. However, he was taken into custody and brought up the next morning on the charge of being drunk and incapable. His name is Charles Wade, a stranger. He stated that that he had lost a basket and he thought the police would be able to give him some atsistance. He was on his way to Manchester and if they would only let him off he would leave the town at once. He was ordered to pay ss. and costs or go to goal for seven days. ART CFIINA TEA SERVICES, 40 pieces 12s. 6d.— J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street,Warrington.—Advt. Parish Church Sate of Work. The sale of work in connection with the Parish Church was re-opened on Saturday by Mr. Robert Pierpoint, who applied to bazaars the remark that they " found business for idle hands to do " in working what might be called over tirne.—(Laughter ) —Couto- cillor Locker, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr Pierpoint, said lie had watched that gentleman's career all his life, and had found him to be a worthy citizen, and one who tonk the deepest possible interest in everything connected with the welfare of the town. (Applause.) —Mr. James Wood seconded and the motion was carried with applause.—During the evening members of the Training College gave a capital performance of a farce entitled "Mrs. Walker's Will." The cast was as follows :—Mrs. Robinson, Miss E. Bunch ; Lady Spindle, Miss M. Booth ; Mrs. Dwindle, Miss I). Bate ; Rachel, Miss A. Dewhurst ; and Jenny, Miss F. Grundwell. A Christmas play by G.F.S. children was well received.—The total proceeds are expected, when certain outstanding moneys have been received, to be about £270. A Pair of " DouuroN " ORNANIENTS make a choice and acceptable present. Stock ranges from Sc. to .£5 per pair.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. The Late Mr. John Maginn's Will. • The will of the late Mr. John Magian, J.P., of Raddon Court, Latchford, Warrington, furniture manufacturer and dealer, and for several years a member of the Town Council, has just been proved at £11,168. Mr. Maginn, who died on the 15th of last August, bequeathed his household furniture and effects upon trust, with the use of the same, to his wife for life or remarriage, and then to form part of the residue. The residue and all his real estate is left upon trust to pay the income to his wife for life, but if she remarries, then to be equally divided between her and all the children. On her decease the said residue of his estate is to be equally divided between all the children. Probate of his will, dated 11th August, 1908, has been granted to his widow, Mrs. Malialah Nfaginn, and. his brother, Sir. Patrick Magian, and Mr. Felix Ma&oinii, both of Warrington, the executors, by. whom the property is sworn at £11,168 Is. 3.1. of which £3,013 3s. 9d. is net personalty. Warrington Women Circle. Mrs. Ellis presided at the Circle on Sunday, and gave an acrostic on the word " Joy "---" Jesus owns you," and the reversal of the letters—" You obey Jesus." She was assisted by Mrs. Tynan and Miss Mitchell. A. most instructive paper on the Sisters of Bethany was read by Miss Healey, who said that earthly tasks most not obscure spiritual realities ; the making of character was of supremo importance. Many Christian lives failed because they lacked energetic and hearty service. Often life's greatest work is done in resting times. They also serve who only stand and wait. Effective service would always be produced by prayer. The high estimate Christ puts on women, calling them friends, accepting their ministries, had done more for the world than the bustling energy' of Martha. Mary and Martha blended into one would make the ideal Christian woman active service and quiet contemplation. The greatest rids of life oft6n led to rich experiences, which were never developed in life's sunshine. Miss Emily Barnes was the soloist and rendered " Come unto Me " and " Tell mother I'll be there." Table, Floor, and Hanging LAMPS. Latest designs now showing. See windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51- 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Alleged Theft From Mrs. Crosfield. Before Mr. Plowden, at Marylebone (London) Police Court, on Friday last week, a Langharn Hotel waiter, named Johannes de Nys, aged eighteen years, was charged with stealing and receiving a diamond ear- drop, value 9,50, belonging to Mrs. Crosfield, Bryn Eithin, Colwyn Bay.—Mrs. Crosfield said she was at present staying at the Langliam Hotel. pn Sunday she lost the eardrop, and did not see it again until she was taken by the police to identify it at a pawn- broker's, in Fitzroy-square.—An aesistent at the shop said the prisoner called there on Tuesday with the eardrop, and agreed to accept an advance of .f.,1 upon it, saying it was given to him two years ago by his mother.—Mr. Plowden, having ascertained that that was all the evidence, said it was quite consistent with the prisoner having found the eardrop, and then pawned it. That was a very wrong thing to have done and a very good reason for the hotel authorities dis- missing or reprimanding him; but it was not larceny, and he would, therefore, be discharged. A Soldier's Lapses. Ernest Rogers. an ex-soldier, was charged at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday with stealing a silver watob and 2s. 101 d. in money, the property of Henry Cullen, Longford-street. It appears that defendant who had belonged to the East Lancashire Regiment, came to Warrington on March 2nd on a visit to his aunt in Longford-street. Ile left the house suddenly and the watch and money which were the property of the lodger, were missed. In the meantime prisoner had been arrested at Leyland and sentenced to 9 months imprisonment for stealing 10s. He was rearrested and brought to Warrington and charged with stealing the watch and money. He pleaded guilty. A letter was read, written by the accused, in which he expressed his regret. He had coinruitted the offence while under the influence of drink. He had a ,good character when he left the army. He had served all through the South African war and hoped the magistrates would deal leniently with him. Inspector Williamson stated that the watch and money had not yet been recovered. The watch had been pledged in Manchester and afterwards redeemed. Prisoner was sentenced to a months imprisonment. ,

===== 0002601_19081114_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

A meeting of the above Council was held in the I.L.P. rooms, Friars'-green, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance, Mr. D. L. Owen presiding. The Secretary (Mr. E. Plinston) was also present.

- . THE ELECTIONS. Referring to the recent municipal election, Mr. Plinston said he was very sorry to say that the members of the Council did not go into the fight as they ought to have done. He had helped Mr. James Ball as well as he could during the contest. There was not a single Labour member in the Council now, and in Mr. Ball they had lost one of the best men they had ever had.

NE W MEMBERS.

A letter was read from Mr. Sinclair asking if the Iron Moulders Society could be admitted to member- ship of the Council. It was unanimously decided to accede to the application.

PROPOSED TRADES TALL. A letter was read from the Sheet Nfetal Workers Society, stating that at their last quarterly meeting it was unanimously decided that efforts be made to erect a Trades Hall. _ _ .

Mr. PLINSTON suggested that the friendly societies as well as the trade union branches be approached with a view to see if they would join them in the scheme. It was proposed that the Executive Committee be instructed to consider the question, with a view to framing circulars to be sent to the various trade unions and friendly societies. Mr. IUOOTLFIELD, in seconding, said that if the Hall were built it would tend. to keep people out of the public-houses. He did not want to run the drink trafllc down, but be thought it would be better if people went to the hall to spend their evenings. The resolution was agreed to. FINANCIAL.

The balance sheet fo;-theieiji-nding .10th September, 1908, was read and proved to be satisfactory. The income amounted to £3O 19s, 51, and the expenditure to .C2l 2s. 4d., the balance in hand therefore being ,C 9 is. Id. This was audited and found correct by Messrs. G. Leach and Mr. W. Bullock. . .

Mr. BULLOCK spoke of the excellence of the balance sheet. He stated that he had been a member of the Council since 1884, and had never seen such a large balance in band. (Applause.) He hoped they would per-evere and get an even larger one next year. The question arose as to the disposal of the money. Arr. G. LEACH stated that considering the number of burglaries taking place lately, he thought it advisable to deposit the money in the hank. This was seconded by Mr. DELANEY. Mr. RICHARDSON suggested that the money be pat to further use and not banked. This suggestion WAS not approved, and finally a resolu- tion was passed that the matter begeft to the discretion of the Treasurer.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
UNEMPLOYMENT.

Mr. HALEY stated that at the meeting of the Inquiry and Labour Sub.committee of the Distress Committee three schemes were put forward to lessen the number of unemployed in Warrington. He believed there were 1500 out of employment in Warrington at the present time. Of these, 370 names were registered at the ILabour Bureau, there being 128 females and 2.12 males on the lisc. He was informed that the :lanchester unemployed numbered 2,000. He noticed that in addition to the £30,000 granted in loans to the Man- chester Corporation to enable them to undertake work fos the unemployed, a free grant of £lO,OOO had been given from the fund administered by Mr. John Burns. lie thought it advisable to ask for a free grant for Warrington. If the schemes which had been suggested were curried out it would considerably lessen the number of unemployed in the town, After some discussion it was agreed to request the Town Council to proceed with works of utility, as sug- gested by the Distress Committee, to mitigate the unemployment prevailing.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SNATCHED FROM DEATH AT WIDNES.

As a motor-car was travelling down Albert-road, Widnes, on Monday morning, at about 15 miles an hour a child of five years old ran straight in front of the car. —People shrieked and covered their faces, but a gentleman sitting with the driver leaned forward, and with wonderful presence cf mind caught hold of the child's clothing and dragged it into the car uninjured. The brake gear of the car was broken by the driver's efforts to pull up.—An eye-witness of the occurrence states that it tv. really a marvellous rescue.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
11.t4' (124"

ois happy mother, like thousands others. believes in nothing so nuch as Mother Seigers Syrup. The ays when household work was a Juran and the least exertion ,Ainful, when even her own children rritated her, are a long way behind. o are the headaches, the nasty -iste, the heartburn, the dizziness Id the constant feeling of fatigue. gnishcd like a bad dream Fhe first bought Mother and they will stay as Mother Seigel's dace in her cupboard. telard remedy for In- Disorders, and licine in hun- ;ram itish homes. hcr._Joel for father, the family

gel's Syrup is now prepared • Wet rem as Moth ff Scigel's :yrup Tablets. 2/9 per :tie.

rlefi't HER.

was . ,1147.V•.*".4.1311, -"'".-' r 71 1 att. leo ii ........, ~.....,..,, ..,::: 1, ~ t„..., . :::::, •--._,,,,-„:„ 1,-; 1 ti.s , / . •k". 7:., 0. ...,isnr.='..."'!l i., -••-- - N.,;!;t-tg.t,— / , . '. z-Alt)ti • e "V:,, ..,:,4...--.4(4.--,,,. -$ ~ /$ r „...",...„..,, 4 ' =mg Th. Also. cf._ ,Lhii- in, oyni dr NVOr. Li least • p, , her, iizr• , a ion' ( Sr ileadae' .leartliti •I ' ,lari'i.. _emste.nt They vanished the day she Scigel's Syri au-ay as loi., , Syrup has api [ It is the stand, digestion and Liver ~... the regular f'—'y mcdi, dreds of thou ids of Eli) Good for mot -. Goa Good for all Mother S 6 in Ti.!' '•aN, ST'

===== 0002601_19081114_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
r•A Trek Tr g"lt. 14'k 'N? 2TIp L,

SYR U P.

MY DEAR CHILDREN, I am pleased that so many of you are taking up the idea of working for the poor during the coming winter. It is a very good work indeed, and you will at least feel you have given help to some, even if you do not obtain a prize. I expect you are beginning to look forward to el. Christmas holidays; it's not many weeks, is it, to that happy time? Well, I hope you are all doing your best, so that each of you may have a prize to carry home. Don't forget our "Children's Corner." I want a Jot of entries for the Competitions before the holidays come round. Perhaps some of ycu missed my letter last week, in which I gave particulars:— Fir(.—To the sender of the best article of clothing for some poor child I will give a P.O. for ss.

-- Secorully.7-For boys only. I offer prizes for the best essay on " Cricket and Football. Which I prefer, and why? " Thirdly.—For boys and girls. The best story or anecdote connected with Christmas.

You thus 6ee that all of you have a chance of winning a pr:ze. Now, I hope you will do your best, and not forget me in the busy time that is coming. Yours., with love, UNCLE NED. -+-

Dear Uncle ed,—You cannot think how pleased I was to see my name among the pr:ze-vrinners. I shall be pleased to do my best to contribute eloth:ng for the poor this winter, as I find the smallest [parcel is received with thanks,—l remain, your loving niece,

FLORENCE E. DARK. -4--- POOR BERRY.

A famous comedian arranged with his green- grocer, named Berry, to pay him quarterly. But the bill came in long before it wais due, and the comedian, in great wrath, called upon him and addressed him thus: " I say, here's a fine mul-berry. You cent in your bil-berry before it was dew-berry. Your father, the elder- berry, would not have been such a gooce-berry. You needn't look so black-berry, for I don't care a straw-berry, and- I shan't pay you until Chr;stmas-berry. CLARA DAY.

Dear Uncle Ned,—As I was reading the "Corner," I thought I would write you a few lines. I think a nice Competition would be to tell the life of a pet dog. Most boys and girls are fond of dogs, and so am I. Every one knows something about dogs. I must now close, with best love. F. RAYBOULD.

-4.- THE SMALLEST DOG IN THE WORLD.

Nearly two hundred different kinds of dogs! Think of it! And yet this ie not difficult to believe; for, we have water dogs, and watch dogs, and sheep doge, and fighting dogs, and pet dogs, and sledge dogs‘ and carriage dogs; big dogs and little dogs, long-legged and short- legged doge; dogs for killing rats, and dogs for killing wild boar; dogs for use, and dogs for ornament.

Sometimes the fash'on has been for big dogs; and then what giants were suddenly grown! Why, there have been doge as large as Shet- land ponies! Then slender dogs were in Co- mand, and, behold! dogs like shadows, with legs like pipe-steins, came into existence. As for the ugly dog fashion—well, perhaps you will not think so, particularly if you have an ugly dog, but, nevertheless, the pug dog answers this demand.

Then there Is the little dog—the toy dog, as it is called. The smallness to which a'dog, can be reduced is remarkable; and if the size of the very smallest dog had not been officially recorded, no one could be blamed for doubting the facts concerning the little fellow. "Tiny," a lack-and-tan terrier, has the honour of having been the smallest full-grown dog that ever lived. He belonged to Lieutenant- General Sir Archibald Maclaine. of England, and in honour of his extreme tininess, :s now carefully preserved under a glass case. Tiny was less than four inches long, and could comfortably curl up and take a -nap in a common glass tumbler. An ordinary finger. ring was large enough for his collar; and when he sat up, a baby's hand would almost have made a broad and safe resting-place for him. Of course, Tiny was of no account against a rat. Indeed, a hearty. self-respecting mouse would have stood its ground against the little fellow. But if Tiny had not strength, he did lave courage, and would bark as lustily as his little lungs would let him at the biggest rat that ever lived—when the rat was dead.

To tell-the whole truth, Tiny was remarkable and he was famous, but he was not very happy. He could have hid almost anything he wished to eat, but he had no appetite. He shivered most of the time, even though he was usually hidden in warm wraps. Of course, he caught cold easily, and then, oh, dear! how pitifully he did sneeze!

~-,---: ----f-,-- . ..,:- - ",-4-,,L,::: ,t4.l':' T ;-.,,,r-',..?4, .4,5KA: ..:1i,....0=1,....,„ .-.. •. . . .. i-- —;.. :-- .... 44.- ~. II -- ~ ~,,,,.,3,..,, ...-_;.t.:. ~..:-... •tr_. ,v,53,. , ..•-' • . "'"'" - .".•' :ZAX% .. '..7 •- i. --:45•4... :-.&41}404.7•;,,, '. i, : t;',`":,....L2-- , -^.^.. '',' q,t.,..:.'..:::.!*.°:, e•-iT:s-', N D. Q.'o',/ //"\VS'....L. V,. ~- „T,-,: i- --, -1,*,.,.,'. ~ ti ': 4 ' ' : .I.4l4sil'*-24i . "1 ' `•-."-Anall"tik_e*,_ . ',. ',.(,41. , • ,4!' 1'6V..17, -, 1 ' ''''',:' ...)4. " . j'''''' ' : ...4111111141111". •:, . . ',,,,,,,,,,...,,,,,4.4,e.,41 . rid --- A• ..-, 4 . ~,' 1.•

===== 0002601_19081114_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
-4---

Coal is dearer in South Afrioa, than in any other part of the world; it is cheapest in China.

- Quite a profitable business is done in steno c,f the large 6:des by renting turtles to -restaur- ants. They are permitted to remain on thear bad-s a few days _before die onstoniers, and are then whirled off to some other section of the city as advertisements for other eating- h °uses.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
:-._+-...

The word's blind are computed .to number one million—about one sightless person to every fourteen hundred inhabitants.

___4 -

A Manchester man who picked up a gold ring in the street the other day, took it home Ind found, by a singular coincidence, that it belonged to his wife.

- In England more than 10,000,000 ail lamps are used nightly. Lamp accidents cause about 300 deaths annually in London alJone, ICS fires a year having been trated ,to them.

—+-- The largest underground elsoroughtare in this country is in Central Derbyshire, where tau oan walk seven miles upon a road con- tecting several coal mines.

In 1/. & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
PUTTING THIS AND THAT TOGETHER.

Great-grandfather Pritchet rubbed his spec- tacles right and left and up and down, and blew upon them, and set them astride of his nose, and took out hid nippers and pincers and drivels, and gathered together the mathinery•of the new, lag, bright engine with ;all the insides and outsides of "a regular stcamer"—which the boys had takes apart. And every one nudged and looked at evety one else, for Great-grandfather Pr.teliet was a greet man its his way, and nobody could have helped 'yoking and nudg ng when smokettacks. and boilers and shafts arta pipes and p.stons went into a hempen bag, and Grandfather Frit- chet sat on the thres-legg2d stool .sh.k.ng thenr up. _ _

What is that for, please?" ventured yeurg Wilfred, chucking a bit to ly'rmelf. "I'm haking the engine together," was tha reply. _

It will smash every single thlng," muttered Johannes.

And Great-grandfather Prnchet locked ad:C:l7 from under the glasses as;r:de of his nose and exclaimed-: " Odd! very odd!" . So it was; and every one was kaire of it. You said you would put it together," muttered Johannes, not very gleefully, "and you are shaking it to bits I". • " How's that? Is- it iposseble I " ejaculated Great-grandfather Pritchet, eying the bag cat - side; then glancing within. "No; not a ht of it. Boy, you are mistaken! It is but takrn; form: • the parts are but seleet:ng their • atti- tudes,; they are but preparing to combne—to slip into their appointed places." And the nippers and pincers arid hammers and drivers lay coolly on the floor, whfle Great- grandfather Pritchet shook the bag as. before.. Johannes bit his lip and turned red in the face, and twirled about on his high heel, and fra brothers whispered among themselves, wa:ting to see what was to come next.

" It will be ruined, gr.mdfather—ruined and broken to bits! Please let me have the bag." " Howl Why? For what?" inquired Great- grandfather Pritchet, calmly, as if amazed. " Will it not put itself together? " " Why, hem can it. without hands?" " How can it without somebody to do it? " "It takes a head as Well as hands to put a etcam-engine together!" three voices exclaimed.

Great-grandfather Priteha looked gravely at his bag. " A head as well as hands?—in other worde, -a man. That is odd enough, to be sure! But ! now answer me thin: If it take 3 a head and ' hands to put a. toy steam-engine together, what. must it take to put a man together ?—man. wh3 is a mass of wonderful thsucci, nerves, muecies, bong; man, who is setts live and intelligent— breathing. moving, thinking; man, with his wonderful body continually reconFtructing itself; so infinitely delicate in mechanism that. !a pin's point of deviation from 1113 pr:ttper arrangement gives ane.u.sh ; so wonderfully con- trueted that it moves in all its ecippi.eateid ways without effort and without pain—who is to put such a creature together? " And the three lads answered, ," God."

" Now, suppose I put this steam-eng;rie, together, and make it run smoothly," inclufrel Great-grandfather Piitchet, eying the bag, " what will you do for your patt, Johaimeg, for the steam-engine is yours? " " I shall thank you very much, sir." k Great-grandfather Pritchet stamped his foot with its buckled shoe, and Johannes knew that he had made the right answer. •

"There are four of us here whom God hras put together. All our joints work; all our hearts pump; our lungs take in the air And puff it out; our stomachs take charge of our food and deal it about to our • wearing. bod'Ats! Our ears hear, our eyes enable us to see, and our brains carry on a world of busins. Which of us has a misfitted jo:nt, or a badly made bit of machinery, oi finds anything at all wrong or out of placo in his whole body? 'Why, not one of 123 ; not one of us, though I am not so brisk a runner as I once was—not a conl of us! And whom have we to thank? Put on your hats, • boys; the air eutside; too. is clear and bright; we shall not spend llianksg.ving morning fitting steam-engines together when we have not thanked God that we are in comfort- able working order ourselves. Be quick now, and fly about!" And Great-grandfather Prrtehet stamped hard on the floor with his spry, bebuckled fobt. till the boys started for their hats; and the boys whisked about as though trying their joints, and Great-grandfather Pritchet burg the hem- pen bag on a nad, while he and the three younger Pritchets went to g:ve thanks.‘ A CHILD'S EVENING PRA'YET. Lord, I have passed anciher day, I come to thank Thee for Thy cure; Forgive my faults in work and And listen to my evenineranyer. Thy favour gives me daily bread. And friends who all my wants supply, And safely now I rest •my head. Preserved and guarded by Thine eye. Look down in pity. and forgive • What I have said or done amiss, - And help me every day I live To serve Thee be6ter now than tYs. Now, while I speak, be plc:2F el to take A helpless child beneath Thy care, - And condescend, for Jesus' sake, To lleten to my evening prayer. 3,1.

. —+— Alen very full. • fire bigg,dst ocean En.,r in the woirld is :WA to be ahle ti carry £3O 003 - worth of pasSengers on a single journey. ••. It is a strange fact that the rilrlA band. wle.ch • - is more sensitive to the touch tihon the kit, - is less sensitive than the latter to the effect of heat or cold.

-4--

The average fair-hated person has 150,030 hairs on the scalp. Elaek hair is tren.a.a;ly thicker, and only .about 100,000 would be the usual allowance of a dark perna.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
-7747-7

A shilling invested in the year one at 6 per cent. compound interie v,-.c.uld have increased by now to a greater sum in gold than the whol.e of the 6olar system enuld contain.

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has een kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frac for 14stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

===== 0002601_19081114_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

NOVEMBER.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FRO.SI NI ARRINGTON

- - Acton bridge-7 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 2 55, a 3 35 5 12, 5 52, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a ffellneslays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22 5 30,7 11,8 35, 9 58, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 4 42, ae 23, 7 20, 8 37, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22, 5 30, T 11,1 35,9 58,11 42,11 55 a.m. 1 54, 4 42,6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. Chester-7 31, 817, 853, 95, 10 28, 11 30 a.m 12 30, 1 40, 20, 3 19, 4 22, 445, 530, 64, 7 57, 85, 10 13, 11 18, 11 57, p.m. Sundays- -42, a.m. 745, 11 37 p.m. Collins Groan 7 11, 85, 8 23,9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 930, 10 35 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 1230,2 0,3 19, 4 45,5 30, 6 4,3 5, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 31, 95 a.m. 1230, 20, 3 19, 4 4.5, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30,7 11, 8 5, 8 23, 8 35,9 19, 10 15 1055, 11 55 a.m. 1225, 115, 245, 345,40, 515, 637,78, 7 40, 9 30, 10 30, 10 35, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10 6 0, 7 57, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 347, 5 15,6 20, 80, 104 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40,3 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 3, 9 5, 10 28 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 422, 445, 530, 64, 757, 85, 1018, 11 18 p.m. Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. oolborne-5 30, 7 11, 835, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 40, 5 15, 720, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 31, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 5 30, 64, 85,10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 55,7 45,8 10,9 3,98,10 35a.m. 1 36,458,7 10,8 22,9 15, 10 4, all 50 p.m. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 18 a.m. 3 15, 5 0,7 18,930 p.m. a Saturdays y . Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55,10 53 Lm. 12 33, iii, 226 335, 4 9, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25. a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35,8 10 P.R. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 537, 7 d, 7 51, 85,850, 95, 9 50, 10 35, 1050, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 18, hl 13, 1 50, 2 17, 2 50, 525, 3 50, 4 3, 4 15, 4 50, 5 0, 5 50, 62, 6 50, 7 5, 7 50,8 0, 8 50,9 3, 9 45, 10 5, 1040, blO 42, bll 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239, 4 46,6 22,7 10, S 29, 9 is, 10 20,10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. et N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 26, 7 11,7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 45, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 7 8, 7 40, 80, 9 30, 10 4, 10 35, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. h Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 240, 3 23, 5 18, 60,80, 10 8 p.ra. Lymm-6 15, 717, 755, 830, 90, 955, 10 53 Cm. 1233, 111, 226, 335, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 725, aB3O, 9 30, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from 4rpley. Sundays 6 30, 8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,b11 40 p.m. I stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 45, a 4 45, b 4 56, 38, b7ll, 85 823, 835, 919, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 17, 1 15,2 41,245, 331,1 0,4 26,5 15,553,6 33,7 20, 8 6, b 9 23, 10 30, a Mondays only, b Saturdays only. Sundays, 2 45, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15,6 0, 7 57,9 3 p.m. 6 53, 6 33,7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 9 40, 10 30 p.m. &Mondays enly. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 8 10, 8 55, 93, 955, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 1255, 155, 3 5,1, 3 5, 4 55,4 53, 5 55, 655 7 10, 755 8 22, • 55 9 15, 9 55, blO 4, bf.l 25, 11 50 p.m. • Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 is, 11 18 p..m 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 718, 855, 9 15, 9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 52, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,1)4 43,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 15, 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 17, 12 25, 1 15, 1 54, 2 45, 3 31, 4 0, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 8 43, am. 3 35, 5 13, GO, 7 57, 10 8, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Monslays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 8 10, 8 40, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1219, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 30 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 347, 5 15,6 20, 8 0, 10 1 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 8 5,9 5, 10 0, 11 10 a.m. 120, bl 0 al 13, 2 21, 35, 420, 5 30,6 26, 75, 80, 910 MO 5,a10 42 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97, p.m. 018 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8.35, a 9.39, 11.4, a.m. 1.27, 3.28, 4 20, 50, b 6. 20, 6 25, 80, 9,10, 10.40, P.m- Sundays, 9.32, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 226, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 30 p.m. Sundays 6 30.8 46 aoar.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WAR,RINOTON FROA

Acton Bridge-6 31,7 40, 8 14,939,1057 a m. 12 31, 43 0,3 55, 4 38, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)--7 50, 8 22, 9 55, 10 20, II 10, 12 45 a.m. al 30, 3 3, 5 5, 6 48, 8 30,9 40, 10 5, P.m. Sundays 7 10 a.nx. 1 15, 4 52, 8 50, p.m. a Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 30, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 23, 520, 7 0, 845, 10 0, 1030 p.m. Sundays 720 a.m. 137, 58, 730 p.m. Chester-2 15, 4 20, 7 20, 8 45,9 33, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 2 25, 30, 3 50, 45, 5 20, 5 23, 630, 7 35, 8 lb, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 420,6 40,7 15 a.m. G 55, p.m. Collins Green-6 30, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 0, 3 5,3 56, 5 38, 6 42, 7 37, 9 6, 10 43, alo 53 P.M. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays Only. Daresbnry-8 9,10 15,11 21 a.m.2 44,4 44,66, 710, 849 p.m. Sundays 733 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 34, 9 50,10 52 a.m.2.17,4 17, 5 35, • 42, 823 p.m. Sundays 655 run. 7 9 p.m. Harlestown-.7 2,7 13, 8 45, 850. 9 15, 945, 10 23, 1036, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 1 14, 2 13, 327, 4 51, 9 43, 654, 655, 745, 88, 9 10, 939, 10 47, 10 56, 112 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 32, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7.23, 10 16 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 54, 9 42, 10 45 0-111. 12 3, al2 59, 2 11, 3 27, 54, 6 2,6 58, 919 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Sattudays only. Frodsham-7 49, 90, 9 58, 11 4, a.m. 226, 49,4 26, 9 48,6 56, 8 33, p.m. Sundays 7 12, 7 29 a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne-6 44,8 26,10 17,a.m. 12 17,2 41, 430, 30, 7 15, 9 25, 10 37 a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 75 p.m. Helsby-741, 8 56, 9 51, 1058, a.m. 210, 44,422 542, 647, 823 p.m. Sunday 7 3,7 25 a.m. 718 p.m. 'darn and CAdisbead-6 16, 6 48, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, 9 53, 10 23 a.m. t 7, 2 15, 4 54, 7 4,8 56, 11 20, p.m. Snndays 8 30,9 18, 1050, a.m. 1 20, 2 22, 655, 8 50, 100 p.m, Latchford-7 55,8 40, 9 22, 100, 11 11 a.m. 1 20. 1145,213,30, 338, 423, b 539, 69, 649, 749, 9 51, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. o Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, G 30, 730, 7 48, 812. 630, 8 36. 9 15. 930, 933, 9 45, 1030, 11 30, 11 45 a.m. 1230, 12 55, 13, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 35, 2 43, 40, 4 30,4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 630, 635, 7 30, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, WO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50. 8 45, 10 40, a.m. 230,3 15, 3 50, 4 30, 6 15, 6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (1.. N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50, 6 10, 7 0,8 5, 3.5, 95, 930, 9 55, 11 0 Rail. 1221,120,245,30, a 35,4 13,4 20, 4 50,5 10,6 10, 6 55, 8 25, 8 35,9 o,blo 5 10 45, b 1115 p.m. a Mondays only. b Satnrclays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20a.m.2 10,6 30,7 15,10 43 p.n. Lymm-7 48,832, 9 14,9 52, 11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37 25, 2 50, 330, 4 15, b 5 81, 61, 641, 731, 945 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdaysexcepted Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester(Central)s 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, •30, 933, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 55, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 6 0, 6 30, 645, 730, 8 30, 835. 9 25, 10 20, alO 55, 11 0 p.m, a Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 9 0, 9 30, 10 30 ft.M. 1 40, 20,25, G 0, G 35, 8 30,9 4 0 p.m Manchester (London Road.)-5 50, 6 45, 7 40, 85. , 30,9 5, 9 45, 10 45, 11 10 a.m. 12 33, 1 5,2 40,3 20, 5,4 20, 5 15, 6 0,7 15, 9 10,9 30, 10 35, 11 25 p.m., Sundays 7 30,9 20 a.m. 60, 10 35 p.m. Moore-G 59,9 6,11 9 a.m. 1243, a 3 12,4 8, 4 50, 733 pan. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 p.m., a Wednes- days find Saturdays only. Newton-le-WillOW5-6 55, 7 19, 8 40, 97, 9 29, 10 13,10 29,11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, a 1 28,3 7, 4 6,4 31, 4 15, 5 38, 5 50, G 27,7 41, 85. 9 36, 10 ;10 59. 411 51 p.m. Sundays 8 28, 9 50,10 0 a.m. 3 90, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 27, 6 58, 80, 8 29, 90,10 3 a.m. 120, 20, 55, 6 20, 7 15, 98. 1025, 1132p.m. Sundays 853, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 26 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 3 2, 430, 5 40,6 30, S 12,10 20 p.m. Sundays 9 0 a.m. 3 4 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 833,9 25. 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. , 35, 1 10, 2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26, 5 36, 6 23,7 25, 8 15, 0 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m,4 3 854 Nrfiluibport-7 50, 9 0, 10 15, 10 50, 12 25, 1 20, 2 40 3 55, 525, 70,8 5, 05, 10 O. Sundays 90, 20. 7 50. a Saturday only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 9 18,9 56, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, !tl. 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 31, 4 19, la 5 35, 6 5, 6 45, 7 35,9 49, 11 37 p.m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 229,7 19 p.m. a olatardaya only. b Saturdays excepteti.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL AND SAVINLS BANK REGULATIONS

For farther particulars see " Post Office Guido," at any Post Office. POSTAGE STAMPS. Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny stamps are !Jr on sale at each post office. Price 2s.

INLAND CORRESPONDENCE. The term " Inland Correspondence" means cor- respondence posted within the United Kingdom, including the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands. "Inland Correspondence" is divided into the following classes : (a) Letters (d) Newspapers (b) Postcards (e) Parcels (c) Half penny packets Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trgns- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size.

LETTER POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows : Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... ld. For every additional 2 0z5.... Id. A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a letter insufficiently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one foot in depth. POST-CARDS. The prepaid rate of postage on every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 51 inches in length by 31 inches in width, or be less than 3f inches in length by 2t inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and fl-inch wide) bearing the address may now be affixed to the address side of card. If any of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. HALFPENNY PACKET POST. The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 20z. in weight. Printed matter, &c., not in the nature of a letter, may be tsausmitted by this method. NEWSPAPER POST. The prepaid rate of postage on a registered news- paper, including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others is id. Newspapers not registered at the General Post Office aro treated in the pcst like any other printed matter. PARCEL POST. The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: For a parcel ... ... not exceeding 1 lb. 0 3 PP exceeding 1 lb. IP 2 lb. 0 4 PP 0 lb IP 3 lb. 0 5 If PI 3 lb. 11 5 lb. 0 6 PI 5 lb. I 7 lb. 0 7 If 7 lb. If 8 lb. 0 8 IP 11 8 lb. „ 9 lb. 0 9 9 lb. 10 lb. 0 10 PI Pt „ 10 lb. 11 lb. 011 No parcel may exceed 11th. in weight. The size allcrwed for an inland parcel is:— Greatest length... ... 3 ft. G in. Greatest length and girth combined 6 ft. 0 in. For example—A parcel measuring 3ft. Gin, in its longest dimensions as much as 21t. Gin, round its thickest part ; a short parcel may he thicker ' • thus, if it measure no more than 3ft. in, length, it may measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. The postage on a parcel must be prepaid. Mark each parcel Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postage are in order before leaving. PARCELS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL). Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similar to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The customs charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The posta.ge varies to different countries and must be prepaid. MONEY ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issues single money order for more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a id. can be contninod in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 2d. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, 43.; £2O, Gd. ; £3O, Bd. ; £4O, 10d. By paying an additional 2d. and cost of the telegram of advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order i may be issued for places abroad varies n each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ; £2, Gd. ; and above that, 3d. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A fee of 6d. in addition to the ordinary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS.

These are obtainable at any money order office in the United Kingdom, and possess the advantage over money orders that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed, they can be paid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by 6d., from Gd. to £l. Is. The poundage fees are :—id. up to 2s. 6,1. ; Id. up to 155.; lid. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always fill in the name of the person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is numbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should bo retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- master-General will entertain no further claim after an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to make up odd sums..

TELEGRAMS (INLAND). The Postmaster-General possesses,almost entirely, the privilege of transmitting,collecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the United Kingdom. 'fhe charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of 6d. which covers 12 words, and an additional id. tor each extra word. This charge includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a sub-office then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made from the office door. All charges are, as far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, but sender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five figures count as one word. The coat of a reply may be prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated on payment of half the original charge, which extra payment is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or handed to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost of registering an abbrevi- ated address, which must consist of two words, is £1 IS. TELEGRAMS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL) Must be written on special forms and are accepted in the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK.

These are established at all money order ofTiCes. In ordinary cases the annual deposit must not exceed £5O, and the total amount £2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children under seven years of age cannot be withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is Is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps affixed to a special form. Each depositor receives a bank book in which the amount of each deposit . . . . .

_ should be entered at the time of paying in. If. the deposit is £1 or over a special acknowledgment is sent from the bead London office. Interest is allowed at the rate of 21 per cent. Any amount up to and including £1 may be withdrawn without previous notice, on presenting a bank book. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking and adding interest. The withdrawal of money can bee xpedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of telegrams. P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK LIND CHARGES. The fees for the use of the Trunk lines are as follows:— For 25 miles or under 3d. " 50 " " 75 „ If „ 100 „ „ /- „ every additional 40 miles or fraction thereof... _ 6d,

Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m., six minutes conversstlon is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., aud a rediiced charge is made for three minute calls.

MOTOR CAR. AND CYCLE REOLTLATIONS.

_ Each one Must be registered with the council of a county or county borough, the fee being Z 1 fored motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A register a nuniber is assigned to each, which it is an offence not to keep affixed when driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other effences. The highest speed at which a car racy be driven on the public highways is 20 miles an hour, which is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the Motor Car Act (1903), to drive a car in such a way on a public highway as to be dangerous to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the Case. In the event of an accident to any person due to be presence of the motor car on the road, the river must supply his name and address, and the twner and.number of the car, under heavy penal- odie The driver must produceh is licence at the sequest of a police constable.

The Examiner, Saturday November 14, 1908.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

NO NERVOUS DISEASES IN BABYLON.

_ Professor Frederick Delitsch, lecturer on Assyriology, has written an interesting paper on the Babylonians. He says they experi- enced all the ills our modern flesh is heir to except nervous diseases—these they did not know. Ancient Babylonians indulged in most of the food still eaten, and bread they called the staff of life. They drank a liquor made from dates, the equivalent of modern Kirsch- wasser, also wine, but the most popular drink was water. Life they characterised as: "Eat bread and drink water."

CONTAGIOUS DISEASES AND PURE AIR. Dr. Petereert asserts " that the human body is the reagent of the atmosphere, and reacts in health and diseme against every impurity in it." From this he draws the fol- lowing inferences: In tonfined air the germs of disease abound and poison the .system. It becomes pure only by freedom and exposure to the sun ; in infancy, light is a powerful stimulant to nutrition ; in all contagious die- eases and in eruptive maladies we obtain the beet results by exposure of the child to pure air as .long as possible ; we are able to ex- plain the good effects of this exposure by the greater purity of the air inhaled, and conse- quently the greater quantity of it, for Nature instinctively objects to inhaling that which is impure, and by the improved nutrition and the better digestion of food, for pure air, as well as light, promotes digestion and assimi- lation in a most remarkable manner.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH TEMPERATURE AND RADIUM.

The question of the effect of high tempera- tures on radio-activity has been much dis- cussed, anclii different experimenters have arrived at different conclusions. In a com- munication made to a scientific gathering in Cologne, Messrs. Schmidt and Cermak claim to have discovered the reason of the discre- pancy. They find that with the radium in a new quartz tube, there is no change in the radiation on heating. When he experiment is conducted in an old tube, however, the diffusion of the products of combustion through the material of the tubes may cause an apparent increase. It is claimed that it has been shewn that temperatures up to I,soodeg. Cent, produce no change whatever in radio-activity. This tends to throw doubt on the view that radio-activity is due to the spontaneous breaking-up of the radium atom. Such high temperatures could scarcely fail to accelerate such a breaking - up.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
TREATMENT OF RHEUMATISM.

Dr. A. F. Schell-Schmidt states that he has had very indifferent results from the admini- stration of the salicylates, as a rule; his cases dragging along, week after week, without ap- preciable benefit from them. Lately he began a systematic exhibition of aspirin in acute rheumatism, and the results obtained have been exceptionally favourable. He gives the drug in doses ranging from ten to twenty grams, prescribing it in powders, and direct- ing the patient to suspend it in water by the aid of sugar. It is insoluble in water and also in acid media, passing unchanged into the intestines, where it is decomposed. As- pirin was found to have an action similar to salicylate of sodium without the distressing stomach disturbances of the latter. Its action in the author's hands was very rapid, very few cases requiring more than twenty-four fifteen-grain powders.

THE GREAT NEBULA OF ORION. One of the most striking spectacles revealed of late by telescopes, says Popular Scientific Siftings, is that of the great nebula in Orion. In the complexity of its glowing streams, spirals, and strangely - shaped masses, inter- cept4d by yawning black gaps and sprinkled over with stars arranged in suggestive groups and lines, it has few rivals in the heavens. The impression of astonishment matie by the sight of this nebula is heightened by know- ledge of its enormous size. The entire solar system would .appear as a tiny speck beside it. Yet this tremendous aggregation of nebu- lous clouds and starry swarms has now been proved by the researches of the astronomers of the Lick Observatory to be flying away from the earth and the sun at the rate of eleven miles in every second. But so vast is its distance that 100 years reveal no visual effects of the great nebula's swift retreat. If it were near by, it would seem to become rapidly smaller.

FUTURE OF THE CONTINENTS. Mons .Charles Lallemancl, the general director of Levelling operations in France, t.srges the desirability of an international understanding for the study of the evolution and future changes of the surface of cur globe. He recommends that in every coun- try, two or three times in a century, funda- mental measurements of level should be made. These should be applied even to re- gions apparently perfectly stable. Thus future generations, he says, would come to pcssess strict scientific data for determining the ele- vations or lowerings of mountain chains, basins and coasts, and the probable drying up or deepening of ports—in a word, would be able to predict the future of the continents."

===== 0002601_19081114_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY IRON RUSTS.

Dr. Cushman announces as a result of ex- tensive investigations that the rusting of iron is really due to electricity. He started \ his re- searches with the object of discoverizt somd method of preventing the corroSion of wire fences—a subject of vital interest to farmers. He found that the first attack on the iron is made by hydrogen in the form of exceedingly small particles, not as the text-books have taught us, by oxygen. This is in agreement with the modern theory that many sub- stances when they are dissolved in water are dissociated into ions, or minute particles smaller even than atoms, all carrying elec- trical charges. Even pure water contains a certain number of these. . Acid impurities multiply the hyd:.ogen ions and strengthen them in their corrosive effect upon iron. The, action is purely electric, and involves an ex- change of the electric relations between the hydrogen and the iron. Dr. Cushman dis- covered that active oxilising agents, such as chromate and biehromate of potash, prevent rusting by safeguarding it against attack by the hydrogen ion. By immersing the iron in a concentrated solvition of bicliromate acid, and then washing and wiping it, the metal is rendered passive, so that it becomes capable of resisting electro-chemical attack.

DESTROYING INSECTS BY ELECTRICITY.

Satisfactory results have been obtained at Zittau, Saxony, by an ingenious method of insect destruction. The caterpillars of a cer- lain kind of moth have been working great damage during the lest few years in the fir wOods of Germany, where many thousands of acres have become a prey to the voracious in- sect. These moths fly during the early hours of the night, from ten o'clock in the evening to one o'clock in the morning, and they are easily attracted by light. In fact, the night gleam of cities and lighted railway trains has been repeatedly found to determine the tracks followed by them. In the method em- ployed for destroying them powerful search- lights were erected, which throw their light ion the parts most frequently visited by n- sects from the neighbouring forests. The in- sects were destroyed by a fan exhauster placed close to the searchlights. A piece of wire gauze of about lcm. mesh was stretched out in front of the discharging opening of the exhauster, against which the moths are thrown. The apparatus used in connection with the definite tests comprised two search- lights; resistances for controlling the current; and flame-are lamps for further lighting the suction opening of the fan. Three walls. of the collector - box consist of iron 'wire gauze of 7•smm. mesh. After being filled until pre- venting the passage of an adequate air cur- rent, the collector is removed front the, fan and emptied of its content. A point of special importance, adcorcling to the Times, was to ase4rtain suitable elevated points for installing the electrical apparatus whence the most infested forests could be lighted as well as nossible. Those selected comprised the roof of the city electricity works, the tower of the city hail, the roof -of a municipal school, and that of a factory. Excellent rekults were obtained, _

===== 0002601_19081114_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

,THE NORTHERN UNION.

Goalot any descripton 2 Try 3 0. T. P. G. T. P. Australians -- - -

Australians THE NORTHEIVI`.Z RUGBY LEAGUE.

*Bradford N'th'rn 0 1

3 Leeds 0 0 0

*York *Keighley *Halifax *Hull 4 3 17 Wakerld Trinity 0 2 6 *Batley 1 1 5 Huddersfield 1 1 5 Leigh Hull Kingston 11. 3 2 12 *S,ainton ..... .... 1 2 8 Merthyr Tydvil Mid-Rhondda Ebbw Vale LANCASHIRE CUP. FIRST ROUND. - - -

Wigan Warrington *Runcorn 1 1 5 Broughton Rang 1 1 5

Oldham 4 420 Salford Warrington's Fine Win at St. Helens. The first round for the Lancashire Cup saw the War- rington men in something like their old form, and they recorded a handsome win at St. Helens on Saturday before 3,000 spectators. Both teams turned out as selected in beautiful weather and a very fast game was witnessed, the visitors excelling at all points. Teams: St. Helens—Barton, back ; Manchester, Helsby, Hillen, and Flanagan, three-quarter backs : Trenwith and Hill, half-backs : Brier' Prescott, Smith, Pope, Mavity, and Mooney, forwards. Warrington—Tilley, back ; Fish, Dickenson, ' Taylor, and Bradshaw, three-quarter backs ; Brooks and Jenkins, half backs; A. Boardman, P. Boardman, Belton, Naylor, Hewitt, and Chester, forwards. Referee, Mr. H. Farrar, Keighley. Touch judges, Messrs. A. Jones, Runcorn, and H. Lee, Leigh. Warrington opened in determined style, the forwards rushing the ball to the home line, when Barton made a plucky save. The Saints tried hard to get away, but were overvratched and from a penalty, Fish opened the , scoring with a fine goal from near touch. Prescott ' broke away, and Tilley kicked the bailout of the hands. Dickenson attempted to get through, but was offside. Barton marked, and St. Helens' backs started a passing movement, but Hillen missed the ball. Hill passed prettily to Flanagan, who got away, but was forced in touch. P. Boardman cleverly intercepted a pass from Hill, and Barton saved whoa things looked black for St. Helens. Jenkins was tackled on the home line, and the forwards relieved. Fish raced over, from a cross kick' by Bradshaw, but had been off-side. St. Helens were now penned in their own quarter where Fish made a desperate effort, but was tackled, and Jenkins succeeded in getting over after Manclasster had mulled a low pars from Trenwith. Fish took the shot at goal, but failed. Fine passing and kicking gave Warrington a good position in the home quarter, but the home forwards made a strong dash to centre. War- rington forced them back, and Brooks passed to Dickenson, who dashed away, and at the right moment transferred to Fish, who again rushed over at the corner, but failed at goal. Hillen then dashed away and passed to lielsby, who returned the pass, but Hillen dropped the leather. and Brooks cleared. St. Helens showed better form, and made their appearance on the Warrington quarter-line. Brooks got away and passed to Jenkins, who transferred to IFish, and he succeeded in racing over the corner. Brooks this time took the shot at goal, and was successful. Trenwith broke away from a scrummage, and passed to Hillen, who kicked over the Warrington line. A good follow-up was made, but the ball rolled into touch. A fine effort was made by Jenkins, Taylor, and Bradshaw-, the latter losing the ball when tackled on the line. After some pretty pass- ing by Brooks, Jenkins, Taylor, and Dickenson, the latter got in under the posts, and Fish landed a goal. Warrington were again dangerous, but Briers relieved. St. Helens had a free kick close in, but the ball was kicked to the Warrington line, where Fish made a clever mark, which enabled Warrington to clear. Half- time :—Warrington, 3 goals 4 tries (16 points) ; St. Helens, nothing. A. Boardman restarted, and Manchester secured the leather, but was pushed in touch before be could get in his return. After five minutes' play Dickenson retired with an injured knee and Hewitt took his place. St. Helens made a big effort, and from a scrimmage near the Warrington line the leather was passed out to Hill, who tipped it neatly across to Manchester, who suc- ceeded in grounding the ball as Fish made a desperate attempt to tackle him. Play became most exciting,but the Warrington men by some strong play made their way to the centre, where some fine work was seen by Hillen and Flanagan, but they bad to meet with some smart tackling. Brooks passed to Hewitt, who handed to Fish, but he knocked on. A spirited rush by the borne forwards carried play to the visitors' line, and a try was only averted by one of the Warrington men knocking the ball back with his band. A free kick was granted to St. Helens, and Flanagan had distinctly hard times. A moment later, however, Flanagan fielded a cross-kick cleverly and beat the Warrington defeme at the corner. St. Helens lost the services of Mooney, and Warrington rallied, Fish being recalled after he had robbed Barton under the posts. He was next laid out with a knock on the head, but recovered and scored a brilliant try in the last ten minutes after being apparently surrounded. Final : Warrington, 3 goals 5 tries, 21 points ; St. Helens, 2 tries, 6 points. WIDNES v. WIGAN : THE VISITORS WIN IN THE SECOND HALF.

At Widnes before 4,000 spectators. The visitors had by far the best of the game, but half-time arrived with no score. Early in the second half Wigan showed their superiority. From a scrummage near the home line Wigan got possession, and passing between Gleave, Thomas and Todd ended in the latter getting over. No goal resulted. Wigan kept tip the pressure, and in less than five minutes.two more tries were added by Jenkins and Barton. Wigan were penalised in their own half, and Jones placed a goal for Widnes. The game became very vigourous for a time, and Lally, of Widnes, and Whittaker of Wigan, were sent off. Just before the finish Jenkins again crossed the line, and Thomas kicked a goal. Final :—Wigan 1 goal and" 4 tries (14 points), Widnes 1 goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19081114_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND BROUGHTON MEET THREE TIMES.

Broughton Rangers visited Runcorn on Saturday and did well to make a draw of the match. There was no score in the first halt,- but on resuming Ilardyman scored and Barlow goaled. Runcorn made great efforts and Walker sco,ed, but Padbury failed at goal. Before the end, however, he managed to equalise with a fine penalty goal. On Monday the game was re-played at Wheater's Field. On the Broughton side the only change was the substitution of Beetham for Winskill in the forwards, whilst Runcorn were compelled to make three changes, Deakin, Oakhill, and Kennedy taking the places of Flanagan, Watton, and Dickson. There were about 2,000 spectators present when the game started. In the first half Butterworth scored a try for Runcorn and Herdsman for the Rangers, both goal kicks failing. In the second half Hughes get a try for Runcorn and C. James for the Rangers, Jolly adding the goal points for the former and Barlow for the Rangers. The third meeting between the clubs took place on Wednesday at Oldham. Broughton were not quite at full strength and in the first half had R. Ciampi tt sent off by the Referee. Runcorn then scored tries by Deakin and Butterworth, Jolley kicking a goal. At half-time the score was Runcorn, 8 ; Rangers, nil. The latter made great efforts on resuming, and Mottram scored. Harris placed two goals and brought the score to within one point of Runcorn's. Jolley dropped a goal in the last quarter end Runcorn won by 2 goals, 2 tries (10 points), to Brotightcn 2 goals, 1 try (7 points.

The Kangaroos. Results of the Tour to Date. For. Against. Opponents G. T. P. G. T. P. Mid-11hoodda 4 4 20 0 2 11 Bradford Reehdale Hornets 1 1 5 0 0 0 York 1 1 5 1 1 5 Salford Runcorn Cumberland League ll 10 52 5 0 10 Leigh Dewsbury Yorkshire 3 6 21 1 3 11 Hunslet Aberdare

38 40 HG 20 23 109 Played 12, won S, lest 2, drawn 2.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
viffci Tower FLOO-4,,

A Id packet makes r 5 delicious light buns with rertaus success, Almond, Lemon, or Vanilla.

n...M...r1..,r'l

Lr•Lri-ri

Sold everywhere In boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) c 209 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19081114_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081114_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Ring up

Telephone No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING PRINTING

PRINTING

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

===== 0002601_19081114_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
John Walker & Co.

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Examiner Office, BEWSEY STREET.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, ecc., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or ottern on b:ue, white, or to.n2y paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLAES in the neatest a,yle, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMME9 for Entertainment, leoncerts Bt., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all E.kids of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing

Bookbinding Lithography.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP7 lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, numbered and Perforated to order.

ANDBILLS, in laTe or small quantities, cheap arid effective.

HTMN PAPFRS for Schools, Sermons, Services Vestivals. /co.

CATALOGUES fur Public -Ina Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

PRICE UN S Printed on card or paper Mae, trated, It regulrtd.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS IN

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest poster in the district,

601 n. x 40in. in one sheet.

VERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDELRS AND CATALOG LIES.

.CONCERT BILLS AND PRoGRAuBIES.

INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS,

AIIPHLETS, TIME BOORS, Mna. WORK, CATALOGUESO CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES: BALANCE SILEETS,

EXECUTED AT SHORT NoTWES.

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SUEETS NO !ICES OF MEETINGS FOSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

===== 0002601_19081114_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET,

WARRINGTON

I

1

, • • • • 5

. • •

NPRE

===== 0002601_19081114_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
QUESTIONS FOR TARIFF REFORMERS

to stop Imports in a trade' abolishes unemployment in that trade, how is it that the British shipbuilding industry, which is absolutely supreme in the world, and which has no imports at art, is one of the worst sufferers from unemployment P

-- The Board of Trade "Lour Gazette' for September, 1908, contains on page '270 the following paragraph : "Shipbuilding Trade Employment con- tinned bad. It was worse than a inotith ago, and much worse than a year ago. The,pertentage of Trade Union members unemployed at the end of August was 25.2 as'uompared with 2in July, 1908, and 03 in An,grig, 10117." _ Here, then, we have atrade in which: !.) .2 of the men employed —or, say, ene man in for—was out of -work from lack of work at the end of 'August, 1908. Could one imagine a more grievous 'condition of unemployment? And here is a record prepared by the Board of Trade for the Second 'fiscal Blue Book (Cd. 2337), which shows how variable is the condition of employ- ment in shipbuilding': UNEMPLOYMENT nMONGSrITOILER MAKERS AND IRON ANU STEEL SHIPBui LDERS, 1880-1903. Per emt. Per cent. Year. Idle. Year. Idle. 1880 ... 8.0 1892 ... 10.9 1881 ... 1-8 1893 ... 17.0 1882 ... 0.7 1894 ... 16.2 1883 . - 2.1 1895 ... - 13.0 1884 ... 209 ^1896 ... 95 1835 ... 222 _1897 - 8.6 1886 ... 21.6 1893 ... 47 1887 ... 161 1899 ... 21 1888 ... 7.3 1900 ... 2.3 1889 ... 20 -1901 ... 3.6 1890 ... 3.4 1902 ... 83 1891 ... 57 1903 ... 11-7 In shipbuilding there iso such thing as foreign competition. British shipyards are supreme. We turn out about two out of every three ships built by all the world. It is not because of ship imports, therefore, that there is unemployment in the ship- building trade. We are ship exporters all the time, and all vessels for our ownr register are built at home. Here we have a complete answer to the allegation that foreign competition is the cause of unemployment,and that only a tariff is needed to cure the evil. L. G. C. 11.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Municipal Contests and Religious Liberty. Sir.—lt is often stated that people at election times have a natural disinclination to probe into the meaning of words and phrases, alti are thus apt to place a mis- construction upon them, They have a fanciful desire for entertainment, and the mere attempt,on the part of a candidate for civic honours, to deal intelligently with what is essentially the ison d'etre of the friendly combat, viz. ; municipal affairs, results in either of two things—uproar or disaster. That statement may be exaggerated : I hope it is. But the Let remains that foreign matters.. am o intro- duced, and that they do not necessarily conduce to the selection of the proper person to fill the vacant posi- tion is sometimes seen. A new feature has been introduced into Municipal contests. It has been thought fit to deface certain buildings in a particular part of the town with placards bearing a strange device "Vote for So-and-So and Religious Liberty." The.phrase is complete in itself, I presume, for there is no further comment. But, sir, there are many who cannot understand what it means, and why it was introduced into the municipal election in, say, St. John's Ward. I will grant that " Religious Liberty " is not a new combination of words. It may be misunderstood, though. But if any two words ought not to be used with levity, and the use restrained by that due sense of propriety which such words demand—they are !` religion " and "liberty." They cannot have been coupled together and introduced into the election for no other purpose than that of hoodwinking the electorate. No political party would condescend to adopt such deplorable tactics, for apart from the Ignominy, the "burgesses would assuredly find them out, and sackcloth and ashes would not satisfy their shame. What, then, is the reason? There must be some religious motive, some import attached to, them, and their significance should not be stolen or lost. John Stuart Mill states that " there is always hope when people are forced to listen to both sides,' and I think, Sir, now that the elections are over, and folks have become calmer, the present, perhaps, is the most opportune time to venture to ask those who are respon- sible for the phrase to be good enough to give an explanation.—Thanking you for allowing me so much of your valuable space, truly yours, EDMUND OSBORNE.

Padgate, 11th November, 1901. -- A Call to Duty. Si;r-Will you allow men little space in your columns to draw public attention to a serious problem with whiela we are confronted? The question of nnemploy- ment.is engaging the minds of thousands of men and women in this country who are desperately in earnest that something must be done here and now for those who cannot find employment, and especially the women and children who are dependent upon them. The Government could do much, our local Council and various committees could do much, but while we are awaiting their final decision, men, women and children are starving in our midst. It is impossible to get and to keep a record of the number of unemployed as a large ma"ority of the workers are unorganised, and these in itaa main do not take the trouble to register their nainao. at the "Labour Bureau" because they are finding out that it cannot create employment but is simply a means of communication between ,employers and workmen, It is not on:y those who are out of employment entirely tiutt,are in need of help. There are large numbers now working short time; many of them are employed only two or three days a week, and the remuneratiomfor same is not sufficient to • purchase the bare necessaries of life where a wife and family are dependent. On_aeveral occasions of late I have visited the homes of some of our unemployed, and have seen and felt with them what poverty really means. The winter is upon us. There are hundreds of homes in Warrington at the present time with firegrates not heated, cupboards not full, children half-clad, and -women not dressed in tao best through no fault of their Own. Seeing that so rauchpavarty exists through unemploy- ment and that so many are too proud to beg, I would suggest that a start be made now to relieve the worst cases by someone offering -their services in each ward in the town who would inquka into all cases of poverty through unemployment that come to their notice and give what assistance they could by supplies received from anyone who would care to give for this purpose. I feel sure there are scorns who would willingly give something to relieve the distress during the winter if someone would undertake the trouble of investigation and distribution. f, therefore, am willing to make a start, and will gladly undertake to act in Whitecross Ward as a medium between all who care to give and those who are fortunate or unfortunate enough to receive. May I appeal, the; to all those who are willing to laclp to communicate with me, or if necessary I will mu:co a personal visit to all who desire it so that arrangements con be made. Cast-off clothing could either be sent to my address, or I could forward names and addresses of those who are most in ,need of the particular garments that anyone may care to give. With regard to shopkeepers and tradesmen who would care to help in the way of provisions, if they would let me know how much they were prepared to give weekly during the winter months I conld give notes up to that amount to the various applicants. I have ahead.; got the promse of 2CO loaves and a few other things. No amount would be tco small. Wila,t next, please?— Yours trulf,

NV. POOK,

===== 0002601_19081114_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
10, Bostoci:-street, Warrington. Novehlyer 11th, 1903.

PENKETH.

CONCERT.—A concert was given in the lecture ball, at the Friends School on Monday evening by Mrs. Jackson Holmes and party. Mr. W. E. Brown presided. The concert was a Ligh class one and was much appre- ciated by all. The programme was opened by the Ladies' Orchestra, wLich gave a splendid rendering of a " March." Miss Traziove sang "Fairies Lullaby," and was warmly applauded, and later in the evening she met with equal success in her singing. of "Killarney." Miss Bircball was heard to Advantage in her two violin solos. A " Study" was skilfully played on the piano by Miss Newell, and she was vociferously applauded. A pretty duet for two pianos was given by Miss Newell and Mrs. Holmes, which was well received. At intervals the Ladies Orohestra rendered selections in fine style, Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes accompaniad..-Votes of thanks were proposed and seconded by the scholars, to the performers and Mr. Brown, in supporting, said he hoped they would come again, as he thought that it would be an incentive to the scholars to see t 7.0 P:150,1 talant.— Kra. Holmes suit.4bly replied.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TREE CHURCH COUNCIL

!England was nearly always asserting that it was as free r more so than any of the Free Churtkeis. He thought, I however' that they could realize that the Church which} I had not the power to revise its own prayer book with- i I out the consent of Parliament hag a very precarious I freedom and a freedom which had very decided limita- tions. The Free Churches were free from'-State patron- _....m. . age and control, and they could take up the words ! The members of our local Parliament resumed the The Education Question and Socialism. ! , which Mr. George Russell used not very long ago in debate on the Right to Work Bill on Thursday evening. The annual meetings in connection With the Warring- 'speaking about the Church of England : 'A Free Church There was a fair attendance. 'ton and District Free Chnrch Council were held on in a free State is an ideal worth working for." They; Mr. J. Mc Deem in (Paisley) supported the amend- Thursday. In the afternoon a service was held in longed for the day when there would be a great addition! meat of the member for Oxford University that the Golborne-street Baptist Church, when the Preacher was to the Free Churches of the country, when the Church Bill be read six months hence. He complimented the the Rev. Dr. J. T. Marshall (Principal of Brighton of England would have shaken off the fetters ! President of the Local Government Board on the Grove College, Manchester), who based an impressive of State control and have come into line with ! earnestness with which he introduced the Bill. There discourse on the words: " And he that reapeth receiveth the other Free Churches. They would then have' was a general agreement as to the importance of the wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both no bother about Education Bills and they would not eueetion. something was required very urgently. The he that soweth and he that 'reapeth may rejoice together. ! have to fight as bard even to get a decent Licensing Government approached the question under very And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another . Bill. (Applause.) Touching upon the evangelical side favourable conditions ; but they had failed to rise to reapeth. I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed of the Free Churches, Mr. Letheren said their Gospel . the occasion—(Government cries of "No!")—this time. no labour ; other men leboured, and ye are entered into and their method went beyond millinery and rites. They must admit that there was a certain charm about their labours" (John ice 'verses 5,6 to 38). He Pointed They had a glorious gospel to proclaim of God's love, the whole scheme and it appealed to one as being rather out that every man who was Dorn into the world ,to men. When be compared the Royal Commission attractive, but when one came to analyse it, its I entered upon a heritage 'for which his hands had not report on ritual in the Church of England with the charm ore away. The scheme would create a staff ; laboured and in whith those who gave the toil arid ; pages of the New Testament he felt he had got into a of officials never created in so large a number ' service often had a very inadequate share. What a. different atmosphere altogether. When he read of the by any Act of Parliament. The Right to Work glorious heritage was that of our civil and religions , recent Eucharistic Congress in London and the Bill of the Labour party introduced in the late freedom which 'overY British child entered correspondence in the press concerning the action session could be understood because its promoters had upon and which we had come to regard .eom ,of the Prime Minister, when he thought of the amazing greater freedom, than the Government, but this was as our birthright and to resent as an growth of Roman Catholicism as compared with the , very largely no doubt, for propaganda purposes. encroachment every attempt that was made to rob us way in which in the earlier years of the nineteenth (Laughter.) For a responsible Government to produce of it. But at weat a price that freedom had been century Roman Catholics were hidden away in holes such a wild and impracticable scheme as this was e bought. Our fatkers suffered ; they were ready to lay , and corners and Roman Catholic priests could hardly certainly a new departure. One great contributory down their lives to Procure for us that freedom. They ;be mentioned in civil language, he felt there was more influence to the great volume of uneinployment, which died without haying seen the day that had comempon ' need than ever for the tree churches to realize that existed was the lack of confidence —commercially—in us, but their deeth Procured for us those Prieileges. they were almost alone the custodians of protestant the Liberal Government. ("No ! 'No !") They would They laboured and we had entered into their labours. evangelical religion in this land. (Applause.) Dealing not bring forward any other amendments, because it The preacher showed how the same principle applied in, with the Apostolical succession, Mr. Letheren said he could not be amended. invention, science and art. What he always admired I did not think it was anything a man should glory in • Mr. F. GARSIDE (Leicester), said the principle of most, however, was the atmosphere of the Christian I very greatly. It was much better to have the distribution was all right in theory ; but when it came home into whicea thank God, so many children were I 1 bread of life fresh from the Hand of the to practice it was all wrong. If the news spread over born. Oh what that meant, when we came to analyse ! great Host than it vvas to have it handed down in along Europe that every man would get 12s. 6d. per week, we it—the love, the tenderness, the Christian watchfulness , chain of servitors, some of whose hands were very far should not be able to keep the foreigners out. The and training that were all wrapped up in the word I from clean. In the federation of the Free Churches glaring defeat of the Bill was that it would directly "Christian home" ! And yet how gradually it had , there was no idea of uniformity. Each Church was compete with private enterprise. The unemployed were been produced. We reaped what Previous generations I left with its freedom as before,but there was a unity in generally the most inefficient. (Socialists : "No !No !"). of Christians had been sowing. It was therefore incum- I the things that really mattered. They had discovered The lazy workers, shirkers and drunkards would have bent upon us to sow in order that those who came after 1 how much greater were the things on which they were ' to be found work in those State industries. us might reap. We must be prepared to break up the I agreed than those on which they differed. It was a' Mr. F. Keorr (Stockport) wanted as a Socialist the fallow ground, to drive in the Plough share, great mark of the presence of God amongst them that ; nationalisation of all industries. There were different and sow the seed broadcast, leaving the result with 1 denominational barriers had been broken down. ' classes of work which could be undertaken by the God. Society seemed to be so organized that the' (Applause). I unemployed, viz., the re-construction of our slum areas ; greatest of the world's benefactors usually saw the The CHAnzatem said he did not want their friends in afforestation of wasteland etc. They strongly objected least results in their own life-time. It was the custom Warrington to forget the visible sign of the activity of' to 12s. 6d. per week—that was all right for a bachelor. in these days to celebrate the centenary of the birth or the Free Church Council which they had in the church I He was sorry nothing was being -done in regard to death of great men. It usually took about a hundred at Winwick. He pleaded for the loving sympathy and women, who were as liable to be out of work as men, years for the world to appraise the truly great man and co-operation of the Free Churchmen of Warrington on ! He supported the Bill. to realize the amount of good he set in motion. For a behalf of that church. (Applause). I Arr. WILLIAM FURNESS (Colonial Secretary) said he man of low and selfish aims, three score years and ten THE EDUCATION QUESTION. had expected some amendment, which would improve were ample for him to reap where he had sown, but SECULAR SOLUTION ADVOCATED. I the Bill ; however there was none. One member said when a man was engrossed in unselfish pursuits and The Rev, R. RAINEY WORKMAN, of Manchester, said the only alternative to find employment for the unem- desired to live to bless his fellows, he could not reap that they never needed courage more than they did at ployed was Tariff Reform. They would be willing to in his own life-time all that he had sown. How many the present time. They must Put their firm faith in accept Tariff Reform, if it were a real remedy. In inventors had died poor men, and in their life-time had the deity of Jesus Christ and stand by it. (Applause.) I America they had not solved the problem. There, sometimes even lacked the bread which perisheth ! They Jesus 'Christ had revolutionized history and the , were la millions af skilled artisans there out of asked for bread and years afterwards a grateful posterity character of the men who believed in Him as ! work. If Tariff Reform was the remedy for unemploy- erected in the market place a memorial to their memory. Saviour and He was still the same, mighty to save. ' ment surely America ought to lead the way. (Hear, The higher we climbed in the hierarchy of knowledge Alluding to the education question, the rev, gentleman hear.) They admitted that it was a Socialistic measure. the more fully was this law as to one man sowing and said that during the past week they had heard strange • The Socialists gave them the ideas and they put them another reaping exemplified, till when we reached the rumours of compromise. They had had statements into practice. The scheme would minimise competi- realm of moral and religious effort the law seemed to leading them to believe that some sort Of a compromise tion to its very lowest minimum. They did not say it receive its fullest illustration. This law was an excellent had already been entered into. So far as he had read, I was going to remedy the evil; it was only a palliative. discipline of the soul, curbing its vanity and checking coupled with what some of their leaders had said, there , A large number now complained that they could not its pride. The subtlest temptation we had to grapple seemed to be an attempt to obtain by law, right of ; get work. When this became law they could tell them with was self-importance. It was that which lurked in entry into Council school. That was a sectarian move ! that work could be had which would provide for the the inmost citadel of the soul and which was the most and there was an attempt also to make the headmaster ; necessities of life. difficult of all to dislodge. Success and prosperity of the school teach the faith of a particular denomina- I Mr- W. H. SYINSEIELD (Dub)in University) said he were far severer tests of character than adversity and tion. The time had come whoa the Free Churches of , believed that it was an hones measuret. It was not only therefore it was well that the full harvest of our work this land ought to say : "Sectarianism must go." 1 original but it showed that the Right Hon. gentleman should be denied us and that the amount of good we (Applause.) No longer should it live upon the rates, who introduced it possessed a vivid imagination. How- did in life should be concealed from us. Deeds of They ought not to pay rates for the Protestantism of , ever, he did not think the Government had been really valour were wrought upon the battle-field often by those this country to be destroyed and for Bomanism to be : treating the disease ; they had only been treating a who were actuated by the thought of the huzzas of the advanced. That was the position to-day—no corn- I symptom. Although the Government did not design crowd that would welcome them when they returned promise. There was only one solution so far as he I competition, there would be some none the less. Was home, but the real acts of heroism were those in which knew and that was the secular one. They held it was ; 12s. 6d.11 living wage? (The MEMBER FOR NonmANTGN there was no thought of self whatever. not right that the State should give patronage to any I No!) Therefore he claimedthe Trade Unionists could not After the service, tea was served in the Bold-street religion or bolster up any denomination. If that was I support the measure. The Goverment had taken a wrong Wesleyan Schools, a large number attending. not right for the adult, it was not right for! method altogether. The money would have been better the child. They were anxious for the children spent in shifting the unemployed to where they could PUBLIC MEETING. to be taught to the best possible advantage; be employed, our Colonies. They should send the men .THE EDUCATION QUESTION AND SOCIALISM, and the churches of the land ought to see that ,to till the land where it was to be had. They should ' In the evening a public meeting was held in Bold- in their Sunday schools the children were taught their I make up their minds to work shorter hours. (Hear, ' street schools, Mr. C. E. Parker (president of the particular faith. He believed the day was not far hear). Instead of working overtime and 10 hours a day, Council) presiding over a good attendance. Amongst distant when they would have to pay their Sunday ;if they took a couple of hours of e day off, it would those present were :—The Reve.James Watkin (Liver- school teachers and pay them well. They paid the ; certainly provide employment for more, and they should pool), R. Rainey Workman (Manchester), John Yonge, ministers, and why not the teachers? Mr. Runciman 1 all bear the burden equally. E. Blanshard Keeling J. S. Hughes, J. li. Buglass, F. had indicated recently that under any Bill which was The PREMIER, said the Bill would be a credit to a Vaughan, R. E. Letheren, H. Wall, and A. Harvey brought in the disabilities under which Passive resisters man who sat on the front bench of the imperial (Widnes),and Mr. E. Wynne Jones. had suffered would be done away. That was the state- Parliament, and he complimented the President of the , The meeting opened with the hymn " Onward Christian ment and they accepted it. They must not accept Local Government Board on the way he had framed it. Soldiers," Mr. J. C. Holland presiding at the organ. anything until they were assured that the principle for They had lost sight of the fact that unemployment was The Rev. John Yonge offered prayer. which they stood—secular education—must come, and a constant thing. The past generations had had the if the Free Churches made up their minds for that, difficulty a more intense form than we had at the present THE SUGGESTED FREE CHURCH "PARISHES." they could have it before the end of this year. Another time. Emigration had been tried and we had still the A WORD FOR THE LEAGUE OF HELP. matter in which they needed encouragement was the Problem to face. One cause of unemployment was that The CHAIRaI AN said that at the little informal con- social redemption which the Church ought to tackle, no one would be employed except for profit. He ference held prior to the meetine the Rev. J. Yonge, The Church had awakened up to the fact that she had claimed that the Bill was a remedy for unemployment. who was introduced as the "father of us all," too long neglected it. Many people were afraid of It would remove the people from the poor law and the mentioned a question which had had the attention of Socialism •, they said it belonged to the demagogue, beggar from the street, because they would know at the Free Church Council for some time, namely, Free The Church ought to see to it the; Socialism did not once that the beggar in the street was a wastrel. It Church parishes, dividing the town, so that every part belong to the demagogue but to the Church. The would elevate the social condition of the people in should be under the care of a particular church. The Master laid it down as His first cardinal principle that several directions, and it deserved the heartiest thanks matter was first discussed about two years ago, and the they must love their neighbour as themselves:the speaker of the House. plan was approved by the Council, and a committee was urged that the Churches instead of constantly directing Mr. W. CARR (East Leeds) in his first speech befere formed to make the requisite divisions. Maps of the men's attention to the other world should strive to the House, said he was bound to support the Bill , borough were procured, and great care exercised in obey Christ's commission and bring the Kingdom of because it had as its principle the right to work. ' giving to each church the section of the town which God upon earth. The workingmen were not opposed to ~Alr. Eesewooo (Sowerby Bridge) thought the ' would be most convenient for their activities. He (the Jesus Christ, but only that night one of them told him les. 6ce, allovved by the Government was sufficient. He Chairman) spent a good deal of time and a certain he was opposed to the cant and hypocisy in the Churchea. could remember that in the forties the wages of the amount of energy in pushing that forward, and visited They could win the workingmen for the Churches and heads of families were only es. per week. several of the churches to advocate its adoption. They for their Master, but it would mean service and self- Mr. J. JARMAN (President of Board of Trade) referred soon found, however, that while there was no active denial. They needed to-day the passion for men, to the complaint made by one member of the House in opposition, there was no enthusiastic support. (Applause.) respect to machinery. Machinery had to be made by He confessed that from the first he recognized it cHRTsrs LAW IN ALL LIFE'S RELATIONS. skilled workmen, and if it were done away with, there would be an awkward thing to carry out. It would be The Rev. JANIES WATKIN, of Liverpool,in the course would be no engineers. The Leader of the Opposition faced by certain practical difficulties, and the chief of of a very vigorous address, said that in a comparatively was in favour of shorter hours. How was it then that his party were against the Miners' 8 Hours Bill? He which was that the different places of worship were short period the movement for the federation of the mostly in the centre of the town, and it was necessary, Free Churches had come to be one of the most potent did not think that 123. 6d. was such a small item as it therefore if the whole was to be covered that one and dominating factors in the religious life of the land, appeared on the surface. Thee who were in business , church should confine:its operations to a section to It had been sharply and bitterly criticised from the knew that at least one-third was the profit made on the the east of the town, another to the west, another to beginning. Some had professed to see in the move- foods sold, and this would not be, if they took their the south, and another to the north. That fulfilled the ment the latest dodge of that exceedingly nebulous abour practically direct to the stores which supplied idea of embracing the town, but it meant that the individual known as the political dissenter—so nebulous them with the necessaries of life. workers in a particular church, who might live north, indeed, that he had been looking for him for thirty The House then adjourned until next Thursday south, east or mast, would have to work in one section years and had never come across him—for undermining evening. where probably only a proportion of them lived, the ancient institutions of the State and for bringing Perhaps by the zealous co-operation of the churches free and independent Britons under the cruel tyranny that difficulty might have been got over, but they soon of the Nonconformist conscience. (Laughter.) He realized that that plan, excellent in theory,was difficult did not care about criticism and no movement worth to carry out in practice, an that it would not secure its salt need be afraid of it. All they asked was that the cordial co-operation of the whole of their Free any criticism of the movement should be based, at all Churches. That being so, he thought they would agree events, upon an elementary knowledge of what it pro- that it was a wiser policy to let the matter drop. But proposed to do for the State and if how it proposed to the question remained, " How are we as a large section do it. That movement existed in the first place for the of the Christian Church to fulfil the obligations resting application of the law of Jesus Christ in every relation upon us to give help and succour to the poor and the of human life, in the second place for the propagation of needy,to the sick and the sad ?,"The reason for an organ- Protestant evangelical principles and for the defence of ized system of helpful service was as strong as ever,and civil and religious liberty, and in the last place for the they must all be painfully conscious that as far as the replenishing of the spiritual life of the State and great social and religious needs of our town were con- through the State, the spiritual life of the whole world. corned, they touched but a very small portion. A There were some people who taught that there were steady stream of sin, poverty and sorrow flowed on great sections of our national life into which religion almost by the doors of their churches uninfluenced, could not enter, which were closed, sealed and bolted unredeemed by the message of their Saviour Christ, against the Spirit of Jesus Christ. Against any such who Came that He might save them from their sins,bear false and absolutely unscriptural conception of national their sorrows, and minister to their need. What then life, that movement took its stand. (Applause.) The was to be done ? He should like to mention the speaker dealt with the constant tendency of religion to Civic League of Help which it was proposed belittle itself. That movement called them not to trifle to form in Warrington. He would not on with things that had no bearing on the saving of the that occasion enter into details of the scheme, nation, but to deal with tbe grave, solemn and serious They were all doubtless somewhat familiar with it. businesses that alone deserved the noblest devotion and But he would like to ask those interested in Free Church the most passionate enthusiasm of all men who loved work whether by affiliating themselves with the scheme Jesus Christ. In a vigorous way the speaker took to they should achieve (and perhaps achieve in a better task "the poor, narrow-chested, under-sized corner way) -some at least of the important °ejects they had Christian" who would not concern himself with the in view when they prepared to divide the town into uplifting of others. It was as true of Churches as of areas to be worked in connection with their Free nations and communities, that corruption was the Churches. Some might be disposed to say that in throw- penalty that nature attached to exclusiveness wherever ing their social activities into the work they lost their she found it. He urged them all to united action to identity as Free Churchmen, and that the work would carry out their great ideals. (Applause.) be quite outside the Free Church Council, but be would A PLEA FOR COMPROMISE. remind them that their organizations were the means THE CHURCH AND SOCIALISM. to an end, that the end was the important thing and not the means. If the end could be better attained by the of thanks Rev. E. BLANSTIARD KEELING in moving a vote thanks to the chairman and speakers and to all who sinking of all sectarian and political lines of demarka- had assisted in the day's proceedings, said be did not tie; and uniting to take part in that work as citizens, agree with everything that had been said, but as Free it would be well to do so. There was little doubt that Churchmen they were free to differ from each other on while that organization would be formed upon the civic basis and not strictly upon the religious, the work certain points and to agree on the fundamentals. (Applause.) would be done by those engaged in religious activities, The Rey. J. B. BUGLASS in seconding, said he had and it was surely fulfilling the Free Church ideal, that been exceedingly pleased with many things which had of permeating all civic work with the religious spirit, N;ra said but he could not agree with some statements. zeal, and love. He commended the matter to their With regard to the education question, he maintained, thoughtful attention ,and would leave it for the present. as he had done from the beginning, that it was (Applause). settl i ossible to p e t w• About a compromise, and he In asking the Rev. R. E. Letheren to address the imhoped all Nonconformists would do their duty at that meeting, the CHAIRMAN said they all cordially c •ns is. He themelt the time had come wben they should welcomed Mr. and Mrs. Letheren and hoped their stay have , a settlement of the question, and he herenvould be joyful to themselves and helpful to their people and to the town generally. believed a reasonable settlement was within reach. They would have to ignore the extremists REV. R s to R. E. LETHEREN ON FREE CHURCH on both sides. A• the social question, it was very CLAIMS. important to take that into consideration. The Church The Rev. R. E. LETIIEREN made a strong plea for had been charged .with not taking up the social ques- increased sympathy with the work of the Council of tion. The Church wanted to know what the social Evangelical Free Churches. He suggested that there question was,He wanted to know what Socialism was.lf was no need for them to emphasise every word in their it was the nationalisation of land, mines, and all the title. They must remember that even when they came means of production, distribution and exchange, how together as a Council they still represented churches did they expect the Church to take that up ? It was end that they wanted the work of the Council to help toe much to swallow. Social reform was perfectly the work of the individual churches. If it did not fulfil right and the Churches must go in for that, and in fact that object the Council was failing to do its corn- they were going in for it. The old age pensions scheme pieta work. It seemed to him that the Council erred was social reform. (Applause.) As to the Church in trying to take up a great amount of outside going into Socialism entirely, he could only say that work which had had to be carried out by the they would first of all have to get to know what it was, members of the different churches and for which they and he did not think anybody bad fully explained it yet. could ill spare the time. If only some method could He had never cried down the Cburch of Christ and he be devised by which the help of the Council could be never would. The Churches of this land had done a concentrated upon individual Churches to assist them great deal for its moral and spiritual advancement. in times of difficulty there would probably be a Apart from the labours of the Church, they would not rallying round the Council which now it some- have had the social reform they had already achieved. what lacked. He felt that a great deal might If they could only get Socialists to recognize what the have been done during the summer months in Church had done, he thought they ought to be grateful the way of open air services which would have for the work which bad been accomplished and which afforded grand testimonies to vital religion, and a the Church was still carrying on. The primary object glorious proclamation of the gospel inn way that would of the Church was spiritual and they must not forget appeal to the town. They also needed to remember it. (Applause.) They must not allow Socialists to that they were Free Churches. They must assert their throw dust in their eyes as Christian men. He believed freedom and glory in it. (Applause.) Their freedom the Churches would take up social reform and carry it was net an unchartered freedom to do what they liked, to a successful issue. (Applause). but a freedom to serve the highest interests of man and The vote NM heartily carried and the meeting to answer to the call of Jesus Christ, Th 9 Church of concluded.

wages,

t stead

===== 0002601_19081114_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANNUAL MEETINGS.

The Examiner, Saturday, November 14, 1908.

LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

The Right to Work Bill.

MR. FRED J. REECE.

Farewell Supper and Presentation.

There was an interesting gathering at Toft's Assembly, Rooms, Bridge-street, on Tuesday evening when the staff of the Royal Court Theatre and several friends assembled to bid farewell to Mr. Fred J. Reece, for the past four years acting manager at the theatre, who is leaving Warrington in consequence of the change of management. Tne proceedings took the form of a supper and social and proved highly successful. Mr. G. D. Bradbury (manager of the Palace and Hippodrome), presided over a company of about fifty, including the whole of the Staff of the Royal Court Theatre, Mr. S. Smiley, (new assistant- manager), Mr. Tubby Ellin (who is now appearing at the Hippodrome) and Mr. Richards (Theatre Royal.) An excellent supper was served by Mr. William Warburton, Rylands-street. Opportunity was taken to present Mr. Reece with an illuminated address and purse from the staff of the Royal Court Theatre and friends. In making the presentation Mr. Richards spoke highly of Mr. Reece's abilities and hoped that wherever he might be, when he looked at the address he would always remember his staff and friends in Warrington. He had won respect from all with whom he come in contact and he wished him good luck and prosperity. (Applause). Mr. BRADBURY, Mr. Toot BOOTHROYD, Mr. H. L. EDWARDS (master carpenter) and Mr. A. NEWNS endorsed the remarks of Mr. Richards, and the company joined in singing" For he's a jolly good fellow." The address reads as follows:— To Fred J. Reece, Esq., Acting Manager Royal Court Theatre. In asking your acceptance of the accompanying present, we, the whole of the staff of the Theatre desire to express the deep regret with which we learned of yaur approaching departure from Warrington. We had hoped that the change of theatre proprietors would have made no difference to you, but we now understand that the theatre is to be worked in conjunction with the St. Helens Opera House, and not under separate manage- ment. Daring the four years in which most of us have experienced your unvarying courtesy and consideration we have learned to feel towards you something beyond ordinary respect, and it is therefore from that stand- point that we desire to place on record our hearty appreciation of your kindness towards us, and our very best wishes for your future good luck and prosperity. May every blessing attend you, is the earnest wish of each one of us. Signed by the Committee, A. NEWNS, H. WARUBRTON, T. BROWN, J. SINGLELON, H. CLARKE, H. L. EDWARDS. Mr. REECE, in reply, said that events such as that did not occur in the annals of every man's history but when they did, the remembrance of them must stand out like landmarks. He would not forget that evening and he thanked all present for honouring him as they had done. He wanted to take the opportunity of saying that during the period he had been in Warrington, now nearly four years, he had been most comfortable and happy. During that time he had enjoyed the confidence of his proprietors, Messrs. Johnson and Potter. He was sorry that pressure of business elsewhere prevented Mr. Johnson being present that evening. He sincerely regretted that dear old Mr. Potter was not still with them. As they all know he was laid to rest just recently. Mr. Reece, continuing, said he would like to inform the staff that if it suited their own arrange- ments they would all be retained by the new Proprietor and he was sure they would servo Mr. Beecham as diligently as they served the old manage- ment. He trusted that his other friends both present and absent would continue to remain good patrons to the Royal Court Theatre. (Applause.) An excellent musical programme was submitted by the following :—Mr. Tubby Eldin, patter and songs ; :qr. Joseph Singleton, songs ; Male Voice Quartette ; Mr. Dutton, songs ; Mr. Hannan, songs ; Mr. Tom Boothroyd, violin solo ; Mr. Richie, flute solo ; Mr. Laythain (of the Hippodrome) WAS the pianist. At the conclusion Mr. H. Wartecraros proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman ( Bradbury), and hoped that on any occasion when the staff of the Royal Court Theatre were having a social he would always be welcome because it showed the kindly feeling which existed between the staff of the two theatres. He also referred to Mr. Reece in most fitting terms. Mr. T. NEWNS seconded and also spoke of Mr. Bradbury's kindness in takieg the chair that evening. Mr. S. Wilson and Mr. William Warburton added a few words. A very enjoyable gathering was then brought to a close. Cheers were given for Mr. Reece and Mr. Braclb iry and all joieed heartily in siaging " Auld Lau; Syao."

===== 0002601_19081114_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

[By PEDo.]

Reports from all parts show that as the season goes on,club musters are increasing and enthusiasm growing. If this rate is maintained uatil championship time arrives, sensational doings will probably be recorded in connection with the various c intests,all the associations have already held at least one meeting and many have found it necessary to have more. All prominent people connected with associations in the North are working hard and particularity does this apply to the "Northern Cross Country" officials, who have busy times in store, as in addition to local and district championships, they ' will this season be responsible for the" National" and "International "races, which will probably be held within easy reach of Warrington. It therefore behoves local enthusiasts to keep their armour bright and all pull together,if they intend to render a good account of their doings. The Union of "Northern," "Midland" and "Southern" Associations, known as the" National," meets at Man- chester to-night. On a previous occasion when the race for the National Championship was held in the North, the Southern Counties seceded, and a repetition of this has rather raised the ire of the Northern and Midland I people, so that there will probably be some straight talking on at the Albion Hotel after 6 p.m. Suitable and amicable arrangements are expected from this mighty conclave, who will, however, get on good terms with themselves at the subsequent dinner. Liverpool and District had a special general meet- ing on Monday last when rules suggested by the Emergency Committee in connection with the Budge- Whitworth Cup were confirmed. The venue of champion- ships was also an important item on the agenda, as, owing to the decision of the Annual General Meeting to hold these earlier this season, there would be no chance of obtaining the racecourse :at Aintree. Further overtures are to be made, Parkgate, Bebington show ground, and the old racecourse at Newton-le-Willows being suggested. The latter would be a convenient venue for a great many clubs, and should at least prove more profitable, financially, than Hooton Park ; besides there is the qubstion of Ifolding the races over genuine country and with the majority of the clubs this is a moot point. A number of Salford Harriers were at Warrington Cemetery on Saturday last, to pay their last respects to Mr. Thomas Wainwright, an old colleague and club captain, who did a great deal towards the successes of that club some twenty years ago. SATURD RUNS.

SEFTON HARRIERS visited Liverpool Pembroke, a five mile run in the neighbourhood of Aintree, resulted in defeat for the District Champions, who were not fully represented, and their captain nearly got beaten for the individual honour. An attempt on the part of the Northern Cha-npion to win cleverly nearly resulted in disaster, and Clarke had to go all out to win by inches at the finish. Result :—Pembroke : Turton, 2 ; Millington, 4; Carrigan, 5 ; Howarth, 6 ; Alalcolmson, 8 ; toral 25. Sefton : W. T. Clarke, 1; McClaugliey, 3 ; Body, 7 ; Hocken, 9 ; Brady, 10 ; total 30 points. SEFTON HARRIERS decided their seven mile novice handicap. Result :

Min. Sec. 1. Clare (3min. start) 2. McLoughlin (2 nin. 30sec.) 43 5 3. Almond (2roin.) 4. Harrison (30sec.) 5. Whitfield (4min.) 6. Jackson (2min. 15sec.) 7. Hughes (2min. 30sec.) Burrows from scratch gained listest time prize, with 43 minutes. He was thereby barred from participation in the handicap prizes. If the distance was correct he is a very useful novice. CREWE HARRIERS followed a seven mile trail, and after an absence of nearly 50 minutes, H. Bennion returned at the head of the field. His nearest attendants were T. Edwards and T. Wilson, who are expected to make a good show in the Novice Championship next Saturday, when either may win if they are capable of beating Bradley. BROUGHTON HARRIERS had three packs running over a five mile course at Heaton Park. W. Scott and C. Tucker of the fast pack managed to split the slow and medium divisions. BURY A.C. mustered 32 .and ran over a seven-mile trail. A race for the novice section resulted in T. W. Hall annexing the prize. A good race is expected to-day btween J. W. Warburton and A. Wyatt, the , occasion being the fixture with Radcliffe Harriers, of whom Wyatt is a member, whereas Warburton, formerly of Radcliffe, now runs with Bury. WAniusoToN A.C. formed two packs to follow a trial laid by H. Holbrook and H. L. Clayton over about 61 miles of give and take country. The slow pack made good use of their time allowance of 71 minutes. ' J. George was first home followed by A, Siddall, W. Litherland and S. Hewitt; G. Watmough, A. Ford and W. Antrobus were leaders of the fast pack. To-day's fixture from the bridge Inn is a two pack run. The second division will be composed of this season's novices; all are seeking fame for the first time, and the results of the preliminary runs point to a close and interesting finish, which is timed to take place at the bottom of the new road, from Walton, about 4.30 p.m. by which time it is hoped Warrington F.C. will have recorded a victory against the Australians.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

"The Breed of the Treshams."

Few of the dramas at present before the theatre- going public have attracted a greater measure of popularity than "The Breed of the Tresharns," and although this is the third occasion on which Mr. John Rutherford's famous play has been presented at the Royal Court Theatre, it has been followed with as keen attention and high appreciation as ever. Nor is this to be wondered at. The author takes us back to the stirring days of the Cavaliers and the Roundheads, when this country tNas distracted with civil war, and weaves a fascinating story of treason and intrigue, relieved with an example of heroism and self- sacrifice which never fails in its appeal to the emotions. Dominating the whole play is the complex character, of Lieutenant Reresby, who goes by the ill-sounding nick-name of " The Rat." Ile is a man with a shady past, whose sword and honour are for sale to the highest bidder. It is the child-like trustfulness of Margaret Hungerford, touching a tender chord in his memory, which arouses his better nature and nerves him to endure tortures to screen her cowardly brother and thus spare her the pain of seeing the man who in her eyes has stood as the embodiment of perfect loyalty, proved guilty of the meanest treachery to the Royalist cause. In the hands of Mr. Frank likrtram's principal company, the play does not suffer in the representation, in fact it could hardly be more realistically performed. Mr. Sydney Bland plays the exacting part of " The Rat " with consummate skill. His sang- froid when placed in tight corners is admirable and the dramatic intensity of his recital of the sore trials of his earlier years holds the audience spell- bound. One of the best features of the play is the way in which he holds the angry mutineers at bay by feigning drunkenness and then,to their discomfiture, turns upon them with loaded pistols. Miss Mildred Hodgson is a charming Margaret Hungerford and the naturalness and simplicity of her portrayal appeals to all. Miss Grace Harlington scores a great success as Batty, the inseparable companion of "The Rat." Mr. Alfred Holles is full of righteous indignation as Viscount Dorsington and Mr. W. R. Winning does well in the unpopular part of Colonel the Hon. Clement Hungerford. Mr. Howard Brenan is a dashing and impulsive Francis Tresham and Mr. George Traill distinguishes himself as the sympathetic Colonel Sir Henry Carwen. The minor parts are in capable hands and the play is splendidly mounted. As we intimated last week the theatre is now under new management, but Mr. Joseph Beecham, the new proprietor, has taken over the existing bookings. A successful future for this attractive and well-appointed place of amusement should be assured. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week Mr. Lingford Carson's No. 1 Company will present " The Great White Chief," by Lingford Carson, which is described as one of the greatest novelties in drama ever produced. A powerful cast will appear in their original roles, including Mr. Lingford Carson as Reindeer, the Dumb Chief, and Mr. Mansell Fane as Leo Stanley, the great White Chief. The scenes of the drama range from the prairie in South America to a Scottish banquet room.

Take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs arid Colds ;it sever fails. is. lid., 2s. 9d,—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

More About the Private Account.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. G. Mather presiding. There were also present : Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Coßingwood, Miss Broadbent, Dr. Murray, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Billing° W. C. Brooks. R. Forshavv, R. Bolton, A. Brooks, J. Backhouse, W. Houghton, P. Longtou, W. Flanagan, M. W. Seton, E. L. Bent, R. Lee, A. Bottomley (clerk), It. W. Peacock (assistant clerk), J. F. Awberry (master) and A. Wright (superintendent of the Cottage Homes.)

===== 0002601_19081114_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE SIR .1!_1.• HI-EBERT.

The CILURNO.N moved: That this Board place on record its high appreciation of the long and valuable services to the county of Lancashire and the country generally, by the late Sir John T. Hibbert, Bart, K.C.B. who for many years was chairman of the North- Western Poor Law Conferences, and that the clerk be directed to convey to his relatives an expression of the Guardians' sympathy with them in their sad bereave- ment. _

Mr. HouGwrox seconded and said that Sir Jshn Hibbert open the Union Infirmary at Warrington, and had also visited Padgate schools and commented very highly indeed on both institutions. The loss of Sir John Hibbert was a national one,and would be felt from Whitehall down to the smallest Union in the Kingdom. Sir John could be called the prince of Poor Law administrators. Miss BROXDBInZT said the loss of Sir John Hibbert would be particularly felt at the present time when Poor Law administration was in a state of transition. Sir John Hibbert was like the Right Hon. John Burns, who always marched steadfastly forward, doing what he thought was right, whether it was popular or unpopular, without taking any notice of anybody. Mr. JOLLY supported and said that while Sir John Elibbert never lost sight of the great guiding principles underlying the Poor Law he was fully conversant with the minutest details. That fact enabled him in the best and highest sense of the word to be a progressive administrator of the Poor Law.lle was always awake to new ideas, while clinging very consistently to all that was good in the older parts of the system. Mr. FORSIIIW, as a County Councillor, referred to the esteem in which Sir John Hibbert was held by the members of the Lancashire Council.

Mr. BI.CEMOITSFI said he was brought up within a mile of Sir John Hibbert's residence, and Sir John was an ideal country gentleman. The resolution was carried, the members standing as a mark of respect. THE CH AIRMAN'S ILLNESS.

_ The CiiITRMIN made a sympathetic allusion to the serious illness of the Rev. T. R. Matthews, Chairman of the Board, and moved that the Clerk write express- ing the Board's sympathy with the rev. gentleman. Mr. BILLINGE seconded and said they hoped the great Head of the Church for whom Mr. Matthews had worked so long and nobly would sustain kim in these trying hours. The resolution was unanimously agreed to.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
NO TOOTH

At a meeting of the Cottage H00:103 Committee the members considered the question of the purchase of tooth brushos.it was Illovelol by 111r.it1ather and seconded by itlrs.Wilkinson that they proceed to the next business. rills was passed by four votes to three. At a subsequent meeting it was moved by lisz Broadhent seconded by .Tr. Bent that tooth brushes be supplied to all the children of twelve years of age and over. Two voted for and seven against and the Chairman declared the motion lost.

It was recommended that the salaries of the under- mentioned officers be incrsased as follows, viz. : Miss Emily Bennett, nurse and general *assistant from £l9 33. 81. to £2O, then rising £1 annually to a maximum of £23 ; Miss Alice J. Bennett, industrial trainer, from £2O to a maximum of £23, rising £1 annually ; Miss Sarah A. Warburton, industrial trainer, from £23 per annum to a maximum of £23 by annual increment of £l. The resolution was carried by five votes to four. It was recommended that the applica- tions of the following °liners be not granted, viz. : Mr. Osward Ll. Moss, Mr. and Mrs. Jones, Mr. and Ars. Yates. , Mr. HoucirroN proposed and Mrs. WILK INSON seconded the adoption of the minutes. - •

Miss BROADBENT moved an amendment that the decision with reference to salaries be referred back. She did not feel satisfied, especially with the amount paid to Lklr. MOM Zl5 a year seemed a very mean salary to give. He kept the books in excellent order and it was not to the advantage of the Board that they should always be losing officers as soon as they got thoroughly used to the work. Mr.JotrAv seconded and said that with regard to the increases suggested, there was an apparently strong feeling on the part of several members of the Board at the last meeting that £2O was a suf,ficient maximum for that particular kind of appointment. Ia his opinion it was a perfectly just and reasonable position to take up. The amendment was carried and the remainder of the minutes were confirmed. _ _ NEWTON RATE COLLECTOR.

Mr. BENT moved : That Mr. Cornelius Cole be appointed collector of poor rates for Newton at a salary of £5O a year. He said the new arrangement would mean a saving in the collection of the rates of con- siderably over £2OO per annnm. Mr. SErox seconded and the resolution was agreed to. THE FINANCES. MC. BILLINGE moved: That the resolution appoint- ing all the members of the Board, members of the Finance and General Purposes Committee be rescinded and the following substituted, that the Finance Com- mittee consist of seven members, and the General Purposes Committee of all the members of the Board. Mr. 1101.TninoN seconded, and the resolution was passed. - The following were appointed to constitute the Finance Committee :—Miss Broadbent, Messrs. W. Furness, G. Mather, J. Billings, W.C.Brooks, A.Brooks, and A. J. Jolley.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE GUARDI.A.NS' PRIVATE ACCOUNT.

_ Alra. COLLING WOOD said there was one matter which had been worrying her a great deal of late. It was the serious question of the private fund account. It was a considerable time since they discussed it, and she now brought it forward before the full Bo ird because she wanted to know if the Board was satisfied with the

account as it stood. Personally she was not satisfied, because she never could be satisfied unless things were quite straight. There were so many cheques that were not accounted for. Had any of the members realized that cheques amounting to £74—she did not for one moment wish to impute anything— The CHAIRMAN : I will take the feeling of the Board whether we should go into committee on the question. . .

Miss BRoADBENT protested against a private discus- sion. It had been far too much the policy of the Board in the p net to hush things up. If there was anything that was not fair and square, let them know about it. Mr. W. C. BROOKS also protested and the discussion was allowed to proceed. The CLERK stated that two months ago he communi- cated with the Local Government Board and had not yet received a reply. It was decided that the question should be again considered when the reply came to hand.

Mr. W. C. BROOKS said it was understood the Clerk should obtain particulars of the cheques not accounted for in the meantime. _ _ _

After further discussion the CLEnK said : I have got the particulars but I understood that I should hold them in readiness for when the Guardians discussed the matter. If the Guardians now think the Local Government Board is not going to reply to my letter it is open to give notice that part of the previous resolution be rescinded .and the question considered forthwith. Mr. BOLTON gave notice that at the next meeting he would meve that the portion of the resolution deferring discussion until the Local Government Board had replied be rescinded and the matter discussed forthwith. Mr. JOLLEY : It is quite out of order to attempt to discuss the matter this morning. Mr. W. C. BROOKi then moved that the Clerk be

instructed to forward to the members all the particulars he had obtained so that they would be in a position to discuss the matter. Mr. R. Lee seconded.

The Crmux WaTcl—ChTt if the Guar- 'Lang desired it he would supply a copy of the particulars to each member. Mr. 131m.rx GE : You want particulars of those cheques not accounted for in the previous return ? Mr. W. C. BuooKs : Yea, to make a complete return. The res'olution was then agreed to.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON LIBERAL CLUB 4. WIDNES LIBERAL CLTB.—Played at Widnes on Thursday. Scores

WIDNES. WARRINGTON. P. Quinn l5O J. Leah A. Parkinson l5O W. Ford J. Nain J. Travers F. Wright C. Evans 65 H. Eyes H. Morris W. Sumner 75 R. J. Wright l5O W. T. Mitchell 75 E. J. Mitchell ,A. P. Martindale IJ. T. Wright IS. Ellis _ _ _ __ ._. . _ __

P. Devlin J. Duyer 46 J. Howes

1429 1545 Arajority for Warrington, 116.

When crowds assemble in the street, And cause obstruction indiscreet, Then comes the policeman on his beat— The crowd moves on ! When cough or cold from health detracts, The tired chest with pain contracts, Woods' Peppermint Cure the policeman acts— The cold moves on.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON LAW CLERKS! SOCIETY:

On Wednesday evening at the Winmarleigh Cafe, Sankey-street, a meeting of Wa.rrington law clerks was' held to consider the advisability of forming a Law Clerks' Society in Warrington on similar lines to those - now in existence and working successfully in Liverpool and other towns.

Mr. H. B. Houatrrott was in the chair and gave an able address in which he explained the objects and benefits of Law Clerks' Societies. The Chairman said that the Society would assist in giving an effective training in various parts of professional work, by classes,. lectures, discussions, or any other means which the Committee may from time to time deem expedient, would also endeavour to find openings for the employ- ment of members, and also to increase the friendly relations now existing between employers and employed in the legal profession and to promote social inter- course between the members. These were some of the objects of the Society. It was proposed by Mr. Witraam ALL iN " that this meeting representing the Law Clerks of Warrington are in favour of the formation of a Warrington Law Clerks." The proposition was seconded by Mr. Baines and supported by Mr. Antwis. Mr. SAM emus proposed that His Worship the Mayor of Warrington (Alderman Forshaw) be asked to accept the position of President of the Society for the ensuing twelve months. Mr. Collis remarked that it would be a graceful and fitting act on the part of the Law Clerks to ask the present Mayor who was a member cf the legal profession and well-known to all present to be the first President of the Society. The election of Alderman Forshaw was seconded by Mr. Baines and carried unanimously. The following officers were then elected: Chair ma Mr. R. Denham ; vice-chairman, Mr. Baines ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. Samuel L. Collis. A committee was also elected which consisted of the

lollowing gentlemen :—Messrs. h:^X's Sanders, W. E. Clare, R. W. Antwis, W. Sumner, J. W, Davies, H. Phsroh, H. B. Houghton and J. W. Bibby. After the election of officers and members of the committee the Chairman announced that meetings of the Society. would be held weeisly for legal debates and discussions, reading of papers on legal subjects and also that several meetings would be held during the- I session of a social character.

The SECRRITAItY proposed the usual vote of thanks, to the Chairman which was seconded and carried.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
FAIR GROUND RIOT.

Warrington People Before the Wrexham Magistrates.

Guns in Use.

A riot, in which a number of Warrington people were concerned, took place on a fair ground at Coedpoeth, near Wrexham, on Saturday evening. It appears that the "fair " had finished business for the night, when a dispute arose between the fair people and some young men who were reinforced by villagers. Meanwhile, the showmen, anticipating a bad quarter of an hour had seized the Winchester Rifles at the suggestion, it is alleged, of their principal, and, point- ing their weapons towards the five-barred gate which separates the lane from the ground, fired. Several were wounded, and as soon as this got noised abroad hundreds of infuriated villagers began to pour down the lane, while the rattle of musketry was kept up without cessation. The casualties amounted to fifteen. It is alleged that while the five men who were afterwards taken into custody, fired,the sixth prisoner,a woman kept reloading the guns. While the battle was raging furiously someone had gone for the police, but when two constables arrived the shooting had stopped. POLICE PROCEEDINGS. Hundreds of people, mostly colliers from Coedpoeth, were present at the Wrexham County Police Court when, shortly before noon on 11,Ionday, six of the show people were placed in the dock on the charge of being concerned in the shooting of Hugh Jones and others, The names of the prisoners are James Cook, sen. ; James Cook, jun. (father and son) ; George Cook and his wife, Betsy Cook; and John Cook, all of Longford- street, Warrington • and Frank Hewitt, of Cefn Mawr. They were defended by Mr. T. S. Steel, solicitor, of Warrington. Police-constable Thomas Davies, of Coedpoeth, was the first witness. He stated that at half-past elevenon Saturday night, in consequence of what he had been told, he proceeded to the showground, which is situated in Jenny's Feld, at the back of the Prince of Wales Inn. Upon arriving there witness saw a large crowd of people. Upon going into the field he saw Betsy Cook, James Cook, and John Cook each holding a gun. Witness took possession of James Cook's gun, and Police-constable Watkins, who had also arrived, secured the one held by John Cook. Both these guns were loaded. The crowd rushed into the field, and the three prisoners referred to took refuge in one of the car avanS. The Clerk (Mr. LI. H. Jones) : Did any firing take ' place after they ran into the van ? Witness: The shooting was over then, sir. There was no shooting when we got there. Continuing, witness said that the crowd seemed to lose their heads altogether, and it was as much as he and the ether constable could do to keep them from breaking into the van in which the three had taken refuge, and also into a second vehicle in which the rest of the prisoners were. The crowd, however, smashed two tents and set fire to them, and some hurled them- selves at the door of each van, while others threw "Aunt Sally" balls at the woodwork of the van. Inspector Wyse : Did it appear as if the crowd were being kept at bay by these men with the guns ?—Yes. Cross-examined by Mr. Steel : And was the attitude of the crowd such as to make intervention on the part of the police useless?—Yes ; we could not prevent them. Should I be correct in saying that if these people had not been removed from the ground something serious might have happened ?—No doubt. It was very serious as it was. Do you think, from what you saw, that their lives were in danger ?—They were, sir. Dr. Stanislaus Furlong, house surgeon at the Infirmary, stated that three men were brought into the Infirmary suffering from bullet wounds. The first WAS Hugh Jones, and he had sustained a bullet wound on the right side of the abdomen, and another in the thigh. This man was operated on, but it was not considered expedi- ent to remove the bullet from the region of the abdomen. He was in a dangerous state. In reply to Mr. Steel, witness said the bullets were known as 22 shot. Inspector Wyse said it was not proposed tc offer further evidence yet, and he applied for a remand. Mr. Steel said he had no objection to a remand, but he wished to state that the prisoners were not gipsies ; they were travelling show people, and James Cook, senr., had carried on business for thirty years, and had a permanent residence in Warrington. Over £loo' damage had been done, and there was only an old lady left in charge of the horses, Scc., at the show ground. The Bench remanded the prisoners for eight days, and allowed bail, but liberated the female prisoner, who was tinning a baby, on her own recognisances.

===== 0002601_19081114_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. Latest Quotations

BANK RATE 21'1. SETTLING DAY NOVEMBER 27Th 1903. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day BRITISH FONDS.

Consols 21% 100 —.812 21% Annuities 100 92 21% Annuities 100 821 Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO .1001 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO .981 Bank of England Stock . lOO 26 5, India Stock 100 ...991 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 ..37k Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .351 London and County 20 —O3l London and Westminster 2O .52 Manchester and County l7 ..571 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 _l7l Parrs 90 —B6l Union of London 151 ...371 Union of Manchester ll —2ll Williams Deacons 8 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Pref. lO ...10 Bell and Co. Ord lO 91 Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO 51 Chester's Ord lO .81 Groves & Whitnall 5% Cum. Pref 10 .51 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO 350 Parker's Muskat Ord. lO .81 Springwell Ord. Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ...21 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 —B3 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. $ Canadian Pacific lOO .1841 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...221 Do. Guaranteed 100 _914 Do. Ist Pref. lOO —lOll Do. 2nd Pref. lOO ...911 Do. 3rd Pref lOO .524 The above list and prices have been complied by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN WALKER & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, ViOtOrift-/Oild WIDNES —32, George-street, ST. IlTaxxs: 3, Market Street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN MI 140, 1908.

===== 0002601_19081114_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD ST RBET WESLEYAN CHURCH, wmisiNGTotr. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEISIBBR 15, 1908. Morning 10.30 i Bvening 6,30. REV. THOMAS MILLBR. Evening Snkject "Working men and the Churches." All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. TO-MONBOV? (SUNDAY), NOVI3KBER 15Tg. 1908. - PRELCHER : REV. L FNANOIS bIATTHBWS. Wog/gm% 10.3. "Dodging by consent." hvganso, 6.30. "The last resort" OFFBRTORIES.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORIS E STREET, TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 15TH, MS. REV. R. E. LETHEREN. 10.45. "The State ot Content." 6.30. "Small Holdings." WEDNESDAY NEXT, 8.18. Week-tilght Service."

WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BEWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 16TH, 1908. FOREIGN MISSIONARY DAY. PREACHER: 10.30, REV. J. YONGE. 6.30, REV. J. W. CLARK. Missionary from Central Africa. N.B.—MR. CLARK will Address Teachers, Scholars and Priends In Wycliffe School at 2.30. P.S.A. OPEN MEETING AT 3 p.m. CHAIRMAN MIL W. BESWICK. SPEAKER : MR. J. WALLBY, Manchester. Bolan I MIL H. PLUMPTON, BOLO TROMBONE: MR. B. SMITH. ON TUESDAY EVENING NEXT, NOVEMBER 17TH, PUBLIC MIL:SIONARY MEETING INWTCLIFYE MEMORIAL HALL (1140wOrth CHAIRMAN: B. J. GUEST, EBQ B.A. J.P. BPEAZERS : MISS NEWELL, from Samoa, South Sea, and REV. J. W. CLARK (Central Africa). Collections at all Services for the London Missionary Soot et)'.

E 1111 ANUEL CHURCH, WARRINGTON. MISSION. NOVEMBER 22in, TO DECEMBBR Trrr. 31ISSIONER : DR. MORRIS. UnT OF SERVICES: SATURDATS, 7.30 p.m.—Prayer Meeting. SUNDAYS, 10.30 a.m.—Church Service. 3 P.m.—Addrese to MEN ORLY. EVBJECTS Noy, 22.—" The Dignity of Manhood," 29.—" Christian Socialism." Dec. 6.--" Impurity." 3 V.m.—Addresi to Women by Msg. Morel.. 6.30 p.m.—Mission Service. WEEK-DAY% 10,31 a.m.—Address to Christians on " The Holy Life and bow to live it." 3 p m.—Addrees to Women by Mrs. Morris. 6.30 p.m.—Children's Service by Mrs. Morris. 7.80 p.m.—Mission Service The Meetings for Women and Children and Young P eople Intl he held in the Church Institute, Knutsford Road. 'SEEK YE THE LORD." (Signed) 3. MORRIS, ilissioner. F. VAUGHAN, Incumbent.

pOPULAR CUNCERT, BOLD Si'. tell° OL TO-NIG-HT AT 7.30. Alit.TleTvB: 3lrs. SANDERS (Miss Lily Fairhurst), Master AR (of Manchester Cathedral Choir). Messrs. GRREN- ,..uI.IOI3 AND HAMBLETT. SELECTIONS by 12 Juvenile Alaticlolinistl. HUMORIST: Mr. E. A. SANDERS. ADMISSION ONE PENNY, GALLERY TWOPENCE. OLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH NOVEMBER 22ND AND 238 E. REV. F. BA.LIARD, M.A., D.D. LECTURE MON DA EVENING, NOVEMBER 23RD. "CHRISTIANITY AND SOCIALISM." QUESTIONS INVITED.

SPECIAL BACRIIAUS CONCERT. PARR HALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30TR. tPlo BACRHAUS. MDR. ELLA RUSSELL. tad appearance of Backhaus in the Provinces prior to a Our round the world. AccomPANIST : MB. U. J. FORBES. z !eserced Seats, Si., 3s. 6d., 2s. 6d. and 2.. Unreserved bltl, Is. PLAN and %tickets at Mr. II Li. PEARSON'd. "d Re-street, Warrington. Telephone 501.

ARttIINGTON & DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION. THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE ABOVE WILL BE HELD AT THE TOWN HALL. Oar TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 24TH. THE CHAIR WILL BE TAKEN AT 7.45 P.M., BY ALDERMAN JAMES SMETHURST. , MISS PETEREIN, the Inspector of the Queen Victoria,' rfuttlee Institute for Nurses will ADDRESS TftEMBIiTIRG• ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINOTO N PROPRIETOR : MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL fdANAGER I MR. A. M. LOADER. MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER I6TH, AND FIVE FOLLOWING NIGHTS. LINGFORD CARSON'S Latest and Greatest Success "THE GREAT WHITE CHIEF." __Doors open at 7. Commence 7.30.

W ARRINGTON E. I. CO-UPgRAIIVE ROCIRTY. A MISCELLANEOUS RECITAL Br MR. BARNISH BARNSDALE, WILL BE GIVEN IN THE BOLD r,T. SCHOOLROOM, ON THURSDAY NRXT, NOV. 19ru, AT 7.30 P.M. ADMIS3ION FREE. BELEOTIONS BY THE CO-OPERATIVE MALE VOICE CHOIR LURING THE EVENINci. J. JARMAN, SECRETARY.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY & DISPENSARY, CHILDREN'S COT ENDOWMENT. ANNUAL JUVENILE BALL IN PARR HALL, JANUARY STH, 1909. BRIERY CROFT. AS. HY. SMETHURST, WARRINGTON. HON. SEC. JOSEpH. uRoSFIELb'S & SONS, LtMI ED WARRINGTON. 41 FRE CENT. FIRST MORTGAGE IRREDERMABLE DBBICNIURE STOOK. („lhe TRANSFER BQOK 3 of this Company relative to this t...44e WILL BE CLOSED from the 15th to the 30th November rt. (both days inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and ”Linit Interest warrants, due 30th November. Signed. J. It. WARDLE. Secretory. Warrir tOD, November 14th, 1908. WARRINGTuN UN lON.-T ENDERS ARE INVITED for the supply of the under-mentioned iloods to be delivered free at the Union Workhouse, viz. :- 12 DOZEN BLANKETS. , 20 BICOSTEADS, "'Moles may be seen at the Union Workhouse, and full particulars can be obtained from the Workhouse Master. „Sealed tenders, endorsed " Tender for Blankets" and 'Tender for Bedsteads,"must reach me not later than 10 a.m. Cla Friday, the 20th inst. By Order. 13ew°,3' Chambers, ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, 13th Nov., 1908. Clerk. ('OUR ry BoROUG El Ok' VV ARRINGTON. -The PRIVATE STREEI! WORKS ACT, 1892. Paesage behind Not. 134 to 148, Lovely lane. l'assage behind NW. 1 CO 19, Lerden street, and Nos. 2 to 20, Windsor street. Passage behind No.. 313 to 331, Wellfield street. P assue behind Nos. 333 to 353, Wellfield street, P anage behind Nos. 1 to 19, Windsor street, and Nos. 2 to 24, Wardour otreet. Passage bet ind Nos. 150 to 163, Lovely lane. Passage behind Nos. 2 to 48, Grafton street, and Nos. 355 to 397, Wellfleld street. Passage behind Nos. 49 to 93, Grafton street, No. 16, Ripley street, and Nos. 2 to 44, Brighton street. P usage behind Noe. 50 to 98. Grafton street, and NO3. 339 to 445, Welifleld street. Lezden street (along Gable Of No. 313, Wellfield street.) „IliPley street. ~Tighton street. ctadnor street (along Gables of Nos. 337 and 399, Wellfield street.) .."•adnor street (from Lovely lane to passage behind NO. 47, p Grafton street.) "'cite behind Nos. 2 to 14. Ripley street Wardour street (along Gables of Nos. 353 and 355, Welitleld street.) celby street (along Gables of Nos. 40 and 41, Fox street). cst street (from Nos. 41 to 59). '",sage behind Nos. 61 to 79, Kimberley street, and Nor. 60 to 78. Fox street. iert'Y street (from Fox street to Kimberley street), „.ox street (from Nos. 81 to 115). vrosa etteet(along Gables of Nos 93 and 100 Longford street). Street along Gables of Nos, 19) and 192, Longford street. Street along Gables of Noe. 158 and 160, Longford street. 10 orollaba street (along Gables of Nos. 178 and 180. Longford etreet.)i behnd Noe. 1 to 19, Amelia strait. and Nos. 2 to 8 p SYnge street. b",age behind Noe, 4 to 34a, Orford avenue. `litlage behind Nog. 17 to 57, Orford avenue, and NOs. 4 b to 44, Wilkinson street. `4,4age behind Nos. 1 to 29, Boome street, and Noe. 1 to p 33. Garner street. a"arre between Roe. 30 and 32, Norris street. pssatio behind Noe. 6 to 68, Norris street. parcige between Nos. 4 and 6, Norris street. Uesee behind Nos. 69 to 79, Orford avenue, and Nos. 46 to 72. Wilkinson street. 'The street (from Orford avenue to end of passage behind No. 42 Amelia street). ,?,9TIOB IS HERBST GIVEN, that the Town Council ~Xie County Borough of Warrington have resolved that of the above streets shall be levelled, paved, flagged, ,13.3bnelled, and made good, in pursuance of Section 6 of the t et, and have further resolved, " 'That the specifica- -11,3:°. Plans and sections. estimates, and provisional appor- o„Vcents, prepared by the Borough Surveyor, in respect of ;‘,°,_ inch street, be approved." 14,3 e said specifications, plans and sections, estimates and loriat apportionments, or duly specified copies thee eof ft( ti 'a deposited during one month from the sixteenth day tke ,(I,'7Bmter, 1908, at the offices of the Borough Surveyor at abie ti own Hall and will be open to inspection at all reason- :::l,. Cn ~,rornsation may be obtained from, and inspection t '. the Borough Surveyor, at his offices aforesaid, or by 4 dersigned. this fourteenth day of November, One Thousand csundred and Bight. J. LYON WHITTLN, Town Clerk.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- - - - ME. FRANZ MACNAGHTEN. 7-0-TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 16TH, 1903. A VOICE WORTH £l,OOO HERBERT CLIFTON. MINNIE KIRBY, Comedienne. RAYMOND'S 810-TABLEAUX. W. H. DOWNS, Australian Ballad Vocalist. WILLIE AND JOHNNIE, Acrobats and Hand Ba la neer'. POP DiIARLY, Comedian and Dancer. DAVE (r.COOLII, Comedian. EDITH CHANTLER, Juvenile Soprano. CLOWN BARKER ASSISTED EY 13183 ROZSIKA. COMEDY ANIMAL ACT. Gallery, 3d. ; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d. ; Early Door, 9d. Circle, is.; Early Door, Is. 3€l.

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS RIBAM, OAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, ac. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON.

h 6 A r INIAGBEL" °RAZORS ARE THE AOME 07,TERFEOTION. 811BFFIBL MAK% WARRANTBD, POUT FREE Es. Bd., 3e., 48. 6D., AND _ss. 6D J. O. DODD. 10. BT. 10111V8 LAN% LIVBBPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Looal Agent: J. litstasvOßTH, Market Hall. Warrington

IN THE MATTER OF THE COMPANIES ACTS 1862-1807, AND OF W. H. POD ZORN, LIMITED. IN VOLUNTARY LIQUIDATION. THE CREDITOR 3 01! THE ABOVE NAMED COMPANY are required, on or before the sth day of December 1933, to send In their names and addressee, and the particulars of their debts or claims, and the names and addresses of their Solicitors (if any) to Mr. Bertram Slicocic, of 6, Egypt Street, Warrington, in the County of Laneaster, , Chartered Accountant, the Liquidator of the said Company, and if no required, by notiae in writing from the said Liquidator, are, by their Solicitors or personally, to come in and prove their said debts or claims at such time and place as shall be specified in such notice, or in default thereof they will be excluded from the benefit or any distribution wade before such debts are proved. Dated this 9th day of November 1908. BERTRAM SILCOCK, Liquidator.

rrEIE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRHPARBD to RBONIVII LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term ot years. Application to be made to the BOBOUGH Tagistraga, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

SANITARY ALTERATIONS. p MOONEY & CO., .L• OONTRAOTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, 00NORETR,1 FLAGGING. AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRIOR FOR CIOOD WORK. 20, WARWICK ST., TAMER ST., MANCHRSTBR. Tel. : 3879.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY & DISPENSARY. CONTRACTS. The Board of Management invite TRNIMIRS for % indow Cleaning; also for the supply of 'the following goods for six months ending 30th June, 1909 :—Groceries, Provisions. Household and Laundry Stores, Soda Water, Poultry and Flab, Butcher's Meat, Drugs, Dresslngs,Oo od Seconds Bread, and Milk. Persons tendering will be required to deliver the goods at the Infirmary free of cost, how and when required. The Board do not pledge themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. Forms of tender on application 0 the Secretary. Sealed tenders, addressed to the Chalrman, to reach the mideregned by Thursday, 26th Ilovember,l9,B, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon. J. if, J. HAMPSON, Secretary.

ACCIDENTS OF AMA KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCIC CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1.003,000 OLAIMU PAID 0,400,000 84, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 18 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr.C.3.HOLMISS, Queen's Chanibers,Sankey it. „ Mr. W.H. RlGHEY,Nesscliffe,Viatoria-rd.,Latch '47rd St. Helens Mr.J.B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLIZIGE The Willows , Saudbaoh Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

()N PAY DAY —That's when our educe- ., Goa affects you. We train men for their work, at their work, in their spare time, and fit them for better paid positions. Mechanical, Steam, Electrical, Civil and Mining Engineering, Shop and Foundry Practice, Mechanical Drawing, Architecture, Plumbing, Sheet Metal Work, Telephony, Telegraphy, Chemistry, Ornamental Design, Lettering, Bm.—Write.stating trade for. free descriptive becklet to PRINCIPAL, IN risENATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS WINMARLBIOR CHAMBERS, SPRINGFIELD STREET, WARRINGTON.

B(1 . ‘,./UNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICIE RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 1 79 BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No.l Strong Ale, Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Maek's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER LS BOTTLE. ALSO MAN UFACTU PERS 07 HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

BY THE MAKE NEW TONE PERFECT YOUR DIAPHRAGM the most natural reproduction yet obtained. GRAMOPHONE FOE EDISON TYPE MACHINE, 28. For Gramophone and Zonophone and PERFECT, other Disc Bound Boxes,3l. Fitted free JAKE of charge. If Bound Box sent by poet remit 3d. extra for return postage. CAN TELL JAKE GRAHAM, YOU HOW. 76, & 76A RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, Ztc., BOUGHT.—BET PRICE for parcels forwarded; If not approved Goods Returned, CARRIA4EPAID. Second-band DREsS SUITS, MILITARY, 1/1139 TB ICAL BARD UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENIS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATJ. PORTMANTEAUS, &0., 2nd-band. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSEES,SHIRTS,BLUCHERS,WELLINGIONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE ()APES, GORMAN'S, 328, 328, and 340, Deanegate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No 413

T OUR TO PALEbTINE, Egypt, & Mediterranean. 1 PRIVATE PARTY at half usual charges. Cairo, Pyramids, Jerusalem, N zareth, Dm:moms, Constantinople, Atbens.—Write Rev. J. W. MILLER, 8.A.. Woodland Avenue, Leicester.

A CHOICE CIOARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPIIOIO.I. SILK CUT CIGASHTTBIB. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco, Bd. per or., 26. 61. per fib. box. T. S UDLOW & CO., CIGAR BIBRUHANTS,I WINWICH ST., AND 65, BUTT/3113VMM ST., WAUSIntiTON. Tel. 414 Y.

11i..101311C-liiltpWßDOubloßTEliosgivseisNaLlNEgSONS in PIANO, THEORY, THOROUGH BASS, HARMONY, COMPOSITION. Her pupils in" SBNIOR SINGING" have always taken highest marks at local centres, Trinity College, London. 24, WHITRFIBLD ROAD, STOOKTuN HEATH, WARRINGTON.

PIANOF'OR TE TUN ING.—Nlestrs. FORSYTH BROS., LTD., beg to intimate that one of their thoroughly experienced Tuners Visits Warrington, Frodsham Northwich and District. Estimates for yearly contracts or single tunings on application.-126 and 128, DE.LIS9GATE, Manchester.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLIITTE I TAILS OY ) nom HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.O. 2i PER OHNE INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Chegne Bcok. An General Banking Business transacted. ALMANA.CK, WITH FULL PARTICULARS. POST FRE% C. F. RAVE/NsCROFT. SRCRETARY

INVEST Y OUR SAVINGS IN THE PERPETUAL INVESTMENT BUILDING SOCIETY. 34, NEW BRIDGE ST., LONDON, E.G. ESTABLISHED 57 YEAF,S. REALISED SHARES (ElO, £2O, £5O, £100) 4 per cent. SMALL DEPOSITS 3 per cent. SPECIAL DEPOSITS 3l per cent. DEPOSITS OF £lOO FOR 12 MONTHS SEND FOR PROSPECTUS OF SUBSCRIPTION SHARES, to the Secretary. W. W. COWDY.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLO RO DYNE, The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generation.. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S HLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be bad of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you aro not weak enough to accept an Imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS TIIII NAME ; :Is. ltd., 2e. 91., 44. 6d. the price.. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

FOB HONE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVIS DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM Mi. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLb, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND Tbay are the best known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appettte,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Lleart,Debillty, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes nd.. Is. lid.. 2s. 9d.41. 6d. and lls. DR. DAVIS'd FAMOUS FILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/8. 11/- by post 3d. extra, 309 POBTO9ELLO-HOAD, NOTTiNG HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THEIBBST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC, SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND 1.8. BD., EACH WrzoLzsAzak Br J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON.

AIRS- DOBSON WILL OIVS LESBONS IN DRESSMAKING and MILLINKRY every Friday afternoon and evening at the Wimmarlegh Café. Qommenc- ing October End. Terms, 50. afternoon. di. evening.

QUUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL—AN IDEAL sCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science, and Com- mercial Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. Staff includes 8.A., MSc., N.C.V., Officier d' Acathimie, c. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus Loin HEADMASTER.

CEhS:irAm.aLst.Cer..kolflt 1e L! M. E. .51Eu!ileNORrSgTaniWst laLndK PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER. POINT, musiaa.L FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' praetioe.—For terms app,y 134, LOVELY LANE and LEGII ST., Warrington.

SKERRY'S COLLEGE, GIVES THE BEST TRAINING FOR BUSINESS LIFE. A COMMERCIAL GENTLEMEN WHO HAS GIVEN HIS THREE SONS, ONE AFTER ANOTHER, A YEAR OF THE MODEL COMBINED COURSE, WRITES: • "I must tender my hearty thanks for the unstinted and untiring attention bestowed upon my three sons during their respective periods of study. In all the subjects undertaken they have all made rapid and material progress, and have left the College with a feeling of profound thankfulness towards their tutors. "I consider SKERRY'S COLLEGE a great boon to youths leaving school, because they are enabled to undergo a thorough business training before embarking upon their career." THE MODEL COMBINED COURSE INCLUDES SHORTHAND. OFFICE PROCEDURE. TYPEWRITING. ARITHMETIC. BOOKEEPING. COMMERCIAL. HANDWRITING. CORRESPONDENCE. STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING. Business Prospectus on application to the Secretary. 5, BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL.

GREAT OPENING, SALE. T. J. LEE'S NEW PREMISES TOP OF Bridge Street, WILL BE OPENED THIS DAY, SATURDAY NOVEMBER 14Th, 1908. with a Grand Drapery Sale. 'Till Goods reduced in price. SPLENDID BARGAINS.

BSTABLISHEZ 1833. MES. IHOS. CLARRB• STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "BEAKINER " OFFICB, 33 MAIIIMT BTRBBT, BARLBSTOWN. FANCY BTATIONBRY BUITABLB FOB:PRBEISNTE.

MOIL CAlt-S. 9-11 b.p. Clement, two cyclinders, hi gcod condition; new tyres ; also 311. Benz Car, good going order; wheel steered; both cbeap.-715, BLTONHEAD RD., Button Beath, Bt. Helens.

BOUGHAOI (rubber tyres)l3llßAX. Pony Float and all kinds of vehicles built, and second hand on sale cheap —IIIAENIAGB CARRIAGE WORKS, Park rd.,Ormskirk. ana 62 Cbstbam rd.. Birkdale, Southport.

11f01,28.—Bitl1fILIN ; Lady's and Gent's Cycle for Sale 4.. J no use to owner : just as new, not ridden ; 2 Coventry high-grade machines, free wheels, 2 brakes, plated rims, and all parts beautifully plated, lamp and bell, all with cycle; will send on approval before cash sent ; magnificent bargain and worth double ; will sell either £3 10a. cash.—Apply Toss HUMPHRIES, blairley, Ellenborouo Park rd., Weston- super-Mare.

DARMOUTII, N.WALES.--CLEISCAIRN,SMALL SELECT PENSIOS. Ideal winter and spring residence. Tempera- ture equals South of France ; good table ; homelike. Inclusive terms from 255. Week-end /0/8.--Ers. HERBERT DxNNI.9.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITRD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUAHB. HOME CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIETS CENTRAL FOR BUS/NESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGToN PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &0.. TESTIMONIALS prior Anitoar EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

(ZILVFIRDALB, Cates FORTH.—Winter health resort /..J highly recommended by medical faculty ; 53peri0r APARTJAHNTS or Board Residenee.—Apply Huneorr,Knowe Lodge. Private grounds, stabling, garage, golf links, stag hounds.

FOR EVENING WEAR. W. HODGKINSON, LTD., ARE SHEWING THE LATEST NOVELTIES FOR EVENING WEAR IN EMBROIDERED ROBES, DAINTY VOILES, ETC. SPECIAL LINE 42 INCH SOFT SATIN, 3s. 111 D. PER YARD, ALL SHADES. W. HODGKINSON, LTD• 9 BRIDGE SIREET, WARRINGION.

ehristmas Portraits. EARLY SITTINGS would greatly oblige J. PARKINSON, Photographer, EGYPT STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHON7 373 .

WADSWORTH'S FOR VIOLIN STRINGS. SPECIAL QUALITY E, A, D AND G. 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC HARRY ROGERS, ELECTRICIAN, BARBAULD ST. AND BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. (Late 6 Years with Warrington Corporation), HAS COMMENCED BUSINESS AT THE ABOVE ADDRESS. Electric Lighting, Bells, Telephones, Lamps and Repairs. Charges Moderate. Distance no object. Telephone 262. AGENT FOR OSRAM LAMPS.

BILLIARD TABLES RE-COVERED WITH SUPERFINE WEST OF ENGLAND CLOTH (Full. SIZE), ,E 4 15 OD. WEAR LIKE LEATHER. WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. ACCESSORIES AND REPAIRS AT WHOLESALE PRICES. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION TO - T. SANGsTER 1, wialriiliagn ST., •

BEST EXHIBIT OF BREAD! AT THE Bakers' International Exhibition, London, SEPTEMBER, -Igo& 46;10)143:11 Mill[ MO 2X. First Prize was awarded to Tows Bread. "The Highest Standard of Quality, Purity, and Excellence of Manufacture." (Signed) John Goodfellow, Ph.D., F.R.M.S. AWARDED THE CHAMPIONSHIP PRIZE. FIVE SILVER CUPS. Fifteen Gold, Silver, and Bronze Medals, and Twenty-six Diplomas of Honour. Bridge Street, Warrington.

Public Benefit loot Co. Ltd. Genuine SALE now on.

Surplus Stock of Boots and Shoes Greatly reduced. Oddments at 1/- per pair. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

ARTISTIC DESIGNS AND BEST VALUE IN WINTER DRAPERIES.

WOOL CURTAINS, PORTIERE CURTAINS, EIDERDOWNS, BLANKETS, AND HOUSEHOLD LINENS. E. eeATES, 72, BRIDGE STREET, W/ARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 183.9. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, /RAMA MANE AND PRINT SELLIIII. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures , suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, !se. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY: HOLLYRE OP runtnEs BY WATTS, ItOSSEITI, and BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTION/ OF PICTURES IN 'IIikiNATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

Go THE SPOT SHOP TO SAM N. GREEN, (FISH MARKET), • IFOrt EvErry Prigai s T cr.

In Quality Van Houten's Cocoa is Perfect, A statement proved over and over again by the facts and figures of independent authorities.

WHAT'S THE MATTE i'l! ? . ,_...=...._. „ 1 :.7 Itb \ - " Every Picture • ~.,..,:., ..4, _ ~ L 0 Story."T ells a -- fl,ll. , ow, ~ ;•1-.- i 11 .., :,, ..,/, 51, I , -0 • • ••• ,P, --.-_-=---- ••- --- ~..0' ,ti, z.- .i• 1, ~..0 _ • ...... - i '-/ 14- • - I-. ..*r_,. ..t, ~ . • 1...,,,,-.lx _- • _--,‘ xi '14‘.., ,„,„'; - • , • : V ~,, Tilt* •.... •.e,..,...-L___-_;•.? A '\.; , \ \ \'\ '. A' 'a' '- - •. rit__,__ -*., .t. li , ..------ l • A.:4:p-- ---: i ,!` . -_ ft' : Oc ' \t‘,',, ..--,--..-: .AP • -,11 ...." .'::. '-'''''''.....-.. '-'-'-.• , n P- :vi 1 ~..,, ~. ~ --„,..„- 4r-...---- ---- i-7.4 5, , I, • ~. 1 1 ,____-- . ' \ . `',' , ;. ,4!,-\k't . 4,0"--. , ~ ' . i ..---j " i y/ , „.-- ' . „/ ./".• tlie.‘'.:'-gA._%„'/..',"4""-- ) .• r 7.7 ..„,....go. ' : , It's your physical condition—Backache from Morning till Night—Tired, Miserable, Sleepless, Nervous, R?.stless, . Dizzy, Weak, no Appetite, etc. ' The housewife with kidney trouble A WARRINGTON ANSWERS finds every little household task a Mr. H. Thomas, 97, Fox-street, burden. Warrington, says:—"lhave Stooping sends a sharp pain suffered with kidney complaint through her back ; she feels drowsy more or less all my life. It is in and tired early in the day; her the family. Every now and then nerves seem "on edge ' ; the least I wotild have to knock off work thing irritates her. • and stay at home until the violence of the pains in the Her night's rest is spoiled bY the small of my back had worn off dull ache in her back. sufficiently for me to start work again. No one whose kidneys and blood . " The urinary system was out are clogged with kidney poisons of order, the kidney secretions could Le different. And worse being thick and at times contain- troubles—c:rocsy, gravel, urinary ino c, gravel. There were also disorders, stone, rheumatism, head- headaches and giddiness, some- ache, irregular heart action—follow, times severely, \That is needed is a medicine that will cure "I tried Doan's pills and they the kidneys—that will make them strong proved highly beneficial in my end well. This is that Doan's Backache case ; they cleared the kidney Kidney Pills are for—they quickly relieve the tired-cut kidneys—give them new lire secretions and eased the pains , . and•energy. Ihousands have been cured of in my back. I've been first-rate serious kidney diser,se by this medicine— cured to stay cured. sin c e using the medicine. (Signed) HARRY THOMAS." • ~A., -, ... -„- Aree..r.- , ?•x1.,.i.,r.-,,,,, , 'Tr .‘k , , ~- 1a,,"84.'':-.•.:4, • But you MUST get the ity genuine DOAN'S, like vil f,., : Doan, , t....., 45 A e IA ei your neighbour had. '''°' ' :061it'ics. " Backa .1-e"\'il 4 -,- ,--., ci- . , A direct from the proprietors, Foster- 1:4,A.. A \\--::—•'\\\C\o:l;4z,re., .....74arizr.v4.zw. 14;1..' ' . B.ACKACtiE ~.A. 7,1 Ot all chemists and strres, or IF, ', many plus ladlriWl re '.' At,Clell an Co., 8, Wells-street, , ... , ji \‘•.,:.:l:Xi f.l' ''''t Oxford-street, London, W., at is. 9d. i;...:. :11 PI 'l/4 yet hex, or 13s. 9d. tor slz boxes. ' 't. 1 -

F, fe, by 1 Pei tan 41, tin rer WOULD NOT SPEAK AGAINST HER 131; tsh HUSBAND. Ith, to, James Walsh, of Ship-yard, was again brought up at lad the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday ll'hi after a remand of a week, charged with an aggravated 14, assault on his wife Annie Walsh on October 31st. It NI will be remembered that the case was remanded for a week in order to wait until Mrs. Walsh was prepared to fah make statement. When Mrs. Walsh was asked to g° into the witness-box she refused, but subsequently, she Wit yielded to the entreaties of the police. She stated that ate she would sooner go to gaol than give evidence against efric her own husband. After great difficulty she was I'4 sworn and stated that she went home late, about 11.0- qtl She was very drunk,and fell down and caught her head against the slop-stone. the. The Chief Constable : You were not drunk when you thin came to me on Saturday, October 31st. la', it) Witness : Yes, I was drunk. aziu The Chief Constable: Did not the prisoner send you [ a letter when he was in 'prison saying that you must not see a doctor, as they were trying to get a case e;wil laert fild, against him? Tr Witness : No. el The Chief Constable : Did not the prisoner when be WAS getting Out of the cab at the Police Station tell and you not to say anything ? he ; Witness : No, he did not. The Chief Constable : It would be a good thing if fart, these people were sent out of the town. They have l''llo brought sufficient digrace to it. till, The Mayor (to witness): You have caused us a great deal of trouble with this case. If you had only said as much last week the case would have been settled. All this trouble is caused through your stupidity. tth s, Being unable to ftnd evidence against the prisoner, be and I was discharged. al, 4r At Wigan, on NVe tlnesday, Edward Croston, coal eaci dealer, was found guilty of attempting to bribe two Nattn members of the Wigan Northern Union Football Club sh,eE team to " throw over " their game against llnnslet oa Whi, September 12th, and was sentenced to two months' thin; hard labour. :hat tjarlß , th, tiB Areal 14 th °a Pr N- P£ IV LO4 •',l3' r' So ~ l'4os't Ds*, , ltor;; ttlil", trarl, Rill N w Der. Nue, btialc , lvt.at ' ,y4lel , telt' ::-..„

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects? If in doubt don't delay don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the best methods known. Then. if you need them, we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCIIER 8) SONS Eyesight Specialists. 73, LORD STREET Estb. 1848. LIVERPOOL

THE MAYORALTY. _- ALDERMAN FORSHAY/ UNANIMOUSLY ELECTFD.

CUT THIS CUT And Send it with Id. stamp (to cover return pos(age) to the Z: tn-13uk Co., Leeds, w hp will at once forward you a froe sample box. • Warringtcn Exstniter Nov. 140,

• ^A ' 71-4 !.% 1;4 ' - rr; 4" 0 likt • , • • • n . 4.4 • - : • -• ,

Two Competitions: One for Grown Up People and one for School Children. THE GREAT NORTHERN VERSE COMPETITIONS. INAuGuRATED By WOODS, GREAT PEPPERMINT CURE Competition No. 1. FOR GROWN UP PEOPLE. 34 Prizes Competition No. 2. FOR SCHOOLCHILDREN. 48 Prizes Competitors must compose three verses. Each verse nitiSt be eight lines long. Competitors must compose three verses. Each verse must be eight lines long. Every verse must have in it Some reference to WOODS' GREAT PEPPERMINT CURE. Every verse must have in it some reference to WOODS' GREAT PEPPERMINT CURE. ( 1 ) nOnee ct V ed erse n ith Bar i ius subject ect Empire.c con- I (2) (&ngieVctrse on a Humorous I (3) the CVoemrpseetZr chooses. \. 0 ) nOneecte Versew a;) nßaris subjectEmpciorne: (2) 2ungieVcrse on a Humorous (3) IreecVoemrpseetitocnr chooses. 34 PRIZES VALUE £lBO. 48 CASH PRIZES VALUE £7O. FIRST PRIZE ... £lOO THIRD PRIZE ... £lO I TEN PRIZES OF ... ... 22 each. FIRST PRIZE £25 THIRD PRIZE... ... 25 I THIRTY PRIZES OF ... ioS. each. SECOND PRIZE ... £25 FOURTH PRIZE ... £5 I TWENTY PRIZES OF El „ SECOND PRIZE ... £lO FIFTEEN PRIZES 0F... ... Lt each. This Competition is not restricted at all—anybody may enter it with the This Competition is open only to bona fide Pupils of either sex attending Schools or Colleges throughout the sole qualification that he or she is resident in the North of England. North of England. Scholars must supply name of School they attend, also that of the Head Master or Mistress. KEEP THIS ADVERTISEMENT FOR REFERENCE. KEEP THIS ADVERTISEMENT FOR REFERENCE. All Competitors must send verses in an envelope marked "Competition," and addressed to the W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint cure company, Limited, Sheffield Telegraph Building, Fetter Lane, London, E.C., not later than March 31, 1909. All Competitors must • live in the Northern or Midland Counties of England. • mEssns. spoTTISWOODE, DIXON & HUNTING, LTD., the well-known experts, of ISO, Fleet Street, London, E.C. have consented to act as dodges of the Competition; their verdict will he final. Competitors must enter on that understanding. The result will be published in the leading papers throughout the North of England, and PRIZE MONEY PAID immediately the decision of the Judges is received. Every Chemist will be supplied with the names of Winners. and Copies of the Winning Verses. All verses forwarded for this Competition become the property of the W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure Company, Ltd. Stamped addressed envelopes must accompany any queries respecting this Competition. wooDs9 G ',fp EAT PEPERMINT Cu ;It E FOR C 0.,11! UGHS AND COLDS

MAGNESIUM I ATG FIT PHOTOGRAPHY, IS. NET, POST FREE, IS. 20. HOW TO MAKE LANTERN SLIDES. IS. NET, POST FREE, IS. 2D. PHOTOGRAPHY IN IVINTER, CD. NET, POST FREE, 7n., COLOURING LANTERN SLIDES. Co. NET, POST FREE, 7D. Catalogue of many photographic books help. ful for winter time, post free. DAWBARN & WARD, LTD., 6, FARRING DON AVENUE, LONDON, B.C.

- ORLICK'S ;.! MALTED MILK (IN POWDER PORNO. THE IDEAL FOOD FOR. ALL.. In 116, VG and 11/. Bottles. (8(.011C1-1, BUCKS.) Bost Food for Babies.

AN EXCITING CHASE. Frederick 'inflows, a young joiner, residing at 49, Cumberland-street, Latchford, was charged at the Borough Police Court, on Saturday, with breaking and entering the lock-up shop of Messrs. G. and W. Collins, wholesale grocers, Sankey-street, on Saturday morning. It appears that early on the above morning P.C. Green, who was on duty in Sankey-street, was looking through the window of the shop and saw a man crouch- ling down near the safe. The officer had the keys to the gate leading to the side entrance, and found that a hole had been cut in one of the doors of the shop, through which the man had evidently made his way. The bele was to small that the officer could only get his shoulder through. Green afterwards forced the door oft its hinges' He then heard a noise as if slates were being removed from the roof. He rushed to the top storey end found that a large hole had been made through the roof,and the prisoner had escaped on to the roof. Word was sent to the police station, and a large body of constables assisted by employees of the Post Office and the neighbouring newspaper office surrounded the block of buildings. Nothing was seen of the man until about seven o'clock, when P.C.'s Fish and Burrows were patrolling Winraarleigh-street and saw him drop from the roof of the newspaper (Aloe. They at once gave pursuit and after a hot chase of about 300 yards they caught him and conveyed him to the Police Station. Afterwards when the premises were being examined a number of tools were found near the safe in Messrs. Collins' shop. The Chief Constable in asking for a remand until to-day, said probably six or seven other charges would be preferred against the accused. The remand w‘s granted. MUST YOU REDUCE YOUR FAT? If ion have got to the point where the excess of fat must positively be diminished—don't worry. No need to peer through the gymnasium door with a despairing glance or sniff dubiously at the uninviting basin of gruel. You can keep on eating what you please if you will but ask ycur chemist for one half- ounce of Marmola, one ounce of fluid extract of Glyeyrrbiza 8.P., one ounce of pure Glycerine 8.P., and Pepperinint Water to make six ounces in all ; then nag them it gether at home, or let your chemist mix them for you, and take a dessertspoolful after meals and at bedtime for a week or two. Get the Msrtriola in a sealed package. Good health, freedom from corpulency, and the amount of firm, smooth, flesh natural to your build will reward you. It is a very simple hut very pleasing method of regain- ing a good figure.

BootsDIRECT FROM MANUFACTURER. Specially for Postmen. As supplied to G.P.O. licys' ; Men's, 8/- Also Hand-Sewn Army Boots, as supplied t-) R.A.C.D., 8,9; Men's Strong Rip Derbys, Scaw ad and Stitched, 9.6. Cash with Order. St. CRISPIN CC-OPERATIVE PRODUCTIVE SOCIETY, LTD., RAUNDS, WELLINGBOROUGH.

7 SUGAR TAX.: MOW AMIMIALIZEI IN consequence of the reduction, we have restored our packets of BUTTER-SCOTCH to the Size they were before the Tax was imposed, namely: 15 Tablets In tho 6d. Packets. 7 ro sr 3d. a The Confectioners are now supplied. OALLIIRD & BOWSER.,

c) I EJ.—Gentlemeh's WATHRPROOFS, ClArriage Paid. rtn. RUBBER. livery- Garment guAranteed. htate Chest Ileaaurement when ordering.—J. W. ATKINS, High at., Rotherham.

110 three intendlog to ilarry.—Couitehip and Marriage, with or without Love, reauy-rnade or to order, post free 3d. No postcards, aeeepted.—J. CAMPBELL, West Leigh House, Biokershaw.

ALL Wool, double width, Venetian clotb.—Black, navy, brown, moss, seven yards, carriage paid. Money returned it not approved.—LETNSFORD 311surIcrouxo Co, 35 Friday it.. London, F.C.

(„ZOLID GOLD, hall-marked, 7-stone Rlag,4 real Dlam ends, 1/4.7 3 !Why &ablate, 'Cs 6d.; hall-marked Gold Brooch, let real diamond, 6s. 6d. Approvel.—Dinzor THADIZie Co., 65 Tollington Park, London, N.

QIIICKEST possible method of growing a moustache-. Money returneddf unsatisfa2t3rr alter triAl. Sent on receipt of lg. postal order —Fora.roLE 1.140310T0° 00., 39, Gloucester rd., Enfield, Middlesex.

ADM Why wonder at the Beauty of our Leading A dressei P They use Brsnion's Peerless Powder, on and off the stage.—ln boxes 6d. and Is. direct from BLIANO3S CO., 139, Listril, Park, Stoke Newington, London.

MIMS or Burgiary.—Don't lose your valuables or cash by either for waut of a fire and thief resisting bale. All safes sent direct from manufacturer's carriage paid.—For sizes and pricer, apply WRIGFIT, Albert Hall, Filey.

5/ BUYS 2 gent's double eallsrs. 3 piirs sock+, 3 gent's / handkerchiefs, 1 gent's eip (st‘te alzes).—Send P.O. and address to ALLSOPS. 8 and 9 Market 1.1a.1e, Carriage paid. kiandaome present with first 500 parcels.

GTHRTH obtaided by using Oyt-menth'nel the new tooth powder. Refreshing and antiseptic. (-obtains no carbolic or other corrosive acid. Post free 7d. and Is. Id.—D. CLARK, 1:: itiatimood rd.. Bnyowater, London,W.

SW Powder Cement, Id., for rubber, paraffin lamps, 111 glass, and everything; stands boiling water, 3 dn. la 9d., carriage paid, 6s. per gross. Hawkers and shopkeepers supplied. Agents wanted.-drastLEY ,k Co., 2 Dart sq ,Sheffield.

BOOTS.—Samples of 12s. 6d. gent'. laoe Boots at Bs. 61. post free, Debt make in Boa Calf, every size and width. Simply send your siz-,N and if narrow, medium or wide ; sachanged or cash returned if not satisfactory.—F. AMES. Boot Factor, Desborough.

A bIOUSDING VALUE.—Our mapnific.ns 211. Llfe-51ze /1 Enlargement. ,23 x 16, on Canvas from any phot3 returned within a week, carriage paid, for 7s. 6d. only; Satisfaction or ca,h refunded.—CLAßE & CO., 137. Wilmington rd., London, W.

TURF.—Speenlators for Manchester, Derby Cup, &e., are .1. invited to consult the well-known Mitchell & Co , for tholr finals. bend 2s. 6.1, for winners ; your money returned if no results.—For particulars, 5, CHLPEL ST., RUSTON RD., London, 19. W. Commissions execute'.

RUBBER GOODS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances half usual prices ; valuable Infor- mation and illustrated list free ; four eplenaid samples It., or ten assorted 2.. 6d. (worth 6s.)—W. B. DOMAN .t CO., Manufacturers, Robson rd.. West Norwood, London.

on PHIL ()NT. PROFIT made by sending for one of V our 2-guinea oases of Haberdashery, Fancy Goods, /sc. ;choice assortment ; show-case lent to advertise eame ; satisfaction gusranteed.—Send P.O. to H. Dept., BROVFNS, Wholesale Haberdashers, 11. Pa-k Crescent, Lllplvitn, S.W.

TEL (late proprietor Yellow Race Card) the most ill reliable racing adviser of the present day, is able to tend bone-file intelligence by letter cr wire occasionally. Hononraole sportsman remit 2s 61. for Handbook, unique system, and test letter.-41, PERTILN an., Tulsa Hill. Surrey.

ThINA, SANTHEINWAHH, titiCONDS, every description NJ Bazaars, 'hops, market : cheap lots. Bee beginner's crate, free tense. ; tremendous variety. Also Hawker's large bulk crates, about 1.00) articles, 38s. 6d. Cheapest In trade. Lists free.—Aming J. HuLL, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

-mAl?AeLiotioEtUcfniScLuLyhp'iroduFeitems obtains bog, luxuriant Bore Bloom, a harmless, natural, liquid rouge ; 'Veluto.- a pure, adhesive toilet powder ; ' Anti-Tartsr ' makes teeth beautifully white. removing all discolouration ; 7i each, post free (privately), 4 or 11. 9d.-80, STAPLETON RD., Tooting, London.

P_ /MY UPRIGHT GRAND ; Hob tone I_ Iron frame, latest improvements ; cost 30 guineas ; take 17 guineas; cash Wallteci•-1, LOWER DALLINI LANE, Warrington. WNCZYthrn°gßof"altil.d—eWscerippatronholgh:eatnapraicstirsialorpaircefetl-off LONDON AND PROVINCUL DRESS AGENCY. SS, Stoke Newing- ton rd., London.

ADIEs' KNITTED SHOULDER SHAWLi.—Fawn .1.4 Cardinal, Grey, Brown. Green. Black, 11. each, 3 for 2e. 6d., carriage pald.---CENTELL ManuirsoruAtine Co., 70, Bankelde et., Leeds.

OBLIS CURB SR ACELHIT. with padlock ; mtgnificen II specimen ; 18-carat rolled gold; adornment to peace tion ; ss. post free.—T. IdaraccoN, Postal Specialist, 19 Watson rd., Worksop.

BHLL'S TURF SYSTRId.—A brilliant success ; astonishing results ; simple. practicable, easily worked. Irrefut- able balance asst.—Send stamped envelope, J. B. Br, 63, Penton it., Liverpool. P.6.—This to genuine.

HARD TIM, Special Offer.—Cut down your Tailoring Bill: and save money; large purchase Suit Length+ from 6.. 6d., or the Suit to Measure from Ms. 6d ; write patterns. particulars.—TnE CLOTH HART, Sunderland. HORSII OWNERS.—A valuable recipe for quickly getting horses in tine condition for show or sale; guaranteed genuine: Ir. Id.post free Also grand recipe reducing swelling on legs, U.—MANAGER. Dairy, Baneswell. Newport Mon.

Ni ILK.—livery Farmer, Milk seller and Cheese-maker 1 abould use (Hawley's Patent Milk Sieves). remove all sediment ; all sizaa kept In stook • orders by post receive prompt attention.—J.G.Hawrxr, Sliver Medallist, Newgate it., Cheater.

nLANlChTS.—Clenulne Offer. 100 pairs each real Witney's Se. lid , 10s. 9d., 12s. 114. 146. I 14• 16s. lid., 18s. 11d. 21r. Bd. per pair, carriage paid. lixceptonal value; satis- faction guaranteed or money returned. Welsh Flannels, a speciality. Patterns on appI.—HoLMIPATON'S LTD., liedditoh.

SCOTCH HOSlHRY.—Wearers can only bur direct,carriage paid, our " Perfectos " Underwear for Ladivi, Gentle- men, Children. These goods are made from pure combed wool, arid for manufacture, comfort, economy, unsurpassed by World'. make. Write for samples and yourselves judge, state size. Likewise a few Scotch Tweeds,chesp salt lengths. patterns free, also Costume lengths and Overcoatings.— HOSIEBY SUPPLY CO., HAWICK,

tU ANTBD.—Parmer's son, or young fellow living to TV country with little spare time at his disposal, to send address to Box 6359, i/o tia.kartow t MATCHER, Holborn Place, London, W.O.

HER/I'd A CHASCH FOIL YOU £lio—£3`,o a Sanitary Insi,ector, Lady Health Visitor.—Postal Course Lessons for Liverpool Examination now commencing, 4LO aucceiree.—Mueracrre, Sanitary Expert, Sunderland.

Xs LOOKING for easy money? Etop then; we have . newest, best,genufne money-getting plans out ; can he worked by anyone anywhere. bend at once for valnato.e nformatton free to FLA:ca. 435, Chorley Old rd.. Bolton.

ACIENTS and Dealers Wanted as sole representattvet, to handle the moat perfected Gil idantle oa the market, in all towns in United Kinglow—Apply Box 6041, do SHARROW TEIATCHER. Holborn Place, Lonoon,

SOOlOll POTATOES,—Now booking for present or Spring delivery and guaranteed free from Black Saab. the tamed Dalhoustes, also Up-to-dates, King Bdwards, Table Talk, Langwortbys, and all the leading varieties.— Address FRANK "LAPP. newton, Laurencekirk, Scotland, sad Oroston, near Preston.

CARNATIONS, 80 Varieties. —l2 different, 4s. ; 12 In 6 sorts, 3.. 6d.; 100 In 50 varieties, 20s. btandard Roses, 151.; Dwarf ditto, be.; Climbing ditto (5 to 8 feet), 9s. all per doz , cheaper by 100. Clematis Ampelopsts, Ivies, green and variegated, Honeysuckles, 2 of each, strong plants, 6s. Golden Hnonymus for window-boxes, best in trade, 4s. per doz.; 12 inches and 6 inches through, 25.. 100; green up to 3 feet, 34., 55., 9... and 12s. per doz. Fruit and other trees very cheap and goof, or exchange for pouItry.—FAIIIHEAD, Nurseryman,Leyton,Hssea; Covent Garden,Stands 352 to 385.

VURISIbIiING GOODS FOR CAUL—Carriage paid, .12 25 to 60 per cant. cheaper than Hire-Purchase Houses. Jul!-size Bedstead, 2 inch pillows brass mounted, 295. lid.: all brass, 45, 6.1. Single size, with wire mattress, Ili. 91. Full-siz3 Wire Mattress, 3-ply, raised sides, 12s. lid. Japanese Rugs, 30x60, is. 3d,; 36x72, 31. 3d. Large Goat- skin Rugs, 6a. lid. Best Cloth Rugs, 30360, 51. 9d. Uphol- stered Winker Chairs, 6s. lid, Woven washable Blinds to order, from Is. 3d. fringed Or insertion and lace. Send for catalogue of hundreds of other bargains.—OZlAP3lAa'S Ftrunsante STORES AND BEDDINO MINDFACTORY. 60 to 67, Stapleton rd., Bristol.

A lISALTIfY London suburb with Hducational advan- tages. Houses and land for sale, to let and wanted.— AUCTION, (SURVEY, VALUATION AND HaIATE OFFICES, 89, High it., Southall, Middlesex,

VOR SAUL—AII those WIRES SEIOPS situate in Winwick at., Warrington, awd numbered 37, 39, and 41, at present in the occupation of Mrs. Stirrup and Mr. Brocklehurat, together with buildings and stables in the rear. erase annual rental £175 125., sukject to an annual chief rent of £2O lls 6d.—Apply 8. OWENS, Estate Agent, Widnes.

OFFICE FOR PATENTS 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. 1387.4.ELpHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6D. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE Ii

lir be araminer *nits THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER s published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Wlnwick, Padgate, Lymm, &a., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. 'FHB RUNCORN EX %MINER, published every Saturday I. morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapesti facilities to Advertisers. MEE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday J. morning. Widnes contalnt the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. PUB HAALESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Ilaydook, Lowton. !to. The district thus comprised is a;most Important part of the Lancashire coal delft. pitH ST. HELENS EX Atditihs. published ever I. Saturday morning ,eirculating In St. Helens. Preston Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross, Ac.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pREPAID A BYERTNEAENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MIJOLILLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. Ed. ... Is. Od. ... Fs. 9d. 27 —. Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. 58. 05, ... 65. 05. 58 ... Is. 05. ... 2s. ea. ... 41. 05. ... 61. ed. 46 ... is. Ed. ... 3s. Id. ss. 05. 7s. 05. 64 —. Is. 6d. ... 51. Bd. ... 6s, Od. 10s. ad.

THE EXAMINER. NOVHISLIBER 14th. 1908.

\ \

...-4,,,. /' _..„4.-,4, ...1,. tivp‹..„ 01.,____-,..#•-wp.,.:.- 7- 4 7. - filari L4^, 1 , 4 ' 4P-4:lWitiv: i •A: ~' -71x.,V.:46,4 --........0.....amirr i.,;_,..., . ,!;:' '' „ y,!.:' ',"..,fc,1fit:g;;;;,...„--"-.. ... ~‘", • ---,-.7:::::::: :K:i ..: .:.:•:.: :illF".z, :t: ' • *. ' -7----- I. ‘ '4,71:::"--:= 1:.; ' :]::.n.:.: :::::'::: :::::::: : .•:-:•:•:•:•:+:•:•:•:•:•:•:•!•:•:•:•:•:•::•:•:•:•:•.... '''''.4 ' ' ti ''''' 'a- 4:'***'\.-.:Q.:_:77: .:: '.::::::::* :::::::::•:7:.::::::::::::. '::::: ". •••••:•:•:::::::.::::::::::::.:::::::::::::.::::::•::::::::1 ..:1;:;;;':1:6*.....' ''' ''...i.i4'" 4:*(t444\ .141-,.t.- ::.:i.:::f.. •::::f•::::.:::::::::::::::: :::::::. :: ::::.:::•:•:•:.:-:•:•::::::.:.:.::::::::..::::::::::::::::, ..,1174t.k41 ;';'. '..t.::•.?-31;,- A. :40.1;1/46:4701 ..::'::::::.i :::::::::::::::::::::::::: :::•:.: 4:::::::::•:•:::;::::::::::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 1 .4 ft* _ -4, 4 ..‘. g.: • - %4.. ,i ... That,s what I want " GOSSA GES' PLEASE" that's how millions of British women are ordering Dry Soap from their Grocers to-day. From clothes washing on Monday to house cleaning on Saturday, they find it a harmless but thorough clean- ser. It makes the water delightfully soft, dissAves a.nd eradicates dirt, grease and grime, and makes everything fresh, clean and sweet. GOSSAGES' is genuinely pure the result of 50 years' conscientious soap making. THE BEST. THE SWEETEST. THE CHEAPEST. Let merit decide the soap question for lou insist next time upon your Grocer supplying you with 14 .rif ..: E , , „„. ~..,,, ~_ . . . V '1 'tl -4 '. • -'... :' ,:4fi• -'.. ' \a ODA JEO / . -rHE Bur THE SWEETEST THECHEAPEST

\Ol VM'&\ ,o,

• • - - j as. çó RDES BILE BEANST,

Heavy Colds. Don't waste time in trying to cure a cold with an ordinary soothing cough mixture, which may do you more harm than good. As soon as you feel the first symptoms, begin at once with . • . .• ANGIE :'S Emulsion • which quickly cures the heaviest cold. It immediately relieves the dry, hacking cough, and allays the irritation and soreness of throat and chest. At the same time it keeps the diges- tive organs healthy V: and has a wonder- fully invigorating influence upon the .‘• general health, en- s, abling the system 4 to quickly throw off (10, the cold and to re- sist further attack. 4E5 Of all Chemists, l/1, 2/9 2/9 and 4/6. A Free Sample on receipt of 3.1. postage. Mention this paper. MOW CHEMICAL CO., it Snow MIL London.

CHILDREN SLEEP WELL when they are healthy and their food is doing its proper work. 0 THE BEST FOOD IS Neave's Food which for bore than 8o years has /1 helped to preserve and build up the young life of the Country. When mb prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and assimilated by the most delicate Infant and forms A COMPLETE DIET.

IDR. : BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS BAreta'new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing da'kaclie, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all Igiseases'of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet nhree times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses youlwill have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain 1 A Backache, &c. Write at once enclosing 52 stamps forone box or 33 stamps , or 3:.boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO., 63;INELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON,

FLAVOURE'D] WI ['a RIPEIFRINT,PUICES CHIVERS' LIR LANCLT :-" An excellent Jelly, possessing a flavour of quite enatural character." GO GOLD 'JELLI MEDALES• TH FAMILY DOCTOR SAYS :-" We have nothing Crabut unqualified praise, for they are Absolutely Pure and free from adulteration." CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. If EST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM FACTORY,

~.......... _ . . .. le LK „ Jar . e ' ''..-.' ir V

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPTON'S -TEA. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD Local Branch :—WARRINGTON, BRIDGE ST

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS! 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. October Bth, 190 G. Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you of the great benefit I that have received from your Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have been a great sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I have recommended your pills to all I have come into contact with, and shall always speak very highly of them. lam NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN THE HOUSE. You can make what use you like of this state- ment, which is strictly true. Yours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road London ;EADE'S GOUT 84 11]

FRIENDLY MATCHES. WARRINGTON "A " v. CADISTINAD.—These teams met at Warrington on Saturday before a good attend- ance, several promising juniors being given a tiial in the local ranks, while the Cadishead team had in its composition a fair sprinkling of Warrington youths. Burgess' the old Warrington half-back, also figured in the ranks of the visitors. Warrington were soon off the attack, and several brilliant passing movements were initiated by Lees. Cartwright scored a good try, which Mclntyre failed to convert. For infringements at the scrimmage Cadishead were twice penalized, but Gibbs failed with the shots. A complete charge now came over the game, the visitors taking up a strong position in the home quarter. Offside pliy by the Wirepullers " enabled Bramhall to open Cadishead's account by kicking a goal. The visitors maintained the aggressive and Morley scored an uncon- verted try. Half-time arrived with Cadishead leading by five points to three. Soon after the restart Jordan secured the ball near half-way, and, beating the whole of the visiting team, scored a magnificent try, Cart- wright adding a goal. The home team were now in front and set about increasing their lead, Bradshaw scoring from a rush and Gibbs converting. Burgess made a good run, and when a try seemed certain he threw forward. A fine kick and speedy follow up t y Mclntyre was the means of further disaster to Cadis- head, the home custodian regaining the ball and scoring under the posts. Cartwright kicking the goal. Iu the closing stages Warrington again pressed home an attack and Landor scored, no goal resulting. Warrington ran out winners by three goals five tries (21 points) to One goal One try (5 points.) THE MATCH AT EVERTON. On Tuesday evening, in Manchester, the Northern Rugby League team to meet the Australians at Goodison Park, Everton, on Wednesday,November 18th, was selected as follows :—Clifford (Barrow), full back ; J. Leytham (Wigan), B. Jenkins (Wigan), G. W. Smith (Oldham), and G. Tyson (Oldham), three-quarter backs; P. Holroyd (Huddersfield) and E. Brooks (Warrirgton), half backs ; W. Jukes (Hunslet), H. Wilson (Hunslet), W. Johnston (Wigan), R. Padbury (Runcorn), A. Smith (Oldham), W. Longworth (Oldham), forwards. Reserves: H. Taylor (Hull), full back ; W, Batten (Hunslet),wing„ and Phil Thomas (Leeds), centre, three-quarter backs ; J. Jolley (Runcorn) and J. Flynn (Broughton Rangers), half-backs ; A. Robinson (Halifax), and Mann (Brad- ford), forwards. LANCASHIRE v. AUSTRALIANS. The Lancashire team to meet the Australi;us at Wigan, on November 25th, was selected in Manchester on 'Tuesday evening as follows :—II. Gifford (Barrow), full back; G. Tyson (Oldham), right wing, G. W. Smith (Oldham), right centre, B. Jenkins (Wigan), left centre, and J. Leytham (Wigan), left wing, three-quarter backs; J. Jolley (Runcorn) and E. Brooks (Warrington), half- backs; R.Padbury (Runcorn), W. Lon.''worth (Oldham). G. Ruddick (Broughton Rangers), A. Logan (Barrow), A Smith (Oldham), and D. flees (Salford). This is the same team that defeated Yorkshire and won the County Championship.

COFFEE BY POST DIRECT FROM THE MARKET at 1/6 per lb. Hold ROASTED only, not ground In 41b. packets for 6s. 61, carriage pad. GREEN TREE COFFEE • a blend of exquisite fisvour selected by a Connoisseur from tbe beet crops of the World and roasted by experts. Fresh daily. Coffee-mills If required on Appllcati,n. Learn what good pure Coffee Is Lk?. THE TREE COME Cu.. • 12, MARK LANE, LONDON, F.D.

. iii;. ST PktVill .... am Lamy ma r WM" irRORCIIIVS, CROUP & WHOOPINO CNN. roil. ept a • 1 11 t s,N. ~,,tr• FOR rnze S.,PLE NICHOLAS LOAN. CIICHIST, EPDINGTON. Ar- .? cAticilattrs.:7; 0- athe/ _

"A LADY'S SENSATIONAL DIS- .°,7::( '' ': COVERY for creating a Full BOSOM -. and Fine FIGURE. The most hope- less cases treated successfully. Full particulars sent on receipt of money . --.1. °surdff(:crienfotr for aor fullt. .\,.... cure, twoby l o Misst s . - . A. Doring, Reuterstr 4, Hamburg."

loostfts r"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." 1

DRKBBLOODDIURf

THIS WORLD-FAKED BLOOD PURIFIED is warranted to Cieanse the Bluod from all impurities from whatever cause arisimr. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, , PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its ciTents are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLI CURE ALL SKIN &BLOOD DISEASE! Of all Chemists and Stores, zi9 per Bottle. BEV:if OF IMITATIONS, wairommemommiii

Well Regulated farriilies are fully alive to the importance of being prepared for those troublesome attacks of Indigestion and kindred ailments common to all, and of effectively dealing with them in the early stages before they have become dangerous lor chronic. Well regulated families are careful to have always a sound reliable remedy immediately available, and as experience has clearly proved 1 the undoubted superiority of Beecham's Pills as a family medicine, a box of 0 this invaluable corrective is always kept at hand. For removing such distressing disordefs as Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Liver troubles in general, and Constipation, it is ever the wisest and most satisfactory course to :rake Beecham's Pills. The remedial properties of these pills, however, are not I limited to the cure of digestive troubles alone, but exercise a specific and A beneficial influence upon the nervous system. Well regulated families are i aware that there is no finer tonic, nor any more certain means of banishing A disease from the household than may be secured by a judicious and regular I use of 0 .18techanti's 71115.

Establi.died 152. Telepboce : 4790 Ct•ntral. BILLIARD AND BAGATELLE TABLES for winter eyelings. A I.rga stork of new ad ec,rn !- bind Tables always on hand. Illastratal Catal.gue and 3lonttay List a aa Ln4-hand Tables sent prat free George Edwards, 13g Klngsland Road, London, N.E.

FROM WAREHOUSE TO WEARER—DIRECT. Long Coat—splendid quality drips trim double.breaeted front, swing back with belt. shaped gauntlet cuffs. hip pockets and tab, vent at le.ek, aims, slender small, full, and outsize wonitiel., lengths 87.8 its. Colour light brown mom green, revel and navy blue. My mlental lcr thts In/9 port sound. Lou dwearibg Palatot is ‘../ free Dress Skirt, eery smare,versingoredVicn•la Cloth; overlaid team; inverted plonk et barb ; rows of stitching at foot; immlned buttons of same material. In black, navy. brown, r.yal. & green. Also in Tweeds is mid & (bark green and brown mixturee. Lengths St, Z. SA, 42 ins.; waists 2 to 27 in.. A eons- IQ poet bination of quaty, style & value. ga 147 frt.° ItEssuana that money is rettnied in full if goods are not approved. Orders for theee garmeuti will be extented in strict rotation. MoDONALD'S Regont St., WAREHOUSE. Rugby.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! H.M.S. Leander,lDavenport, November 30th, 1907. Dear Sir.—During the past six months we have had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and whilst hoisting in and out ocean tugs, copper punts and other small crafts, I contracted several chills one after the other, which finally settled in my legs and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. I was placed on the sick list and given the usual naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing your advertisement, I determined to try your famous Gout Pills, and after taking a few doses they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared and my legs are as strong as ever again. Yours Respectfully, G. SWACKENHAMME, Q.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. lid. and •2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. lEUMATIC PILLS.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION lar u d TPutnssuremedyccesstul ps- in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurityof blood, spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles, gravel, pains in back, gout,rheurnatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos.l, 2& 3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars Id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co,Havea• stock Road,ilampstead, LondonAprincipal Chemists. MERRYWEATRER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTE.CTION OF County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C. - .DO-TOU COUCiffq TAKE KEATING'S LozENGES Tins 13° 721VoSt? ifire''',4 .10: -A , • -

SPECIAL OFFER FOR 14 DAYS ONLY. 40/- SUIT or OVERCOAT for 25/. Made to Order. Patterns, Self-Measurement Form, and Tape Measure FREE on Application. Write now to PERCY FARROW, Merchant Tailor, 18 St. Margaret's Avenue, Harringay, .... London, N. ~iat-C1 BF°7 - Viilif NOT! . \llktd!,,,oo, ) Buy your Boots ..\ .11,,' ,' ,' • DIRECT FROM . - . : 11118....:, THE FACTORY • ___PP-_-_,,,,,t,,y) 4‘'ljil at first cost, and Ail,// \ \l._ jf thus save shop 1, profits. , , A poetear<l Aril b ire 6k54.4 . pt6vrij..\ 'tt you OLe of car :idea- (baby illustrated Cate. lowaes with full part on- larr. We guarantee erery Boot Send Leather throughout. To enable us to add your name to our list of Rogukr Customer., Try a pair of our So. erior D'ox Calf or Chrowe D. rt 1 e., w,th speo;wr.y 6 4 etrol Water- proof Saes for Wei Went Ado. Pr.e,l-IM, p0...t trce. WOODWARD'S DIRPCT Hour SUPPLY CO., ' RUSIIDEN, NORTHAMP FUN.

_ CO YOU WISH TO SAVE 50°,/, ON YOUR CLOTHES? If so or/rotary read otir trarvellons c ffer. HOWARD 2tOSS & CO., ,iii \ TAILOR-RADII DRIBS EklltT • MAIsuricTrRERS. . • • S'or a elicit time cnly, to . tinitrote pulbuoeue,ottwer art az. intoodwepliptiyo - ' • . ', ' . you with one of our le.marg : re, des aa per skttch,,/co. . . . . 181.1, pleated back. Mode : • in lisuaer Tweed, a, ex- • , . eellynt guali.y in shades, : ' 1-. Grey, Ureen and Frown i. oliature ; also ill cur su. , ptriorspoll(selinish- : : ...\..c.i • edro.V,ike:lvllßS.vyill,Bstra.,,le.ns: rtle and 503 al. : . 1 ." '...c, P..yend the measure- ) it). ; *. if ' . merits of '1,,,, Front, Hips, ..*:.:::: .... .... , .....::::::1.:::...-:. ..... ----- - wit h P.O. for 4111 to atcare this rnarrellous bargai,. Postage, 51 extra. All sires over 41;" long and 28" waist, 1/- extra. All garnu-nte fitted on models before dispatched. Send at once while this offer lasfe. NOTE OUR ADDRESS: HOWARD ROBS S-. 00.,45 Market St., Manchester.
