===== 0002601_19081017_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN AMBULANCE BBIGABE•

===== 0002601_19081017_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
141.)1ER MEMORIAL FUND.

FINAL LIE OF SUBSCRIPTION 3. 2 e. d. ri:lteed, g of Peered Concert by Band of 2nd South Lancashire Regiment 19 10 11 D. Garnett th 5 5 0 ai -r Roberts Priend of Col. O'Leary Fairclough (Irpley daw 111111) lUD Interest 520 tint previously acknowledged 1271 3 6

===== 0002601_19081017_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
£1307 3 10

Vartnentipos ugintescies.

DO YOU WABT TO SELL your Business ?—lf ao,consult Mr. COWDELL. Business Agent, Lerch at., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
I - USINIISS WANTED, eaelly learnt, Milk, Coal or Poultry Farm preferred.—Write REDMAN, 8 Exchange it., Mancheater.

MILK BUSINIIS9, near Warrington, doing 100 gallons weekly, everything £5O, rare cbanee.—CoonES, 11. Hope at., Liverpool.

URUITEREIred and ORBENGROCIIC3 Businees for Sale; thoroughly genuine.—Partieulars from A., eto Mr. WilmOre, Stationer, 13, Lower Addlicombe rd., E. Croydon.

(113NUINS ATIII,RTIC SPORTS and TOBACCONIST 4...7 8178151158 ; retiring after 15 years ; proof given ; 1350 ; fixtures and stook kept fully up to date ; abont,£l.3oo. —Pint apply 8.J.W., 68, Rlchmonil rd., Mcatpelier, Bristol.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND EDITION ON SALE

THE WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19081017_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL and SPORTS

ANNUAL REeeRD

AN INVALUABLE PUBLICATION FOR ALL WARRINGTON Footballers Cricketers Runners Cyclists Swimmers Bowlers, etc.

It contains the Warrington P.C. first team and "A " team fixtures, Northern League fixtures, local scoring records and facts often asked about, cup-tie chronicles

(Rugby and Association), ewimming, running, bowling, and cycling records, the addresses of the secretaries of all ViTarrington football, athletic, and sporting clubs,

PORTRAIT'S of Alderman Tinnion J.P. (President of the Warrington Football Club), Evan Watkins (the Warrington threequarter), F. H. iShugars ,(forward), and E. Brookes (half back), T. Ellison, G. Ball, and G. Ball jun. (prominent bowlers), and the Warrington Water Polo Team.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
The Warrington Football Annual & Sports Record

IS AN INDISPENSABLE. Encyclopaedia of Local Sport.

"Examiner" Office,

Bewsey Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Ottutatton.

QC1:100L FOB GIRLS, GI/motion, Boughton, Chester.— AY Vacancy for one Ilttle girl as weekly boarder, al corn- panion to another.— For term. La., apply PRINCIPAL.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTER SCHOOL-WHICH?

THH UNIVBRSITY ? THH (AVM SHBVICH? LAW ? TANKING ? ACCOUNTANCY? T NACHING ? BUSINESS ?

Whichever career you decide upon. a preliminary specialised training is essential, if you would be successful.

SKERRY'S COLLEGE C ffers the best facilities for such specialised Training. It Is the Oldest, Largest, and Most Efficiently Staffed, and MOST SUCCESSFUL TUMULI, INSTITUTION. IT HAS DAY, EVENING, and 001IRBSPORDHNCli CLASSES IN ALL THE DEPARTMENTS. A SEPARAUS PROSPECTUS is Issued for each Department. Copies, post free, from the Secretary, 5, BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SAM N. GREEN,

THE SPOT SHOP

(FISH MARKET),!

===== 0002601_19081017_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
FOXt IEITIEELYTI-lING.

&ales' bn auction.

itionq

ONEY UNDER WILLS or DERDS.—Persons entitled to Cash or Property at death of others or to Life Incomes can Borrow at Bank Rate, or Sell. Advice free.— Messrs. NleVyrrric, 34, Iloorflelds, Liverpool.

" 111"Fallii yali DAILY, nialni2g6ivoron application. £l,OOO n. LOAN £5 REPPaAIIN £2O REPAY £22 10 LOAN £10; REPAY £ll 6 f £33 REPAY £3315 W. 3AORS.ON. 36. OROSFIBLD ST.. WARRINGTON.

NO FEES! NO FINES f I NO PUBLICI CY ! I .03 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY, in orw STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable HousPholders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all parsons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, " on simple promissory note only." at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to TER CHESHIBIi ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo it.. Bankey it., Warrington ; also at I?, Greenwood it., Altrincharn. Mead Office, 329, Waterloo rd , Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

XSTO £5,00 LENT DAILY lovessr INTERE....! IN ENGLAND. a loan, Repay 2g. weekly. £25 loan, Reply 10g. weekly £lO „ 48. ~ £3O „ ~ 12g £l5 „ „ 6g. „ £53 „ „ 20.. „ £2O „ „ Bg. „ £lOO „ „ 355. „ No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attention Appllcants from this district. ; METROPOLITAN LOAN iSz; DISCOUNT CO., 1 219, BRUNSWICK St, OXFORD RD., VIANCHIBTRIR : and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bralbley's Clothing Shop), NORTHWICH, 65 EDMISTON RD. (corner of Owarn St:), CREWS, 8, TRENTHAM ST., RUNCORN.

ttiST

PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS 2, THYNNII STRBIIT. WARRINGTON. riAsH ADVANCED PRIVATELY on day of NJ application at a lower rate of interest and repayment than any other °Mae In town, and at the following easy repayments : E 5 Loan ls. 6d. Weekly I £2O Loan-- ss. ad. Weekly RICI Loan. —...—..

===== 0002601_19081017_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS IS'CiDHUIBH.

Larger BUMS In same proportion. Other terms can be inntaally arranged. Special terms to farmers and shop keepers. Distance no o,,ject. Apply in conti fence personally, or by letter, to the Actual Lender, J. LORD, 2, THYN3III STRIINT, off Parker street (near Bank Quay Station). WARRINGTON.

I AN £3 TO Y PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CREDIT 1 £l,OOO can have money on note of hand only ONisTERMS at this well-known established Office. 1 DEFYING We are the only Firm where you can get a loan without the usual loan office COMPETITION' routine and without fees. Our Motto Is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Loans can be paid ae follows or otherwise. £3 loan Is. weekly £l.O loao 21. 6d. weekly 1 £5 „ Is. 6d. .. £2O ~ ss. ~ RI ~ 2s. 9 9 £5O , 12s. 6d. „ The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and increased. Call or write MAURICE A Co., Miss C. COTTERILL (UNI.GEREII.9), 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O. £5O, £lOO. 2i.DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. !JIM, Fer.sivls, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. hie Hou • • ,iders, on their own security, without delay, on our written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. Cowin!, VIOTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, IOOT ON TUN CENTHAL STATION. MAY-torn : JOHN B. ROOD WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWHATZ STREET, CHESTER. PHOMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to EI,OCO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE PAR TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, vie.— ,THE SIMPLICITY OF TUB PROMISSORY ROTH TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATH OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE Mrs"! OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF sell' ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent oases a Representative will call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of buslness. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

===== 0002601_19081017_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
100115e5 anb t anb on bait.

MNOARHSTHR RD.—On Sale. roomy semi-rills, 2 entertaining, 4 bedroom'. bath de., gaiden.—Address, CRITCHLET, 282, Manchester rd.. Warrington.

Q)')s liA acres.ll ;ffea7r4dOenF rfereur i (-60 porFioci; s ,fbrae tet,lsitaslopl 1 plots, close village, golf, Pities station mile, London 26. Photo.— JoasmoN, Lydden, Dover.

Ilitbfral

DILBS.-I utter remedy, whin gave me instant relief, for 15. 31,—M.5., 12 Denton Hornsev.

ECZBldA.—Certain Cure, box, ls., post free.—PEOFESBOII CAMEIION-COREF.T, 85, Lea rd., Kidderminster.

QIICIGS, Corns, Hardheels ; 'Surest)" gives comfort ; Is. Id. fres.—Ho.Kno & Co., f.,5, Market st Manch-ster.

rrAPBWORMS expelled In few trfure.—Partionlare, teitl- J. monied' (I'm—Humor', Box 100, Matlock at,Nottinghtun

A NEW remedy for all eye sufferers ; cures when every LI other remedy and Human Skill fails. Particulars free. —LEGGtrr, him, Wisbech.

PRIWBNTION IS BETTBR THAN CUR il.—Send 2. for reliable apeellic to present certain diseases.—A.Jomrson. 23, St. Alban'• at.., Weymouth.

JRUBBIFIG eases min. rubbing with Fsoally Liniment will cure it ; price including postage, le.--hiaCDONALD GREEN t 4 Box. button-at-Hone, Kent, •

66(1111TEX," the great remedy for liczema,lncers.sores and kJ all skin complaints. lf. 20. post free from CASTER, Chemist, Swinton Bridge, Rotherham.

rpaa MOVE-IT RHEUMATIC RlNG.—Cash 45. 6d., or 1 lc week for 5 weeks.—From bPENCE, Manufacturer Flirt/Ica! Appliances, Ilkeston, Blottlzaglam.

lIHSU fthenonlettes ' for prompt relief from all forms. 30 tablets for 10. 9d.—Drriscarr WRESTER, 64, Red Lion et. , Holborn, London.

IJRSUMATIS3I.—A Certain Care or money returned 14 prescription by Medical Bran sent for 2s. 6d —W. o"REBLEY,llllattierley it.. Princes Avenue, Liverpoll.

GB3ITLITISIAN blind for fire years can now see to read anything, cured himself ; Will send particulars o remedy free to all eye sufferers.—LKootrr, Elm, Wisbech.

Ips ElBUllitATloM.—Ttie only real Infallible cure for Mau- l%) matism, Gout, Sciatica. Is lima POLE Ots, at Is. led. and 25. 9d. post free.—Cimcs Co., 20.13.3rw1ck st..London.W

fl OITT and HHHURATISBI.—LIfe-long Sufferer will iend suPolv of medicine which gave him enormous relief. Bend Postal Order 21.6d.—Address MEDICVS, C/O Russell, 32, Sign it., Hereford.

WHOOPING COUGH cured at last by " Whooplne," a physician's remedy used by him in his practice for the kit 5 years with unfailing success, quick, safe and certain. Post free le. 10d. from Calm Chemist, Normantoo.

• A WONDERFUL DIFOOVNLY.—InhaIe Pinone," cures ZL colds, Influenza. asthma, cataarh, and all affections of the chest, throat, and nose; post free Is. Id.—J. KELLL, Chemist, Dept. 65. 68 West NW, Wandsworth, London.

STBUILB MAHMAGII.—Ita cameo and curative treat, inept. By a late eentor Physleitn to I Hospital for Women. A new edition just published. Post tree 3,, & Co.. LID.. 33, Gfraneclaunch, st. London;

===== 0002601_19081017_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
, 11...'. ' •,' .. 1 - .11 , J-• I . , I ' 1 , . . , 1 : t : 4. • : . 7.1 'f 4L ' i 111 1 A. 4 •. :41 C 4 i I . ' 4 '', t.,' t i! 4 : i i - f .'. .:. ' t ~.. . ... . , , .. ' --fl,'i • .. ''''..,•.. :: !;-.1-• ... -......'.: . I ;". V.,,, . . • -.L.-, . ~,,,,, , :::J , .. k, ~- • t • - • ..;1': i.....lll''.'''' ;. '-•-!: t.'-' t ' , ,i','.-• ~• .. .. , ... t • .• ' t..'.; . •-.... -,'IVI -• 1.1:' '...if... E 1 . "...:j. E. - , 4..• i . ... . 11. - ..,.„ . . -•, • - .• t . , • v,....--t,. I ,•7,'!„;'i .... ... : • --:: 3 '2-:•-• 'i • • ~.,, , ".. •., • 1 . -1.-' • ":. .0

===== 0002601_19081017_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19081017_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUCALIS Pats SELF-RAISING FLOUR AORY TREED The Examine): Saturday, October 17, 1908, WOMAN'S REALM. .

CALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] anti, Jack, I'll wait for you as long as over you wish me to—as long as I'm alive, if need be!" GALBRAITH OF THE i Proudly, joyfully, the sailor looked clown into the hazel eyes shyly gazing into his own, and for THE MATINEE HAT. WATER, LILY. i a few seconds his tongue refused its aid. Then he drew the girl to his side, and while the water The question of the matinee hat has been I gurgled its eternal message at their feet, and out raised in an acute form by a gentleman wh3 13y OSWALD WILDRIDGE, ! over the marshes the gulls screamed and circled loudly and persistently refused either to sit be. ' and screamed again,ancl on the mown of far-away hind two ladies wearing fashionable monstrous Author of "When the Sea Gives up its Dead," Griffel the sun poured its farewell rays of golden erections of feathers and ribbon that effectually I "The Plotters," "Captain Jerry, Master glory, he told once more the old, old story, that , blocked the stage from his view, or to move to Mariner," "Through the Sno edrifts," dm i never grows any older. By the time that the another place; and so compelled the manage- I telling was done, and the two had vowed that assent to como to the rescue and invite the ..______ I neither fathers nor any other earthly power offending chapeaux with their wearers to occupy I. ; should part them, the twilight had faded into the a box. The right of every person who pays for "You're quite sure about it, Jim ? " - deeper solemnity of night, and Madge slipped a seat to obtain on uninterrupted view of the stage is obvious enough; and few women, in "As sure's I'm a livin' man, sir. Sam Harris thrwii the little gate which opened from the fact, are so selfish and stupid as to go to the has been told off to blow the gaff, and in a day nasty fiats into her father's park, and her lover theatre in big hats which they refuse to remove or two he'll be letting you know that Galbraith's was rowed aboard the Hawk, which at once Most ladiee either wear small toques or remove going to run his cargo at Allonby. Then, while turned her nose to the sea for her nightly prowl their hats at matinees, without waiting to be asked. the Hawk's cruising doon yon, waiting for him along the coast. If the managers made a rule, therefore, that all Galbraith 'll sneak up t'other side o' t'Firth and Three days later it, was announced that the hats must be removed, it would be a very small tack reet across here intil Moricambe an' git his sloop had been ordered to Allerdale to refit, and minority of women who would be affected by 1 i when I was ascertained she was actually '1 that the compulsion. But there really is something to stuff landed." laid up with her tackle unrove, the Moricambe be said on the other side of the subject, declares I Lieutenant Elliott smiled grimly, and after a " Filomena " in the Illustrated London Ncirs. ; few more words threw himself back in his seat to smugglers glanced knowingly at each other, and The hair needs special dressing to he fully think out the problem that now presented itself, by sundry winks and nods declared as plainly as shewn; and then it is very disagreeable to sit for , For years the Revenue authorities had been words that Lieutenant Elliott was more of a two or three hours nursing a hat, especially as • engaged in a desperate, unceasing warfare against greenhorn than they had imagined, and that the seats in a theatre are rather too high for the the smugglers who plied their risky calling Captain Galbraith would have no difficulty in average woman's comfort, and prevent her from y Firth, an ico running his next cargo round Grune Point. of the Solwa "d th • " making a lap" w-ith ease; while to leave the along the shores precious headgear in the cloak-room means not months ago, despairing of success, they had made' It happened, however, that at that very moment only an excessive charge levied by the manage- a request for naval assistance, with the result Elliott and his crew were lying low aboard the ment, but also risk to its treasured trimmings that John Elliott, lieutenant aboard H. M. frigate . Revenue cutter Kittiwake in one of the inlets and delay and crushing in reclaiming it. Would i Revenge, forty-four guns, had been placed in 'on the other side of the Firth, whilst Jim it not be possible for light receptacles to he command of the Hawk—a trim little sloop of Jordison was posted elsewhere—and each was affixed underneath each seat, into which a lady's eighty tons—and given entire control of the biding his time. bat could be slipped during the performance? 1 operations, his instructions being to fink or I ORIGINAL CLOTH COSTUME. ' capture any of the free-traders who got within , Pictured in our illustration is a charming range of his guns; and, above and beyond every- afternoon gown of original and very modish thing else, to put a stop to the depredations of style. It is realised in soft fine cloth of light one Tom Galbraith, the most daring and success- weight and smooth, glossy surface in a delight- ful of the lot. "Now, Jim, listen ! I'll tell you what you've ful tone of Nattier-blue. The dress has quite a I Princess effect, but in reality there is a seam at got to do," the young officer remarked at last. tho waist on either side, Which is introduced to The two leant their elbows on the table, the one listening whilst the other talked; and when they parted there was an understand- ing between them which boded ill for the smuggling ringleader and his men. "There, that's off my chest !" Elliott observed when the other had left. "Now I'll sail into my future father-in-law, though, faith, I'd as soon stand in front of a double-shotted six-pounder. But never mind, it's for Madge—and I'd risk a lot more for her! " That the young lieutenant meant what he said no one may doubt, and yet the task he had taken upon himself—the disclosure of his love-story to Richard Mortimer,winding up with a request for the latter's benediction—required nearly all the fortitude, and certainly every atom of the self- control, he possessed. Mortimer was a man of vitriolic humour. Grimly silent, his long, sinuous fingers closely interlaced, his keen eyes fixed upon the man before him, lips upon which there hung the shadow of a sneer, Richard Mortimer sat and listened to the end, and when at last he spoke Jack found his hopes tumbled to the ground like a pack of cards. "I have no doubt, Lieutenant —er—Elliott, " Mortimer began, in razor-edged tones, "that I ought to feel deeply honoured by the proposal you have so elegantly conveyed to me ; but I regret to say I tun quite incapable of the appreciation that your case demands. lam delighted to hear of the confidence reposed in you by your superior officers; I am equally gratified by the assurance of . l eto ' which

lips abeot. It's hurtin' me badly this talkin', but ah 'nun gang on till Vend. "Yance ah'd a laal lass "—after another pause— I "an' she wer just the beet o' me life, an' me beet went oot. She wee bad a lanc, time, bit nut too long for Miss Mortimer to bide by her; she wes here mornin' noon an' neet, an' it wer yan o't' bonniest sights on God's earth to see her wid her angel ways makkin' my bairn's days brighter— an' her slippin' away easier. An' ah'd do owt to repay a wee bit o' me debt o' gratitude. "Noo she's gone ower t'oald rooml fur me. Why, man, deem's nowt wid her smoothin' yo're pillow, an' coolin' yo're burnin' broo, an' smilin' seah peaceful and,comfortin' like intil yo're face. "An' noo, to mek up for it a bit, I'se gene to leave her a legacy—a legacy o' joy, if yo're as good a man as ah tak' ye to be. Will ye oppen yon drawer?" Awe, fear, hope, curiosity—his brain in a whirl under the combined buffeting of all these emotions—the yowl.' officer obeyed the command. "There's a key ia'bottom." "Is this it ? " "Aye! Now oppen that corner cupboard." "Yes, what next ?" "Yo see that lad l oak box—wool, git them peppers oot an' read them." Noisily, with all its old rollicking haste, the little clock on the shelf ticks out the minutes, and when ten of them have gone, Jack Elliott, with whitened face and quivering limbs, looks upon that other white face on the pillow, and hoarsely gasps: "It's a lie, man—it's a lie! It cannot be true." "Pse a dyin' man, Meister Elliott —am I likely to lie ? " is the only response. Hastily Elliott picks up the papers and once more devours their contents; then, turning to the bed, he grips the smuggler's hand. "Yo believe noo ? " "I must. I cannot help it." "An' yo'll—yo'll—yo'll never tell her ? " "Galbraith," Elliott gravely answers, "haven't I told you that I love her ? "

Like some mysterious creature of the night, the Water Lily, all her lights extinguished, swept round the Mull; then her canvas was braced up, and a course set for the harbour in which the whisky barrels were to be secretly landed. Judged by the free-and-easy bearing of the blue- guernseyed men lounging about the deck the vessel might have been engaged upon a perfectly fair and square enterprise; but the thing that at so lightly upon them was not indifference, but habit, and, without any manifestation of the fact, every ear was tuned to catch the wandering whispers of the wind-swept waters, and every eye wide open for its sights. Prom Duddon Mouth to Morieambe the Water Lily revelled in a reputation gloriously her own. Not another lu,ger on the coast could shew such a clean pair of heels, and it was openly vaunted that she would never be taken so long as Tom Galbraith was entered on her log as skipper. Around Galbraith the years had naturally gathered a mantle of seafaring glory, and yet, as with lumbering roll he paces the little deck, while his craft bores its way through the night, his exterior presents nothing of heroic suggestive- ness. He is just a bushy-bearded, broad- shouldered, squat little sailorman, and it is only hit gls.s.ming eyes that reveal his alert intellect; to which ha owes his smuggling supremacy. Like the rest of his digs, moreover, he is utterly unconscious of any offence against the moral code underlying his profession, and on shore he is one of the most pious of mortals, and would sooner go without his Sunday's supper than his prayer-meeting. Thus the man with whose capture Jack Elliott has been entrusted. On reaching a point about a league from his goal the skipper grbwled a few words of com- mand, and a lantern was fished up the cuddy and held over the bows, and in a few seconds a - tly ,oint. Twice

Racked by the revelation that had come to him, hardly knowing what to think, uncertain as to what course to pursue, Elliott paced the Kittiwake's tiny deck and endeavoured to un- ravel the many threads in this woefully tangled skein. He was still there when the first flush of the autumn dawn fell like a benediction across the waters, but by this time he had got the thing well in hand, and the chaos had been reduced to something like order. One thing he felt to be imperative, he must see Madge's father again ; for the rest, events must be left to sort themselves out. His second reception was quite as chilling as the first had been. Mortimer was surprised by the visit, it is true, annoyed also, but the man was invested with a wonderful power of self- control, his features ever served him as a mask, and the look which he fixed upon his visitor was exactly as before, a combination of indifference and contempt. Concluding that Jack had called to renew his request for Zadge's hand, he deter- mined to cut the interview as short as possible. "I'm afraid, Mr. Elliott, that you are a person of poorer judgment than I had imagined. It will save your time, and mine, however, if I inform you at once that I am not in the habit of chang- ing my mind in the course of a week, and that even the brilliance of your smuggler-hunting has failed to impress me with a sense of your fitness 'as a son-in-law. tinder the circumstances--' "Steady, sir, steady ! Jack broke in. "Yon

eb 1 , , ' -..,\ I. L'__7l -7 •t. .4 ..f,‘",„...1' i / VI .-- , „ ... *if •..;.-x---_..A;;- ir -..t a

f !!!•.,;,& 'IN i,,%----, s•-•.---.--4,.., . - *4-- --- - . . -IL- ,. .\ '. ",1 '1: • s3' .' -., ,-," •:;\ , -‘ ' ',• ~.\\ 1,-, "- ~,,,•_.,.71c,•.t.,, 111 ((1 ~,,t„. . ,p,,,i1,,, 11. . ,•1 ; 1,, 1,1, t,ri l I 1 1 l'l'' , ; ii,11:1 ,' I ,I'l \ u ',.‘,;„,,\$ lir 1 P4l - • I'lp 1 ;Ti, / •,,,,,,, .• i ~,, fp• , 'll/1,1,1' //if( ' , ~,.,•.,v ..„.....-- - ~. :-,_-_,.___....r ~ ii.i,l - v

===== 0002601_19081017_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
- VATIO. °Years'

tred b:

===== 0002601_19081017_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I MISTI

P

===== 0002601_19081017_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
DRES3-EASHION-HOME.

THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF

ODDFELLOWS.

Distribution of Prizes.

The first annual presentation of the silver challenge cup and medals given by P.P.G.M. Thomas S. Steel and other prizes won by members of the Constitution lodge in the bowling handicap held at the King and Queen Hotel on Saturday, 10th September took place at the Pelican Inn Buttermarket-street on Saturday evening. N.G. Richard K. Wilson presided, and there ' were else present—P.P.G.M. Thomas Steel, P.G.M. Lot Brooks of the Cadishesd Lodge, L.G.M. George , 11. NV. Steel, V.G. T. Ellison, E.S. Frederick B.Mellor, J.T. Joseph Grounds, P.S.C. Frederick Webster' P.G. 1 Holloway, D.G.M. Freeman. The prizes were distri- I buted by P.P.G.M. Thomas S. Steel and P.G.M. Lot Brookes. The proceedings took the form of a smoker and a very merry evening was spent. The Ca kniMAN after welcoming the district officers and brethren, said their first howling handicap had been a great success and they had a balance in band. Not only had P.P.G. M. Steel presented the Lodge with a silver cup and a gold medal for the winner but he con- sidered the play of the runner up was so praiseworthy that he had decided to giro him a gold centred silver medal in addition to his prize. He (the chairman) trusted that the cup would be the means of bringing the members together at many so,:ial functions in the year to come. (Applause.) P.P.G.M. STnnt, then presented the cup and rr edals and the Prow. Grand Master Lot Brookes distributed the other prizes to the winners as follows :-Ist prize, G. Holbrook; 2nd, T. G. Ford; 3rd, N. Daintith and W. H. ; 4th, W. Watson, Joseph Grounds, S. Wrav and J. IL James; sth, T. S. Steel, H. Taylor, W. Hollow ay, J. B. Mellor, NV. Lawless, J. T. Mather, IV. Lee and R. Shelmerdine. Mr. STEEL thanked the lodge for the kind appreciation with which they had received the cup. His desire had been to foster and cement the good feeling which had always existed among the members of the "Constitu- tion Lodged. It did not do for them always to he working, a little recreation was necessary and from what he saw whin the g Imes were played at the King and Queen, he was satisfied that the cup had already resulted in a great deal of good. He congratulated Mr. Holbrook in being the first to hold the cup, and be also congratulated Bro. Ford upon making such a NI() fight for it. Both were school-fellows of his at Orford and he was therefore all the more delighted to hand theta the prizes. (Applause). Bro. HOLBROOK upon- receiving the cup said he had never seen a main played with more friendly feeling than their own, and he hoped in the years to come the members would rally round and support the competition. (Applause.) Bro. FREEM t.:4 afterwards presented P.C. Holloway with a framed embhun for his services, and remarked that he had acquitted himself very well. Bro. Holloway replied in a satisfactory manner. Votes of thanks were given to the prize donors on • the proposition of P.G. Lr.srert to the district officers for their visit on the proposition of P.G. ALBERT E. BURDETT, and to the artistes on the proposition of L.G.INt. G. W. El. STEEL. Songs were rendered by Bros. Buckley, Mellor, A. Boyle, S. Reddish and G. Holbrook, Messrs. Lloyd, C. Geldard, L. Ankland, and R. Grounds sang duets. Mr. W. Pemberton was the pianist.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
FIGHTING MEE DOGS.

At the B )rough Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor (presiding) and other magistrates, James Leonardy and Janes Hopkins were charged with lighting on the 3rd of the present month. Leonardy did not appear. William Hewitt, Friars Green, said that about 2.0 ia the afternoon he heard a row outside and on going Into the street saw the two meeflghting like dogs." Hopkins face was streaming with blood and he looked in a very pitiable ocndition. Hopkins said he was fighting in self-defence. He was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days and Leonardy for not appearing was fined ta)s. rod cc its or one month.

• ____ THE HEW BEEF TEA-JU-VIS. Prepared solely from Beef and Vegetable. Makes delicious rich gravies or a cup of strong Beef Tea for a penny. Ask your grocer.

r 41!

===== 0002601_19081017_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19081017_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDNESS

Eye Diseases Cured

Without Operation By un.Linm MELLOR. The Eminent Eye Specialist and Cold Medallist. He has already Restored Sight to thousands wht were given up by Eye Hospitals. If you are Blind and have been pronounced incurable and condemzed to a life of darkness, then DO NOT despair or give up hope until you have had his opinion. You can have the very best advice procurable FREE OF CHARGE. The knowledge and skill, and what is more the great gift to cure that Mr. Mellor possesses is truly miraculous. His is an exceptional treatment, not applied or nderstood by the Faculty. He has even given sight to those that were Born Blind.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE BOOK ON EYE DISEASES

A Valuable Book on the treatment of Eye Diseases, and

giving full names and addresses of the people that bane recovered their sight will be presented Free of Charge to any sufferer mentioning this paper. Write plainly.

W. MELLOR, 168, Oxford Road, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
(SEVEN YEARS LAMED BY

SCIATICA,

A VETERAN HANDYMAN'S ADVANCED KIDNEY AND BLADDER TROUBLES.

DOAN'S BACKACHE KIDNEY PILLS DISCHARGIZ THE ACCUMULATED WATER AND A MASS OF IMPURITIES, AND HEALTH AND STRENGTH'. RETURN AFTER YEARS OF LINGERING DISEASE.

Mr. Frederick W. Stewart, of 42a, James-street, Devonport, is a staunch type of the Handyman. He has sailed under the Union Jack in all parts of the world, and has seen active service in the Zulu, Soudan, and Boer wars, and in many a bush light in the West Coast of Africa. He holds the Royal Humane Society's Medal for saving the life of a little child off the coast of Newfoundland. He is well known and highly respected in the Three Towns, and many local.

CLERGY, ATAGISTRATES, AND TOWN COUNCILLORS.,

are familiar with this remarkable case recorded here. "It was in 1901 I was first taken ill," he says. "It was nothing more than a throbbing pain in the sides and a weakness in the back—not bad enough to keep me away from work. But the strain of my duties soon told upon me, and at last I broke down completely. "The first doctor I called—l have had thireen in all —told me it was sciatica. He applied salt bags to the affected part,and that eased me for a time, but I quickly grow worse instead of better, and eventually had to keep to bed altogether. I was so helpless that I could not move in bed without assistance. My left leg was Lent up

ALL OUT OF SHAPE, and I completely lost the use of it. It was always cold and nothing would drive the sciatic pain away. "In 1904 I became in such a state that I had to be taken in a cab to the hospital. There I was kept on a strict milk diet, and the secretions from the kidneys were tested three timos every day. If I closed my eyes the nurses would shake me to rouse me ; they said they dared not let me fall off to sleep or I should never wake again. The doctors said it was impossible for roe to last long, and looked upon me as a freak of INature to be living at all seeing my condition. I was in such agony,that I. would have welcomed death,and I appealed to the physicians to let me die. "Eventually I was taken to P Convalescent Home, and it seemed at first that I was making a litt headway there, for after three weeks I could manage to move a little with the aid of sticks, though the left leg was still

===== 0002601_19081017_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
POWERLESS AND DEFORMED.

Doctoring by Contract.—Mr. Kipling's picture of Miss Wren will, f course, soon take her place the doctor as a sort of hero, who always does his duty, in the small but highly - disciplined army of , 'o • no matter at what personal sacrifices to himself, will.be "medical women," of whom the oldest in ago appreciated by the doctor's wife. Meals kept waiting, and standing—that is. Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell— or hastily left half-finished, ctlls up the tube at night, has already celebrated her jubilee as physician. , and the necessity of being agreeable to people she A SMART EVERYDAY HAT. hates, because it does not do to make enemies, are but some of the trials that specially apply to the doctor's wife. But most general practitioners would • is a One has grown so accustomed to think of tho winter hats as mammoth creations that one rather be too busy than have too little work, and in 1 little apt to overlook the smaller chapeaux for America they are complaining of the competition of everyday wear. And yet there are a great many a new sort of medical Trust, which, in return for the ; charming small models for regular use, which payment of a small annual charge,undertakes to furnish i *re quite as becoming as and very much inoro medical attendance and treatment whenever required. useful than the huge hat of more dressy wear. There is nothing new in the idea of paying an annual A particularly attractive little everyday hat is fee to the doctor, whether you require his services or pictured in our sketch. The hat itself is a not, but it is only lately that the custom has become very popular with the public in America, and is not unlikely to extend to this country. Fan Painting.—Artistic work, by which many girls strive to add alittle to their dress allowance, is not as a rule very profitable. Time was when a very ordinary all-round teacher sufficed for the whole of a girls education, but nowadays every branch of study is specialised, and artistic work of every kind is taught in the schools and colleges. Consequently in the kind of work turned out by amateurs, the supply greatly exceeds the demand, but a few succeed very well at hand-painting fan work. The plant necessary is by no means expensive, but the amateur artist usually finds some difficulty in working open the strened silk gauze, to which too damp a wash is fatal, and re-touching spoils the work. An important point is the selection of a suitable design, and if the amateur aspires to make something more than a hobby of this work it is best to have a few lessons from artists who make a speciality of instruction in fan painting. Decorations and Furnishing.—When taking into consideration the decoration and furnishing of a room a capital plan is to follow closely in Nature's footsteps. For example, if a yellow and green scheme is conterup- plated, a daffodil offers the most exquisite shades, and though yellow is perhaps a little out of fashion just now, the colour is really one of the best to choose, especially for small and somewhat dark rooms. It is expanding in effect, and moreover gives illusion of sun- light on the most murky days. Blue and green is,at the moment, a combination selected by many housewives, famed for their artistic rooms, the bright blue of the forget-me-not and the dull green of its leaves, being the tints usually decided upon. Black woodwork has been chosen by two recent brides, the walls being painted white or a deep orange. Net Blouses.—The silk blouse is little in request among "smart " women, its place being taken by the crepe de chine, or plain ivory washing net varieties. Elaborately tucked and inserted with a little real lace, few afternoon blouses look more dainty and smarter than those of ivory net, always provided the net is really fine, and the blouse is lined with the same fabric, and then drawn over a cream satin slip. It is really n arvellous how long these net blouses will last if washed and ironed at home, rni if a little simple Valenciennes is utilised the home worker will certainly net find them expensive. Folds better than Frills. The craze for the high, pleated collar frill goes merrily on, but without doubt the majority of us would do better to pin our faith to two or three folded bands of crepe, wherewith to finish off the top of our collars. Very slender women, with tiny necks, may be able to wear the frills,but even so,it will certainly be found that the bins folds give a better effect. Great care and pains should be taken by the amateur dressmaker to have her collars very high, and very carefully supported, otherwise the blouse, however pretty, will present a dowdy, and " ready-to-wear " a;pearance. MADGE.

< ! -----,,. 1 _

COMMERCIAL Famcnns.—According to 6` Kemp's ! Mercantile Gazette," the total number of commercial failures rccorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, October 9th, was 163, viz. :—New ankrup!cy proceedings published in the London , Gazette, 75; Deeds of Arrangen:ent registered, E 9. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last rear were: Bankruptcies, 91; Deeds of Arrangement, 58—total, 149 ; being an increase of 14. The total ' number of commercial failures recorded during the 41 weeks of the present year is 6,455 ; the total numbEr recorded in the correspondin,g 41 weeks of last year was 6,031, stowing an increase of 424.

"But very soon I had another terrible breakdown. If possible I became worse than ever, and was in maddening agony. My leg was quite crippled, and began to have cruel pains in the back and loins. The urine was thick, and after leaving some to stand in a bottle for a few hours it would be half full of sediment.

your early promotion..., the captaincy upon W. _ responsive flash gleamed from the point. you have fixed your ambition, but at the present _ the signal was repeated, then the helm sY-a-s had your say the last time I was berm and it's moment you appeal to me only as a sailor for my turn now. I'll do the talking, if you please. whom his country has no better use than the put down, and the vessel headed for the narrow entrance to the bay. Few words were wasted in You've made a mistake in supposing that I'm on hounding down of a pack of ruffianly smugglers; my old errand. It's not a pleasant job I've got y roped for the men who were in waiting on the and in my experience men of your type usually welcome, and in a few minutes the barrels, ready in hand, and I don't mind telling you that for end their days, not as commanders but as hair- pay lieutenants. Under the circumstances I feel shore to bear them away to their hiclie-holes, Madge's sake I'd have given a lump out of my were being slung overboard, life if I could only have stayed away, but there compelled to inform you that when Madge Half-an-hour had passed when the shrill shriek are times in a man's experience when duty must Mortimer weds her husband will be a man with more tangible recommendations than of a warning whistle rang from one of the sand- ranh first." hills; in a trice the cables had been slipeed, "Ah, very interesting I'm sure, very!" visionary prospects; and I would advise you to . Mortimer drily interrupted; but in spite of all and, with her sweeps manfully plied, the Water limit the scope of your matrimonial dreams. If his sang-froid his heart was beating hurriedly, you are determined to `sail in company '—the Lily was heading for the sea. As she reached the and a sickening terror had him in its grip. point, the drip, drip of muffled oars fell upon phrase is your own, remember—there is doubtless" Yes," Jack continued, "I've come this time the skipper's ears; but his vessel now had the not as John Elliott, the suitor for a bonny girl's some bo'sn's daughter or farmer's wench to be wind, sail was clapped on, the sweeps laid had for tab asking. I will bid you good-day !" aboard, and with the first forward surge Tom band, bat as Lieutenant Elliott, of her Majesty's A storm of indignant protest rose to the young Galbraith chuckled grimly, for once more he 'Navy.. You've referred to my capture of the sailor's lips, but in time he remembered that the felt that he had outwitted the enemy. Fie° Water Lily, and it happens that I've been a little man who had thus poured insult upon him was minutes pass, ten, fifteen, the lugger is holding more successful than even you have bargained Madge's father, and, choking back his wrath, well on her southward course, the Revenue boat for." he replied : left far astern, vhen suddenly there is a hoarse "Really, Lieutenant Elliott," the other again "I'm obliged to you for your advice, sir, and shout from the man in the bows—the Kittiwake interrupted—his voice had a nervous little catch If you were anybody else but the man you are seems to literally leap from the screening shadow in it, and his eyes were not half so steady, but you should have the jolliest keel-hauling I've of the night, and Jack Elliott's voice makes he was determined to bluster the thing out— eve/. put given me my insistent eemand for surrender. "really, this must be very gratifying to yourself, anybody through. You've - sailtng orders, but let me tell you this cruise is Surrender! Tom Galbraith surrender! In ea e but I fail to see any point in which it concerns onlyjust beginning, and I'll report myself to defiance of his peril the smuggler chuckles again. me. If you are still thinking of Madge--" you again. I've never lost a craft yet that I've The 111811 who gets the Water Lily will have to laid chase to, and I'm not going to be beaten take her. Already ho has taken in all the "For Heaven's sake, man, leave Madge out of it! You know well enough what I mean, but if this time. In spite of all you've said I'll promise possibilities of the situation—one boat astern, you this, that Madge 'Mortimer will one day be a well-armed cutter across his bows, probably you want the thing plain and flat, well here it is—Tom Galbraith has told me everything!" Jack Elliott's wife, and unless I'm out in my the coastguard now in possession of the shore. "Ah!" In spite of himself the man could not reckoning it will be with your consent !" There is no child's play before him this time; he keep it back. Then, without waiting for any rejoinder, he has now to deal with a foe as crafty as himself. "Yes, everything. Told me that you are the turned from the room, and a minute later was There is only one thing to be attempted—a bold real smuggler, and that the man upon his death- striding at a swinging pace along the drive, dash for the open, and if that fails--well! bed and the others in prison cells have been mere whilst all unknown to him the man who had Smartly yielding to her helm the Water Lily tools in your hands, that your money set them driven him away watched his progress from one comes round, but as leer sails are again brailed afloat, your money kept them going; they have of the windows. The expression on Mortimer's up, Jack Elliott's voice once more rings out in dose the work, but yours has been the scheme face, moreover, was not at all what it had been et warning of sterner portent : and the scheming; they have had all the kicks during the interview, and if Elliott had only "Heave to, es? ! Lire!" and blows, and ° you have pocketed the lion's heard the words that fell from the autocratic lips A defiant yell from the smuggling crew; share of the profits. A pretty yarn to spin to his amazement would have plumbed its deepest then, as their vessel points up into the wind, the world, isn't it ? Richard Mortimer, squire of high repute, and lord of many acres, a there is a flash and a roar—a ball from the depth. smuggling screw! "He's a fine fellow !" Mortimer was saying. Kittiwake's bow-chaser ploughs its way over "And I believe that Madge has put her life in their heads, and splashes into the sea. Another his hands, but it mustn't be. I daren'e do it— follows, a third, and then at last the Water his by the blow, the guilty man cowered in his chair and listened to the tale of his own the risk is too great. A landsman wouldn't Lily's cruise is ended, her mast hanging is infamy, but not yet had he abandoned hope. count, but Elliott's a sailor, and sooner or later tangled mass of wreckage over the side and . There was still one loophole through which he he'd be sure to find out. Then Madge would Galbraith himself overwhelmed in the crash. A ' might wriggle his way, and as Jack paused for got to know, and she'd better lose a lover than flying splinter of jagged timber has pierced his breath he staked his last throw in a demand for that—that is more than I could stand. Anything side, and Galbraith's call has come. proof. In reply Jack produced a bundle of but that! " Paralysed by the double disaster, the fall of papers, and Mortimer knew that the game was up. And into the cold grey eyes there crept a look, their leader, and the wrecking of their craft, the "Proof !" cried Jack. "Here it is, tons of it. partly love, partly remorse, partly fear—a look smuggling crew offered but a half-hearted resist- You've been cute enough, I'll own, but you such as none who knew him had ever seen. ance to the boarding party that leaped, cutlass couldn't run the whole rig of a business like this To the outside world Richard Mortimer never in hand, upon them when the Kittiwake ran without putting your pen to paper, and here are turned a tender side. Year in, year out his bear- alongside, and in a little more than an hour the a few things that Tom Galbraith had sense ing was always that of scrupulous severity, and Water Lily had been hauled up on the sand, enough to keep." in return the people with whom he had dealings there to be sawn into three sections, whilst the A few seconds of dumb, taut silence, and then tendered him a large measure of aversion, which men who had run the gauntlet of so many perils Morthner spoke again. "You're a clever man, Lieutenant Elliott," he said, with as much of a in some cases closer association had ripened into were safe under lock and key—all but Tom Gal- positive hatred. Of his inner life little was baith, who lay ondor i h ....s own roof-tree, waiting sneer as he could muster, "and you've played knOWn. for the rising of the tide to carry him across Your game well. May I now ask what you are Madge's gracious bearing tended in a wonder- the bar to Life's last port. going to do ? " ful degree to soften the hostility entertained To his fate the smuggling captain manifested a I "Well," Jack replied, "I know what I ought against her father. Madge was everybody's supremely stoical indifference. He had gone to do, I ought to see you clapped in gaol; but— girl. Exposed from the days of babyhood through the years with his life in his hands; he you're Madge Mortimer's father. Then I know to her father's sole influence, she ought .by all had never lost sight of the peril that his pro- , what I might do—l might make Madge the price the canons of natural law to have imbibed hi I fession involved. Ho had gloried in its triumphs of my silence; but I've got some sense of honour petrifying spirit, and passed from girlhood into and its profits, and he was most assuredly not left, and when I want my girl I may take her her woman's kingdom chilled by most of his going to whine because of its penalties. This but I'll never buy her—our love shall not be asperities; but somehow it seemed as if all the indifference was manifested even in his attitude made a thing of barter. I'm going to do nothing , gentle,peace-bestowing charms of the mother had towards the man who had struck the blow. Out- st all. For Madge's sake I'm going to turn rrYy MASS OF IMPURITIES, ' been bequeathed to the child in double portion, side in the village men and women scowled at back on my duty; but, seeing that I've stopped • and the women in the cottage homes, their lot Jack Elliott whenever he passed them, and hatred your little business, perhaps that doesn't matter I the size and shape of a hen's egg, was discharged. Inside brightened by her ministrations, blessed her as rankled deep in many hearts, but to the dying so much. There you have it—Tom Galbraith , was a dry substance like chaff. their Lady Bountiful; and the men who hated smuggler the young lieutenant was merely a goes to his grave, his comrades go to prison, you "Relief after D a ' was quick. amid very noticeable . eFt s, ache kidney pills had driven out this foreign her father for his frown were as happy as sand- Man who had done hi g duty, and be bore him get off scot-free. I hope you feel proud of it all I , substance. The pains in the back and loins eased , boys if she only flashed upon them one of her no grudge. i There's one other thing I want to say, and then 1 sand I could manage to get almost straight. I even' round, nondescript shape of moderato size, and sunny smiles. Before the end came his attitude underwent a I'll leave you. If you've a scrap of integrity had a little powers in the left limb, which had been is carried out in soft niole-colou+ed beaver. Just Richard Mortimer, left you'll provide f too, shared in the devotion !weeping change; his indifference quickened 9 eor Tom Galbraith's widow, CRIPPLED SO MANY YEARS. ' in front is a big double bow of deep brownish. of which his daughter was the object. His into a vital, resolute interest. Little did Madge and all those other women and children until mole velvet, which holds in place two enormous passionate love for his child constituted his Mortimer dream that in playing the part of their bread-winners return to them. If you don't Before I began with DOEill'S the flesh of the left leg wings that almost cover the crown cf the hat, sole redeeming grace, was the single gleam of ministering angel to the dying man she was —well, love will have to be shot overboard, and had been just like dough, retaining any impression of These wings are really beautiful. They are light in his otherwise unillumined nature. It forging golden links in the chain of her own life, duty take its place."- the fingers, but now it o-as becoming natural 'gain. composed of mingled white Dad mole and brown was a taneible proof of his potentialities. Had It was only a-whisper, a little bit of sick-room I Thus, for the second time, the father and the "To-day lOM 011 t, end about the same as I a-as before quills, soft breast - pads of little downy - white his wife been spared to him it is possible that gossip among his womenfolk, but it opened lover parted. Left to himself the old man heaved tny illness, and there is nothing at all the matter with feathers shading to mole and biscuit, and under- she might hsucceeded ' the focus Galbraith's eyes to Madge's romance, and set have in directing a sigh, indicative of intense relief, and then by 'me except a slight pain in the left leg, which Doan's wings of mottled brown and white feathersk degrees his old spirit of strenuous self-possession 1 Pills are gradually curing. Ido not need sticks to get ' ' of his affections diffusing them through a wider his brain hard at work, and the result was forth- modish , particularly sh hat, of very distinguished style.' about with now, and I feel so fit and well that lam returned to him, the old craftiness reasserted circle. ' ' • b left that same night, when he amazed his , and made a good man of him but, to comingl down at the cleAs every morning by 6 o'clock. Last FRENCH EXAGGERATIONS. , and after all the the promptings of his own selfish' genius, he . wife with a request that she would send for , possibilities and probe- i The latest fashions are out, Wedeesday week I took n ten-mile walk, and at least an the novelties , bilities of the situation had been turned over ' d e fairly exploited. writes Lady Violet G , •...11•11 e in the creature of ice. Greatly wondering, Jack responded to the call, and weighed, and turned and weighed again, the ' ache ' kidney pills have dose all this fo r r me, changing the graphic. At present women in Paris are When Lieutenant Elliott in his calmer moments "Ali'vo nut sent fur ye to blackguard ye, walls, had they only been gifted with cars, 'me wearing their gowns almost indacently narrow attempted an analysis of alortimer's gibes and Lieutenant," the smuggler, with a wan smile would have heard him mutter: I tight, revealing their shape unblushingly,44 FROM A CRIPPLE TO AN ABLE MAN. and , , sneers, he determined that the thing which had assured him, "an 'if it's any comfort till ye all Yes, that's what I must do. He'll not buy managing to look as only true Parisians cut most deeply into the raw was the suggestion divvent mind telling ye that I'se willin' .to co' my Madge, but he can't prevent me selling her; Your medicine has saved my life—saved me, indeed can—attractve and comely. In England, I 'fear the result would not he so pleasinr,; and, an ' y that he was qualified for nothing better than t'accoont square. Eh, man, yo've dune yer wark and it's the surest way, the only way, of sealing front what was worse than death—a constitution fight- way the mode is a ridiculous one 'for winter, Revenue work. I well! Ye'll be thinlsin' rise a meddlesome body, his lips." , ing, year after year, against a hideous, deforming dis- t...hen we all require to be warmly clothed, and "The sting of it," he confided to Madge, bit ah just want to ax ye a question or two, my own living, and ran away with all my savings—a an' That night, when Jack Elliott walked out to t ease—a disease which robbed me of my power to earn the folds of soft woollen dresses are as comfort. when after the lapse of three days he succeeded ye munna git mad till alive dune. Win ye the old trysting-place, the old seaside gate, i able as they are pleasant to look upon. All in stealing an interview with hem "lies in the promise ? " inspired by the hope, rather than by any real eme gild all around me wretched. I 1 disease that mad , • • • will always say that it was Dean's backache kidney pills fashions are good if they are modified, and it is half truth- it contains. lam engaged in chasing "Promise what ? " Jack inquired in some be- expectation, of seeing his sweetheart there 0 ;red roe, and which I have to thank solely took for that cored • to be hoped that the common sense cf English- smugglers, and because of that your father thinks wilderment. Madge ran forward to meet him, and as he tows , for my being alive and able to earn my own living women will prevent all exaggeration. - I'm fitted for nothing higher; whilst, as a matter "That whativver ah say ye'll keep yo're her in his arms she exclaimed: I to-day. All who know what I have been through, and TO-DAY'S RECIPE, of fact, I've been specially detached to attempt temper and tell me what alt want to know. ! "Oh! Jack, what do you think ? I've got such ' how near to death I lingered, are amazed to see me PEEDIIEACX EN CAssmioLE.—Truss one or two something that's baffled the be t men in the Remember !'so a dyin' man, an'—m'appen it's glorious news. Father says I've to tell you that ' about again looking as tender young partridges as for roasting, and fry revenue service. Why, little woman, if I can fur yo're own good." he didn't really mean what he said the other i FIT AND STRONG AS EVER, them lightly in butter in an earthenware stow- only overhaul this Tom Galbraith of yours there's Tv this Jack readily yielded assent, and there- day, and he hasn't any objection to our being pan till they are a light golden-brown colour all certain promotion, and it comes pretty rough en upon the smuggler submitted him to a rigid cross- engaged. Now, what do you think of that ?" and years younger than I did during that awful illness. over. In the meanwhile cut four .ounces of lean hlie's entrusted with • 1 •• examination regarding his love for Madge and . ap when wi specie sermee What Jack thought he signified in the usual The hospital nurse could hardly believe her eyes when, bacon or ham into dice, blanch them in boilin a clover's she saw me; she had heard that I died shortly after water, and alien the birds are ready place th'4o to have it logged against him as a black mark!" Richard Mortimer's reception of his suit; and way—the way. e "And another thing, the girl went on, "he's leaving the hopital. bits of bacon round them in the earthenware "Well, never mind, dear," Madge responded, Jack, remembering his promise, and impressed . to look after Mar, Galbraith g , , and all I " Devonport townspeople often ask me to account ran, add some mushrooms and small round "father doesn't understand it, you know; but / by the mystery of the whole proceedings, stifled going those other poor folks—you know who I mean— d I h • •••1 h ht 't 1 for my cure, an never hesitate to tell temt a . i onions, close the pan hermetically with a close- do, and doesn't that satisfy you ?" his scruples and laid bare his heart. Doan's backache kidney pills. I have is due entirely to , . . . fitting lid, and finish cool-im, , , the birds in a "And there's another thing," Madge continued is or Some minutes Galbraith, his questions and see that none of them want for anything. I 11 lean bv recommending the medicine to others.. moderate oven for about half an hour. The , ended, lay with closed eyes and deeply-laboured Isn't it good of him ? Poor father, people think I done a ,„ . . They after jack had signified his appreciation of her ' Il' • Ishill to show my gratitude, but as long as Ise shoi.ild he reolzed lintil the resat wilt . Ban -and-bye, when he looked again breathing, dby him hard and unfeeling, but that's only because never be able to show it sufficiently.—(, „ SP,ned) F. readily from the bones, and will not hurt if ethney confidence in the only fashion the occasion at Elliott, there was that in his face which they don't lumw hint—nobody knows hint but i W. STEWART." are kept hot for some time after they are done, allowed. "1 know you hesitate about asking me, y _ me. they, as the steam that comes front them while they me all amounted to positive agony. and that is why I ant going to tell you. I , . . are cooking will prevent the flesh from getting that father bias left now, and I cannot openly .L' a " And Jack bent his head ' ' 1 " ieuten nt Elliott, he said, "I'se gene to and hissed her agent. • dry if the lid of the stay/pan fits properly. flout him, but he can't prevent me loving you, o • a that Which ah nivver thowt ali'd oppen me [THE END.]

F. TV. STEWART. (from a photo.)

Another alarming symptom now appeared: I could not pass secretions more than once a day, and my right arm began to swell with water. The s Aellings spread to my legs, and all over my body, and from my normal weight of lOst. 101 b. I went to 125t.51b. 10oz. My toes could hardly be distinguished, so distorted were my feet with the swellings. On waking in the mornings the side on which I had lain overnight would be all

PUFFED UP TERRIBLY, and the eye would be quite obscured by the swelling. " The pains in my back were well-nigh unbearable. I was bent up nearly double, and if 'attempted to move I came over in a violent tremble. "In July, 19013, a Town Councellor " (whom Mr. Stewart named) " obtained another hospital ticket for me, and again I returned to the hospital. When I implored them to tap the water away they said it would be fatal to do so, but they blistered me, which brought up little bladders of water on the hips and ankles and knees. " When I asked the physicians and nurses what was the matter with me they shook their heads and would not tell me, and at length I was advised to write to any friends I wished to see. I knew what this meant, and I Igrew hopeless, dejected, and irritable. It seemed like just

22- N

c_

-N z--- 7,,,,N., ,__L,_„,* ---- ,s,,

, ,04.7,,, p ?Avo 4-2-- ',;_....„/ --'------- P' _ /.....; ' :- f- . V I' ':"1 ea . A /I • //,‘ -,'"---;, -- , z';%i 'Mi./ All? 7 /I,l' /

===== 0002601_19081017_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WAITING FOR THE END.

"A second time I was taken to P-- Convales- cent Home, but growing no better, I pleaded to be allowed to return to my own home. The physician remarked to the nurse that I might just as well end my days at home as there, so I was wrapped in blankets and taken back in a conveyance. " During my long suffering I had been trying various kinds of advertised medicines, and now—at what seemed to be the end—l hoped against hope, and asked my wife to get some of Dose's backache kidney pills for me to try. The chemist did his best to persuade her to have his own backache ' pills instead of Doan's ; they were cheaper and just as good, he said. But my wife replied that she knew I would use nothing but Doan's, and she got Doan's. " The first box did me no good that I Could tell or, hot I did not expect miracles, £11:1C1 was not discouraged. I kept on with the pills, and when I was half-way through the second box I began to pass water in amazing quantities. I must have passed gallons a day. There was a never-ending desire to urinate. The relief this gave me was wonderful. I used to measure my swollen limbs every day with a little tape measure, and day by day I could see a distinct REDUCTION OF THE DROPSICAL SWELLINGS.

" After the fourth box a singular thing happened ; something seemed to be moving in the loins, and one morning a

===== 0002601_19081017_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Scottish National Emblem.—We all know that the thistle is the national emblem of Scotland, but how it came to be so is a matter as to which accounts vary Miss Simpson, in her entertaining book " Folk Lore in Lowland ' Scotland," published by Messrs. Dent gives what is at least a very plausible version of its origin. This is to the effect that the invading Danes had stolen I a march on the sleeping Scots, but the thistle formed a sort of barbed wire entanglement round the Scottish camp, and the sharp pricks compelled the bare-legged Danes to give tongue. The Scots heard their smothered cruses, awoke and armed. That accord- inr, to Miss Simpson, is how the thistle came to be adopted as Scotland's insignia, with its defiant motto, "Ye daurna meddle wi' me "—or as it is given in Latin on the Order of the Thistle " Memo me impune lacess it." No one annoys me with impunity. Buckingham Palace.—lt often happens that the plain looking building is the more comfortable inside, but this is not the case with Buckingham Palace, which has the reputation of being the ugliest Royal residence in Europe. William IV. refused to live there, and our late Queen had such a dislike to the place that she never spent more than two or three weeks under its roof in the year. during the latter half of her reign. It is suggested that the Palace should be rebuilt, as in a measure it spoils the background to the Queen Victoria Memorial. Originally Goring House, and acquired by the Duke of i Buckingham, n 1698, it hBs been rebuilt and nmovated on several occasions. An immense sum was spent on the Palace shortly after Queen Victoria's Coronation, end what it has cost altogether would have sM:iced to build another Versailles, if the money had been applied to such a purpose. Europe's New King.—lf Prince Ferdinand's assump- tion of the title of King of Bulgaria, be confirmed, it simplify the fitting and hang of the garment. will raise the number of kings in Europe to twenty. Over each shoulder comes a wide band of the Four of these reigning monarchs, including King cloth, which is piped at the edge with satin, Edward, belong to the Saxe-Coburg-Gotha family, and and continued right to the .bottom of the frock. his Majesty is distantly related to Prince Ferdinand, Beyond these bands on either side comes a sort who is a son of the late Prince Augustus of Saxe of flat collar of the cloth, piryd at the edge, and Coburg and was born in 1861. Our King has ninety- fastened down with a big satin button. The two near relatives, but if distant cousins and connec- front of the dress is filled in by a plain panel of tions by marriage are included his Majesty could count the cloth, which finishes in a little curved satin up nearly 300 selations. Prince Ferdinand, who recently band just above the bust. The space above this paid a visit to this country has been twice married, panel is filled in by a jabot of fine net, caught and only wedded his second wife a few months a.'o, down by a black satin bow pulled through a dull Women's Wits.—Judges are keen students of human gold buckle at the throat. The sleeves are plain nature, and Judge Willis recently paid a tribute to narrow affairs set into the shoulder with pipings woman's mental capacity by observing in Court that of the satin From beneath come long tucked they make better witnesses than men, and are always undersleeves of the net. The skirt is perfectly more intelligent, more truthful and clearer, it is not plain. save for the hands which run from every man who would admit as much. It is commonly shoulder to hem on either side of both back and supposed that the narrow and closer life of the woman front and is slightly trained at the back. has led to restricted mental developetnent, but Judge THE GIRL CHEMIST'S TRIUMPH. Willis is evidently not of this opinion. Woman's brain weighs on the average some five or six ounces less than One need not be a Suffragist to rejoice in the mans, but it has long been acknowledged that the victory won by Miss Gertrude Holland Wren. smaller brain is no measure of intellectual capacity at Temarks the Skrtch. This plucky young London all. What women possess in a less degree than men, is girl has carried off the great prize offered by the that portion of the brain which controls the muscular Pharmaceutical Society. The" Pereira Medal and the animal nature of human beings, and if we may ; was first struck close on fifty years ago but this take Judge Willis as an authority, women as a rule are • . is the first time a ladv has won it, and it is plea- more mentally alert, and of quicker perceptioa than sant to put on record' the enthusiasm with which men. . ' the men students greeted the news of the award.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081017_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I 1

===== 0002601_19081017_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
nd a,--kv

!Ivor

FOOTBALL FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

(NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE.)

Th.e following are the fixtures arranged for the -oaung season.

WARRINGTON.

Date. Opponents Ground. Sep. 5 Leigh away 12 Widnes home 19 Swinton 26 Rochdale Oct. 3 Salford 10 Merthcr away 12 Ebbw *Vale 17 Wigan 24 Broughton Si Merthyr Nov, 7 St. Helens L.C. 14 Australia ....... .. 21 Oldham 28 Runcorn Dec. 5 St. Helens ... home 12 Wigan - 19 Broughton 25 Leigh home 26 Widnes Jan. 1 Runcorn 2 9 Hull 16 Wakefield home 23 St. Helens 30 Wakefield away 20 Oldham away 23 Halifax away 27 N.C. Cup Mar. 6 Rochdale away 13 Hull 20 Barrow away 27 Swinton API. 3 Barrow home 9 Halifax 10 Salford home

For Against 5 G 5 8 3 5 16 6 7 14 28 12 10 10

RUNCORN. Sept. 5 Salford 12 St. Helens 19 Leigh away 9.13 Widnes home Oct. 3 Swinton 10 Treherbert 17 Rochdale home

... .- 21 Australia home 24 Wigan 31 NOV. 7 Brougllton t.c. home 14 Swinton 21 Broughton 28 Warrington home Dec. 5 Darrow away 12 Salford home 19 Widnes away

23 St.Lielens awai, 2G -attn. 1 Warrington 9 Oldham 1G Batley 23 Treherbert 30 Rochdale -Feb. G Batley 20 Wigan 27 N. 17. Cup 'Mar. 6 Barrow home

27 Leigh home Apr. 3 Oldham away 9 10 Broughton

WIDNES. For Against •Sept. 5 Barrow home 3 G 12 Warrington 19 Oldham home 0 7 26 Runcorn Oct. 3 Broughton 10 Salford away 7 13 home 2 15 17 St. Helens 24 Barry home '6l Leigh away Nov. 7 Wigan L.C. 14 Barrow

21 St. Helens Dec. 2S 5 Wigan 12 Dewsbury away 19 Runcorn 435 26 Warrington Jan. 1 2 Rochdale 9 Swinton 13 Australia 10 Dewsbury home 23 Leigh home 30 Salford Feb. 6 Oldham away 13 Batley '2O Barry away 27 N. U. Cup Mar. 6 Wigan 13 Swinton Abhome 20 Broughton "r away 2, Batley Apr. -3' Rochdale home

,comach has driven the mischief deeply into the weakened lungs inchial tubes. Treat your lung troubles with the only remedy reaches the lungs direct—Peps, the gri at breathing cure. box of Peps now may mean all the difference between getting " nleasantly, and perman- ic

est-weaknes

ST. HELENS. For Against Sept. 5 Oldham home 0 38 12 Runcorn 19 Aberdare home 46 13 26 Bradford , away 12 31 Oct. 3 Barrow home 26 5 10 Broughton 17 Widnes home 24 Swinton 31 Salford home Nov. 7 Warrington L.C home 14 Leigh 21 Widnes away 28 Bradford Dec. 5 Warrington away 12 Rochdale home 19 Salford away 25 Runcorn 26 Wigan Jan. 1 9 Broughton 16 Rochdale 23 Warrington home 30 Barrow away Feb. 6 Swinton 13 Leigh away 17 Australia 20 27 N.U. Cup Mar. 6 Oldham away 13 Aberdare , 9 Wigan

IF YOU HAVE RHEUMATISM, KIDNEY OR BLADDER TROUBLE, YOU WILL WANT THIS.

Save it.

Have you rheumatism, kidney, or bladder trouble Inow ? Do you ever have them? If not, you or some of your friends may. Better save this prescription, as the well-known authority from which it comes is , sufficient guarantee of its value: Tincture Gentian Compound, once ounce; Syrup I Rhubarb, one ounce; Liquid Barkola Compound, one ounce; Syrup of Ginger, five ounces. I Take one teaspoonful after each meal, and one before going to bed. This prescription is an almost certain cure for any form of rheumatism, kidney or bladder trouble, and in connection with it, the drinking of large quantities of pure cold water is very strongly recommended. Any chemist will supply the mixture at a nominal cost, or you can get the ingredients and mix them at home.

- ---.."....\\\ •,.... •N r' 6-7' f , ic . ....J., Y / , 1 . . ......4 '44: 1 5*„....: __.•,v0"..,,.44-, : ',Vs,' Nta ,57,,,,, 4,.., , --40,.....-- ..2.r.es -,,,,,:,- . ,I ~., .t.....,1„... . 1 _ A • , •-• ..;; ' sj ?, --` •, ' -` will a ?,--,....„- -- k 01 ' • ::,,,--X: M OS' comes with th, )17 comfort and , ,5,4 ,f•• Arr...-' ,-/f Peps a met: /coughs promptly ' orate the breathing o r, ,/; f go e vreenpdisnatrthe elidt. et ipet hs ii,o,f . / , , btea bc a, ertis. i eddi sisno it,h _ / ,i, / and narcotics, that ca._ , i i fit from them, and so pote ( ',l , I bibefore ro:roretwol uit le ibi:el et the eehriaeivine?eb et oe n 1 I \ and bror \ ‘ \ that • l' \ v inter ot .. \ \,\ -. 7 :.., ‘ , ently, a, :s. /.../ \ * ~.. 1/11 or 219 a bar. S e the ou-tra•dre, name PEPS on crery bar, awl reave useleqv 'Pada+ .s. _ ~,,,,_ , ~,... __ .., ~ ~...,. - '^• , . ~,,1,-;," _.,,,-7*,.., ''' - %-/;:-..--: - - \ \ .... % Ag" ---4, `..--..„, -----.. .k..": 11 -' ::'"-'5%-j' ' ....-"'- . •:.;#:,' -,K4- • E'=', - • .-., -- /4 .--....--% \- , ~..„ _ ....., k A\ ' ••• . ---.. ------------ ___ \\ \ \ \ __-z,---- -

===== 0002601_19081017_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A BATCH OF POLICE ASSAULTS.

At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Joseph Williams, of Bowes-street, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street and also with assaulting P.C. Owen Jones on Saturday night.—P.C. Edwards stated that he saw the prisoner in Buttermarket-street and he was creating a disturbance. He asked him to go away but he refused, and continued the disturbance, so that witness was compelled to take him into custody. He then became very violent end threw himself upon the ground. P.C. Owen Jones ' came to witness's assistance and received a couple of kicks under the chin. While prisoner was being placed in the calls by P.C. Leonard he bit the officer on the finger, causing it to swell.—He was sent to gaol for six weeks with hard labour. John Robinson, of Portland-street, was charged with , assaulting P.C. Owen Jones while he was taking the last ' prisoner to the Police Station. The evidence showed that prisoner rushed at P.C. Jones and struck him in the face, and then ran away. Ile was afterwards appre- hended. He was fined 205. and costs or one months' imprisonment. At the Occeaional Court, on Monday, three Irishmen, named John Moore, Michael Moore, and Thomas Burrows, were charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly at Great Sankey on Sunday night, and also with assaulting P.C. Corlett.—The evidence showed that when Corlett was taking John Moore to the lock-up for being drunk, he was set upon by the other prisoners, who kick( i him about the body.—They were fined 20s. each or one month's imprisonment. At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday, John Hickmr Dakin's-yard, was charged with assaulting Police Constable Rylatt in Tanner's-lane the previous night. The officer was engaged in taking a woman into custody when the prisoner rushed at him and struck him a violent blow in the face. He afterwards ran away, but was arrested at his home later in the evening. —The Chief Constable remarked that this was the fifth assault on the police within eight days. The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for six weeks with hard labour.

MR. SEDDON, M.P., AND SIR C. FURNESS. At a meeting of the Wigan Independent Labour Party on Sunday evening, Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., said that from what he had read of Sir Christopher Furness's offer to permit workmen to become shareholders with the great northern shipbuilding firm it struck him as being on a par with the nursery rhyme, "Will you come into my parlour, said the spider to the fly."

A public meeting convened by the Mayor was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, to consider the formation of a Civic League of Help for Warrington. The central idea aimed at is the awakening of a civic and communal conscience with respect to the existence of preventable poverty and misery, and the establishment of a system of corarnuntl action for the purpose of removing or alleviating the same. If a League is formed for Warrington, it will seek to co-operate with all existing charitable agencies in the town. On ar count of the existence of so many of these already, and the difficulty of administering a Central Relief Fund wiihout falling into the very risk of overlapping and waste it is sought to avoid, it is not proposed that the League shall be a Relief Society. It will seek, rather, to secure the hearty co-operation of all existing agencies of the kind in the town ; it will issue to its district heads and helpers a directory containing the names, addresses, and objects of all such agencies ; it will remit cases requiring material or medical assistance to the agencies best fitted to deal with them ; it will seek to prevent the great evil of overlapping by developing the idea of a Central Clearing-house for the operations of all such agencies. The hope is entertained that cases of a special character not provided for by any existing agency, may be placed under the care of such private persons as may be found willing and able to undertake them. The Mavort presided over the meeting and there was a large and representative attendance, including several of the clergy of the town. Mr. A. W. PERLUS, who has taken the leading part in bringing the movement to the fore in Warrington, read numerotss letters of apology for non-attendance. Mr.C. E. Parker wrote :—" Dear Mr. Mayor,—l am in receipt of your circular in connection with the Civic League of help. The ideas are excellent, and a society working on the lines indicated has great possibilities of usefulness. My only fear in Warrington is whether there are a sufficient number in the borough who, as you so well put it,are willing that all class distinctions should be forgotten, every party label laid aside, all differences of creed or polity lost sight of. If there are a sufficient number who will rise to this ideal, then the League of Help may become an instrument of very great good. If, however, after thoroughly testing the question by your meeting, or otherwise, you And that that the league does not enlist a sufficient number of representatives of all classes of thought and creed it would, in my opinion' be a mistake to go on with it. If the league only enlists the sympathies and help of one section, end is not thoroughly representative, it will , simply divert useful energies from other spheres of activity and not accomplish its end, in which case it would, in my humble opinion,be wise for the promoters to abandon the scheme." . .

The Rev. W. Bracecamp in the course of his letter wrote:—" There is a feeling abroad that the league would interfere with other charities' which are doing such an excellent work. Instead of this being the case I feel sure it would be a real help to them, because each case would be investigated, and then if found deserving it would be recommended to any existing charity. If nothing could be done then this league would try and do something. There is too much indiscriminate giving which does far more harm than good. This league would prevent this if every person would take it up and give it his hearty support. I wish the meeting every success." The Rev. J. F'. Matthews wrote :—" Dear Mr. Mayor, —I desire to express in the warmest terms my sympathy with the objects of the Guild of Help. Although not able to be present at the meeting which you have called for this evening, I hope to do all I can to further its interests, if the result of your gathering takes practical shape. I was fortunate in being present at the inaugura- tion of the one formed in Manchester about two years ago, and of all the institutions formed within recent years for the co-ordination and unification of all kinds of philanthropy, the Cuild of League of Help seems to me by far the best If for once citizens can put aside their various isms ' and other prejudices,' and unite for the sake of men' in a crusade of active love, the man in the street will soon come to believe in the reality of our religious professions." Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins wrote:—" lam inclined to think that there is considerable force in the remarks which I have seen in the public Press during the past few days, commenting upon this :tatter, to the effect that if the various institutions for good work were supported as fully as they might be by our citizens there would be little or no necessity for a league of this kind, for the purpose of awakening the civic and communal conscience' to the existence of preventable poverty in our midst and for removing or alleviating the same. May I con- cisely draw your attention to what has been done by the Committee of the Warrington Children'sl Summer camp during the past few years : —lnaugurated, 1903 ; permanent barnp established at Prestatyn, 1906 ; number of children sent in six years, 2,300 ; number of children sent during 190 S, 400. Adults and their families are accommodated during the time the children are not in camp. About 200 persons from Warrington have been in camp during the past season. There is every indication of further and healthy develop- ment in this direction. If an institution of this kind is supported to the extent it might be, without making any great call upon the resourees of society,a very great deal more good work might be done in the direction indicated in the circular letter convening the meeting. The original idea, coupled with the formation of the children's camp, i.e., the establishment of a permanent convalescent home for the benefit of the poorer citizens of Warrington, might be developed and established at comparatively little cost, Letters had also been received from the Revs. Canon Stevenson and John Yonge Mrs. Garnett, Mr. A. H. Crosield, M.P., and Mr. Ve. Peter Rylands. The Mayon said Mr. Parker's letter was a very wise and ;judicious one, for unless they could enlist the sympathy of the whole of the town the League could not be worked. They must unite all sections, and all religions feeling must be put on one side. There must be no class legislation, but a spontaneous feeling of love and fellowship towards their neighbours. Mr. R. C. PHILLIrs, of Manchester, then spoke of the objects of the League of Help. He pointed out that the Leagues already established in England differed from the Elberfeld :system of relief in that they did not receive and distribute funds on their own account. They were advisory bodies. The towns were divided into districts and each was managed by a small com- mittee of helpers under a head. Cases were investigated and certain steps recommended, but the League did not interfere with the work of the existing charitable institutions. These Leagues of Help originated only a few years ago in England. The first one was at Brad- ford,and shortly afterwards Halifax followed, and many others succeeded until there were now between 30 and 10 in existence. The function of the League was primarily to assist those out of work,or who were sick, or who had met with sonic unforeseen disaster, and, if possible, they saved the home from being broken upend the people from being sent to the workhouse. If they found it was best to apply to the Guardians, they advised that being done. The speaker showed how charitable organizations could be imposed upon under the exist- ing system where there was no central advisory authority. Overlapping of charity was a thing which should be discouraged, as it was a most serious affair in some districts: it ought to be strenuously guarded against. In Manchester one-third or one-haif of the city was laid out for the work of the league. Cards were displayed in the uindows containing the names of the persons interested in the league in the different districts, and if a policeman or anyone else heard of a case of distreks he communicated with one or other of the committee and steps were taken to relieve distress. The work in Manchester was a success, and during the past eleven months, although the league was not very well-known, no fewer than 1,233 cases had been dealt with. There were 500 helpers at work in different parts of the city. He would be glad indeed if Warrington found it could advantageously follow the lead of so many other towns in England in this matter. (Applause.) The Rev. J. RENSTEAW BATLEY, of Eccles, also delivered an interesting address. He said chronic: poverty was a blot on our national flag which it uas our bounden duty to try and remove. No foreign nation could bairn us as we could harm ourselvasand no foreign people could insult vs as we could permit ourselves to be insulted by the condition of things that existed in a chronic manner in our own beloved and wealthy England. Replying to those who said that nothing could be done 51 the matter and that tho problem of poverty must ale rya remain unsolved, the speaker said the city of Elberfeld by is system which was on somewhat similar lines to that proposed by the League had solved the problem of chronic poverty. Of all the curses 1 under which the modern world rested, especially the large towns, he thought private charity was one of the most grievous. People gave simply to relieve their conscience and not because they had carefully satisfied themselves as to the deserving nature of the case to be assisted. If only all the money that was given away indiscriminately, and did untold mischief and perpetuated the evil they were trying to eradicate, were clubbed together and put in the hands of such a guild as they were thinking of forming in Warrington, it would more than do all that was required to be done in any given area, and leave a surplus for working expenses. (Applause.) He wanted to dissociate the whole thing from the Church although he admitted that the Church must find the inspiration for the movement and largely work hnd help. Let the churches realise that it was not for them to keep their doors open and their peas filled by doles of blankets and other good things, but that it was their's to help along with their neighbours and friends of all denominations and of none, to solve this great problem. The speaker scathingly criticised the Poor Law system and said he looked for great things from the Cornmiesion on the Poor Law and from the fact that some of our present rulers end governors had been over in Germany and hed studed Poor Law administration there. In many matters of social reform we in England were a long way behind our neighbours on the Continent. The Poor Law did nothing to prevent a man frcni going down the hill. It only got at him when he was at the very bottom. The league was not, as had been stated by serce, " a glorified charity organization." There was no continuity of policy in a charity oorganiza-

(Applause). The Rev. E. C E. CATILET3N said the work done by the churches and chapels in relieving poverty was in his opinion very properly restricted to their own mem- bers who had fallen into nee' or come under some calamity,and the roller thus distributed found Its way to cases that would never be likely to COMB under the notice of a central body like the League of Help. There was much less overlapping in the matter than might generally be supposed because each clergyman or minister as a rule looked after his own flock and a parti- cular district. There were those for whom the churches were not responsible—the casuals who came into the town for a short time and never came into touch with a religions body and the thriftless individuals whose need had perhaps been brought on by themselves. If there was an organization to deal specially with those cases and to be consulted in matters of don')t he believed it would be welcomed by the clergy and ministers and charitable workers. Miss BnoannENT contended that it was a great mistake for the churches and chapels to be looked upon largely as relief agencies. That ought not to be their work. Many people went to churches and Sunday schools for what they could get out of them. If the clergy and ministers kept to their own spiritual duties there would not he half the pauperism that now existed amongst them. Speaking as a member of the Board of Guardians, she could assure the audience that they were very chary about helping anyone who had been recom- mended by the clergy—(laughter)'— who were very much led away by the kindness of their hearts. Mr. W. NIGNTING.LLE in supporting the proposal to form a League said he knew the ministers of the town were often completely taken in. (Laughter.) Alderman BENNETT said he hoped some organization like the League would be established. He always felt that it was an absolute reproach and disgrace to our civilization that such an appalling amount of suffering and poverty should exist amongst us. The league would, he was sure, do something to ameliorate the present conditions if it got the necessary help but his one doubt was whether, in these days of football and pleasure, there would be the necessary number of people ready to devote themselves to the service of their The Rev. J. IZENSILIW B win- in reply said the League did not want to interfere with the sacred relations between a church and its own members. Their desire was to stop indiscriminate charity. The Rev. C. lIARVEV COOK, in proposing a vote of thanks to the speakers, said the idea of the League was exactly what the title suggested. It, was a civic help. That was, " I am my brother's keeper, but my brother is my keeper. He is one of the members of the borough ; so am I." They could not understand that men and women could live amongst their fellow beings without feeling that they had a social responsibility. They asked for service, for counsel, sympathy and help in many ways, other than mere monetary help. They wanted money, of course,if the scheme were carried for- ward, but more than that they wanted self-sacrilice for the good of the citizen. (Applause.) Mr. J. S. Ilmr, seconded, and said there should be no difficulty in forming a guild in ‘Varrington. The resolution was heartily carried, and after some discussion the following Provisional Committee was appointed to report on the scheme at a future meeting to be called, viz., the Rev. C. Harvey Cook, the Rev. W. 13racecamp, Miss Broadbent ; Messrs. A.AVV. Perris, J. S. Hill, W. Mason and E. Osborne.

•• .. :•,..:‹4','.t.-.A.--', •• • -.•-• ~..' -- - •'.=°-, ~ —.•_• .-1 . . , ... , .- ..,' _. .. ' -,.',,,,,-; ' ~--V.i.. ,:'...",,,,, '. •"',,'",., '--, . , .;,.a.4-, "'.,.•?A-.,.--- 71 ' ..! ~,_:. Mø .1,5,01, ~.,,..4. 1 .)14. „03/4.,,,r.. '`,..,j,;,&.0,-.,.*. , .... . , , 44, . . . •. ,' ,' • ' • • * •-tke • It.. -.- u..4,.......-:,.%?...,..),,*•,-,„..,-. ,•. ~ . - '...i.: -1,1? 7% * , . - '• -4W '''':l—i, . , !:' ''.-" • ' '...27' .... ~,,,,7' ~,,t • 7 '.: c L.,. , ..._l,,ii., - 7t .„ - •- ••,. '.ii P ~..A.:V . , . ...,., . - , ..... 1 ' • . '- ' ''' '' .-. '.'-' ~:P.--, .. . • . ....,,,,..4 . .. ~-......4V,....i,,, .I-: o*, ..*:, ... - . .

Helps you to eat and feeds you.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19081017_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

_

===== 0002601_19081017_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Promptly Stopped, Alert Winter Suffering.

'T folks are troubled in Autumn with a nasty tickling throat cough. It le broken weather and causes much dis- . anxiety, especially amongst those who have to fear that it will develop into the chronic cough which caused them so much suffering !ason.

winter, is news of the first importance to all. ver-jacketted tablets, which contain invigorating,

efore, the fact that science has at last revealed in hod of treatment which will not only cure such and pleasantly, but will so strengthen and invig- ,rgans as to absolutely prevent further attacks,

===== 0002601_19081017_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
enauicent, and tonic lung medicines, in such volatile :hey may be breathed dtrect into the throat and lungs as the Ive on the tongue. The tablets are so handy that they may '-‘e vest pocket, so pure and free from objectionable sedatives that children, old folks, and invalids get nothing but belle- . nit for good that desperate cases of deep-seated cured by their use. . _ _ .

, get rid of that cough once and for all with Peps, y palliative policy of taking drug-laden cough mixtures

===== 0002601_19081017_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
For Agains t 13 7 21 5 6 5 33 7 3 12 15 2

===== 0002601_19081017_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 17, 1908.

CIVIC LEACUE OF HELP.

SUGGESTED NEW DEANIZATION

FOR WARRINGTON.

tion society, and that was what he objected to. It never laid hold of the popular imagination, and people generally regarded it as the very pretty fad of a hand- ful of people who had not got much to do. That was unfair, he Icnew. Oa the other hand the Civic League of Help appealed to everyone. It was not a private fad, as it was inaugurated and foulded in the Council Chamber, with the Atyor in the claair. Tne problem of poverty in any community was not the problem of individuals or of the churches, or of a small society. It was the problem of the community. (Haar, heir, and applause.) An eicient system nalant an economical system, and a great deal was wasted by want of organiza- tion. He wanted to sea begging from door to door done away with, as it had bna at Elberfeld. (Applause.) He hoped the work would be successful in Warrington, as it had been in Eccles, and that it would reduce the poor rate, drive away begging from door to door, and prevent malingering. Let them cultivate the civic spirit and take for their motto the noble words of Dr. Paton, of Nottingham, " To love is to serve, And to serve is to save."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHION AND FAT.

When fashion demands slender gracefulness of women who have to break corset laces to make them- selves even presentable, isn't it fortunate that science steps in and makes their task easy? For dieting and exercising science has substituted a pleasant, wholesome mixture that can be obtained from any chemist, viz : One half-ounce of garmola, one ounce of fluid extract of Glycyrrhiza 8.F., one ounce of pure Glycerine 8.P., and Peppermint Water to make six ounces in all. One dessertspoonful of this mixture after meals and at bedtime will take off four to seven pounds of fat a week without causing wrinkles, and without interfer- ing with the diet or distressing the stomach in the slightest degree.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PRESZSTITION.—Mr. J. Hallows, the teacher of St. Thomas's men's class (section B), was on Sunday the I 'recipient of a gift from the members, in the shape of a silver-mounted writing case. Mr. Rushton, on behalf of himself and the other members of the class, asked Mr. Hallows to accept the case as a token of their regard and appreciation of his work in comic lition with the class. Mr Hallows in reply, said the presentation lidi come to him as a pleasant surprise as he had not the least intimation of it. He should ever prize the case as a gift from his young men, but he valued the spirit that prompted it ten times more. It told him as plain as words could tell him that he bad won the sympathy of the ears. No one knew better than them- selves the uphill work he had had slue he took the class over, but of late he had been cheered time after time by their kind consideration and assistance, and he took that beautiful gift as a pledge that henceforth Ps teacher and members, they were going to stand shoulder to shoulder for the help of each other and by all means possible to carry forward the work of Christ and His Church in the parish. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19081017_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
CURRANTS AND BANANA COOKING COMPETITIONS.

, An interesting series of home-cooking competitions open to the United Kingdom, and with prizes of the value of £1,500, has been arranged. Professional bakers and chefs are barred, and each county will constitute a competition district, the value of prizes in each being varied according to the number of entries. What competitors have to do is to prepare and cook some tasty pastries, puddings, cakes, buns, scones, preserves, or any other dainties which contain a good proportion of currants or bananas, or currants and bananas com- bined. No entrance fee is charged, as the objects of the competition are to promote the daily use of these wholesome and nutritious fruits and to encourage home cooking. On completion of the judging, all the articles sent in for competition will be distributed free among institutions providing for the poor. Full particulars as to the conditions of the competition, which closes at the end of the present month, can be obtained by writing to "Currants," 231, Strand, London' who will not only forward entry forms, but a useful booklet of recipes of tasty dishes which can be made by the use of currants and bananas. Readers who are communicat- ng in this way are requested to mention the Warrington Examiner."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE YOU THIN? Increase your Weight 1113. per week AND (JAIN STRENGTH AND

NERVE FORCE.

Dr. Cassell's Tablets will, if you are thin, increase your weight 11b. per week, revitalize the nerves, and invigerate and strengthou the whole body. They can be taken by stout people also without fear of increase of adipose tissue, owing to their extraordirary power of absorbing superfluous fat and converting it into blood, bone, muscle, and healthy flesh. Mr. W. C. Shadwell, 17, Woodrow Torracr, Forest Roar', Melksharo, Wilts., writes :—"I was exceptionally thin, owing to weakness of the digestive systsm and I suffered from weak stomach and constipation. My weight before commencing Dr. Cassell's Tablets was just over 9 stone ; in three weeks I had increased 4 lbs, and could enjoy my food better than for years. I con- tinued for fi-Ar months, and now a complete cure has been effected. I now weigh 10 stone, 2 lbs, and do riot feel the slightest trace of indigestion." Dr. Cassell's Tablets only cost 101 d. ; larger sizes, Is. lid. and 29. 91. of all chemists, and are a certain cure for nerve and physical exhaustion.

PRESENTATION TO MR. AND MRS. CHURCEITLL Mr. Winston Churchill, M.P., President of the Board of Trade, and his wife were on Wednesday evening the recipients of two handsome presents subscribed to by the Libsrals of Manchester. The presentation to Mr. Churchill was made at Belle Vue, in the presence of a crowded gathering, that to Mr. Churchill being a large silver ce.ntre-piece, while Mrs. Churchill received a diamond pendant and bracelet. Mr. Churchill, in acknowledging the gifts, said that the influence of Manchester had been the turning-point in his political life. Alluding to the cotton dispute, he said he had refrained from approaching either party, lacz.arse he believed the good common sense, patriotism, and honour of Lancashire folks would, with patience, bring about a reasonable and honest settlement of this melancholy and disastrous business, lie also hinted that a sliding- scale might do something to make the Brooklands agreement immune from being marred by periodical I rials of this sort.

Mr. F. J. .A.4rtirner has taken a bold sten in arrang- ing, at the littTe galleries of" rue Amateur Photographer, an exhibition of rejected pictures. About 153 prints are hung, and of these probably 110 were rejected at the Salon, while the rest are selected from those refused at the Royal. Of course, there are different opinions about many of the individual pictures even in this " rejected " show, bit I think th it even the most critical will agree that from them 11 to 53 might be selected which would greatly add to the strength and interest of the Photographic Salon, if they ware included with the pictures already hung there. Many would contend that the Salon would not, be weakened even if a few of the pictures on its walls were obliged to be removed in order to make room for a few of those which have been , refused. In the collection of rejecteds, the main room has a limit of not more than thrPs prints by any one worker, and we flnd flue examples by Ward Muir, C. \Ville, Harold Baker, Frederick 11. Evans, Walter J. Clutterbuck, Mr. and Miss Warburg, Basil Schn, Arthur Marshall, John 11. Anderson, Alexander Keighley, F. J. Mortimer, John 11. Whitehead, William A. Stuart, Rudolf Diihrkoop, J. Cruwys Richards, J. Dudley Johnston, Cavendish Horton, Keith Dannatt, Otto Ehrhardt, Anny Heimann, C. 11. Hewitt, Mrs. G. A. Barton, Aubrey Harris, Charles Job, E. T. Holding, Rev. F. C. Lambert, M.A., James A. Sinclair, E. 0. Hoppe, William A. Clarke, Fr. C. F. Grindrod, W. Thomas, Charles H. L. Emanuel, G. E. H. Rawlins, David Blount, Miss Hilda Stevenson, Oscar Hardee and several others. ' It is scarcely necessary to say that such a collection is well worthy of a visit. The names are quite sufficient to assure any one who knows the photographic pictorial world. The exhibition will remain open for a few weeks at 62, Long Acre, W.C., and admission is free. AUTOCEIROME LSCTURES AT THE A great many provincial photographers seem to be unaware that the reduced-price tickets in the Red Book are available for the nights when the lectures on " The Thames from Source to Sea " are being given at the New Gallery. The fact is that when the lied Books were printed the arrangements had not been completed for these lectures ; therefore, their dates could not be mentioned. The tickets are available for any day or evening at the exhibition,and there are lanteth lectures evely night. On Monday, Wednesday and Friday, Mr. :Mclntosh deals with the Thames in antochrome, while Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday are devoted to lectures by various specialists. NATIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC PORTRAIT GALLERY.

Although I have devoted a good deal of space in this column to the R.P.S. Exhibition, I have not nearly exhausted the interesting items. In the Gallery around the Central Hall one wall is devoted to an impressive collection of portraits of eminent British subjects. This collection was suggested by Mr. Frederick flollyer a couple of years ago, and has bean under the considera- tion of the Council of the Royal Photographic Society and of a Portrait Gallery Committee appointed by the Council. The collection consists of pormanent prints of portraits of distinguished persons, which may be accepted at any time, but which will not be added to the Gallery until at least twelve months after the death of the subject. The selection shown at the exhibition consists of 120 pictures, of which roughly equal quanti- ties are, contributed by Mr. Frederick Hollyer, P.S., and Mr. G. C. \Vhitfisld. Three are from negatives by Mrs. Julia Margaret Cameron, and one very fine portrait of the King comes from the Swan Electric Engraving Company. The inclusion of the King's portrait is the only exception to elle rule that the pictures must represent deceased celebrities.

WHY NOT TRY IT? A story is told of a bashful lover who expressed to his sweetheart his wonder whether she would seriously resent it if he should steal a kiss. To this the maiden is said to have replied "Just you try it." and the story goes to the effect that the bashful lover never did, for he was not quite sure as to the maiden's meaning. lam reminded of this failure to experiment by some of the questions that come from my readers. For instance, some time back I gave a formula for bleaching out the image of a silver print, and a little while ago a reader took the trouble to write me a letter, to use a penny stamp for its postage, and to enclose another penny stamp for my reply, for the purpose of telling me that he had made up the solution according to the formula and wanted to know how long he should leave the print in the bleach. He might have saved himself the trouble of writing, and answered his question in about live seconds if had simply put a little piece of print into the solution. One of the greatest hindrances to the pro- gress of many amateurs is thei! apparent inability to suggest the most simple experiment i for themselves. Probably half the questions which are addressed to photographic journalists could be answered by ten cainites devoted to very simple tests which ought to be obvious to every one. LONG EXPOSURES FOR STREET SCENES.

Every suggestion which will tend to keep our cameras in use during the winter instead of being put away ou dusty shelves is worth giving. As the light decreases many people think that street scenes are impossible because an exposure sufficient to give the buildings satisfactorily will be too long for some of the moving figures, with the result that they will be blurred. If the photographer is willing to do without the figures, the possibilities of street photography with long exposures are most surprising. trany of the best street views shown by Captain Gladstone and by Frederick H. Evans in the heyday of their lantern-slide activity were made by giving long exposures with the smallest possible stop, and with the result that the many moving figures left no impression what- ever upon the plate. An example of this kind of thing is to be seen in one of Frederick 11. Evans pictures in the Salon des Refuses, and the same picture is reproduced " Photographs of the Year," 1938. It is a view of the house of Joan of Arc, and was made on market morning. An extremely small stop was used with an exposure of two or three minutes. The result ws.s that although hundreds of people were passing to and fro in the field of the lens, none of them has affected the picture at all. Photographers often forget that a moving object which merely absorbs part of the light has practically no effect on the plate. It is only when a brilliantly lighted object passes across some portion that is otherwise in shadow that the plate is affected. When an exposure of two or three minutes is given, even the slowest sauntering people do not stay long enough in one position to make any impression.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES.

By Vermin.

AN EXHIBITION 01? lIEJECTEDS.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

FRIENDLY MATCHES.

CORPORALS 4TH BATTALION SOUTH LANCS. REGT. V. ROYAL LIVER FRIENDLY SOCIETY.—The winter season was opened at the Drill Hall on Thursday with an exciting match between the above teams. After a very fluctuating game the " terriers" were defeated by eight points. Scores : CORPQR &LS. AGENTS. Corporal T Lowe L.-Corporal C J Sh( lth 75 it Delaney L.-Corporal B Afsguire... 75 P Delaney L-Corporal J Mather ... 71 H Melbourne 75 Corporal H Whitfield ... 75 C Bathew 62 Corporal E Dower 5O W Toml-inson 75 414 422

ST. CLEMENT'S MEN'S CLUB V. RIC ILNIONDS'. Played at St. Clement's on Thursday and resulted in a win for the home team by 72 points. Scores : ST. CLEMENT'S. RICHMOND'S. J Wolfenden lOO J Sutton J Fleming 100 J Carr P Fl Simkin 100 J Shepherd H Broadhurst 67 W Taylor 100 H C Rhoden 9l P Knight lOO P. Elankinson B4 W Warburton lOO J Harrison lOO T Jones 6l A E Burdett BB W. Smalley 100

MANCHESTER POULTRY AND PIGEON SHOW. The tenth annual show of prize poultry, pigeons and appliances is to be held at Belle Yue Gardens, on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thnrsday next, October 200, 121st and 22ad. The show now ranks as second to none in its clasp, and this year nearly 5,00 entries have been received. Many of the leading appliance manufacturers are represented, and the show is of considerable interest to the layman as well as the fancier. It is but once a year that the local public are afforded the opportunity of seeing this magnificent collection. Incubators are shown in the process of hatching chickens, in addition to many other interesting appliances. _

The 33rd annual report was read by the secretary (Mr. Plinston). It stated that the past year had had its bright as well its darker side. Some of the hopes and expectations experienced in their last issue bad not been realized. The apathy of several of the Ciliated branches and their delegates was to some extent respon- sikle for that. He was convinced that so soon as the Trade Union organisations in the town realised the importance of joint action and showed that amount of interest which was necessary to deserve success, then and not till then would their hopes be realised. Their last report showed 23 affiliated branches. Since then two—the engineers' and bakers' societies—had seceded. Four societies however had joined their ranks viz, the caretakers, Prudential agents, Royal Liver agents and Musicians, so that they had 23 unions connected with the council. Further additions were shortly anticipated and steps would be taken, he trusted with the earnest co-operation of every delegate, to induce the outside organisations to join them in their work. It was a pleasing duty to the report that the cash balance had been largely increased and stood higher than for many years. Among the many subjects that had called for attention were mentioned those of national housing municipal coal supply, old age pensions, and postal grievances. The Council in conjunction with the local I.L.P. organised a demonstration upon the important subject of old age pensions which was addressed by Messrs. G. N. Barnes and S. Walsh, M.P.'s. They rejoiced that pensions had been granted by the Government, and accepted such legislation, as the initial stage, believing that the principle was a right one. It was the duty of organised labour to demand a reduction in the age limit,and the removal of some of the obnoxious clauses. The President of the Council Mr. Richardson, together with Mr. Plumb were deputed to attend a conference upon the topic of National Housing, and gave an excellent report thereon, pointing out the necessity for legislation. Their Executive Committee had the matter in band with a view to local action if necessary. It was with sincere regret that they could "not record commercial prosperity. Unfortunately trade was bad—exceptionally so in some parts of the country —and although they were not suffering so severly as many Lancashire towns, they could not be unmindful of the seriousness of the outlook. The great

PROBLEM OF L'NEMPLOYMEN'4 I was still unsolved and was more acute than for several years past, thousands of voices cried out for work, yea pleaded for the right to exist. Misery and starvation was the lot of vast numbers of their brethren. Surely the time bad come when organised labour must demand a remedy. Charity might momentarily relieve the acute suffering but it was not the cure; the right to work must be insisted upon. It was sincerely to be regretted that strikes and lockouts had been so prevalent during the past twelve months. Especially had this been 93 amongst railway, shipbuilding an 4 cotton workers. The Trade Union Congress as the mouthpiece of Trade Unionism had called for conciliation and arbitration, believing that the best interests of all conceraed could be sesved by the adoption of such methods. It was cause for regret that the employers did not unitedly voice the same sentiment. They were promised legislation upon both those important subjects, but alas what a long delay! Mr. Winston Churchill's suegested scheme of a court of arbitration was acceptable as a temporary palliative with respect to trade dispute. In regard to postal grievances, the Executive of the Council were thoroughly investigating the details—i.e. -- terms to local postmen which were now in operation as a result of the " Flobhouse " commision. They ventured to say that the present terms were not only uncalled for, but absolutely unjust; and every effort would be put forth to remedy the same. The value of the labour representation had been strongly illustrated during the year just past and much useful work had heen done in Committee and Town Council by Councillors Fred Stott and J. Ball. With full know- ledge of the condition of the workers they had been able to look after their interests and that had been done earnestly and honestly, but they much required additional support. They were pleased to report that most of the branches had agreed to active work by the Trades Council in that direction and although time was too short for action this year, they contemplated putting in opnration at an early date the powers thus conferred. The secretary as the Councils' representative upon the education authority in submitting his fifth annual report, especially mentioned the important work re the feeding and medical inspection of school children, and as a member of those sub-ccmmittees pledged himself to strive for the proper working of both schemes. They sincerely regretted that during the year they had been deprived of the valuable services of a worthy comrade in the person of Councillor Fred Stott. They missed his advice in the Council's deliberation, but still more the town had lost a valuable councillor. His words of wise counsel at their August meeting would be remembered. As expressed in their testimonial letter to him they wished him many years of health and pros- perity. The Council desired to gain the active sympathy and support of all trade unionists during the coming year. Not only did they do active propaganda work, I - but their duty was to propound a forward policy. Many grievances demanded redress. Their work should not only be demonstrative but constructive. Trades unionism might be slumbering, but it was not dead. its clays of usefulness were not past; there was much work to be done. Their cause was just, their principles right ; let one and all determine to fight for their maintenance. If the workers were to be emancipated they must combine. They must cast aside the old shibboleths, and by concerted political action, remove the shackels that bound them. (Applause). A hearty Tote of thanks was accorded to the Secretary for his report.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGT3N TRADES AND L4331J3 CDUNCIL.

Annual ranting.

The annual mooting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council was , held at the Rolm, Friars' Green, on Taesday evening. Mr. \V. H. Richardson presided over a fair attendahce.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIK ELECTIONS.

Tile Warrington Branch of the Independent Labour Party wrote requesting the Council to endorse the candidatures of Coulonßar James Bill in St. John's Ward and Mr. Jarnes liampson in Orford Ward. Both candidates were members of the Go Workers and General Labourers Union and they were fighting the workers' battle. Their record should coaunand the hearty support of the Council.

. • . Th Councnl passed a resolatioa la support of both candidatures.

Councillor BALL allressed tho meting and promised if re-elected to continue to do his utmost for the work- ing classes and in the interests of the community generally.

OLD-AG 3 PENSIONS COMMITTEE. A letter WAS read from the Town Clerk (Jr. J. Lyon Whittle) informing the Council of the locil Pensions Committee's decision not to appoint any sub- committee.; or to co-opt any members at present.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STATE_OF EMPLOYMENT-.

The SECTtErk RY submitted particulars which he had obtained from a number of trade union branches as to the state of employment. The plasterers and builders reported three of their members out of work at the preseat time; wheelwrights, three; basket and hamper makers, two ; engineers, twenty-six out of work and five on short time ; carpenters, twenty-seven ; mill workers, three. He advised all people who were out of work to register their !runes at the labour bureau.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL REPORT.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The following ofscers were elected :—President, Mr. D. L. Owen (joiners) ' • vice-president, Mr. P. Delaney (Royal Liver agents) ; treasurer, Mr. T. Howliston (cabiret makers) • secretary, Mr. E. Plinston (tramway and vehicle workers) ;'tiliective. Messrs. J. Ellison, P. Delaney, J. Haley, T. Plumb, J. Podmore. The newly arpointed chairman thanked those who supported him, aud wished them all a successful year.

A HOUSEHOLD NECESSITY.

ENTIRE PAMILY DERIVED BENEFICIAZ

RESULTS.

"I am most thankful to say," writes Mrs. T. L. Willicott, of 27, Coedcae Street, Grange, Cardiff, "that after using Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills I have found them to be a most excellent - "- "^ine. This I have proved most conclusively from the fact that both my dansoater and son are taking them with a most beneficial effect. I have recommended them to several of my friends who have tried them, and, like myself, commend them withhigh praise. You may publish this if you think fit." In the best regulated families the little ills of life will creep in. Some member of the family circle may occasionally suffer

" from Biliousness or Indigestion, and one of the other will from time to time exhibit the well-known symptoms of Constipation. Froth these little troubles most serious complaints arise, and should therefore not be neglected. The slight headache, bad breath, and a discoloured tongue are the index to a disordered stomach, and the necessity of keeping a safe, sure, and reliable remedy in the house is apparent. By following such a course the more expensive method of calling in a doctor will be quite unnecessary. Sold by Chemists and Stores, price 1/11- per bottle or The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd.; 21, Parringdon Avenue, London, A.C,

Family Medicine. • f.". • - TriEr Or ' 40441'4'7

Li

.44 1,4 P:Ltl

===== 0002601_19081017_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY'S TEPRRE PAIN AND ITCHINg

Head Encrusted with Humour— Wore a Cap to Stop Scratching— Could not Sleep—Her Sickening Suffering Lasted Ten Months.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
FATHER WRITES OF CURE BY CUTICURA

"My little girl, aged three, had a splendid cure by the use of the Cuticura Remedies. She had a fall from a chair, three nails penetrating her head. She was under medical care but the head became worse until the whole top and back of it were a mass of scab. The poor child could not sleep, and we had to cover her head with a special cap to prevent her scratching it in her pain. I felt sick at the sight of it until I com- menced to use Cuticura Soap and Cuti- cura Ointment after the child had suf- fered about ten months. From the moment that Cuticura was used until the was completely cured her head progressed, and one tablet of Cuticura Soap and one box of Cuticura Ointment cured her. lam extremely sorry that I did not try Cuticura before, as I am certain that the pain in her head caused my child to go cross-eyed. I have great faith in Cuticura Soap and Oint- ment. J. H. Phipps. Coventry Rd., Coles- hill, Warwickshire, Eng., Dec. 15,1907." Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- cura Book on Treatment of Skin Diseases.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WIND RASHES

===== 0002601_19081017_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
And Irritations of the Skin Soothed by Cuticura. Warm baths with Cuticura Soap and gentle applications of Cuticura Oint- ment, the great Skin Cure, instantly relieve /and point to a speedy cure of the rashes, ),itchings, irritations, in- flammations, chafings, lameness and soreness ' incidental to outdoor

.._.-- :

exercise. For preserv-- ing, purifying and beau- tifying the skin, scalp, .dir and hands, for sanative, antiseptic cleansing , as well as for eczemas, humours, pimples, blackheads and other torturing, disfiguring affections of the skin, Cuti- cura Soap and Ointment are priceless.

• Cuticura Remedies are sold throuchoui the world. Principal depots: London. 27, Charterhouse Paris. 5. Rue de la Pais; Australia, R. Towns .k Co., Sydney; So. Africa. Lennon. Ltd., Cape Town. etc.: Japan, Idaruya, Ltd., Tokio: U.S.A.. Potter Lruir & Chem. Corp.. Bole Props., Boston.

cori)

DANYSZ VIRUS kills

1 (.\-----„,,-..-.- AttAk to:14114v 7:1176. W , hair

===== 0002601_19081017_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS AND MICE.

HARMLESS TO OTHER ANIMALS.

A NORTHWICH TESTIMONIAL. From Ma. T. A. COWLEY, Clerk to the Urban District Council.

Council Offices, Northwich, June 13th, 1906. The Danysz Virus you sent has been tried with most excellent results.

~(Sig ?zed) J. ARTHUR COWLEY. 1 tube 2g.; 3 tubes 55.; per dozen ISs. ; post free from DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., Box 292. 52. Leadenhall Street. LONDON. S.C.

And of all Chemists.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD EVERYWHERE, at Wit 2'9, 4,8, and IV - oe LUNG TONIC wo., 1:747 FOR COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, X

Counsel The purchase of the Coffee that. always pleases farnil or Guests ynungton

Coffee E.s*ence - - Richly rragrari - Pare tr I nvi.goraling

===== 0002601_19081017_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
cLnincws B 41 PILLS are warranted to core, in either sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from tte Urinary Organs, Gravel and PRAI2I In the hack. Pree from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors thsought. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. Tba Lin coin and Midland CountlestDrug Company. Litman.— Advt. TO MOTHERS.—Mrs. WlNkrow's Soothing Syrup has been need for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immedletely. It Is pleasant to lute; arui produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the chili from. pain end the little cherub awakes " as bright as; a button, of all Chemists \s. 4d.—Advt4

===== 0002601_19081017_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
•totom.• r "FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE,''Ill

===== 0002601_19081017_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
01,tRITSBLOODNRIURE

===== 0002601_19081017_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19081017_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt araniter fotras CI WERK-END NEWSPAPERS COSIPRISES •THE WARRINGTON k MID-CHESHIRE EXAMIHRE. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, f&c., being one of the Largest and Bast Weekly Papers to Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- rises &large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- hire and 311.1-Cheshire. THB RUNCORN EXAMINIIIR, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town anli District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. rrHE WIDNES &KAMMER pnbllshed every Saturday _L morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and Is a rapidly growing centre of industry. fiIHE .tRLUSTOWN AND NEWTONI nximirrErt. published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-18Rolborne, Haydock, Lawton, Ac. The district thus co-nnshiu;,. he s most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields.

Tit( 11 ST. HRIAMS Ravin:inn, pnlellstaed every -1 Eatarday morning, circulating In St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton. Peasley Gross. ,tc --the centre ot the alas', Chensl23 and Watch Trades of the Kingddsa.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APAATMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MI9CEILEANEOU3 WA+NTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three si I,x Thirteen ffords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. 31. ... Os. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9J. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. ed. 38 ... 11. Od. ... Es. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... Bs. Od. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 5., Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... 11. 6a. ... be. Rd. ... Be. Od. ... 108. Od.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
nonuMft Rotrbant4, dr.

ANT3D, goOd GIDLUMIL SHRVANT.--apply Jlmes TV BRSDE, New Cat, Walsall, near Orrneeirk.

1117 ANTED CoOK-GENEELAL ; four in ; housemaid V kept.—By letter, WILTON, HUytarl, Liverpool.

G 001) SBRVANT3.—aII kinds recpired. No Fees.— FIELD (Agency), 63 Qaeen's rd., Bayswater. London.

WANTED good GENEEkL, 15 to 20; three in f Write Mrs. HARGREAVES, 12, Church et., Adllngton, Laces.

'W ANrED at once good GENRIIAL. Good character reguirci.—Addresr, 15 Gnimartaw ST., Preston. No agents.

'WANTED GHNBRAL where Nnrse ia kept; family four; no washing.—Appll evenings, 493. Stretford rd., Blanchester.

ANTHO Middle-3gal WOMA.N to join in mall House VT and Busile3s.—Addres3 H. W., " EXlMirin " Warrington.

WANTED plain COOK cr Cook-General for Doctor's femily.—Mre. BRUNT, Fern Villa, Helsby, near Warrington.

WANTED, a strong GENERAL, able 0 wash, Iron, and bake —Address, Mrs. Rosin, The Vicarage, Haslingden, near Manchester.

WANTED good GRNBRAL. must have good references ; 1' I' three In family. (Good Home).—Apply WHITE HORSE HOWL, Hantwich

11" ADM Requirirg SHRVASTS and Servants Wanting SITVATIONS, apply. 511119 AREOVVOSITH, Egerton Bt. Registry. Wrexham.

117 ASTRD, first-class SHIRT tanNin for hand laundry; V no (Aber need app!y.—..tdottata BROOK LIVNDRY, Latchford, Warrington.

WANTED, at once, respectable GENERAL; god l refer- ences necessary. Three In f Amity —Apply by letter 8, Eleswtck rd., Northyolcb.

NITANTEB capable GEMBHAL ; over 30 ; all duties ; put V washing out ; small family ; good home.—W oon, 226, Tong Moor rd., Bolton, Lancs.

WANTED COOK ?.good plain), November 2nd; baking ; ace 30-35; £22—E.33 ; no been—Write, Mrs. SPENCELY, Prescot, Lancashire.

11TANTBD COOK MINERAL, 3 in family, reliable good V references. emperienced.—Apply THE MOORINGS. Barnfield, Urmston,Mancheater.

WANTED, a respectable person about 27, as MINIMAL servant, Good bome.—Address, Gooowts, Horse Sboa note!, Levenehultne, Nlsnehester.

C 001i3, £2o—£3o ; Waitresses, Housemaids, Housemaid- Waitresses, lisperieneAi Generals and Between-maids Wanted.—Mrs. MORTNaIRB, 17, Hale rd., Bowdon.

WANT&D, gocd Plain COOKS, Waitresses, Housemaids, Kitchenmaids, Between and superior Generals.—Mrs. Rieen'a SELECT REGISTRY, Rusholme, Manchester.

WAISTRID, euperior, respectable HOUSSNIAID ; Cook and Between-maid kept.—Addresa, or Interview Ile, Hrs. TURNER, Bine End Houae, Stockport.

creoc%ll

WANTED.—Good GENERALS, 18 to 26. Plain Cooki-Ig Wages £l3 to £lB. Reterences.—Apply. Miss SALL SHUR'S', 23, Algiourth rd., Grassendale, or. Liverpool.

WANTED HOLISM.' PaID-WATTRESi (Young) with soma exPeriehea ; three in familf.—State age, wage, and reference. Mrs. Eacrautc, 2, Ladybarn Crescent, Withington, Mancheater.

WANTED, COOK-OENEBAL, for early in October good wages; no washing ; family four; no children. State age, qualification!„ references, Ao., by letter, to DENENELD, Ellesmere P'rrk. Eccles.

W A fiL'lttli)onbyaldowlnt)sati=da: rHelolaginise c ItoM agnenTer, men. private or business house ; good references ; moderate salary ; age 38.—W. 103, Falkner it., Liverpool.

(2.000 HONES and Small Wages offered respectable Girl' ‘.._X of 18 lt3 Servant with young mar rted couple. Smell house. No children.—Address,:lLre. 811111412, 2, St. Stephen's Villas, St. Leonara's rd.. Mortlake, near London.

Mo be let.

PENNETII.—COTTA GEES, 2s. Bd.. and 25.-6 d., per week. MILL STLEET, OFlKOS,ground floor. Also upper rooms. 17, MILL LANB, 6 Raerned House 61. per weA. 41, NEW ROAD, 4s. 91. per week. 15, GEE EVIRBRT, 4s. per week. 7, ST AUSTIN'S LANE, 41. 6d. per week. 50, CLIORLEIC STREET, rent 4e. 6d. STCCKTON HEATII.-20, Bedford -street, rent £l9 10 s A.pply ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent,No. I Bank-street War ngton. Telephone—NO 55.

1110 LET, good WAREHOURS. King st.—dpply CHARLES J. HEALEY, F, King st , Warrington.

q'o LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply 1i700D9 4 Solt _1 Solicitors, Horsernacket Street, Warrington.

/Po LI3T.—GOOD HOUSI3, Honwood-street ; 3 bed rooms • rent se. 6d.—Apply iiOOD3 AND Sox, Solicitors, Horsescarkel st

1 1 0 LET.-81, BUTTERIIMM ST., 'bop with living accommodation, in gond poaition, Rent £lB.—Apply 106. WILDERBPOOI. Be., Warrington.

To LET, good SHOP with dwelling-house, containing -I- kitchen, scullery, 4 bedrooms ; good workshop in yard, Rent tbw.—Apply CHARLES HEALEY, 6,King et ~Warrington.

fßolov Ear,Cpele, Tarriages, etc

d N LF, GRBENGROCER'S TURNOUT. no reasonable offer refused —Apply JI.SIES ISHERWOOD, .2t, Bedford st,, Stccktcn Heath, Warrington.

el,lB-PEONTED VAN, also a 4-wheel Van. In first-oleos condition; cheap to clear ; room wanted.—WARREN Box, Coachbailders. 9, Cranbourne st., Liverpool.

g 9.—Re w Varnisbed POSY BLOT; also cob size. £9 las. 2 years' guarantee; light waggon and 2 Covered Vane, ebeap.—CARRIAOI4 WORICR. Rugby rd., Aintree.

ON SALE, WAGGIBiTI3, Carry BiK persons; Liverpool Gig, rubber tyres ; Set of Hew Silver-mounted Harness; cheap to clean-131;115T, t;l4, rd , Smallbridge, Rochdale,

1 ow 131,1 LT VAN, on crank axIP, open to offers. Also 14 Crossley's latest GAS IiNGINS, tube ignition, Ai type, 7 brake borse power, as new ; can be seen runnlnz any time; receipt for original cost cm be seen ; open to offers.—A LAE= WEBSTER, Deacon rd., Widnes.

10_12 H.P. Four Cylinder HUMBEIt ; 4-seater ; com- plete with cape, hood, wind screen, Stepney wheel, two Dunlop steel-studded back tyres; just Overhauled ; in perfect order ; £225 ; will take smaller car In part payment. —Apply 21, ROBERT ET., Patricroft.

TYCLES.—BARGAIN ; Lady's and Gent's Cycles for Sale; no use to owner : just as new, not ridden ; 2 Coventry high-grade machines, free wheels, 2 brakes, plated rime, and all parts beautifully plated, lamp and bell, all with cycle ; will mad on approval before cash sent ; magnificent bargain and worth double ; will sell either £3 103. eash,—Apply Tom HUMPHRIES, bLirlay, Ellenborough Park rd., Weston- super-.lam

iraCLE, marvellous sacrifice ; two-speed gear, Clincher tvres, magnificent machine, not soiled or scratched. silver-plated rims, beautifully lined, mud guards, two genuine roller lever Crabbe brakes, plated gas lamp, and all other accessories ; Coventry machine and practically new ; approval willingly, half carriage paid ; private owner; bargain, lowest. £5 ELACIEMORE, 8, Oxford at., Weston-super-Mare.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Illatruxong

at., B.C.

ATRIMONY.—Ladies and Gents of all ages desiring 11l marriage should send stamped addressed envelope tor particulars to " Loahots Isno-LEaotTE," 147, Vailbllall lidge rd., London. Strict secrecy observed.

_ ATHIMONIAL.—BAOHBLOIt 45,busineesman, life long IT.L character, Churchman, would correspond with lady in business or own means, view marriage ; stricteat privacy and bona-fide replies .• Times Inqairy Office, Hereford.

fatscellantousl en 'ait, at.

r AMISS, ' Rejuvenate—Send P.O. Is. to Cf. TIPPLE, .213 LI White Horse it., Stepney, H.

SPROIAL.—Latest from the course; wire P.O. Is. 64. HI-LES, Ch li. Wilton it, York.

GOOD MANURE 23. 91. per ton on rails, Oldham.—Apply J. FREEMAN, 356, Lees rd., Oldh am.

BDECOKE YOUR OWN MASTER. Send stamped envelope to G. VTSE, 13 Stockwell Grove, London.

RSULTS TO BRAT THE WORLD.—Apply termt, A. J. Lid HONE, 28, Perryn rd., Acton, London, W.

B 11011-8 THIN Piano, 25 guineas, cost 60 guineas. In good condition.—Wons, Peticharn, London, P,P.

-DP Men& TAFEL—Cheaper than string, 500 yards, 2c 6.1. lA, AGENCY, 20 Bernleigh rd.. Winchmore Hill.

ei_RRIC GOAT RUG, 66 a 30ins., carriage paid, 6s. 93. k_i HIIIIREN, 45, Park rd,, Regent's Park. London.

1 / WONDERFUL VALUH.—Magnificent Magnifying / Glass in case.—LEEsE, 38, Albany se., London.

BOIPH for Making Beet Pill in the World, le. 6d.— AL Stamped envelope.—KNOTT, Nettleham, Lincoln.

WENHAM PATENT RE/GEN/MAUVE GA3 LAMPS, 1.../ 8.. 6d. each, coat 6,)5. each.—W. W. Evase, Watb.

0" good Winner eaah week ; reitible information ; P. 0.0. 2s. 63.—Y0u10, 28, King's rd., Windsor.

1 samples 00 IVORY VISITING CARDS h.—Agents wanted; aent.—PRINTER, 347, Hornsey rd.. London.

BDIM WATRIIPROOP ; double proofed sheets 36 a 35 Ins. 29.6 d.; 542(361n0. 38.9 d. free.-Crtorras,Crayton

fro L&EITERNISTI3.—AnImate4 Pictures quite easily pro- vided. H ES DmasoN,l2,Padding Chare,New-csatle-on-Tyue,

LABATIER Incandescent Gas Mantles, 3e. a dozen, carriage paid.-MANUFACTURERS, 181, Snargate it., Dover,

rz BYLBSS WATCHES, Se. 9.3.. port free; oxidized ; special IS. floe; supply Iiraited.—DAVENPOBT, 201, Pinner rd.. Harrow.

A BSOLUTHLT FRHlL—Pianos. Bicycles, Given &way. Bend two 'Lampe. -OC-OPER&TIVE Buteaatr, 143. Old _ _

-pp Amu, EXPERT.—Three Horse Wire, 3s. daily (five Ili days, 10e. 6d.) P.O.—W. atun, 275, Waterloo rd., Loudon, S.E.

ADIES' CORREOTIVES.-56. post free advice given.— LA MADAM GAUTIER, 14, Qwendoline Avenue, Upton Park, London.

SOUND 131POHTRATION.—No winners, money back; 2e. 6d. daily, 105. weekly.—liivnioN Co., 57, Victoria it., Blackburn.

SUCTIONATH I Make false teeth tight in the mouth, so that they do not drop. Poet free, lc ia.—frYias, 7 Grand Parade, Brighton.

3,IOTOR•OAR JOURNAL, every Friday, Id. Best medium for Sale, Purchase, or Exchange of Cars, Sold by all bookstalls and newsagents.

el LOVRS.-31. lid. for 3 pairs Ladles; superior Anita lan l - Kid Gloves, post free. state sizes.—LIVINGSTONE, Roseville Avenue, Hounslow.

STOP! try Deemond'a Blectrolne, the great Hair grower and baautlfier. Poet free, le. 6d. and 2s. fkl. —l3, MLR!' ST., Rielaton, nr. Blackburn.

CE1.11171 INDBX and Vertical Letter Filing Cabinets. Lowest prices ; Best workmanship ; Prompt delivery.—Turc MWYNDY CIBINIST CO., Liantrisant.

pIANO, fitted with inside pneumatic player and rnelsic rolls ; magnificent rosewood case ; £4o,worth double. T., 69, Endlesham rd.. Balham, London.

TO Alin:MßS.—Send your Stories and Articles to THE EZIPIRE LITERARY AGEZPCY, Westcliff-on-Sea, who them- selves pay good prices for suitable work.

TMPORTANT.—Hvery Person should have an Inventory _L of thelr goods. Flew Form just Issued, post free 7d. PUBLISH ER, Hoseneaih, Denville', Havant.

BULBS.—Choice collection of 25 Tulip, 50 Snowdrops, 50 Crocus, 95 Daffodils, 50 Milne, 50 Iris, be. derivered.—Mictammots & Fuvrots, Leiceeter.

A PRONS and ()Temalls, black, white and colours for HousewLle, Housemaid or Hospital. Send is. 93. for sampIe.—HIGHEIYGALE, 28, ilidingham rd., Liverpool,

IOLI NEBD aat Nome and in Business—the latest Tim e- ..saving Calendar. Bend 41. in Stun:ie.—THE WINTER NOVELTY Co., Imperial Buildings, Ludete Circus, E.C.

S4IFHTY RAZOR9.—Pinest, German, hollow-grould, com- plete, P.O. 2s. 63. Exceptional value, money refunded If iut approved.—Slirairt, Agent, 9, Moorflelde, London.

ZTARTLING PEER OFFER. —SpleadidtFortrat Enlarge 4_7 merit, on handsome Plate-sunk Mount, 24 by 19 absolutely f res. --Partioulars,MEADMS,The Market,Sandwteh.

(ThUNS I GUN! ! GUNS' ! Elpo;temen and Farmers. kir Best Gun in the market for ZS 10s. English made throughout.—T. ALEHRT, 229 Newtown Row, Birmingham.

SILENT ALARM—Don't wake the household; you can wake any hour by our Silent Method ; no swindle —Particulars for is., WINTER & Co., Belize British Honduras.

T MBREL LAS, UP&BIiELLAS.—INitway lost property 1._.) grand bargains ; ladies' and gents' 2e. 61; 2 for 4s. 9 I , om•riage paid.—Wnsorr & LANG, 36, Narrow Wine st.,Bristol.

LADIES, hemstitched handkerchiefs, with any initial beautif ally embroidered, doz. 25., 1 doz. 35. 6d. ; splendid value.—Man. ORDER Co.,B,The Barade,New Barnet.

FURNISH direct from the Factory. Best workmanship and materials. Specify requirements to CORE Dor:case, Furniture and Decorations, Fernleigh rd., Winchmore Hill.

A LL Wool, double width, Venetian clotb.—Blaak, navy, brown, moss, seven yards, Us., carriage paid. Money returned it not approveI.—DETNSFORD MANUFACTURING Co, 35 Friday et.. London, S.C.

ITEGIBTABLE DOWN for Cushions, Is. per lb.; over 41b. Y at 100. ; warranted pure Mil!puffs, 6lb. for h. 6d. ;all carriage paid ; reducbion for quantities ; samples and price 'lists from CITADMLIT'S BEDDING 141ANuracroar. Bristol.

as LI prol ..chapel r

SWISS 1131BROIDIIIIBD BLOUSBa and ROBES.—The Swiss EMBRoIDERY CO., 17, areen at., Leicester Square, London, W.C., send cut, gratis, some beautiful coloured photos of their handsome embroidered blouses (silk cash- mere, mousseliae de laine flanell), which are offered at 10s. 6d. and 15s. 6d. each. These prices are absolutely 53 per cent below West End shop prices. Beautifully-embroidered robes for ball wear,

fitgtellantous, en *ale, ttt.

T Mini Easy Breathing bmoking Mixture. sample box 7d. .1.1 —lB, himxtsco AVE, Seven Kings, Essex.

SCOTCiI HANDLOOSI TWISBDS direct, patterns free; all parczls pald.—W, R. WILSoN, Bannockburn.

COBIBINGd (ladies) or old hair bought ; best prices paid.— ARTISTIC WIGNIAKING Co., 11, reckhano nye, S.g.

IHUNKERNBSS,—&II traces remaved quickly; for LF particulars send .tamp.—HlLL, 68, Hewn rd., Lincoln.

IyBIASK TABLECLOTHS. 67 x 67lns. offered at 4s. each o clear ; carriage paiS.—BRITI6H LINEN Co., 20,Waring• strEet, Belfast.

STBIBLING, British Oak, WaSTBOTIENE, Park ri., .London W., W,CO] cigars, exceptional vatue, lin post free 75.9 i, sample 9 for Is.

_LI DOOKBINDISG, Retail and to the Trade.—Cheap. effective and rellable.—Write J. H. 01:D1IELD & CO., 179, Albany it., London, N.W.

1/ DEPOSIT secures lovely guinea Skirt for 4s. 11. d., 1- pay weekly, state measures.—S.B.S., 50 Wilton rd., Shepherd's Bush, London.

nOSTUMIG CLOTlikkclearing line.—Tweed dress length, Byds. 4010. wide iL fid. carriage parr], patterns free.— SYKES, Grose Gates, near Leeds.

GRAND MOM Send P.O. 10s. 6d. for my special pair Blankets, carriage free, money returned if not satisfied. —Bennett. Draper, Tiiienhall.

MO MORE BAGGY KNEES, Bend P.O. 2s. 6d. for patent .I..`k trouser stretcher, carriege free, money returned if not sablefied.—BaerxErT, Clothjer, Willenhall.

IDITEMPHEDINCH or Drug Habit cured at tome, no L Interference with daily duties. full particulars from lECRETIBY, 67, StithVaud avenue, London, W.

AL STROLOCIY Horoscope of Character, changes, lA. marriage ; marvellous revelations ; send ter, birthdate, is. Id.—HADAME MAY. 11, Talketh it.. Southport.

LARGIII PROFIES for Shopkeepers to sell Sharp Lightlng Flrelighters. Patent applied. Buying agents wanted. Samples sent. Stamp.—sasap, Archdeaeou lane, Leicester.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday October 17, 1908.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ifiattlmerii, etc

Ullanta.

A GENTEJ WANTED to sell Xmas postcards, best. 'Pliers, big profits.—Lomax, Ma.or House, Darwen.

MOREY-MARING AT HOME; Genuine; Send Stamp.— LANKFORD, 12 Arundel rd , Gt. Yarmouth, Norfolk.

1) BALLY WANTHD, rare British, foreign and colonial It stamps.-1. W. PALMER, S. Ann's Crescent. Lewei.

W AIMED, AGENTS for Live Stock and In-foal Mare V V Inanrance.-MeirAGEß,lllidgate Otiambers,Peterborongh

MANURE TRAM—Good local men wanted, good Incomes.—Apply MANURE, 28, Barrage rd., Woolwich.

AT ANTED. small Modern Cars, Stepney Wbeele, Lamps. TV MOTORISTS' ADVISORY AGENCY, 14 Beak sr,, London, W.

WANTED, BABY to Nurse or Adopt; good comfortable home in the country.—Mrs. Eirasost.or, 74, Northenden rd., Sale.

STABOH WASHING WANTEID,by experienced Laundress, or good family washing ; good shirt and collar dresser, —ll, FARRELL RD., Stockton Heath.

1111117 KL ASSISTANT lIIIQUIRHD, about 17, in Chemical J. Laboratory.—Apply Vir. F. G. Ronnoolc, Public Analyst. Corporation it., Warrington.

ESPROFIT WEEKLY molly made.—Why stare for others? Be bon yourself. No capital required. I tell you how.—ldasorr, 86 High st. Dunstable.

CHEISTIAN LADY, very fond Children, desires care two as companions own child; country home ; might adopt; highest references. --SHACICELL, Elmhurst, Hornchurch.

I EN OF SPECIAL ABILITY are the kind of men we _l5l want—men whose Special Knowledge or Special Aptitude fits them to occupy Responsible Positions in Technical, Clerical, Organising, or Travelling capacities. We have upon our lists hundreds of positions open for such men—positions carrying salaries of from £l5O to BICOJ a year—but positions which can only be filled by really High- Grade Men. If you are such a man, write us to-day.— HAPITIOODS, LTD., (Registered in Quernsey) 24a, Barton &Made, Deausgate, Man Chester.

3nvotinentO, 'hare, tce.

Rottls, Pporos, 33aartiing 05tab.

D AISISRY HYDRO, ISLB OF MAN.—l4eal winter J-Id residence ; extensive ground', golf, billiards ; brine and other baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

Sapartments, lurntsbeti 3D011550, Sct

BLACKPOOL (30HTH).—Comfortable clean APART- MINTS, facing sea; bath; winter terma.—CUMPBELL, 9, Holmfleld rd.

pLACKPOOL.—PUBLIC and PRIVATN ROOMS. 21. per bed ; Is. each person.—Missea Bon3Er, 10, St. Chad's rd., South Shore.

BLACKPOOomeIy APARTMENTS, With or without board. Terms moderate. Near Central station and sea.—Miss PORTER, 73, Read's rd.

BDLAMPOOL—APARTNEHNTS, with or without board; close to pea (vacancy or Invalid, trained nurse). MUNSLOW, 18. Osborne rd.. South Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—Best and most reasonable accommodation at Mrs. MOSELEY'S, 96, Albert rd., tear Central Station and Promenade; public or private APARTMSMTS. Piano.

DLACKPOOL.—Comfortable ABARTSIBNTS, near sea South Shore Stations and ears ; terms moderate.-111r, BAIrEIT, 3, Woisley rd., South Shore. Lytham rd., Blackpoo:

1111INFOUTH.— Clean, homely APMITMEINTS, public or ki or privite ; good. beds ; cycle accommodation.—lSlrs. MOUNTJOY, 32, Lancashire rd.

HOLYHEAD.—House or APARTMENTS Healthy. Fine view of Bay and Country; Private Terms Moderate. DAVISP, Penrhos Beach.

LAtiILIUDNO and NORTH WALES COASI.—For LA Furnished and Unfurnished Houses apply M. RTAN, Estate Agent aud Auctioneer, Llandudno.

ONDOI7, W.—Convenient everywhere, nice road, private LA house, very moderate chargda.—Ormattsr, 99, !lotting RIC (tate.

y ONDON.—Pacing Exhibition. bedroom and breakfast 1.4 3s. 6d. ; nee sitting-room.—WlLrorr HOUSE, 15, Shep- herds Bush Green. Phone 288. Hammersmith Open 6 a.m.

£95 ALL AT.--Tobacconist's doable fronted,main street; splendid opening for young eouple.--13EvAir,

y-d-enban.,.

'vr AIIGATE (Cliftonville). Furnished Hight•roomed lII_ House to let.—U., 21 The Avenue, 'Upper Nor- wood, London.

1001110TO1RAPHER'S BUSINBSS.—BiaIa street, working order. Bargain, £45 ; must sell.—Particulars CLARKE, Colomberie, Jersey.

EW BRlGHTON.—Comfortable APARTMENTS good cooking; recommended ; terms moderate.—Mrs. Towita9, 37, Egerton at.

1/onsto, Bows, LtbctotkSrt.

riJR SALTS two Chestnut Mares, Traps, Harness, and 12 Stable Fittings.—Apply D. SEILW, Railway rd., Leigh.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
IGNOH S&L, one Horse (17 hands), Lorry, Cart, Furniture Van,and Ilarness,tozether or separate; all In good eon- dition.—apply JAMES ECCLES, 19, New Bank rd.,Blaokbtrn.

The House of Commons on CLAUSE TWO. Wednesday night began the

discussion of Clause 11. Of the Licensing Bill, and they will be engaged on the details of the Bill for 601f13 weeks to coma. As Mr. ASQUITH and other members of the Government have told us it is a measure on which they are prepared to stake their reputation. No Government ever started out on licensing legis- lation with the idea that ir would increase their popularity, for the drink traffic is very powerful. Lord ROSEBERY once told us that if the State did not throttle the drink traffic the drink traffic would throttle the State. It is in the interests of the State that the Government have brought forward this Bill. In tha days of the last Government the brewers, who, for reasons of their own, had become possessed of the public-houses in the country, made a bargain with their friends, who were then in power, and secured for themselves privileges which ought never to have been granted. The central feature of the Act 1904 was that the State parted with many of its rights to the brewers. The central feature of Mr. Asuumfs Bill is the resumption by the State, after a fair interval, of rights with which it never ought to have parted. There will doubtless be many alterations in the Bill before it gets through the House of Commons, but the Government are bound to stand or fall by its central feature, which is State control of the drink traffic. .

In their declarations against the Bill,the brewers and their friends say very little about this part of the measure, although to them, 4 to the Govern-

ment, it is the most important of all its provisions. They do, it is true, shout about confiscation, and that sort of thing, and tell us that the Government are frittering away the value of the shares, which' seem, according to their story, to be largely held by "widows and orphans." The truth is, that the shares were going down in value at a great rate before ever the Licensing Bill was introduced, and that the rate of depreciation has not been acceler- ated at all by the measure. They are falling because the investing public are finding out that they were not worth what they were supposed to be worth, that the competition of brewer v. brewer for the possession of licensed houses artificially inflated their value, that many of the brewery companies which the brewers floated upon the unsuspecting "widows and orphans" were over-capitalised, and that, as Sir THOMAS WHITTAKER has shown, many of them have no proper provision for depreciation. Fourteen years would enable the sound concerns to do all that is necessary, almost without feeling it, and it is surely no business of the State to bolster up con- cerns which are not sound. But the Government have already shown that they are not wedded to fourteen years as the time limit if that can be shown to be unfair. All that they are concerned about is that at some period, not toe remote, the State shall resume full control.

The particular clause of the Bill under con- sideration on Wednesdsy provides for local option with regard to new licences. Is does not provide for general local option, but only that the inhabitants of any tlistrict shall have the right to say whether or not a new public-house shall be opened in their midst. There is no valid argu merit against such a proposal. Many of those who argued against it, and voted against it, are wealthy enough to select their own place of residence, and it may be taken as a certainty that they do not care to live too near a public- house. There are many districts in this country where a single individual owns the land for miles round, and has the absolute right to say whethe r a licensed house shall exist within his domain or sot. If it be tyranny to allow a majority of the inhabitants of any district to veto the opening of a drink shop in their midst, by what name shall we characterise the action of a single landlord who deprives all the people of the inestimable advantage of a public-house ? If we understand aright the arguments used against this clause they mean that its enactment would place the power in the hands of a few fanatics. Some of the Opposition speakers last night said so. How a few fanatics are to command a majority of the inhabitants was not explained. The argument presupposes that minorities are more powerful than majorities. We doubt, however, whether the Opposition really in their hearts believe that the fanatics would rule. What they do know is that the people themselves would not be so likely as magistrates to grant new lisenses, and they do not desire to limit the power of the drink traffic in any way. It is much too useful an asset at election times.

The Warrington Civic CIVIC LEAGUE OF League of Help promises HELP. soon to be enrolled among

local institutions. The attendance at the preliminary meeting on Tuesday was encouraging and there were indications of a desire en the part of representatives of different shades of opinion in the town to work unitedly for the relief of poverty on systematic and well organized lines. In some quarters an attempt is being made to decry the proposal on the ground that it would interfere with existing organizations, but there is no such intention. The League will simply act as a central advisory body and will refer the various cases which arise to the agencies best fitted to deal with them. It will not administer funds on its own account and will make the fullest use of the machinery already set in operation by charitably dispossd people. There will thus be a co-ordination of all the societies which are seeking to mitigate poverty and suffering and the plan of placing each district in charge of a committee with its recog- nized head should workiadmirably: Indiscriminate charity with its consequent overlapping is not in the interests of the whole community and tends to encourage malingering. Each case should be carefully considered on its merits and in this direction the mass of information which such a body as the League of Help would be able to command—if it were well supported by the towns- people—would be invaluable. A provisional committee is now at work preparing a scheme to be submitted to a future meeting and we hope that when the members have completed their labours the League will be successfully launched on a career of usefulness.

Though there is not THE MUNICIPAL much prospect of an all- Einerroxs.—A FOUR- round fight on the 2nd LINE CANDIDATE, Of November, there are many points of interest in the contests which seem assured. The attitude of the Conservative party alone is w,orthy of consideration. They unblushingly introduce another publican candidate,although the Trade has six devoted adherents in the Colwell already. Fortunately there does not seem much likelihood of the Orford electors being so blind to their own interests as to support another publican. They have an excellent candidate in Mr. Peter Peacock, who is making great headway in the contest. Rumour has it that still another publican contemplates contesting Bewsey Ward in the Tory interest. We hope he does—he is assured of a whacking I But the concentration of the Blues just now is in St. John's Ward, where Mr. Lash ford an estimable member of the butchering trade is seeking to oust a very useful and intelligent representative in Councillor Ball. This latest protegea of the Tory party is a man of few words, but much - docility. He held an open-air meeting on Monday and made a speech which was reported in the " Guardian " on Wednesday—verbatim we understand. It occu- pied four lines I Mr. Lashford said nothing which could be controverted, but any deficiencies in this respeat were kindly made up for him by other speakers. Councillor Steel's chief com- plaint against Councillor Ball was that he held forth on the claims of Socialism, and not oa the claims of St,John's Ward. A few minutes later Mr. Peter Rylands urged the electors to return Mr. Lashford in order to show that the Govern- ment of the country had outstayed its welcome. Evidently there are differences between Messrs. Steel and Rylands which had better be reconciled before they again make a joint appearance on a public platform. Mr. Steel's worship at the parish pump would seem to be more immediately service- able than Mr. Rylands' peculiar method of showing as he announced, "the interest he took in the municipal elections." That " interest " nearly resulted in the candidate for St. John's being submerged in a flood of words upon the surface of which imperial political topics floated aimlessly as corks.

JUDGES' AWARDS AT THE FRANCO-BRITISH EXHIBITION.

-- - After judging some twelve thousand exhibits, the combined English and French juries have now made their awards. The highest possible is the Grand Prix, which is only given in oases of exceptional merit. In the tobacco section only one English firm gained this distinguished honour, which has been given to Messrs. Godfrey Phillips and Sons, the manufacturers of B.D.V. Cigarettes and Tobacco and Grand Cat tobacco for their exhibit which long ago earned the desaription of "the most wonderful exhibit at the White City."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Mr. Vistor Grayson, M.P. seems to find the times out of joint, but he won't remedy unemployment by making a row inside the House of Commons, any more than the suffragettes will obtain the vote for women by inciting riots outside the House. * * * In another column we publish the first of a series of " Questions for Tariff Reformers." We commend them to the study of our readers. They only need to try the experiment a time or two to discover how easily a well-planted question knocks the bottom out of the Tariff Reformer's specious arguments.

* Councillor Steel could not say much for the Tory candidate in St. John's Ward when he took the chair for him on Monday night, but he could and di'd say that the retiring member did not live in the Ward. Mr. Steel was forgetful of the simple fact that the other representatives of St. John's, himself and Coun- cillor Fulton-Smith, do not live in the Ward either.

• * * * Two delightful bulls were perpetrated at the Church Congress last week. At one meeting'—that to discuss the Position of the Laity—Canon A. W. Robinson told the meeting, in his opening remarks, that his words would be pointed to the verge of bluntness," and later in the evening, Sir A. Coote, explaining his presence at such a gathering, said that he was like "one of those satellites of Jupiter which, when they were Nisible, were always obscured." * * *

Councillor Ball evidentry knows something about electioneering. The day after Mr. F. T. Lashford's four-line speech to the electors of St. John's Ward had appeared in the press, his opponent challenged him to a public debate on municipal matters. This is real cute, as the Yankees say. Mr. Lashford might accept and stipulate that the debate should be limited to four lines on each side. This wouli put him on an equality with his challenger.* , The President of the Literary and Philosophical Society is sever so happy as when he can have a "go ' for Socialism. Last year he managed to find an opening in his Presidential address to denounce it, and on Monday evening he tried to show that Darwinigiii and Socialism are opposed to each other. It would be interesting to know under which heading —Literary or Philosophical Socialism comes and why Darwinism and Socialism are antagonistic. Perhaps Mr. A. J. Jolley will oblige next year. * * * The elections are already providing us with some gems in the way of political pronouncement. Mr. W. Peter Rylands is looked upon as the oracle of the Conservative party on Tariff Reform. Here is his creed in a nutshell ! Speaking at the open-air meet- ing in St. John's Ward on Monday Mr. Rylands said : "Not a single boot should come into this country as long as there was bootmaker out of employ- ment. (Applause.) Not a single article of men's clothing should come into this country as long as there was a tailor out of a job. (Applause.) A man shonld have the first call for the article he was producing. That was the main plank of the Conservative party." Poor plank ! But for " a man to have the first call for the article he is producing" is Socialism, is it not?

* * The Marquis of Ripon, despite his great age—he will be eighty-one on the 24th of this month—is not', the oldest living ex-Cabinet Minister. Viscount Cross is eighty-five, Viscount Knutsford and Earl Halsbury are both eighty-three, while Viscount Landaff is eighty-two. Lord Ripon, however, held Cabinet sank many years before either of them. It is an interesting fast that the venerable peer first entered the Cabinet as Secretary for War in 1803—a year in which three of his colleagues in the present Cabinet—Ml, Lloyd George, Mr. Harcourt, and Mr. Reginald McKenna— first saw the light. But a more interesting fact still is that he holds the record in the Liberal Party of the longest Parliamentary service —a period of fifty-six years—Lord Ripon having first sat in the House of Commons in 1852.

* * Mr. Winston Churchill received a handsome wedding present on Wednesday in recognition of his services to Manchester Liberalism. In his address of thanks he made an interesting allusion to the early days of his political career, and to his change of sides. The support of North-West Manchester had been, he said, the "turning point " in his political life : You trusted me, you took the spirit of my public womir, you ignored the words I had spoken, which I have regretted since,but whick were spoken in the days of youth and in the days when my political information was not what it has become. You allowed me to move in my own titne, as I chose and as I thought tit, and I think that the result was one you have no cause to regret. * * * The " other " Winston Churchill, the author of " Richard Carvell " "Mr. Crewe's Career," and other ibooks, is a native of St. Louis, U.S. The name by which he is known is a nom, do plume. He was educated at the Naval Academy at Annapolis, hence his success 0 a writer with naval scenes. Like many other millets, he began with journalism, being for a time editor of the "Army and Navy Journal" of New York-, and other publications. Some three years ago he married a rich St. :Louis Lady, and has been able since then to devote himself entirely to authorship. For some time after his marriage he lived in St. Louis, but later he bought a farm at Windsor, Vermont, on the upper reaches of the Connecticut River, and has there built ,a handsome residence. * * The House of Commons started work on Monday on the Children's Bill, and a good deal of progress was made under the vry capable guidance of Mr. Herbert Samuel. The Bill says that parents must be punished if they give alcohol to children under five, or go to bed drunk and " overlay " a child, or allow a child to fill into an unguarded fire. The first of these (the giving of drink to young children) raises certain difficulties, and was only carried by 123 to 103 on a division in which the question was left an "open" one ; but, speaking generally, the idea is that the elders must be restrained, so as to protect those who cannot protect themselves. It is not a pleasant thing to have to sit down and devise penalties for affairs of this kind; it would have been well if the policeman had not to be called in. But the practical point is that children are being injured by drink and cigarette-smoking, killed by over-laying, burnt by no-" guarded" fires. That being so we have to see if something cannot be done to put a stop to these blunders, which in this case assuredly amount to crimes, since they hurt the children.

* * * The question of how to deal with the " o verlaying " of infants is a painful one, and although it might have been pleaded that the limitation of space in very poor families should be considered, the statistics which Mr. Herbert Samuel gave, convinced the House that some such clause as the new one which ha intro- duced was necessary for the proper protection of infant life. Sixteen hundred cases of overlaying every year in England and Wales is a terrible record, and it is accentuated by the grim fact that the " accidents " are twice as numerous on Saturday nights as on any other nights in the week, and that when the week includes a Bank Holiday the death-rate goes up 50 per cent. Any lingering doubt as to the justice of dealing with the matter specially by legislation was dispelled when Mr. Samuel, who is both able and thorough in his grip of what he has in hand, cited the example of Germany, where by making overlaying a legal offence the deaths from this cause had been reduced almost to a minimum. There was reasonable hope of the Bill being got through before the debate on the Licensing Bill was entered upon, but thanks to the frivolous obstructionist tactics of Mr. Balfour and Sir Frederick Banbury, this object was not achieved. It is the business of the Opposition to oppose, of course, but they might at the same time show some regard for propriety and not trifle with the sacred cause of protecting child-life. The way Mr. Balfour talked " tommy-rot "trivialities about cigarette-smoking was positively indecent. We are tired of looking upon him as a serious politician with any settled convic- tions.

Literary and Philosophical Society. At a meeting of this society on Monday evening the President (Mr. A. J. Jolley) read an interesting paper on "The Jubilee of Darwinism." Considerable dis- cussion followed, those taking part including Alderman Bennett, Mr. J. Rymer Young, Mr. L. Greening, Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, Mr. T. E Gibson, and the Rev. C. Harvey Cook. .

JOHNSTON WATSON'S SPECTACLES PRESERVE THE SIGHT. Johnston Watson's Toris Lenses increase the field of vision. Johnston Watson's Two Sight for Reading and Walking. The prices are reasonable.-84, BRIDOE ST., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

[FROIS OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.] The work which lies before Parliament between now and Christmas is of exceptional importance. In . _

_ 'the Licensing Bill the Government have undertaken a task of whioh they fully realise the gravity and the difficulties. With the exception of the first clause, the Bill has yet to be carried through the Committee stage. The Miners' Eight Hours Bill, which also has to pass :through Committee, is another measure of great importance, although it does not arouse the sarael fierce hostility as the Licensing Bill. If, as there ley some reason to hope, the Education question could be settled by agreement before the end of the year, thie Autumn Sitting will indeed be a memorable one' Still, as Mr. Asquith said at Leeds on Saturday, even if the Session had been wound up at the beginning of. August, it would have been a memorable 'Session at the annals of Parliamentary history. The law which has been placed on the statute book to secure to ha a million of old men and women, the veterans of industry in this country, a sensible alleviation of thei ' wants and needs without any humiliating associatio and conditions stands out as a land-mark in the pro' gress of social reform.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
DISINTERESTED FOREIGN POLICY.

If fembers when they reassembled on Monday were conscious of the magnitude of the wohL: awaiting them, they also could not fail to be impressed by the seriousness of the circumstances under,which Parlia- ment re-opened. An imminent danger was brooding over the Eastern portion of Europe, and threatening to involve in its consequences, directly or indirectly, all the Great Powers. The gloom thrown by that disturbing knowledge was, however, lightened by an assured confidence in the justice and disinterestedness of the ground on which Great Britain had taken her stand. The whole nation is solidly united in support of the policy which is being pursued by his Majesty's Government. Lord Fitzmaurice in the House of Lords, and Mr. Asquith in the House of Commons, reaffirmed the principles on which that policy is based. They had already been clearly stated by the Pnime Minister and the Foreign Secretary in speeches outside the House : "It is irapossible for this country in the interest of the value of treaties to recognise an altera- tion of them made by any individual State without the consent of the other parties." The British Govern- ment has thehefore set itself to strive fcr a settlement 11 that will be both peaceful and equitable, with due regard to the interests of Turkey. Lord Lansdowne, as Leader of the Opposition' took occosicn to refer to the public statement made by Sir Edward Grey in the previous week—" Nothing," he said, "could have been more dignified in tone or more appropriate in sub- stance "—and to assure the Government of the co-operation of the Opposition in the accomplishment of their purpose.

UNEMPLOYED DEMONSTRATIONS. Unfortunately, the beginning of this last period of the Session has been signalised by some deplorable displays on the part of the advocates of woman suffrage and on the part of some of the unemployed and their leaders. Hunger and destitution are wild counsellors, and those who resort to violence under such an influence are to be pitied, however useless and harmful their action may be. But a terrible weight of respon- sibility rests upon the persons who appeal to the passions of starving men. It is not to be supposed that such demonstrations can produce any good effects. On the contrary, the only result is to deepen the pre- judice of those who are only too ready as it is to suspect and condemn any proposals that the Govern- ment may make for the relief of the poverty-stricken masses. The Prime Minister has promised that plans for the alleviation of urgent distress shall be completed with all possible dispatch, while a solution of the larger problem of dealing with the ultimate causes of uneuiployment will be steadily pursued. Reckless agitation only plays into the hands of reactionaries, who profess to detect a Socialist taint in any endeavour [ to ease the crushing pressure of poverty.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TACTICS OF THE SUFFRAGISTS.

The disorder of the unemployed dernonstratizons ig not without the excuse of acute suffering It would be difficult to find any excuse for the unseemly con' duct which is working so much injury to the cause of woman franchise. The social problem is urgent, complicated, almost overwhelming. Parliament is struggling with an enormous burden of responsi- bilities, and every moment is precious. It is not reasonable, or fair, or creditable that the deliberations of Parliament should be interrupted by clamour for legislation which, as it would necessitate a funda- mental change in the electoral system, would post- ' pone every measure of social reform until a complex land bitterly controversial franchise question had been disposed of. The worst enemies of women's votes could not strike a more fatal blow at the cause than these agitators are doing, who attempt to sacrifice to their propaganda such vital issues as the remedy of unemployment, the promotion of temperance, and the protection of young children. OBSTRUCTING THE " CHILDREN"S CHARTER."

The "Children's Charter," whiela has been engaging the attention of tie House of Commons, is devoted to 'objects which are far too valuable to be made the I sport of party tactics. It was with real regret that many members of the Opposition discovered Lord Robert Cecil to be in alliance with Sir F. Banbury 'for the obstruction of the Bill's progress. As Mr. Samuel said on Monday, the Bill is better than a Government Bill; it is a House of Commons Bill, and membess on both sides had contributed to its use- fulness. The Government had shown a keen desire Cot to introduce controversial matters, and not to over- load the Bill. It was this latter consideration which induced Mr. Samuel to vote against Mr. Wedgwood 's amendment prohibiting the giving of alcohol to, children under the age of five, except upon the orders of a doctor—or nurse, as the new clause was subse- quently amended—or in case of sickness. The clause was a good one, but the Bill contain: so many valu- able provisions that it would be a great misfortune if its passage were , imperilled by grafting contentious additions upon it. FACETIOUS FACTIOUSNESS.

Mr. Balfour seemed to think that legislation against the evil of juvenile cigarette-smoking deserved no better treatment than to be made the peg to hang 3 number of indifferent jokes upon. But medical authorities and the results of experience in Army recruiting have pronounced very clearly on the deterioration in national physique which is produced by this habit. So to adapt legislation as to make it effective against the evil is admittedly diraoult. But when, as Mr. Samuel and Mr. Gulland pointed out,the tobacco trade have loyaNy accepted the provisions of the Bill, the hostile criticism of Mr. Balfour seems purely gratuitous.

AN EDUCATION SETTLEMENT. It would be foolish to minimise the obstacles that Mr. Runciman will have to overcome if a settlement of the Education controversy is to be arrived at by agreement. However, the Archbishop of Canterbury declared his belief, when opening some new Chore" schools at Croydon on Tnesday, that there is no need to " despair of a solution to the education problera which will preserve the principles for which each side cares most.' What those principles are, as far as the Liberal Party is concerned, Mr. Asquith once more proclaimed at Leeds. While he mentioned that he was not without hopes that the long-vexed question might at last be settled by something in the nature of a general agreement, he declared emphatically that the Government could never assent to any settlement which did not remove the grievance that money drawn from the pocket of the ratepayer was appropriated to the maintenance of sectarian teaching without popular control. THE ACCUSATION OF "VOTE-CATCHING," Because the Government has secured for the aged poor that boon of Old Age Pensions which the Con- sertatives had so long dangled before the constituents at election time, the Opposition accuses them of "Vote-catching." If that was the chief motive inspiring Liberal policy, it is astonishing, as Mr. Asquith has said, that the Government should have ventured upon their Licensing Bill. "It did not require verymuoh either of fancy or political insight to know that there would be a storm. When you gn tilting with all the forces of a Government and Parliamentary majority against the richest and best organized politically of all the great interests in this country, you are apt to be reminded that revolutions are not made with rose-water." The Government 110 shown itself ready to sacrifice popularity, and all the ordinary tactics of political warfare, for the sake of a great cause. It has a right, therefore, to call upon the Party for a great concentration of effort and for a triumphant display of union and discipline in order, to help to achieve the greatest and most fruitful el all social reforms."

Bovril, which has been the only beef beverage author- ised to be sold at the Franco-British Exhibition, 120 now been awarded two Grande Prix,

4 .

===== 0002601_19081017_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
, 4!‘• ,k -4- 7.? • 7 -

===== 0002601_19081017_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coining Events. At the Bold-street penny popular concert to-night the artistes will be :—Miss Lilian Manssuer (Liver- Ilool), Mr. H. Plumpton, Master Robert Hamer (Accrington), a well-known boy singer, and Mr. Alfred Waterworth (humorist). In connection with the Warrington Co-operative Society,a cinematographic lecture en titled "Picturesque Pyrenees and Spain" will be delivered in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening by Mr. H. Hibbert, /'.R.G.S. Miss Marie Houghton will sing. The thirty-third anniversary of Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church will be celebrated to-morrow (Sunday), when the Rev. Edward Davidson will Preach.—On Monday evening the rev, gentleman will deliver his popular lecture on " Temper." A floral exhibition promoted by the Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission will be opened in the Parr Hall by the Mayoress on Monday, October 26th, and will continue for six days. A contingent of the afflicted girls will be at work each afternoon and evening making various kinds of flowers. At Latchford la,aptist Church, to-mormw (Sunday), the Rev. C. Rushby, of Stalybridge, will preach the autumnal sermons. in the afternoon a cantata " Christ and His Soldiers" will be rendered by the choir. The annual meeting of the Warrington and District Property Owners' Association will be held in Toft's Assembly Rooms, Bridge-street, on Tuesday evening next. - The competition for the Crosfield Shield, in connec- tion with the Crosfield Division of the St. John Ambulance Brigade, will take place in the workmen's dining ball at Messrs. Crosfields' works next Saturday afternoon. " The Hypocrites." A strong company will produce " The Hypocrites," Mr. Henry Arthur Jones' greatest dramatic triumph, at the Shakespeare Theatre, Liverpool, next week. The Infirmary. Dr. W. S. McCune has been appointed junior house sargeon at this institution in place of Dr. G. H. H. Russell, who succeeds Dr. Brown as senior house surgeon, Dr. Brown has gone on a voyage to Rangoon as a ship's doctor, The The et " Branch of the 11.W.T.A. opened with their first meeting at Silver-street Girls Club on W,„ednesday last. Several new members joined and Beswick entertained with very interesting readings and an address. The Mayoralty. An informal meeting of the Town Council will be held early next week, to receive the report of the depu- tation appointed to approach seven members with regard to the mayoralty, and the Council will Probably come to some definite decision in the matter. infirmary Ball. A meeting of the Infirmary Ball Committee was held at the Nurses' Home on Monday last. There were present : —Mrs. J. D. Buckton, Mrs. George .113,.ahin, Mrs John Fairdough, Mrs. Henry Greenall, -,n'tss Massy. Mrs. Hirry V. Pigot, Mrs. W. Peter I.l,3tblands and Captain George R. Crosfield. Captain "-• R. Crosfield was re-elected hon. secretary to the Ball Committee. It was decided to hold the Annual Ball in aid of the fund of the Institution in the Parr Hall, on Tuesday,the 29th December, 1903. A parquet -I.loor will be provided. As the enlargement of the !ustitution has necessitated the employment of a larger staff and more expenditure in connection with l'ilaintenance and establishment charges,it is earnestly Ped that the forthcoming ball will be well supported. are pleased to state that the last Ball, which was eld at the Parr Hall was a great financial and social success. Animated Pictures at the Parr Hall. There is a complete change of programme at the Parr Hall this week, and the excellent pictures dis- Played serve to show the admirable resources of the tLondon Animated Picture Company. Large audiences hare again been the rule, and nothing but praise of tue entertainment has been heard. One of the most Potable pictures is entitled " Faust in Hades," the Itand-colouring effects being wonderful. There are all ainds of humorous and pathetic subjects, variety being the first rule, and interest is welt maintained Lor a couple of hours. In addition to the pictures Miss Helena Sleath and Mr. Charles Aldin have appeared ;34 alternate nights in the Irish musical comedy act, Ruder the shamrock " and the original operatic Icena, "Dashing Duval, the night of the heath." SS Sleath sings several songs in pleasing style.— ,„ae Company loring their visit to a close to-morrow (Sunday) evening, when there will be a sacred concert. The pictures shown will include a fine series the great Ober Ammergau Passion Play and lite Life of Samson." Appropriate songs will be rendered by Miss Helena Sleath. Education Committee. The monthly meeting of this authority will be held at,T, the Town Hall at six o'clock on Monday evening. „-!fle Finance Committee recommend that application '25 *lade to the Local Government Board for their anction to the borrowing 2,975 to cover the cost of the alterations to the Technical Institute.— the School Attendance Committee decided that the enaacy of Garven Cottage as a centre for the Preparation of meals for school children should elinnaence on September 25th and accepted the tender w° ;_Messrs. S. and F. Acton amounting to :C.,6 Bs. for t°itewashing, painting &c., and that of Mr. J. A. °°th, at 9'..8 10s. for the erection of a partition,supply •°i fixing of shelving &c. An advertisement is to be lolatted inviting public subscriptions towards the cost t Purchasing the requisite food. The Sites and undings Committee's minutes contain the announce- lent : " The resolutions of the Education COM- ttee at their meeting on the 21st September, 1903 t..1t11 reference to the provision of school accommoda- tion in the Borough were submitted and noted." "larr, ington Women's Circle, Golborne-street. The meeting of this circle on Sunday was presided _ver by Mrs. Broadhurst and amongst others who sisted were Mrs. J. S. Hughes, the Misses Bates Miss Rose Tynan. The address was given by lr John Yonge, who took as her subject the words ings and Priests." She gave an excellent lesson the duties of wives and mothers, and showed ton°24 it was the duty of every woman to rule her own 0131:ae! and guide the religious life of her children. hence and the habit of prayer for and with the pildren was especially emphasized. Miss Maggie "teYwood sang "The coming of the King " and the gave" Let the Saviour in," Misses Bather and ur.tley taking the duet. Miss Shaw contributed two eettations. -On Tuesday evening, a most interesting meeting •Os held, with Captain Appleton in the chair. Miss 'o:,vks, of the Soldiers' Homes, gave an account of the igin and progress of her work, and charmed every- with her story of its growth and usefuluess.— J. Yonge offered prayer ; Alderman Bennett, ars. James Dodds and John Upson supported the Chair. The speeches were all so practical and appro- pLate that no distinctions can be made. Mr. Walter Y's three songs " Guiding Light" " The Banner- and "The Lost Chord" put the final touch of saccess to a delightful evening. 14°,01 Examination Results. ae.A summary of the results of the examinations in 101,t71ce, art, commerce or other subjects for the session pr .8 th a comparison with the results of the tzieYintis session, has just been prepared for submis- elston to the Education Commtttee. In the science Onainations conducted by the Board of Education, ` sat for examination, representing 50 per cent. of 3;'eearclass entries, 111 passed and 61 failed. Last pa 9 191, or 43.9 per cent. were examined, 129 st„sed and 02 failed. In art subjects 103 of 188 sllents in the school were examined, 80 passed and Last year 67 out of 116 were examined, 58 Cityand 0 failed. In the examinations of camand Guilds of London Institute 92 laa—tPeteti, 51 passed and 41 failed, as against atd session's figures : 72 examined, 46 passed COB 26 failed. At the Technical Institute elle of. the 1,145 students sat for the Lancashire and psaashlre Union of Institutes examinations, 531 ta,,eeti and 77 failed. Last year the figures were: nts in classes, 1,260' number examined, 567 ; Woecio 483; failed, 81. The Branch Technical 41,218 entered 541 of their 861 students for the Dass'ea_phire and Cheshire Institutes examinations, 424 thide`;al,and 117 failed. Last session there were 937 in the scho..ds, 370 were examined, 331 "vci and 48 failed.

I IL F.Re. The Wesleyan (Sunday), e Preach.-On .e. deliver his copal A floral exhibit, Plower Girls' Christi Parr Hall by the Mayers and will continue for sis afflicted girls will be at evening making various kinds At Latchford lleeptist Church, the Rev. C. Rushby, of Stalybride autumnal sermons. in the afte, " Christ and His Soldiers" will be re. choir. The annual meeting of the Warrington a, is. Property Owners' Association will be held Assembly Rooms, Bridge-street, on Tuesday e, next. - The competition for the Crosfield Shield, in conne, 4 tion with the Crosfield Division of the St. John _ , Ambulance Brigade, will take place in the workmen's le ~,..dining hall at Messrs. Crosflelds' works next Saturday aft* . afternoon. actiVe " The Hypocrites." of hear. A strong company will produce " The Hypocrites," passed to. Mr. Henry Arthur Jones' greatest dramatic triumph, with his foam at the Shakespeare Theatre, Liverpool, next week. laid to rest in . The Infirmary. deceased him nit, -- Dr. W. S. McCune has been appointed junior house - surgeon at this institution in place of Dr. G. H. H. WARRINGTON Russell, who succeeds Dr. Brown as senior house -- surgeon. Dr. Brown has gone on a voyage to Rangoon as a ship's doctor, A Discussion on . The .. Ts.- The "Y " Branch of the D.W.T.A. opened with A meeting of the Warrington , their first meeting at Silver-street Girls Club on was held at the Workhouse, on Wes. ,7 rednesday last. Several new members joined and T. R. Matthews presiding. There were , "-Liss Beswick entertained with very interesting Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Coll,, readings and an address. Broadbent, Dr. Murray, Messrs. A. J. Jolle W. C. Brooks, J. Billinge, R. Lee, W. Fames The Mayoralty. seton, W. Flannagan, J. Cook, R. Bolton, E. L An informal meeting of the Town Council will be J. Evans, R. Forshaw, A. Bottomley (clerk), 1, held early next week, to receive the report of the depu- Peacock (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), L. tation appointed to approach seven members with A. Wright (superinteeedent of Padgate Homes.) ~' regard to the mayoralty, and the Council will PADGATH SI INTENDENT'S SALARY. A DISCUSSION ON TOOTH BRUSHES. Probably come to some definite decision in the matter. At a meeting of the Padget) Cottage Homes Corn- 7,, infirmary Ball. mittee it was recommended that the salary of Mr. alloy, A meeting of the Infirmary Ball Committee was Wright (superintendent) be increased from £35 to Mr. , • held at the Nurses' Home on Monday last. There £6O per annum, also that the salary of Miss Alice informati Bennett be increased from £2O to R. 23 by annual clerical wo. "r\ere present : -Mrs. J. D. Buckton, Mrs. George increments of £l. It was recommended that Mr consider the "akin Mrs John Fatrelough, Mrs. Henry Greenall, Mis Taylor,W • b ' . ‘- Museum-street, Warrington e given the are before them b,B Massy. Mrs. Hirry V. Piget, Mrs. W. Peter dentistry work for the ensuing six months, subject to The Clerk : I e'nalands and Captain George R. Crosfield. Captain his terms being satisfactory. It was moved by Miss stances. 4' •R. Crosfield was re-elected hon. secretary to the Broadbent, seconded by Mr. Bent that the children be THE L. all Committee. It was decided to hold the Annual provided with tooth brushes, but the proposal was The Clerk read th.. 7 tali in aid of the funds of the Institution in the Parr defeated by 7 votes to 4. Vicarage, Runcorn. Dea. Mrs. COLLINGWOOD : It seems rather extraordinary the Board of Guardians fot liall, o T d tl December, 1903. A parquet e_ s not to allow the children tooth brushes, member of the Dutton Wo. • :lfoor n uesay,ae e °9th will b 3 provided. As the enlargement of the Miss BROADBF,NT : I don't think there is any other Committee and say that lam .10 stitution has necessitated the employment of a institution of the same size where they do net have accept.-Yours truly, GRACE Ga,. larger staff aad more expenditure in connection with them. THE UNEMPLOYED QU, inaul , tenance and establishment charges,it is earnestly The cllAritm AN :It is the decision of the committee The West Ham Union wrote pointin, .„..,'"oped that ths forthcoming ball will be well supported. I don't know whether it is irrevocable or not, urgency of the unemployed question held at the are pleased to state that the last Ball, which was Mr. BENT in moving the adoption of the minutes said amount of distress prevalent amongst . he was very sorry that the children were not to be pro- class, and requesting the Board to urge ' , Bucees e Parr Hall was a great financial and social vided with tooth brushes. The cost would he very Minister and the President of the Local Gu s. little-a matter of about 1 3-and he was satisfied that Board to legislate in the present autumn sessioe 1 anlmated Pictures at the Parr Hall. the provision of tooth brushes would save a great deal lines of providing useful productive wore for the s r -there it the a a complete change f o programme a of expense in dental operations. The increase of salary ployed workers. to Mr. Wright was considered by the committee and M k • One out of ever . M sate yme . y twenty wont ' Parr Hall this week, and the excellent pictures die- ' Mr. carried unanimously, as they were all agreed that he work. Pia .1. 3'ed serve to show the admirable resources of the had done his work in the best possible way. The Chairman: lam afraid there would a difficulty in e, 'CI . ndon Animated Picture Company. Large audiences Mrs. WILKINSON seconded, finding useful work. have again been the rule, and nothing but Praise of Mr. FURNESS said there was at least one dissentient Mr. Hallows: If we make work for the sake of mak- esv°ee`e : the entertainment has been heard. One of the most from the resolution increasing Mr. Wright's salary. ing it, unless it is useful work we shall be doing Station " notable pictures is entitled " Faust in Hadee " the He dissented from it not because he took exception to more fiarm than good. on hand • • " Mr. Wright's abilities as an administrator-he was an The Chairman: That is the difficulty all public bodies -colouring effects being wonderful. There are all n Saturdas t.-.- ideal. administratorhe establishment was in a h and t . have to face. It is all very well to ask them to find Alnds of humorous and pathetic subjects, variety perfect condition-but to his surgery because the granting of the work. hands and b foutb. being the first rule, and interest is welt maintained increase had been rushed. It was done almost in a Mr. Di k yne yme said he went to Bridge Foot, the e fo e ore-arm abou r a couple of hours. In addition to the pictures Miss panic. He suggested that the Board ought to be furnished Warrington, some weeks ago to find some labourers. He ri i ci 1. A AV' Charles A Li: is esena ateatu an, ...r. .,,,,,,n have appeared with particulars as to the amount paid in other Unions told them it was a very easy job and the pay would be depth down to the I. wound at the back ot :)1:i alternate nights in the Irish musical comedy act, and satisfy themselves that they were doing justice not 4s. a day, but of twelve or fourteen men, not one would length, also a wound on 'Under the shamrock " and the original operatic only to the superintendent but to the ratepayers as a accept. in length, and an incised. scene, "Dashing Duval, the night of the heath." wh le: He mervelirrthlitatt,tehe portion of the minutes Mr. Morris said he knew plenty of respectable men and fore-finger about tin. in 148 Sleath sins several songs in pleasing style.- referring to M ary. be sent back to the in Runcorn to-day who were walking about and would eof recent origin, and lied been The Company 1 • th • • 1 tclose t - pany ring their vim o a to -morrow for furthegr. Committee consideration, . Mr. EVANS seconded but on a vote being taken th be only too glad to work for 4s. a day if they could 0 get it. They were not all of the class Mr. Alynekyme ment. Higgins was suffering fr. (Sunday) evening, when there will be a sacred amendment was defeated by ten votes to seven, mentioned. veins were divided. Prisoner haa CD charges and was sent for trial at the teen. The pictures shown will include a fine series Mr. BENT gave notice that at the next Board meeting err. Islynekyme t lam speaking of Bridge Eoot '-‘ ' Sessions. e ?,1 the great Ober Ammergau Passion Play and he would move a special resolution confirming the Warrington. The Life of Samson." A. • •••11 b ppropriate songs will e increases of salary to Mr. Wright and Miss Bennett as Mr. Linaker : A special locality. te recommended by the Committee. Mr. Hallows : We have no right to spend people's nclerecl by Miss Helena Sleath. ST. HELENS Education Committee. Mr. JOLLEY then meved an amendment that the money for the sake of making work. minute with regard to tooth brushes he referred back. The Chairman: They want us to pester the poor -- . The monthly meeting of this authority will be held He contended that the matter was not a small one and Premier. I think he is pestered enough. LIFE IN ST. HELENS. at the T Hall •o'clock Monday evenin Te_ ownat six on g. the proposal ought to have been adopted long since. It was decided that Why the children, because they happened to be in a table. the letter should lie on the On Monday, Robert Shepherd (19), of Napier-str, was charged with assaulting a little girl named Agne eele Finance Committee recommend that application Poor Law school, should be deprived of a rational and NUMBER OF INMATES. Tinsley, aged under four years. The alleged offence '-'t made to the Leal Government Board for their proper means of keeping their mouths clean and i e n Ir. Spruce reported that the number of inmates of sa • took place on Friday last. Shepherd lives next door to sanction to the borrowing 2,975 to cover the order, he could not understand. the Workhouse was 174 as compared with 117 for the the little girl, and he decoyed her into the backyard, 74- ' cost of It re, the alterations to the Technical Institute.- M!. EVANS seconded: corresponding period last year. where they were discovered by the girls mother. O i`ue School Attendance Committee decided that the M B _Ass ROADBENT said the children already tried to STORES COMMITTEE. throu Shepherd's mother cvas stated by the Chief Constable , (le clean their teeth with blts of rag but it was impossible Itwas proposed that Messrs. Hallows, Davies,Barter, tenancy of Garven Cottage as a centre for the 2 to be in the workhouse infirmary owing to her drunken ,-",„--,;;„"es' to keep them in proper condition by that means. Mrs. Collins and Linaker jun., along with the Chairman and --, Preparation of meals for school children should habits ; and the youth lived in "most horrid surround- morale" deg et. ecennaenee on September 25th and accepted the tender risk'filkioni;octtatrhr thought there Letasrerticp ir on nUnt Og V!CO-ChaIITORI2 of the. louse Committee should con- ings."-The youth was put under the probation officer ti pbilosee-mehic stttute a a Standing Committee to Inspect the stores, for three years, and the father was bouud over in £5 to (4 ressrs. S. and F. Acton amounting to rf,6 Sc. for authoritythaty the p 11• d goo e risk was so small that it nee not be A Member : What about Mr. Alynekyrae ? He has the hour, but . improve the condition °Utile home. .le 'white • ng, painting &c., and that of Mr. J. A. considered, whereas the advantages were enormous. been inspecting stores lately. dream that seems. washi DID NOT UNDERSTAND IHE RULES. evangel. There was at -cS 10s for the erection of a nartition suenlv There was a very strong feeling in the town on the Mr. Morris • We are not expecting a wine cellar ok. and - - • 4, ' " - • * • •.' - " " John Smith " was given, at St. Helens on Monday, humanity but the ems. a, . fixing of shelving Sic. An advertisement is to be matter. this time. (Laughter.) a Issued inviting public subscriptions towards the cost of s.Purchasing- requisite- food. The S• d the e Sites an . tuldin 1 ~ tent gs Committee's minutes contain the announce- The CHAIRMAN: Would it not be a better plan to It was decided that Mr. Alynekyme's name be added supply them with tooth brushes Privately, if the resolu- to the committee, tion is lost? Aliss BROADBENT: Mr. Furness suggested they , eIF,Ct : " The resolutions of the Education Corn- should be supplied by the Brabazon Society, but I don't - iltee at their meeting on the 21st September, 1908 see why the Guardians should palm off their responsibili- - tvi - th reference to the provision of school accommoda- ties on to that organization. RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. as the name of an Austrian Pole, who was charged with In the evening Dr. Ca, lodging in the open air. "Smith " speaks broken text the words" All thine English, and has ideas of self-help which are founded My Father; neither knowet. on ' back to the land "principles, for Police-constable the Son, and he to whomsoeve The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Charlton said that early on Sunday morning he saw a Him. Come unto Me all ye that. the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. G. Pilling fire in one of the plantations near Sherdley Hall. He you Test. Take My yoke upon yoe presided and there were also present :-Messrs. T. went into the park, and found this man sitting behind for I aria meek and lowly in heart • Mr. FLANNAGAN said the Committee thought the Wright, C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, E. Britch, J. Stokes, a tree in front of the fire. "Smith " said he had come rest unto your souls. For My yoke is •-- in the Borough were submitted and noted." A. Broome, T. Baxter, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. from Manchester, and he was cold, and so he lit a fire, burden is light." (Matthew XL 27 to 30). e eye d- jr, Ington Women's Circle, Golborne-street. provision of tooth brushes would possibly result in more harm than good. The brushes might be exchanged Davies, L. Bolton, H. elawdsley, S. Woodward, S. He did not understand the rules •, but he had worked in mental and underlying teaching of the pase V ee-Lue meeting of this circle on Sunday was presided and become the means of conveying disease. If he Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, G. Wilson, J. a colliery at St. Helens. He had only been in England preacher, was that all restlessness was the o se s 'el• by Mrs. Broadhurst and amongst others who could be satisfied that each child had a separate brush Spruce, J. Renshaw, J. Hallows, W. Winstanley, C. E. a year.-" Smith " was sent to Walton for fourteen lack of knowledge of God. Jesus stood . -"foisted were Mrs J. S. Hughes. th Bates which could not be exchanged he would support the e Misses lanaker, jun., Admiral Jones Parry, J. B. Chadwick, A. days. Haining, T. Antwis, J. Mynekyme, G. F. Ashton (clerk), ALLEGED WORKHOUSE BUNGLE. midst of a restless, feverish age, whethet • e'er(' ltiss 1. Tynan.. thought of that in which He actually utterea I.9se The address was given byW. E. Hough (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical - J.proposal.Th CLERK • The Superintendent 'd h would The. . e.said e wou see George Taylor,'a St. Helens labourer, was brought up words or of this age in which He still uttered the . r 4 „... elan I onge who took as her subject the words , that the children kept their own brushes, officer of health), J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), before the magistrates on Monday on a warrant charg- He called men to Himself that they nigh, -kings and Priests." She gave an excellent lesson was carne by 13 votes to a... The amendment• d - " Wm. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors). ing him with being £22 10s. in debt to the Prescot find rest. But what was the rest that He offered them? . °la th • tes, , e duties of wives and mothers, and showed Miss : R ~.. -RoADDENT : I think that is one of the best NORLEY VICAR AND THE SCHOOL WATER SUPPLY. Board of Guardians for the maintenance of his That knowledge of God which, being possessed, con- t s' ee" it was the duty of every woman to rule her own things we have ever done. The Clerk load received tee following letter from the daughter. Taylor left the child in January, 1906, when strained men to submission to God, in which submission clu cle an e • the religious __a o_ her children. PENSIONS AND OUT-RELIEF. if. 01, ! d etude h l;f f b Rev. C. R. Nunn, Vicar of Norley, dated October sth. 1903. Dear sir,-Returned home on Saturday last and she was eight years old. In November of the same rest was to be felt. No words that ever fell from the there ae ,eedience and the habit of prayer for and with the MRS. WILKINSON'S PROPOSITION OUT or ORDER. - year he was brought before the magistrates and given lips of Jesus had made a profounder impression on the abolish e,aildren was especially ehaeieed. Miss Maggie Mrs. WILKINSON had given notice of the following have received notice to lay on water to the school in time in which to take the child out.-Taylor said that heart of humanity than these. All ages, all climes, all Mr. F. kl,e9wood sang "he coming of the Kin„ ~ ~,,cr the- resolution: "That all persons receiving relief from this 14 days. telew apart from the fact that pure water of he went on seven Saturdays for his child, and the work- conditions, all castes were attracted by them. Why? the Indeps. eaoi -- - ,•e_ - Union, and having no other disqualification for Old Age good quality is supplied fresh every day, contained in house people could not find her. They did not know The answer that came most readily was "The simplicity disclaimed se,, lee r gave" Let the Saviour in," Misses Bather and I Pension shall, after the first day of January 1909, a closed and daily cleansed receptacle, and more in whether she was at the workhouse in Fazakerley Homes of them" and yet that was not altogether a sufficieat but had they e erne f-• es • y tm‘ing the duet. Miss Shaw contributed two l receive 'eve shillings per week for each single 's ever re uired if must be known that person. qaantity than i q ~ s , . _or at Pantasaph. They promised to let him know when answer. There was a simplicity which was the the hundreds of t ecitations. and eight shillings per week in the case of married we are about to commence building operations when the they found her, but he had net been notified. He pro- simplicity of superficiality. These words had retained went up to London --ec, best arrangement of supplying the Liverpool water toAs to mining royaltie n Tuesday evening, a most interesting meeting couples." duced a letter dated January last,which bore out their • 1 freshness • perennial through nineteen cen- ts-as h CnirrtmAls :I am advised by the Clerk that the the school as a complete whole will be considered and his statement .-Mr. Richardson,officer,to appropriate only a h r. relieving asked tunes, and while to-day they were translated , , . p held with Captain Appleton in the chair. Miss The . . . . ' carried out. I therefore venture to ask if the Council *---",reacia otrust to allow I, e erks of the Soldiers' Homes t fth , gave an account o e resolution is not quite in order. for a remand so that the whole case could be properly into 400 different languages, wherever they " will allow this matter to stand over a time in order investigated.-The magistrates agreed. went they still made their appeal. If tile into the pockets of people ‘ I: "igi ' , bod n and progress of her work, and charmed every- I ask. Mrs. WILKINSON : Why not in order, I should like to that in view of the new room to be built and improve- simplicity were that of superficiality, the charm wourld because they really belonges. . se y with her story of its growth and usefulness.- 1 The CLERK said the reason why the resolution was !stouts made the plan of supply may be of the most soon wear away. There was, however, a simplicity sorry the taxation of land ve 1•• •tiev er • J. Yonge offered prayer ; Alderman Bennett, not in order was because the Guardians could not bind convenient and adequate kind.-P.S. We are having a had been because itrepeatedly pre of sublimity and that was what he found in these words. -eessrs J 1 ch... . ames Dodds and John Upson supported the , themselves to a fixed amount when granting out-door me° g,, tin within a week to consider the building of new . OUR LOCAL CHURCHESI " For myself " continued the preacher " I would lay nay ment. If they dealt with the matte seeir. The speeches were all so practical and appro- : relief. The question which the Guardians had to con- rOCIIOS, OX. hands on this passage and call it the supreme and final no doubt be sent back by the Lords. vilate that distinctions bell Walter ' eider was destitution and they had to deal with each can made. -r. Mr. Woodward said that so far as he knew, until the -- proof-text of the absolute deity of the Lord Jesus. It ing the cup " might be very good, but it '• ellease on its merits. The resolution would commit the previous evening, no managers' meeting had been held St. Luke's Church. contains not in detailed exposition but in germ and manship, and the Government should is a threeno " Guiding Light" "The Banner-1 songs which the notice could have been considered by the 'their proposals in the Budget. (Applause.) --`an " and "The L Chord" tfinal touch f Lostput theo 1 . . Guardians to a fixed sum and there would be no at The harvest festival services at the above church principle the whole law and gospel of the great God sUecee consideration whatever. Under those circumstances it managers, but it had been entirely dealt with by the . were commenced on Thursday evening when there was and ef our Saviour Jesus Christ." Thomason why this Mr. AieDertmin (Paisley) waxed humor°. ~ ,ato a delightful evening, would be offensive. The opinion of the Local Govern- corresponding manager without any reference to the la large congreeation. The church was handsomely call of Jesus had made such an appeal to humanity and the " roboing of hen roasts" by the Governme. 14001 Examination Results. ment Board had been asked and that authority did not will of the managers at all. He recommended that the decorated with 'flowers, fruit, and cereals and much still does, was that here deep calleth unto deep. It was an have been told" he said" that the demand for b. consider it would be a proper exercise of the power of compunication be forwarded to the.education adminis- credit is due to the ladies who undertook the work. aPpeal to leave that which was false and find the way into wire and other accessories for the protection of tre A. summer f h 1 f h • ' •yo t e resu ts o t e examinations na 1 the Guardians to order a fixed weekly sum as out-relief trative sub-committee for the district. • humble abodes of roosters has been excessive in th. kieeee , The Rev. G. C. Briggs Vicar of Christ Church, Latch- the true, to depart from the region of ruin and to enter 1007 , art, commerce or other subjects for the session 1 ito all persons above a certain age. The amount of Mr. Linaker : Was the subject of the letter dealt ford, occup.led the pulpit, and there was s ecial music into the realms of realisation by redemption. In ever P Y district, and in some parts, especially near the place -8 with a comparison with the results of the relief to be given should be determined by the with by the managers last evening? by the choir, life there was a master passion and that constituted the where the Chancellor resides, they have assumed alarm- 1, Prejv Ilse,. ous session , has just been prepared for submis- necessities of each case. Mr. Woodward : I cannot tell you. • Wycliffe Cockhedge Mission. burden. In other words the burden and responsibility lug proportions, something after the style of the block tits el4loll to the Education Coaamtttee. In the science Mr. WILKINSON : Some Boards have done it. The proposition was agreed to. of life might be noble or ignoble, beautiful or base houses in the late war." (Laughter.) Mr. McDermid I The f, eeCLERK: losinations conducted by the Board of Education, Thc I agree that some Boards have done it; THE REGULATION OF SLAUGHTER HOUSES. Harvest thanksgiving services were held at this magnificent or mean. The master passion of the life of said he welcomed the proposals for the abolition of Bee res many Boards have done wrong. I should say that it The Council resolved " That application be mode .t° nlissi°nr BriOk-Streett on SundaY, When the preacher at Jesus was to do the will of God and in the text eons taxes on the articles of food enumerated in the Budget Town CI, ,t!.-, sat for examination, representing 50 per cent. of " el will be a question for the Government auditor to deal the Local Government Beard for an order ender section ' all the services was the Rev. J. B. Lan.eiey,of Kirkham. declared that the easiest thing in the world was to please -in fact he claimed that it was part of his party's Local Coin s,e,. ass entries, 111 passed and 61 failed. Last . 246 of the Public Health Act, 1873, investing the Rural The sacred edifice !add been prettily decorated with God "1 scheme-but where they differed was as to the means of . with. We can do many t 1 'rags that are opposed to would rather have to please C-od for a year," s - , -4r 191 43.9 per cent. were examined, 129 Clearly • District Council with the fth d and ' corn, flowers and fruit d• • powers o e second presented a pleasing appearance. raising the revenue. •V\ hen the Chancellor came to that or r orders but we have to run the risk. this is asaid the preacher, " thaa any of you for a week. I am rittl',Tl and 62 failed. In art subjects 103 of 183 'letter from the Local Government Beard who tell you 'on There were good third paragraphs of section 169 and the whole of sect g congregetions, and the discourses of quite sure you would be as reasonable as you could, but question, he discarded the hen roost robber's costume ROI,. s dents in the school were examined, 80 passed and it is not the proper thing for Guardians to do, and 140 of the publie Health Act, 1375 ; also for an order , the rev, gentleman were-listened to with great interest, von would not be as reasonable as God or as patient." and assumed the character of the valiant highwayman. pas:l.l,.ed. Last year 67 out of 116 were examined, 58 under those circumstances I think I must be right in investing the said Council with the powers of sections , The special music was a very. attractive feature, and 'r eesus Christ divided humanity into two camps-men He set out to rob the living and plunder the dead. " Men, 29, 30 and 31 of the Public Health Acts Amendment reflected credit upon the choir. th e'l and 0 failed. In the examinations of saying the resolution is not in order. whose burden was the will of God and men whose (Laughter.) air. MeDermid emphasised the necessity „e' Cit ' 1 I • 9 -0,„ 3' and Guilds of London Institute '... e Airs. WILKINSON: I think it is most unjust for any- Act 1590." s• _ 1 Legh-Street Primitive Methodist Church. burden was their own desire, the self-centred and the for dealing with unemployment at its source and claimed Patrons of the Roya, I --Teted ast >5l passed and 41 failed, as agains • • t body to be deprived of any advantages owing to having It was intimated that the Council had made app Ica God-centred life, and there was no middle "Come that his party had put forward a practicable scheme another treat next week w rtatra date. If We CalillOt alter tion to the Board for an order investing them with the , The Christian Endeavour anniversary WAS celebrated path. , been poor p'o t unto Me," 'd Ch ' t " C 1i ta was more constitutional than the methods pro- ` ' company, bv arrangement w. f ate seseion's figures : 72 examined, 40 passed such cruel ITtliv; we can those who are made to Powers of section 128 of the Towns Improvement at this church on S'unday, when Mr. J. \V. Jenkinson of , man got tr hris.istil,ronout,,h. Church;th,eanto Church.' No might posed in the Budget. will present' " Merely Mary At, ' 608 ,26 failed. At the Technical Institute I suffer by them through no fault of their own. Clauses Act 1840, which relates to slaughter houses, and , Hartley College, preached. In the evening the choir get to the Church through Christ. 'om eaunintlon .t " Mr. E. WYNNE JONES (Foreign Secretary) said that comedy in four acts by I. Zan 9 CI o'l the 1,145 students sat for the Lancashire and ' The ceeraie ; If the Guardians wish to consider the the Board suggested the adoption of the above rendered the anthem "The radiant morn," and miss A. -there was no room f "Your after last week's admission from the Opposition things or any middle man there. eshir r,- mentioned clauses which incozorate section 123 and Brid e eve a solo ' "comes from the Duke of York's Th, 1 paas 0 union of Institutes examinations, 531 ' matter at some future date-because it seems rather , . g g entitled The glorious city." In the soul to Christ," said the preacher. "Everyone else could hardly be moving pleasantly in that quarter. The and 77 failed Last year the figures were: also enlarge thepowers f h respect to - 1 hard I should have to say it is out of order-I have o the ouncil with afternoon the Junior Christian Endeavourers held their swept out of the way pLeader f the Oppositiob said he would tax beer up to is an excellent one, including sever:. . Priest and preacher too, at one 0 ' fide • •slaughter houses. 'their anniversary when they contributed an exercise led point must depart." the very hilt, and they hoped he had not hail a very bad siderable repute. Miss Jessica Solomo. s. r nts In classes, 1,260 ; number examined, 507 • drafted a resolution which they might discuss, shoed els i 483; failed, 81. The Branch Technical i - eol Mr. JOLLEY : I think we ought to discuss this . resolution or nothing. Let notice be given if any fresh The Isolation Hospital DR. BOWER'S SALARY. I by Miss Baglase. Mr. Jenkinson gave an excellent Committee recommended that address and Mr. 11. J. Billington presided, assisted by time on that account. (Laughter.) Ile also said he would tax everything that was injurious. That was the as " Mary Ann, merely," Mr. Paul Lovett , a composer, Mr. Herbert Greville as Lord 1., tee 8 entered 541 of their 861 students for the I matter is to be brought forward the salary of Dr. Bower be increased from £75 to £llO Mr. J. Lander. The services were concluded on Mon- iit reason why the Chancellor of tae Exchequer was going , pas eashire and Cheshire Institutes examinations, 424 M C . h • d per annum, on condition that he would arrange for a day evening when the society received a visit from the "'ness of Mrs. W. Plerpoint. of the Automobile Club, and Miss Clrace L. ... , i r. W. . BROOKS : What would be t e increase to tax the very rich. They were injurious; at any rate, [ Rode- 'Ol9 11.7 failed. Last session there were 937 !amount on the rates if this were adopted ? telephone to be installed in his house. 1 President of the Union (Rev. J. L. Milne). Mr. A, Our readers will regret to hear that Mrs. Pierpointt they were not conducive to the welfare of the country. Rowena. The play is sure to provide a c., nts Woodward, in moving the adoption of the report, Spruce Mr. . g was the conductor and Mr. B. Clatworthy, the wife of Alderman Pierpoint, J.P., is lying seriously Far from capital being driven from the country, it was evening's amusement and there 'should be crows pees_ , in the schosls, 379 were examined, 331 1 The CLERK submitted the following statement :- "en and 48 failed. pointed out that the proviston of a telephone would organist. ill at her residence, Derbe-road, St. Annes-on-Sea. [being attracted here, and he had a list of Efteen large houses. • , • .

===== 0002601_19081017_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, October 17, 1908.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES,

Wesleyan Bible Class League. I I We would call the attention of our readers to the , visit to Bold-street on Thursday evening next of the ! Rev. H. Maldwyn Hughes, 8.A..8.D., who will lecture I CHARGES OF THEFT AT WIDNES. under the auspices of the Wesleyan Methodist Bible Mary Simmons and Mary Backolouch were charged Class League. Mr. Hughes is one of the ablest young at the Widnes Police Court on Monday. with stealing men in Methodism. As a student he has had a from valued Da at a NT GtLskpelrle'ps property of t- 0 ; 11 quantityfnted Aloiftel timberete . Corn- brilliant career. He is deeply interested in modern pany. Both prisoners were charged the week before social questions and brings to their solution wide read- with stealing from the same place, and were fined 20s. ing and keen logic. He is one of the recognised and costs, which they had not paid. Prisoners were leaders of the Methodist Union for Social Service, each fined 40s. or in default a month.—Mary Smith and TheiConference of 1907 strongly urged him to succeed Grace Standish were each fined ss. and costs, for the Rev. J, E. Rattenbury at Nottingharn,atid it was a stealing a quantity of coke, ' coal, and a sack, the pro- perty of the United Alkali Company, on the 10th of this -3 great disa, ppointment to many when he declined the with from Deacon-Gaskell's works. invitation. OUGHT TO HAVE PULLED UP. Pemberton v. Mainwaring. MOTORING VARIS FY ARTISTE PAYS P ursuant to an order of the Court of Chancery cf DAMAGES. ..„40 County Palatine of Lancaster in the action of At Runcorn County Court, on Tuesday, Robert Arthur Pe4mberton v. Mainwaring, a sale by auction of vain- , Hartley, a music hall artiste, tsho performs with his wife able ground rents in Latchford was announced to be under the title of the Hartley Wonders, was sued by held at the Lion Hotel, Warrington, on Wednesday Agnes Kirk, the wife of a railway platelayer at Sutton Weaver, fore4o.seLdtimreves fir); personal injuries sustained defendant's 1'; t h motor. last. of good bus ..ness being done, but about three-quarters s ell being.nl i Chester-road, Sutton, eon of an hour after th e time fixed for the sale the auctioneer I—The1—The evidence was that plaintiff and a friend named (Mr. A. H. Clive) ag as instructed to declare that the , Miss Hayes were c'cling to Frodsham. Approaching a action had been settled and there would be no sale. ,turn-bridge over the Weaver Canal, there were slurry, a This decision was come to after considerable negotia- cart, and a traction engine ahead. Plaintiff, turning 1 tion, both the parties and their solicitors being present. her head, saw the defendant's motor car coming behind, and she screamed " Mind, Polly," and Miss Hayes The solicitors acting in the matter were Messrs. , ! turned on to the grass and was upset. Plaintiff went Forshaw and Forshaw, Suez-street, W arrington, and to the left in front of the leading horse of the lorry, Messrs. Arthur S. Mather and Son, 13, Harri ngton I and within three feet of the footpath, but the motor-car street, Liverpool. I followed her, knocked her down on her face, Death of a Former Warrington Minister, and ran over her. She sustained serious injuries, I was in bed three weeks, and was ill the care of a 1 Our readers will regret to hear of the death of the doctor until a week ago. Her bicycle was mangled. Rev. J. Calvert, which took place on September 30th, The defence was that it Was a pure accident, and that at Norfolk, U.S.A. He had gone tiere from Pittsboro' defendant exercised every care. When he saw the where he was tempararily residing, to undergo an vehicles in front he shut off his engines, applied both operation. The operation was apparently successful, his brakes, and sounded his hooter all the way down 1 but unfortunately pneumonia supervened, and he ; the road. He avoided Miss Hayes by a few inches, ' and had he not taken the course he passed away on the data mentioned after an ' I did he was bound to have collided with illness of two months. The late rev, gentleman her. The claim was greatly exaggerated. His will be remembered by many local friends as Honour said, that the fact that defendant sounded once the superintendent minister of the Circuit the hooter did not justify him in thinking that he had a that the Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church , right to ride on and sweep all and sundry away. He ! must have seen danger ahead, and had he not been is connected with. It is over twenty years since he lc thwas , guilty of 13eaniefeestuctiereLessnesselrdwould lAravve topped left the town of Warrington for Manchester, where v.Ce3opdameagea!hand coesrts,w which after a short term of service, he had to give up the his given for r the plaintiff for active work of the ministry owing to considerations , nclude a second doctor's certifying fee, of health. The last few years of his life he had passed to and from this side of the Atlantic, living RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of with his iamily, and now at a ripe age he has been Guardians was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, laid to rest in the same grave as his wife, who pre- Mr.T. Baxter Th presiding. ere were also present : deceased him nine years ago. Messrs. J. Spruce, C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, E. Brach, J. Stokes, A. Broome, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, L. 80l ton, T. Wright, H. Mawdslev, S. Woodward, G. Pilling, J. L. Jones, S. Horton, *E. Bretherton, G. Watson, S. Taylor, T. Wood, J. Renshaw, J. Hallows, J. Mynekyme, W. Winstanley, C. E. Linaker, jun., Admiral J. P. Jones Parry, J. E. Chadwick, A. Haining, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), T. Cook, J. Pearson, W. R. dePrez (relieving officers), and T. D. Rollinson (master.) OLD AGE PEZCSIONS. The Clerk read a circular letter from the Local Government Board with respect to the Old Age Pensions Act pointing out that it was provided under the regula- tions that for the purpose of enabling a pension officer to ascertain whether any person was disqualified by reason of the receipt of poor relief from receiving or continuing to receive a pension, every officer or person acting in the administration of the relief of the poor should, if so requested to do by. the pension officer supply to the pension officer such information as it was in his power to give. Special remuneration couldi be allowed by the Guardians if necessary. Mr. Woodward : I presume the Clerk will supply all information and if it should entail a largo amouut of clerical work, lam sure the Board will be willing to consider the question of remuneration when the facts are before them. The Clerk : I will mention it under those circum- stances.

TIIE LADIES' _COMMITTEE.

The Clerk read the following letter :-" Halton Vicarage, Runcorn. Dear Sir,—Will you kindly thank the Board of Guardians for asking me to become a member of the Dutton Workhouse Ladies Visiting Committee and say that I am sorry I am unable to accept.—Yours truly, GRACE GREENHAM."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
.TIIE:UNEMPLOYED QUESTION.

,1 The West Ham Union wrote pointing out the extreme urgency of the unemployed question and the great amount of distress prevalent amongst the working- class, and requesting the Board to urge the Prime Minister and the President of the Local Government Board to legislate in the present autumn session on the lines of providing useful productive worx for the unem- ployed workers. Mr. Mynekyme : One out of every twenty would work.

The Chairman: I am afraid there would a difficulty in finding useful work. Mr. Hallows: If we make work for the sake of mak- ing it, unless it is useful work we shall be doing more Berm than good. The Chairman: That is the dillieulty all public bodies have to face. It is all very well to ask them to find work.

Mr. Mynekyme said he went to Bridge Foot, Warrington, some weeks ago to Had some labourers. He told them it was a very easy job and the pay would be 4s. a day, but of twelve or fourteen men, not one would accept. Mr. Morris said he knew plenty of respectable men in Runcorn to-day who were walking about and would be only too glad to work for 4s. a day if they could get it. They were not all of the class Mr. Mynekyme mentioned. Mr. Mynekyme : I am speaking of Bridge Eoot, Warrington. Mr. Linaker : A special locality. Mr. Hallows : We have no right to spend people's money for the sake of making work. The Chairman: They want us to pester the poor Premier. I think he is pestered enough. It was decided that the letter should lie on the table.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NUMBER. OF _INMATES.

Mr. Spruce reported that the number of inmates of the Workhouse was 174 as compared with 117 for the corresponding period last year. STORES COMMITTEE.

It was proposed that Messrs. Hallows, Davies,Barter, Collins and Linaker jun., along with the Chairman and Vice-chairman of the House Committee should con- stitute a a Standing Committee to inspect the stores. A Member : What about Mr. Mynekyrae ? He has been inspecting stores lately. Mr. Morris : We are not expecting a wine cellar this time. (Laughter.) It was decided that Mr. Mynekyme's name be added to the committee.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. G. Pilling presided and there were also present :—Messrs. T. Wright, C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, E. Britch, J. Stokes, A. Broome, T. Baxter, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, L. Bolton, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, G. Wilson, J. Spruce, J. Renshaw, J. Hallows, W. Winstanley, C. E. Linker, jun., Admiral Jones Parry, J. B. Chadwick, A. Haining, T. Antwis, J. Mynekyme, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), Wm. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors).

NORLE7 VICAR AND THE kIIOOI7. WATER SUPPLY. The Clerk had received tLe following letter from the Rev. C. It. Nunn, Vicar of Norley, dated October 3th. 1903. Dear sir,—lZeturned home on Saturday last and have received notice to lay on water to the school in 14 days. Now apart from the fact that pure water of good quality is supplied fresh every day, contained in a closed and daily cleansed receptacle, and more in quantity than is ever required, it must be known that we are about to commence building'operations when the best arrangement of supplying the Liverpool water to the school as a complete whole will be considered and carried out. I therefore venture to ask if the Council will allow this matter to stand over a time in order that in view of the new room to be built and improve- ments made the plan of supply may be of the most convenient and adequate kind.—P.S. We are having a meeting within a week to consider the building of new rooms, &c. Mr. Woodward said that so far as he knew, until the previous evening, no managers meeting had been held at which the notice could have been considered by the managers, but it had been entirely dealt with by the corresponding manager without any reference to the will of the managers at all. He recommended that the communication be forwarded to the education adminis- trative sub-committee for the district. • Mr. Linaker : Was the subject of the letter dealt with by the managers last evening? Mr, Woodward : I cannot tell you.

The proposition was agreed to. THE REGULATION OF SLAUGHTER HOUSES. The Council resolved" That application be made to the Local Government Bcs.rd for an order under section 276 of the Public Health Act, 1873, investing the Rural District Council with the powers of the second and third paragraphs of section 169 and the whole of section 170 of the Public Health Act, 1373 ; also for an order investing the said Council with the powers of sections 29, 30 and 31 of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act 1390." _ _

It was intimated that the Council had made applica- tion to the Board for an order investing them with the powers of section 128 of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act 1840, which relates to slaughter houses, and the Board suggested the adoption of the above mentioned clauses, which incorporate section 123 and also enlarge the powers of the Council with respect to slaughter houses.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
... DR. BOWER'S SA.LIRY.

The Isolation Hospital Committee recommended that the salary of Dr. Bower be increased from £75 to £llO per annum, on condition that he would arrange for a telephone to be installed in his house. Mr. Woodward, in moving the adoption of the report, pointed out that the provision of a telephone would

HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. Dr. Adams reported that the only cases of infectious disease notified during thd fortnight were two of scarlet fever.

cost about £2O, so that the actual advance to Dr. Present number of cases, 70 years of age and upwards, ; Bower would be only £l5, which his past services well relieved singly, 163 ; present number of cases, 70 years merited, of age and upwards, married couples, 21 ; present Mr. Wright seconded. number of cases,married couples' one party only 70 years Mr. Linaker moved that the recommendation be and upwards, 13 ; present yearly cost, say, £1,560 ; referred back, suggesting that au advance to £95 would estimated yearly cost allowing ss. per week to single be ample. cases and Ss. per week to married couples where both Mr. Bolton seconded, hut after discussien the amend- parties are 70 years of age or over, say, £2,790 ; raent was defeated by 17 votes to 7, and the Committee's estimated increase' £930. A number may, owing to recommendation was confirmed. I reasons other than being in receipt of Poor Law relief, . . .

be ineligible under th; Old Agne Pensions Act. At present there are 13 cases receiving ss. and upwards per week each, and one married couple receiving 10s. per week. Mr. EVANS said that whatever their sympathies might be, he suggested that in the interests of the Board and to further the object in view, Mrs. Wilkin- son might let the matter drop now and re-introduce it by means of a resolution drafted by the Clerk or someone else. The matter then dropped. The CLERK read a circular letter from the Local Government Board with respect to the Old Age Pensions Act pointing out that it was provided under the regulations that for the purpose of enabling a pension officer to ascertain whether any person was disqualified by reason of receipt of poor relief from receiving or continuing to receive a pension, every officer or person acting in the administration of the relief of the poor should, if so requested to do by the pension officer, supply to the pension officer such information as it was in his power to give. Special remuneration could be allowed by the Guardians if , necessary but the pensions officers had no funds at their !disposal. The CLERK added that he had received from the pensions officers a list of 317 names. ' Mr. EVANS said he presumed that after the first appli- cants had been dealt with, the number of claims would be considerably less. He believed the call upon reliev- ing officers for information would be very large, and if that were so it was only reasonable that the granting of extra pay should be considered by lie Guardians. TIIE BRABAZON SCHEME. _ -

A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Brabazon a dies for their work during the past year, on the pro- position of Mr. BILLIEGE, seconded by Mr. FURNESS. Mr. FURNESS expressed the opinion that the Society's sphere of usefulness would be enlarged if the members of the Board were taken more into confidence as to the (moral details of the Society's procedure. Of course, he Guardians had no fault to find with the works Miss BROADBENT said she would be pleased to tell the Guardians anything they liked to know about the work of the society at any time. VIE ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE.

The Board then proceeded to fill the vacancy on the Assessment Committee caused by the retirement of Mc. S. Davies. Two members were nominated—Mr. IL Bolton and Mr. W. C. Brooks—and Mr. Bolton was elected by 10 votes to 3. VOTE OF SYMPATI7Y.

A letter was read from Mr. W. Furness expressing,on ehalf of his mother and members of the family, their porechtion of the vote of symplthy pissed by the House Committee in their recent bereavement. THE UNEMPLOYED QUESTION.

The West Ham Union wrote pointing out the extreme urgency of the unemployed question and the great amount of distress prevalent amongst the working class, and requesting the Board to urge the Prime Minister and the President of the Local Government Board to legislate in the present autumn session on the lines of providing useful productive work for the unem- ployed workers. The CLERK said this was a big question and they could not swallow it in a moment. The letter was referred to the House Committee. THE YEW GUARDIAN.

Mr. Robert Lee, the newly elected representative of Howley Ward, was heartily welcomed by the Chairman and other members of the Board and appointed a ment• her of the House Committee and the Cottage Homes Committee. Mr. LEE in returning thanks said he would endeavour to be as fair and truthful as he could and to do his utmost to advance the work of the Board.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

A SOCIALIST CANDIDATE. The Earlestown Socialist Society have adopted Mr. Rowland King as their candidate to contest the War- grave Ward at the next Urban District Council election. FATAL FALL FROM. A SWINGBOAT. William Ellis, a tinsmith, employed at the London and North-Western Waggon Works, and residing at Lawrence-street, Earlestown, died on Tuesday at the Royal Infirmary, Liverpool, from injuries sustained through falling from a swingboat on the Market-place, Earlestown. . _

—The inquest was held at the Liverpool Coroner's Court on tVednesday.—lt appeared that the deceased, while the boat was in motion, fell off his seat on to the edge of another bort, awl was then thrown back. He sustained serious internal injuries, and he was operated upon at the Royal Infirmary, Liverpool, but died on Tuesday.—The jury found that death was acci- dental. MERIT CERTIFICA I'ES.

In the regulali-on-s-for-inerit--c-ei'ilfic-ates awarded by the Lancashire Comity Council it is stated that : "The merit certificate is intended as an incentive to the elementary school pupil and as something to be regarded by him as an object of ambition just as a university degree or diploma is sought after in other branches of education. It will also serve as a standard of qualifi- cation which can be recognized and understood by parents, teachers, employers, and the public generally. The following pupils from the Earlestown District School have been successful in the first examination for merit certificates : Alfred A. Fazakerley, Ellen Appleton, Louisa Dale, Albert Wright, Caroline M. F. Duncan, Rhoda W. Jones, Frank B. Berry, Esther Horsley, Lilian Hall, Alice Hill, Ashby, C. Mounsey, Elizabeth Halton' R Elsie S. FAB°, Edith L. Arawdsley, Edith E. Appleton, Clarence Shallcross, Earlestowu Wesleyan School. Merit certificates : James Owen, Herbert Bunting, Walter Ashcroft, Herbert Lane, and Wilfred Henman. MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE AT EARLESTOVi7N. _ _ _

At Earlestown, on Tuesday, Henry Billinge, Old-road, Latchford, was charged with breaking into the offices of the Vulcan Foundry, Limited, at Earlestown, and with wounding John Higgins, the night watchman. It is alleged that on September 25th last, Higgins was going his round of the works shortly after midnight, when he discovered the prisoner hiding in one of the offices, an entrance having been affected through a window. The prisoner who walked in his stocking feet, quietly submitted to capture, but whilst Higgins was sending for the police he savagely attacked him with a latge knife, stabbing him in the hand and arm, and inflicting live ugly wounds. Having overcome the watchman and taken his keys, prisoner made good his escape. All attempts to trace Billinge failed until Monday, when he was detained by the Rawtenstall police on a charge of theft. A remand to Warrington Ivas granted. Billinge was again brought up at the Warrington Occasional Court on Wednesday, before Mr. White.— John Higgins a night watchman of the Vulcan Foundry said he was going round the offices at 11.15 p.m. and went lathe general offices. He there found the prisoner in a crouching position underneath a desk. Prisoner was in his stocking feet. Witness asked him what he was doing there and he replied that he was having a rest, he told witness that he formerly worked at the Vulcan, and asked him to give him another chance. Witness asked him how he go in and he said he came in while a clerk was going out. Witness told defendant to put his clogs on, and he then took him to the lodge. Witness then told a work- man named Thomas Brockley to go and bring a police officer. After Brockley had gone witness locked the lodge door. Prisoner then asked if witness was going to let him go, and he replied that he had sent for a policeman. Prisoner then caught hold of witness and they struggled for three or four minutes. While struggling, the defendant pulled out a knife, resembling a shoemaker's knife, and attempted to stab witness in the face and chest, but witness warded off the blows with his hands. In consequence witness' hands were badly cut. Witness then became exhausted and the prisoner procured the keys which had fallen on the floor during the struggle, unlocked the door and escaped. Witness followed him but lost sight of him through the darkness. HS afterwards examined the premises in company with P.C. Lambert and found that a pane of glass immediately over a sash catch had been broken, and the catch pushed back. He also found that a drawer had been tampered with by cutting the woodwork around the lock with a knife. Witness next saw the prisoner at Rawtenstall Police Station and identified him from six other men. —Doctor Lathom of Earlestown, stated that at 1.30 it.na on Saturday, September 2tith,John Higgins was brought to his surgery by P.C. Lambert. He examined his hands and found he bade incised wound at the back of the fore-arm about 31 to 4in. in length extending in depth down to the bone. Higgins had also an incised wound at the back of the right thumb about 11in. in length, also a wound on the right wrist joint about 3in. in length, and an incised wound between the left thumb %and fore-finger about 4in. in length. The wounds were of recent origin, and had been caused by a sharp instru- ment. Higgins was suffering from shock. Some of the veins were divided. Prisoner had nothing to say to the charges and was sent for trial at the Preston Quarter Sessions.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

LIFE IN ST. HELENS.

On Monday, Robert Shepherd (1.11), of Napier-street, was charged with assaulting a little girl named Agnes Tinsley, aged under four years. The alleged offence took place on Friday last. Shepherd lives next door to the little girl, and he decoyed her into the backyard, where they were discovered by the girls mother. Shepherd's mother cvas stated by the Chief Constable to be in the workhouse infirmary owing to her drunken habits ; and the youth lived in most horrid surround- ings."—The youth was put under the probation officer for three years, and the father was bound over in £5 to improve the condition of`the home.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
DID OT UNDERSTAND IRE RULES.

_ " John Smith " was given, at St. Helens on Monday, as the name of an Austrian Pole who was charged with lodging in the open air. " Pole, " speaks broken English, and has ideas of self-help which are founded on back to the land "principles, for Police-constable ' Charlton said that early on Sunday morning he saw a fire in one of the plantations near Sherdley Hall. He went into the park, and found this man sitting behind a tree in front of the fire. " Smith " said he had come Irons Manchester, and he was cold, and so he lit a fire. He did not understand the rules •, but he had worked in a colliery at St. Helens. He had only been in England a year.— Smith " was sent to Walton for fourteen days. ALLEGED WORKHOUSE BUNGLE.

George Taylor,'a St. Helens labourer, was up before the magistrates on Monday on a warrant charg- ing him with being £22 10s. in debt to the Prescot Board of Guardians for the maintenance of his daughter. Taylor left the child in January, 1900, when she was eight years old. In November of the same year he was brought before the magistrates and given time in which to take the child out.—Taylor said that he went on seven Saturdays for his child, and the work- house people could not find her. They did not know whether she was at the workhouse in Fazakerley Homes or at Pautasaph. They promised to let him know when they found her, but he had not been notified. He pro- duced a letter dated January last year, which bore out his statement.—Mr. Richardson, relieving officer, asked for a remand so that the whole case could be properly investigated.—The magistrates agreed.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
. OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St. Luke's Church.

The harvest festival services at the above church were commenced on Thursday evening when there was a large congregation. The church was handsomely decorated with flowers, fruit, and cereals and much credit is due to the ladies who undertook the work. The Rev. G. C. Briggs Vicar of Christ Church, Latch- ford, occupied the pulpit, and there was special music by the choir. Wycliffe Cockhedge Mission.

Harvest thanksgiving service; were held at this mission, Brick-street, on Sunday, when the preacher at all the services was the Rev. J. S. Langley,of Kirkham. The sacred edifice ladd been prettily decorated with corn, flowers and fruit presented a pleasing appearance. There were good congregations, and the discourses of the rev, gentleman were listened to with great interest. The special music was a very attractive feature, and reflected credit upon the choir.

Legh-Street Primitive Methodist Church. The Christian Endeavour anniversary was celebrated at this church on Sunday, when Mr. J. \V. Jenkinson, of Hartley College, preached. In the evening the choir rendered the anthem "The radiant morn," and Miss A. Bridge gave a solo entitled "The glorious city." In the afternoon the Junior Christian Endeavourers held their their anniversary when they contributed an exercise led by Miss Baglass. Mr. Jenkinson gave an excellent address and Mr. H. J. Billington presided, assisted by Mr. J. Landor. The services were concluded on Mon- day evening when the society received a visit from the President of the Union (Rev. J. L. Milne). Mr. A. Spruce was the conductor and Mr. B. Clatworthy, the Organist.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. CAMPBELL MORGAN. -- VISIT TO WYCLIFFE CHURCH.

Warrington was yesterday honoured with a visit from the Rev. G. Campbell Morgan, D.D., the eminent preacher, of London, who occupied the pulpit at Wycliffe Congregational Church in the afternoon and evening. Tall and somewhat ascetic in appearance, the rev, gentleman combines scholarly Biblical exposition with evangelical fervour, and his discourses were listened to with keen interest by large congregations *which included representatives of many denominations. In the afternoon the preacher based his sermon on the part that mountains played in the lifo of Christ. It was on the mountain that Jesus proclaimed what some people termed the Sermon on the Mount but what he preferred to call the Manifesto of the King. Never perhaps had that sermon obtained so much attention as it did at the present time. Men were pointing to that sermon as containing the ethic which ought to guide and dominate all civic, national and racial life. They were perfectly right, said the preacher, i but unfortun- ately they forgot that the only way n which that ethic could be applied to national and civic life was to apply it to individual life. The ethic of the Sermon on the Mount was unattainable apart from the dynamic of the Cross. The Mount of Transfiguration marked the culmination of the humanity of Christ. There Christ became what God originally intended man to be. The other mountain to which the preacher referred was the mount in Galilee on which Christ took farewell of His disciples and sent them forth to disciple the Inations. The respective mountains were termed the Mount of Light, the Mount of Life, and the Mount of Love. The preacher concluded by pointing out that whilst Christ loved the mountains, He lived in the valleys. On the mount:fin He gained His inspiration ; in the valley He did His work. The Church was in danger of forgetting this. She had been too long on the mountain heights and rejoicing in her own light, had wasted spiritual force upon herself. The cry of the hour was : Back to the valleys, to the places where humanity in its groaning and agony was crying out for God and could not find Him. It could only find him as He was incarnate through us in the fulfilment of the life of Christ. No man, declared the preacher, could begin to minimise the meaning of sin and its awfallness without suffering moral degeneration in his own life. They might have a philosophic system that pleased the mental mood of the hour, but no evangel. They might have a social dream that seemed as though it ought to weak, but no evangel. There was no evangel for poisoned, paralysed humanity but the evangel of blood and resurrection. In the evening Dr. Campbell Morgan took for his text the words" All things are delivered unto Me of My Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal Him. Come unto Me all ye that labour, and I will give you rest. Take My yoke upon you and learn of Me ; for lam meek and lowly in heart ; and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For Mv yoke is easy. and My burden is light." (Matthew XL 27 to 30). The fueda- mental and underlying teaching of the passage, said the preacher, was that all restlessness was the outcome of lack of knowledge of God. Jesus stood in the midst of a restless, feverish age, whether they thought of that in which He actually uttered the words or of this age in which He still uttered them. He called men to Himself that they might find rest. But what was the rest that He offered them? That knowledge of God which, being possessed, con- strained men to submission to God, in which submission rest was to be felt. No words that ever fell from the lips of Jesus had made a profounder impression on the heart of humanity than these. All ages, all climes, all conditions, all castes were attracted by them. Why? 1 The answer that came most readily was "The simplicity of them" and yet that was not altogether a sufficiest answer. There was a simplicity which was the simplicity of superficiality. These words had retained their perennial freshness through nineteen cen- turies, and while to-day they were translated into 400 different languages, wherever they went they still made their appeal. If tile simplicity were that of superficiality, the charm word soon wear away. There was, however, a simplicity of sublimity and that was what he found in these words. "For myself " continued the preacher" I would lay ray hands on this passage and call it the snpreme and final proof-text of the absolute deity of the Lord Jesus. It contains not in detailed exposition but in germ and principle the whole law and gospel of the great God I and ef our Saviour Jesus Christ." Thomason why this call of Jesus had made such an appeal to humanity and still does, was that here deep calleth unto deep. It was an appeal to leave that which was false and find the way into the true, to depart from the region of ruin and to enter into the realms of realisation by redemption. In every life there was a master passion and that constituted the burden. In other words the burden and responsibility of life might be noble or ignoble, beautiful or base, magnificent or mean. The master passion of the life of Jesus was to do the will of God and in the text Jesus declared that the easiest thing in the world was to please God. "I would rather have to please C-od for a year," said the preacher, " thaa any of you for a week. I am quite sure you would be as reasonable as you could, but von wonld not be as reasonable as God or as patient." ).esus Christ divided humanity into two camps—men whose burden was the will of God and men whose burden was their own desire, the self-centred and the God-centred life, and there was no middle path. "Come unto Me," said Christ, not "Come to the Church." No man got to Christ through the Church ; a man might get to the Church through Christ. " Come unto Me " —there was no room for any middle man there. "Your soul to Christ," said the preacher. "Everyone else swept out of the way. Priest and preacher too, at one point must depart.'

Illness of Mrs. W. Pierpoint. Our readers will regret to hear that Mrs. Pierpoint, wife of Alderman Pierpoint, J.P., is lying seriously ill at her residence, Derbe-road, St. Annes-on-Sea.

France.

WAGES UNDER PROTECTION AND FREE TRADE. [To THE EDITOR or THE WESTMINSTER GAZETTE.] Dear Sir,—ln vie* of the pretensions of Tariff the Protection system. On the other hand, the hoursof Reformers that Protection leads to higher wages and labour required per ton of product are very much lower better conditions of labour, the following statement, in England than they are abroad, although the processes showing rate of wages paid to the different classes of carried on in the relative works are practically identical i , labour n Free Trade England and Protectionist a striking confirmation of the fact that neither higher countries on the Continent, may be of some interest, wages nor shorter hours' of themselves, necessarily These figures have been obtained by the kindness of menus a higher cost of labour per ton of production, as the employers in the chemical industry in these various is often assumed.—Yours faithfully, countries, and, comparing them with wages paid at our ALFRED MOND. own works at the present time, it will be seen how , much superior English rates are, both in money and in 21, Old Bank Buildings, The Eastgate, Chester, hours of labour, to those countries which have favoured October 9th. RATES OF WAGES.

any , ,entb.)

Belgium. Germany (North).

Shr. shift Shr. shift. e. d. e. d. 3 5 3 301 93hr. day. 9 -hr. day. d. d. 4'32 3.65 6.043 4.87 6 013 504 4603 3'74 5,472 1'93 6336 401 4 603 4.370 3'91 611 6.6

Gern)t‘. (South.

Shr. shift. Bhr. shift. s. d. s. d. 3 9.12 3 043 , to 3 6.24 10hr. day I d. 3.84 3' 4•80 4*. 4•80 31 4•20 5.16 4•2( 528 4•56 420 360 4.20 4.20 3r 86

Rates of Exchange : 25fr. = £l. 29mks. = £l. 21kr. = £l.

91hr. day d.

Austria.

12hr. shift. S. d. 2 8.04 to 2 IPO4

10h. day. d.

3.60 to 4201 384 to 444 2.10 to 2•6 i 4•32 to 6 3.70 to 4.10 376 3.30 to 4 112 to 468 310 4'20 to 6.24 3.29 456 to 6 3.30 to 4.32 2.60 to 2•60 2.90 '12.20 to 2.40

84 to 444 12•76 to 3.601

foreign firms who had works in England. The Govern- ment's aim was to place taxation on the shoulders of those best able to bear it. The Government believed ip the great reform of the land question : "To every man a piece of land, and to every piece of land a man.' It had been pointed out that the Government made no provision in the Budget for the grant they promised to Ireland. The Opposition could not have their eyes open to these great matters, or they would have seen that since the Government gave Ireland Home Rule the people of that country had become so prosperous that they did not need the money. (Laughter and applause) The grant of £1,000,000 to the unemployed was said to be a paltry sum,but it was a grand and noble beginning. The question would not be settled by one Bill. It eould need a long succession of measures and systematic work. The Socialists did a great deal in pointing out the evils that existed, but they seemed to have no, practical policy to remove them. He was afraid that if the Government remained in office long enough tile occupation ot the Socialists would be gone, because by progressive legislation the Government would have I removed all the evils they complained of. (Applause). Mr. IL IloPs (Cambridge) said that enterprise, capital and labour should go hand in hand, and it the Govern- ment set one against the other and over-taxed the wealthy, they would do great harm to trade. Why did not the Government tax • wines and spirits? They might next take up the Co-operative Societies with their £300,000,000 capital—(Opposition applause and a Voice " You have got your eyes on those, have you ? ")—and also the insurance societies, which on paper had practically the whole wealth of the world. (Laughter.) As to unemployment, the casual workers and the preponderance of unskilled labour were caused by ignorance and selfishness on the part of parents, and by the mistaken policy of trade unions in keeping down the number of apprentices. Mr. J. MORTON (President ef, the Board of Trade) said the Government wanted so to alter the industrial system that the question of unemployment would be got rid of on economic lines. They did not want artificial employment and they must devote their attention to finding a solution by the modification of the industrial system. " The more progressive the Liberal party is " said Mr. Morton " the more our friends opposite say we are pandering to the Socialists, whereas the Socialists themselves will admit that they I are simply a more extreme spction of our own party." (Socialist : " No, No's.") Mr. WARDHAN (Westlionghton) moved an amend- ment "That it be illegal to levy any soloing royalties except for State purposes." Ho did so on the ground of equity, fgirness and reason. Mr. W. NIGHTINGALE (Normanton) seconded and caused great amusement by observing " e do not want simply the royalties. What we want ano what w,e mean to have is the earth." "We are the nation " he continued "and we shall have power in the future that will compel every class to subordinate themselves to us."

Ultimately the amendment was withdrawn in order to facilitate procedure, but Jr. Nightingale dissented frog: this course. Mr. W. CFIRIAIES (S. Birmingham), said he was much in sympathy with the object of the Budget but they must give Mr. Chamberlain credit for having first pro- posed these reductigps. (A Voice : Like he did old age pensions.") ThEfthancellor of the Exchequer was I only appropriating a portion of the tariff reform pro- 'gramme. (Laughter.) Mr. C'hrimes admitted that he was not very hostile to the Budget and that he did not see anything very unjust in the manner in which the Chancellor proposed to raise the money,assuming it was practicable. On the whole the imposition of higher death duties was just, but if they went very far with regard to increased income tax, they would certainly drive capital out of the country. THE CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER (Mr. England), replying to the criticism about robbing hen roosts, said the people of the country were really laying the golden eggs, but how many did they get hold of ? The wealthy had in years gone by taken the golden eggs and in many cases the Government would be doing right in restoring the whole of them to the people, but seeing they did not require all the wealth of the country they only proposed to take a small tithe.

The Budget was then put to the vote and passed without a di,vision.

, The Rev: C. HARVEY CooK having obtained first place in the ballot for private member's Bill, offered to introduce a measure on any one of the following sub- jects, leaving the choice to the House:— Bill to Facilitate Humane Competition. Bill to provide for Civic Leagues of Help. Bill to Remove the Nonconformist Clergy Disabilities in respect to marriages, registrations, fees, &c. Bill to amend the law in respect to voters' removals. Bill to promote the Federation of the World. Bill to consider the question of Municipal (that is citizen) Churches. Ultimately it was decided that the Rev. Harvey Cook should introduce a Bill to facilitate humane competi- tion at next Thursday's sitting, and that Mr. Johnstone (Dumfries), who drew second place in the ballot, should bring forward a Bill to provide for Civic Leagues of Help at the following week's meeting.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A Discussion on Tooth Brushes.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse, on Wednesday, the Rev. T. R. Matthews presiding. There were also present : Mrs Simpson, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Collingwood, Miss Broadbent, Dr. Murray, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, W. Gill, W. C. Brooks, J. Billinge, R. Lee, W. Furness, M. W. Seton, W. Flannagan, J. Cook, R. Bolton, E. L. Bent, J. Evans, R. Forshaw, A. Bottomley (clerk), R. W. Peacock (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintqlgapt of Padgate Homes.) PADGATH St INTENDENT'S SALARY.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A DISCUSSION ON TOOTH BRUSHES.

At a meeting of the Padgate Cottage Homes Com- mittee it was recommended that the salary of Mr. Wright (superintendent) be increased from £35 to £6O per annum, also that the Wary of Miss Alice Bennett be increased from £2O to £23 by annual increments of £l. It was recommended that Mr. Taylor, Museum-street, Warrington be given the dentistry work for the ensuing six months, subject to his terms being satisfactory. It was moved by Miss Broadbent, seconded by Mr. Bent that the children be provided with tooth brushes, but the proposal was defeated by 7 votes to 4. Mrs. COLLING WOOD : It seems rather extraordinary not to allow the children tooth brushes.

Miss BROADBENT : I don't think there is any other institution of the same size where they do nct have them. _ . .

The CHAIRMAN : It is the decision of the committee I don't know whether it is irrevocable or not. Mr. BENT in moving the adoption of the minutes said he was very sorry that the children were not to be pro- vided with tooth brushes. The cost would be very little—a matter of about 13—and he was satisfied that the provision of tooth brushes would save a great deal of expense in dental operations. The increase of salary to Mr. Wright was considered by the committee and carried unanimously, as they were all agreed that he had done his work in the best possible way. Mrs. WiLiumoN seconded. Mr. FURNESS said there was at least one dissentient from the resolution increasing Mr. Wright's salary. He dissented from it not because he took exception to Mr. Wright's abilities as an administrator—he was an ideal administrator and the establishment was in a perfect condition—but because the granting of the increase had been rushed. It was done almost in a panic. He suggested that the Board ought to be furnished with particulars as to the amount paid in other Unions and satisfy themselves that they were doing justice not only to the superintendent but to the ratepayers as a whble. He moved that the portion of the minutes referring to Mr. Wright's salary be sent back to the Committee for further consideration. _ _

- -- Mr. EVANS seconded but on a vote being taken the amendment was defeated by ten votes to seven. Mr. BENT gave notice that at the next Board meeting he would move a special resolution confirming the increases of salary to Mr. Wright and Miss Bennett as recommended by the Committee. Mr. JOLLEY then m6ved an amendment that the minute with regard to tooth brushes he referred back. He contended that the matter was not a small one and the proposal ought to have been adopted long since. Why the children, because they happened to be in a Poor Law school, should be deprived of a rational and proper means of keeping their mouths clean and in order, he could not understand. Mr. EVANS seconded. Miss BROADBEN'T said the children already tried to clean their teeth with bits of rag but it was impossible to keep them in proper condition by that means. Mrs. Wilkinson thought there would be a certain amount of risk of carrying consumption but she had it on good authority that the risk was so small that it need not be considered, whereas the advantages were enormous. There was a very strong feeling in the town on the matter,

The CHAIRMAN: Would it not be a better plan to supply them with tooth brushes privately, if the resolu- tion is lost ?

Miss BROADBENT : Mr. Furness suggested they should be supplied by the Brabazon Society, but I don't see why the Guardians should palm off their responsibili- ties on to that organization. Mr. FLANNAGAN said the Committee thought the provision of tooth brushes would possibly result in more harm than good. The brushes might be exchanged and become the means of conveying disease. If he could be satisfied that each child had a separate brush which could not be exchanged he would support the proposal. The CLERK : The Superintendent said he would see that the children kept their own brushes. The amendment was carried by 13 votes to 5.. Miss BROADDENT : I think that is one of the best things we have ever done. ____ _

PENSIONS AND OUT-RELIEF.

MRS. WILKINSON'S PROPOSITION OUT or ORDER..

Mrs. WILKINSON had given notice of the following resolution: 'That all persons receiving relief from this Union, and having no other disqualification for Old Age Pension, shall, after the first day of January 1909, receive five shillings per week for each single person, and eight shillings per week in the case of married couples." The CfiAirtmAls : I am advised by the Clerk that the resolution is not quite in order. Mrs. WILKINSON : Why not in order, I should like to ask.

man• The CLERK said the reason why the resolution was not in order was because the Guardians could not bind themselves to a fixed amount when granting out-door relief. The question which the Guardians had to con- sider was destitution and they had to deal with each case on its merits. The resolution would commit the Guardians to a fixed sum and there would be no consideration whatever. Under those circumstances it would be offensive. The opinion of the Local Govern- ment Board had been asked and that authority did not consider it would be a proper exercise of the power of the Guardians to order a fixed weekly sum as out-relief to all persons above a certain age. The amount of relief to be given should be determined by the necessities of each case. Mr. WILKINSON : Some Boards have done it. Thc CLERK : I agree that some Boards have done it; many Boards have done wrong. I should say that it will be a question for the Government auditor to deal with. We can do many things that are opposed to orders but we have to run the risk. Clearly this is a letter from the Local Government Board who tell you it is not the proper thing for Guardians to do, and under those circumstances I think I must be right in saying the resolution is not in order. Mrs. WILKINSON: I think it is most unjust for any- bOdy to be deprived of any advantages owing to having been poor prior to a certain date. If we cannot alter such cruel laws we can help those who are made to suffer by them through no fault of their own. The CLERK : If the Guardians wish to consider the matter at some future date—because it seems rather hard I should have to say it is out of order—l have drafted a resolution which they might discuss. Mr. JOLLEY : I think we ought to discuss this resolution or nothing. Let notice be given if any fresh matter is to be brought forward. Mr. W. C. BROOKS : What would be the increased amount on the rates if this were adopted ? The CLERK submitted the following statement :

===== 0002601_19081017_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT SHEPHERDS (AU.) WARRINGTON DISTRICT.

I This district held its quarterly meeting at the " Friend in Need " Lodge, " ‘Vaggon and Horses," Warrington, on Saturday. The District Chief (Bro. J. Gillooley) presided and was supported by the Deputy Chief (Bro. W. Miles), Past Prov. Chiefs Peter L. Edgar, Lawrence Weir, T. Miller, W. Eckersley, J. Haley, J. I Williams, James Parr (District Treasurer), Peter Edgar (District Secretary) and the delegates from the Lodges belonging to the District. The quarterly accounts were submitted by the District Secretary, and after the Auditor's (Bros. Miller and Miles) having certified their correctness, the same were passed after the remaining business, which was of a routine character, had to be disposed of, an interesting and pleasing ceremony was performed, viz.,the presentation to the Immediate Past Chief Bro. L. Edgar, of a handsome walnut clock for valuable services rendered by him during his term of office as Pros-. Chief Shepherd of the district. Bro. Lawrence Weir in a few well chosen words made the presentation. The following Brethren, viz., John Haley, Thomas Miller, S. Blythe, James Parr, Jas. Qillooley, and W. Miles spoke in support. Bro. "Peter L. Edgar on rising to acknowledge the gift was received with enthusiasm. He said no words of his could express his heartfelt thanks for their Lind and flattering remarks and the handsome present. What he had done had been work of pleasure, his chief desire being to see the Shepherds Order prosper and flourish, and it was gratifying to note that his efforts had been appreciated. His term of office had been a happy time! He desired to thank the members generally of the different Lodges for the great courtesy they ha.d at. all times shown towards him on his round of visitation. The meeting confirmed the officers' action in regard to Use resolution that they had passed and sent in to the Town Clerk in connection with the appointment of the I Local Committee under the Old Age Pensions Act.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. ,•Ytrsi -- "Merely Mary Ann."

Patrons of the Royal Court Theatre are promises another treat next week when Mr. Herbert Greville's company, by arrangement with Mr. Charles Frohman, will present "Merely Mary Ann," a highly successful 'comedy in four acts by I. Zanrovill. The company comes from the Duke of York's Theatre, London, and is an excellent one, inclnding several artistes of con- siderable repute. Miss Jessica Solomon will appear as " Mary Ann, merely," Mr. Paul Lovett as Lancelot, a composer, Mr. Herbert Greville as Lord Tottenham, of the Automobile Club, and Miss Grace Lovett as Rowena. The play is sure to provide a capital evening's amusement and there .should be crowded houses.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

THE BUDGET PASSED.

Private Member's Bill Next Week.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer (Mr. E. England) has succeeded in carrying his first Budget through our local House of Commons. For once in a way, the Opposition did not even challenge a division, but it was evident from the strong chorus of "Ayes" that an overwhelming majority of the members favoured the Chancellor's progressive proposals. Briefly stated, the Budget provides for the abolition of all food taxes, the granting of old age pensions, and an instalment of £1,000,000 for the unemployed. The necessary funds are to be raised by increased death duties, graduated income tax, and the payment of a fourth of the mining royalties into the National Exchequer. There was a good attendance of ministers,headed by the Premier (Mr. John Upson), but the Leader of the Opposition (Mr. W. IL Stansfleld) was an absentee. QUESTION TIME.

Replying to the member for Maidstone, the CRANCELLOR OF THE EXCIIEQUER (Mr. E. England) said the amount of mining royalties paid to the land owners of the country was about £8,000,000 per annum and it was continually increasing. The average royalty was 3.d. per ton. . .

ThesMimi3Ert FOR WEST DERRY asked if the Govern- ment would consider the advisability of amending the Old Age Pension Act with a view to making it obliga- tory on pension authorities to co-opt representatives from friendly societies and trade unions upon their committees.

The PnEmma (Mr. John Upson) said the Govern- ment had a great deal of sympathy with the question. At the same time it could hardly be expected, seeing that the Pension Act did not come into force until January Ist, 1909, that they shoukl amend it until by experience they had proved its weakness or its strength It was, however, generally anticirtted that pension authorities,in other words the Town Councils,would avail themselves of that expert opinion referred to in the qvestion. The Government were only aware of one Council containing members of such great knowledge and wisdom and so many experts upon every subject under the sun, that they could without any ditticulty at all-and without calling in the information of those men who had been interested in these questions for many years, adequately and fully carry out the Act. (Laughter and applause). The MENtnErt FOR NORTEIWICII asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he would consider the suggestion of imposing a tax on foreign made toys and so increase the revenue of the country and stimulate British industries.

The 61-lA.NCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER (Ir. E. England) : It is not our intention to impose any such tax, because we do not for a moment believe there is any necessity to impose taxes upon any industries, foreignor home. There are so many ways by which revenue could be obtained.

Mr. W. CIIIIIMES (S. Birmingham) : Honestly? The liirAscELLOR Yes, honestly. - In reply to the Member for East Belfast, theTonErcs SECRETARY (Mr. E. Wynne-Jones) assured the House that all necessary steps were being taken to protect British interests in the Near East. DEATE ON THE BUDGET.

Mr. W. FURNESS (Bristol) re-opened the debate on the Budget. Lie did not tbink for a moment that they were going to bring the millennium by taxation or that by that means they would elevate the social condi- tions of the country. The Opposition said the only panacea was tariff reform, but England would have none of that. (Applause.) The Government bad found a better method of raising the funds than tariff reform. Dealing with the bogey of invasion which seemed to Itrouble the other side, Mr. Furness said the Liberal Government, as a progressive rind economical Govern- ment, had made up their minds that so far as the naval armaments of this country were concerned, they were not going to make any reduction or take any risks. At the present time we had 37 battleships, while Germany had 11 and France 11. We had 32 armoured cruisers, Germany G and France 13. %Ye were building at the rate of something like three per annum, and if the process continued in the same ratio we should in 1911 have 103 war vessels, as com- pared with Germany 51 and France 41. Dealing with mining royalties, Mr. Furness said he failed to see how the diversion of all mining royalties from private ownership to the State would enable British manufac- turprs to compete on better terms. What was required was the abolition of the royalties, and to do that they must either purchase the royalties from the owners or achieve their end by annual curtailment of the royal- ties, so that the owners would not feel the sacrifice so keenly. Whatever taxes the Govern- ment had abolished to lighten the burdens of the middle and poorer classes, had called forth complaint from the Leader of the Opposition. The Government were not surprised at that because it was a matter of common history that Conservative Governments bad always been extremely loath to take off taxes (Jr. ChrimeS "Nonsense:) Mr. Furness had a word to say about the "avalanche of ideas" which was always fosthcoming from the fertile brain and imagination of of the member for Northwich. "We can only regret" he observed that "our mental capacity on this side of the House has not been quite equal to the occasion." (Laughter.) The chief cause of national decay, con- cluded the hon, member, was excessive taxation and therefore the Government were doing a goon work in abolishing so many taxes. (Applause.) Mr. F. De:cez (Portsmouth), in a maiden speech from the Independent benches, said the Government had disclaimed any intention of interfering with industries, but had they already forgotten the Licensing Bill and the hundreds of thousands of sober-minded citizens who went up to London to protest against it? (Laughter.) As to mining royalties, why did the Chancellor purpose to appropriate only a fourth of them ? Was it not a breach of trust to allow the remaining V,000,000 to go into the pockets of people who had no right to them because they really belonged to the State ? He was sorry the taxation of land values had been shelved, because it had been repeatedly promised by the Govern- ment. If they dealt with the matter by a Bill it would no doubt be sent back by the Lords. The idea of " fill- ing the cup "might be very good, but it was not states- manship, and the Government should have included !their proposals in the Budget. (Applause.) Mr. McDmtatro (Paisley) waxed humorous about the " rob:Aug of hen roosts" by the Government. "I have been told " he said" that the demand for barbed wire and other accessories for the protection of these humble abodes of roosters has been excessive in this district, and in some parts, especially near the place where the Chancellor resides, they have assumed alarm- ing proportions, something after the style of the block houses in the late war." (Laughter.) Mr. McDermid said he welcomed the proposals for the abolition of taxes on the articles of food enumerated in the Budget —in fact he claimed that it was part of his party's scheme—but where they differed was as to the means of raising the revenue. When the Chancellor came to that question, he discarded the hen roost robber's costume and assumed the character of the valiant highwayman. He set out to rob the living and plunder the dead. (Laughter.) Mr. McDermid emphasised the necessity for dealing with unemployment at its source and claimed that his party had put forward a practicable scheme which was more constitutional than the methods pro- posed in the Budget. Mr. E. WYNNE JONES (Foreign Secretary) said that after last week's admission from the Opposition things could hardly be moving pleasantly in that quarter. The Leader of the Oppositioh said he would tax beer up to the very hilt, and they hoped he had not had a very bad time on that account. (Laughter.) Ile also said he would tax everything that was injurious. That was the reason why the Chancellor of t'le Exchequer was going to tax the very rich. They were injurious; at any rate, they were not conducive to the welfare of the country. Far from capital being driven from the country, It was [being attracted here, and he had a list of fifteen large

===== 0002601_19081017_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEN

===== 0002601_19081017_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
£1,500

FOR OUR LADY READERS,

Just for simple specimens of home cookery—a cake, a pudding, a tart—any one of the special dishes for which our readers are famous, but the dish must contain as chief ingredients one or other or both of these nourishing fruits—

===== 0002601_19081017_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Cllrrants & Bananas

The Competition is promoted for the encouragement of home cookery—no Professional chefs or cooks are allowed to enter, and the pruziss will be awarded to those in each County who send in the best cooked and most wholesome dishes.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY OF LANCASHIRE

has a great reputation for home cookery, and we hope that all our Lady Readers will enter AT ONCE for this interesting and homely Competition, and so help not only to maintain the County reputation for cooking, but to create a record entry and so secure a

BIG SHARE of the PRIZE MONEY for OUR ON COUNTY,

===== 0002601_19081017_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
NO ENTRANN FEE TO PAY. NO DIFFICULT CONDITIONS.

This is the last announcement so send in to-day or the opportunity will he lost.

All you have to do is to fill in the entry form below, and get by return full particulars, which are sent you absolutely free and post paid.

The judgment of the Currant and Banana dishes is to be carried out by one of the greatest cookery experts of the day—Mr. C. Herman Senn, G.C4., F.C.1., who will award the Prizes, not to the most fanciful or most expensive dishes, but to those which are most skilfully compounded, and most satisfactory as an item of every day fare. When the Currant and Banana dainties have been judged, and the prizes awarded—all the good things sant in will be immediately distributed among the destitute poor. Therefore, in entering this Competition you are making a feast for those who cannot make a feast for themselves.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO EX-SUPERINTENDENT MONAGHAN.

An interesting ceremony took place on Monday morning when ex-Superintendent Monaghan, late of the Borough Police Force, was presented by the borough magistrates with a handsome oak smoking cabinet in recognition of his 28 years' services. The magistrates present were the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Alderman Bolton (deputy-Mayor), Alder- man Burton, and Messrs. S. Wiight, G. Pilling, W. Roberta, T. Locker, J. Rymer Young and E. Woods, with Mr. George F. B. White (magistrates clerk), Mr. William Parsons (assistant clerk), and Mr. Martin Nicholls (chief constable.) Mr. W. ROBERTS, before asking the Mayor to make the presentation, said there had not been a single refusal in raising the money, and it seemed to have been the pleasure of all to be associated with the presentation. One of the greatest tributes that could be paid to the impartiality of their late Superintendent was a little incident which occurred in the Court during the last week of Mr. Monaghan's stay with them. An old Irishman was being charged with having been drunk and disorderly and pleaded not guilty. The Superintendent went into the box and gave evidence to the effect that he saw the prisoner when he was brought in rt nd that there was no doubt he Was very drunk. The old Irishman then at once said, " Your Worships, if Mr. Monaghan says I was drunk, I must have been drunk." (Laughter). Mr, Monaghan had not only enjoyed the confidence of the magistrates, but their good-will, as well as the con- fidence of the townspeople generally, and even that of the prisoners who, unfortunately, had been brought before the Court from time to time. (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR said he considered it an honour as well as a pleasnre to accede to the request to make the presentation on behalf of his fellow magistrates. As Mr. Roborts had stated, it had been a great pleasure to all of them to subscribe to the testimonial. The Superintendent had been complimented, not only at the Assizes but in other places, and there was no doubt he had done good work on behalf of the borough. It would be interesting to the magistrates to know that Mr. Monaghan retired from the Warrington Police a few weeks ago (August 27th), after a service of over 28 years. He joined the force in 1880, when aged 21, as an ordinary constable. It was evident from his subsequent career that he at once applied himself diligently to his duties, and, possessed as he was of great natural shrewd- ness, besides being gifted with the true detective instinct, he was early marked for promotion. After four years' service he was awarded the merit badge. In 1892 he was promoted detective-sergeant, and in 1897 detective-inspector, while a year later saw him superintendent and second in command of the force. During the whole of his police career ' Mr. Monaghan was much in touch with the magistrates, first as an officer, making numerous and frequent arrests, and afterwards when in charge of prosecutions, whilst acting as the Chief Constable's deputy. From his long connection with the town and the force he was always I able to give justices useful and valuable information respecting prisoners and defendants coming before the Bench. (Hear, hear.) His worship then handed to the ' ex-Superintendent a handsome and massive polished oak smoker's cabinet. containing every requisite. On a brass plate on the front was the inscription :—" Pre- sented to Superintendent P. Monaghan by the magistrates of the borough upon his retirement from the police force, Warrington, October 12, 1908." Mr. MONAGIIAN, in reply, said it had always been his wish to assist the magistrates in giving them the infor- mation they required. If a man deserved punishment, he always told the Bench that he deserved it, but if, on the other hand, he could say anything in his favour, he said it. He had been very well treated in Warrington, and he should be sorry to lose his friends wheu the time came for him to go.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
BABIES! COUGHS. A harmless and sure remedy is VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

The remarkable purity, safety, and freedom from all dangerous drugs of Veno's Lightning Cough Cure has caused it to be called "The Babies Cure." Mrs. Bailey, Providence Place, Ridge-lane, near Atherton, Warwickshire writes:—" My two children (twins, just 1,,e months old) were very bad with whooping cough, but I tried Veno's Lightening Ciugh Cure, and it has completely cured them." Veno'.3 Lightning Cough Cure is guaranteed free from all narcotic and dangerous drugs, is suitable for the youngest child, and is a perfect cure for coughs and colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, whooping cough, and all chest and lung troubles. Price 9.1 d. Is. 111, and 23. J. of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
TO SAVE THE CHILDREN.

A !Temperance Rally In Manchester.

LICENSING BILL SUPPORT.

IThe Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope and Temperance Union held two remarkable meetings in the Free-trade Hall on Saturday. The gathering in the afternoon was described as a"Counties Workereßally," and its object TM to inaugurate a forward movement for doubling the membership of the Bands of Hope and juvenile temperance societies in the Union and to raise a sum of £12,500, equivalent to a shilling a head on the present membership. Ninety-one towns and 117 villages in Lancashire. Cheshire, and North-west Derbyshire were represented by over three thousand accredited delegates from 1,233 Bands of Elope, Itechabite "Tents," and Divisions of the Sons of Temperance. Canon Hicks,the president of the Union. presided, and those present included Mr. D. J. Shackleton, M.P. (vice-president), Mr. J. S. Higham, M.P. (treasurer), the Rev. Canon Kelly, the Rev. J. Cregan, Hr. T. E. Hallsworth (hon. secretary), and Mr. W. Chandos Wilson, the general secretary. A special feature of the meetings was the flue singing of a choir of COO voices selected from temperance societies in various towns included in the Union.

A CAUSE FOR THE CHURCHES. Canon Ifrcrig said this movement belonged to the Church, for the Church would never be in a flourishing state as long as the liquor traffic prevailed as it did now. The present year would always remain a very important year in the annals of temperance reform, because we had had the strongest and most comprehen- sive bill brought in by one of the strongest and most democratic Governments and Parliaments we had ever had. --(Applause.) [he Liberal party were solid for the Bill, and he thought he might say the Labour party were white-hot for it. If the Bill got through the House of Lords—that august assembly which seemed to direct the fortunes of the British people—they would want an increasing number or intelligent and convinced temperance reformers, wir,, when the Act got into operation, would see that no disaster over- took it and that the Lords blind to their own danger, did not imperil one of the greatest pieces of moral legislation ever attempted in England. (Applause.) In the meantire there was a great deal of spadework to be done in the creation of public opinion in favour of the measure. Mr.ch had been said about conciliating the moderate opinion of the country. By all means ; but they were nnderred by any danger, unmoved by any allurments, in their determination to achieve the prin- ciple of the originators of the movement—total abstinence for the individual. Their business was to save the children, for in saving the childen they were saving themselves. (Applause.) Mr. J. S. Higham, M.P., spoke of the progress made by the Union during the forty-five years of its exist- ence. It began, he said, with twelve societies and 1.000 members. It now numbered 2,1.00 societies and 385,000 members. The income it received was utterly inadequate if they were to deal with the work which lay in their hand, and helooked forward to a determined and successful effort to achieve the end which their present forward movement had in view. LABOUR PARTY AND THE BILL. MR. SIIACKLETON'S SUPPORT.

Mr. D. J. Shackleton, M.P., moved the following resolution "That we welcome the great forward movement proposals, and hereby pledge ourselves individually and collectively to do our utmost to double the membership and to raise a sum equal to one shilling per head of the present membership." He said that apart altogether from temperance, all social questions depended upon a sober nation, and if the little party to which he belonged was to be successful they mnst depend, on a sober nation. " That," Mr. Shackleton said, "is why you find the Labour party unanimous in support of the present Licensing Bill. They have not supported that Bill because it was introduced by the Liberal Government. They have sannortei it because they see in it great possibilities. When the nation has had this Bill—as they will—for some years they may desire some further legislation. The result of the Ligensing Act—when it is an Act—will be to improve the stamina of the people. Our Bands of Hope will do the same thin, and the two forces together will make a wonderful change in the condition of our people during the neat fifteen years." He believed as a workman they had a good work in hand, land he asked that it should be carried on in the interests of the social condition of the people of this country. (Applause). Mr. T. E. Hallsworth seconded the resolution. Mr. W. Chandos Wilson also spoke, and the resolu- tion was carried. In the evening there was a crowded meeting in the Free Trade Hall when addresses were delivered by Mr. T. W. Russell, M.P., who presided. Mr. Harry Nuttall, M.P. and Mr. Philip Snowden, M.P. A resolution was passed thanking the Government for their determina- tion to press forward the Licensing B 11 and expressing the hope that it would soon become law.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
in PRIZES

The Examiner, Saturday October 17, 1908;

WARRINGTON.

Wyciffe P.S.A. A welltattended meeting of the Wycliffe Society was held on Sunday. Mr. Joseph Owen presided. Mr. J. Bailey gave the address upon the raising of Jairns's daughter by Jesus. Mr. William Broadhurst also took part in the meeting. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ, and rendered an organ solo. Four new members received a hearty welcome. Disturbing-Church-street. Thomas Hickman of Dakin's-yard, was summoned for creating a disturbance in Church-street on October 3rd.— He pleaded not guilty.—P.O. Clough stated that I defendant's father informed him that defendant had been creating a disturbance at his house and had knocked two panels of a door out. While he was con- ' versing with the father, defendant was making a scene in Church-street, using filthy language.—Defendant said he was not creating a disturbance at all and that the door gave way owing to a" putrified " hinge. He was fined ss. Bewsey-road Wesley Guild. The members of this guild held their first devotional meeting of the winter session on Monday, when the Rev. E. B Keeling presided over a good attendance. Several of the members took part in the service, announcing hymns, praying and reading lessons, gr. G. B. Keeling gave a paper on " Amos," who, lie said, was a proof that one could live a pure and holy life in the midst of bad surrounding. Mr. Keeling was heartily thanked for his paper, on the proposition of Mr. William Healey, the secretary, seconded by Messrs. Mitchell and Corbett. Miss Jones sang a solo. " HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES and " PEVERIL " FIRE GRATES are ahead of all others. Inspection invited.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Rath of Mrs. J. C. Thompson. Many of our readers will deeply regret to hear of the death of Mrs. Thompson, widow of the late Mr. J. Christmas Thompson (headmaster of the School of Art from 1855 to MK, who passed away at her residence, 17, 80ld-street, on Saturday morning. She was taken ill on her return from the Lake district about three months ago,and never subsequently left the house. She had been attended by Dr. Joseph. The cause of death was senile decay. The deceased lady who was highly cultured, will be much missed by a large circle of friends. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Monday, the Rev. E C. E. Carleton' vicar of Holy Trinity Church, Which the deceased lady had attended for many years, officiating. "Weary Workers." The Rev. Canon Stevenson in the course of his sermon at St. Paul's Church, on Sunday morning, had something to say Amt the weary workers who by means of the railway, the motor car, the motor cycle and the bicycle must have rest, refreshment, change and pleasure on the Lord's Day. They saw some of these weary workers at times taking their pleasures, and he should think it would have been very much better for them to have done something else as the manner in which they spent the day could not do them much good. They seemed to forget that there were other weary workers who were being robbed of their rest. They saw the poor, weary, worn out old horse who had worked six days in the week trying to get along with his great load, and they saw the poor driver who had been out very late on a Saturday night having to work again on Sunday. And they had to think of the army of people who, in one way or other, were robbed—and he used the word advisedly—of their Sabbath rest in order that the weary workers might rest themselves after their own fashion forgetful of others.

Warrington Women's Circle, Golborne-street. The meeting of this circle on Sunday was presided over by Mrs. Broadhurst and amongst others who assisted were Mrs. J. S. Hughes, the Misses Bates and Miss Rose Tynan. The address was given by Mrs. John Yonge, who took as her subject the words "Kings and Priests." She gave an excellent lesson on the duties of wives and mothers, and showed that it was the duty of every woman to rule her own home, and guide the religious life of her children. Obedience and the habit of prayer for and with the children was especially emphasized. Miss Maggie Heywood sang "The coming of the King" and the choir gave" Let the S tviour in," Misses Bather and Burney taking the duet. Miss Shaw contributed two recitations. ART Cars& Ts .t SERVICES, 40 pieces, 12s. 61.- 3. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. ' Warrington Church Society. The anniversary serdice in connection with this Society was held at gt: Paul's Church on Thursday evening, when the Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. Chavasse) preached to a-fairly large congregation. Taking for his text the words "Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit saith the Lord of Hosts. (Zechariah iv., 6.), his Lordship made a strong plea for unity in Church work. He condemned the jealousy which unfortunately sometimes existed in Churches and Sunday schools, and the bad feeling which was apt to be engendered between sections who thought differently within the Church. He urged all to work together in love, relying upon the Rower of the Spirit of God, and then the Kingdom of God would make much greater progress in their midst. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER TFLE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASIIIRE.—AdVt. Junior Cricket League, In St. John's Schoolroom on Tuesday evening in connection with the Warrington and Distript Junior Cricket League, the annual smoking cohcert and prize distribution took place. Councillor Fulton- Smith presided, and was supported on the platform by Ur. Draper and Mr. Price. There were about one hundred and fifty persons present. The musical pro- gramme was a long and interesting one, and those who took part included the Misses Turner, Roberts and Randal's, and Messrs. Graham, Spruce, Dunne and Taylor. Mr. J. Jolley gave humorous songs and Mr. Smith gramophone selections. Mr. Boyle was the accompanist. During the interval the Chairman distributed the League medals to Sankey, and warmly congratulated them upon winning the competition. The treasurer and secretary presented their balance sheets and reports, whieh showed the League to be in a flourishing state. An enjoyable evening was brought to a close by vote of thanks to the Chairman and artistes for so freely giving their services. County Council Scholarships and Exhibitions. The Lancashire County Council offers an attractive series of exhibitions and scholarships to be awarded in 1909. The competition will embrace elementary and secondary school subjects, art, music, agriculture, cotton technology, and special scholarships for women. In the elementary school section there are no fewer than 350 junior exhibitions restricted to children attending public elementary schools, and 100 open junior exhibitions. For Secondary school subjects 35 senior exhibitions and 15 scholarships are offered; art, ten exhibitions and two scholarships; agriculture, a limited number of studentships, ten junior exhibi- tions, six senior exhibitions, four junior scholarships and two senior scholarships; cotton, three scholarships for proficiency in cotton weaving, one scholarship for cotton spinning, and four prizes for proficiency in cotton weaving or spinning; special scholarships for women: two .for domestic economy and five for mid- .

wifely. Conditions, regulations and_ kill puticulars

. ~ Penny Popular Concerts. can be obtained from Mr. H. Lloyd, D.Sc., Ph.D., Judging by the crowded attendance at the opening Director of Education, County Offices, Preston. ss. will buy a SAFETY RAzoit with 12 blades.— c 'need of the season which was held in Bold-street J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51 Bridge-street school on Saturday evening, these weakly entertain- Warrington.—Advt. ments will prove as popular as ever during the Singular Motor Car Accident. coming winter. A splendid programme was submitted Late on Monday night the Knutsford main road at and gave every satisfaction. Songs were given in a Grappenhall was the scene of a sinkalar motor car very capable manner by Miss Emily Holmes (soprano), accident. A car, being driven from Cardiff to Liver- Miss Ethel Parr (contralto), Mr. John Gleave (tenor), pool, had just passed underneath the Bridgewater and Mr. James Weedall (bass), and they were loudly Canal Bridge which spans the roadway near Messrs. applauded for the rendering of several quartettes. Long's tannery when the shadows cast by the trees Messrs. Weedall and Parr gave a capital interpretation caused the young gentleman who was driving to take of the duet " The two beggars," and they were loudly a wrong turning, With the result that the vehicle recalled. Mr. W. Milne and Miss Ethel Parr sang a dashed up the side of the embankment and overturned. couple of duets in finished style. Mr. W. Milpe was The occupants, in addition to the driver, are believed the humorist, and be was very successful. During an to be Mrs. and Miss Graves, of Cardiff, and all three interval in the programme the Rev. T. Miller, who were thrown violently into the roadway. The gentleman presided, Said he was pleased to see so many present. was seriously injured and rendered unconscious; Their great wish was that the concerts should prove a Mrs. Graves had her face and one of her arms badly counter attraction to the public-house, and he thought bruised ; while Miss Graves fortunately escaped with they were succeeding in their efforts in that direction. a bruised chin and forehead. Several of the residents PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER Ins CLOCK FOR BasT came on tbe scene and Dr. Jago was summoned. In BOOTS IN LANCAsnins.—Advt. • the meantime the injured travellers were taken into a Local Spiritualism, cottage in the occupation of Mr. Fairhurst. After Dr. The anniversary of the formation of the local Jago had attended them he sent for a cab and had the Spiritualist Lvceuatwas celebrated on Sunday. The party conveyed to the Lion Hotel, Warrington, where afternoon meeting took the form of an" open session," they arrived shortly before two o'clock on Tuesday which was conducted by Ur. W. H. Sherburn, of morning. The gentleman recovered consciousness a Stockton Heath. Several parents of the children few hours later, and the ladies are not seriously hurt. attended, and the members went through the usual The occupants of the car were fortunate to escape as routine—singing, silver and golden chain " recita- lightly as they did. The car, which bore the number tions," musical reading, marching and calisthenics, 80.283, was only slightly damaged, and was left at and Mr. Sherburn gave an address.—Mr. A. Dodd, of Messrs. Long's tannery. Runcorn, also expressed his pleasure at being present, Theft of Valuable Rings. . and gave a brief account of the progress of that Sarah Wilde, of Howard-street, formerly a society. In the evening the platform was filled with charwoman in the employ of Dr. Adams, Lyceurnists, and a number of special hymns and solos 1, Bewsev-road, was charged on remand were sung and recitations given, those taking at the Warrington Police Court on Thursday, individual parts being Lily Llewellyn, Eva Fox, with stealing two rings valued at, £B5, the property Florrie Turner, Annie Simpson and Nellie Roberts ; of Miss Adams, between September 28th and October George Turner, Thomas Dolphin, Albert Tanner, 3rd.—She pleaded guilty. It appears that the Arthur Foster and Mr. Turner. Mr. Sherburn gave diamond ring valued £BO, was seen safe in a jewel an address pointing out the advantages of the Lyceum case on September 28th, and the gold ring valued at system of teaching. £5 was left in the bedroom. They were afterwards School Girls' Rounders League. missed and it was ascertained by Dstective There was a pleasing little ceremony at St, Alban's Reddington that prisoner had pledged the rings at Roman Catholic Sehonl on Tuesday morning, when Messrs. Briggs, pawnbrokers, Bank Quay. The gold Councillor Fulton-Sinith, chairman of the Education ring was pledged for Bs. and the diamond ring for 63. Committee, attended to present the rose bowl given by —Mr. Briggs stated that the prisoner came to his him some 12 months ago, and which this year has been shop with the rings. Thinking that the diamonds won by the girls' team from this school. Amongst were only paste, he gave her Os. for the diamond ring others present were the Rev. Father Whittle, the Rev. and Bs. for the gold ring.—Detective Paddington Father Bugging, Mr. J. Moore Murray (Director of Education), and Mr. John Smith (one of the school received the ringa from the pawnbroker and on Sunday morning last he arrested the prisoner. In answer to managers.) —The Rev. Father Whittle briefly intro- the charge she said she was in very low circumstances duced Councillor Fultim-Smith to the scholars, and and that she wanted money to keep her house together. pointed out that the Education Committee took:great she was very sorry for, what she had done.—The interest in the welfare of the children of the t awn) Chief Chief Constable stated that while the rnliCe and the rose bowl was presented as an encouragement were searching the prisoner's house they found 52 to them to engage in rounders for the purpose of pawn tickets, which corresponded with goods pledged strengthening their bodies.—Councillor Fulton-Smith in Chester. She had also been before the magistrates hoped that that would not be the last prize the girls at Chester in September 1903.—Prisoner was sentenced would win, but that they would carry something off to two months' imprisonment. every year. He was pleased to find that they were so PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE-ICLOCK FOR BEsT attentive to their less ins, and he could assure them BOOTS IN LANCIASHIRE.--AdVt. that if they wanted to make their teachers happy they What He Wanted the Chisel For. should carefully prepare their lessons from day to day Frederick Charles Gleave was charged on Thursday and thus make work as easy and as pleasant as with stealing from the workshop of Messrs. Unsworth possible. He thanked the authorities of the school and Silcck, Golborne-street, on October Bth, an iron for having asked him to present the bowl, which was 0 chisel and a quantity of stationery valued at &L— a little memento of their sports. (Applause.)— Prisoner pleaded not guilty.—The Chief Constable Enthusiastic cheers having been given for Councillor- stated that at 10.50 p.m. on Saturday night prisoner Fulton-Smith, the proceedings closed, was seen by Mr. Barlow, the baths superintendent, to CITTLETty by best Sheffield makers.—J. S. secrete something in a bush in Bath-street. He after- GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. wards went to the spot and found that it was the chisel " Barefaced Trespass " mentioned in the charge. He informed the police and Before Mr. W. Long and other magistrates, at P.C. Woollacott secreted himself close by and about Daresbury Petty Sessions, held at Stockton Heath on 30 minutes afterwards he saw the prisoner come and Tuesday, Samuel Higham, Roger-street, and John take the chisel away. Woollacott followed him but Taylor, Back Crossley-street, Warrington, was charged lost sight of him in Sankey-street.—Prisoner was with jrespaasing in the day time on land in the occu- afterwards apprehended by Detectives Whitby pation of William Turner, Walton, in search of game and Holland and said that he deposited and with assaulting Alfred Joseph Broady. Higham the chisel in the east drive in the park. He was also charged with assaulting an Irish labourer was then charged with stealing the stationery, named John Kenny. Defendants pleaded guilty to which be admitted. He told the detectives the trespass but denied the assaults.—Mr. E. that he wanted the chisel "to hit his mother-in-law Draper (Messrs. Robert Davies and Co.), who on the head, as she was a dirty pig."—John Burgess, conducted the case for the prosecution, said this was • residing at 13, Legh-street and employed by Messrs. about the most barefaced trespass in search of game I Unsworth and Silcock, Golhorne-street, said that had ever come before their Worships. As a rule that the prisoner was with him in the men of this class came during the night or early shop on Thursday. afternoon. He recognised the morning, but in this cas) the men came before three chisel and stationery, as the goods belonging o'clock in the afternoon. They went into a field in to the firm. He knew prisoner personally,— the occupation of Mr. William Turner, and commenced P.C. Whitby-stated that on receiving information on neeting for hares. In addition to the trespass they , Saturday night of a mi.n loitering about in a suspicious assaulted a young man named Broady who went after 'manner in Legh-street, he went up to prisoner and i them, and High= also assaulted an Irish labourer questioned him and found that he was the man who I named John Kenny. This kind of trespass was an ; was wanted. Prisoner told the officer that be had , intolerable nuisance, especially when men came in the been sleeping out for a week. Witness questioned hif d h h day time apparently thinking they a a perfect right , ! him about the chisel and stationery and he said that ito go on the land.—Evidence having been given, ,he had taken them from Messrs. Unsworth and ' defendants still denied having committed an assault. i Silcock's shop in Golborne-street. He was taken into j They had had some drink and they went into the custody and brought to the Police Station. In answer field for a sleep. Defendants were fined 10s. and to the charge prisoner stated that on the Thursday , , casts for the trespass, 10e. and costs for the assault on Broady, and Higharn was fined a further 10s. and he had been larking with Burgess and seeing the 1 eosts for assaulting Kenny.—William Thompson, chisel he slipped it into his pocket, thinking nothing, 61, would be said about it. He had always been in the Pierpoint-street, Warrington, was summoned for habit of going to the shop and conversing with having being suspected of having come from land in Burgess. After much deliberation the magistrates search of game at Walton Inferior, on September decided that prisoner, who had been in custody since 16th, and having nets, pegs, &c. in in his possession.--z P.C. Preston proved the case and defendant was fined Sunday, should be detained until the rising of the Court on Friday morning. This was accordingly 10s: including costs. done.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
LEGS MIIIRN OUT BY DISEASE.

Wears Starting front Small Sora Cured by Zam-Btik.

Constant standing weakens the legs and frequently brings on ulcers, varicose veins, etc., which are the more difficult to cure if the whob limb is in a weakened condition. How wonderfully beneficial Zani-Buk is in such cases is shown in the experience of Mrs. Emma Masters, of 12, Union-street, Smeth- wick, Birmingham. "I am 62 years of age," Mrs. Masters told a "Birmingham Echo" reporter. "Shortly • after my husband's death, twelve years ago, a slight crack appeared on my foot, just below the ankle bone, which caused me great pain. "The doctor, after examination, said it was due to extreme weakness, and that I was on my legs too much. He gave me ointment and medicine, and told me I was to give my legs as mach rest as possible. As far as I could I obeyed his instructions, but the wound grew larger and larger. The wound was always discharging, and the surrounding flesh was inflamed and very painful. My daughter persuaded me to consult a lady doctor, who told me my legs were absolutely worn oat. I had been suffering then for three years, and for another seven years I went on enduring agonies, trying all kinds of lotions and ointments without success.

"A short time ago a friend visited me and prevailed upon me to try Zam-Buk. After dressing the wound a few times with the balm I felt relief from the pain. ZainDuk was cooling and soothing, and with each dressing my ankle got stronger and stronger. The wound gradually got less in size, the inflammation died away, and the discharge ceased. Constant applications of Zam-Buk at length completely healed the wound and covered the place with new healthy skin.

" My leg is now stronger than it has been for years, and since Zam-Buk cured the ulcer there has not been the slightest sign of another outbreak."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LICENSING BILL.

U.K A. Meetings in Manchester.

"A memorable year " Mr. Lief Jones, M.P., presid- ing at the Annual General Council of the United Kingdom Alliance, at Manchester, on Tuesday, called the past year, and said its passing found the Alliance with unbroken courage and quickened enthusiasm. The Government Licensing Bill, in its Local Option pro- visions, embodied the policy of the Alliance, as pressed on the Prime Minister before the Bill as introduced. The time limit was held to be too long, and they would not have any extension of it. The Bill needed strengthening in regard to grocers' licences, Sunday closing, exclusion of Children, closing on election days, and clubs; but the temperance party was firmly united for the Bill, the studied moderation of which had not prevented a wild outcry of interested opposition. The Bill had behind it the splendid unity of the temperance foroes, and also all organisations that make for the uplifting of the people. Mr. Leif Jones was re-elected president. Subsequent speakers included the Right Hon. T. W. Russell, M.P., Mr. T. H. Sloan, M.P., Mr. Charles Roberts, M.P., Sir George White, M.P., the Hon. Geoffrey Howard, M.P., Sir Wilfrid La wson, Bart., Rev. Canon Hicks,M.A., Hon. A. Wilmot, M .L.A. (Cape Colony), Rev. Joseph Cocker, of New Zealand, and Rev. D. V. Lucas, of Toronto. The Government Licensing Bill was the chief topic of every speech. AR were warmly applauded, and the greatest unity and enthusiasm were shown in support of the Bill. The ,principal resolutions passed cordially thanked the Prime Minister and the Government for courageous statesmanship in their oonduot of the Licensing Bill, and specially for the three-fold' inclu- sion of Local Option, and rejoiced in the support of the Labour party, of many notable Unionists, the Free Churches, and a majority of the Bishops. Further resolutions protested against any extension of the time limit held to be already excessive; called for strengtheningi amendments, and urg ed persistent exer- tions n support of the Bill. Vigorous addresses were also given by speaker* from New Zealand and Canada, claiming great success of Local Option in those colonies and other countries. THE ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING.

It was an immense gathering in the Free Trade Hall, at night which welcomed Mr. Winston Churchill, ALP., President of the Board of Trade, when he took the chair, and as many people waited outside as gained admission. Few, if any preceding annual meetings. have displayed such capacity fer enthusiasm, and probably no chairman ever had a greater reception Mr. Churchill won tremendous cheering when he attri- buted the present advanced position of temperance reform to the fire kept burning by the extremists, and by declaring the Government, Licensing Bill would clear the way to full and effective popular control, and also that this was no time for compromise. Mr. Leif Jones, M.P., moved a tesolution, which was passed, thanking the Government for the Bill, and recognising great support accorded to it by all progres- sive forces. Mr. Jones eulogised Mr. Churchill as being in his right place as chairmen. Right Hon. T. W. Russell, M.P. declared it would pay the country if the Bill were carried, even though they lost their Liberal majority, and gave reasoned argument why the Lords should not reject the measure. Sir John Ciorst, K.C. agreed that the drink traffic was a most gigantic evil. It hindered all social reform, caused poverty, and unemployment, and inflicted fright- ful misery and awful cruelty on children. He hoped the Government would stick to their guns, and they would carry their measure with full 'approval of the British people. Hon. E. S. Montagu, said that if the Bill were beaten England would be the poorer; how could this country fulfil her imperial mission if her people were governed by a trade? Stirring addresses were also given by Sir George White, ALP., Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Bart.,Mr. C. Duncan, M.P., Rev. Dr. Brook, and Canon Hicks. A crowded overflow meeting was held in the Friends' Meeting Hous, at which addressee were delivered by Mr. D. J. Shackleton, IV.P., who presided, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Charles Duncan, M.P., Mr. T. H. Sloan, M.P., and others. The hall proved much too small for the vast crowds who were anxious to gain admittance, and similar resolutions to those adopted at the Free Trode Hall meeting, were unanimously carried. Mr. Churchill got a great reception at this meeting, and, in reply to several suffragists who had made interruptions during his speech, Mr. Chnithill, amidst much.applause, said the temperance movement would stand to gain if women only had the vote, as the drink traffics affected the home, the children, and the best interests of the nati,

li

NAP tLE N wi=4 SAID s=s!lv

"An army marches on its stomach.' By that he meant that half-starved men are not strong enough to march And you know that. Half-starved men itnd women ve got strong enough to *oric, or to play and be happy. You should also know that Indigestion means slow starvation. More than half the people who soon tire and become depressed, who fedi life a burden and who go listlessly to their day's-work, would find lift a daily song if they set their diges tion right with Mother Seigel's Syrui —the digestive tonic compoundet of roots and herbs. Test it yourself

Mother Seigel's Syrup is now prepared TaSlot Form as Mother Seigel's B.'ttlp Tablets. 2/9 per bottle.

Caw=

MEW ;

MGT sE/ v. ge4 tt, 4: " 2,2=i .1-1‘;- •It

[on. -.0. . --------;--------,*-;71.--• ''''''''..- --j--------,-. . ..........,,d9.'s ..y. 9 ~............177: 'l. :I,OE--.% -.. s ,-----_-_--'-—• \ ----'-------_--- '•--.----'.' "1"4„,..t....•.4.••,':h•- .-7--'------------ . ----_-__---- --- i ~, ''; ..,......-`;`•—a•—•••••;•,:,;.• ' 4*".,,, • ~ —." " ,---_-----.--, ...I" .. ,t..r.,•-•„„....,_ % • ..,, . n ....ka, t, '—'4 '-,i.-s. '''' ,1 . ..,44.0). • ••,- • , ;..1.*:',..5i.., ":'"'-'r,,, 71,0-;: , '''' ..°.f. , -.•-- 1 v • : , .....,- t Fl''''''',WCW4s-',. ,if,l4-1* • ,:. iNc0i....,„ A .....t.‘", -.. 1

===== 0002601_19081017_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
SYRUP

Sy DEAR CHILDREN, You will find a. further selection et essays in this week's paper, and I shall print another lot next week, and then the Competi- tion will be absolutely closed, and the prizes awarded. I am very pleased that the subject was suggested by one of my members, as in no other Competition has such interest been shown. Now, as October is drawing on, I wish to make arrangements for our Christmas Com- petitions. I want my members to send me sug- gestions, Just sit down and think what you can easily do yourself, and then write me. I want to have Competitions that all of you can enter for, and not those that apply to a few. For instance, painting could be selected, but I am sure all of you cannot paint, and, conse- quently, marTy would be debarred from enter- ing. Think about it, and send on your sug- gestions during the next week or two. I shall not forget to send a little present to the senders of the accepted ideas. With love, UNCLE NED. KINDNESS TO ,ANIMALS. '(Continued from last week.)

The donkey, which is sometimes called stupid by ignorant people, is a useful animal. They call him stupid because he is obstinate, but obstinacy is caused through ill-treatment. When a donkey has a heavy load to draw, the master should encourage it with coaxing words and give it as much help as possible. In one case the donkey has to suffer for the wanton pleasure of human beings. For instance, at holiday times one of the amusements is that of a donkey running up and down a road with a person on its back, followed by a man or a boy flourishing a stick, which he constantly brings down on the poor creature's back. This, if carried on to too great an extent, causes great pain and suffering on the part of the animal. It is a very common sight in the streets of London to see a man with a per- forming bear. Now, the question is, How are they taught to do it? People say that bricks are heated, and the victim forced to stand on them. Naturally, the bear would not keep still, but would at Once begin to dance about. If this is done, several times, the animal be- comes used to the sensation, and when it is taken into the streets it does the same action. These performances are contrary to the laws of nature', and should not be allowed. The men train them in order to obtain money, so that they shall not have to work themselves. We can discontinue this by refusing to give the men money.

All of us know that a cat arid her kittens affords us a very amusing sight. If you put a saucer of milk on the ground, and ,call the cat and her young ones, the mother will make a noise, Meaning the young ones to have some first. When she thinks they have had suffi- dent, she will_then drink herself. There are many kinds of anitials and many classes. Another name for a domestic animal is an ani- mal which is kept in the house kr household purposes, such as a dog. Some dogs are kept as pets, others as house protectors. They are very useful, as well as being domestic. Dogs are divided into many (ilasses, according to their breed, some being more valuable than others. There is a difference between domes- tic and useful animals. For, instance, a sheep 'is a useful animal, but not domestic. From it we obtain wool, and some are killed for their meat, which is called mutton. People do not care for noxious or mischievous animals,- such as the monkey. The monkey, which greatly resembles the human being, with the excep- tion of its tail, is very destructive, destroying anything that comes within its reach. They range foreign countries, and are very frolic- some little creatures when at liberty; In. the London streets it is not an unusual sight to see a little Italian boy leading one of 'these ,little animals by a long chain. We ought to be just- as kind to these animals as we are to the horse or dog; although they are so very mischievous. A wild animal is not at all 'what we should call civilised. Their coats are generally the colour of their surroundings. The tiger, for example; with its striped coat, matches the long grass of the jungle in which it makes its home. The snake is another ex- ample of a wild animal, although it is really a reptile. It has a very long, green body, which is encircled by black rings. Both the tiger and snake can, therefore, make themselves in- visible, becanse they are coloured accordinL to their surroundings. These animals are very hostile to human beings, and in olden times, when there were so few skilled doctors, they often used to be the cause of their death. The following extract shows that animals have all the gifts of Nimair beings, although•in smaller quantities, and are in no way different to OUT-

The same force fashioned the sparrow That fashioned the, man, the king,

The God of the whole gave feeling

To furred and feathered -thing;

And I am_ ray_ brother's .keeper,

And I Vain fight his fight,

, And speak a word for beast and bird, _ _ _ . . . .

Till the world doth set things right. VIOLET SANDY. Servant (to mistress): " Where shall I take this prescription to, mum'? " Mrs. Sharpeye Mastless): " Anywhere, except Pillbox and Co.'s. Their goods are not fresh. I bought a postage stamp of them yesterday, and it was last year's issue." LOIIIH WATSON.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
-4-

Tramp: "My pard says ye jist guy six- pence_for_hayin' one leg:"_

B. Nevolent: "Yes, fdid." Tramp: " Gimme a shillin'. I've got two."

One of those fellows who are always gettlng up statistics says if 32,000,000 women should clasp hands they could reach round the globe. They had better attend to family matters.

KINDNESS TO ANIMALS.

We show our kindness to animals by keeping them from all cruelty we can privent, or by attending regularly to their wants when they are entirely dependent upon us. If we look very carefully at either animals or insects, and see how beautifully they are made: I think we should often stop this cruelty to poor dumb animals when we -see it.. In Japan and Italy, the animals are kindly taken care of, and people send money, that these homes for animals should not have to be given up. Also, in England, societies are being formed for the protection of animals. The horse is a very valuable animal, and faith- ful to man. Its fondnese to those who look after it should be regarded, and a great "deal more care bestowed on it. By el-Ll:wing your kindness to animals, I Mean, to study its habits, and giv it food that is necessary for it. The sheep is a very useful animal, and it seems very cruel to cut off the sheep's wool, but, instead of being cruel, it is a kindness to them, for .in summer, when it is so hot, the sheep's wool is a great trial to it, and its wool is needed to be made into woollen clothes. Dogs are very knowing animals, and seem to understand what we say to them. There arc some animals that I have not said anything about, because I cannot see the U—se of them- There are black beetles, frogs, toads, mice, and others that I can only say one thing about, and that is that God created them, so that they must be made for some pmpose, so they look to us for protection: If clitharen are allowed to practise cruelty when they are young, they grow up hard-hearted men and women. Kindness to animals is a very inl- p'ortant thing; it is everybody's duty to be kind to animals, because they are not gifted with speech as we are, and, with kindness. we maY train them to love us, and come at our com- mand. In England, as it is in every civilise(' country, any one who is found treating animals with cruelty is punished. If God loves the animals and insects, we ought to make some good use of them. In Great Britain the kind- ness to animals is much better. I must now finish my essay, and I hope that cruelty wig soon be done away with, and kindness reign: in its place. 001,1STAlicE ALICE BLISSITT.

• MY UNCLE PETER. My_ old Uncle Pete 's a famous re!:.ktel:

Of -marvellous 'stories; but my Uncle Peter

Is a vigorous foe and a rigorous hater' Of wile and of guile; he despises a cheater; He's frank and sincere on a very large scale, And this is his manner of telling a tale: _ "Oh, once in the chivalric days of bid, , In the wonderful long ago, _ _ _ _

• There dwelt a Giant full bad and bold But this is not fact. you know)— In whose darksonae dungeon a maiden. fair,

Whom .atrociouey he had gtole; She languished and wept (to be candid, there Was no such a girl, nor hole)._ " But, lot on a rapturous morn there rode

A valorous Knight that way; His snowy palfrey be brave bestrode

(Don't credit this fiction, pray), - And straight he sprang from the noble sreed; His sword it gleamed in the sun. And the dragon that guarded that gate (s

deed Which he could by no means have donel, "He felled at a blow, and with mighty farce lie battered the ,dungeon wall, And he seized the sorrowing maidl

course It never transpired at all)— And he slew the Gist-A, the dauntae.ss youth, And the beauteous maid he wed (But you mustn't imagine a grain of truth In a single word that I'vo said)."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
_+___

Born in Air.—Simkins: "I say, old man, can you answer me this question? If a boy was born up in a balloon, of what nationality Would he be ? " Sharpe: "Well, I should say Scotch." Simkins: "How ever do you make that out?" Sharpe; "Why, because he would be born in Ayr, of course."

In IL- & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets.

TIIE LANCET :—" An excellent Jelly, possessiog:fl flavour of quite a natural character."s GOELD DA L JELLIES,

;-*4-.•;' „ :-"- .:WA.',,-.. ,-", at . eit ''''' . _______ • ... -

I

a

I

I

/ I I

••• •

1

===== 0002601_19081017_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t t

1

1

===== 0002601_19081017_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

OCTOBER. TROA ARRINOION

Acton budge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 1210, 1 15. 2 55, a 3 35, 5:2, 5 52, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m, a Medusa-lays and Saturdays only. _ Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, ! 58, 1142, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 442, a 6 28, 7 20,8 37, • P.m. r3andays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (Land N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22, 5'30, 1 11,8 35,9 58,11 42,11 55 a.m. 1 54, 4 42,6 28, 7 20, . 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 e p.m. Chester-7 31, S 17, 8 58, 95, 1028, 11 30 a.m 43 30, 1 40, 20, 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 5 30, 6 4, 57, 85, 10 18, 11 19, 11 57, p.m. Sundays-- 8 42, a.m. 745, 11 37 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 8 5, 8 28,9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 1225,245,345, 515, 637,78, 740, 930, 10 35 P. 131. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. paresbury-7 34, 9 55. m. 12 30,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, " 1,8 5, 10 13 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 34, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 445, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Barlestown-5 30,7 11,8 5, 8 23, 8 35,9 19, A) 15 AO 55, 11 a a.m. 1225,. 1 15, 2 45, 3 45, 40, 11 15, 6 37, 78, 7 40, 9 30," 10 30, all 30 p.m. ▪ Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 8 35, 843 a.m. 10 60, 7 57, 10 8 p.m. , Fiddlers' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. I 55, 3 20, 3 17, 5 15, 6 20, 80, 104 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95, 10 28 a.m. 12 SO, 20, S 19, 422 4 45, 530, 64, 7 57, 85, 10 18, 11 18 Fan. Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30,7 11, 535, 1055, 11 55 S.M. 1 15, 40, 5 15, 72), 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Ilelsby-7 34, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 445, 530, 64, 85,10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m, ' 'dam and Cadishead -6 55,7 45,8 10,9 3,9 8,10 35a.m. L 6,458,7 10,8 22,0 15, 10 4, all 50 p.m. Sundays 9 22, 11 S a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18,930 p.m. a Satuzdays y. Latchford-6 13, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55,10 53 Lm. 1233, 111, 226, 335, 40, 15, 6 10, 7 25. 118 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 630, 846 a.m. 35, 810 13.110. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-al 40, 537, 7 5. 7 51, 85, 850, • 9 50, 10 35, 1050, 11 50 am. 120, 1250, 18, "1 1• 3, 1 50. 2 17. 2 50, 3 25, 3 50, 4 2, 4 15' 62, 6 50, 7 5, 7 50,8 0, 8 50,9 3, 9 45, 1° 5, 1040, blO 42, bll 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays . 7,3ccePted, b Saturdays only, Saturdays excepted, 4-)uudays 4 40. 5 37, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 3,9, 4 46, 6 22,7 10, 8 29,9 18,10 20, 10 43 p.m. 8 41verpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 26, 7 11, 7 27, 2 "?., 919, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, sl 10, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 315, 620,78, 740, 80, k sO, 10 4, 10 35, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. Alondays only. cSaturdays only.Sandays,4 51,5 20, 9 5 man, 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,8 0, 10 8 p.m. 1-,Yman-615, 717, 755, 830, 90, 955, 1053 1233, 111, 226, 335, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 725, 'IVO, 9 30, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from .b 131e9. Sundays 6 30, 8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,b11 40 p.m. , stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 45, a 4 45, b 4 56, b 7 11, 85, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. lU 8* 17,1 15, 2 41.245, 331,4 0,4 25,5 15,553'6 33,7 20, b 9 23, 10 30, a Iklondays only, b Saturdays only. ;Mays, 2 45-, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15,6 0, 7 57,9 3 p.m. , 1)5, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 922, 9 40, 10 se p.m. Sundays 14,4 50,7 55 a.m. 5 15, 60,7 57p.m. aMondays , b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 8 10, 8 55, .955, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 1255, 155, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 655 710, 755, 822, d• 5, 9 15, 9 55, blO 4, bfl 25, 11 50 p.m. 7, Saturdays only. Sundays -9 22, 10 18, 1)1 la am aO, 3 15, 457, 50, 718, 8 53, 15,930, 10 5 p.m. .ore-7 40 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 2 55, 5 s'l, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. dn 4 Weesda-ys and Saturdays only. Mk ?'Tewton-le-Willows-2 45,b4 45,5'30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 10 15, 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 17, 12 25, 134,245,351.40, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33,,7 20, 4,3, 1030, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 13, a.m. 3.35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 10 8, P.m. 4 Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Fadgate-G 55, 7 45, 8 10, 8 40, 10 35, 11 22 1219, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, • '5, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 0 3 . Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45, 109, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, ° 20, 3 47, 5 15, 20, 80, 104 p.m. B,rkeY-7 5, 85,9 5, 10 0, 11 10 a.m. 12 0, b 1 0 . 14, 2 21, 35, 420, 5 30, 6 26, 75, 80, 910 5,510 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 239, o.m. 913 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. „Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 835, a 9.39, 11.4, a.m. 3.28, 4 20, 50, b 6. 20, 6 20, 80, 9.10, 10.40, P.m. e. Sundays, 9.32, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays 6'lcePted. Thelwall-G 15, 717, 7 55, 830, 9 0, 9 55, 1053, a•Ta• 12 33, 1 11, 226, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, tea 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 6 30,4 46 5,8 10 p.m. Saturdays only Arpley Station.

I

===== 0002601_19081017_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROSI

POSTAL AND SAY NU BANK REGULATIONS

For further particulars see "Post Office Guide," at any Post Office. POSTAGE STAM PS.

Books containing 12 penny, and 23 halfpenny stamps are now on sale at each post office. Price 2s. COT

INLAND CORRESPOiiDENCE.

The term "Inland Correspondence " means cor- respondence posted within the United Kingdom,. Including the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands. " Inland Correspondence" is dirided into the following classes : (a) Letters (d) Newspapers (b) Postcards (e) Parcels (c) Halfpenny packets - Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trans- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation.. being that of size.

LETTEIt POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows : Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... Id. For every additionai.2. 0z5.... t.: ... id. •

' A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a letter insufficiently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one foot in depth. POST-CARDS.

The prepaid rate Of postage On every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 5+ inches in length by 3+ inches in width, or be less than 3+ inches in length by 21 inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and finely-wide) bearing the address may now be affixed to the address side of card. If any of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. HALFPENNY PACKET POST.

The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 20z. in weight. Printed matter, &c., not in the nature of a letter, may be transmitted by this method. NEWSPAPER POST.

The prepaid ra-te.of-pc-iiiitie on l'iegistered news- paper, including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others is fd. Newspapers not registered at the General Post Office are treated in the post like any other printed matter. • PARCEL POST. The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: For a parcel ... not exceeding 1 lb. 0 3 exceeding 1 lb. 2 lb. 0 4 f,ç ys 2 lb. 3 lb. 0 5 3 lb. if 5 lb. 0 6 sth. 71b. 0 7 „ 7 lb. 8 lb. 0 8 8 lb • 9 lb. 0 9 If „ 9 lb. „ 10 lb. 0 10 ff 10 lb. „ 11 lb. 011 "No parcel may exceed 111 b. in weight. The size allowed for an inland parcel is : Greatestlength... 3 ft. 6 in. Greatest length and girth combined 6 ft. 0 in. ' For example—A parcel measuring 3ft. 6in, in its longest dimensions as much as 2ft. 6in. round its thickest part; a short parcel may be thicker ' • thus, if it measure no more than 3ft. in length, it may measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. The postage on a parcel must be prepaid. Mark each parcel" Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of.a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postage are in order before leaving. PARCELS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL). Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similar to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- • ments the contents must be declared. The cnstotna charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must be prepaid. MONEY ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issue a single money order for more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a id. can be contnined in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 2d. ; £3, Sd.; £lO, 4d.; £2O, 6d. ; £3O, Bd. ; £4O, 10d. By paying an additional 2d. aud cost of the telegram of advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order i may be issued for places abroad varies n each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ; £2, 6d. ; and above that, 3d. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A fee of 6d. in addition to the ordinary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS. - ,

- These are obtainable at any money order office in the United Kingdom, and possess the advantage over money orders that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed, they can be paid into, a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by 6d., from 6d. to £1 Is. The poundage fees are up to 2s. 6d.; id. up to 155.; lid. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always fill in the name of the person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is numbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should be retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- maater-General will entertain no further claim after an.order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to makeup odd sums.

Acton Bridge-6 31,7 40, 8 54,939,10 57 a m. 12 31, 4.3,°,3 53, 4 38, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 759 a m. 4 42 p.m. ' A7ecinesdays and Saturdays only. : Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 22, 9 55, 10 20, 11 10, 12 45 a.m. at 39, 3 3, 5 5, 6 48, 8 30,9 40, 10 5, IP 25 p.m. Sundays 7 10 a.m. 1 15, 4 52, 8 50, P.m. a Saturdays only. 13Iackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, rg ;17, 11 25 MU. 1 37, 3 23, 5 20, 7 0, • ''' 10 0, 1030 p.m. Sundays 730 a.m. 137, 58, 7 5d Nu. . 1 Chester-9. 15, 420, 7 20, 845,9 38, 10 12, 1040, 61345 a.m, 22, 25, 30, 350,43, 50, 525, 4,9,, 7 35, $ 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 15, '9,6 40,7 15 a.m. 6 55, p.m. 1 Collins Green-6 30, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. h2_45, 2 0, 3 5, 3 50, 5 38, 6 42, 7 37, 9 6, 10 43, alo 53 -'"'• SundaY; 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays °lay. • - :9 I?.aresbury-8 9, 10 15,11 21 a.m.2 44,4 44,6 6, 7 10, 44 P.m. Sundays 733 a.m. 747 p.m. ' a `Junham Hill-, 7-34, 9 50,10 52 a.m. 2.17,4 17, 5 35, 823 p.m. Sundays 6 55a.m. 7 9 p.m. : rlestown-7 2,7 13, 845, 850.9 15, 945, 1028, 11 25 a.m. 1238, 1 14, 2 13, 327, 4 51, ~p3•l, 554, 655, 745, 88, 9 10, 939, 10 47, 10 56, • a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 32, 9 53, ' -•, 10 3 a.m. 3 15, 7.23, 10 16 p.m. ▪ Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 51, 9 42, 10 45 12 3, ay) 38, 2 11, 3 27, 54, 6 2,G 53, 9 19 p.m. undays 822 a.m. 2 57,82 p.m. a Seturdays only. g „rodBhana-7 40,0 0, 9 53, 11 4, a.m. 2 26, 4 9,4 20,- 7 0.116., 8 33, p.m. Sundays 7 12, 729 a.m. il,p 9 ,Clolborne-6 44,8 26,10 17,a.m. 12 17,2 41, 430, 79,0, 7 13, 9 '6, 10 37 a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. t," P.m. I 4‘riSbY-741,8 56,9 51,10 58, a.m.12 10,2 22,1 4,4 22 ;-,. 347, 8 23 p.m. Sunday 73,7 25 a.m. 7 18 p.m. i g t‘Pana and eadishead-6 16, 6 48, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, i 019, 10 23 a.m. i 7, 2 15, 4 51, 7 4,8 56, 11 20, p.m. Irdays-8 30,916, 1050, a.m. 1 20, 2 22, 6 55, 8 50, P Pan. tt, Latchford-7 55, 840, 9 22. 100, 11 11 a.m. 1 20. M 2 13. 30, 3 33, 425, b 5 39. 69, 6 49, 7 49, 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays 73ccePted. 0 Arpley. Sundays 833 a.m. 2 33, 23. Pao. ti Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 7 48, 111,21 8 30, 8 36. 9 15, 9 30, 9 33, 9 43, 10 30, 2‘..,9„u, 1143 a.m. 1239, 1255, 13, 130, 145, • . a "12, 2 35, 2 43, 40, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 530, 630, Op 7 30, 8 SO, 836, 840, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 P.M. a Mondays and Saturdays only. . Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 40, "'II. 230,3 15, 3 50, 430 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 935, p.m. , a Frlverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50, 6 10,7 0, 85, a ~, 9 5,9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 21: 1 20,. 2 45,3 0, 101 1(395,113,1 20, 4 50,5 10,6 10, 6 55,,S 25, 8 35,9 o,blo 5 • h„:15. b 1115 p.m. a '3londays only. b Saturdays Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10,6 30,7 15,1045 p.m. : I !lium-7 49,832 9 11, 9 52, 11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37 1,9, 2 50, 3 39, 4 15, b 5 31, 61, 6 41, 731, 9 45 P•ra. a Saturdays only. b Saturdaysexcepted 05a ys 8 15 a.m. 2 23, 7 15 p.m. 9 tlnchester(Central)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, I,l°' 9 33, 10 30, 10 35, 11 39 ...in. 12 30, 1250, 70, 2 30, 3 30, 3 55, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 6 0, 6 30, 645, 44, 830, 835, 925, 1020, n 1055, 11 0 p.m, 10 ~Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 9 0, 9 30, 9,0 a.m. 1 40, 20,25, 6 0, 6 33, 8 30,9 4 0 p.m. Fl anchester (London Road.)-5 50,6 45, 7 70, 8 5 45°4'9,5, 945, 10 45, 11 10 a.m. 12 33, 1 5,2 40,3 40' '„',, 21, 5 15, 6 0, 7 15, 9 10, 9 30, 10 31. 11 25 p.m., g'',9•ls's 7 50, 920 a.m. 60, 1095 P.m. 73.100re-6 59, 06,11 9 a.m. 12 53, a 3 12,4 8, 4 50, 41" P.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 p.m., a Wednes- pand Saturdays only. 10 ,ton•le-Willorrs-6 55, 7 19, 8 40, 9 7, 9 29, 4 09,10 23,11 8 a.m. 1235, at 5, a 1 28,3 7, 4 6,4 31, alil',s 33, 5 59, 6 27, 7 41, 85, 9 33, 10 2, 10 59. 720 ",1- P.m. Sundays 8 28, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, p-'1 7 P.m. a Saturdays only. ~-' 2 oa.gate-6 27, 658, 80' 8 29. 90,10 3 a.m. 120, OSi 5 5 6 20, 7 15,9 8. 10 25, 1132 p.m. Sundays ~', , 11 I'l a.m. 233, 9 12, 10 11 p.m. 8 i'uncorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 26 RAIL 12 41, 1 4 54, 5 40,- 11 30, 41 -. 9 1 10 90 p. m. Sundays 9 0 a.m. . V 1 • •C . *35 ill e,Y-7 5, 7 59, 8339 25. 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. 0 34 ‘,lO, 2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 20, 5 36, 6 23,7 25, 8 15, 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m,4 3 851 tc:nt°•,_ 3 '..1'•41)9rt-7 50. 90, 19 15, 10 50, 12 25, 1 30, 240 10,'7 ,0 25, 70,8 5, 95, 100. Sundays 9 0, 111 f'CI• a Saturday only. 11 4? wall-7 51, 8 36, 9 18, 9 55, 11 7 a.m. 115, 11 37. 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 19,h 5 35, 6 5, 6 45' 7 35,9 49, qaturi'cl• Sundays, 819 a.m. 2 29, 719 p.m. a aTs only. b Saturdays excepted.

TELEGRAMS (IN-LAND)!

_ The Postmaster-General possesses4lmost entirely, the privilege of transmitting,collecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the United Kingdom. The charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of 6d. which covers 12 words, and an additional L-d. /or each extra word. This charge includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a sub-office then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is' made from the office door. All charges are, as far as possible prepared by affixing stamp l to telegram form, Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, but sender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated on payment of half the original charge, which extra payment Is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or handtd to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the- nee rest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams banded in after the usual hours. The cpst of registering an abbrevi- ated addresq, which must consist of two words, is £1 Is. TELEGRAMS (FOREIGN AND COLONTAL) Must be written on special forms and are accepted in the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS SAM These are established at all money order offices. In ordinary cases the annual deposit must not exceed £5O, and the total amount £2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children under seven years of age cannot be withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received 'at a time is Is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps affixed to a special form. Each depositor receives a bank book in which the amount of each deposit should be entered at the time of paying in. If the deposit is £1 or over; a spacial acknowledgment is sent from the head London office. Interest is allowed at the rate of 21 per cent. Any amount up to and including £1 may be withdrawn without previous notice, on presenting a bank book. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking and adding interest. The withdrawal of money can bee xpedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of telegrams., P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK LEkTE CHARGES. The fees for the use of the Trunk lines are as follows: For 25 miles or under ... 3d. ,• 50 „ 11 ft 75 ft ff •.• ..• ... 9d. „ 100 „ every a"ddition"al 40 miles or fraction thereof... ... _ 63._

Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7a re • . minutes conversation is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced charge is made for three minute calls. -- MOTOR CAR AND CYCLE REGULATIONS.

Each one must be registered with the council of a county orkcounty borough, the fee being £1 bored motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A register a number is assigned to each, which it is an offence not to keep affixed whoa driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from, the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other effences. The highest speed at which a car may be driven on the publio highways is 20 miles an hour, which is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the 9fotor Car Act (1903), to drive a car in such a way on a public highway as to be dargerous to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to be presence of the motor car on the road, the river must supply his name and addrEss, and the twner and number of the car, under heavy penal- odie The driver must produceh is licence at the sequest of a police constable.

The Examiner, Saturday October 17, 1908.

, RUGBY FOOTBALL.

RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES. Goal of any description 2 points. Try 3 points. Australians

THE NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

G. T. P. G. T. 1,.* *Salford *Dewsbury 1 1 5 *Hull 0 0 0 Broughton R. 5 319 St. .Helens 0 3 9 Swinton Warrington 8 4 28 *Merthyr Tydvil 3 2 12 Runcorn *Barry 014 ham 2 416 Leigh 1 0 2. Wigan *Ebbw Vale Warrington's Fine Win at Merthyr.

Warrington went cn their Welsh tour last week end, and were favoured with capital weather, the trip being much enjoyed. The opening match was at Merthyr T.ydvil on Saturday and Warrington scored a handsome victory before 4,000 people. The game was the Lest seen there for years,and Warrington's display of the finer points of the game was much admired. The team was as follows: Tilley, full Lack ; Fish, Dickenson.Taylor and Cartwright, threeqnarters ; Brooks and Jenkins. half-backs; A. Boardman, P. Boardman,Dow ell, Naylor, Belton and Hewitt forwards. Referee, Mr. W. W. Taylor. Warrington opened in vigorous style and after three minutes' play Dickenson threaded his way through the defence and scored a nice try, which Fish improved. Soon after, the captain dropped a smart goal—a some- what unusual feat for him. The home side were guilty of general rule infringements and Fish kicked three penalty goals in succession. A mistake by Merthyr enabled Naylor to take advan- tage, and Fish again improved the try. Merthyr atiuggled hard, and success at last attended their efforts, for splendid passing between Smith, Paddison, and Bevan resulted in the last-named scoring a try, which James Improved, the interval score beiug —Warrington, 18 _points ; Merthyr, f. points. On the second half play was more even, and James reduced his side's deficit by placing a good penalty goal. Coxineadow took advantage of an opening made by Rees, and as James added the goal Warrington's lead was reduced to half-a-dozen points. Fish and Dickinson, however, in the last quarter gave a remarkable display, and the wing player scored two more tries, which he also improved. Merthyr attacked strongly towards the finish, but the Warrington backs defended well, and the Lancastrians won with 18 ,poiats to spare. Final : Warrington, 8 goals 4 tries (28 points) ; Merthyr, 3 [goals 2 tries (12 points).

I - A DRAW AT EBBW VALE. • On Monday, Warrington appeared at Ebbw Vale and put the same team in the field as on Saturday. Boardman scored two tries in the first half and Fish added goals in each case. Saunders kicked a goal for the home team. At half-time Warrington led by 10 points to 2. In the second half Llewellyn scored a try aud Saunders kicked a goal for Ebbw Vale. Warrington held the lead until near the end, when Dickenson was carried off injured. Davies then scored an equalising try far Ebbw Vale, the match ending in a draw of ten points each. RUNCORN v. TREHERBERT. This match was played at Treherbert on Saturday before a fair attendance. Shortly after the kick-off, passing between Walker Hughes, and Deakin ended in the latter scoring for Walker, the goal-kick failing. Although Treherbert were now having as much of the play as Runcorn, Flannigan fielding a poor kick by F ranc' is passed to Padbury, who scored another uncon- verted try. Immediately afterwards Walker charged down the home captain's kick for Unsworth to score. In the second half Walker and Deakin scored for Runcorn, and Fitzgerald kicked a 400 l for Treherbert. The prominent players for the visitors were Deakin, Padbury, Walker, and Harrison, and for Treherbert . Fitzgerald! J. Thomas, and Came. Just before the finish Harrison was injured, and was taken off. Result: —Runcorn, 5 tries (15 points), Treherbert, 1 goal (2 points).

‘4',l-M.SI

Soid everywhere in boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

Ring up

Telephone No. 355 Y.

PRINTING PRINTING PRINTING

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

===== 0002601_19081017_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
I

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

BALLOONS AND RIFLE SHOTS.

Experiments have been made in Berlin to ascertain the height at which a ballopn may be considered immune from hostile rifle shots. Captive balloons were sent up, and _they were shot at from angles of from 154:1eg. to 45deg. Balloons travelling at a height of from 600 to 2,000 yards could be hit only once out of six shots, while they were absolutely safe at a height of 3,000 yards. Even when struck, the damage to the gas bag was so email that the balloon was able to continue its journey for hours before the escaping gas made a landing necessary.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER STERILISED AT THE TAP.

Ozone is one of our most powerful oxi- disers, and Cltambers's Journal mentions that advantage has been taken of this fact in a novel manner in France. Drinking-water, though passed through many filtering and purifying operations, is yet extensively in- fested with micro-organisms. This latest de- velopment is the introduction of a certain quantity of the gas into the water at the tap, so that when drawn the liquid is to all intents and purposes perfectly sterile. The appa- ratus is very simple, and inexpensive to in- stall, and is economical in operation.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHAPE OF THE SKY.

What is the apparent form of the vault of the sky? There is probably no one to whose eyes it seems a true hemisphere, with the zenith appearing as distant as the horizon. At sea, or in a flat country, the seeming greater distance of the horizon is best shewn. A well-known professor, in discussing this subject, reaches the conclusion that- the form of the vault, in vertical section,. is that of the segment of a circle, the arc of which subtends at the centre an angle of the order of 40kleg. If the reader will draw such a segment, he may be surprised by the amount of flattening which is thus ascribed to the sky. From this optical illusion many curious effects arise, such as the seeming increased Magnitude of the sun and moon when near the horizon. and the apparently oval' forms of halos and eoronas seen at low altitudes.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A TIMBER-MEASURING MACHINE.

A resident of Louisiana, U.S.A., has put upon the market a patented machine which 'a designed to measure timber, and not only measures it, but records the measurements in a way that •is much quicker than the old system, and 'vastly more! accurate The machine has a chute through which the stock- boards or planks are gassed. As they pass through, says the Timber News, they touch a revolvable shaft, which as it turns registers the distance it covers. Each foot is recorded upon an appliance attached to the side, and It is only necessary to consult this register to find how many feet of lumber have passed through the machine. The possibility of mis- takes in measurements is practically elimi- nated, and the stock can be measured by any person, whether he has a knowledge of figures or not.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
ABSOLUTE ZERO.

The recent liquefaction of helium has called special attention to the question of low temperature in, general, and to absolute zero in particular. The suggestion of an ab- solute zero was made by Lord Kelvin in 1848, and the conception arose in this way. It was found that the pressure of a gas de- pended on its temperature according to a certain ,law. Calculation shevved that if this law held universally, then, at a temperature or 273 deg. below the zero of a Centigrade thermometer, a gas would have no pressure ar. all. Now, according to the Kinetic theory of gases, the pressure exerted by them is due to the rapid movement of their molecules, which under ordinary conditions is at the rate of about two and a-half miles a minute. Hence at 273 deg. bqlow zero there would be no movement of the molecules, and hence no heat. Thus the point of zero pressure is also the point of zero heat.

LOWEST TEMPERATURE REACHED.

Recent experimental research has brought

physicists into exciting proximity to the goal of absolute . zero. Liquid hydrogen gives a temperature only 20deg. above it. Liquid helium, again, gives us a temperature of 4•sdeg. absolute, or -. 268'5deg. below Odeg. Cent. .By allowing helium to boil at a low pressure, 3deg,, above absolute zero were reached. This is probably the lowest tem- perature yet attained. It has been suggested that if one of the rarer gases such as the coronium, known to exist in the furthest atmosphere of the sun, could be liquefied, still lower temperatures might • be reached. And when this desired goal of 273cleg. below Odeg. Cent. is attained, two things, the Globe remarks, seem possible. Either -the absolute absence of heat will be found to be still fur- ther off, or the total cessation of movement may mean the annihilation of matter.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW ERA OF SCIENCE.

"This is a scientific period- as remarkable as that in which Sir Isaac Newton discovered the laws ' of gravity;" says -Mr. Waldemar Kaempffert, of the Sciedific American'.

"I am speaking now of pure, not applied, science," he continues. "We are living in what may be called a state of scientific tran- sition. Discoveries in the radio-active sub- stantes, recently or now being made, such as those relating to the degradation of copper ta lithium and the change of radium to helium; have disturbed all previous conceptions and lead us to new theories regarding matter. "What is 'matter? The old philosophers and even the chemists of but a decade ago could find no very satisfactory definition. The Modern physicist, aided by experimental evidence with a Crookes tube and radio-ac- tive substances, is at least

===== 0002601_19081017_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
GROPING NEARER THE TRUTH.

He is quite convincer) at least, that the atom, small as it may be to the popular mind, is gigantic compared with what it ought to be. We find that the leading spirits in the re- vision of our chemistry, men like Sir 0. Lodge, Sir W. Crookes, and Professor J. J. Thomson, have substituted for the old atom a new and very much smaller unit called the 'electron.' According to the new views, atoms are composed of electrons. In size the electron bears the same relation to an atom that a baseball bears to the earth. Or, as Sir Oliver Lodge puts it, if a hydrogen atom were magnified to the size of a church an electron would be the equivalent of a speck a dust in that church.

"According to the old atomic theory, there were seventy odd bits of primorial matter, snch as iron, zinc, lead, gold; copper, and arsenic—bits of matter which were sup- posed to be

ABSOLUTELY UNCHANGEABLE. When Sir W. Ramsay discovered radium, which was considered an element, changed into helium, still another element, and that by means of radium emanation copper (an element) could be degraded to , lithium (another element), what. becomes of this sup- posed immutability of the atom? The elec- tron theory explains away these difficulties. There is but one kind of .matter, according to the newer views. If we arrange electrons in, one way and give them a certain motion we obtain copper; change that arrangement of electrons, or their motion, or perhaps their number, and we obtain lithium. "Thus the new science derives all sub- stances from one primeval variety of matter. In other words, the TRANSKUTATION OF MATTER,

the dream of medireval alchemy, is realised in our own time. We have not succeeded in converting baser metals into gold, but we have succeeded in changing one element to another, which is just as startling from a scientific view-point. Sir Oliver Lodge and Sir William Crookes have not hesitated to bridge the chasm between experimental science and metaphysics. They have boldly built on a system of Physics based partly upon the experimental evidence of the labo- ratory, partly upon sheer speculation, with the result that they have given us perhaps the most beautiful and simple conception of the nuivcrsa. that mankind has ever received."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

G. T. P. ' Leigh Shamrocks 1 311 Oldham 0 1 3 Wigan St. Helens Salford 2 2 10 Widnes Warrington 2 6 22 Pemberton Runcorn

WARRINGTON "A" V. PEDIRRRTON.—Another large crowd assembled at Wilderipool on Saturday, and had the satisfaction of witnessing a hard game end in a victory for the " Wirepullers." Bradshaw was an absentee from the home side. In the first half the visitors were quite the equal of the home set, and the vigorous work of the forwards more than counter. balanced the smart work of the Warrington back division. Kay was to the fore in repeatedly opening out the game, and it was not until the near approach of the interval that a score came, Daintith tiking the ball over near the Rests and Forster kicking a goal. With a lead of five points Warrington entered upon the second moiety full of confidence and Daintith early on scored after flue passing. Lander next brOke through, closely followed by Kaye, this last try being a particularly fine single-handed effort., Harries next crossed, and Warrington maintained the advantage to the close, winning by 2 goals, 6 tries, 22 points to nil.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

RYTANDS' V. WRITECROSS.—These teams tried con- clusions on Saturday on Rylands' enclosure in Gorsey- lane, and a good-game ended in it victory for the home team by three _gaols to two. ORFORD v. Liavrox.—Played at Orford on Saturday with the result: Halton', two goals ; Orford, one goal.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND D

WHITECROSS 2:513 V.TIMLWALT:LTNITED.—At Warring- ton on Saturday. TheIMO! won by three goals to one. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS' LEAGUE. RESULTS TO DATE. _

P. W. D. L. For Agst. P. —Goals— Parochial Heatbside Wye Arpl ey-street 5 ... 2 ... 1 ... 2 ... 10 ... 18 ... 5 Hamilton st 4 ... 1 2 ... 1 ... 8 ... 8 ... 4 St.Barnabas' 1 ... 2 ... 0 ... ... 7 ... 10 ... 4 Trinity St. Mary's 3 1 1 1 6 .. 8 ... 3 St. James' 5 ... 1 ... 1 ... 3 ... 3 ... 5 ... 3 Beamont Christ Church 5 . 0 ... 2 ... 3 ... 9 ... 23 ... 2 Silver street 3 ... 0 ... 1 ... 2 ... 4 ... 10 ... 1 St. Alban's 4 ... 0 ... 1 ... 3 ... 0 ... 10 ... 1

St. Mary's entertained Arpley-street on Saturday and a keen game resulted in a draw. A rather stiff wind interfered somewhat with accurate play. St. Mary's won the toss, and assisted by the wind scored twice through Connor. Arpley-street before the interval lessened the lead and ends wereccharged with the score 2-1 in favour of St. Mary's. It appearld a certain win for Arpley-street, but though a fierce bombardment was kept up on the St. Mary's goal both Richardson and Valente kept cool and managed to avert defeat. Result, 2-2. _ _ .

. The Beamout boys played two draws during the week. In the match with St. Alban's neither goal was captured When they met Christ Church a heavy scoring game was witnessed, each goal falling four times. woodhonse and Williams played good games for their respective sides. _

The fourth draw of the week was registered in the match between Silver-street and Hamilton-street. Dumbell played an excellent game for Hamilton-street, while Nurse dribbled and shot finely for Silver-street. St. James's v. Heatbside. Heathside proved the superior team, their accurate passing being a featn re of the game. St. James' had a smart goalkeeper and two Sturdy backs, and this trio saved their side from total rout.

-Parochial still keep on winning by handsome margins. St. Barnabas', their latest victims, fell by five goals to one. Allen at outside left played a fine game for the winners, his centreing being really splendid. Challoner has improved at centyo.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiffel Tower

ON FLOUR.

A id. packet makes 15 delicious light buns witb certain success, Almond, Lemon, or Vanilla.

rn.M..M-M...1"1..1

===== 0002601_19081017_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
John Walker & Co.

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Examiner Office, BEWSEY STREET.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding,

EVE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, wfalte, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

C m IRCLARS in the neatest style, fro modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMME9 for Entertainments, !Concerts ac., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all ;lliods of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing Bookbinding

Lithography.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP7ION BOOKS Printed. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Bong, Festivals, &a.

CATALuGUE3 for Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradosman.

pRICE LISTS Printed on card or paper Mtn trated, if required.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS "Imi

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest Doster in the district,

,60in. x 40in. in one sheet.

EVERY DESCRIPTION :OF PRINTING

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDBLZ3 AND CATALOGUE,.

CONCERT BILLS LND PRO GRA N M ES'

z);\ INVOICES,

PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, .PAMPHLETS, :IKE BOOKS, MILL WORK,' CATALOGUES,• . CLun RITLEi, PROGRAMMES,' BALANCE SHEETS,

EXECZTF.D AT SHORT NOTICES.

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET,

===== 0002601_19081017_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

QUESTIONS FOR TARIFF REFORINERS.I , -- 1.-If British Trade is unprofitable, and we are being ruined by free imports, how is it that the business profits assessed to Income Tax are always rising rapidly P

The last published Report of the Inland Revenue Commissioners contains a complete answer to the assertion that British trade is unprofitable. Dealing with the assessments to Income Tax, it shows for the period 1808-190; : PROFITS FROM BUSINESSES, CONCERNS, PROFESSIONS, AND EMPLOYMENTS. al Yew 0. 1d Mitch 31. 1898 ... ••. 1899 ... 1900 ... •••

1901 - 1902 ...

1903 ... 1904 ... 1905 ... 1905 ...

401,060 000 416,000 000 436,000,009 466.000,000 438,000 000 492 000 000 502 000,000 505,000 000

509,000 000 519,000,000

Increase... £118,000,000

It can hardly be alleged, in face of these accom- plished facts, that British trade is "unprofitable." A growth of £118,000,000 or 2:5 per cent. in only nine years is exceedingly satisfactory. If we take the record further back we find that in 1809 prgfits were only .Z 173,000,090 ; in. 1878, 1272,000000 ; in 1395, £310,000,000. The importance of these records lies in the fact that they relate to both home and export trade, not to the latter only. G. C.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

—— - - NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication mn4t in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Friendly Societies and the Pensions'

Committee.

Sir,—The different orders of friendly societies in Warrington have just held their quarterly meetings and the majority have passed resolutions regretting that the Town Council had not taken advantage of the privilege granted under the act to co-opt a member or members of friendly societies on the Old Age Pension Committee. As the Council have failed to recognise the just claims of friendly societies it is for us now to take action and endeavour to nominate and secure election of friendly society members at the forthcoming November municipal elections and thus secure direct representation on the Old Age Pension Committee. If friendly societies are earnest in their protesta- tion I shall be pleased to receive requests to hold a public meeting to consider the whole question.—Yours faithfany,

ROBERT PERDUE, District Treasurer, Warrington Equalized Order of Druids. 23, Buttermarket-street, Warrington, October 16th, DOS.

Education Committee and Extravagance. Sir,—So,much has been said,especially of late,about the " irresponsible and extravagent " co-opted members of the above, that perhaps a few facts regarding them may not be out of place. The Education Bill of 1002 contained the principle of co-option and conferred equal administrative powers upon representative and co-opted members. In 1903, the Act became operative in Warrington, and the Borough Council elected the Education Authority, consisting of 21 representative and 16 co-opted mem- bers. It will be apparent to all that Town Council representatives are in the majority, and thus have the power to control. If the Authority's policy has been an extravagant one (and I for one maintain it has not), then the responsibility rests upon the representative members, for not checking same. But further more, the Town Council can ;reject all resolutions of a financial nature that come before them, upon the minutes of the Education Committee. It will thus be seen that there is a counter cheek upon extravagance. The work of the authority, both in the sub-com- mittees and the general body,devolves upon the co-opted members, as the attendance of many of the representa- tive members is so poor. Some scarcely ever put in an appearance, whilst others remain but a short time. I admit they have other municipal duties to perform, but maintain that complaints that are so unjustifiable should not be made against those who are doing the work. The average attendance ef representative members is 58'3, and that of co-opted members 75,1 for this year, thus giving proof of my assertion. Many of the co-opted members are selected by and are responsible to a much larger electorate than some of the representative members ; especially does this apply to Aldermen. I trust, Sir, that the time will soon come when the Education Authorities will be elected by the electors of the town, and for educational purposes only.—Yours truly, EDWIN PLINSTON.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
The November Elections.

Sir,—The Ist of November approaches and with it the usual flutter in the opposing camps of our political parties in regard to our municipal affairs. Last November two good business men were defeated by representatives of the Trade who were going to improve education, to abolish slum dwellings, and improve the general status of the workingman. Again we have the Trade bringing out their candidates for Municipal honours and I suppose making the same glib promises to be decently interred as soon as the election day is passed I am surprised that the electors can be so easily taken in as it is impossible for the Trade to carry out any reform. The Trade is a stumbling-block to education and it is from the customers of the Trade that our slum population is recruited. I feel certain , that the recent black Sunday in Hyde Park will have conferred very little credit on the Trade and will have shown by the scenes that took place not only the necessity of the Licensing Bill but the necessity of a far more stringent measure of temperance reform to curb and restrain this nefarious and evil trade —a trade which is sapping the life-blood of our nationhood, is destroying the moral 1 fibre of our race, and is leading to political suicide and national bankruptcy. No one who votes for a member of the Trade can be voting for the moral or material welfare of the town.-1 am yours &c.. PHIL SQI:7OD.

Sir,—The Tories are concentrating all the effort and energy they possess in opposing the I.L.P. nominees.l Councillor Broadharst with his usual vigour sets about them in a desperate and violent manner, metaphorically speaking. "Mr. Ball and Mr. Hampson are not Labour men, they are Socialists pure and simple " he informs his audience. lherefore, let us diagnose the elements of what should compose a Labour man. In the first place, Mr. Ball and Mr. Hampson are selected by the Independent Labour Party, which is composed of men of various occupa- tions, but at least DO per cent. of them can be termed workingmen, who, by their accummulated subscrip- tions pay tho election expenses, select their candidates, and work for them at election times without receiving the slightest remuneration. Both Mr. Ball and Mr. Hampson are members and are receiving the support of the Gasworkers and General Labourers' Colon, and both are being supported by the Trades and Labour Council. Councillor Ball has supported all the measures likely to benefit the working classes, amongst which may be mentioned— abolition of fees in Council schools, municipal coal supply, and feeding of necessitous children. If these are not credentials enough to call oneself a Labour man I don't know what the credentials of a Labour man should be. In addition Councillors Steel snd Broad- hurst have been displaying their knowledge, I prefer to call it ignorance, of the principles of Socialism. I challenge Councillor Steel to show .us where in any single proposition of Socialism, it is antagonistic to the teaching of Jesus Christ !—Yours truly, LABOR OMNIA VINCIT.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
A School for Anti-Socialists.

Last year the "Standard" commenced a great fight against Socialism. Plenty of ink was spilt to stay the rapid spread of its pernicious doctrines. The Editor appealed to every right-minded Englishman to fight it to the bitter end. Socialism was stripped of its sophisms and sentiment, and the articles of its creed were exposed. It should have been killed but for some unearthly reason it still lives and nourishes. It really ought to die but it won't. The next move to kill the dread disease is, I notice, a school for speakers against it. The Manchester " Guardian" told us the other day that several peers and members of Parliament had visited a "school for anti-Socialists" which has been formed in connection wilh the recently instituted Anti-Socialists Union. Mr. Claud Lowther is chairman of the new organisation, and amongst the patrons of the Union are the Dukes of Westminster and Rutland, Lord Claud „Hamilton, Lord Dorton, Lord Londonderry, Lord

Leconfield, Lord Abinger, and several members of Parliament. The Union proposes to intro- duce into clubs, institutes, and other places trained speakers who have made a special stndy of the case for and against Socialism. Barristers, solicitors, and working men, it is stated, are already among the students at the school, and no speaker will be allowed to represent the Union until he has satisfactorily passed an examination. Another department is for the issue ! of publicathons. Thirdly, an intelligence department I has been established. It is stated that correspondents all over the country will keep this department informed of the progress or decline of Socialism in their particu- lar districts. Later it is proposed to form a circle of writers, sneakers, and M.P.'s who will meet periodically to hold informal debates and exchange ideas and suggestions. One welcomes the school with real gladness ; and to see the names of so many men who work so hard for a living, associated with the movement, should be an inspiration to others. It is rather a pity that the Editor of "The Standard" had not postponed his attack until his soldiers had been better equipped for the battle. To read some of the replies to the questions sent out to prominent public men shows clearly that the school is much needed and will fill, as the advertiser says, a long-felt want. For instance, the Bishop of Croydon, when asked by the Editor to say what he considered to be " the best method of fighting Socialism," replied : "I don't want to fight it. I believe that Socialism is a coming force, and that we must apply ourselves to directing it into wise ways—Christian Socialism, or something in that direction ; but I don't think that it represents the mind of the Church. I feel equally sure that the general principle underlying Socialism is a Christian principle, and that the Church must bend her thoughts more that way." I notice that Mr. W. Peter Rylands is holding an "impartial" inquiry in your contemporary. When the long-drawn-out articles are complete I may have some- thing to ray about them. In the meantime, I would like to emphasize the fact that a school for speakers and writers against socialism has been inaugurated, and I would suggest to Mr. W. Peter Bylands and his confreres that they should take a course of training at the School, and ventilate their profound ignorance of economics before they criticise Socialism.—Yours truly, J 0 UN WOW:MAN.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A PIONEER OF TOTAL]:ABSTINENCE.

Death of Miss Clarke.

Warrington has lost one of its oldest inhabitants and Methodism a valued worker by the death of Miss Elizabeth Clarke who passed away, at her residence, 221, Knutsford-road, on Sunday morning. She was born at Stockton Heath in December, 1318, and was the last member of a worthy and interesting family. Her father the late Mr. William Clarke, who was for over GO years a local preacher and who lived to be SI years of age, became early interested in the temperance move- ment and along with Thomas Eaton, of Stockton Heath, formed what was undoubtedly the first total abstinence society in England. Their meetings were held for several years in the home of William Clarke at Stockton Heath. In 1330 the temperance movement took form under the advocacy of George Harrison Birkett, and a society was established in Stockton Heath. At the first meeting held on April 4th, 1830, Miss Clarke was present and signed the roll as a junior member. She was the sole survivor of those who were present at that historic gathering, and to the end of her life had a clear and vivid remembrance of it. We owe also to her care the preservation of the original roll book and rules of the society. By the aid of these and other documents, Mr. Arthur Mounfield was able some six months ago to prove that Warrington and not Preston was the birth place of the temperance move- ment. In a more recent work, " A Village Centenary," he has given the facts in greater detail and the volume will no doubt be prized as an interesting memorial to William Clarke and his lire work. Miss Clarke was a devoted Wesleyan Methodist and did untiring service for that Church over a long period. As a girl she worshipped in the old chapel in Bank- street, subsequently used as a County Court, and now , serving the purposes of a Ragged Sunday School and Mission. She was an earnest and capable Sunday school teacher and class leader, and for many years conducted a young women's Bible Class in the old school in Buttermarket-street. To the end of her days she maintained her interest in the welfare of the Wesleyan Church, and her work on its behalf may be said to have been the joy of her life. The funeral took place at Hill Cliff° on Wednesday afternoon. The first part of the service was held in Bold-street Church, the Revs. E. Blanshard Keeling and T. Miller officiating. The hymns "Rock of Ages" and "When all Thy mercies" were sung, Mr. F. Hickman presiding at the organ. The Rev. T. MILLER, in the course of an address, said that as one who had recently come to that Church, he felt that it would he better that one who had been acquainted with Miss Clarke for many years should write a few notes. Mr. Moss, of Stockton Heath, undertook -that little duty, and he (Mr. Miller) would read what he had written. Mr. Moss wrote that by the death of Miss Clarke there had been removed from amongst them the oldest mem- ber of the church and one of the very few connecting links between the present and the Methodism of that circuit seventy years ago. She had been a member for seventy-two years, receiving her first ticket as a member on trial on December 7th, 183 G. Like many of the earlier Methodists, she kept a diary and its perusual showed how carefully she watched her inner life. She had few educational and material advantages but she had considerable natural gifts and these improved by mound stimulated spiritual fervour made her a power for good amongst them. As a Sunday school worker, class leader and grayer leader, she rendered long, efficient and fruitful service. She was always ready for every good word and work, but perhaps the two prominent features of her Christian work were her Sunday school class and her society class. She took an intelligent view of Sunday school work and regarded it as one of the most important branches of Christian activity. For many years she walked from Stockton Heath to the old Buttermarket-street school to conduct the young womens class and neither strain of circumstances nor stress of weather prevented her attending. The society class was formed in 1353. The number of members who joined it at different times was 22! and of those 187 were scholars in Buttermarket-street school, a very good proportion and one which if main- tained to-day would be a great help to their church life. The number of times Miss Clarke was present at class meeting was 1239, and in her 50 years as leader she was absent only 15 times. She had been trained in a good school, for her father and mother were devoted members of the Wesleyan Church and her home was one of cheerful Godliness. Her father was for more than fifty years an efficient local preacher, and did yeoman service in his day. They did not gather together, continued Mr. Miller, in the sense of grieving her departure so much as to recognize her long and earnest work for the Church of Christ. They esteemed her for her work's sake. The long day was ti ow over ; she had entered into her rest and was reaping her reward for the services she had rendered in past years. Amongst those present in Bold-street Church or at the graveside, in addition to relatives were : Mr. W. Hickman, Mr. S. Moss, Mr. Geo. Weaver, Mr. J, Holland, Mr. A. T. Lunt, Mr. Reginald Lunt, Mr. A. Mounfield and Mr. J. Whitley. Tha Rev. T. Miller performed the last rites at the graveside.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The _chief feature of the entertlinmont at the Palace and Hippodrome this week has been the Beauty Show for prizes ranging in value from .Z 5 to Mr. Bradbury, the manager, made his debut on Monday evening with an announcement from the stage of the particulars of the competition. Mr. Widdop and his orchestra greeted Hr. Bradbury's appearance with an outburst of melody, the principal theme of which tvas " Put me among the girls." The audience was greatly amused, and Mr. Bradbury could not withhold a smile when the point of the joke reached him. The competition itself afforded much interest to the audience who had 23 samples of British beauty to select from at the first house. Some of them would hardly have qualified for Gaiety Girls, but three were chosen by vote to enter the final contest on Friday evening. Ten competitors entered for the hair competition and some fine "heads " were presented. A. really great turn is given by the Brothers St. Clair, the world's champion bicycle polo and football players. Their tricks on the wheel were amazingly dexterous, while the football match was a real live struggle in charge of a referee. The way the two men wheeled and doubled, shot and dribbled on bicycles was most exciting. A smart parlour turn entitled "Love Germs" is presented by the Smythsons. Unlike so many of its class, the sketch has the merit of originality and the business is bright and an:lush:lg. Pete and Juno are a couple of coloured comedians, whose forte is sand-dancing, at which they are extremely clever. Steve Bartle, the concertina soloist and vocalist, earns enthusiastic encores by his expert handling of the popular instrument. He performs on various sizes of concertina, one of which can be comfortably stewed away in a trousers pocket, and is yet capable of real melody. Annie Heath is a pleasing comedienne and dancer, whose singing and dancing are above the average. There is plenty of dancing this week, and none do better than the Five Broadway Girls, who are excellent exponents of the high-kicking art. One of the troupe appears as the Gibson Girl in the tradi- tional black velvet frock and an amplitude of curves. The biograph pictures are new and interesting, and some tasteful orchestral selections are given daring the interval, and throughout the beauty competition. RESULTS OF THE BEAUTY COMPETITION% The results of the beauty and " hair" competitions were announced last night as follows :—Beauty, 1 Annie Smith, 2 Lillie Richardson, 3 S. Dobson. Hair,

1 Miss Gaskell. Cowelatiort prizes will be given to- night.

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAIIIIE.

Next week we are to have a visit from the great Karno troupe of comedians in an entirely new and up-to-date burlesque. " Humming Birds," a musical travesty on the modern music hall, direct from the Oxford and Tivoli, London. The Karla° troupe are amongst the most famous of laughter-makers, and this their latest triumph should prove a great attraction in Warrington. A --most interesting programme will also be contributed to by the following : Winifred Ward, the immaculate boy ; Lillie Hayes, comedienne ; Denaro Brothers, juvenile equilibrists and acrobats ; Dan Whitley, eccentric comedian ; Bains and Reed in their original speciality "Humpsti Butnpsti " ; Cliff and Kean, comedy artistes.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. " By Ovallst."

ANOTHER WELSH INTERNATIONAL SECURED. It was hoped sincerely that Warrington's Welsh tour would be productive of players as well as points, and the hope has been justified by results. Three out of four possible points were obtained, and the signature secured of W. O'Neill of Cardiff, an Inter- national forward and reckoned to be one of the best players in Wales. My readers will reaollect that, a fortnight ago, I said there were hopes of Warrington securing another international forward. O'Neill was the player in question.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
IV. O'NEILL.

A Cardiff correspondent sends me the following : Warrington's latest recruit, William O'Neill of Cardiff, is the cleverest forward Wales has possessed for many years. His forte is his capacity for starting the backs from open play and his club has won many matches through his skill in this respect at times when the forwards have been badly beaten in tight scrummaging. His latest success was at Bristol last Saturday week when three tries resulted directly from his passes. Lie is not a bustling type of forward though he has weight,(l3 stones,lolbs)is fairly fast over a short I distance and tackles thoroughly. In the hurly burly of stern forward play he would not be so serviceable as Dowell, his fellow Welsh International, but he has a keen eye for an opening and is a more skilful dribbler, and in a rush seems always to realize when to pick up and throw to the backs and when to keep the ball a-rolling before the feet.

He is several years older than aiwell, in fact he is entering the thirties, but he has lived a clean life, is practically a teetotaller and has never been over- trained, his habits and his employment keeping him unusually fit. O'Neill as his name signifies is an Irishman, and he is a Catholic. Possibly the absetice of the line-out from the Northern Union rules will rob his play of much of its attractiveness but O'Neill will be an acquisition for reason of his football intelligence.

The news of his resolution to join the Northern Union came as a thunder-clap to the Welsh public as O'Neill appeared to be the last man to make the jump. He has plated for Cardiff since 1807-8 the year of the famous Gwynn Nicholls' captaincy, and for Wales he has played on ten occasions and in all matches last season.

An interview with O'Neill has been published by the " South Wales Daily News," which states : O'Neill was at the smoking concert given by the Cardiff Club last evening to the Australians and to welcome home It. A. Gibbs and J. L. Williams from Australasian tour. It did not leak out that he had joined the professional ranks, but he had consulted some of his friends and taken them into his confi- dence. When told that the fact of his "going over "would be reported in the next morning's newspapers, O'Neill, who had been disinclined to make any public announcement until he leaves Cardiff on Friday, said he would like it to be known that he did not leave his old club in pique, and would have remained an amateur if he could have afforded to ignore the offer made to him. "I go," he said, to better myself. I have a wife and a child, and lam only a working mm. I was offered £lOO down, and I could'nt resist it— indeed I felt at the time and I now feel it too, that I would have failed in my duty to my wife and my young child if I had not taken the chance—it takes a working chap along time to save £lOO you know. It may be all right fer well-to-do people to say they prefer amateur sport—l have been satisfied with that myself until now—but let them put themselves in my position. " My one regret (concluded O'Neill with an exhibition that could only be taken as of genuine feeling) is that I have to leave Cardiff, where I have many friends, and where I have received every kindness from the old club committee, officials and my fellow-players. I had to wrestle with myself before I could put pen to paper to sign myself to go North because of the happy days I have spent in Cardiff, but we—my wife and I—think it was the best thing to do, and I hope my old football friends will try to place themselves in my position before condemning me."

O'Neill has been selected to play to-day in the great match with Wigan at Wilderspool. Warrington will need all the assistance he can give them to check the onward march of the collie's. SOIL I see no reason why Warrington should fear the issue of the match. They never have been frightened of Wigan, and there is no reason why they should begin to quake now. Wigan can be well beaten, as Leigh showed a fort- night ago, and if Warrington rise to the occasion in 'their old style they should have a fair chance of success. Dickenson's injury is a serious blow and quite disorganises the three-quarter line, which will probably be Warrington's weakest point. Determina- tion can make up for a lot of cleverness, and I don't think Cartwright and Lmdir will fail for want of trying.

The selected team is : Tilley, full back ; Fish, Cartwright, Taylor and Landor, three-quarters • Brooks and Jenkins, half backs ; A. Boardman, P. -Boardman, O'Neill, Dowell, Belton and Naylor, forwards.

The " A " team will have a severe task at Wigan, but they have a good side available : Mclntyre, full back; Bradshaw, Oakes, Lloyd and Jordan, three- quarters ; Kay and Daintith, half backs ; Harmer, Hewitt, Fairhurst, Harrison, Bradshaw and Chester, forwards.

It is rather curious that Warrington should have given exhibitions worthy of their palmiest days, both at Merthyr and Ebbw Vale. The spectators at each match said it was the best seen on their ground since the advent of the Northern Union. At Merthyr the Warrington men particularly distinguished them- selves, scoring 28 points to 12. Fish kicked seven goals in succession and scored a couple of tries, while the combination between Dickinson and his wing was brilliant. The pair were repeatedly cheered for clever football.

On Monday Warrington should also have secured full points Irani Ebbw Vale, but for an unfortunate accident to Dickenson. The team scored 10 points to 2 before the interval, and looked certain winners. The Vale forwards caught Dickenson when he had no one to pass to and downed him heavily, with the result that he was led from the field with a cut on the head and a twisted knee. Warrington were thus weakened at a critical stage of the game, and the home team manacled to equalise the scores on the call of time. The scorer was " Dai " Davies, who played full back for the Vale, and followed up a short punt near touch and scrambled over. His old comrades were not quite as pleased as be was. Ebbw Vale have improved a lot since last season, and in Harvey and Higgins they possess a clever pair of half backs.

The Warrington forwards give a good account of themselves in b,th matches, All Boardman leading the pack in fine style. On Monday he had the honour of scoring both Warrington's tries and was easily the best forward on the field. Dickinson's return to form was most gratifying, and it seems the cruellest luck that he should get injured again. No one was more upset than he was, for the lengthy skipper of the team was hoping to lead his side to victory against the men of Wigan to-day.

Most of Warrington's old Welsh players turned up to shake hands on the Monday. It seemed quite like old times to have Dai Davies, Thomas, Shugars, F. Jenkins and Jack Davies standing round. There was general surprise at the appearance of Thomas. He was looking in very poor health and appeared to have lost , a lot of weight. Warrington's position in the League has improved as the result of the three points g lined in Wales, but they have a long way to go before they can view the situation with satisfaction,

The league table up-to-date is as follows : For Azst. Per P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. F. eentage Halifax 5 5 0 0 19 21 110 2 5 19 10000 WakendT 5' 5 0 0 16 21 101 9 8 42 100.00 Oldham G 600 18 23 105 4 4 2010000 Keighley 5 4 0 1 19 21 110 3 4 18 90'00 Wigan H'ddersfild 8 6 2 0 20 29 127 17 15 79 7500 Runcorn Hunslet Hull 9 6 3 0 26 32 148 14 15 73 66-12 Barrow 6 3 3 0 10 9 47 13 15 71 5000 Leigh Treherbert 6 3 3 0 5 9 37 5 16 58 50.00 Swinton Salford Ebbw Vale 6 3 3 0 5 19 67 11 21 91 5000 Broughenß 6.2 3 1 13 10 56 14 15 73 41•66 Merthyr Leeds Batley Barry. Warrington 7 2 4 1 16 14 74 11 13 51 3510 St. Helens 6 2 4 0 16 22 93 23 27 127 3333 Bradford 6 2 4 0 12 16 72 19 17 89 3333 Dewsbury 6 2 4 0 12 15 57 14 16 76 3353 Hull K.R 5 1 3 1 13 13 65 14 16 76 3000 Widnes 6 1 4 1 6 6 30 10 12 r. 6 25'00 Rochdale H 5 1 4 0 3 G 24 8 9 43 2000. Bramley York Mid- Rh'da 5 0 5 0 6 5 27 11 11 61 0000 Aberdare 5 0 5 0 __ 4_ 5 23 23 30 136 00'00

• • . • • VAO-4 •-- -•--- • , . • ./ •

===== 0002601_19081017_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Hockey.

Latchford's fixtures last Saturday with Winnington Park produced two rousing games. The first teams met at Latchford and Winnington gained the day by 2-1, although in doing so they must be accounted some- what lucky. The home team showed much improved form all round. Banks scored for Latchford.

At Winnington the home team scored in the first ten minutes but shortly after the visiting forwards ran clean through the opposing defence and Parker equalised. The rest of the game was a keen struggle for the winning goal but none came. A. Knight played remarkably well at centre half for Latchford.

To-day the first eleven are at Weaste with the following team :—W Unsworth, goal; C Plinston, T Dixon, backs; D Travis, J B Wilkinson (capt.), Albinson, halves; F Newell, R Jones, H Scott. E Banks, W Spensley, forwards. Train leaves Central Station 1-55. Referee, Mr. W B Cobb.

The second team are at home to Ashley with the following players :—J Appleton, goal ;- J Wilkinson, W H Pickles (capt.), backs; S B Rumney, A Knight, F Tole, halves; H Booth, F Dunn, H Parker, W H Minards, C Hackney, forwards. Bully-off 3.0 pm. Referee, Mr. Hazy Warburton.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

On Saturday last the devotees of this sport were favoured with grand weather, musters were good every- where, and if beginners were encouraged by the warmth the more seasoned runners took matters easily. Sutton Harriers, Parr A.G., and St. Austins formed a pack of 40 to follow a six miles track, the fixture being one of the St. Helens and District League series, under the auspices of the newly formed Association, who for the present season are oonflning themselves to the immediate neighbourhood of St. Helens. The premier club bad matters all their wayaa shown by the r(sult : Sutton, Welding, 1 ; Straw, 2 ; Whittle, 3 ; Greenall, ; Burrows, 5 ; Morris, 6; points 21. Parr A.C. : Harrison, 7 ; Rigby 9; Livingstone, 10; Pimblett, 12 ; Ashton, 12 ; Ellison, 23; points, 83. St. Austins : Connor, 8 ; Meredith, 11; Mercer, 15 ; Parr, 17; Wharton, 28; Lowey, 32 ; points, 111. W. T. Clarke and J. Roberts led a strong pack of Sefton Harriers over about seven miles in the Aigburth district ; P. Pick and R. Body were the most prominent novices.

Liverpool Harriers—once a force to be reckoned with —are evidently bent on improving their position : 3C runners covered about seven miles in the neighbour- hood of Wavertree, a break over the last mile resulting 'as follows :—J. A. Fallow, 1 ; W. Trotter, 2; A. Middleton, 3 ; the novices were promising. Broughton Harriers had 30 out for an enjoyable run which c•mcluded with a mile break between teams picked by the Captain and Secretary, the Captain's team winning by 31 points to 47 ; W. H. Waring was first man home followed by J. H. Murray and W. Greenough. Bolton United Harriers are apparently reviving the sport in their district. They have 250 members 40 of whom ran over an eight mile course. Crewe Harriers started from Oak Farm Hotel, Crewe, and covered about five miles. E. Aspinall (vice-captain), led a pack which included Bennion, Bowyer and Millington, who were whipped in by T. Hossack (captn) ; the most prominent novices were T. Aspinall, W. Edwards and B. Hickton. Bylands W.R.C. Harriers' Sankey, Warrington Wes- leyans and the new club at Stockton Heath continue to have a good muster, but the former considering the facilities they possess might, with advantage, extend their operations amongst the large number of youthful employes who would derive great benefit from a cross country run. Warrington A.C. had a good muster for an easy run over about six miles. W. Unsworth acted as pace and H Holbrook as whip, for a pack comprising nearly all the most prominent of last season's runners. • The novices had a good time and J. Atherton, C. Dakin, S. Holbrook, W. Saepherd and J. Thompson made a promising debut All menibers and intending members are cordially invited fora similar run this afternoon, at three o'clock from the Bridge Inn. Tuesday's run will be over about 2 miles of road ; starting at 8 p.m. , The annual general meeting of the Northern Counties Association will be held at the Queen's Hotel, Promenade, Southport, this eveninig at 6 p.m. prompt. All affiliated clubs are entisled to send two representa- tives ; the agenda comprises several interesting items. " Venue of Championships" is of grert importance from a financial point of view—where the junior clubs are concerned.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
QUARTERLY MEETING OF ODDFELLO'NS.

The quarterly meeting of the Warrington District of the Independent Order of Oddfellovvs (Manchester Unity) was held at the " Prince of Wales " Lodge, Pelican lintel, Battermarket-street, on Saturday, under the presidency of Prov. G.M. Lot Brooks. The Secre- tary presented the accounts, which showed that after paying funeral benefits amounting to £BO, there had been placed to reserve £ll3 Os. 9d., making the amount of the funeral fund £3.341 17s. 81c1.—The accounts and the report were adopted, and a vote of thanks was accorded to the auditors.—The next business was the presentation of the handsome regalia, consisting of a silver chain, mounted on ribbon, silver gilt pendant with enamelled arms, and apron and case, which had been generously provided by the Warrington District Children's Burial Society for the use of the Immediate Past Prov. G.M. and his successors. In the absence through illness of P.P.G.M. Adam G. Webster, the presentation was made by P.G. Frederick Taylor. Prov. G.M. Lot Brooks, in accepting the gift, expressed the sincere thanks of the district to the society for their generosity.—Bro. Taylor then proceeded to invest Immediate P.P.G.M. William Holbrook, and spoke very highly of his work as a district officer.—Bro. Holbrook replied in a reminiscent strain.—A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Bro. Taylor for his services and to the members of the committee of the society who bad supported him, for their attendance, the following being present, viz.:—P.G. Samuel Taylor (vice- president), P.P.G.M. J. H. Norbury, P.P.G.M. Alban Boyle, P.G. William Watson, P.G. George Ashton, P.G. William Houghton, P.G. Thomas Wadsworth and P.G. Dyson ‘Vhitham.—lt is interesting to note that the society has from its formation been a great success, having now a capital of over £B,OOO. and it is in a position to give every advantage in the way of teneflts.—The nest business was the report of the representatives to the Lancashire Conference at Earlestown, which was given by P.P.G.M. T. B. Bradshaw, after which another interesting ceremony was performed—the presentation by the district of a gold merit jewel to P.P.G.M. T. P. Bradshaw for services rendered.—Prov. Gi. M. Lot Brooks made the presentation.—Bro. Bradshaw replied and touched upon several important matters with refer- ence to the working of the district.—The next item had reference to the Town Council, in their election of the Old Age Pensions Committee, not haling deemed it desirable to adopt the recommendation of the Local Government Board to utilize the services of representa- tives of friendly and other societies. The action of the Committee of Management of the district in writing to the Town Clerk in expressing their regret at the course which had been adopted was confirmed.—The meeting next proceeded to receive nominations for the offices of Prov. G.M. and Prov. Prov. D.G.M. G. F. Freeman was nominated for the former position and P.O. T. P. Forbes (" Olive Branch" Lodge) and P.G. A. E. Burdett (" Constitution " Lodge) for the latter.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
" MERRIE ENGLAND."

AMATEUR OPERA AT THE THEATRE. More Honours for iiiiMusioal Society.

It has become an agreeable annual task to say nice things about the Musical Society's operatic ventures. This is the sixth year since the Society took the bold and fortunate step of undertaking amateur operatic production in addition to the usual winter concert programme, and one success has followed another with such uniformity that one is inclined to believe that the Society has learned to command success as well as to deserve it. Merit does not invariably get its due reward in this peculiar world, but honours have never yet been withheld from the opera section of the Musical Society. It is evident, therefore, that something must be said for the appreciative and generous temperament of the Warrington public. The whole of this week has seen the Royal Court Theatre, for the first time, given over to the production of amateur opera. In previous I years the Parr Hall has been engaged, but it doe S not lend itself really well to theatrical work and the transition to the Court Theatre is a wise one. In all likelihood the Society would have found it impossible adequately to present their latest venture, with its huge cast, on the smaller stage of the Parr Hall, and they were fortunate in being able to come to terms with the proprietors of the Royal Court Theatre. Another feature this year is the departure from the , realm of Gilbert and Sullivan. There is, of course, I nothing to surpass the work of these unique col/a- -' borateur3, but there arc other good operas and then, too, is not "variety the very spice of life"? People might, conceivably, tire even of Gilbert and Sullivan did the opera company range the whole gamut of their works before breaking fresh ground. It is perhaps merely a coincidence that in ehoosing"Merrie England." by Basil Hood and Edward German, the Society hit I upon the opera which most nearly resembles the classical productions of Gilbert and Sullivan. The two latter gentlemen were the pioneers of comic opera in this country and, in our opinion, nothing nearly approaching the high quality and unique characteristics of their work has been produced until Messrs. Hood and German collaborated in " Menlo England." This opera alone, of recent creations( possesses the brilliant word-play and tunefulness of its more renowned predecessors. Doubtless, the Society will some day I give us something quite different —such as " Les Cloches de Corneville" or" Dorothy." Meanwhile we can express complete satisfaction with " Merrie England." It gives ample scope to the members of the Society, and tlizir nightly performances have been so excellent as to fully merit the enthusiasm of very large audiences. The followinr, is the cast : _

The Earl of I....ise—s Mr. J. W. Bibby Sir Walter Raleigh M- J7Ralibitt, . .

' .. Walter Wilkinsl a Player In Shakes- }Mr. G. 11. Smith peare s c3mpauy Silas:Simkins another Player Mr. Walter Moores 1 Long NIL.. Wallace Riy Toni 1 Royal Foresters Mr. J. Seotson Big Ben . The Queen's Fool Mr. W. F.. n A Butcher iM Mr. Fred Fhonse A Baker Mr. Alfred Hale A Tinker Ntr. T. Humphreys A Tailor Mr. J. Hannan A Lord Mr. J. C. Shaw .

Soldiers Mr. .1. Clayton aid I Mr. W. Tynan First Royal P.trre Miss Muriel Acton

Second Royal Page Miss Edith Banks Qneen Elizabeth Miss Nellie Anderton Miss Bessie Throckmm ton Miss Made Houghton Jill-all-alone Miss Annie Warren n May The Quee Miss Emily-Taylor .... ' ... . . ~, ..

Marjory 4 " Nliss Mar,joriellladds Kate Mrs. E. A. Sanders (nee Lily nirhurst) L Miss 1). Owen, Miss J. 'Mad:stock, adies-in-Walting. ..... { mi„ M. E. Knowles,- and Miss E. Anita Royal Bargemen Mr. S. Baxter and Mr. J. Massey Heraliis , Messrs. R. F. and G. H. Anderton

Lords Ladies, Townsfolk, &c., &c. A glance at the above is sufficient to disclose the absence of several familiar names and the presence of a number of new ones. One often hears it said that "there are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it," and nothing could be truer. But the " sea " in this case is not limitless as the ocean, though the supply of talent entirely from the ranks of the Musical Society is certainly surprising. One would have thought the places of p!ayers like Mrs. Booth, Miss Henshall, and Mr. C. P. Gough difficult to fill from a restricted field of selection, but new- comers have stepped into the vacant places and by their own skill proved the truth of the old adage just quoted. Mr. G. H. Smith, as successor to gr. Gough is a striking case in point. Until this week he has never attempted anything so ambitious as comic opera in his life, Nand probably had no idea that he possessed the qualifications for the funny man's part which we have seen so well taken in the past by Mr. Gough. Yet the Society might look far before it found a better Walter Wilkins for "Morrie England." Mr. Smith has made a huge success of his strange role. He has the making or the marring of the whole opera in '.is hands, and the, responsibility alone might hay.:, affected a man's humour, but Mr. Smith sings and dances and frolics and fires off witticisms with a light-hearted cibandon which proves him to be equipped with both the temperament and ability for such performances as we have learnt to associate with the names of George Grossmith and Walter Passmore. His fooling in the Masque of St. George was admirably done and evoked roars of laughter, while we could not have desired a better interpretation of the always-encored "Fish song" from a man with so light a voice. Wilkins has an excellent foil in Simkins whose part is very intelligently and humorously played by Mr. Walter /foores. His make-up is picturesquely villainous,but gives him the appearance more of a criminal than a comic. This is not Mr. Moores' fault, and it might easily be remedied. Mr. Moores and Mr. Smith share equally in the popularity of the droll duet "I may lie wrong, but I love a song with a tune that a man may march to," which is so well backed up by the chorus in a rollicking refwain. Wilkins' Sousa-like contortions when he personally conducts the chorus are a triumph of mimicry and the inventive faculty. The chief soprano part of the opera is this year in charge of Miss Marie Houghton, and right well does she acquit herself. Not only does Miss Houghton make a graceful and charm- ing Bessie Throckmorton, but her singing is a delight to the ear. The dainty air "She had a letter 'from her love "—singing which she makes her entry —is one of the choicest numbers in the opera, and only the immediate incident on the stage prevents her receiving the nightly encore so well deserved. Miss Houghton has not otherwise lacked the plaudits which are her due, and she receives a most enthusiastic recognition of her brilliant vocalization in the elegant song with its exacting cadenza, "Who shall say that love is cruel." Miss Houghton is a worthy successor to Mrs. Booth, and we hope to see her frequently in local amateur opera. Two ladies who make their debut in the role of principals are Miss Emily Taylor and Miss Annie Warren, and both are to be heartily complimented. Miss Taylor makes a very attractive May Queen and her singing is fully equal to the demands of the post. A more exacting study has been demanded of Miss Warren as Jill- all-alone, the woodland maid with the ragged kirtle who comes so near being burned as a witch. She interprets cleverly the varying emotions of .Jill and sings very sweetly, particularly in the fine duet with Raleigh: "It is the merry month of May." There is some difficulty in catching the words of her songs at times, and we noted the same failing in regard to so excellent a vocalist as Miss Nellie Anderton. The latter is, of course, a contralto, and it seemed that the deeper tones of b >th voices as com- pared with the sopranos of Miss Houghton and Miss Taylor caused some loss of clearness in enunciation. Possibly the numerical strength of the orchestra contributes to this result. We have often thought that the number of musicians might be lessened with advantage to the vocalists, and especially those whose voices possess depth rather than penetration. This point has, perhaps, hardly been considered in its actual relationship to the success of the opera-as a whole. We can, and do, admire the brilliant orches- tration which the Society's musicians provide, but we should like to see it more frequently and deliberately subordinated to the demands of the moment and the vocal capacity of the artistes on the stage. One has got accustomed to looking for finished performances from Mr. J. Babbitt. He has won considerable local fame as an operatic tenor, and that fame is enhanced by his 'work in " Verne England." The part of Raleigh suits Lim perfectly and his natural grace of manner is only equalled by the delightful way in which lie sings the solos and con- certed numbers falling to his lot. Mr. Ilabbitt made the most of the well-known ballad in praise of the English Rose which opens with: Dan Cupid bath a Garden." Ur. J. W. Bibby also scores a pronounced success as the Earl of Essex and sings "Who are the yeomen, the yeomen of England," with rare power, though undoubtedly handicapped by the high key in which the song is set. He is more at ease in " When Cupid first this old world trod'" a tuneful item which also introduces concerted

passages and dainty movement for Raleigh, Bessie and Jill. Nothing but praise can be bestowed upon Miss Nellie AnderCoa who makes a most regal and handsome Queen Elizabeth. Her rage 7 hen the secret of Raleigh's real affection comes to light was very well simulated, and the song " 0 peaceful England " tunefully and sympathetically rendered. The "four worthy citizens of Windsor town " were capitally represented by Messrs. Fieldhouse (butcher), Hale (baker), Humphreys (tinker) and Hannan (tailor). They play a considerable part in the merrymaking of the opera, and the heavy wit which is intended to be characteristic of the unedu- cated tradesmen of good Queen 13039'S time is cleverly expressed. Long Tom and Big Ben are unmistakable features both of the landscape and the opera, and each plays a manly part in manly fashion. Mr. Ray made h doughty champion of Jill, and together with Bessie, Jill, and Ben took part in the excellently snag quartet "In England, merry England." The many subsidiary parts were all in really capable hands, and for uniform excellence we do not think the Society has done any- thing quite so good as " Merrie England." There is a great amount of dancing, which has, of course, entrailed very hard work in rehearsal, and the result is a credit to both the artistes and their " coach." Miss Marjory Dodds, Miss Boyle, Miss D. Truslove, , and Miss Marie Warren lead the way in many move- ments, and separately distinguish themselves in the sinuous Egyptian Dance near the close. The work of the chorus was particularly well clone ; the singing affording just the necessary support to the soloists,and yet never lacking volume. Quite a feature of the opera was the spectacular effect produc9cl by skilful grouping, and here too the value of a well-trained chorus was manifest. If anything, there was rather too large a company on the stage at times, and a redaction in numbers would have brought the ton.t ensemble even nearer to perfection. We need hardly say that the orchestra acquitted itself with honour. It always does so, and we should I only feel disposed to refer in detail to the band-playing in the event of its falling below the customary high standard. Mr. Crossley's onerous task as conductor was performed with marked , skill, and not a little of tho " finish" which was I apparent in so many directions was due to his pains- taking care. The bulk of Mr. _Peden Williams' work has, naturally, been performed prior to the opening night, but there is abundant evidence of the expert knowledge he has brought to bear in getting his company part-perfect. He should be proud of the excellent all-round results and of this week's signal triumph. At the commencement of the second Act j Mr. W. H. Payton, 11113. Bee., took skilful charge of I the chorus heard " off " the stage, and during the arduous and prolonged rehearsals he acted also as the Opera Company's accompanist. Acknowledgement should be made of the fact that Messrs. W. E. Atkin and Lionel FairClough acted as prompters, although, happily their sorvices never seem to have been required. The special scenery depicting Windsor Castle and the Thames was pro- vided by Messrs. F. le Maistre and Co., of Man- chester, the costomes. wigs, and properties by Messrs. B. J. Simmons and Co. of London, special shoes for all the ladies were made by the Public Benefit Boot Co. Warrington, and the very necessary " make-up ' ' services were artistically rendered by Messrs. Birch Browne and Son Warrington, and Messrs. B. J. Simmons and Co., London. s• CROSFIELDS' BAND.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLIMENTARY DINNER AT THE WORKS. Speech By Mr. Crosfield, M.P.

Another instance of Mr. A. H. Crosfield's generosity was exemplified last Saturday evening. This time his hospitality was extended to the Crosfield Prize Band. The merribers of the band were accompanied, in some cases by their wives, in others by their sweethearts. Two happy couples took along with them their infants. At one point in the evening, one of the infants caused much laughter, for while fr. J. iV. Willett was singing "Good-bye my Darling ! " the baby cried out "Daddy! " The dinner which Mr. Crosfield gave was partaken of in Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., large dining room, and was enjoyed very much by those present. Supporting Mr. Crosfield were his wife, Miss Elliadi (Mrs. Crosfleld's sister, Miss Truda Crosfleld, Mrs. Hamilton, Ciptain G. Crosfield, Lieutenant Owen and Mr. Hamilton.

After dinner an excellent programme was gone through the following ladies and gentlemen taking part: Mrs. Crosfield. Miss Elliadi, Miss Barnas, Ciptain Crosfleld, Mr. J. W. Willett, Mr. Pitts, Mr. W. W. Whittle and Mr. A. Allinson. Messrs. Winstanley, Bates, Harrison, and Bedforth (Bandmaster), formed the Instrumental Quartette Party. Mr. J. Foster acted as accompanist. Mr. WILLETT moved a vote of thanks to Mr. A. H. Ccosfleld, M.P., for presiding and in the course of his remarks said that Mr. Crosfield had been heart and soul with the band ever since it was formed.

This was received with the singing of "For he is a jolley good fellow!" Mr. CROSFIELD, in responding to Mr. Willett's remarks said he thanked everybody there, on behalf of his wife and on his own account, for the great kindness with which they had received the few remarks from his friend Mr. Willett. 'At the same time he was bound to say that Mr. Willett had dis- tinctly infringed the understanding and compact entered into a little earlier in the evening. He feared that the example set by people in very high places of deviating from the obligations of compacts and under- standings might be catching. He was not sure whether their friend Mr. Willett had taken a hand in the little game that had re3ently been played in that part of the near east known as the Balkans,—(laughter)—but if he had not helped to break the concert of Europe he had certainly infringed the concert of Bank Quay. (More laughter.) He would not continue what they might after all think a little out of place, namely, jocular allusions to the serious and somewhat cynical events in the near East, which had occupied every one's mind recently. Those rather ominous proceedings might have far-reaching consequences, but they could only hope that wise statesmanship might still be successful in finding a satisfactory solution of a very complex and difficult situation. (Hear, hear.) Well, he would spare Mr. Willett's feelings and say nothing liurther of this little incident in which, by taking French leave— (laughter)—he had let them in for a little super- fluous speech-making, when they would all have been much more pleasantly engaged in listening to such charming music. However, under the circumstances ho was heartily glad of the chance to offer the band in the name of everyone present unstinted congratulations on their really magnificent performance, during the past twelve months. (iiear, hear). They had won victory' after victory, and alto,gether had been successful on 22, different occasions, while their achievement at the Crystal Palace was indeed, what old Oliver Cromwell might have described as a "crowning mercy." (Laughter and cheers). He thought that without any- thing in the nature of vain glory, everyone connected with that great industrial centre at Bank Quay, in whatever position either on the commercial or the manufacturing side of the works, was entitled to feel very proud of the band's splendid achievement. (Cheers.) They had now a splendid record to live up to, and he hoped they would succeed in going even one better in the future. (Reaewed cheers.) All the directors and all those responsible for the conduct of the firm's affairs, felt the deepest satisfaction at the success of the social development in connection with their business in recent years. That development was an admirable thing in every way, and beneficial to all concerned, and indirectly, therefore, to the firm itself. While the social development had extended in many directions one of the most signal successes had been the various forms of musical culture, and that pleasant informal gathering that night was, as they all knew, arranged to celebrate the band's great victory. (Cheers.) There would be another occasion shortly on which proper tribute would be paid to the band ; but that evening all of those present were particularly glad to have an opportunity of themselves personally congratu- lating, both individually and collectively,every member of the band on their famous victory. (Loud cheers). Captain CROSFIELD said he hardly thought that the Chairman in his remarks had laid it on quite thick enough. (Laughter.) But, like the Chairman, he attached the highest importance to this signal victory, and the directors would hope to see the band achieving as great, or better still, even greater success at the Crystal Palace next year. (Loud cheers.) Going back two or three hundred years, Captain Crosfield said they had no bands, and what was the result of the condition of things which obtained then and much more recently too ? Life in the villages was so dull that the people flocked to the towns and now, at the present Jay, there was eighty per cent, of our population living in the towns. Let them increase the attractions of the country districts and we should then maintain our agricultural population. (Cheers.) He took a great interest in music himself, and attached very great importance to the musical development that was taking place in the country. He did not believe in in a mournful, depressing class of music, but on the contrary he hoped that in the coming winter their splendid Band, with a more inspiriting kind of music, would help to create and stimulate a patriotic spirit, not only in Warrington but throughout Lancashire. They could be an immense help, and follow- ing them speakers would rouse the patriotism of their audiences. (Applause.) They must not fotget the men who did the work ; they must not forget the Secretary (Ir. Taylor). He knew what being a secretary was—it was a terror. They must not forget the valuable services rendered by Mr. Halliwell. (Applause.) He concluding by hoping they would win the trophy next year. I Mr. TAYLOR and Mr. HaLtawELL briefly responded.

THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS. Saturday next is the last day for receiving nomina- tions of candidates for the November elections and interest in the two contests already assured has increased considerably during the past week. In Orford Ward there is a keen struggle between Mr. Peter Peacock (L.), Mr. J. Hampson (S.), and Mr. J. A. Rushworth (C.) In his address to the electors Mr. Peacock strongly urged the necessity for the completion of the - I original scheme for the Orford Ward recreation 4 ground, including the laying of bowling greens, open-air baths, &c. He will, if elected, again I press for the introduction of cl. fa-es on the * Longford tram route which he advocated unsuc- cessfully during his previous term of office. With regard to the Old Age Pensions Act, Mr. Peacock as an active worker in connection with various Friendly Societies, expresses astonishment at the action of the Town Council in declining to co-opt representatives . from trade unions and friendly societies to serve on. the Distribution Committee. If elected, he will at the first meeting of the Council move a resolution of such • a nature, that if carried will immediately remedy this . defect, and cause a committee to be formed which will comply with the spirit of the Act. He believes the 1 Education Act as administered to-day: in Warrington, is giving general satisfaction and he is therefore not in favour of any alteration. In St. John's Ward Councillor James Ball (S), the retiring representative, is being opposed by Mr. Frederick T. Lashford, butcher, Chorley-street. The Conservatives are putting forth every effort in St. John's and Orford Wards and imperial questions figure prominently in their speeches. They are also endeavour- ing to prejudice Councillor Ball's candidature by quotations from the writings of Robert Blatchford on 'Christianity. There was a lively scene at their meeting on Thursday evening, their refusal to allow questions to be asked being vigorously resented by a number of Socialists present who later proceeded to address the crowd on their own account. It is stated that Councillor W. Benson (N.T.) does not intend to seek re-election for Town Hall Ward. Mr. T. Birtles is receiving hearty support from all sections of the community. There is a rumour that Mr. W. J. Shaw. licensed victualler, intends to oppose Councillor Dickenson (N.T.) in Bewsey Ward. The following is a list of prospective candidates :--• A Town Hall Ward hr. T. Birtles (I.) Whitecross Ward Coun. Jas. Evans (L.) Bewsey Ward Coun. Jas. Dickenson (N.T.) ' Howley Ward Coun. T. Chantler (C.) Latchford Ward Coon. J. Pemberton (C.N.T.) St. John's Ward Conn. Jas. Ball (S.) ~ Mr. F. J. Lashford (C.) Orford Ward Mr. P. Peacock (L.) ;- Mr. J. Hampson (S.) Mr. J. A. Rushwor th (C.) Fairfield Ward Coup. J. G. Craik (I.) St. Austin's Ward Coun. Dr. Joseph (C.) Up to last evening nomination papers had been handed in on behalf of Mr. T. Birtles, Councillor Pemberton, Councillor Craik, Councillor Chantler, Ur. J. A. Rushworth and Mr. F. J. Lashford. Thomas Birtles, gentleman, Fearnhead is proposed by James Hepherd, seconded by James Weave, and sup- ported by Albert Mynekyme, G. D. Smith, Albert Clare, A. W. Massey, John Jackson, Thomas Cook, George Starkey, H. F. Greenough, James Lawton ; also proposed by Charles D. Parkinson, seconded by Thomas G. Bate, supported by David Owen, William Podmore, Ernest Wilkes, E. Fenton, C. H. Bibbed, Samuel E. Bate William Taylor, Edward W. Lowe ; also proposed by William Barlow, seconded by Thomas Sudlow, supported by F. Jackson Lee, Bayley Isaac, C. Mounfleld, Leonard Bennett, George Bowcock, John Grooms, Arthur C. Booth, William Ifeswick ; also pro- posed by George Wallington, seconded by Thomas Critchley, supported by Thomas Locker, Edwin J. Mitchell, William H. Pickup, John E. Worrall, Ernest Albert Sanders, William Ford, Edward V. Walker, James Halliwell.

John Pemberto. n, builder, 7, Fairfield-road, Latchford, is proposed by William Brittain Roberts, seconded by Henry Ashton, supported by William Throsself, Frederick Goskar, Thomas Knight, Peter Lamb, William Langley Meacock, John Eden, ‘Villiam John Dakin, William Holbrook. Other proposers and seconders : J'Olan Coson, Alfred Grounds, William John Wilson, Daniel Johnson. James Grice Craik, clothier, 27(i, Manchester-road, is proposed by the Rev. 'Canon Willis, seconded by Canon Morley Stevenson and supported by Robert Lee, Robert Lunt, James White, James Everett. H. B. Bate thaw Taylor, Frederick Yarirood, H. V. Rathbone' Other proposers and seconders : Samuel Taylor Robert Bolton, James 'l'. Locker, Benjamin Farrar, David S. Duncan, Joseph Allison, Henry Houghton, Aaron Kilburn, James Wood, John Clayton. _._ . . _

;-• ' s. c • .t , , , , .

===== 0002601_19081017_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SOCIALIST CANDIISATES.

The National Union of Gas-workers and General Labourers at a Warrington branch meeting held on October 11th passed the following resolution unanimously :—" Seeing that two of our members 1 Bro J. Ball and Bro. J. Hampson are contesting the St. John's and Orford Wards respectively at the forth- coming November elections, this branch heartily endorses their candidature and pledges itself to actively support them." COUNCILLOR BALL'S NOVEL SUGGESTION. Councillor Ball has addressed a letter to his opponent, Mr. Last:ford, dated October 15th, ic which he says : "It has been suggested that you and I hold a joint 1, public indoor meeting in the Ward under an impartial ' Chairman, to be previously appointed, and that your party and mine each pay half the expense. lam quite willing to debate municipal matters with you on a public platform and trust you will see your way to agree to this suggestion of the electors. If for any reason you do not care to adopt this course I shall be pleased to meet either of your colleagues, W. Peter Rylands, Esq., or Roger Parr, Esq., on mmilar terms, its their views on municipal matters would no doubt educate the eloctors. I trust to receive an early and favourable reply."

===== 0002601_19081017_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE BILL. Monday Evening's Temperance Demonstration.

The second great meeting in support of the Govern- ment Licensing Bill, organised by the Warrington Citizen's Temperance League, will be held in Parr Hall on Monday evening. A most attractive platform of speakers has been secured, including Principal Warman, M.A., B.D. (Liverpool), M. J. A.Seddon, M.P.,Rev. A. J. Palmer (London), and Bev. F. A. Serbeton, M.A., Pf Hyde (formerly vicar of Christ Church, Latchford). The chair will be occupied by the Dean of Carlisle (Canon Barker). The public is requested to note that the meeting will commence at seven o'clock prompts doors being opened at 6 p.m.

===== 0002601_19081017_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Kingswood, Frodsham.

It was the harvest festival at Kingswood Primitivp et Methodist Chapel last Sunday and Mondaf. The pulpit was occupied on Sunday by Mr. Whitley, of Stockton Heath, an old time favourite on these occasions ?.t, Kingswood. Mr. Whitleys first appearance in the pulpit since his illness some months ago was well appreciated by frill congregations, chairs and forms having to be. borrowed from the neighbourhood, to accommodate the evening gathering. The choir rendered their part very creditably in special harvest anthems under the leadership of the Rev. J. H. Rolla.son (circuit minister); in the afternoon, and Mr. Joho Hayes in the evening. There was a large congregation assembled oa the Monday to hoar Mr. Whitley give a resura of the past fifty years—which was much appreciate& for its varied outlook through this length of, time. Mr. Whitley had for his chairman Mr. Fryer, of Newton, one of his chairmen of years ago on n similar occasion at Kingswood, and one who could rejoice with him in almost half a century of Christian service. If the value of their services may be judged, by the collection there were certainly many thankful hearts.

_ Mr. Ellison afterwards took the leading part in arranging and disposing of the splendid show of fruit/ and vegetables, so ably and beautifully arranged by Mr. John Spruce and his numerous helpers, including that: old and most respected member Mrs. Summerflold. The total proceeds are slightly in advance of th past four years' results, Local Farmer Shoots Himself.

____ --....—... An inquest was held by Mr. Thos. Ridgway at Higher Whitley, near Warrington, yesterday, on th body of Alfred Barber, 55 years of age, of the 014 Mill Farm, Higher Whitley, who committed suicide 0 Thursday morning by shooting himself with a gun The evidence showed that the deceased got up ? Thursday morning about five o'clock, and told his Wl° he was going to light a fire and call the boys. Shortl : afterwards Mrs. Barber and her son went to look fo the deceased, and they found him in the Dutch barr) with a double-barrelled gun lying at his feet. There: was one empty cartridgo in the right barrel, deceased had shot himself just below the heart. 01510 I) wife asked him if he had intended to shoot hinar . when he got up, and he replied in the negativet adding that he was sorry for what he had done. 14* doctor was summoned, but the deceased died ahou 7.30 the same morning. Deceased had not been for some weeks and could not sleep well. A. verchc of " Suicide whilst of unsound mind " was returned'

Marriages. KAY—ArPLEToN—October 13th, at the Parish Churoli' Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, J°lll3 William Kay, to Lucy Appleton.

Warrington.—Printed and published by Jous Weals & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Word; Bewsey-street, and published by them at the sald place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-ro garkto WIDNES 32, George-street, ST. LIELErs: 3, street, EartiagsToWN; Church-street RUsico3.3 Oct' 17th, 1808.

===== 0002601_19081017_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
'TIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, ()-1.:01tROW, SUNDAY, OCTOBBit 18TH, 1908. PREACHER : Rev. R. B. LBTHRBBN (Pastor.) don:rmu 10.45. " The Sleeping Sickness." IMING 5.32. " The an with the Measuring Line." )AY 7.33 instead ot WEDNBSD AY Social Gathering.

LD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. )-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 13TH, 1908. Morning 1D.30. B. J. GUEST, ESQ., B.A. Evening 6.3. Rev. THOMAS (MADDING. AU welcome. Hymn &oaks provided.

WSEy -RO A. D WESLEYAN CHURCiI :0-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 18Ta, 19C3. 338 D ANNIVERSARY. ItEAcHETt : REV. EDWARD DAVIDSON, MORNING. 10.30. EVENING, 6.30. SPECIAL SELECTIONS BY THE CHOIR. .11q MONDAY EVENING NEXT, OCT. 19th. EDWARD DAVIDSON WILL DELIVER HU POPULAR CrEE ON " TEMPER." To BE TAKEN AT 7.30 BY DR. JAMES BENNETT Will also speak as to the Validity of the Lecturer's Iptlone. LLECIIO7S AT EACH SERVICE ON BEHALF OF TRUST FUINDS. TCHFORD BAPTIST CHURCH. D,mosßovir (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 18. 1908. AUTUMNAL ANNIVERSARY. REACHER: REV. C. BUSHEY (of Stalybridge). MORNING, 10.33. EVENING, 6.30. ANTHEMS BY THE CHOIR, afternoma at 2.33 p.m. a Cantata entitled " Christ Is Soldiers" (Farmer), will be rendered by the Choir. r.an, WILLIAM ROBERTS, Eq., J.P. Conductor, B. BURT. Accompanist, MR. A. CROW. LECTIONS ON BEHALF OF CHURCH FUNDS.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- - - 1.111. FRANK MAC:U(3O=EN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY-9-0 MONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 19ra, 1908. KARNO TROUPE OF COMEDIANS: IN TEE MUMMING BIRDS. LILLIE HAYES, Comedienne. DEBAR° BROTHERS, Juvenile Equilibriets and Acrobats. DAN WHITLEY, Eccentric Comedian. BAINB AND REED In their Original Speciality "Humpial Bumpsti." RAYMOND'S 810-TABLEAUX. CLIFF AND KEAN, Comedy Artiste!. WINIFRED WARD, The Immaculate Boy. Gallery, 3d. ; Early Door, tld. Pit, Bd. ; Early Door, 9d. Circle, ls.; Early Door, Is. 3d.'

SANITARY ALTERATIONS. P MOONEY Sz; CO., CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONCRETE, FLAGGING, AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOR GOOD WORK. 20, WARWICK ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. Tel. : 3579.

'LIAR CONCERT, BOLD ST., r.CIIOOL- ROOM, TO-NIGHT Ai 7.30. A MIMES : MISS LILIAN MANSSUER (Liverpool.) MISS CARRIE HASTINGS. MR. H. PLUMPTON, RR ROBERT HAMER (Accrington), FINEST BoY ER IN THE NoRIH OF ENGLAND. VVINNER OF MANY FIRST PRIZES. :HST & ENTERTAINER, Mn. ALFRED WATER WORTH. ussION ONE PENNY, GALLERY TWOPENCE.

MRS. HUBI-NEWCOMBE glve3 LESSON'S in VOICE PRODUCTION, SINGII4G, PIANO, THEORY, THOROUGH BASS, HARMONY, COMPOSITION, Her pupils in senior singing have always taken higbest marks at local centres, Trinity College. Londm. 2;, WHITEFIELD ROAD, STOOKTODT HEATH, WARRISIGTON.

PRELIMINARY NOTICB. 'IR gARY AND DISPENSARY BALL. PARR HALL. 23n3 DECHSIBEB, 19C8. USU. B. CROSFIELD, lion SEC.

.m.. LEVI RICHARD;,,ON, TEACHER OF SINGING, 212, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY, WARRINGTON.

" CROSFIELD DIVISION." IIPETITION FOR CROSFIELD SHIELD. WORKMEN'S DINING HALL, .TRDAy NEXT, OCTOBER 2ITu, 1908, 2,37 P.M. ADMISSION FREE.

pIANOFORIT TUNING.—HesIrs. .FORSYTH BROS., LTD., beg to intimate that one of their thoroughly experienced Tuners Visits Warrington, Frodsham Northwich and District. Estimates for yearly contracts or single tunings on application.-126 and 128, DEAN9GAtrE, Manchester.

IRINGTON CITIZENS TEMPERANCE LEAGUE. GREAT MEETING PPORT cr THE GOVERNMENT LICENSING BILL, RR HALL, MONDAY, OCT. 19TH. SPEAKERS : PRINCIPAL WARMAN, M.A., B.D„ (OF LIVERPOOL). J. A. bEDDON, Esq., M.P. REV. A. J. PALMER. te frcm the Congregational Union of England and Wales). REV. F, A. SCREBTOI:7, M.A. 'de, and. formerly Vicar of Christ Church, Latchford). CHAIRMAN : Very REV. THE DEAN OF CARLISLE, SUPPORTED BY LOCAL GENTLEMEN. I open at 6 o'clock. Meeting commences at 7 prompt.

NI.TRaES ! kiLTRSES ! ! INIIRSES !! ! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CASR, ANY DISTANCE, NI(1.11T OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MAUI AND FEMALE NURSRS' INSTITUTION. (BBTIBLL9HED 30 Yssits). HOPE BOUSE, HOPE ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : " Nurses," Liverpool.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per or, COVERLETTH 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, FOUR FROM 3/8 EACH, HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LIMB ST (CAR STATION), LIVIIRPOOL.

NORESTER POULTRY AND PIGEON 10TH ANNUAL SHOW. BELLE VIIII GARDENS, MANCHESTER. OCTOBER 20, 21 AND 22. POULTRY, PIGEONS AND APPLIANCES. UPWARDS OF £1,0:,0 IN PRIZES. bator s in Operation, Come and see the Chickens g. FIREWORKS ON WEDNESDAY. ISSION :—Tuesday, 21. 63. up to 3 p.m., after .3 p.m. Weda,niay, le. 6.3. up to 2 p.m .2 to 4 p.m. le., 4 to 6d., Thursday, le. all day. 8 INCLUDE ADMISSION TO 'TRH GARDENS.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.O. 21 PER CENT. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Aceounts with Cheque Book. All General Banking Business transacted. ALMANACK, vaTa FULL I'IITICULABS, POST FFEH. 0. F. RAVENbCROF I, SECRETARY

INVEST YOUR SAVINGS TN THE PERPETUAL INVESTMENT BUILDING SOCIETY. 34, NEW BRIO aR ST., LONDON, E.C. ESTAI3LISSED 67 YEAES. REALISED SHARES (£lO, £2O. £5O, £10) 4 per cent. SMALL DEPOSITS 3 per cent. SPECIAL DEPOSITS 3- per cent. DEPOSITS OF £lOO FOB 12 MONTHS SEND FOR PROSPECTUS OF SUBSC3IPTION SHARES, to the Secretary, W. W. COWDY.

tRRIN GTON EQUITABLE INDUSTRIAL CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. LID. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. ENTERTAINMENT WILL BE GIVEN IN THE R HALL THURSDAY NEXT, OCT. ?2ND, 19:s. Nar.suNG ott CINEMATOGRAPHIC LECTURE U: PICTURESQUE PYRENEES AND SPAIN. H. MEREST, ESQ., F.E.G.S. lIDER OF THE LOND3N POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE. SoLOIST ; MISS MARIE HOUGHTON. slats : MR. T. W ADS W OELTH (President of the Society). is of Admission : Chairs. 3d. (by ticket only, limited ; remainder of Hall. Id. ors Open at 7 o'clock. To Commence at 7.45. for Chairs are on sale at the various Grocery Branches.

:SLEYAN METHODIST BIBLE CLASS LEAGUE (waRRINGTON cnßculT). A PUBLIC MEETING, :onnection with the above will be held in the BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, URSDAY EVENING- NEXT, OCTOBER 22503,19C8, WREN Ay ADDRESS WILL BE GIVEN BY THE 11V. H. MILDNYN HUGIFIES, 8.A., 8.D., of Liverpool, ON PROGRESS." to be taken at Half-past Seven by CHARLES B. hi,Esq., 3.P, supported by E. 3. GUEST, Esq., .P.; ME, J. C. HOLLAND (President of the League). ' UPSON, :SR. J. tdAILE, the Ministers of the and other gentlemen. AL SINGING BY THE BOLD STREET CHOIR. SOLOIST MRS. ARTHUR BOOTH. Onoaxin : MR. F. HICKMAN. COLLECTION TO DEFRAY EXPENSES.

LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD, SESSION, 1909. COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. APPLICATION FOR PROVISIONAL ORDER FOR COMPULSORY PURCHASE OF LANDS FOR THE PURPOSES OF STREET WIDENINGS UNDER SECTION 176 OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH ACT 1875. N-TH OFICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT APPLICA- -1.1 TION IS INTENDED TO BE MADE TO THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD by the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Warrington (herein referred to as " the Corporation ") for a Provisional Order under and subject to the provisions of Seat on 176 of the Public Health Act, 1875 to authorise the Corporation to put I in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Aets with respect to the purchase and taking of fends otherwise than by Agree- ment with reference to the following Rouses, lands and property and to take the same accordingly that Is to say : LANDS AND PREMISES on the South tde of Better- market-street from Market Gate to and Including No. 43. LANDS AND PREMISES on the North side of Butter- market-street from Market Gate to and including No. 7. LANDS AND PREMISES on the East side of Bridge-street from Mat ket Gate to and including No. 13. LANDS AND PREMISES on the Bast side of Horsemarket- street from Market Gate to and including No. 10. LANDS AND PREMISES on the West side et Horse- market-street from Market Gate to and Including No. 5. LANDS AND PREMISES on the North side of Sankey- street from Market Gate to and including No. 14. LANDS AND PIIIIMISES on the Nast side of Corporation- street to and including property on the South side of Cheapslde. all of which lauds are In the County Borough of Warrington and In the County Palatine of Li racaster. The said lands aboi e described contain by admeasurenaent 9032 square yards or thereabouts and are required by the L'elpe—aio.. for the purposes of street widenings and the formation of a to.av street cu It. Wlao Li.. of the Buttermarket St., and other works. AND NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a plan showing the lands so proposed to be taken, and the works incidental thereto may be seen at all reasonable hones at the of6ces of the Town Clerk, Town Hall, Warrington. Dated this 17th day of October, 1908 J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Hall, Warrington. Town Clak.

6-RRINGION AND DISTRICT .PEOPEIITY OWNERS' ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL MEETING, URSDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 20ra, 7.30 P.M., AT TOFT'S ASSIIIIBLY ROOMS, BRIEGE STREET. ROPERTY OWNERS ARE INVITED TO ATTEND. T'zF, ASSXItTION IC ROE-POLITICAL. RR HALL, WARRINGTvw. .0 -MORROW (SUNDAY). OCTOBER 18TH, 1903, CCOSSIESECING AT 8.15 P 3r. DAY OF LONDON ANIMATED PICTURE CO. SACRED CONCERT, Iscttinlx° THE GREAT OBER AMSIERGATI PASSION PLA.Y. Dr!gloat of which takes place in Bavaria, and is only led onze every ten years by the peasantry in the Tyrol, Oh thousands of people pay many pounds to witness. Idents of this town hive now an ouportunity of see- same incidents in the life of cur Divine Lord, beauti- >strayed in Coloured Animated Pictures, by visiting iertainm eat. 411 Biala OF CHRIST, THE CHILDHOOD OF IHRIST. PUBLIC LIFE. HR PASSION AND DEATH. 6Ppropriate Songs to these Fictures Rendered by MISS HELENA SLEATR. ,13v SPr_cti.L REQUEST, LIFE OF SAMSON, Worlderf..l Series of natures from the Bible. HIAIR STAaING. MARVIILLOLTS COLOURING. FREE ADMISSION. SILVER COLLECTION AT DOORS.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. NroucH IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next .1.1 GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be holden at the COURT-HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 19th day of OCTOBER, 1908, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Altrincham, Bucklow, Dukinfield, Middlewich, Sandbach, Congleton, Northwich, Prestbury and Stockport, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Divisions, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 19th day of OCTOBER NEXT, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be Adjourned to the CASTLE OF CHESTER on WEDNESDAY the 28th day of OCTOBER, 1908, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Broxton, Chester Castle, Daresbury, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Runcorn, Winsford and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last- mentioned Divisions will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, at the Opening of the Court on WEDNES- DAY, the 28th day of OCTOBER, 1008, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester. Chester, 28th September, 1908.

RR HALL, WARRINGTON. OCTOBER 26, 27, 23, 29, 30, AND 31, 1908. A SIX DAYS' GRAND FLORAL EXHIBITION BALE OF BEAUTIFUL ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS', MADE DT ILIND AND CRIPPLED GIRLS, 'Ohne:tioa with ths late 7th Earl of Shaftesbury's :yells and Flower Girls' Christian Mission. ,TO BE OPENED BY THE MAYORESS MONDAY, OCTOBER 26rw, 1908, IT 3 P.M., UNTER THE PRE.SirENCY OF HIS WORiHIP THE MAYOR (ALDERMAN 8. SIDITIDDIST, J.P.) ,orted by the Clergy and Local Ministers and tlI Ladies and Gentlemen. atingent of the Afflicted Girls will be at work each _°oll and Evening making various kinds of Rowerr. uMISSION FEES. NU PAPER FLOWERS. RAIN FoLLO'ING DIY FROM 11 A. 31. TO 9.30 P.M. VIFRESHMIiNTB AT MODERATE PRICES. .LIEIC EACH AFTERNOON AND EVENING. ALFRED TEOUGHTON, Manager. HAI% Warrington.

CAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON MONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 19tH, 1.908 AND DURING THE WEEK. 111 R. HERBERT GEEVILLIVS COMPANY BY ARRANGEMENT WITH CHARLES FROHMAN IY MERELY MARY ANN. h. COMEDY IN YOUR ACTS BY J. Zeirarru.r... Time sad prices as usual. 5 booked at the Theatre from 11 to 1 daily and o.tn.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DE. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Bytteriatralpitation of the Heart,Debillty. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes No., 10. lid., 2s. 9S.ils. tid. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'B FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Corn- plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. by post 3d. extra, 309 FORTOSELLO-ROAD, NOITING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF i AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, ac. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON.

b -tl.ur .I.IAGBEL" RAZORS AAR THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SIIIIFFIEL MARS. WARRANTIM, POST PRUE 21. 13d., 3g., 40. ,6D., AND,Se. SD J. O. DODD. 10, ET, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. RIMS WORTH. Market Hall. Warrington

r'rHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS J- PRIIPARBD to RHOBIVB LOANS. either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TERABURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THEIBBST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., EACH WiroxacsAzart, BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK ED., WAHHINGTON (Telephone 1 79 BRE WER'd AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Base's Pale Ale, Bass's No.l Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitter.. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IS BOTTLE. ALSO MinuvAcrulixne OF HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returnpd, CARRIAGEPAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICK. LADIES EVENING DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, Icc., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHERS,WELLINGTONS• CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, VOUCH (JAPES, GORMAN'S. 326, 328, and 340, Deanagate, Manchester. Established 60 Years. Telephone No 413

7113 r THE MARE NEW TONE PERFECT YOUR DIAPHRAGM the most natural retroduction yet obtained. GRAMOPHONE FOR EDISON TYPE MACHINE, 2s. • For Gramophone and Zonophone and PERFECT, other Disc Sound Boxes,3s. Fitted free of charge. If Bound Box sent by post JAKE remit 3d. extra for return postage. CAN TELL JAKE GRAHAM, YOU HOW. 76, & 76A RENSHAW MEET, LIVERPOOL.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) E 1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,400,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE 16 JOHN DALTON ST, Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS, Warrington Mr.O.J.HOLMBS, Queen's Chambers,Sankey it. Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nessollffe,Victoria-rd.,Latch a•rd St. Helens Mr.J.l3. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock... Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

A CHOICE CIIiARETTE. SLIDLOW'S SPRCIAL SILK cur CIGARETTI33. Huaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco, Bd. per cz., 21. 61. per ;lb. box. T. -no Low & co., CIGAR ItIRRCHANTe,' 15, WINWICK ST., AND 65, BUTTEIDIAHKET ST., WARRIIIGTNY. Tel. 414 Y.

ESTABLISHED 1833. MRS. THOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE. 33 MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR,PRESENTS.

BEAUTIFUL GARDENS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM OUR BULBS. NOW IS THE TIME TO PLANT. My collections (all good, hardy bolls* Include Hyacinths, Narcissus, Daffodils, Tulips, Gladioli, &0., and the prices are :-1.50, 21. 61.; 250, 3e. 6d. ; 500, 63. 3d. ; 750, Es. 9d. ; 1000, lls. All carriage free on °rears above 3s. 6cl. Cash With order, THE BULB SPECIALIST, W. H. MARSDEN, 28s BASINGBALL CT., LONDON, B

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLORODYNE, f..ia,s remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S HLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL OBEMISTS if you show you era not weak enongh to accept an imitation. COLLIS BP.OWIIR IS THE NAME ; la, lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. the prices. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

SOUTHPORT. —MILLINERY and FANCY BUSINESS for dlsposal, established 30 years, Business street. stock and fixtures at valuation. Good reason for leaving.—App y 23 and 125, Hat arum( BT.

GOOD BUTCHER'S BUSINESS (Colonial) cheap, with or without harse and cart, to , for disposal ; mtking good profits ; best for miles ronnd.—lrull particulars, 17, TOAD ST., Radcliffe, near Manchester.

"AZA." FLANNEL. W. HODGKINSON, LTD., ARE MAKING A SPECIAL SHOW OF THE ABOVE UNSHRINKABLE FLANNEL IN SMART STRIPES AND PLAIN COLOURS. W. HODGKINSON, LTD., BRIDGII STREET, WARRINGTON.

WINMARLIEGH CAFE, 70, SANKEY STREEI, WARRINGTON. HANDSOMELY DECORATED FOR THE WINTER SEASON. NOW BOOKING DATES FOR WHIST DRIVES, DANCES, ETC. Special attention given to DAINTY and ECONOMICAL CATERING both in town and for large Country Entertainments. COOKED GAME, BONED TURKEY, ENTREES, JELLIES, CREAMS, ICE PUDDING, ETC., TO ORDER, SILVER, GLASS, TABLE LINEN FOR HIRE. DINING AND TEA ROOMS. MANUFACTURERS OF WEDDING CAKES. BIRTHDAY AND GREAT VARIETY OF OTHER CAKES. CONFECTIONERY, PIES, AND PASTRY. All made on the Premises from the Purest Materials. SOLE AGENT IN WARRINGTON FOR FULLER'S, HILDERBRAND'S, LOBECK'S CHOCOLATES AND CANDIES; ALSO ALL BEST ENGLISH MAKERS. CELEBRATED WIN MARLEIGH TOFFEE. THE FINEST REMEDY FOR COLDS. MERRIE ENGLAND PACKETS READY FOR THE OPERA, OCTOBER 12r11.]

ARTISTIC DESIGNS AND BEST VALUE IN WINTER DRAPERIES. -

WOOL CURTAINS, PORTIERE CURTAINS, EIDERDOWNS, BLANKETS, AND HOUSEHOLD LINENS. E. eepiTES 72, BRIDGE STREET, 9 WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED IBM. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FBAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pietures.snitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, .Sobool Prises, U. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY; LIOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE EEPROCUCTIONI OF PICTURES IN I.IIII_NATIONAL4TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

TIME IS MONEY

Secure the right time by purchasing P. DALTON'S Watches, English Levers 20/- each. Waltham Levers 27/6. PRICES LOWER THAN ANY RETAIL SHOP IN ENGLAND. LB OBCBTIN Le ,29, Bridge St., Warrington.

TE4 No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). TEL. No. 123 FORSHAW & SON LIMITED. ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS, MAKERS OF Mersey St., Warrington. IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c. Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy maahining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. slotting up to 18-Inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

MONDAY, the 26th October. 1908. Sala of Valuable Cottages and Business Property at WIDNII9. MESSRS. S.B.HCLITLNBNYAB.AuTIORNO BaEt RtTh eS eonf t r aCI h Hotel, l Widnes, on MONDAY, the 26th October, 1908. at 7 p.m. prompt, subject to conditions to be then produced, the following valuable Block of PRRMISII9, namely 1— (a) All those Four DWELLING-HOUSES, Nos. 4, 6,8 and 10. Milton-street, Widnes. (b) All that Corner HOUSE, and SHOP, No. 2, Milton- street, aforesaid, in the occupation of Mr. Woolley. (e) All that YARD and WAREIHOUSIC (used as a marine store dealer's), No. 70 Waterloo-road, Vilidues, in the occupation of W. R. DylCe. (d) All that SHOP, No. 68, Waterloo-road, aforesaid, in the occupation of Mr. John Hedgcock. The tenure is Leasehold for the residue of a term of Flai years from the 25th March, 18t34. subject to the yearly original ground rent of £l4 19.. The gross annual rental of the property is £lOl 14s. The premise, will be offered in one lot. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Grosvenor Chambers, Chester ; J. T. Peters. Esq., Solicitor, 66, Victoria-road, Widnes ; S. Owens, Esq., Hetet° Agent, 66, Victoria-road, Widnes ; or to BRASSRY, 9, St. John-street, Chester, Vendor's Solicitor.

Re JOHN MAGINN, Deceased. IMPORTANT TO FURNITURE DEALERS, BROKERS, AND HOUSEHOLDERS. AN OPPORTUNITY THAT MAY NEVER OCCUR AGAIN. SALE BY AUCTION WITHOUT RESERVE M. J. SOUTHERTON has been instructed by THE /MORS OF THE LATE MR. JOHN MAGINN TO SELL PY AUCTION (WITHOUT RESERVE), the whole of the Stock-in-trade of a General HOUSE FURNISHER AT THE BOYAL COURT SALEROOMS, RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON, cm MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, AND SAI URDAY: 12th, 14th, and 37th OCTOBER, 1909. And following MONDAYS, WEDNESDAYS, and SATuR• DAYS until the entire Stock is cleared. In order to meet the requirements of buyers of large or small lots, the goods whets convenient will be offered singly, leaving the purchasers the option of Using any number they may require and any articles may be put up for sale on any day at any time they are asked for by intending purchasers, The Goods were purchased for the Deceased's usual trade and will be guaranteed perfect in every way unless otherwise described at time of sale. SALE BY AUCTION TO COMMENCE ON EACH OF THE ABOVE DAYS AT 2 P.M. AND 7 P.M. SALE BY PRIVATE TREATY EVEISY D T FROM 9 A.M. THE SALEROOMS ARE OPEN EVERY DAY, and the public are invited to call and inspect the Stocks. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY AT: THE SALEROOMS, RYLANDS STREhT, WARRINGTON.

VALUABLIO DWRLLING-HOUSh'S AND SHOPS IN WARRINGTON. TO BR SOLD BY AUCTION BY MESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS, at the IL Blue Bell Inn, Warrington, on Wednesday next, the 21st day of October, 1908. at 4 for 5 p ta. (subject to special 'Conditions of sale and to the general conditions of sale of the Manchester Incorporated Law Association, prints of 1 which special conditions may be obtained on the day of sale, at the offices of the undermentioned Accountants and Solicitor'. LoT 1.-Seven Leasehold DWELLING-HOUSES, numbered 8 to 20 (even numbers, Inclusive), in West-street, Warring ton, let at weekly rents of ss. each, amounting to £9l per annum, with the receivable ground rent of £3 13s. 98. from Lot 2, all subject to a yearly ground rent of £l2 Ile. LOT 2.-Three Leasehold DWIILLING-HOUSHS, numbered 22, 24, and 26, in West-atreet. aforesaid, let at weekly rents of ss. each, amounting to £39 per annum, subject to a yearly ground rent of £3 131. 93. LoT 3.-Ten Leasehold DWI'LLING-HOUSRS, numbered 28 to 48 (even numbers, Inclusive), in Wed-streel, aforesaid. let at weekly rents of Co. each, amounting to £l3O per annum subject to a yearly ground rent of £l3 4s. 63. LoT 4.-Seven Leasela id DVii BLLING-HOUSES, numbered 48 to 60 (even numbers, inclusive), in West-street, aforesaid, let at weekly rents of as. each, amounting to £72 16s. per annum, subject to a yearly ground rent of £9 6s. 68. LOT 5.--Thirteen Freehold DWELLING-HOUSItS and one SHOP, numbered 2 to 28 (sven numbers, inclusive), in Erwcod-street, Warrington, aforesaid, let at weekly rents, viz., shop 41. 6d., dwelling-houses Is, 28. each, amounting to £l3B Is. per annum, subject to a yearly chief rent of £25. LOT 6.-Nine Leasehold DWIILLING-HOUSRS, numbered 15 to 31 (odd numbers, inclusive). in Forster-street, Warring- ton, aforesaid, let at weekly rents of 41. each, amounting to £93 12s. per annuna,subjett to an appntioned yearly ground rent of £ll ii. 88. LoT 7.-Nine Leasehold DWEILLING-HOUSRS. numbered 36, 38, and 40. and 37 to 47 (odd numbers, inclusive), in Forster-street, aforesaid, let at weekly rents, viz., one at 51. 33. and Eight at 55., amounting to £ll7 13s. per annum, and subjest to an apportionate yearly grouud rent of 29 7s 78. LOT 8.-Three Leasehold SHOPS, numbered 76, 78, and 80, Rnutsford-road, Warrington, aforesaid, let at rents of £2O £lB, and £lB respectively, per annum, making together £56. ' Tenants pay all rates and taxes other than property tax, subject to a yearly ground rent of £2 18s. 73. LOT 9. -Thirteen leasehold D WELLING-HOUSE 3 , numbered 48 to 72 (even numbers, inclusive), in Sheep- street, Orford-lane, Warrington, let at weekly rents, viz., six at 4s. 68. each, six at 4s. 93. each, and one at to. 63., amounting to £l5B 12s. per annum, subject to a yearly ground rent of £l5 3s 63. LOT 10.-Nine Leasehold DWELLING-HOUSlSS,numbered 34 to 46 (even numbers, Inclusive), in Warburton-street, and numbered 2 and 4, Siddall-street, Warrington, aforesaid, let at weekly rents of Is. each, amounting to £7O 4s. per annum, subject to a yearly ground rent of £l2 7s. 63. For further particulars apply to Maur., Edward Lawton & Son' 14, Brown-street, Blanchester, Chartered Accountant.; or to the Auctioneers, Legh-street, Warrington ; or to CORBETT. WEMLIER, & COBBETT. 49, Spring-garaens, Manchester, bolleltors.

It IRS- DOBSON WILL GIVE LESSONS IN DRESSMAKING and MILLINERY every Friday afternoor. and evening at the Wimmarlegh Café. Commenc- ing October End. Term', 51. afternoon, 3s. evening.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL-AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOB BOYS. Languages, Science. and Com- mercial Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics. Cadet Company. Staff includes BA., M.Sc., F.C.V., Officier d' Academie, to. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER.

Ppraoufress es Oh ur .0b I AißizßioN,OErsgTaniwst and Ettizo, rAm.aLs iee r3Co f t . PIANO, ORGAN, THRORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manesi organ for pupils' practice.--Por terms apply 134, LovELY LAXE and LEGH ST., Warrington.

, the Genuine "Chas. Forde's. Mrs. Elizabeth Primmer, t, Lynton Villas, Peel Road, South Woodford, Essex, has beei Salvation Soldier for the last twenty-three yea "For nearly twenty years," says Mrs. Primmer, "1 was affli with indigestion, ulcerated stomach, and bleeding piles. 1 in such dreadful pain after every meal that often I walked about for three hours at time, my husband holding me up, and pressing my sides to numb the pain. My stomach and digestive system were very weak as a result of the many years' suffering from constipation, my bowels having been irregular, and my blood thin and poor ever since my school days. We paid pounds in doctors' bills in vain, and five years ago I was laid up in bed for six months. " When my illness was at its worst and the doctors seemed hopeless, I was induced to go in for a course of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. Alter taking this medicine for awhile, I gained appetite and found myself free from pain after eating. Continued use of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans resulted in my being at last cured of the stomach complaints and indigestion, which had robbed me of my appetite and my strength for so many years. 'I he constipation and the anzemia were ended by Chas. Forde's Bile Beans, and through this medicine the bleeding piles died away. Once I became ili again—l had been taking worthless imitation bile beans by mistake. I examined the label of the next box, and by taking Chas. Forde's again I became strong enough to take up my household duties. My health was quite built up by Okas. Forde's Bile Beans alone." BEWARE OF WORTHLESS IMITATIONS. Beware of imitation bile beans being sold to the unwary on the reputation of the original and world-fanned Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. See "Charles Forde's" on the label before you put your money down. The original and world-famed medicine that has cured thousands is Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. Sold in sealed wooden boxes only, at lilt and 2,9. of all chemists; or at same prices post tree direct. if desired. Iron' The Bile Bean Mg. Co.. 45. COW Cross Street. London. E.C.

,-;,-4.-,. . ' . C et.,•-•4"'''''‘;',-.4, • 4„; ' ' ' , '..• ;1- ;r , ".,.: 7 • 4 : . qrt ri 7 .... i 4 V 0.7 ' _4,.$ _ -1,-..-- - , - .."*.A.,:.------= • ' " :- •"-1,--- - El ' T

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects? If in doubt don't delay; don't wait until neglect has - aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the best methods known. Then, if you need them. wr. can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCHER 6 SONS Eyesight Specialists. 73, LORD STREET Estb. 1848. LIVERPOOL

You can hate FREE I! oFxn'oef St 117rlit' ginal & world- famed Chas. Forde's Bile Beans by sending this coupon and id. stamp (to cover return postage) to the Bile Bean Co., Greek Street, Leeds. " Warrington Examiner."

NOW READY. PfIOTOGRAMS OF THE I EAR, 1008. A REPRESENTATIVE COLItECTION OF THE BFST EXHIBITED AND NON. EXHIBITED WORE OF THE YEAR, ILLUSTRATING THE PICTORIAL PHOTOGRAPHY OF GREAT BRITAIN AND THE COLONIES, PRANCE, GERMANY, BELGIUM, SPAIN AND AMERICA. STIFF PAPER COVERS, 2s. NET.—POSTAGE SD. CLOTH BOUND, 3s. lET. IDAWBARN & WARD LTD., 8, FARRING DON AVENUE, LONDON, 8.0.

HORLICK'S MALTED MILK 6411 A _....,,,, IN POWDER PORIR. '..,.. Ise...' •-s THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. In 1;6, 26 and 11, Eott'es. (B,oUtri, BUCKS.) insomnia. A Good Night Gap.

'SUGAR TAX: IN consequence of the reduction, A we have restored our packets of BUTTER-SCOTCH to the size they were before the Tax was imposed, namely: 15 Tablets In the sd. Packets. 7 SI re aa. The Confectioners are now supplied. CALLARD & BOWSER.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the lli.ect from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEDs, ABSCESSES BLOOD POISON, BOILS. PIMPLES, IitIEUMATISAL CIOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effects are marvellous. Thoma Las of testimonials of wonderful cures from al rafts of the world. Remember that thls wenderful Medicine WILL PERAIANENTLN CURE ALL SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES I Of all Chemists and Stores, 2,9 per rJottle. BEW/,?E OF IMITATIONS.

ai -PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them. U-t Post tree. Bend for one.—TIUSIKELL, The Herbalist. 144, Richmond rd , Cardiff. Established 1879. CIGARS, exceptional value, 100 post frel 101000 7s. 91. ; sample of 9 for Is.—STRIBLING. British Oak, Westbourne Park rd., London, W.

Mini Best book I have ever read,' writes a married lady, _L and I wish I had seen It years ago.' The illustrated medical book sent poet free from A. BECKETT, 11 Gastien rd., Hammersmith. yIiSTHOLOGY.—HeaIth, changes, marriage, traverr. future prospects. ac. revealed. Send sex, birth date, Is. P.O. and stamped envelope for test Horoscope.-31. CARL, 23, Cambridge st., Glasgow.

rna SHIRT MANUFACTURES* COMPANY Supply Shirts Direct ; Oxfords. Gmndrllle, Flannelettes ; sample 2s. 3. post free.—SHIBT MANUFACTURING CO., 31, Milk at., Cheapside, London.

WATCHBS SAMPLES: BRAND NEW.—Gentlernen's, VT 3s. 6d , 51. 6d. and is. 6d. ; Ladles', 4s. 6d. and 6s. 6d., postage 3d. extra. Cash prices.—Cross P. 0.0. S.A. AGSNCIES, 11, Bing-street, Guildhall, London.

VINI RUGS at half-gice while stock lasts. Beautiful cream -L Balkan sheep-ikia rug, 6x 3 feet, SI. each, carriage paid; two for lbs. Bd.—Pomo, it Co.. (Liquidators, Siberian Fur Company). 33D Chancery lane, W.C.

IT SAVII YOU 4s. on every pair or my Celebrated Box-Calf Boots. Lade' or Ciente, Fs. 6d. pair, carriage paid; every pair guaranteed; money returned it not eatisfied.-0. 4 OLDEN WORTHY, 73, Southwark Park rd., London.

P FARMIIRS.—Highost prices obtainable paid 1 for Live fat Hens, Ducks, Ogees, Large Chickens. Sales, Cash proinit. Bankers, London City and Midland, White- " Branch.—M. SleMogg,l3 Cobb st..Spitalfields, London.

10 0 BULBS for le. Masterpiece collectlou, first-class Bulbs, Hyacinthe, Min., Tulips, Narcissus, Daffoills, Bar, utieulus, Crocus. Iris, labs, 100 (10 bulbs each), Is. ; postage 4d,; approval, catalogue.—TUßNEß, Tunstall at., Liverpool.

JAMES, are you Seeking Bargains —Fine yarn black Cashmere seamless Stockings, shaped leg, spliced heel and toe. Sample pair on approv..l Is. i. Carriage paid ; ribbed same price ; 'retailed at is. 6d.—Lrcliaa, Wellington rd. South, Hounslow.

RGBBE GOODS and every description of Surgical and IT Domestic Atop/Sauces half usual prices ; valuable infor- mation and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples le., or ten assorted Zs. 6d. (worth 58.)—W. B. DORSAN & Co., Manufactur.ers, Robson rd.. West Norwood, London.

910 THOSB ABOUT TO FURNISH.—Why pay furniture 1 dealers 53 per cent. more for old stolk when you can buy newest designs, absolute cost price, direct from manufac- turers ? Gentleman connected whol3sale furniture trade will Introduce Intending purchasers to wholesale houses for Is. in the Pound on purchases.-13Howx, 416 Eirex rd., G.

Ai ADAM ROZHLLh'S FATOOII9 Toilet Specialities.— _CI • Glorio ' quickly produces long, luxuriant eyelashes, Ac. ; Rose Bloom,' a harmless, natural, liquid rouge ; WelutO. a pure, adhesive toilet powder ;• Anti-Tartar ' makes teeth beautifully white, removing all discolouration ; 7d. each, post free (privately), 4 for Is. 93.-80, 'STAPLETON RD., Tooting, London.

I,IBLIABB INFORMATION of an exceptional character lb imparted to Elportsmen on Mutual Terms only. Wired last week.—Casa Blanea,7 to 1; 2aya.s to 1; Green 111115 on 4 tot; Carnfortb, 2 tot ; Bambaata. 5 to 4. All won. 12; points up on level stake. Two specials run at Alexandra Park on Saturday. Pay reply and promise odds to ss, or write for particulars.--ClomminGE, 27, Fish lit. 11111, London.

TOURNALISM AND ART.—Thorough Individual Tuition 0/ In all branches at Echool of Journalism and Secretarial Training for Women, 40, Sackville it., W. Under the patronage of Baroness de Bertouch, Helen Mothers, ' Madge' of Truth.' Mrs. T. P. C'Connor.—Principal, EDITRESS of • Home Life,' ac. Tuition by correspondence if desired. MSS revised, criticised, and typed.

OLD T181T14.-I'op prices given for old artifizial teeth.— Post to FoaTEß,Teetia Blictre,7,Orand Parade,Brighton. PIIINTINEL 1.071 Memos, Invoices or Statements, 4.. 91., Cash with Order.-BROADHICATII PAINTING CO. ,Altrlncham.

SPECIAL OFFE3.—Eligh-nlass Winter Overcoats in the latest patterns 253,, usual price 425., patterns end simple self-measurement form free.—T, 31ART, 17, Gresham it., opposite Gy.O., London, ILO.

MUST be SOLD at once through alterations, excellent Electric Piano with drums, mandoline, triangle, and 20 rolls of music, cost £l3O, for immediate sale will take £4B. —Cnowsr HOTEL, Oldham rd., New Cross, Blanchester. Tele., 8733.

DTY3LICIOUS preserves trot/1141min. Guava Jelly, 6 lib. or 3 21b. jars 6a. 6d , Guava dam sa. 6d. or sample case 6 different lib. jes 5,. 6d., carriage paid, cash with order. Price list on application.—Huosois, 5, Laurence Pountney Hill, London.

QPLIINDID offer. Rubel of drapery goods contsining 2 each blankets, sheets, table-clothe, toilet covers, curtains 4 Towels. 1 counterpsne, for 30a., carriage paid, cash with order, money returned if unaatiefactory.—WASlGH, Upping- him, Rutland.

WAEOEISPRING CORSETS, unbreakable, grey, straight fronta, newest shape, all sizes, 2s. pair carriage paid ; 'also Ladies' All Wool Ribbed Cashmere Stoebings, 3 pairs or 2a. 6d. carriage paid.—CoLLINS, LIDSToNE Ss Co., 191, Cqkporation st., Birmingham.

IDISH DIREOT FROM bEA.—Superb quality, ready for 12 cooking, sample basket 41bs. is. 6d, carria•ge paid ; wonderful value, special quotations for larger quantities on application.—Send P.O. Dept. 8. UNITED KINGDOM FISH SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, Grimsby Docks.

ADIRS.—BUY DIRRCT FROM TRH MANUFAC- 1J TURBIO and thus save Middleman's profit. Bend us your name Oa address and we will send you our Catalogue of Dress Skirts, Blouses, and Underclothing, Ite.—Tan LANCISHIRS MINUFACTURING Co., Burnley.

("MINA, EARTHENWARE, SECONDS. every description lJ Bazaars, shops, market ; cheap kits. Bee beginner's crate, free tease tremendous variety. Also Hawker's large bulk crates. about 1.003 articles, 38s. 6d. Cheapest In trade. Vats free.—AßTEltin I. HULL, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

A BARGAIN FOR BABY. HYGB C ROCKING COT, polished Birch, light or dark wood, 36 x 22, spindled sides and ends, buttoned mattress and pillow, lovely wadded guilt, complete Ils. 6d.. with down quilt 13s. 6d, Carriage paid In Great Britain, P.O. to the NOtirzlFS ISIAKIIFACTUBING CO., 40, Idethergate, Dundee.

A NAGRAMS LIMBRIONS.—The following will corn- ti pare favourably with the record of any individual ..solutlonist : £3OO " Ideas "—"lf we two are made one who'll It be" ; £197 " Pearsona "—" Knocked the bark from a dog and a tree"; £lOO " lit-Bits "—" Beata its roof our fate ceiling thereby" ; £B4 " Answers "—" Now its either Queen Anne or quinine" ; £25 " Daily Report "—"Remittances, Mine aoatter." Sample anagrams ; Constitutional—Stout cat in lion ; Metamorphosis-Shampoo ; mister ; Ratepayer's Association—Airs a necessity, at a poor. Besides these I have won over 100 prizes ranging from £lO down to 13. If I were to charge at the customary rates I would receive more orders than I could honestly deal with. I have, therefore, fixed on the uniform price of 2s. 6d. for each line or anagram. Orders ,attended to by return of post.—W. IddCALL, 1,323, Dumbarton rd., Scotitoun, Glasgow.

TERTICAL Single-cynder non-condensing CORLISS V ENGINE, cylinder 20 inches diameter by 3 feet stroke at 801bs.pressure may be seen stand fall, particulars obtained from Messrs. litcx, HAUGUE.LVE3 & 00., LTD., Bobo (ion Works, Bolton.

0 FFIC E FOR PATENTS 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLIRHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. Pelee D. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE le

QENTLEDIAN wl.hes to recommend • late Coachm an ; thoroughly experienced harness horses, brood mares, breaking young horses ; referen3es.-4., Barkhill, Aigburtb, Liverpool.

DRAPHRY.—West of England Firm have Vacancies for Smart Youth, also Young Lady, as Apprentices. Business thoroughly taught. Good class trade.—Apply F. FULANI:IBz Co., Costumiers, Batb. U ERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU £ICO-2350 a II Sanitary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor.—Postal Course Lessons for Liverpool Examination now commencing. CO suocesses.--MusanNs. Sanitary Expert, Sunderland.

MILK ROUND.—WANTED to purchase a genulne one from 2100 to £200; must be making 4d.a gallon profit. Reply saying number of gallons doing weekly and price wanted to Y 171 " Evening News" Oftio., Manchester.

AaI3NTS who can do £3 of businsse in Private Xmas Cards should at once send their name and address to JONES, w mums k Co., Dept 62, Victoria Works, Preston, when they will receive free of charge the most wonderful and novel book published.

HOMBI BI,IPLOYMLINT.— On the receipt ot a Is. Postal Order and a stamped addressed enveiope, I will put you in the way of obtaining work of a profitable kind to he done in your own home.—Address, EMPLoTMENT AGENT, 51, Savoy rd., Baynes Park, Surrey.

NACKERS I KN &OKEltti I I ISISIAUKHRS !I I Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 1.8 miIes—JAMES TOOLE AND ON LTD., Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, WarOngton. Telegrams, Toole, Lon/ford Works, Telephone 299,

ANTED, for Farm near Wigan, HANDY FARM HAND VY to Ilve in Farm House, attend to Stock, fence, break young horses and willing to make himself generally useful. Wife to look after poultry, and portion of house kept for owner's use. Without family preferred. Particulars and wages required. —Box F.P., "Examiner" Office,Warrington.

2233 ItIiARLY, clear, on investment of £9OO, secured on snug, select, block Flats, lease 92 years ; suit Lady, Tradesman retiring, or others. —L) mien, 229, Evering rd., Clapton, London.

PO CAPITALISM—Required, CAPITAL OF £3,000 at .1_ 3i per cent., on large and flourishing BRICK WORKS, situated near HALTBRlS(Westphslia). Uo-to-date Machinery AMPLE SECURITY BY FIRST ivoaraiGli ; Hstimated value over PPM°. GINUINH lIVIISTME T. Personally inspected.— t, or full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & CO , Financial Brokers, 35, Detonds rd.,liern 3 Hill, London, S.R.

j ONDON.—LEINSTER HALL= and 28,Leinster Square.W. Heeldential Hotel (superior and central). Full Board from 30.1. a week, 51. 6d. day. Bed and Breakfast 31. ed.

LONDOB. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIETJ CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT Dr OLD WARRINGTON PEoPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET, ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHCIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS PRoY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. TEE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

SILVERDALB, CARNFORTH.—Winter bealth resort, highly recommended by medical faculty ; superior APARTNIBINTS or Board Residence.—Apply Hunsou,linowe Lodge. Private grounds, stab ling, garage, golf links, stag bounds.

ST. ANNES-ON-SA.—APARTMENT, Terms moderate. Speelal terms for long dates.—Mrs. MID6LEY, Holm° House, 77 St, Alban' rd,

ON SALH a Brown PONY MAR% thre3 years old, 13i hands high, by a noted cob, good in all harness, splendid mover and cpalet.—Apply B, 811TMER, Dingle, Elasllngtou, Crewe.

Oraminer *erfes THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The• principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Wlnwick, Padgate, Lymm, &a., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1_ morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest' facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every sarurday _L morning. Widnes containt the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and Is a rapidly growing centre of industry. gnu] EANLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, I. published every Saturday morning The -Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Glolborne, Ilaydock, Lowton, Act. The district thus comprised is a.most Important part of the Lancashire coal fields, ruin' ST. HELENS EXAMlnflatt, published every 1- Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &o.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of,the Kingdom. p REPAID A DYERTI6EgENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WARTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen I Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks I 18 Os. Ed. ... is. bd. ... Es. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 93. ... Is. 10d. ... be. Od, ss. Od. 36 ... Is. Od. ... Is. 6d. ... 44. Oil. 61. Od. 45 ... Is. 3d. 34. id. se. Od. 7s. Od. 64 ... is. 6d. ... is. Bd. ... 6e, Od. 10s. Od.

THE EXAMINER. OCTOBER 17113, 1903.

SPECIAL &HOW OF AUTUMN NOVELTIES IN ILLINfIaY, COSTIMIES, DRIOSIM ac. AT W. T. WILLIAMS, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON

England.

Rate per Shr. shift. s. d. Process 'Alen (Ash) 4 3 Rate per hr Shr. day d. Do. 18-21 years Yard Labourers ...... 5177 Fitters 95 Smiths 95 Strikers Joiners Bricksetters Fitters' Labourers Joiners' Labourers Bricksetters' Labrs 5-33 Do. 16-21 years flours per t0n.... ..... I J vn3961 '"%ce

ENTRY POE? WI To be sent to "CURRANTS," 231, STRAND, LONDON. Please send free of cost as mentioned in the " WARRINGTON AND MID-CIIESIIIRE EXAMINER," to Full name (Mrs. or Miss) Full address • a copy of the Currant and flAnana Recipe Booklet and full particnlars of the Great Nation-al Cookery Competition. Vour Grocer has the little Booklet "Simple and Dainty Currant and Banana Recipes." Ask him for a free copy.

, , ' f•P'- ~.,7 --'4"—,• '' •••••""?`•`':•'-'-'-'"atl • .-.--.7-:-, - - --.,.. - ,-- -..--1,7--,e4,- -----;;;:,C 4,;44-;(:.. : .._• ..- ',.:i. 4 :-.N. ' ;14'.' p '''':;- p 42.0 r ~,,,„,,,Nd:(4.-,,,,f1,.,..-,:„.:., '-' UNCLE --,„'''-'' _:- ..: -_-•.-A:.:, ~..,. .- -7-,- _ • , Y.\ W 7 - 2-:./ .\, ;A: -‘ ' , 1 r,- N ED.‘. ';'.4`;', ~., v, 11--ar- .1- .1 ~-',:•-:.:,.. 1 :: ;*:_,..N‘T7.O". '':,4ialNii,.. ~,,,,,k.„,.'',:y• ...<., . -' . „4...,. , - ^ "''' -: -' - ',"-' ''''''"---- 5-.-- -. . ;;.4 'SI , 'wetaty-:-, '•`" • ...:' - ,W,'5,N.,,Z7.-4.' ._ ....- kit - KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. In many cases, when animals are ill-treated, it is done unintentionally, for any one who in- flicts pain on an animal for the sake of hurting it, and finds pleasure in so doing, must, in- , deed, have taken leave of any sense of feeling. At home I have a book with some hints ort kindness to animals. This is the one that heads the list:— "Everyone intending to keep animals should first learn what is requisite for the health and happiness of each, and, if unable to provide it a suitable home, a sufficient and punctual supply of wholesome food, and opportunities for healthy exercise, should at once decide nog to keep it." If only this rule was obeyed, many animals bought on the spur of the mcnzent, their owners—generally children—having none, or a very inadequate, idea of what is requisite for their food, or accommodation for them, but foolishly thinking that it would be time to see to such things when the pet was obtained, would be saved discomfort, pain, and not sel- dom death, for it is while the owner—the novelty of his new possession worn off—is leisurely inquiring as to the habite and proper food of his pet, that it suffers, maybe cooped up in a much too small box, for want of air, light, or food. So adhere to this rule, and you will be right. instead of thinking it will be time to become acquainted with its proper food, and procure a home for it, when you get your pet, reverse it, and do not think of the pet until these mat- ters ire ascertained. Most animals are grateful, kindness to them is not wasted; let them hear your voice when a tit-bit is given, and soon they will come run- ning to you when called, and although you have found the way to their feelings "through their stomachs," as the saying goes, yet they are none the less sincere for that. Horses, it may be noted, if treated kindly, invariably work in a more wholehearted way than those of their kind who are ill-treated, su to treat them kindly pays their master. Most cruelty, if it is not as I have already said, done unintentionally, it is thoughtlesslYr and a word to the offenders will often stop it. Let us decide with Wordsworth:— 'Never to blend our pleasure or our pride, With sorrow of the meanest thing that feels?' HITEEP.T. H. HAyES.

FCHILDRETriI SLEEP WELL when they are healthy and their food is doing its proper work. 4 THE BEST FOOD IS ' 7Eil n .. VT69 „..,, l'' •. V 3 S Food which for more than 8o years has • helped to preserve and build up the • young life of the Country. \\Then prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and ' asimilated by the most delicate 1.1 Infant and forms . A COMPLETE DIET.

DR.: BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS BArea'new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing ddkalclie Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all iseases'oithe Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet hree times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses youiwill have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain Backache, &c. Write at once enclosing en stamps forone box or 33 stamps or 3_Loxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO.. 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON,

FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES. CHIVERS'

THE FAMILY DOCTOR SAYS :—" We have nothia but unqualified praise, for they are Absolutell Pure and free from adulteration." CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE., FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' 31'14 FACTORY.

200 YEARS A SECRET. SOS GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROR For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has, .„eail kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderfus cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS' all SKIN TROUBLES. root It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the it hag delicate skin, In many cases of very long standiaae fos quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Fs 14stamps. GRAN NIE COMPANY, NOR WIC

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. , L I PT 1,- ITS TEA,. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD. Local Branch :—WARRINGTON, BRIDGE ST.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS! 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. October Bth, 190 G. Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you of the great benefit I that have received from your Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have been a great sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I have recommended your pills to all I have come into contact with, and shall always speak very highly of them. lain NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN THE HOUSE. You can make what use you like of this state- ment, which is strictly true. Yours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London EADE'S GOUT &

CHRYSANTHEMUM SHOW AT STOCKTON HEATH. Opening by the Mayoress. -- There was a flee display of chrysanthemums on Satur- day when the Stockton Heath Garden Society held their fourth annual show of these beautiful flowers in the Church Institute, Victoria-square. In addition to the chrysanthemums there were also other autumn flowers, and the whole formed a- pleasing collection. The increase in exnibits was most marked, there being 170 as compared with 75 last year. It is also pleasing to note that 40 children competed in the exhibition. The judges (Messrs. Poulton and Wakefield) had great difficulty in placing the winning cards, owing to the general excellence of the flowers. THE OPENING CEREMONY. The Mayoress of Warrington, who was accompanied I by the Mayor, opened the show. Mr. Vere Davies (President of the society),in a short address, referred to the excellent way in which both the IMayor a.id Mayoress had carried out their official duties during the past two years, adding that the only regret was that they were about to relinquish the office. He I thought the chrysanthemum was a very interesting flower. They were all proud of their national emblem, the rose, but if he were a Japanese he would be equally , proud of the chrysanthemum. They had an excellent I show of that class of flower. He, however, fai led to j notice any single flower chrysanthemums in competi- tion. They were very difficult to grow, but would form a very interesting class, and next year he hoped to see some exhibited. (Applause). The Mayoress said she was proud of the task of open- ing the show. They in Stockton Heath were noted for their flower shows, their gardens and trees. They kept improving, and she hoped that they would continue in that course, and that Warrington would follow their example. She had great pleasure in declaring the show open. (Applause). Mr. Plinston proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayoress, which was seconded by Mr. Evans. Miss Timperley then presented the Mayoress with a pretty bouquet frcm the Society. The Mayor said he was pleased to find the juveniles of Stockton Heath were taking an interest in garden- ing. The baskets of autumn foliage were a feast for the eyes and a credit to the district. He admired Stockton Heath because the people were trying to make it a place of beauty and a joy for ever. (Applause.) Mr. McDermid proposed a vote of thanks to the judges whom he complimented upon the way they had carried out their duties. This was seconded by Mr. B. Bradshaw and was heartily passed. Mr. Wakefield in reply said Mr. Poulton and he had been surprised to find so many beautiful chrysan- themums so early in the seasog. The classes were well filled and the Bogie,'' was excellent. Ile congratulated the committee upon having so many competitors taking an interest in the cultivation of chrysanthemums. (Applause.) A vote of thanks was accorded to the president for presiding on the propositicn of Mr. Willott, seccnled by the Rev. J. Collins. PRIZE LIST. Ist Class.-Japanese (out-door), six varieties : 1 Peter Cliffe ; 2, E. \V. Whitehouse • 3, Mrs. Hargreaves. 2nd Class.-Japanese (out-door), three varieties : 1, E. W. Whitehouse ; 2, A. Millar ; 3, A. J. Mottram. 3rd Class.-Japanese (one spray) : 1, 11. Mottram ; 2, G. Williams 3, James Owen. 4th Class.-Sik varieties (single bloom) : l, James Owen ; 2, Mrs. Ilargreaves ; 3, A. J. Mottram. sth Class.-Three varieties, (single bloom) : 1, E. Pollard ; 2, James Owen ; 3, A. J. Mottram. Rth Class.-Two plants in bloom : 1, .1. Deighton ; 2, Peter Cliffe ; 3, James Owen. 7th Class.-One plant in bloom : I, J. Moore ; 2, l'eter Cliffe ; 3, A.. 1. Mottram. Bth Class.-No competitors. 9th Class.-One plant bloom in pot : 1, J. Moore. 10th Class.-Bowl or vase of one variety (out-door grown) : 1, E. Vernon; 2, J. Moore; 3,Mrs. Hargreaves. 11th Class.-Bow: or vase any number of varieties : I, J. Mocre ; 2, Peter Cliffe; 3, H. Lyons. 12th Class.-Epergne, any number of varieties: 1, F. A. Rathbone ; 2, Miss Lucy Plinston ; 3, Mrs. Hargreaves. 13th Class.-Pompone in three varieties : 1, S. J. Woodcock. 1 lth Class.-Pompone in one spray : 1, E. Plinston ; 2 Mrs. Hargreaves; 3, E. Vernon. 15th Class.-Six cactus dahlias : 1, James Owen ; 2, A. J. Mottram ; 3,E. W. Whitehouse. 16th Class.-Six ponipone dahlias : 1, H. Lyons ; 2, J. Moore; 3, E. Vernon. 17th Class.-Three vases of single dahlias : I, J. Owen: 2, A. J. Mottram; 3, H. Lyons. 18th Class.-Collection of out-door blooms (space not to exceed three feet Nue? e) : 1, Peter Clilie ; 2, E. Plinston ; 3, A. J. Mower's. JUVENILE SECTION. 19th Class.-Basket of ant umn berries and foliage (members only) :-1, D. Tissington ; 2, A. Barlow ; 3, R. Acton ; h c, R. Lyons and A. Moore; c, 0. Acton. 20th Class.-Basket of autumn berries and renege. (Open) : 1, M. Per ny ; 2, J. Bowccck ; 3, M. Cain ; h c, H. Acton. 21st Class.-Three sprays of chrysanthemum : 1, Bertha Owen ; 2, Bessie Owen. 22nd Class.-One spray of chrysanthemums: I, Bessie Owen ; 2 Bertha Owen ; 3, A. Barlow. 23rd Class.-One dish of 6 apples: 1, Mrs.llargreaves• 24th Class.-One dish of 6 pears: I, Mrs. Patgreaves • BEGGING. On Tuesday morning at the Occasional Court before I Mr. T. Orman& Thomas llalliwell, of 29, Partridge- street, Bolton, and Daniel Garnett of Earlestown, were charged with begging in Market-street, Earlestown, on the 12th inst., and were committed to gaor for seven I days.

WONDERFUL I 9 ONLY OFFER! . . -- , . This beautiful Carr. Paid. MARBLE CLOCK,. stuaratitced Real Black Marble, ì j beau.ifully inlaid with Coloured Marlin, lined w.th Gilt, with splendid Lever Tinte,Crre w th Silver,l Dial, .il Sent Can•lage Pcid to any address for ',i ~;', .. ' . .4,.., ~ 8/ -, and rnonry returned if you are ..._,. not satisfic I, Honestly worth a Garner. ..' ..,. , . . ..,. ~ Write to-floy tc the Phcanix Manufacturing Co.. 84, New North Rd., London.

Well Regulated families are fully alive to the importance of being prepared for those troublesome attacks of Indigestion and kindred ailments common to all, and of effectively dealing with them in the early stages before they have become dangerous or chronic, Well regulated families arc careful to have always a sound reliable remedy immediately available, and as experience has clearly proved the undoubted superiority of Beecham's Pills as a family medicine, a box of this invaluable corrective is always kept at hand. For removing such distressing disorders as Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Liver troubles in general, and Constipation, it is ever the wisest and most satisfactory course to :rake Beecham's Pills. The remedial properties of these pills, however, are not limited to the cure of digestive troubles alone, but exercise a specific and beneficial influence upon the nervous system. Well regulated families are aware that there is no finer tonic, nor any more certain means of banishing disease from the household than may be secured by a judicious and regular use of Beechatolos tills,

ecteinzi OP.MS Ni719L41123114 &BMA, BRONCHITIS. CROUP & WHOOPINC COUCH. P., Intl 111 st,D 'TA .4P rOA egtE woke NICHOLAS LOAN, CHLHIST, ERCINGTON. urciAotalX 3izthz,

FROM WAREHOUSE TO WEARER—DIRECT. Long Coat splendid quality stripe frieze double-breasted tront, swing back with belt, shaped gauntlet cuffs, hip pockets and tab, vent at b:.ck, sizes, slender, small, full, and outsize women's, lengths 50,52,51,56 k .!fi its. Colour lig ht b••own , TIIOFB green, royal a n d navy blue. My special price for this 1 n in, poet sound, hardwcaring Paletot is j 47 free Dress Skirt, very smart, seven goredVicuma Cloth; overlaid seams; inverted pleat at back ; rows of stitching at foot; trimmed tratons of same material. In black, navy, brown, royal, & green. Also in Tweeds in mid k dark green and brown mixtures. Lengths 36, as. 40, 42 ins. ; waists 23 to 27 ins. A coin. a / post bination of quallty, style & value. V/ 47 free REMEMIIfiIt that money is returned in full if goods are not approved. Orders for these garments will be executed in strict rotation. McDONALD'S Regent St., WAREHOUSE. Rugby.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! H.M.S. Leander, Davenport, November 30th, 1007. Dear Sir.—During the past six months we have had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and whilst hoisting in and out ocean tugs, copper punts and other small crafts I contracted several chills one after the other, which finally settled in ray legs and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. I was placed on the sick list and given the usual naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing your advertisement, I determined to try your famous Gout Pills, and after taking a few doses they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared and my legs are as strong as ever again. Yours Respectfully, G. SWACKENHAMME, Q.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. lEUMATIC PILLS.

THE NEW FRENCH itkEmEpy. THERAPION issuccessiu po- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for I impurityof blood, spots,blotches,pain & swellingofjoints, * kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischates, piles,gravel, pains in back, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars Id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stockltoad,Hampstead, London,& principal Chemists.

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER, SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to cal parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

DO YOU COUGH? TAKE KEATING'S LOZENGES Tins Be -rou WON'T COUGH.

eet dra:c (e5l er CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC BELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBIND AND SOON CURD The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the eJles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

Apply for pamphlet to the ASTHMA ASTHMA CURB SYNDICATE. 76 FINSBURY livnatinr; LONDON, E.O.

WANTAGE HORSES IN GRAND FORM. Gentlemen that will pay well for an occasional good thing from Wantage, please sena stamped address.—F. CURTIS?, Bllil st.,Wantage.

SERVICE COLLEGE FOR CIVIL SERVICE APPOINTMENTS. Principal: J. 7'. MIDLAND, M.A. (Oantab), Formerly of Ring's College, London. Oral Classes: Kean Street, Aldwych, W.C. Correspondence: Medina, Purley, Surrey. Write for Prospectus to Principal, Medina, Purley, Surrey.

BRASS NAME PL4TES AT LAST a patent Filling for the letters has been found which cannot come out, melt, or crack. You know the trouble with the old atyle plate. Then avoid it by ordering from SENIOR., ENGRAVER, STOCKPORT. THEY'RE EVERLASTING.
