===== 0002601_19081121_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CFIURCH BEWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). NOVEMBER 22xn, 1908. Paitecnert : REV. 3. IMAGE, 10.30 AND 6.30. Evening, Specially for Young People :--••• The Best Heritage." N•l3.—" Sala Hour," after Evening &mice, in Memorial, Ball. Sacred Moan. All are welcome.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR HALL,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30TH, THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.

BACKHALTS,

VIE FAMOUS PIANIST

AND MADAMEI

ELLA RUSSELL,

I,THE WOULD-RENOWNED PRIMA,DONNA.

ACCOMPANIST; MR. R. J. FORRES.

r Ileserred Seats, 5;., 3s. 6d., 21. ed. and 2s. Unreserved 11144, Is. PLAN and 'rickets at Mr. B. H. PBANSON'S "dRe-3treet. Warrington. Telephone 501.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
r, • k - , _ LI • * 46:5 4 4 . I -4 _ - • -„ .

BILTUR3D2LY, NOVEMBER 21 , 1908.

10ttIsc, tptirosc, 33oaring efStab.

AMSRY HYDRO, ISLE OF MAN,—leleal winter residence; extensive ground', golf, billiards ; brine and otber baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

BARMOUTH. N.W.A.UIS.--GLENCAIRN,SISIALL SELECT PENSION. Ideal winter and spring rebldence. Tempera- ture equals South ot France ; good table ; homelike. Inclusive terms (rem 251. Week-tmd IC/6.—Mrs. HERBERT Dgrnoe.

Sipartments, furnislnl3 311ottgesi,

BRIGHTON.—Comfortable apart. board opt. 1 min, am bath. Moderate.-7 BURLINGTON al% Marine Parale.

A PARTHRNTS, or Furnished Houses ; carefully selected ; .t 1 state requirecaents,--Woon, 8. Ruskin Park, Hove,

Brighton.

PIIIISTATYN.—Furnished, • iJuturnlsbed Bungalows, Houses, Land, Let or Safe; starnp.—lNGLErtzLndlgent, Prestatim.

TO LT (Telgomouth), Furnished Comfortable House. 1. Low rent to Ladvay.—luquire EQUIRE MIDBURBTI Teignmouth.

LACRPOOL (NORTH).—romfortable clean APART- L) BLUNTS, facing sea ; bath; winter terrna.—ClmpwaLL, 9. Holmfleld rd.

NUBSll.—Private home for Maternity and Invalids; pleasantly situated ; moderate terms.-3, CARLTON Avicuz, Hoo Hill, Blackpool.

nLACKPOOL.—Best and most reasonable secommodation at Mrs. MOSELEY'S, 96., Albert rd., near Central Station and Promenade; pnblid or private APARTMBSTS. Piano.

f LAN DUDNO and NORTH WALB3 COABl.—For Li Furnished and Unfurnished HOllllBll apply M. Emit Nstste Agent and Auctioneer, Llandudno.

Age,.

CIOLWYN BAY, Comfortable APAIITAIIINTS near Bea and Station (moderate winter terms). Flpecial attention to invaIIds.—LLBWELLYN, 45 tireenfield rd.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
No 1637

COUNTY 80013011 OF WARMNOTOS.- TO TAILOR, HAITRIN. Ac. lbe PAVING and SEWBRAGIB COMMITTER of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive lenders for 49 Scavengers Slops and 40 scavengers Hats. Samples may be seen, and all further Information obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall, on and after Monday the 23rd inet„ at which place tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock noon on Monday the 39th day of November, 1908. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accoptel. THOS. LONCIDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor, Borough Engineer and Surveyor's. Office, nth November, 1902.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

POSTER PRINTING. PROMPTITUDE IN DELIVERY EAXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19081121_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Sionen

ATONEY UNDBB WILLS or DllBl3s.—Persons entitled L. to Cash or Property at death of others or to Life Incomes can Borrow at Bank Rate, or Sell. Advice free.— Messrs. IficVlTTik, 34, If Liverpool.

PLEABIC NOTE ADTRERS 2, THYNNB STRBRT. WARRINGTON. ('USH. ADVANCED PRIVATELY on day of ) application at a lower rate of interest and repayment. than any other ofllae In town, and at the following easy repayments : £5 Loan is. 6d. Weekly £2O Loan 5l. Od. Weekly £lO Loan 3s. Cd. Weekly I 260 Loan 13s. 6d. Weekly • THIS IS GBNUINH. Larger sums In same proportion. Other terms can be mntaally arranged. Special terms to farmers and shop keepers. Distance no object. Apply In confidence personally, or by letter, to the Actual Lender, J. LORD, 2, TRYNNII BTRHHP, off Parker street (near rank Quay Station), WARRINGTON.

,441

OFFICK

===== 0002601_19081121_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ftiarbitita, etc

FOR

===== 0002601_19081121_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PA PENIS

i. p. By POST I is. 7der Quarter. 6s. 6d. per annum. is. 9d. per Quarter credi

3nrotinents, Rpbarts, Sa.

GIVEN AWAY. se. POSTAL ORDERS. (AN RECEIPT of P.O Is. we send 12 SPLENDID CHRIiTMAS GREETING CARDS, together with catalogue of FREE GIFTS. You can select any article. If you prefer cash, you can have a 6s. POSTAL ORDER—ABSOLUTELY FREE. This sounds impossible, but is quite genuine. It is simply au advertisement D 7 wholl we hope to make many regular Customers.—ClTY EUPPLY AGENCY, 11, Ring it.. Chespside, London,

TEETH J. EL PARKINSON TEETH MASCHBSTBEI

ATTEND TEETH ' TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at: TEETH SORTRWICH. WINSPORD and MIDDLBY7ICH. TEETH (See Local Papers)

eburatton.

10 EVOLUTlON.—Shortband In 4 teflon', First lemon, 63., IL —Doommr, 12, Old Torwood at., Torquay.

SBC RHTARI AL and Commerclat Bducation, postal tuitioa thorough tratning.—Apply COMMERCE, 36, Byne Syclenham.

BBARWOOD HOMH SCHOOL from Home; terms moderate, inclusive ; dancing and call9thenies, French. TE H6MEBTEAD rd., Smethwiek, Birmingham.

AIRS. DOBSON WILL GIVE LEt+ONS IN LII DRESSMAKING and MILLINBRY every Friday afternoor and evening at the Wimmarlegh Café. Commenc- ing October 2nd. Terms, 5.. afternoon. 31. evening.

SUUT H PORT BIODIIIIN SEHOOL.—AN IDEI4 SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science. d Corn merit Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics, Oadet Staff includes 8.A., 31.50., F.C.V., °Meier d' del& Ac. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus from HEADMAR R.

11-1 NEST WILKE4' A'LC.M.', Professor of Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul';Churoh. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certifioates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practioe.—For ttrma apply 134, LOVELY LANE and' LEGH St. WArrinjaoll.

GOOD SALARIES. SCOPE FOR ABILITY. ASSURED PROMOTION.

SPLENDID GOVERNMENT CAREERS FOR YOUTHS AND YOUNG LADIES. IN EXAMINATION AFTER EXAMINATION ALL THE SUCCESSES STAND TO THE CREDIT OF SHERRY'S COLLEGE. CONVINCING PROOF THAT THE COLLEGE IS THE ONLY SURE GATEWAY TO SUCCESS. ENROLMENT IN ALL THE CLASSES NOW Day, Evening and Correspondence.

Civil Service Prospectus free from Secretary, SKERRY'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL.

Ontiag anb Kanb on ,arc.

1 0 NEW Houses, Lease 0 years, Rents £169, Price £l5Ol Ground Rent £2B.—WAL7O:I BROS" Smettiwick.

A HEALTHY London inburb with Education SI adran- -11. tages. Homo and land for sale, to let and wanted.— AUCTION, EURVEY, VALUATInN AND ESTATE OFFICZ-S. 59, High EL, Southall, lidlddletex.

L'OR BALL—AII thoob THESE SHOPS situate in Winwick et., Warrington, sad numbered 37, 39, and 41, at present in the occupation of Mrs. Stirrup and Mr. Brocklehuret, together with buildings and stables in the rear. Gross annual rental £175 125., sukjeat to an annual able( rent of £2O lls 6d.—Apply S. OwEtre, Estate Agent, Widnes.

fßoiov eacs, Crete% Tarriageo, etc

1 R 00GUINEA MOTOR TRI-CA " Resette " Good as new,2 speeds 5 hp. Offers, trial.—J. STUBBS. Ashfleld rd., Charley.

2.—mart 13 haiada PonT, Raleigh Car, and Brown V Harne!e, in good condition.—W, GRIFFITHS it SONS 6, Grect George at., Liverpool.

I_YROUGHAM (rubber tyres) CHEAP. Pony Float and all kinds of vehicles built, and second hand on sale rhea p larinrea OARMAGE Woass, Park rd.,Ormskirk, ana 62 Chatham rd., Ellrkdale, Southport.

IYCLES.—BARGAIN ; Lady's and Geut's Cycles for Sale no use to owner : just as new. not ridden ; 2 Coventry high-grade machines, free wheels, 2 brakes, plated rims, and all parts beautifully plated, lamp and bell, all with cycle; will send on approval before cash sent ; magnificent bargain and worth ,out!P will sell either £3 10a. casb.—Apply TOM HUMPH. El!euborcugh Park rd., Weston- super-Mar e.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
jqorcits, Thogs, Elbe stork 2Z‘re

j ARM< fat roasting fowls, 4s. ed. pair, rarriage psid.—H. C. WALKER. Binley, St. lidary Bourne, Andover.

FAT chickens, 4r., 51., 6s. pair, carriage pail, aatisf 'clan gnatanteed.—W.H.Pcmann,Walsham-le-Willows,Saffolk

TOR SALM two Cheatnut 141arep, Traps, Barnett., and Stable Flttings.—Apply Dr. sa.cw, hallway rd., Leigh.

CO SALL uceful, bonesf, found COB, 19-2 ; set of kJ Harness and Business Trip. —4B, SetrTHPJRT B. OrMairk.

Oi SAL% a Brindle Wavy-coated MA SI IFF-BBIBIEVER, 12 months old.—lvy COTTiGE, Lower Whitey. near Northwlth. Cheshire.

Vir SALE, good farmer's HORSE, gaol worker in 1111 Rears and eheap.—Apply H. J. Sourans. filpringntld Farm, Croft. Warrington.

ON BALE Cheap, 8,00 Fat Turkeys, Geese, Pullets, Ducklings and Chickens ; fresh Kggs.—Apply fIROIRICE, Poultry Farm, Co!looney, Sligo.

FLION S&L, one Horse (17 hinds), Lurry, Cart, Furniture Vau,snd Harnesatogether or spparate ; all in good eon- --.ft- dition,—Apply JAMES BucLEs. 19, New Bank rd.,Blackburu.

OR9II, HARNICSS, and BROLIGHIO4.-13eautifu1 bay Carriage Horse, Hi hands, warranted sound and quiet to riJe cr drive; Drongharn nearly new, by Windorer (London), lilted with electric light, and lined green satin ; rubber-tyred ; sold together or separate at a sacrifice, no further use for tham,—Apyly JoEN °HER, 6, Derby rd., Bootle.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Ofebfral

DILER, don't suffer, ease and comfort P.O. 61— TAYLOR, I. 3, Regent rd., Manchester.

QKIN FOOD.—Beelle's we'l-known Parisien, 21. 63. poat 0 I ree.-8. HANOVER Sr., London, W.

Tilifq'S Indian Corn Cure acts Ince migle, tend Eid.— G•zz. Chemist. tlfgham's Park. London.

lki leff suffering nervous de'llity, send 5 stamps for I tre alse. —WARNER. 77, King st., Rsmagate.

EOZEMA.—Ce.t.on Cure. box, 1.., post r.—Pstrzesoa O•MERON-CORB,T, 85, Lea rd., Kidderminster.

STAMM BRING curei by Comepondenoe or Personally. TreAlte sent free.—Megos. 30, neat se., London.

TAR. SHILOH'S Consumption Core; cure Chest Diseases; Is. 3d. free.—Fismkreos. Chemist. Stockton-on-Tees.

I) MIUM A.TI•3!II,SCIATIOA —lnfallible recipe by let e stelae, 7d., cots 6 1.-97MTE,2, Klphlek rd..Newb wen

DLEABI: send two le. and one 2s. 6.1. box of your Revert)* 1 Ointment. It to the best I have Wed.—Sams:l, Chern,st, Durham.

ODNISIE'd 0011 N ItitADlCATOff.—liemoves corns in l'os one ulabt ; never fails, Md..nd I. post free. —IConNEY, Fernlelgb, lioirlansis Wo-thing, Sussex.

TTRYDAN, fcr Itching Chilblains and Itching Pilo. Instint relief, nrl. per box, No broken chilblains II used in MoRnAN, Chemist, Carmrt hen, 9.

DILEI9, Skin Diseases Permanently Cured. Taylor Jervis, the Pmlnent Dermatologibt'd Latest Diieovery never fails. Large 'ample, 11. 21. P. 0., 35. ICENtBLE ST.. Pres:mt.

QTAMM 1011 SG end Stutterlng cured by Mn. CALDwELL L J Institute for Stscarnerers. 19, Standwiek Phase, Ed!u- borough. Established 1902. rapid method. Testimonials free,

21019119. RUNNING EARS cured by LI Wright's Para'inP. Potties, Is, Id. post free. Twenty years' mutatioo.—Sole proprietor, HENDERSON, Chemist. Wibeey, Braclfora.

UtCZEMA, wounds, ulcers, and all akin diseases cured promptly and permanently by' Rersraolia " ; winder- NI cures effeetel, nothing like it ; sent post free 11. Blum', Chemist, 131ackheatb, London, 8.8.

QTBRILB MANRIAIaH.—Its causes and curative treat 0 ment. By a late Fedor BhpWin to a Hospital fc,r Women. A new edition just published Post tree 3s. 9d.—Smat.i.v.y & Co., LTD.. 33. Eiracssehurch, st. tendon.

N‘THOOPING COUGH cured at last by " Whoopine," a physician's remedy need by hirn la his practice for the lest 5 years with unfailing success, quick, safe and Certain. Post tree li. 10c1. from CAP% Chemist, Normanton.

ur°ODIN IT HBALING SAI.VH will beat all kinds of , sores and wounds ; no matter what their nature ; has not yet been known to fail in any ease. Pries 64. box (P.O) of GOODING, 14, Llcline st., f3bepberd'a Bush, London, W. Postage Id. extra.

STRIKING POSTERS "EXAMINER 7 OFFICE.

'

===== 0002601_19081121_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. - '

===== 0002601_19081121_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19081121_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALUS Patent SELF-RAISING FLOUR vu. The Examiner Satur4ay, November 21, 1908

Ig

,

Insist upon

===== 0002601_19081121_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
VAN H I UTEN'S

The Best Cocoa.

scarcely be considered healthy wear. In the first place such a wrap is far too heating to the throat,and with the modish open coat it leaven the chest expoted. Tal en altogeti er cur flits this winter are not a success—from a health point of view, very many of the fashionable wraps covering parts that do not require to be covered, and leaving exposed others that should he protected. In fact they seem to have been built with th view of proving ornamental only. INIADOH.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

RATS, FLEAS, AND PLAGUE.

Investigations of the- plague in India con firm the idea that it may pass from the rat to man through the flea and other blood-sucking parasites. It has bcen proved that the rat flea (Pules clieol)i4) will attack man even when plenty of rats are present. If it has previously bitten an infected rat it may con- vey the plague to its human boat. In connec- tion with this spread of plague from the rat to man it is interesting to note that Homer, in describing the plague sent by Apollo on the Greeks, mattes it begin with the mules and dogs (Iliad I. 50).

===== 0002601_19081121_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRICITY AND HORTICULTURE.

At Long Island, in the United States, an in- teresting experiznent he been attempted in introducing electriclty into horticulture. A Mrs. Davidoff, who has ,just • put this new method of culture to the test; says that her experiments have been made under frames or bell-glasses. She asserts that the flowers which she has obtained were very large, the perfumes very intense, and • the colour meal beautiful, far more so than in the Core of plants grown under glasd in ordinary condi- tions. A simple battery is all that she found tie ces6ary.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SNOW AS MANURE.

In some parts of America the ides that snow is a manure has been widely accepted. The subject has been put to the test of scien- tific experiment in Ottawa, Canada, and the result she3vs that •there are only slight. grounds for the belief. It was found snow contains nitrogen in the form of free • ammonia, albuminoid ammonia, nitrates, and nitrites. The total, however, is ''-only '471, rather less than one-half, in a million. This was the average of twelve determinations, and means about lib. per acre from an average winter snowfall.

MAGNETIC TEMPERATURE GAUGE. An interesting little device, based on the discovery that every kind of carbon steel be- comes non-magnetic at the temperature proper for the operation of hardening, con- sists of a permanent horseshoe magnet, which is made to hold in the hand, with its two poles prolonged by rods of a spe- cial metal, which retains its magnetism above the hardening temperature of steel. The piece of steel to be hardened is placed en these prolonged poles and thrust into the blowpipe flame. As soon as the critical tem- perature is reached it loses its magnetism and drops into a vessel of brine placed to receive it. The device is only applicable for temper- ing small tools.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
MEASURING MOONLIGrT.

A hovel means of measuring moonlight is furnished by the selenium cell, through its well-known 'variations of electric resistance in light of different intensity. By this method the light of the full moon has been lately de- termined to be a little more than, onc-Elth of a standard candle-power, and about nine times the light of the half-ruocn. The gibbous (the shape of the moon between the full and the half) disc proves to be the brighter before than, after full mcon. The selenium cell is not perfectly reliable as a test for light of vat7hiff colour, but it lies been found suffici- ently auuraia find fi3nsitive to indicate the central phase of . a lunar eclipse within one minute of the computed time.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
"MAGIC" GLASS.

A curious invention ia what' is callad pleti- nised glass. A piece of glass is coat=4 rith ! an exceedingly thin 11::: fg. :liquid charged with platimun, -tad then raised to a rod heat. The platinum becomes united to the glass in such a way as to form an odd kind of mirror. The glass has .not really lost its transparency, and yet if one places it against a wail and looks 1. at it he sees his image as in an ordinary look- 1 ing-glass. But rdien light iO allowed to come I through the glruss from the other side, as -Allan I it i placed in a windoly, it appears perfectly j transparent like 4rdinary glass. By ! con- j structing a window of platinised glass, one I could stand close behind the. panes in an un- illuMined room and behold clearly everything' going on outside, and pass_e_rs,-- by looking at the window would behold ohlv a fine mirror I or set of mirrors, in which. their o7:a figures LIEIVZI _ha rafiecteiL - -/ remained invisible. In France various tricks have been contrived with the aid of this I glass. In one a person, seeing what appears to be an ordinary Mirror, approaches,' it to gaze upon himselt. A sudd-ea change in the mechanism sends light through the glass from the back, whereupon it instantly,-becomes transparent, _and, the. startled- spectator finds himself confronted by some-- grotesque fiVre that had been hidden behind the magic glass.

"MOLECULAR MOTION" MADE VISIBLE. Very ilna particles suspendA in a _liquid perform csoillatory movement e which were first observed by the English botanist Brown, and are known as Brown's molecular motion. The phenomenon, which. ha.d been observed only with microscopes of hig,h power, Ls very conspietiona in the milky sap of the Euphor- bia, which holds in 6u3pension very fine &lobules of reein . and csoutchouc. Ae the diameter of the largeat of three globules does rot exceed 1/50,000 inch, while the diameter of the,,i,sralllest . obirct that can .be

old pe*ple who suffer tism,sfiff joini-s,goalumbago. ,scicnica and paralysi3 lite 3 AA111: • ' ' •

relief. R pene.trcaes ,erves and hssues,reileves the on and. congesi-ion , quickens -Ives a pleasant lingling omfort and warmth.

AI- all Chemisl-s Prlce VI WMOLE SALE DEPOT 31-32 SNOW HILL- LONDON E.C.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
In -ale Iljl iite eye la awe& 1/2,000 inch, no hope a observing the phe- nomenon with the naked eye was entertained; bit ProfcFsor Molisch, of Prague, has dis- covered' that the

MOTION MAY BE MU)! VISIBLE by a method of illumination similar to that which is employed with the iniercecoix,.. A drop—of the ,sap is placed, sril3 the Srientific A/wrier/a, on a glass slide which is held in a vertical or slightly-inclined. pcsition .before the eye, and observed by the transmitted light of a sunbeam which strikes 'the glass obliquely. When the limper .position has been found by trial the molecular motion sud- denly becomes visib:e as a rapid flickering and dancing of the globules, which are tinged with beautiful colouis due to diffraction. The brilliancy and distinctness of the picture are increased by placing .a blivk background a couple of inches behind the glass. The ;risi- bility of the phenomenon under these ce-,li- tions is probably due to the enlargement, by diffraetion, of the retinal itartg,:a or the globules. Bacteria, which are -in general lunch larger than the. Baphorbia have been seen wit i the naked eye by. Pro- fessor Molisch in the same manner.

THE MILKY WAY.

The place occupied by the Milky Way in the theory of ths universe is continually in- creasing in importance. ThiS • vast belt of Stars is now regarded, not as a cluster com- parable with thousands of other clusters, but rather as the frame or skeleton of the entire stellar universe. Additional support for this view is derived, says the Srientilic American, from H. H. Turner's comparatire study oi variable stars or long period. Our sun is, to some extent, a variable stAr. The variations in its luminosity :Complete their cycle in a period of about cloven years during which the number of sun spots gradually increases from zero to a maximum and then decreases until the solar e.isc is ngain entirely spotle,s3. The solar activity is

MANIT'ESTED PrAtIODICALLT by the -spots and also by the intensely lumi- Polls • faculto which appear near the poles of the sun, mote toward the e-Jiator, and there vanish. It is 'evilent that the curve hich re- presents the Apparent triable luminosity of the sun will vary according to the position of the observer with reapect to" the solar axis, owing to the effects of perspective and ab- sorption by the solar atmosphere upon the ap- parent brightness of the equatorial faculea. Several astronomers have expressed tlio opinion that the

FLUCTUATIONS OF VATZTABLE STAIN (with the exception of stars of the Algol typo, in which the. variations are due to eclipses by a dark s!%tellite)•are similar in character to those of the sun, though vary different in de- gree. Turner, working •on this hypothesis, has examined the curves of variation of. A number of variable stars. He finds that some of these stars appear to pres3nt their poles, others their equators, Le the earth. hut .that ..__...

Ito star 3

tlated near

the poles of the -I,iii!zy Vey.. T;le natural in- ference- is Olt r.Action of all

these variA')!.• strlrs Lie plaae of t 1•24 Milky Way.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOU.S TWINS. Their remarkable cure by VENC'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

51/s. Gfintrey, 7, The Gfis Worbs, Littlebarnpton, writes :—" My two babies 7 tains just one year old,have lately teen quite cnred ofta stubborn whooping cough by Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. They suffered six months, and they also had bronchitis, and were very sick end unable to take much nourishment. My doctor did them no good, and I tried many advertised remedies to no effect. but after the first three dcses of lieno's Lightning Cough Cure I noticed an improvement, and now they are quite cured." Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the meat reliable remedy for noughts and colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, children's coughs, end all chest and lung troubles. Price Od., ls. lid., and 2.9. Od. of all chemists

• NEW LIFE-BQAT FOR ST. ANNES. The lloyai National Life-boat Institution has sent to 'St. Annes-on-the-Sen a new life boat to replace the smaller of the two life boats stationed there by the Institution many years ago. The new life-boat, which was built by the Thames Ironworks Company, is of the Liverpool tyre, 39ft. long by 9ft. broad ; she rows 12 oars, and is fitted with 2 water ballast tanks and 2 drop , keels. A new transporting carriage, the wheels of livhich are fitted with Tipping's Plateways, bus been supplied for nee with the new life-bont, together with a ' set of pushing poles, in order that the boat may be transported as rapidly as possible to the new launching ; place provided by the Institution at considerable I expense. The new life-boat is named the "James ISceriett," as desired by the late Mr. Imes carlett, of Bowdon, Cheshire, mho generously bequeathed a sum of , 11110ney to tbs Institution for a li le-hcat to bear this name to be stationed on the coast of ;Lancnshire. The , Committee of Management are much indebted to the ILocal Committee, and to Mr. Thomas Bradley, the Honorary Secretary, for their valuable co-operation in the management of the two life-boats at St. Annes-on- i the-Sen. The Royal National Life-Pont Institution has ' new 279 life-boats under its management, and not a winter passes without some of these boats rendering good service in saving life from shipwreck. 'ContriErr- tines in aid of the Institution will be gladly received by all the Bankers in the United Kingdom, by the several local Honorary Secretaries, and by Charles Dibdin. Esq., the Secretnry of the Institution, 22, I Charing Cross-road, London.

MEDICAL INSPECTION OF SCHOOLS. CHESHIRE'S HEAVY EXPENDITURE.

At a meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee, at Crewe, on Monday. a communication was read from the Beard of Education on the medical inspection of echocl children. The committee directed a reply expressing regret that the Board was still unable to indicate what financial assistance was to be given from imperial taxation towards the heavy expenditure which must he incurred if medial inspection of children is to be as effective NS it ought to he.

it'

• , ;

===== 0002601_19081121_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Are Votes Worth Having ?—Many p( °plc o ho °pp se wornans suffrage say, that women once given the vote would take no interest in the exercise of it. It is even I said that those women who lead the hysterical pro-' pfiganda of the day, and sacrifice peace and happiness for the prospect of a vote, would he found among the abstainers. That might be the case because it is n common human failing to want most those things we cannot get, and once attained they often cease to attract. But experience in the Colonies does not bear out the contention that if women were given the franchise they would care nothing about it. In Australia, all British women who have resided six months in the country have the vrte for the Common- wealth Parliament, and in the 1006 election about 41 women and 56 men recorded their votes out of every possible 100 electors respectively. In the voting for the separate State Parliaments, the difference in the proportion of voters is much less, so that it cannot be said that women regard the vote as useless, and in some of the Anstralian States, women have had the vote for the past tael ve or fourteen years so that it is far from being a novelty. Tie Queen's Gift Book.—" Qceen Alexandra's Christmas Gift Book: Photographs from my Camera" is full of pictures of human interest, and many give us the note of Boyd family life and amusements. "My two grandson's wading ' illustrates the way Iler Majesty has given a Lrief description to each picture, end there are snapshots of landscapes, sporting groups, navel and military subiects, scenes and ceremonies of various descriptions taken in the Highlands, in Norway, Denmark, the Mediterranean, and elsewhere. It is a took of 130 paces, well bound in a dainty cover of white canvas, and is sold for half-a-crown for the benefit of hospitals and other charities in which Her Majesty is interested. The sale has been so large that it is said to have adversely affected the demand for the ordinary kind of Christmas gift books, but in view of the fact that the profits go to relieve suffering ard winter dis- tress, it is to be hoped that the public will not allow the interests of authors, artists aril publishers to suffer

to any great extent on this account. Royal Snapsbotters.—The publication of a selection of Queen Alexandra's photographs, is not the first time , her Majesty has allowed the public to judge of her 1 proficiency in the handling of the camera. Some time ' ago,a leading photographic company gave an exhibition of a series ef enlargements of original negatives of Royal photographers, end among them were some twenty-form charming studies contribnted by the Queen. Her Majesty'm camera pictures invariably dis- play great artistic taste in view-finding, and in these exhibits as also in the selectinn of pictures in the Queen's "Christmas Gift Book " there are evidences of real photographic skill. Her Majesty's enthusiasm for the camera is shared by several other members of the Royal Family and particularly by Princess Victoria, and Princess Henry of Battenberg. King Edward is not a devotee cf the camera,. hit his Majesty has none of the dislike with which Royalty used to view ; " anapshotting " when it first became popular. The i intrusion of the " snapshotter " was not altogether welcome. but opinions have so far changed that TIOR here is the camera more a source of delight than in the ltoaal palaces. The Deserted Drawing-Room.—With both middle- . class and wealthy people, the somewhat frigid drawing- mom seems to he going out of favonr. Originally "with-drawing " room was the name and function of this apartment. and modern social customs are inclined to rebel against its traditions. Many of the leading hotels, not only in London end elsewhere, have magnifi- cent drawing-rooms, but, as n rule they are- deserted apartments. The man avoid them because they cannot smoke there, and the women find them dull. Both seek the more lively associations of the lounge, where there is smoking and music, and there is the same tendency to improvise a sort of half-way meeting place between dining and drawing-rooms in nrivatehouses. Whenever one enters a drawing-room that has been unreformed since the mid Victorian era, one almost eapects to meet unpleasant people who will sneer, " rut on airs," and take a delight in hurting one feelings. There is a depressing atmosphere about the room, which most people naturally have an inclination to avoid. Social Amenities.—As compared with the mid- I Victorian era, we have improved in vast number of ways. erineation; in manners, in dress, and all spheres of physical and mental culture we have iraprcved, but whether we are more sociable, with these other advantages, is r. matter for doubt. Colonial visitors invariably compinie that as a people we are I afflicted with the spirit of aloofnese. That, it it to be feared, is true. Tt is a national characteristic, and is responsible for ranch of the social isolation in lahich so many pass their lives. Mrs. kis painfully select, and easily offended ; Mrs. B it aggressive, and always find- ing !atilt; Mr, C is shallow and insincere; and Mrs D is polite becsoge the Lopos to gain by it. There are j many phases of middle-class snobbery, but most of I them have their origin in the broad-minded fact that 11 Mrs. Half-a-Crown will not know Mrs!. Eighteerpence, , And hence there is dignity and dullness on both sides., That is vs true now as eocr it was, mid filc'r,. are few I, 'more acceptable kindnessea than to pay little attentions to people who, being poor, are usually ignored in Soeietv. " Doily Reforming Herself."—As Mr. IT. A. Jones', new play is much concerned with " Dolly " attempting and failing—very much failing—to cut down terrific dress hills, that drive her husband distracted, we shall i net be simnrised to find some particularly delightful ; toilettes at the Haymarket Theatre. Indeed, both Miss label Trying (" folly ") and Miss Mi. rgaret Halstar, give lot the best in the world of fashion, at the moment. A distinctly novel note too is struck by " Dolly " in the last act, when she appears in a abort, dark plaid skirt, the cut and arrangement of which promises to fill • es with admiration. The broad pattern—carried out, in dark blue, green end Mack, runs horizontally back • and front, end on the cross at the pleated sides, end so 11-1111derfully in t hie joblaa lA,. vcawhite, ons of the most graceful and becoming plaid garments ever devised. Forthcoming Bargains —The idea of running a tiny : pleating. rrichine, Cr even a row of hilltops down the back of the tightly-fitting sleeve, is not proving a snccess. Unless one is very tall, and very very slender, the notion makes for a broadness which is not I beam-nine, and the hest dressmakers are now relying upon a more fully gathered or pleated sleeve when ; desirable, rather than outside ornamentation. And all • this should bring well before the mind of the skilful home worker, the fact that the January sale—not so I very far distant—are likely to afford a very successful 1 and I aptly br.r.ting ground. Vast numbers of blouses 1 and costumes now upon the market boast sleeves of the puff persuasion, and ;here promise to he affered in a few weeks' time at really bargain prices. It should Pot prove a difficult task, even to those possessed of ci ly the most, elementary knowledge of dressmaking, to I remove the sleeves, unpick them, and las them upon a cleaely-fitting pattern, and firally obtain fin up-to-date Llocse or bodice at considerably less than its apparent

Concerning Fur Wrap.—The long fur tie, worn round the neck, crossed behind, brought forward, and A llowed 10 hang stole-se to the knees, may Le artistic hut can

P 11) .i.• or i \/' e_....a.,.- --• from rheuma neuralgia Vi-' • 1t",./ t) .10r 44 • ". . ze- '4,, 7m:4144., -131-„,-. 7 11%b:-.:,,,,:g..4`.. 4. v• , j .....,13..a..04.400, , .„...,. AZ `4 ~...,. ...:.l'.!' '-::: '..1.--'1'.... '''''." . „...... _ ~. ::.2. , .‘ k qwes qulci?, -„....,...... .5.:?,,50- r 0 t ~ceatr„e e%. - r *)'4l.,- ' ' Vt.-.. 'ls, througn the n , ~,511,-.*!„---v*,,...< .0- ,-,,,1 -4.:„....,.., ~, _, i n unimal' I :. Dioud and g .1, • " • c -,.r.--4. ----,__---e \-,,,-,1- , f." senschon oi c •.,-,,,._.4,,.:.,..,, _.....„......... ~. ~. °V.:,---,.? .I•Pr ..-, -7 ',I! - , -: : '-• ' ,'' ' 1 lki 72 7, - 4' : % 1 c'-:"‘/ ••;". I • ...: : 1... 4 I.'„,"' 'ef 7 7, ' ",". . . •-!;r; 1,,,, •-, • 10 .. ' ‘'t- *0 4, . . . ..... Ar' or. 7,...5% ...i....3-,40. ,',...^.4.' •••• 1 .-..V.• •-i, :.........Aie.,a-V3-11k.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

THE EXAGGERATED WAT3TCOAT.

In coats the .vest or waistcoat 'remains the principal • note, says a Paris• cOrre- spondeut. llcre exaggeration is also creep- ing in, and instead of th 3 dainty little touch of brocaded silk we have encl.:mots ar- rangements which, in many Cases. touch on the grotesque. Think of a cutaway 'coat filled in with a 'vest of a different colour whic'a reaches nearly to. the knees, yet this is to be frequently seen. Enormously • . long o3trielt feathers trim the new - hats. They often fall over the shoulders at the back.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
A SMART WINTER HAT.

One of the features of the present season's fashions is the amount of fur used by the fashionable milliners on the majority of their smartest creations. • The betoming hat pic- tured in our sketch is one of these modish fur-trimmed chapeaux. The original, which came from a' very famous French house, was carried, out in plum coloured Ottoman -silk, the spreading, slightly upturned brim being

lined with satin of the same shade. All round the huge and rather low crown WM placed a big pointo-fox skin, WillCh Witß .so arranged that it made a complete circle 'with- out shewing a join anywhere. At the bottom of this skin was disposed a wreath of small silver roses of silk and velvet. .. Some of the petals of these 'roses were slightly frosted, whilst others were faintly shaded, the effect being indescribab:y pretty as well as unusu- ally smart and distingue.

THE COUNT,IISS OF BECTIVE. Lady Br..•etive isa very handsome, white- haired lady. with a touch of Marie Antoinette about her. She is. the mother of Lady Arthur .11ill, is musical, artistic,, literary, and- inter- ested, heart aud soul. in furthering the Irish indastries. About her, says the Bystander, ch 2 • has gathered mast interesting coterie, ond has done as much- to help. on the strug- gling poet, the eager but penniless 'philan- thropist, ite*Ct3,• and hcapitl nurse as any woman" of ler -day. Caring only to exist beautifully, Lady Bective evolved a happy idea for decorating a room so as to he perfect to the eye end comfortable to sit in on a summer's day. Imagine a room, then, with white walls, delicately traced, and as its sole ornament trees of bay set about in green tuts.

~ • ... --x, "••' qr.:4:-. -- _,4:-.--q••,- !-!.:,?1,----4 ,"*)'S',-1.,-:, ___: --4--=.•:‘44‘,4. ,1,,,v3 • - .„, •-t-,:z... —,,-;.---""10. .1,,,,Tii-S,. . • - 4-Ter„, --774--. .....*".. , or----- ' - -,,.5%.,---,i,-,. . ~ e, • ~,,..... , . , : -er '''-i ; I ,liiilP. , • --•.---- •ilk.j.i. . ,1 1 i

I

'tl,l

/

===== 0002601_19081121_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A MODISH COSTUME.

The subject of our sketch is a par- ticularly- attractivcf, and modish costume, suit- able for regular afternoon winter wear. This Costilrile h carried out iu fine smooth faced cloth, of fairly heavy weight, in a beautiful tone of smoke-grey: The coat is cut in close semi-fitting style, and has just the Merest sus- picion of a short-waisted effect at the back. From the neck turn back a notched collar ana revers of small size, faced with miroir velvet of exactly the same colour as the cloth. The coat fastens invisibly down the middle of the front, and is adorned on either side with three immense velvet-covered buttons .which are finished with a' worked buttonhole. A long seam runs from the bottom of the coatb, on either side to little above the level of the armhole, where it turns and rune right down the sleeve, the under-part of the sleeve being cut in One with the coat. Just a .little above the level of the Waist this seam develops into

L .;,.... •-•-•-z• 4.. 7 v, Afr:';'',../.., - \•., . . , •.• iny‘ A.,.. 4..,, :, •,••• ••,,, • •,,, •.• 0..,',' • i •••• - ' • ..!'*l. '4.l' ,---, p (i • -,,i A 4 ~;\'',•• \' •i'''' .. ~,,,,l\ •‘\ \ ,Y 4 -, , C \ \ \ 1 21 ,n • ' ;.,4\... ..".-, ,54. it\ •' '' - --4-...1.11...iffi 1; ,:- • -4:'..A4 ':1 ' ; ' I'v''. ''- • 1 L lii i. 1 . iiiii 111/111; , 't, I I ilillillillitb I I. 11111111[:.'1.*:.: I 1 ._. _. 1: ---,417--_-:_-: ....,..:.;,, \ t . 11 11 qii-

===== 0002601_19081121_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL IZIGHTS REsEnvirm.l BROKEN OFF.

Dv G I 3 BURGIN Auth:tir of "The J.11,1;:,7e ,of the Four Ctrnera,"

" Totnalyti's Quest," &c.

Cranby Vane sat by his window, looking out at the children .playing in the gardens of Gray's Inn. The imps of the gutter were sprawling .on the grass, running races round the historic tree beneath which Bacon is supposed to have sat, and doing their best to elude the vigilance of the grey-haired beadle, who, watch in hand, waited for the clock of the Holborn Town Hall to knell out the hour which doomed the children to return to their native slums. Vane did not distinguish any particular child in the heap; they seemed a confused, happy, rolling, dirty mass of bodies, legs, and arms, all inextricably mixed up on the green grass, whilst the Gray's Inn rooks, froth the tops of the trees, cawed solemn disapproval of this indeeorous scene. Ho was frying to get away from the effect of a let- ter which he held in his hand—a letter which caused him to bite his long moustache and wish there were no women in the world.

He flnn; the litter on the ground in a crumpled heap; then picked it up and read it again. It was a ,curicus document, and one cal- culated to cause uneasiness'—to any man who had once loved a girl as well as Vane had loved Ewcretta Gilchrist. This was the letter: "St. Helan's Place, City, E.G. sth Juno, 18i36.

"Dew Sir,— ofrmelt ats Miss Elrcretta Gilchrist.

"We take pleasure in informing you that we have today -received a ndtification from Messrs. Gilbart and Robbins. Miss Gilchrist's solicitors, that they will attend to-morrow at one o'clock at our offices for the purpose of exchanging pre- sents (as per schedule herewith); which have passed between you and Miss Gilchrist. Kindly inform us per bearer whether list is in order, and if you are prepared to keep appointment. If so, please bring presents (as per list), when our Mr. fiumphry will exchange same and complete mat- ter: We presume that you will also bring with you all letters whkh you have received from Miss Gilchrist, although these are not specified in the iLlicdule, and are, dear sir, yours faithfully, HUMPHRY AND CRANE.

—you: portrait is not included in the articlee which Mr.. Gilbert has brought back," said Mr. Humitry. "Oi, it is an oversight. Doesn't matter in the 3F3ast," said Vane, inwardly deciding that Ewerett& had torn it up or put it on the fire. One of Eweretta's greatest charms was that she seldom did things by halves, and always acted on the impulse of the moment. In all prob- ability she had nqt asked for the return of her own portrait because she had destroyed his. "1 think—eh," saki Mr. Humphry, with his back towards the empty fireplace—" that we have now—eh---come to the end of this—eh—dis- tressing matter, Mr. Gilbert. It is understood that the rescinding of this engagement—eh—is a mutual act of the contracting parties—in short, that the engagement is broken off." "Of course, of course," said Mr. Gilbert, !cooking rather helplessly at his somewhat mis- cellaneous collection of articles. "Each side pays its own costs. It is understood that Mr. Vane destroys all Miss Gilchrist' s letters,And she is to burn his. Perhaps" your "clerk will call me a cab. Good-day Mr. Vane. Good-day, my dear sir. Good-day." And he bustled out, dressing- bag in-land. After he had gone, ,Mr. Humphry steadily boked out of the window. "You do not wish me to make any overtures to the other side?" he asked. "I was hoping that we should hear no more of the business."

"That is -a-,--qtie's-tiOn-lor the lady to decide," said Vane, stiffly. The breaking off of the en- gagement was done by her mother and herself on some trivial pretext. Thank you for acting as you have done. Do you think your ckrk , could sell me an old bag? '- '1 ean lend you one myself." Mr. Humphry thought that young men had been a little less callous and cold-blooded in his time. •

"Thanks,. no. I want one to keep. That will do, Punton. Here's half-a-sovereign for you." Vans hastily shovelled his presents to Miss Gilchrist into the bag, shut it with a snap, and went home. That evening he strolled with apparent aimlessness down to the Thames Em. bankment and looked cautiously around. There was no one about.

"Confound the presents " he said, and dropped them into the river. Then he flung the bag after them and walked away.

A few evenings later Bobbie Gilchrist, more sandy-haired and sunburnt than ever, walked into Vane's rooms. "Well, I must say you do look jolly miserable," was his abrupt „salutation, at he "Crinby Vane, Esq., 44 9, Verulani Buildings, Gray's Inn, W.C. flung himself into an armchair, and ' proceeded to fill a'short briar-root pipe, which he took from Vane ramped up and down his rooms,, schedule behind a jar on the mantelpiece. , in hand, looking for the things mentioned there- Vane watched him in 'i amazement. Bobbie in. "How the deuce am I to find where they continued to fill the pipe, looked round for a all are!" he groaned, stopping' opposite tho pore match, lit it, and puffed•away in his customary trait of a remarkably handsome girl, whose nonchalant manner. "You don't seem particu- slightly Cu. .j upper hp disclosed pearly white larly pleased to see me, Vane." teeth. She scemed to be smiling at his discern- "I'm not," growled Vane. "I think, can- fiture; but tisere was a sad look in her eyes, as eidering the circumstances, you might have had if she too were not particularly happy. the common decency to keep away from, hero." " Wonder whether this is in the list?" said "Sit down, and -don't growl like a bear with a Vane, stopping again before the portrait, after sore head. Being the brother of one of the another turn up and down alio room. "No. parties interested in this jackass quarrel, I'm si:e's forgotten it. What shall I do with the iere to see after things." thing? Bern it? Smash it? Better smith it, "well, the things halm gone back," said perhaps. The poker's handy." Ho took the portrait. down from the wall, „ Vane; attempting to sneer, and failing dismally. turned over on the rug the face of the girl he rezactly, y son. " } in Bobbie toyed with a had loved, and seized the steel poker. Then he soda-water syphon. "D 'you happen to remem- let the poker drop harmlessly into the copper be hat th mater has a dance on to.nignt? coal-scuttle, picked up the portrait wiped the e ile. I'd forgotten. h .te Is it to celebrate the dust off the glass, and hung it on the wall again, breaking off of our engagement?" "No; I'm not cad enouklesfor that, even though "It hadn't occurred to me, in that light. Of we have separated," he muttered. "If she has .course, if you two choose to make fools of your- smashed my life, it's no reason why. I should de. selves when you love each other, it can't be stroY her lovPy face. It shall hang there to re,' helped. ' But this dance has been fixed for some mind me o'f the heaven I've lost. How the dickens time, and couldn't be put off. Now, there will the quarrel began I don't quite know. We should be endless comment if you don't come. 'We can't have made it up all right if it hadn't been for the afford to give more than one good dance a year, relatives. And now it has come to thisl" and I don't want it spoilt. In the days when He turned again to the list. "Where's that you looked less like a wild Indian than you do binning-flask? She put her own lips to it , before now, you .professed to be grateful to me. Now's she gave it me. .Jimuly ,Etlynn's got it." He the time, to test your gratitude. If you won't rang the bell. "Mrs. Pegwyn, run over to Mr. come for my sister a sake, you must for mince. Erlynn's and ask him for my flask." The fact that the engagement is broken off can Mrs. Pegwyn departed in search of the flask, leak out gradually in a day or two." and Vane turned to his list. " 'Gladstone bag'? ."'Tisn't very pleasant for me," objected Oh, yes; here it is. 'Gold-mounted razors.' Vane, yet inwardly jumping at the chance of They're in the bag. I'd like to cut my throat again seeing Eweretta. with them instead of my chin. 'Small table for "Or for my sister either," said Bob quietly. holding smoking materials.' How pretty she "I suppose, as a matter of fact, that it was the locked that day when she gave it to me and said meter who helped to mix up things. She has the that she had no feminine prejudices against best intentions in the world, but she can smoke. Life seems to be all emolso now. I'd' added Mrs. Gilehrist'e undutiful son, with a sym- •have to tuck the table under ma, arm, I suppose, pathetic grin. Nice fool I shall look, going down to the City "That reminds me. Won't you do the same with a cab. fillod with smoking-tablee and things! yourself?" - People will think I've been to a Dutch auction." "Same what?" Still grumbling, the rising yeung barrister "Mix. You'll find the materials on the corner laboiiorifsly worked his wayhtlirmigh the list, and table there." went to bed thoroughly miserable and tired .out. Bobbie "mixed." What was the good of getting engaged and be- "Oh, well, I'll dress and go back with you," coming fond of a girl only to find everything said Vane, with set lips. "Vetere done me end in this dismal sort of way? He could not many a good turn, and I don't want to seem discover any precedents for it in his somewhat churlish; but you couldn't have askod me to do limited personal_experience. "If the girl hadn't ' a more difficult thing." been co ohetinate—l" But it was no good' "I know that well enough. Never mind about thinking of that. After all, he was very corn- dressing now. You're one of the methodical fortable in chambers, and— beggars who always keep a dressing-bag packed. What was that low, blood-curdling wail which Come along with me, and we'll get in la.Y the broke upon his ears, and. neade him think of, ban- back, dress comfortably, and mingle with the shese and deatlowatches, and all sorts of un- giddy throng. You needn't be ecen much with comfortable things? ' . . tweretta. She'll be busy helping the meter, and, He rushed out on the landing and threw his people will think it all right. Come on. I've' slippers at a cat which was keening there for the kept my hansom waiting, and the fare mounts loss of superfluous kittens, deposited in a pail of up, yqu know." water, by Mrs. Pegwyn that afternoon: the Before Vane quite realised what had hap- bereaved parent sat by the pail containing the pened, he found himself being whirled away. lifeleie bodies 'of her offspring, and mourned and And he had vowed never to see Eweretta again. mourned and mourned. Even the slippers could "We'll sneak quietly in by the side door," not make her move on. She wae too dejected to said Bobbie. "They're putting down the strip of resent her ,master.s conduct, and continued. red carpet on the pavement now, and won't breaking night's holy calm with distressful wails. notice us. I'll take you to a room where you Filled with remorse, Vane went to the pantry can dress, and fetch you when , I'm ready. and brought her a couple of sausages. Hunger Where's the bag? I'll take it. Come along." stifled maternal longing; the cat swallowed lie paid the cabman, and the, entered the them with avidity. Then she returned to the house by the side deer. pail and refused to be comforted. "Just stop in this room a moment while I " Wi,:h I could cot," thought Vane. "I've lest fetch a light, said Bobbie, as they reached the everything. Mrs. Pegwyn, murderous old ghoul top of the secood flight of stairs. "Don't move.". that Ehe is, might have left the poor brute one kitten. Perhape another whisky-and-soda will IV. brighten me up a little. Pshaw ! .What's the As the door clicked behind Robbie, the soft geed of that! I wieh I could hurl slippers at that glow of eist electric light suddenly . filled the confounded mon! It shines just as it did that room. "Come back, Bobbie," mod Vane. night when—"' " What's the meaning of this? We'ro in the He went savagely to bed, pulled the clothes wron-,-; room." il. 'over his head, and the cat continued to wail an fie rushed to the door, but it was locked. Did accompaniment to his thoughts: as the full Moon Bobbie mean to ,kidnap him, starve him to rode high in the heavens, and silvered the death, and burn his body with nitric acid? Of branchee of the reat plane trees in the garden. emerge not! It was absord. He would break Love's young- dream was . over, and the moon every bone in Master Bobbie's body when he knew it; but she sailed Serenely up the sky, caught him again. What did it all mean?" flooding' the would with light. If two lovers i Vane soon found Out what it all meant. He Nver., unhappy, were there not millions of happy was in a lady's boudoir, filled with dainty ferni- men and maids .whe loved and were be- nine belongings and upholstered in pale blue loved . again? her white rays shone through and silver. But there seemed a lack of con- the etaircaso window on the bereaved 'parent gruity about some of the ornaments. Where watching by the pail, " Miauou 1 .miatiou I " there should have been a writing-desk etood the sounded' a gallant mi. e from the lancing below. little smoking-table which Ewerotta had given Tho bereaved parent gently waved her tail. him. A hart-smoked cigar (he • remembered licked the rough spots where the water had wetted her, hesitated. cast one fixed look at the having left it in the ash-tray) mutely appealed to him for a docent burial. The missing portrait pail, and bounded forth beneath the merry of himself looked happily down upon t'ne miser- two rounded tebs, each of which is orna- moon. And Vane, marvelling at the Mutability of • grief, fell into a troubled sleep. able original from an antique silver frame. On ' a bracket beside it was a little vase holding his mooted by a velvet button: The shoulder- piece projecte slieephtly over the top of the 11. : favourite carnations. His hunting-fiesle ley on the ! mantelpiece side' by side with the gold-inciunted sleeve, the sleeve being gathered the least bit, "Mr. lamplery in, sir? Yee, air. Step this 'razors. Sortie books h., had given liweretta were and set in under..it. The skirt is perfectly way, please, sir, said the office boy, as Vanb plain, very long all round, and slightly trained appeared next day. with the dressing-bag in one on 'a little shelf by themselves. In one corner stood a trout rod, and in another a complete set at the back. It is, of course, cut with a hand and the smoking-table under his arm,. He of golf clubs. If she did not love him any more, sheath effect. With this costume is worn a was dressed neatly in black, and the office boy why did Eweretta make a little shrill° of all her , hat of emerald velvet, trimmed with a pointed spoke 'in a subdued way, as if conscious boy an fox - skin and the elegance of the toilet is impending funeral. Vane thought the gifts to him? This, then, was the reason she had 1 a sent such a careful list. He 'Wes glad now that 1 chivalroue fellow, as he gave him half-a-crown completes,' by a big granny muff of pointed fog. he had not destroyed her-portrait. . , GRECIAN MODE OF lIAIRDRE3SINa. for carrying up a set of golf-clubs., : 9 ' I Tll2 1301171 d of feminine TOiCOS in the next room . " How do you do, my de-ar sm. said Mr. Feshione in heirdreeeing have been a Sub- Humphry, a cheerful-looking old man, est-htion wao e lactokened that ladies were near. How, should e he escape? How get Na,way without being per- ject of topical importance during the last few ding hisiobncstterr 1 nediltear 7raYnef: Pufston ceivecl? Perhaps the next zoom was Eweretta'e. Weeks, and it is now universally conceded, " (peoete the office bov) bring in those Suppose she made a pilgrimage to the shrine b ocnasw things of Mr. Vane's and place them neatly on foro she went do .-vri tg, tlic hiancsa 1 Suppose she the Grecian etylee will head the van this the table. Now I think everything is in order found him here! 'Sufi. ! . ai . ; writes Marjorie Hamilton in the 7'atler, that winter, followed followed elesely by the Botticelli. The and we are ready to begin. If you will it on ray The dons opened "1. hat will do. Parlser "he wornan with originality will, h V owever, modify right hand. Mr, ane, Mr. Gilbert will take the Ihe rcl Eweretta's voice, eeying " You can be hall . flu go these modes to- suit her own particetlar style. foot of the table. That's it. That's it. Now we t. 4.: other way." I s down in ve minutes." "Ewer t ' The word. Gnen, as o eci -has 'late been fre Can exchange at per schedule." , Vane q-aietly took his Befit at the place indi- `,`, You I Here!" The voices. rang out together. quently indiscriminately applied to any coif cited -was rather sh.abbily furnished, Yes ; I'm here. It isn't my fault. But rm full of du.t - fun where curls have been. introduced. In the 'eted- The . true Grecion style the hair is simply parted y volumes bound in calf, and two sides of it were lined with black iron boxes, glad I e„allic." on I Ewem.., turned pale. Vane .felt confused by were painted' in white - letters legends . ' in front and waved at either aide, immuner- which 'her magnificent bete*, the radiance of her ces- able curie being tirrneged at the back, where concerning h Sr:lik " "Doolittle'sitne, Executors," Executors , t the light of -r eyes, her gleaming white litis de rieueur that a long effect should be Trusts," 'Bunning v. Wilkins." Vane was re- ' shouldera and marble arms. . , s -en everything?' was all, that no need "lu the Bot.ticelli the hair isi also called from a perusal of the tames on the I "Iro'.'--.71.' °'ye " ' Ewoul falter; parted in, front -ond drawn simply back with boxes bye prolim.inary ccurgh from Mr. Huinphry. eretta " No; Ic d 've seen nothing you don't wish me to , only the merest .suspicion of a wave, the ar- " No. 1. Hunting flask," read Mr. Cilleart, as . rangernent of the corona plait beiug of the if running. through e schedule of furniture: head bent before her. "I don't want to say any- " Gold bracelet with emerald clasp " utmost importance. m , said Mr. ...cn ~. t r -inlayed 'te see you see," he said. his eyes turned to the ground, his in g excero—excep nn o‘e . ' Humplity, and lice articles were exchanged. TO-DAY'S RECIPE. "No. 2. Dressing-bagee again. I wasn't worthy. of you. I was an idiot , to take you at your word. I hoped you -wouldn't VEAL AND Hell PIE.—Veal end hero pie Gold hunting-watcl, with lovers' knot on let rue." " That will .do,' , , hastily. "Never ~ Ho, gee you ' said Vane . can be made with cooked Veal, the remains of get here?" • shoulder, fillet, or loin serving for ti purpeiee - "Bobbie. Scree trick.. I'm only trio glad. I'd :nicer caseet. well. Cut Inc Veal into - neat, sized .piaCee, and e 1 ' - have given anythieg to see yea again. Why de Gokl-mounted seent-bot—', mind the des-hells. , ~ "I think I , -°,l ' •1 e ti et; 'V u heen tl,ese thins:B" Cie in oar t with eome mikes of cold boiled or fried bacon, two herd-boiled eggs Vane got up with a eickly smile. wilieleave ego ow gentlemen to go through the 1 " I was. too roud to eay b 63 ewni e I rar Ilrli :Ot I-ee the orFginal, r left cut into slices, sprinkle with a little minced rest of the"liet. Send for me if lam wanted fc . so. ii., LIS COU C 1-1 1.. P Y .did e • T the portrait out of the list. on not return lemon-peel, pepper, emit, sweea herbs, and eny discrepancies." . mine." gentlemen bowed to mace; pour inewe little water. Melee a nice The two old him and con • It No; I tried to 'destroy it, but- hadn't' the abort cruet, line thee rim of the plendieh with 1 tinned. to exchange articles, whilst Vane walkesl , healt • The—the poker wculdn't tcuoh it." it, then cover . the' pie, Make a. hole in the : about the mitei. office. and wondered what .. Oh—h I The poker ! And pier gifts to me? 'I centre, and ornament it with etemped-out I Esveretta's. brother Bobbie would Fay when that "They're .at the bottom of the Mmes., I— leaves in the paste. Brueli over with the ! eandesihreired - yoehg,ster returned from a yacht- I wanted to go after them. Eweretta, I don't ! ines cruise to Ncr.vay. Bobbie . had been . his beate-sn white of egg, and hake in a moderate 1 , know . how I've lived threugh it. Will eou fig- st-t 0 ' N f - eh' •01l grea e, WM. i OW, 0 COUIoC, ...IS si..y quarre: „, ~,, oven' until brown. Make some very gooel Weuld end that also, cri" d'ut it was ell my fault." anavv with the, bones and trimmares of the Suddenly a sepulchral voice was heard througl " It's so like you to say so." veal, add a little gelatine or isinglaee, and a. seneakinee-tulse. . "And mamma is very seugy, too, and wishes when the pie domes 'out of the oven pour in ' " Me. Thessffiry PO V% •Vill von please step is' she hadn't rued off to her solicitors." the gravy through the hole in the top by emein?" same leunton, his MOUth glued CO a . t "I'll even fcrrgive her, if she hasn't told any- means of a funnel. May be eaten hot, but ia Mysterious pipe in the wall. one." beat coll. Vane went in again, and noticed that both old "No one but those horrid solicitors." sperstlemen looked a little confused. " )Cour--eb .‘ They are Erin tombs—discretion itself; .

===== 0002601_19081121_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19081121_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
they never remember anything when they're not wanted to." Eweretta swam nearer to him, and, regardless of her dainty costume, he crushed her to hia neart. Five minutes later, Bobbie quietir opened the door. He seemed disappointed tcc • find Vane alone.

--7`Ehi---W-his- he stammered. "When you've quite done with your foot tricks, perhaps you'll take me to dress," said, Vane, serenely, although his dancing eyes belied the coldness of his manner. "I'm engaged to Tour sister for the first dance—and for the rest if my life. I love her, Bobbie. I love her. No woman shall ever be SO happy. Whatever put tuch a plan into your head?" "She's been cry—" "Crying! For me! Oh, Bobbie, I'm a villain. - rm not worthy of her.. I'm—" . . .

"Don't train!) up and down and knock thinga, sbout, or they'll take you for burglars." "You're a Clever, wise fellow, Bobbie. I'll :fever call yoti a fool again. Never. Let's dre.s. Where's your room? What made you think of it,. Bobbie? What—?"

"I ain't read about old Macheyrand and Tana- relli and all those chaps for nothing," said Bobbie, with an air of modest self-satisfaction. "They say the days of diplomacy are dead. takes a man like me to work a thing like this. Come and get into your things. If you'll own, you're ashamed of yourself I'll tell you she's spent hours kneel—" "Hush, Bebbie I" He laid his fingers on the 3ther's lips. "Hush! That's between her own pre Foul and her Maker. Bobbie, Bobbie, what- *, wonderful world it is when there's a woman we lave in it! A won—l" - "Come and dress," said Bobbie. "Seems to roe, considering what fools most of us are, it's- much more wonderful when there's a woman in. •A who loves sts. Caine and dress."

ri=

===== 0002601_19081121_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
KEEP PEPS ALWAYS HANDY.

A Novel Cure for Throat and Chest Troubles.

To-day, when coughs and colds are so common, ic is absolutely necessary that a box of those uniquø. breathe-able tablets, l'eps, should always be kept handy if the set ions throat and chest troubles, such as bronchitis, pleuricy, pneumoni3, and even con- sumption, are to be avoided. You cannot treat a cold too soon, and experience proves that the Peps way is the perfectly natural,safe, and certain way of curing a cold and brushing aside its usual complications. * * * Don't go out in bad weather withoutea few silverjacketted Peps in y( ur pocket. Always have theca handy when an attack of sneezing gives warning of a fresh cold. Keep Peps also handy for the children, for the youngsters who take Peps, easily shake off the bronchial colds caught at paities and in draught.? class-rooms.

Parente who want their children to grow up strong - lunged and deep chested can have no more vrduablo aid than Peps. •* * *

Keep Peps handy for the old folks, and that worry- ing cough that spoils your rest will speedily be cured - Keep Peps handy, too; by the bedside, for if you stiffer from bronchitis, bronchial asthma, night coughs, or that deep-seated morning cough, which suggests serious lung mischief, a few Peps will afford ready relief. OLe or two tablets morning, mid-day and night will ensure a safe and speedy cure. a a 0 0

The superior value of Peps is due to two out- standing features in this medicine. First, they ar,e the response of science to the universal and long-felt need for a cough medicine to treat direct the sourcea of disease situated .in the throat and lungs. As i° well-known no liquid can enter the lungs, but DIOS' pass at once down the gullet and into the stomach, and, there is no passage whatever between the stomach au°, the breathing organs in the chest. Hence ETD° ' cough mixtures and the solution of cheap lozenges are no good in seeking a cure for throat and chest troubles. Peps, on the contrary, give off certain rare medicinal fumes, which are carried with the breath over the 11 membranes of tt throat and into the furthest recesses of the lungs. reness is thus quickly soothed, inflammation is al ayed, phlegm loosened, and the cause of the cough, cold, or throat trouble uprooted. The second advantage of Peps is that they contain Do trace' of opium, chloral, morphia, laudanum, or Other of the nerve-depressing drugs which are futlV in common cough medicines. Peps are thus a sale medicine, as welt as. certain care, for the use of the aged and young children.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE TRAINING COLLEGE.

&flinty Committee's Proposal Carried By One Vote. At a meeting of the Lancashire Education Committee on Monday, cons'derahle discussion took place regard- ing a proposal that the committee should build with or without the co-operation of the other edecatiost authorities in the country, the training college for the accommodation of 153 female teachers. Mr. Kinch contended that no justification existed for such a building. There was an overplus of trhined

teachers. Mr. Bradbury pointed out that there were 19,01 supplementary teachers in the couutry, as com Pare,, with 6,CLO seven years ago, and consequently twine'

teaches were r male to iftwi situations. - • Archde con Fletcher urged that it would be batter t° turn away „young people now, when they had a chauo of finding another profession, than that they should allowed to continue their studies, only to find the chance of appointment was hopeless. The motion Wtl3 carried by 20 votes to 19.

PLAYING WITH FIRE. Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at St; Helens on Tuesday on Daniel Dillon, th 9 two year ola son of a miner. of .Napier-street, who died in the Providence Hospital on Thursday last from burns received the previous Sunday. The father said that 00 Sunday, the Bth, he was in charge of the house and the three children, aged six and two years, and the LI aged seven weeks. lie went upstairs for a paper, ao hearing a scream, ran down and found Daniel in flames' 110 was at once attended to. A piece‘of burning P3Per in the fender indicated that the little one had lighting it at the fire. There was no fire-guard. c" verdict''of "Accidental death "was returned.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ITCHING PILES Keep Thousands Awake, Make Life a Misery. You knew the torture of pile., Hard to bear, hard to get rid of,

Yearly drive you ruad, Can't find toilet.

But w.it a minute ; yes, you can.

It's a case of knowing 1.;Ow.

Knowing how means 7elieff It means get the right remedy, and the right rerne3r is D..)an's ointment, Skin diseasesoo,disppeisr Linle'. the soothing intrumce of Duan's ointment. Here is a case of it. "I suffered for two years with irritating piles," 53.11 Mrs. M. A. Yarwood, 119, Spring-street, Wigan, " some time ago I tried Doem's Ointment,which has quite_ cured-me. I found this preparation soothing with first application, and one pot of it cured me completelP I had suffered a great deal with this ailment ; and 1 'llll glad to be able to speak in favour of a remedy so go° as llnatt's Ointment. " For the sake of those who may suff,r as I dicl, are welcome to publish this. (Signed) M. A. Y.trt \voco:, Piles, eczema, and cther skin complaints are toral2nL, jog and distressing, they spoil the sleep, make 921` nervous and irritable. Doan's Ointment allays tu` irritation and inflammation of itching skin troubles"' eczema, piles, shingles, pimples, chilblains, etc. 113° first application gives relief, and a lasting, cure follon Doan's Ointment is two shillings and nine,pence (six pots thirteen shillings and ninepence.) Of ti" chemists and stores, or post free, on receipt of price, direct from Foster-McClellan On., 8. Wells-street' Oxforestreet, London, W. Be sure you get exactly the same kind of ointment th+t Mra. Yarwood hid.

*)) A'4!

===== 0002601_19081121_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Furness : You can prosecute by showing tie damage which is done. Members of the Council expressed sympathy with the farmers' complaint but it was pointed out that the Council had no authority to do anything. It was suggested that a memorial should be drawn up to bo signed by the various farmers of the district warning the harriers against any further damage,other- wise they would prosecute, and this should be sent to the secrotaries or various clubs;

Mr. .Fairclo4h and the Chairmen (who are both farmers) said they would adopt this course, as they were determined to pat down a practice which led to so much loss to the farmers of the district.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SCEPTICISM TURNED TO PRAISE.

WELL-KNOWN MANCHESTER MAN'S STRONG VOLUNTARY STATEMENT PRAISING DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS.

Mr. George Paterson, of 109, New Lane, Patricroft, Manchester, sends the strong state- ment published below, because he was so satisfied himself with the results of taking Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and he wanted to make them better known by adding his testimony. Mr._ Paterson writes :

"You are strangers to me and I to you; and a deep feeling of gratitude is the only excuse I can offer for presuming to send you these few lines. Fsor many years I have been a victim to disordered liver and its consequent afflictions, and nearly three years ago was induced to try Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, a medicine I can now conkientiously assert which in every way

accomplishes all thit yo.o claim for it. I must admit at first I was some-

what sceptical, being all my.. life abhorrent of

medicines and drugs of any description, but now

after a fair three years'

trial of Dr. Morse's Indian

Root Pills, I frankly admit that they kave

worked wonders on me,

and have, practically speaking, made quite a new man o. Without doubt they are honestly what you represent them to-be, and that is saying a very great deal in this advanced scientific 'age in which we live. So thoroughly satisfied am lof their astonishing success, I consider such a boon to suffering humanity should be made as well known as possible •, therefore you have my full liberty to make whatever use you may think fit of this letter. I may state that I still con- tinue taking two Pills every night before going to bed, and will do so as long as I can get them. . . . .

The above testimonial, tol'a in a siinple, con- scientious, matter-of-fact manner, bears the ring of truth. It is an unvarnished narrative of the wonderful efficacy of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills to overcome the common ailments of mankind. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills get at the cause of pain and sickness. They drive the impurities out of the blood. They give you clean bowels, a healthy stomach, a lively liver, active kidneys,, and pure blood, rich and red, imparting health and strength to the whole system. For all complaints arising from Impure Blood and a disordered state of the Stomach, Liver and Kidneys, these Pills are unexcelled. Sold by Chemists and Stores, price 1/11 per bottle, or The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 21, Parringdon Avenue, London, E.C.

( me,

===== 0002601_19081121_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 21, 1908.

THE" IiIiNGAROW " VISIT. DINNER AT 7THE LION HOTEL. Speech by Mr. A-7E Grosfield, M.P.

attention to Lusiness, perhaps also to the infusion of honesty in trade, for fair wages, for straight dealink new blood and to the intention, particularly mani- MAYOR'S SUNDAY. that love might conquer greed, that purity might fested that day, that they should work, each individual , triumph over lust, temperance over excess, right over man as bard as he could, and yet as one conglomerate I [ wrong, and, above all, that God might I a known and whole, desiring one end. He might tell their; OFFICIAL VISIT TO THE PARISH loved as lie ought to be, that His Kiegdom might Australian friends that as far as he could judge— ! spread over all the world. And so praying they were although he was somewhat inexperienced in those CHURCH. helping forward that Omens consummation, when they matters, his football dayahaving ended something over ; ! would ef-3 the Christ in every mar,' when the highest I forty yerrs ago—they-played a gallant and a fine --- rank op.en to men would be s- en to be fit opportunity After the match between Warrington and the ' game. They had been 'beater, but it was one of the of service; uhen indeed and in truth the kingdom ' Australians at Wilderspdol on Saturdatethe teams were great misfortunes of games that only one side could Rev. G. C. Briggs and Soda! Dnty. wolild come through the recognition of the universal entertained at dinner at the Lion Hotel. Alderman , win. (Laughter.) The visitors, however, had shown brotherhood of nem. Tinnion (president of the club) presided and was accom- , that they could tare a defeat smiling. With regard to I The collections for the dav, which were on beleilf of panied at the cross table by Mr. A. 11. Crosfleld, ALP., ' Mr. Giltinan's concluding remarks, they remembered In accordance with a time honoured custom, the the choir fund, amounted to A2l 14s, 68. 111 r. Robert Pierpoint, Alderman Evans, Councillor how, net long ago, the Australians came forward to newly-elected Mayor ( Alderman W. J. Forshaw) inau gu r- VISIT TO THE BLUE COAT SCHOOL. ated his year of office by attending divine service at Misses laFl,an.;sobrnews a, service at the Blue Coat School. There was a very large Fulton-emith, Mr. E. Draper,_ Mr. Gntinan (manager ' fight under the old flag and he was sure that if the the Parish Church on Sunday morning, accompanied by In the evening the Mayor attended unofficially, the of the Australian team), Mr. Henry Ashton (secretary ' necessity again arose,—though be hoped it would not— members of 'the C Aporation and prominent towns. Service which iechuled the Mayor a Alderman and Mrs Forshaw) and the of the Warrington club), Mr. T. Pembertou (treasurer), our brethren from Australia, New Zealand and all the people. There was a particularly large muster for the Alderman and Mrs. S. methirrst and the Misses Smethurst, and members of the committee. ( other colonies would, along with the men of the old procession which left the Town Hall at ten o'clock, ( several members of the Corporation, the T01..1 Clerk, The PRESIDENT in submitting the loyal toast referred country, march shoulder to shoulder and ride side by side under the old flag. (Applause.) , headed by the band of the 4th Battalion, Prince of the Deputy Testa Clerk, Mr. A. Niel and Mr. W. S. Wales' Volunteers (South Lencashire Regiment). A help itph fen Irewinargd's any yrgne blienanrtttehdanteswsanafandr the b readiness at toot' ' The visitors honoured the toast with great entb esteem, detachment of Territorials followed, under the corn- Burgess, and Mr. end Mrs. Rosa (headmaster and his people. singing" For they are jolly good fellows" and con- , mend of Lieutenant-Colonel .1. D. Fairclor,gb, and the ,headmistress of the school). The most striking feature of the service Those The toast was heartily honoured, eluding with a kind of war whoop. Service Corps Was in charge of Captain J. T. The PRESIDENT then proposed the toast of "The , Mr. 11. ASHTON (secretary), replied on behalf of the A.rull Proton. Succeeding them mune the local Corps of the that it was conducted St. ,inohn Ambulance Brigade, eithChief Superintendent entirely le part were P. A. Kendrick and Percy Morris (who read Australian Visitoreand offered a very hearty and sincere team. Their Colonial friends, he said, bad come to this v, children.. Those eho took a prominent , welcome to their friend's from the colony, who had ' country under circumstances which very few people Waring, the Berough Fire Brigade. with Superintendent prayers), .1 Appleton and Lucy Batty (who recited the , Turner, and a detachment of police, under the direetion 12 reason and the Gospel for the day respectively). The I come here to play the best English football—that 'unless they had been in close touch with football, could which was represented by tho Northern Union. The ' understand. They must give a certain amount of credit feature the Chief Constable (Mr. M. Nicholls). A new anthem "0 expressively God of Hosts: who is like unto Thee," ,yali , sang, the soloist being J. Wood (a boy) Warrington team had been delighted to meet them on and, admiration to the Australians for the manner in eature was theinclusion in the procession of a number and ilff.,fs. Smith (a girl). The subject for examination the football field. Before the match began one of the ' which they had played Lilco Northern Union game. of boys from the Blue Coat School accompanied by the buys and heynr." The questions were put by one of the visitors Mr. Cann, said he hoped the Australians would i Although they had met with a reverse that afternoon headmaster, Mr. Rose, and this was an evidence of the win. lie (Alderman Tinnion) replied : " I won't go he hoped they would go forward with success and that . ride which the Mayor feels in the institution where ;!'3-5 so far as that, but I will say that I hope the best team ! when they returned to Australia they would carry with P his early years were spent. Immediately preceding thethe answers were given most readily by the I will win." He thought the best team had won. ' them many pleasant recollections of their visit to this . Mayor walked the mace bearer (Sergeant Dean) and the children.sore'col'nhe hymns .were ' Hark, my soul it is the (Applause.) He was pleased to see that although ! country. Possibly the day might come when an English I : sword hearer (P.C. Leonard). His Worship, eearing rirr.gvievg their titles take" and "Lord 1 the Australians had been been beaten it did not team would be sent out to Australia and he was con- Lir robes and chain of office, had on his right the Town dismiss us 4.117 esslng." Mr. J. L. Millett was I in any way lessen the Warringtonians' respect for them. ' vinced that they would receive the same hospitalityat thee organ.- cunt (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) and on his left his chapiam (the Rev. G. C. Briggs, vicar of Christ Church THE MAYOR AND THE BLUE COAT SCHOOL I (Applause.) They welcomed the visitors with the ' and kind treatment that the Australinns had received in last The Mayor celebrated his election to his high office 1 same heartiness as they would have done had the England. Mr. Ashton concluded by moving a vote of . 1 Latchford). Next came the deputy Mayor (Alderman 1 CHILDREN. I Australians proved victorious. He thought the sport thanks to the President for presiding. Smethurst) who was accompanied by Mr. A. H. I Crosfield, M.P., and gr. Robert Pierpoint. The other School children at tea, end he had also °balled for lof football was one which brought out the sterling I Mr. W. WEBsTER seconded. Tie said !retied thornroeuwgla !qualities that went to make a man, and these inter- enjoyed the. game and be did not quite agree other members of the Corporation in the procession y even lg by entertaining the Blue Coat them a holiday for the whole of the day. In the I national games tended to knit more closely the Mother ' Alderman Tionion's remarks about the roughness of the were :—Aidermen Bennett Tinnion, Evans, Burton and if ' Ellison, and Couno.illors' A h oft Barton, litihlens, course of a brief aildrens to the children the Mayor bo r o r pl believedh. Country and the colonies—(hear, hear)—and so long as I game. The IVarrington men could play roughly they were played with that spirit of determination and necessary and it must he borne In mind that football .e more:thrust Chautler, Cun i steer D'.k ajtandaanthdekte should 1 yet with good feeling they must be a source of good. I was not like a game of skittles. They had to rough it Singleton, Skelland, Steel, Fulton-Smith, 0. Toole, one day be Mayor of his nativehatoole. Lash ford, 'Locker, IZlield,a faacao'ckl,a Wollnr'll,a7toh:errs, Stradt he said,w or7eceeesaa boyel IA the scimi• He hoped they would, pardon him for what he was about i occasionally. Wilkinon and Wilson. Councillor Craik, who is the (Applause.) He went out with the determination to to say, but he said it deliberately—that he thought that ( The vote was heartily accorded. Rector's warden, was on duty at the churob, but joined surmount all difficulties. He had always tried to do I the visitors might do with a little lees of the war song I In responding, Alderman TINNION said he was one of eneic.ession on the return to the Town Hall. what was right, and it had pleased God to prosper him ' —Messrs J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), A. T. and now he had risen to the highest position in in their play. The war whoop was very nice to start, oldest members of the club and anything- he could do *town clerk), T. H. Spinks (assistant Warrington, namely Mayor and Chief ifagistrate. with, but he thought they carried a little too much of ito promote its success and the advancement of sport in tinf!n.tv,iay. (deputy that spirit, which was too much like slaughter, into the general would be willingly done. He hoped his remarks ,atOfficials- sr..3woridc clerk), Jebel Fairhurst (borough treasurer), W. If. (Applause.) He was not a day boy, but a foundationer game. The match would not have suffered from a little; had not been misunderstood. He did not say tbe game '1 • of that being left eut,nnd bethought the appreciation of i was exceedingly rough but he gave a note of warning. clerk), .I (assistant l jfnigdin co (boroughilector),i. , stoooplrcpploa,retoirnnetth,cieubpahnodnipumlayainndg baritone.a t d different re pt Threetimes th e cociyassistant overseer and borough collector) living in the school like themselves. While here he their opponents and of the spectators would have been all ; There was some phrase in the visitors' war song about w ialefthe better. These games must cement the feeling of affec- I " Death," and that spirit seemed to be shown in one or F. T. tion between the Mother Country and the colonies.He was , two instances that day. fie thought if they tackled a (chiefl, sure the members of the Warrington Club hoped their man well and tumbled him over with a smile instead of esurveyor). James HoughtonA. er (deputy borough surveyor.) George F. F. White ' cheers were then given for the Mayor and Mayoress. (magistrates' clerk), F. G. Rudder* (public analyst), I Australian friends would have many enjoyable games in with such grim determination, it would be better. He this country, and take many scalps home with them, bad played football and had been knocked abaut and he 'V. T. Flood (inspector of nuisances), Elijah Plirse markets inspector), Robert Young (cemetery registrar), They had not taken IVarrington s, and' therefore the , thought that suggestion he had made world, if acted (V b, I. . Haddock (gas engineer), W. S. Howard (assistent . Warringtonians could afford to let them take some of I upon, help the game. secretary and cashier) Charles Madeley (dire Aor the other teams'. (Laughter.) When they had finished The proceedings concluded with the singing of the , of the Museum and I . bi a. en James Dea3 their tour and got bacle 'down under" to their homes, National Anthem. he hoped they would remember with pleasure the visit The visitors then proceeded to the Palace and Hippie- (engineer of the eeter department) red Jo nes Gray (assistant engineer). The magist..tee in attendance they paid to Warrington. (Applause). drome where they were just in time to witness the were :—Messrs. H. Roberts, S. Wright, J. W. 1 The toast was honoured with much cordiality, performance at the first house, arid they much nppre- Hayward, R. T. Fairclough, William Richardson, Mr. Gumovese in responding, said that they as elated the attractive programme submitted. C. S. Burgess, W. Roberts, T. Locker, E. Woods, Australians came from a land of milk and honey—a e ...—..--- A. J. Jolley, George Pilling, and %V. Furness. i laud which flowed over with wealth and with good HAVE YOU GOT LIVER-CHILL ? Tne Education Committee wes represented by Mr. J. I fellows. (Hear, hear.) Not only that, but they came las en with human hearts, able to take-defeat as well Moore Murray (secretary end director), Mr. It. B. !Roberts (assistant director), and Mr. E. Plinston. The las to take victory. (Applause.) They did not wi--- Hy a Mother and Daughter Dreaded rear was brought up by a large number of towasr mple, t regret the Warrington team's victory over them, but 'n" including Mr. A. Neil (Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and ; they would have been better pleased, as footballers, If Winter. , Company), Mr. %V. Smith BUrge-s (an old Blue Coat ; they had secured Warrington's scalp. (Laughter.) He . school friend of the Mayor) Mr. J.J.Firth(Police Court congratulated Warrington on having so ably defended -- . Missionary), elessre. A. Breve ere, A .1. Willett W. H. their lives as footballers. In his opinion the best team FORTIFIED BY CHAS. FORDE'S BILE BEANS. J. Jenkins, Jernes Houghton, 1r B. Houghton, won on the day's play. (Applause.) The visitors had J. Dilworth, J. IT J. lie-meson, T. Pemberton, been much gratified with the hospitality bestowed J. Ilielliwell, H. NI Ashton, IV. L. Stanstield, %V. Bibby, upon them, and he, woe certain that if any English E. J. Mitchell, C. Plireton, J. Critchley, W. Denuett, footballers went over to Australia it would bo J. Lee, El. Isherwood, S. Taylor, James Payton, J. heartily reciprocated. Allusion had been made to their Ashley and others. war song. That song was not to be despised, nor did The Parish Church was filled in every part. The they despise it. They sang it in the native language as clergy taking part in the serve, 3 were the Rector (Rev. , given to them by the aboriginal blacks, but the Canon Willis), the BM. Canon Stevenson, I'. A. J. Australians could not be called black fellows, because lebiprth, T. W. Barber, and G. C. Briggs. The choir every member of the team was a white man. That being gave a most devotional len:toren of tee music, their so, they were descended from the British race and they voices being tu Ad to special advantage in Steiner's were proud of the fact. (Applause.) If ever it became beautiful "fee Daum." The hymn" Praise, my soul, the necessary, they would be proud to stand side bi side Ring of Heaven " was sung to Goss's ' ispiring tone, with Britishers bolely to defend the Union Jack against and the other hymn's were "0 God, oar help in ages the world. (Applause.) With regard to football, the past," " Angel voic ,s, ever sin'ging," and " All people [ visitors had not had the same experience of the that on earth do dwell." At the close of the service Northern Union num that the Warrington men had bad. the National Anthem was saeg. Mr, F. H. Darby, Nius.. They had only played the game for something like four Bac., presidcl at the orean with his accestomed taste months in Australia so that tbey came to England and skill. practically as raw men at the game. They had done The Rev. G. C. Briggs preached the sermon from the their best to defeat Warrington but unfortunately they words" Thy kingdern come," Sr eiatthow vi., 10. fie had not succeeded. If opportunity could be afforded said it wes a prayer for all sorts and conditions of inert them to reverse the decision, he as manager would be to use. It was a prayer for the politician as well as for pleased to receive an invitation from Mr. Ashton. the priest, the sect it reformer as well as the preacher, (Laughter.) He must compliment the Warrington team the town councillor as well as the religious teacher. on the manly and clean manner in which they played It was a prayer for the eetablinernent here on earth of the game. (Applause.) The team the Australians a reign of goodness, parity and Peace. They had lost placed in the field was their best. Warrington had tremendously by the neglc Aof this teaching. A false beaten their best end be congratulated them. (Applause.) conception of ehe Church he I penetrated into the Mr. A. H. Ceoseritto, M.P., said it was a great popular mind which imagined that Cnristians were so pleasure indeed to be allowed to say n few words on entirely taken up with "other worldlll.3n9 "f. 9 to h eve that most interesting occasion. While he was so happy little or no thought for tine present life. Could they be to be able to congratulate their friends from Australia surprised that people bad grown more or less indifferent on the fine game they bad played, he would like, first to the Christian Religion when i• 4 most glorious and of all, in a single phrase to congratulate them on being ennobling lessons had been forgotten by the religions so fortunate as to possess a manager who, in addition world itself? Could they wonder that men not hearing to excellent business capacity,possessed oratorical gifts this teaching of the Kingdom should have become which they had seen so well exemplified in the very indifferent to their duties as subjects of a kingdom ? happy speech to which he had just treated them. And that led him to apply the words of the (Applause ) He (Mr. Crosfield) was sure that there text to the sulsject which was ' uppermost in was not an Englishman in the room who did not echo their minds that morning—that of civic duty. every word that Mr. Giltinan had said in his frank and It was said that the majority of men were indifferent exceedingly handsome speech. (Hear, hear., He was to municipal aff iirs and Fed little or no idea of civic very glad to be allowed to join in the welcome to their responsibilities old antic- There R4S some truth in Aestralian friends. Mr.Giltinan and their worthy presi- the statement But there were not wanting signs that dent had alluded to some slightly pugnacious qualities matt AS Were going to improve 1.1 th:s resin A. For which one sometimes found amongst footballers, hut he some years past, now, the suggestion had been made to (Mr. Crosfleld) had always understood that there was the clergy to bring h fore their people on this Sunday one race off men who were a great deal more pugnacious the duties of citizenship. The suggestion was an than those who played football or anybody else, and if excellent one and should have their cordial approval. his old friend Mr. Pierpoiut would excuse him saving The Mayor by his presence in church that day, together so, he was alluding to politicians. (Laughter.) Bret with those over whom he had been called to preside, Bute said there was one class of men who were more in the Town Council, helped to remind them pugnacious than either. He VCRS speaking of scientific that civic duty mos a part of true religion ; people, and they all knew what he had to say about that civic service wrs in a real sense religious them. (Lnenliter.) However, they were not met in service. Would that they could drive that lesson home. any combative. spirit that night—far from it. Mr. How few people latwested themselves in matters that Giltinan had spoken of the short time during which the required a public spirit ; how few, for example even Australians bad been playing the Northern Rugby took the trouble to record their votes in a municipal Union game, but-Australia had come to the front in election, on which so much der ander'. Why was it football, and their visitors had reason to feel legitimate that so many people were satisfied to be more or less pride in the fact that the colony bad also reached a useless ? Was not one reason at least that they had leading place in so many other departments of those lost sight of the fact that they were subje As of a athletics, field sports and forms of outdoor recreation kiudgdoin pledged to serve ? It had le m said that which happily were the custom throughout the length there eves nothing more deadly to the health of the and breadth of the British En pire. (Applause.) He conamunity than the indifferent good.the men and women could remember very well some twenty-five years ago who consider( 1 everything "so shocking " save their watching on many an afternoon the marvellous cricketers ono decent apathy. Nothing they thought was from Australia who were the first, as their old friend expected of them and they did nothiug—nothing but Murdock put it, to beard the Hon in his den and' by criticise - criticise the doings of the Town Commit— winning that ever memorable match at the Oval, to their one conception of the functions of the Council defeat a representative team of Great Britain t :ing that they were to keep the rates doe.). For In the ericeet field. His old headmaster at help, sympathy, moral support 'pre:tient suggestion, Uppingham, speaking on imperial unity, used to he melee ws of the Council muse look elsewhere. We say that he considered that of all the bonds were constantly priding ourselves on being a practieel, that knit the British Empire together, one commonsense I .orsle. But the Emglishmar, it had been 'of the most important was the fine old game of said, had "the defectsoof his quality." He wes so cricket. (Hear, hear.) Now they were happy to see preetical that he was veiny apt not to think, to have no that football was becoming another link between ideals. Some of teem might disame 3 with him if be England and the colonies. (Applause.) They knew the said that modera education did not snfaciently multi- splendid achievements of Australia on the riser. Only rate the imagination. Its one aim was ts ha practical. a few days ago he was discussing with an old friend, They had beard it said" it was fOr want of imagiration who was one of the most brilliant exponents of lawn England lost Ameriee." It was, too, for want of tennis in England, the great progress of that game in imagination that so moray people neglected their civic the United States, and the headway it was now making duties. They bad no social ideal to which they could in Germany. If we in England, and perhaps our direct their thoughts' no kingdom of God in their minds Australian friends, had something to learn from which could be reproduced on earth. Practical modern Germany, Germany had a great deal to learn from us— men had not much faith in visions such as those of (heer, hear)—and one of the points where Germany was Isaiah, St John or Rienzi. They had no modern equivalent happily taking a lesson from us was in the cultivation to the city into wbich "nothing might enter thatdefileth of those outdoor games in which the war-like spirit or maletb a lie." They had no pattern city in the could be worked off in a more or less peaceable fashion, heavens and therefore did not strive to metre its like- (hear, hear.) There was great rivalry in lawn tennis nests on earth. It was for want of such an ideal that between England, America and Germany, but when he the type of Englishman was so common who knew asked his friend--a most competent judge—who bacon' hardly re-retiring, and thought about hardly anything sidered was the most brilliant tennis play er in the whole except his own home, his own busince, his own world he named Australia's chief "crack." (Applause.) pleasure, his own place of worshie. Dirty to his fallow He (Mr. Cresfield) congratulated the visitors very cordi- subjects, duty in interesting himself in the numerous ally on the fact that. Australia in that as in other forms and complex social questions which were crying out for of sport should Lave come right to the front. (Applause,) solution, he bad never thought of. He paid his rates [ Having complimented the Warrington team on their What more could be expected of him ? These questions' W [ victory, Mr. Crosfield emphasied the fact that besides he said, must be solved by the sort of people who cared the local pride which one naturally felt on such an -to sit on town councils and other public bodies. Nor iccasion, there was a general satisfaction which they was there any hope for this hopeless sort of all as ruerube s of the great British Commonwealth, person unless he could be brought to under. ought to feel in the notatle achievements of any stand that God did not intend him to live such a life? portion of the empire. It was in that spirit that they If such people could only be convinced that they in England, knowing what Australia had done on the were pot there in Warrington or wherever it might be, river, on the cricket field and in other branches of because God wanted them there for a purpose, that sport, desired to share in the feeling of pride which all whatever gifts they had were not accidents, Mt; were the Empire took in the work that was done by its lead- meant to make the lives of others brighter, purer, nobler lug Bebe in many lands. (Applause.) lie for one h'oped end happy—if they could only be taught to realize this all these games would continue to prosper and that then they could no longer remain idle end useless. If they would help us to produce not only men who could they could only be taught that they were sub- do themselves credit in the athletic world but who, jr ats of a kingdom, plede d to service, they thanks to the sports in which they engaged, would by wonld soon find means by vrt 'on they might dedicate their calibre, physique and general capacity be able, at tenet some part of their lives to the service of whether is Australia, Britain, Canada, or anywhere else the kingdom of God and of their fellow men. in the Empire,better to make their mark in those other If a man really believed in Christ, not merely as One departments of hiunan activity which helped to build very great and glorious, Who lived and died long years up the glory and the reputation of our Empire. ago, he really believed in His kingdom on earth to-day. (Applause.) He was snre that assembly would drink One way that he would prove the reality of that 1-lief with real heartiness the toast which he now had the was by showing in some was his love for his brethrer honour to propose, of hearty welcome and congrutula- If a 'man really believed in Christ he said, " I am tion to the Australian team, coupliug with it the name among you as he that serveth." If he took Christ's of their captain. (Applause.) life as the pattern and model of his own he then ceased i Mr. A. BURDON, in the absence of the captain of the to be cynicrel and critical and crone to feel some + Australians, responded and congratulated Warrington responsibility for the miseries and sorrows around him, on their victory and also on the friendly way in which :Intl did his best to help to alleviate and soothe them. they had played the game. Tine match had shown that and the man who thus did something to serve not his the Australians bad 3et something to learn in playing own ends brit the good ef others, who was ready to go Northern Union football. He hoped the members of where he would be of most nse, whether in the eye of the team would take a lesson from the way in which the public or not, was the man who was promoting the their opponents showed the various points of the game coming of the Kingdom on earth. They could not (Applause), honestly say throe words, " Thy Kingdom come "if Mr. R. VIERPOINT, in proposing the health of the they %Nero content to be idle. It Was worthless Warrington team, coupling with it the name of the and impertinent to do so. Let them try to put fresh captain (Mr. Dickensoun said the team Led done meaning into tbe prayer. They were praying ashen they extremely well that day. He understood that that used the words, that the kingdom of God might reign season they did not begin very well—in fact he might over themselves, their souls, and bodies, that injustices almost say the contrary, that they began somewhat and wrongs might be swept away and that frauds and badly—but they had marle that progress which they corruptions might be exposed. They were praying for might all hope for and which was due to constant

!g,.L. 4

CMS. FOIIDE.S Bile Beans are the best safeguard against those stomach and liver ills that return with the chilly November weather, and inflict their sharp pains across the back, destroy the appetite, and make one shiver and ache. With ynue system strengthened, the liver set right, and your blood purified and inviQ- orated by CIIAS. FOIIDE'S wonderful tnedicine, you will have no dread of the season's perils. . "Before I got my old biliousness and sick head- aches thoroughly out of my system with the 1130 of CH/S. Fonne's Bile Beans, I always urs.l to dread winter," said Mrs. Eliza Allsop, of 32, Alma load, Ponder's End, Enfield, London. "Now I face it with an easy mind. " Sick headaches and biliousness tormented me for several years. For days at a time I could neither eat nor sleep, and I became absolutely worn-out with the constant sickness and the fearful pains in head and back. Life was a burden ; I got very depressed and gradually lost flesh. Though I was an out-patient at several hospitals and took many medicines, 1 received but very little relief. "The severe symptoms from liver chill returned at the beginning of every winter. The doctor said it would always happen. My daughter was afflicted in the same way, and we were distraught with headache at thi3 season of every year. "At the beginning of one winter, however, we tried CRAB. FonuE's Bile Beans. This wonderful medicine not only acted as a protection against liver chill, but built us both up splendidly. We no longer dread the winter, as the old biliousness bee left us altogether, and we find the use of Oils. Founifs, the'gentune Bile Beans, enable us to withstand the severity of the winter weather."

Mrs. Allsop and her daughter were speaking. of the original world-famed medicine, " Cats. FORDS 6 " Bile Beans which are sold in sealed boxes only., at is. 141. and 2s. Dd., by all chemists. The public are warned against many worthless substitutes. Refuse any which have not " CnirmEs Formes " printed on the label. This label is the best and only guarantee that TOLI are getting " the kind you have always bought."

===== 0002601_19081121_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Chas. FORDEs ESILE 13€11/41S

"PROPHECY AND IhSPIRATION."

The first of two lectures on "Prophecy and Inspiration" arranged by the Warrington Church Society, was delivered in Holy frinity schools on Wednesday evening by the Rev. Canon Joyce, warden of St. Deiniol's, Ilawarden. The Rev. Canon Stevenson presided over a good attendance. The lecturer said the inspiration of the Bible was one of those foundation facts upon which the Christiln faith rested. At a time like this when so many fundamental questions of religion Were discussed in the freest possible way,it was of the first raportance that they should have clear con- ceptions an definite thoughts upon these great matters. Moreover in -uch questions they could not be content to refer to the views held in the past, because a large amount of new knowledge and information was coming to the front and it demanded that they should adapt their conceptions and read-just them possibly in some measure. Inspired ..ri was the communication between the Divine spirit and the human spirit. The prophets were especially and ins, peculiar degree the men of inspir- ation. All the authors of the Bible were in their degree inspired but we must recognize different degrees of inspiration. The three sources from which he proposed to derive information on the subject were (I) the Bible itself, standing pre-eminent above the rest ' • (2) comparison between the different religions of the world ; (3) the phsychology of religion and revelation. , The lecturer proceeded to show how the Israelites, as l well as the heathen races, practised divination and be submitted that the explanation was to be found in the recognition of certain mysterious powers which belonged to human nature as such and which in the present day received CLITiOUS names like telepathy, the power of thought-reading and thought-transference, , and the power of perceiving things at a distance. Divination in the case of the heathen sank lower and lower into a pit of degradation, while in the ci,se of Israel it TOSO higher and higher until it passed into prophecy. One great reason for this was that divination amongst the heathen was connected with a degrading and debased form of polytheism and idolatry, whereas divination amongst the Hebrews was connected with the worship of the one true God. That made an immense and immeasurable difference. All the weak- nesses and evils of polytheism registered them- rel ves in the practice of divination, whereas divination in Israel became more and more purified by its connection with the worship of God. Divination amongst the heathen was degraded by the ambition, love of power,and covetousness of its professors, but the diviners of Israel were conspicuously free from those two great besetting sins. The prophets used their powers to the highest ends and noblest pur- poses and so it was that they prepared the way for the corning of the Son of God. The RECTOR moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer. Mr. 0. Losmouse seconded and said be WAS parti- cularly struck with the lecturer's reference to the fact that the divination of the heathen races was not chicanery and falsehood. We were living in an age when we were learning to believe that there were powers outside us of which we had not known,and some people were able to take advantage of them. No doubt in those early days the diviners were men like some people living to-day who were able to get beyond the bounds which circumscribed most of us. The vote was heartily passed.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW BEEF TEA.

In Fluldlu-Vis (the New Beef Tea), you get aboisi double value for money as compared with the Usual Fluid Beef Extracts. Fluid Ju-Vis is equally nutritious, being prepared solely from Beef, with valuable vegetable additions. It makes delicious rich gravies, or a Cup of Stfong Beef Tea for a penny. Try it, ••• Ocl. bottles of all groceilh

===== 0002601_19081121_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ ' _

===== 0002601_19081121_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

- (By Fno0). , After many of the clab runs on Saturday last the main topic under discussion was the bearing that the secession of the Southern Association would have on the " National" and " International " races, and what was likely to be done, in that count Aden, at the National C.C. Union mc )ting the same evening. Southern Club are not unanimous on the point and as it, is probable that a frn;her meeting of their rssocia- tion will be called to reconsider the position, it is not prudent to express is opinion at this stage. It may be permissible to state that the debat^,ble points con- corn the National and Intetrational contests, and the expenses oonneoted therewith. The Northern and Mid- land Association have always willingly Loma their share, but the Southeruers do no relish the con- tinual dratn ewsed by the Interrational, end having suggested a remedy not acceptable to the other parties cone orned have considerable it necessary to resign. The southern delegates at the mcoting dcolined to discuss the matter, their mandate was evidently to say as little as pas 3ihle and to offer nothing but their resiguation. this aas accepted aqd they retired leaving the other delegates to make the arreagenients for this season.

The National Championship will be rri at Ilrsydock Park on March 6th. The outrrice fee will be £2 per club as before. Englishmen must compote for their club in the National this year, otherwise they will not be con- sidered by the selection committc 3 when they are pick- ing the twelve men to represent its in the international —last season's result me :—liegland I, Franco 2, Ireland 3, Scotland 4, Wales 5. The International wi'l be run at Derby, the date will be announced I ster— probably a fortnight litter than the National. Saturday Rims. SEFPON TIXRRIER3 deciesd a handicap over about nine miles of country with the following result :—W. .1. Hunter (7min.)s7min. 44seca. I,W. T.Clarke (scratch,) 58ru;n. 36sec. 2,J. T. [Zimmer (55eecs) 53rnin. 56see. 3 G. A. Peck (7mn.) 61mm. 27seca. 4, R. Body (3min.) , Girnin. *liens. 5, S. Stevenson (Imin. 33see.) 40secs. G. Serrox Tannings journeyed to Sheffield, for an int3r-club run with the National Champions, and over a six and a half mile trail got a terrible slating by 53 points is shorn by the rrsult :-llallamshire :A. Turner 1, J. Murphy 2, A. fiavenhearl 3, Joe Allen 5, A. Aldows 6, P. Turner 7,—total 21. Sutton : S. Welding 4, F. J. Whittle 9, 0. J. Straw 10. T. Devl;l 16, W. Burrows 17, J. Mo.iis 13—total 71. This is a severe check to the victorious career of Sutton who had previously severely trounced all the St. Helena rid District clubs •, g wimps Sutton were upset by the travelling or a liberal leech, at all events Straw's form is too bad to be trne.

Warrington A.C. brought off their championship, for first season runners with the following result : A. Siddall I, time 40min., /Gam ; W. Litherland 2, dthoin 25ser ; S. Hewitt 3, 40mn., 27sc. ; A. Milliagton 4 dtmtn., 43sec. U. Whittnker 5, S. Holbrook if, Shepherd 7. J. Hokin S. Trail was laid by J. Stewart and Bert Powell over six miles of good count;. At the start Siddall dashed off in front end was hotly pursued for the first half of journey, then Millington took the lead for about a mile and a half, with Litherland and Hewitt in close attendance, a little over a mile from home Siddall worked his way to the front and a grand race ensued between the first three tint". within 200 yards of the finish when Siddall's superior page stood him in good ste•vd the race for second plac3 was particularly good and Hewitt promises to make a good one with more ex! :,rience. The fast pr k finished in the following order. H. Holbrook I, J. Parsonage 2, W. Antrobus S, J. George 4,H. Jepson 5.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
BURNING ECZEMA AFTER A RASH.

Tortured by Disfiguring Scaly Sores.

Miss E. B. Haddock, of 30, Hampden-street,Westoe, South Shields, had more torture crowded into two years than thousands of people have in a lifettme. Nothing was able to ielieve her of the terrible eczema until Zara-Bak was tried. To a local reporter who investigated the wonderful eure Miss Haddock said :—" About two years sac) I noticed a number of small red spots - like a rash

appearing all over my body, face, head, arms, and legs J called in the doctor, who told me I had eczema. As there were children at the house where I was employed, I was obliged to glee up my sitiurtion. " Doctor's medicine did me no good, for the spots soon began to spread .!Ito each other. "Two of the places festered and began to discharge. Ity body was very sore, and the skin was highly inflamed. The ;te/ting and pain were almost unbear- able. I could not sleep, but used to walk about all night. " The eczema continued to spread and I bream' an;., ully disfigured. Before I was attacked by the disease I bad a lot of thick bushy hair, which came nearly nearly down to the waist. The eczema caused the hair to come out in handfuls, until there was only a thin covering left. The doctor told me there was no cure for me.

"Many a time I cried bitterly, for I never had a moment's rest from the burning, torturing pains. For two years my body was prcctically covfred with the dreadful eczema, and there seemed no prospect of ever getting rid of it. When the disease was about at its worst, I was advised by several friends to try Zam-Buk.

" I smeared the balm over the scaly places gently. After the very first application of Zate-Buk I expeii- enced a delightfully cooling and soothing feeling Fultber dressings with Zarn-lluk gradually lessened the torturing itch, and I was able to get some greatly needed sleep. The scabs began to peel off, and a new healthy sh;n grew where the sores had been. I continued with Zatn-Buk, until my head, face, neck, hotly, arms, and legs, were quite cleared of the dreadful eczema. My skin is now beautifully scit and healthy looking, and my hair is growing again." Miss fladdocl's case conclusively proves the um-quailed excellence nf

/ • , , : . , .... .1•44%;;E. .......... ' .. . the A!.: It. (I'& c...... 1E! ra !log 11 •f.c ra )atit s-dds, ..... wimp, sur: 69 . • .-w77 "`•;,." • - face, head, P"-

===== 0002601_19081121_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
GIRL A MARTYR TO TERRIBLE ECZEMA

Began with Teething and Lasted Twelve Years—Tried Every Imag- inable Treatment to No Mc-A— Head and Body a Mass of Humour —Almost Mad with the Torture.

CURED IN THREE WEEKS BY ONE SET OF CUTICURA

"My daughter, now thirteen years of age, had been a martyr to eczema en her body and head evcr since cutting her teeth. We had a doc- tor off and on for the first five years and. have been frying dif+ ferent chemists frorri time to time, using many ointments, but to no effect. We tried 'everything imaginable and only kept hoping that she would out- after suffering for twelve her bo,!y and head were a mass of sores and she was almost mad with it. Then I sent for a set of Cuticura Soap, Cuticura Ointment, and Cuticura Resol- vent Pills. After ten days' use of the Cuticura Remedies she began to get better. In three weeks there was not a vestige of eczema left. She only took one vial of the Cuticura Pills and we have some of the Soap and Ointment still. Mrs. C. Brasier, High St., Godstone, Surrey, Aug. 8 and 12, 1907."

years,

bod:

Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- cura B ook on Treatment of Skin Diseases.

• •••• growit: ktlast,

===== 0002601_19081121_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
AWFUL ITCHWG

Torturing, Disfiguring Hurnours Instantly Relieved by Cuticura. Even a single gen tie application of C u ti- oura, the great Skin Cure, preceded by a warm bath with Cuticura Soap and fol- lowed, when necessary, by mild doses of Cuticura Resolvent Pills, affords instant relief, permits rest and sleep, and points to a speedy cure of the agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of scalp, as in scalled head, and the awful suffering of infants and children, as in teller. or salt rheum.

Cutleura Remedies are sold throurhout the world. Depots:London. 27. Charterhouse Sq.; Pass. 5. Rue de la Paix; Australia. R. Towns & Co.. Sydney; 80. Africa, Lennon, Ltd.. Capetown, etc.; U.S. A., Potter Drug & Chew.. Corp.. Sole Props.. Boston.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS AND MICE.

DANYSZ VIRUS kills

HARMLESS TO OTHER ANIMALS AND HUMAN BEING. A NORTHWICII TESTIMONIAL. From Mn. J. A. COWLEY, Clerk to the Urban District Council. -

Council Offices, Northwich, June 13th, 1006. The Danysz Virus you sent has been tried with most excellent results.

r(Signed) J. ARTHUR COWLEY. 1 tube 25.; 3 tubes 55.; per dozen 188.; post free from DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., Box 292. 52,ELeadenhall Street. LONDON. 8.12. ,

And of all Clemlsts.

' Counsel The purchase of the Coffee thaT alvvays pleases ramly or Guests symington Coffee EA

.Aence : T s , • .-.....- 4.......,,,... --.• ' ' .41, . - ' . ' 7:.;•-'- 4.- .";;- 4.r- ' -,.: Richly Fragran-- Pure& Invigorating V

===== 0002601_19081121_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
!El ;H N. .127 c-o-rd

THE NEW FR EMEDy. THERAPI A ill 5 SUCC essfui po- _ 4 pular remedy. use& in continental Hospitals by Itlerard, Rostan, Jobert,irelp- cat. & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for im puritvof blood, spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofjoints„ kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes,, piles, gravel, pains in back, gout,rheumatism.exhaustion, sleeplessness, Su% Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars Id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co,llaveys stock Road,lialup stead, London,& principal Chemists

:NO

-aEDY, .successful

" CLAIM'S WoRLD-FAIISID 13LooD the most. feel cure for all Blood ancl Skin Climates It is nourishing food cleauser ever disolcere(t, en it witl free the- system from all Impurities from whatever c Luse arising. for a Scrofula, Scurvy. liczerna, Std Lem Pimples and flares of al kinds; Its effects are rnarvelllus• Th)ai, ndi of testt monialr. Fold everywhere at 21. 95. per rattle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutel.—Advt, 1. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to care, In either sex, all aceutred for oonstitntional distbarges from tt e , Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. are. from Mercury. Bstablished upwards 0130 years. In bores 4s. Otl each, of all chemist. and Patent Medicine Vendors Wasik. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. Mx Lb n coin and Midland Counties:Drag Company, Lineable— Advt.

To MOTHIERS.—Mrs. Wtirsiow'a Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothess for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to taste; sia4 produceenatural quiet sleep, by relieving the 011114 frOra pain and the little cherub awakes as bright all e buttoci., of all Chemist, ts. W.—Advt.!

4

ebt (Rammer hates OP NV 1311 K-RID NIIWSPAPIRS COMPRISBS : .11.111 WARRINGTON a MID-CHRSHIIIII EXAMINER. 1 publishcd every Saturday inarning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington' Stockton Heath, Penketh. Winwick, Padgate, Lynam. &0., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district (layered by this Paper coin- rises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance- hire and MIA-Cheshire. _ . _

_ "URN RUNCORN RIAMINER, published every Saturday A. morning. It Is the best weekly paper In the Town and District, and otters the beet and cheapest taclllties to Advertisers. _ _

rpaa WIDSHS 11XVOIINKR published every Saturday 1. morning. Widnes contains the lorgest number of chemical works of any town In the Kingdom, and le a rapidly growing centre of industry.

HARLII3TOW ri AND NEIWTONIiiXAifINBL 1. published every 3atirday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the Hews of Eariestown. Newton-1e- Willows. flolborne, Hair4o:lk, Lowton. c. The district thus en-en:lsec.t s most imwrtant part of the Lancashire coal-

/*nig ST. HELENS EXAMINER, pabltotted every IL Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Preseot, Parr. Sutton, Paisley Cross. to --the centre of the Glees, Ottemi.M and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APAITEENTS WANTEr. HOUSES WANTED. &PANT:AUNTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE iOLD. AR TICLES L9ST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Rix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. Os. 8.1. ... Is. 3d. .... 2.. Od. ... Is. 9d. ""7.7 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... Is. Ccl. ... ss. Od. 036 ... Is. mi. ... 3s. fid. ... 44. Od. ... 61. Od. 45 ... Is 31. ... 31, Id. ... 64, Od. ... 7s. Od. 64, ... 11. Bd. ... 31. 8. ... 84. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
nome.csttt RaerbantO, ett.

WANTED, Toong GRSHHAt.. no wasbing.—HaLaWoon Hors?, 'Halewood.

WANTR2II two good GU:7EIIISM ; able to waeb.—Apply KINGS ABM. Castle at., Tyleesley.

WANTIIIDGENRRAL, about IT, Protestan*.—Apply Miss Scommaly, Springfield, Croft. near Warrington.

ANTS!), COOK-GBNERAL, and Housemaid- ! Y Waltrees,-.Apply, LISMORE, Clarendon rd., Sale.

ANTED. GIRT. (retractable) about 17; as GENERAL; V V character required...slmi aa.Mancbester rd.,Broadheath

UCCLISS SELBOT REGISTRY.—Z 4, TREVELTAY ST., keees, Manchester. Servants in all capacities wanted'.

WANTED stool GENERAL SERVANT; happy home; small famlly.—Apply 31rs. GRAHAM. 9, Park view, Wißan.

M(7ARTBD at once, Gil qE ttELL, age 20 to 25, refereace regnired.—Cocxc ROFT. 68, Sculabrick New rd., Eontbport.

NUTANTED GM URAL where Nurse is Kept; faro:ly four; V no wallah:Lg.—Apply eveu:ngs, 491. Stretford rd., Manchester.

WANTBD. Young WOMAN as GENERAL snavArrr ; f.mily 2; small avast), good wages.--al. WITRINGTON BD., 31anebester.

Ni/ fiNTBD good Wag KRAL, able to wash and used to bar; V wages 105 ; references required.—Apply ROYAL, HOTEL, Enmity.

ANTED eurrerienoed GRLIBRAL for Eeeember ; a!so 11r.usemaid ; gcod rtferemes.—BICRHFIELD Ilousz, Yarnwortb , Widnes.

WANTED a good GENERAL. age 18 to 21; Christi.n borne ; small family.—Appvy Mn. laomPaorr, 28. Park view, Wigan.

%A3TBD, good MINIMAL EIRVANT Immediately Pge 18 to 20 ; good claracter.—Apply t BANFORD CAFE, Kautsford,

AVANTED, reapect ab!e 9ISIVERAL SISItV for small family ; cook and wash.—DAcuss. 42, fieesett rd., B:undellaands, near Liverpool.

VA'JTED for Dersember 3rd GeNtol.l3fl,; must wash, 0001., and have ¢,,0.1 refsren2es ; aaother kept ; Mrs. CATLI2(6, they. Kelehley.

WAN MD GaBIERAL in bp all (artily ; good plain cook stro-Ig ; age, wage, reference ; not registry office.— Write], BIRICSItHEAD RD., HoylkP.

WANTIW, GEN liltAL (strong, gool), at once; able to piain cook ; no washing ; asea ; reference.— WILD, Gladysville, Sale, near klaochester.

11,7 ASTRO Situation as COOK-HOUSBKIIBPRIL to TV gentleman where servsnts are kept ; excellent refer- encein—kirs. F. P., 29, Blm Grove, hale.

lISPKtITABLB Widow Wants BITUATION as House- t keeper to working man, bachelor or wldower.-11, ToLLEMICRE TERRACE, Blocle lane, Chester.

WVNTECD, go- d Mtn COOKS. Waltreasee, ilousemaida, Kitebenrnalds, Between and superlor Generals. —Mrs. READ'S tIELECT REGISTRY, Ba-tholme, 'dead:water.

AtlTED.—GoodltriltßaLtz, 13 to 26. Plain Cooking V Wages 2,13 to £lB. beferences.—Apply. Miss SILLISBURY, 23, Algburth rd., Grassendale, Cr. Liverpool.

WANTED, GENEII4I. (rerpectable), light housework, no washing ; no bar cleaning ; fond of children ; Prrtestant ; good reference.—MOLYNEUX HOTEL, Molyneux rd., Liverpcoi.

WANTI3I) good GENISRAL SHlsVnlill`, age 19-2; able to wash ; three in family •, comfortable home for suit- able girl; references required.—Mrs. CLLEICE, 25e, Worley rd., lissioton, Manchester.

WANTED, a respectable GIRL, as General In smell family, able to do thin cooking and wash ; good brrne and ;moderate salary to suitable gtrI.—OUSIBRIOOE, Angtten, near Ormsklrk.

1%1 IS. PRESTON, Progressive Servants Agency, 44, Ili Charles sr. Tte oldest listablished In Blackpool. NVents EiIthVAPTS, witb references, for Hotels, Boarding rid Private Houses ; good 'sages ; enclose stamp. Tel., 637.

ri 0 ALL PBItBOISS GOING ABROAD.—For situations _I and Leiith resorte.—Apply connoisseur and expert for personal experience, fee 51. will save you pounds, 6 to 8 dsi'y, or personal chit by appointment.-1.63, BURY NEW sr., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
manta.

yGUN G Man Wanted for home Clerical work.—Wrlte. Col Eg, 153 Mount Pleasant lane, Clapton,

HOSIVROBK, genuine, prcfitable.—Write at once FURDON, 221, Eowes rd., New Souttgate, London.

wA 7:TED, Grandfather Clock-asorks. and brass dials.— FRISZeT Jacnaolf, 34. HarbrnhUh rd., Barnsley.

ANTED.—Any timothy, tqwe or eased IT I dried. P.O. by retorn post.—IIIONESQ, Oswestry.

XXI ANTED, AGSM'S for Live Stock nod In-foal Mare T Ineurance.-11ANAGER,Midgate Obambers,Peterborough

ITT ANTED, small Modern Cars, Stepney Wheels, Limps V Manama' ADVPORY AGENCIN 14 Beak st„ London, W

DARTNER. Catholic, Wsntel. Good veer. Priest's refersaces.—Ckraorld SUPPLY ASSCCIITION, P. Hand Court, El 'born, London.

TARAIIGEITSMAN (alt-round) wants h€-work or post ; highest references, lowest terms.—S. H. Y., 17, East- lake rd., Camberwell, S.W.

IVSTREELWRIGHT anl GENERAL SMI !cells aittiatien (NO Sbceing), middie-aged, steady.—Box, " Examine, " Office, Warrin4f on.

VVANTRP.-1 wiles' Hair Cembicar, best cash value remitted per r,turn.—Serd S.MITH, 124, Rectory rd., Stoke Newington. Toneon,

-11-IREEICH Gardening and Market Gardeninn.—Vacincy for Pnpil troderate premium.—Box 6.120. F.,HARROIV & THATCHER, Holborn Place, Lorninn.

ARDBNir, head working, wants FITLTATTO`z ; age 27 ; lir life abstainer ; first, rate experience and references.— Apply Mr. FERRINGTON, Nannereh. Mold.

FROTIONER.—LADIC (experienced) desires SITUA- -1 TION ; sblo to tftke chore of bakehoul. ; good referencia —Adam's T W.. " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

WANTED, at once. 14 or 1 dozen r•er day pure warm MILK, to be delivered at Urmaton Station as early as poesibie In tbe roorning.—Apply JAMES THORLEY, Fit Eton.

ILI R RR' 3 A CHANCE FOR YOU £lto —£3 0 a .1.) sanitary Trvector, Lady Health Vleitor.—Postal Course Leung for Liverpool Examination now commencing, 4to auccesses.—MVPHEN4. Sanitary Fxpert, Sunderland.

AMOTS and Dealers Wanted se sole representatives, to handle the most perfected Gas Mantle on the market, in all towns in United Klnglom.—App'y Box EO3l, Co SITARROW d THATCHER. Holborn Place, loncton, W.C.

LOOKING for easy money? Etop then : we have 2• newest, best,genutne money-getting plans out ; can be wcikrd by anyone anywhere. Send at once for valuable Information free to Pr...cas, 435. Chorley Old rd.. 13olton.

11/AIciTHD, SIIUATION as COacitm&N. Lire exceer. ence. Light wright, middle-sgl, married, no family. Previously with the late Mr. McClure fnci Mr. Lane , of Heaton Mersey.—Apply MAT.PIB°, Martinside.

OLD FALS3 Ill.—We give the highest porrilie prices tcr abo7f: : offers nmde, it unacCepted, teeth returned. Dealers in Did Gold or Bilv,r in any form ; bankers' refer- ences ; straightforward (haling —NV 00174 LL ASD compANT Eirkdate. SOuthpott.

TJCKB!iS! KS, ACKIIRS I I KNACKERS !I I Best possible prices given ter dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt removal on the sbortest notice any distance op to 16 miles— JAMFII TOOLE AND Soars LTD.. Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole LonLford Works, Telephor.e 259,

intscellanamg, en 'ak, ttr.

Ai OLE-SKINS Wanted: highest price given.—GATFIELD. Itil. West gate. Grantham.

I RISH Linen Handkerchiefe, Illustrated list free,4o design° ..L —Dim Luca DEPOT, Ripon.

'ILOGS FOR WINTHR WHAR.-8f nd for Price List.— W. H. RENSHAW, Northwicb. Che..

1) ESULTS TOBSAT TUB WO/MD.—Apply terms, A.. J. it, HONE, 28, Perryn rd., Acton, London, W.

riIgSIII4IOIIIALB typewritten, 12 for Is., 25 ii. 3d., 50 1_ 11. 93 —l3Aattirr, 186 Allender et., Glasgow.

SCOIC HANDLOOK TWBHDS direct, patterns free all paro-ls pald.—W. H. WILSON, Bannockburn.

DEDsTBADF.--dent direct, carriege paid ; specie! X one Factor,, Bromsgrove. Ll,ts free.

1110MOTO enlargements (2C x 16). 2r. One free.—AsiltußST I. ART GALLzar, 127,1, Stoke Newington r 3., London.

HAM BEAUTIFUL. Row obtained. Recipe 7 stamps.— Mrs. WILTERS. 19, Tlvernbrook Avenue Gloucester.

COMLBTB PLANS special cheap Cottage or Bungolow • Is. 24. poor free.—M•wrnr, 92, Salisbury rd., Monotone,

LILHOTRO PLATH.--Cutlery manufeeturers require agents 1:./ —Fox 60Q5.EHAPROW & THATCHER, Holborn place,London

SPECI AL CURB BRACHLBT. heavily plated, satisfaction guaranteed; Bend Is. I.l.—TovEv,2o,(lrove Cres..B,ratfard

no AZOII9. ls., 2s. 6d ,3s. 63. ; splendid shavers or money J_Lreturned -Q UICK, Halr3resser,Ooventry st.,Kidderminster

ADM. —Beautiful fiends ; ' Ivor Ine,' enlivened pre paration, h. 3t, post free.—GISES, n, Dunnae 6t., Monk weermouth.

GlFT.—Silver Thimble with Set Jeweils i Tortoise- shett-rrst ern finis Combs, Is. 7d.—DENTON MANUFAC- TURING CO , Hornsey.

V HAS PREEDINTS.—Gennine In sb Poplin Ties. Oxford., Is. Bd. Dudley.. 2s. post free. State elude required.— W.Sannzi, Eathgar. Dublin..

J rARD INDBX and Vertical Letter Piling Cabinets. Lowest k prices ; Pest wrkmanshin ; Prompt de:icery.—THE MWYNDY CABINET Co., Llantrisant.

ANSWEINS, Footballers.—Try " Marvels" Eolotions, to date and Finals. Is. 2d.—W MUM MORTON, 33 Grafton Terrace Maitland Park, London, N. W.

WVHIPRY a guinea for a :gloving Machine wben you can buy the beet HALM' In tte world for 3.. 61, post fret. —Kam/ & Co.. 21, Clorkenwell rd , London.

IJ'UBL-BCONOIIIISERS (Savtng '2.5 per cent). Satarled Agent, Terms and S.lmple6, 16. 3d.— H. G. °Amon & Co. (Dept. S.), 1, Southampton Row, London, W.O.

t -PAGB BOOK ABOUT HBRES and how to use tht.m. + Post free. Send for one.—TstrusELL, The Herbalist. 144, Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 1879.

0173131W1V8S I Washlng-4ay a &ensure, not •a bore I . I the our special " Scrub-nc-more " ; 7d. secures recipe. —M. SKLEw .4130., 268 Rut berglen rd.. Glasgow.

Ai AMC MOSBY by following my one horde occasional .1.11 wire Send 25. ed. only for nett pelt apecial.--HonioW liammown, 72 Albermarle Gardena, New Maiden. Betray.

ADIES, hemstßeLed handkerchiefs, with any Initial 1J beautifully embroidered, 1 doz. 2e., 1 doe. 3.. 64. piendli value.—MAlL ORDER 00.,8,The Parade. New Barnet.

A BTOUNDING BARGAIN, —Beautiful new Umbrellas £ll.. Congo or cherry handles, silver-mount•d. 3s. 6d. each, postage 31.—TH • TCHER, Bank Cnambe sr, Olacton-on-Sea.

STROLOGY.—Life-readlng, character, marriage, future rk evente, &c. ; send sea, birth-rate, 63. P. 0., stamped envelope.—Mdme. 6TRLLA, 670, Commercial r 3., Portsmouth

A PIAHEICOT WATCH "The Vigil," see "Daily Mall," rl September Eti) is the most valuable and elegant Xmas or Birthday Girt obtainable, and is guaranteed by, the greatest British Wafehworks to be non-cangnetic and not to vary more than a minute a mlnth. This is more than four times the guaranteed acauracy cf •• B g Ben." Prices in Gentlemen's Size, 21.., Gun Metal or Nickel ; 37r. 63 Silver ; 425., Gold.ftlleai; and tram 7.55. In aold. Ladies' size, 255., Gun Metal ; 395. 63., Enver; 42.., Gold-filled ; and from 55. 63. in Gold. Order at once from any jeweller. Further partien'are tree from WATCH Facroair (Dept. V 151), Preseot. Be In time for Christmas and test your gift yourself b.for

fßfaellantono, on oak, ett.

TYPEWEITHRIS. ail makes ; cheapest in Brialand.—kmur; 1, New Oxford St., London.

QUITS, cut, make, and trim, or mate only.—B. ROBINSON. El Fort et.. Blehopgate, London.

gAFISS, 28In. 5..; 361 n. 60s. Fire-proof. kartlonian!, TH ,MA.EI WITHERS &HONE!, West Breliewietl.

B"I'd long Clothes, 12 beautiful samples 55., exceptional offer.--GARMILY, 26, Goldsmith rd., Acton.

(ZENO 5 penny stsmps for sample tin superior, fragrant, 10 Carbolic llentlfrice.—Monals, Minster, Thanot.

0" good Wilmer &lob week. Reliable Information. P.U.O. 2s. 6.l.—YouNd, 38, King's Id., Windsor.

1 Dl'd WastkOle Neck Pootets. i Unde skirt do.. 2a ed. 1J Free.—Pansox, 27. Great Pulteney at., Londno, W.

ik/10311Y 8 A.VISD.—Buy Leicester tio-lery direct; whole- sale list free.—thiooss, 133, Bilduipti st., Leicester.

5/1 ARTISTIC PICTORIAL POSTC&RDS direct from makere, It. post free. MELzoTINT Co., Brighton.

pIIINIIIIG.-1,003 billheads, cards or menaors, 2.. 64.,new samples —JONEP, Printers, Carr's lane, Birrnlncharn.

BI RD CAGllB.—bend stamp for four new illustrated list; lowest price.— BYWORTH & SON!, 181. King's Cross rd., Lon4on.

As.—On Sale 15C-light Dry Gaa Meter, tested and stamped. -W. GRIFFITHS & Solis, 6, lartat George at., Liverpool.

CILOCIS, cairisge paid. women's 3s. Id,, men's 31.114., V 4s. 11d. extra str Ong water-tignts ss. Dd.—Swam, Market Drayton.

4'.1H00L6, Selene e.classes, M Icroscope Evenings. —lnsects. LY All orders, ethy Wei ; from 6d. dozen, —Falun°, Brockenburet.

A LL 13PORT6DIRN should lend P.O. of 2e. 61. for my 11. ()rend Special for next Fridey to a. BiRLOW, 7, Atherton st., Manchester.

ANTbD LADISH Hair Combings, beet cash value Y remitted per return.—Send, :titan'', 124, Rectory rd.. Stoke Newington. London,

fl EDIT' d left-off wearing apparel. boots, A.!. Any anviunt 11 purchased for each. I pay can lage.—A. WALTHER. EiZ, Charlotte it., Loudon, W

overstrung Upright Grand Ivory keys, quite ncir ; cost 55 gutneaa ; take zas 15s. for reuty easb.— PICKSIERS ST., Warrington.

VO more Unemployed.—' How to Get a Position and How 11 to Keep It.' (Copyright). Free IS.—LLITRUSTINE, Central Areou., Southend, Rolex.

I\TOTTINGHAM Lace Curtains. newest destgar, white or LI cream, seed P,O. 4e. 61. for wimple palr.—Bossen WELca I.lllfield rd., Ilkeston, Notts.

TAMP Album given away to anyone sending fid. for our 1.7 " Invincible" Packet of Foreign Sternps.—DouarAs BRIM!, 80 St. Saviour's rd., Leices'er.

frAPMRIIS.—Be humane to your horse, our ers,steless " Humane Nosebag " costa only 3s. 91. each direct from Patentee.-124. GLOUCESTBR Re.. Brighten.

NTOVIIMBRIt H&NDICAP SpecialHe, Es. 64. Gave .1.1 MullUnita and Santeve. Week's wires, 1.25. 6d.— Inl3orBorr, 186, Hall rd., Handsworth, Sheffield.

A 6TROLOGIC.—Your Horoscope, with Natal Map. rik Character, tnarriar, ; send P.O. ls. 6d. with birth date.—Jong GREEN, Ovemoons Rough, Petworth.

M& 1C shillings Into pOds by following 250,-fl MK un . Glaistone's Special Occasional Telegrams, 10s. for f.re; Es. 6d. for one.-254. Wtrrox BD., Birmingham. V fdAS GIFTS, Nothing ulcer thin Irish Linen Hand- Ll_ ke,chief s„ 25 per cent, under shop prices, free patterns. —HOBERT IlLtiorr & Co., 10, Westgate, Hale, Manchester.

HOW TO S&VEI hal! your Gas and Mantles. It's genuine, send Is. P.O. for instructions and material.—Note address. H. DENBLIkt SMITH, Boa 1741, Mirror Office, Iledhill.

50 B 21: ÜbLmmPpkiteNsNdY. dPo zI Ifeßonlln Ouality s a i3ct ;(I 0 zIOO Is. 100.—Yistrisr, 83. Wooletock rcl..Fin.bury iork,London.

I FABEicalt6. -Pine Tar, Eucalyptus. Caploba, Tutu, flore- t) hound, Aniseedotc. ; oqre whooping cough, bronchitis ; la. packet.—HICWITT, 6, Holt rd., Aston, Birmingham.

AA USICILNI M. revieed by evperts ; compositions of 01 merit Wanted; publication guaranteed.—send addressed envelope to AGENCY, 10, Museum et., London,W.C.

Vartnersbios, tu4ine9ses.

DYOU WANT TO BELL your Business 2—if Boxonsult I-, Mr. COADELL, Business Agent. Legh it., Warrington.

QOUTHPORT (Nlarket Rall).-3 WES e STALL for Sale kJ rent Ti 61. weal; clear.—Apply 113, HASTB&NIC ST., Southport.

f:I_IIAND OPPORTUNITY.—WeII-rstablished MIL r and ‘..X COAL BUSINIISS for SAL% fiaest position; owner going abroad.—Apply. Main, 81. Plank lane. Leigh.

go De •oet.

Ll‘ r. HO IJ$, Leigh Viliae, Kautsfurd rd.; reut £l6, J. Apply ALDRED, Leigh Villas, GrappenhaiL

TO LIU' 17, FOLLY LA15111.-Apply wooDs s SON 1 Solicitors, Horeemarket Street, Warrington.

•I`O LRT.—GOOD HOUSR, Hopwood-street t• 3 bed 1 rooms; rent 6s. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND ON So4ettorsl tloraemarket et

TO LET.—tiki 111-011 rACHH ) VILLA, S'aftJr I rd. Wlldersrool ; 5 bedroom., sth, we. Excellent modern convenience.. Garden.— 116, WIL.I)II.IIEPOGL 11D., Warrington.

rpo BB LVT,Tower House, claim to Sankey Station (0.L.0.) comprising two entertaining rooms. kitchen and back- kitehen, five bedrooms, bath, and w.c., h. and c. throughout. wasbhouse and small garden.—Apply next door, or to Mr. d. Owstse, Estate Agent, Widnes. Also Neat House coming empty shortly, containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen and b&ck-kitchen. three bedrcoms,bath room, h. and 0.,w.C., small garden, £l9 10s. per annum.—Apply as above.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday November 21, .1908.

vittiltural 43robuct, VlaPts, sct 0 URapplitto2%. r on tto Helldne°lminsfollNl YFurLuroit NTrteetcleitt:Lfree,

IkUlt Bose, Herbaceous, and Fruit 7rees List post tree on applicatlon.—Macanomov & Foram Leloesier.

PRIM ROS HS. double, great variety, list and prices.— Apply Mrs. OARMICHAEL-rERHALL, Aught!. Omuta, Tyrone.

The interest of the sitna- THE ECLIPSE OF tion in Germany deepens

ABSOLUTISM. rather than otherwise. It is a constitutional crisis of first-rate importance, tided over for the time being no doubt, but still full of possibilities, and certain to have enduring consequences. None of us expected that events would develops quite in the direction they have taken. Even those who were most well-informed on German affairs would not have ventured to predict such an uprising of opinion against the proceedings of the EMPEROR as has actually manifested itself. There is the widest possible difference in the views expressed by the Garman Press on the subject of recent events, but through them all can be dis- cerned the breaking out of a long restrained impatience with the EMPEROR'S naturaldisposition to meddle with everything in the spirit of one who believes himself to be a past master in all varieties of human affairs. Discontent has been simmering under an apparently quiet surface. What seemed like national admiration has been a cloak to cover an inflamed national sense of the EMPEROR'S indiscretion. Obviously the KAISER has himself known nothing of this. If he has learned of all that has been said about him in the Reichstag and elsewhere since the appearance of the famous interview, be must be at this moment the most disillusioned man in Europe. But of course he has only been permitted to learn what it was con- sidered necessary for him to know. Because he did not know too much his reconciliation with his Chancellor seems to have become quite easy. What is proceeding in Germany, it seems to us, is a quiet revolution. Without noise, without Sturm and Drang (as the Germans themselves might say), the popular will is gradually asserting itself as the controlling power in the State. Whilst the KAISER has seemed to be drifting towards absolutism, the people, not only of Prussia, but of Germany at large, have been thinking of constitu- tionalism in its broader and more enlightened forms. On the future method of government the "Daily Telegraph" interview has given them an opportunity of expressing opinions which must for a long time past have been suppressed with some difficulty,as may be guessed from the sullen 1 and determined energy with which they now find expression. Not even in Germany, as it now clearly appears, is this a favourable time for any attempt to revive personal government. The people simply would not have it. They are deter- mined not only that the Sovereign shall not act without his ministers, but that Ministers shall be responsible not only to the S wereign but to their own representatives. The attainment of this second object is not as yet a question of the moment, it May be, but it is probably not a very long way off. It may be reserved for Germany, to do by perfectly quiet and orderly means what some other countries have only accomplished by violent revolutions.

The EMPEROR himself, it must be admitted, is behaving admirably. His treatment of PRINCE BUELOW could scarcely be bettered. He has acted as if he were the pardoning and forgiving party, and yet without undue ostentation, and even, as it would seem, with a certain gentleness. It is ' probable that he has promised his Chancellor not to give any further interviews to gentlemen of the Press, either English or American, but he has done this as if he were receiving the Chancellor's own submission. He has eaten the leek whilst appearing to present it to others. He wears his stigma like a badge. It is a fine piece of comedy, after the manner of Moliere. But the EMPERoR. has really given up nothing except his liberty to talk at large without previously consulting his Ministers. The great constitutional questions remain where they were. As KING of Prtussri he may be absolutist if he likes. It is by a kind of condescension that he permits Parliamentary institutions to exist. They are useful to keep the people quiet, but they have no power to override the Sovereign's will. Now that a movement towards genuine Constitution- alism has set in, there presents itself a problem that is deeply interesting to the world at large. How will the EMPEROR behave ? Will he (to use Mr. CHAMBERLA IN'S favourite phraee) "take it lying down F"

Ouour ITo USE GLASSES.—In order to answer this question it is necessary to test the sight. This is done and all information given willingly.—JOHNSTON WATSON, EYESIGHT TESTING Rooms, 81, Bridge-street, Warrington. Prices including testing : steel spectacles from 2s. 6d.,Rolled Gold from is. 6., Solid ,Gold from 21s.—Advt.

The Borough Member gave THE MEMBER further evidence of his keen

===== 0002601_19081121_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
AND SPORT.

interest in sport on Satur- day, for in addition to witnessing the great struggle betwen Warrington and the Australians at Wilderspool, he made an appropriate speech of welcome to the Colonial visitors at the subsequent convivial gathering and later presided at the annual prize distribution in connection with the Warriugton and District Bowling Association, of which he is the president. Mr. Crosfield's speech at each gathering was most interesting and the Australians appeared pleased with his well-merited tribute to the way in which their Colony is coming to the fore, not only in different branches of sport but in more serious walks of life. The Member kias always been a warm supporter of bowls and in his remarks before the Bowling Association he dwelt upon the phenomenal progress of that pastime and also had something to say about its great antiquity. Local trundlers would probably be surprised to hear that even in the days of Richard 11. bowls was fast becoming a craze in this country and such dire consequences were feared that a law was passed to discourage it. The game was never more popular than it is to-day, and it is a I pleasing sign of the times that workingmen are disposed to devote so much of their spare time to this healthful outdoor recreation rather than to sitting in the public-house.

The third reading of the WHAT WILL THE Licensin2 Bill was carried LORDS D 3 P in the House of Commons

yesterday evening by 350 votes to 113,—majority 237. This is surely emphatic enough evidence of the conviction held by the people's representatives that licensing reform is imperative and that the Governmeat Bill is a necessary piece of legislation. We can imagine the Trade offering up the heartfelt prayer: Good Lords deliver us I But if the Commons are to count for anything in the Government of the country their mandate must be obeyed when it , comes with such force and directness. The Lords will do well to pause and rtflact before they fly in the face of the country on such a matter as licensing reform. SD many of them have not clean hands that a rejection of the Bill now to be submitted from the Lower House can only inflame the anger and stiffen the will of the people. Sir Henry .Campbell-Bannerman, of revered memory, warned the Lords that "the will of the people shall prevail," and such a warning had best be heeded in a crisis like the present. The people are liable on provocation, to display • intolerance of their hereditary legislators. The Premier, in moving the third reading, expounded the main arguments for the Bill in masterly style. S.) far as reasoned logic can carry weight he stated an unanswerable case. He pointed out that no less than six weeks of Parlia- mentary time had been spent on the Bit—there- fore it cannot be contended for a moment in " another place" that it is an ill-considered measure. Mr. Asquith challenged criticism: Was it disputed that there was an excess of licences as compared with reasonable requirements, and could anyone suggest a more equitable way of getting rid of the redundant licences than that which had been put forward by the Govern- ment P It was common ground in all parties of the State that the community carght to have the right of mouopaly value. If the contention now put forward, that the interest in a licence was a freehold, were correct—and here the Premier gave the Tories and the Trade a poser—why was it that in Mrupalfour's 1904 Act compensation was payable noOty the commanity but by the Trade? Finally, Mr. Asquith said that the Bill was the first serious and solid attempt in our time to pass a measure of temperance reform. Whatever might be its fate elsewhere it was sufficient for him that it represented the considered judgment of the Commons.

Nothing in the world can Tau LZAGUE OF quite take the place of PERSONAL SERVICE. personal service, and the appeal of Mrs. Asquith, Mrs. Gladstone, the Duke of Norfolk, Llrd Salisbury, Mr. (Jerald Balfour, Mr. Arthur Henderson, and the rest for volunteers who will undertake to visit their poorer neighbours in London represents a need more general and profound than any hard- ship of the season in crowded centres. There is no help in the world like human relationship, and the vital communication of sympathy. But no work needs more knowledge, character, tact and enthusiasm. The scheme consists in setting the workers each to look after a small group of house- holds under a system devised by the Central (Unemployed) thdy and the Charity Organisation Society. The visitation by itself is excellent, but the visitor will find many ways of practically befriending h's new acquaintat.ces, and not the least of the values of the scheme should be a quickened sense of individual responsibility to one's immediate neighbours in all the ordinary affairs of life. One may get to know the struggling local trader better, and ignore the Parisian house. London has no peculiar need for such a league of service which other places do not share. Every urban centre and some rural places require the wise organisation of personal ministration. The example of the London Committee is an admirable one and deserves to be followed in many directions.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

[Fitom OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.]

A week devoted almost exclusively to the Licensing Bill has been dominated by an anxious desire for " intelligent anticipation" of the future. What will be tbe fate of the Bill in the Upper House ? Will the Lords sacrifice social reform to purely party con- siderations, and ruthlessly throw out the measure on the second reading? And speculation has been not less busy with the chances of success attending the compromise which the Government have been strenuously labouring to establish in the Education _controversy. On Wednesday and Thursday of last week the Port of London Bill was carried through the Committee stage. On the latter day, too, Mr. Asquith made an important statement in relation to the Govern- ment's view of the Two Power standard, and a motion to adjourn the House in order to discuss a circular issued by the Local Government Board was met by a frank declaration from the Prime Minister that the intention of his promised concessions to the Unem- ployed had been misconstrued by the Board. The annual Conference of the National Union of Conserva- tive and Constitutional Associations, which met this week at Cardiff, reaffirmed that " practical unity of purpose" in the pursuit of Tariff Reform to which the Party is always being " finally committed." But in spite of this finality the fact remains, as the " Morning Post" pointed out in a pained and bewildered manner, that Mr. Balfour barked discussion of Tariff Reform in the debate upon Unemployment.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FLAW- IN THE -OPPOSITION'S CASE.

There is a funadmental weakness in the case of the Opposition against the- Licensing Bill which neither dialectical skill nor vehement denunciation can con- ceal. This appeared very clearly in the verbal duel between Mr. Balfour and Mr. Herbert Samuel on Monday. It is impossible for Mr. Balfour to maintain that the property in a licence is freehold. Not only would the contention be too flagrantly contradicted by the authorities of the Law Courts, but it is barred by unambiguous testimony of the Act of 1901. If the property in a licence is on the same footing as property in railways or land, why did that Act raise com- pensation on the surviving licences, and not out of public funds ? Mr. Samuel left the Leader of the Opposition no loophole by which he could escape from the confession that a time-limit in itself was not open to objection. The Opposition refuse to entertain the idea of a time-limit at all, and yet they cannot deny that, even iron their point of view, it only requires certain conditions to make a time-limit equitable. They protest that compensation which is not based on the principle of an absolute property in a licence is sheer robbery ; yet they themselves, when in office passed a measure to make licence-holders pay their own compensation. WHO HAS BEEN SHAKING CREDIT? Lord Lansdowne used language about the Licensing Bill at the Junior Carlton Club last week which Mr. Birrell has rightly described as "ominous." It bore a sinister significance, coming from the master of many legions in the House of Lords. And he and Mr. o oar Law have both been talking with a great show ° earnestness about the shock which the Government

has given to credit. As far as the shock has bean the result of acts, it is by giving pensions to the aged poor and by reducing the sugar-tax, 80 these ingenious critics would suggest, that the Government has injured credit. But it is by words rather than by deeds, they insinuate, that the injury has been done. This mis- chievous nonsense has gone on far too long. If any feeling of insecurity has really been engendered, it is the restless calumnies of the Opposition that are wholly responsible. They are quite ready to shake public confidence in the Government by attributing to it the wildest and most improbable designs, trust- ing that the Government and not they will be credited with any harm that may ensue. But this Government, which they represent as the enemy of commerce and industry, have proved their desire and capacity to benefit British trade by such legislation as the Patents Act, by grappling with the problem of reorganizing the Port of London, and by averting or putting an end to formidable conflicts of interest between Capital and Labour. In three years the present Government have accomplished more for industrial efficiency and peace than than the Adminis- trations of Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour even attempted in a decade.

A MISUNDERSTANDING REMOVED.

The misunderstanding which centred round a Local Government Board circular to Distress Committees, and which led to a motion by Mr. Henderson for the adjournment of the House on Thursday, the 12th, was easily removed. Mr. Asquith, in making his state- ment of what the Government proposed to do for unemployment, announced that the two disqualifica- tions involved in having received Poor Relief, or of having been engaged upon relief work during either of the two preceding months, would be removed in order that deserving cases might be relieved by the Distress Committee. The Local Govern- ment Board circular instructed the Distress Committees that they would be free to use their dis- cretion in regard to these disqualifications. The Labour Party drew attention, through Mr. Henderson's motion for adjournment, to a discrepancy that was apparently of a very pronounced character. In reality, the difficulty was mainly a matter of phraseology. The effect of the circular was to draw the attention of the Committees to two facts; first, that applicants we no longer disqualified, as they had been, on the score of having received Poor Relief, or having been employed on relief works ; secondly, that, of course, this change did not absolve the Com- mittees from the obligation of discriminating between deserving and undeserving cases. But Mr. Asquith very properly hastened, as soon as his attention was called to this misconception that had arisen, to make it perfectly clear that his promise would be fulfilled both in the letter and the spirit. The Labour Party immediately recognised the generous spirit in which he was acting.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
A GREAT HOPE.

When a compromise is being negotiated in a con- troversy of long standing that has its roots in deep strata of prejudice and principle, it is never safe to be sanguine even in the last stage of it all. Each party to the controversy regards the concessions that have already been made, not as a reason why one more and final concession should be made, but as a cumulative reason against any further movement. It would be rash to hope too much from the remarkable progress that has been made towards an effective compromise in the Education controversy. It is, however, of the greatest importance that the public should realise to the full the enormous benefit which would accrue from a settlement of the embittered disputes that have been so long impairing national efficiency by. making a truly national system of education. It is a great achievement on Mr. Runciman's part to have carried matters so far, and if the enormous boon of educa- tional efficiency should now at last be proved to have been reached through educational peace, then, as Lord Crewe said at the Colston banquet, it would be ingratitude to forget the yeoman service that Mr. Birrell did to the same cause by his tact, fairness,and impariality, when he was at the Board of Education, although his efforts were frustrated by extremists in the House of Lords. Successful compromises are rarely achieved except over the wreck of others that just failed of success.

GREAT BRITAIN'S NECESSITY. The memorandum of Mr. Alfred Marshall on Free Trade and Tariff Reform, which has been published in a Parliamentary paper, deserves the most careful con- sideration from all thoughtful men. Mr. Marshall, admittedly one of the greatest, perhaps the greatest, of living economists, is neither a partisan nor a pedant. He judges economic policy by practical results, not by the degree to which it conforms to economic formula. There are three points in his memorandum which are specially notable. First, he discovers in the process by which high-minded men have defended a preferential policy an inclination to ignore the urgent practical reasons which commend it to its strongest supporters—the material advantages it gives to one section of the community. Here, he says, is a dangerous opening for self-deception. Secondly, without laying down a dogmatic, absolute rule, he affirms that, as a practical result, the con- sumer pays the import duties. Lastly, and most important of all, he declares that the industrial well- being of Great Britain is dependent on special con- ditions which make Free Trade necessary for its existence.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Visitor in X-ray department of hospital to Radio- grapher (who has answered many questions): " What would you see if you turned the X•rays on a dog's chest ? Weary Radiog,rapher : "The seat of his pants." * *

It was startling news to the audience at the missionary meeting at Wycliffe Memorial Hall, on Tuesday evening, to hear from a lady who has worked in Samoa that the natives of those islands were exceedingly fond of Epsom salts. How tastes differ!

Big Bill Taft ! the New President of the United States, is said to combine physical bulk with native politeness in an uncommon degree. It is related of him that he once rose from his seat in a tramcar to allow three ladies to sit down. Bill is a great man, but they wouldn't have him in the Metropolitan Fire Brigade! * * *

The Education Committee's sprats bid fair to make full-sized mackerel at an early date. During the past season, 800 boys from fifteen public elementary schools in the Borough have attended at the public baths once a week, and they have all learnt to swim to some extent, 200 of them being able to swim at least one length, 150 at least one breadth, and the remainder at least half a breadth. * * *

The Borough Member's ambitions are not all realised yet. Addressing the members of the Bowling Association on Saturday evening, Mr. Crosfield. said : " I don't mind telling you," " that if ever my ship comes in—(laughter)—and I can afford to do a little bit on my own, I have at the back of my mind a little project of a pretty brown trout stream where those silvery finny darters abound, in that bonny land of Scotland—in fact, a small stream on the west coast there, and a turn at the sea trout when they are running after a spate in July, comes about as near my ideal of human happiness as anything I know of." If, when his ship comes in, Mr. Crosfield does indulge in a trout stream on the West Coast of Scotland we hope the cargo will e large enough also to allow a golf course near Warrington. With a " town" house and a trout stream offering their inducements to Mr. Crosfield, we should need something stronger even than the perfume at Bank Quay to attract him to Warrington as often as he would be welcome. We are not, of course, overlooking the fact that he might still be Member for Warrington in addition. * *

An air of excitement pervaded our local Parliament on Thursday evening for it was known that the fate of the Government was trembling in the balance. As events turned out, the Right to Work Bill filled the majority of the hon. members with such alarm that the Ministry were defeated. But they were not dis- graced, for only by a single vote were their proposals rejected. There will be no dissolution. The Govern- ment will continue to hold the reins of power until the end of the session, when the Tories will have a chance of showing what they can do. We hope they will lose no time in embodying their tariff reform views, which they are so fond of proclaiming at every conceivable opportunity, in the form of a Dili, for Free Traders are always prepared to buckle on the armour and defend their cause in debate. At the same time, if the Tories desire to retain office long, they will be well advised in relegating tariff reform to a back place for, as far as can be judged, the House does not appear to be enamoured of this panacea for all our ills. However, we shall see.

In view of the inquiry into the explosion at the Maypole Cannel Mine in the Wigan coalfield a corres- pondent of the "Morning Post" recalls the fact that the Wigan district has been famous for its cannel coal for over 200 years. In olden times it was called candle coal, from the fact that before gas was utilised as an illuminant it served on winter evenings for candle light as well as coal fire. It is a hard, splinter- ing coal, and the colliers hewing it are covered with blue marks, almost like indistinctly pricked tattoo figures. It was the custom in the olden times to turn this coal in the lathe and make all manner of curious carvings in coal. Visitors to Wigan were accustomed to see a variety of quaint articles sculptured out of the hard cannel coal of the district by local workmen, who were artists after their fashion. The coal took a polish as fine as black marble, • and there is a record to show that more than two centuries ago a present of dressing-boxes made of Cannel coal was sent to the Queen of Prussia from Wigan.

* * Many of our readers will recall the articles written by Mr. Henry Whitham about the corruption and "graft " for which San Francisco has become notorious. With a new city, efforts are being 'nide to bring about a purer administration, and one of the first steps was the arrest of Abraham Ruef, the Mayor, on charges which we should describe here as " using his public position very much to his private advantage. Mr. Heney, the assistant district attorney of San Francisco, is one of a group of public-spirited men, and it is in this cause of municipal purity that he has suffered violence at the hands of a scoundrel who shot him at close quarters whilst sitting in the court during the trial of Abraham Ruef, and afterwards committed suicide in prison. Mr. Heney had an almost miraculous escape from instant death, for the shot was fired at his head within a distance of three feet. The latest accounts give strong hopes that he will recover from his wound and be able to carry on his compaign against the forces of corruption. * * * Groat Sankey farmers are up in arms against the harriers. Their complaint is that these fleet-footed sportsmen do damage to crops and fences in the district and7so seriously do they regard the question that Mr. H. Fairclough, himself a farmer, brought it forward at the meeting of the Sankey Parish Council on Monday evening. Of course, the Council was powerless to take action but the farmers were advised to memorialise the harriers' clubs and if this had not the desired effect to prosecute in cases where damage could be proved. We are certain that the harriers will view the matter in a reasonable light and that if there is just ground for the complaint they will see that it is removed. Cross-country running is a healthy sport and worthy of every encouragement but the farmers must be treated with consideration and doubtless the local clubs will be only too willing to respect their rights. . .

* * * The " Morning Post" is again lamenting that tbe Opposition will not attack the Government on unem- ployment by preaching Tariff Reform as the cure. ILL a leading article on the subject we read that this policy mght involve temporary co-operation with the Labour members, whose ideas of a remedial policy are of a contrary order " : Yet it is surely not against the traditions of British politics for parties or groups which have nothing else in common to unite for the purpose of turning out a Government they agree ill distrusting. Ths test, however, of this sort of strategy is whether it succeeds. We cannot imagine the Labour party or Socialists forming an unholy alliance with the Tariff Reformers to turn out the Government. Why, even Victor Grayson would prefer a Liberal Governmen to a Tariff Reform regime. The "Morning Post must try again!

===== 0002601_19081121_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MMIMEEI

===== 0002601_19081121_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
* * * The new standing order of the Town Council which prohibits any member from being chairman or deputy chairman of more than two Committees came into operation this week when the Committee appointments were made. There have been few changes which may be considered drastic, but we hardly think the Sanitary Works Committee has gained by the sub- stitution of Councillor Sankey as chairman, and Councillor Wilson as deputy-chairman for Alderman John Evans and Alderman Smethurst. Whatever qualifications they have displayed in Committee, the two first-named gentlemen have hardly distinguished themselves in the Council meetings except by main- taining a discreet silence when contentious topics have been on the carpet. Alderman Evans has rendered very valuable service as chairman of the Sanitary Works Committee, and without his guidance one cannot have quite the same confidence in this important department's efficiency. The Great Wall of Chin: was measured in many places by Mr. lintlank, an American engineer lately engaged on a survey for a Chinese railway. His measurements give the height at 18ft., and a width on top of 15ft. Every few hundred yards there is a tower 25ft. square and from 201 t. to 451 t. high. The foundation of the wall is solid granite. Mr. Unthank brought with him a brick from the wall, which is supposed to have been made 200 years before the Itime of Christ. In building this immense stone fence to keep out the Tartars, the builders never attempted to avoid mountains or chasms to save expense. For 1,300 miles the wall goes over plain and mountain, and every foot of the found- ation is in solid granite and the rest of the structure solid masonry. In some places the wall is built smooth up against the bank, or canyons, or precipi i ces, when there s a sheer descent of I,oooft. Small streams are arched over, but in the larger streams the wall runs to the water's edge and a tower is built on each side. On the top of the wall there are breastworks, or defences, facing in and out, so the defending force can pass from one tower to the other without being exposed to any enemy from either side. To calculate the time of building or cost of this wall is beyond human skill. So far as the magnitude of the work is concerned, it surpasses everything in ancient or modern times of which there is any trace. The pyramids of Egypt are nothing compared to it.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BIRRELL MEETING.

Great interest is being manifested in the visit to Warrington, next Saturday evening, of the Right Hon, Augustine Birrell, K.C., M.P., (Secretary for Ireland). At all Mr. Birrell's recent public appearances he has been heckled or interrupted, more or less, by the suffragettes, and they will doubtless be in evidence at Warrington next SaturdaP Special precautions are being taken by the Liberal Association to ensure Mr. Birrell a quiet and sym- pathetic hearing, and no lady will be admitted to the Parr Hall without a special signed ticket from the Liberal headquarters. The chair will be taken at 7.30 by Mr. Chas. E. Parker (President of the Liberal Association), who will be supported by Mr. A. ll.Crosfield,ll P.,Mr.A.. J. King, M.P., Mr. W. J. Crossley, M.P., and Mr. George Harwood, M.P.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
OUT-OF-WORK TRAGEDIES. -- Pathetic Cases at Warrington.

Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at I the Warrington Police Station yesterday into the circumstances of the death of Joseph Hall, twenty- eight, who lodged in Knutsford-rotul, whose body was recovered from the Mersey at Howley on Thursdal morning. William Hipkiss, uncle of the deceased, said that - about three weeks ago he saw his nephew, when he asked for employment, as he was out of work. Hall , was very much depressed, and the fact that he had been out of work for some time seemed to prey on his mind. ~ William Bamford, who lodged will Hall, said that oa. Monday night Hall was very restless and rambling. During the night on hearing a noise, witness awoke hurriedly and saw Hall leap through the open wiadovr. . which overlooked the river. A search was made along .• the bank of the river, but no trace could be found. The . body was afterwards recovered by Captain Byfleld. of ' the Runcorn Grappling Corps. This is the ninety-ninth body which has been recovered by the Runcorn Grap- , plin fly Corps since its formation ten years ago. The jury returned a verdict of " Suicide whilst of unsound mind." , Mr. Jones also held an inquest on the body of Joh?), Worsley, ironworker, aged forty-six, of Chester-street, who committed suicide by hanging himself in an out- building at the rear of his house on Wednesday last. It was stated by the wife of the deceased that in February last her husband sprained his shoulder. Since then he had done very little work, and this seemed to ~ upset him. Oa Wednesday morning she missed him oat of bed, and on going downstairs found him hanging by' - al clothesline in the outbuilding. A verdict of " Suicide whilst of unsound mind"

returned. For Influenza and Bronchial Coughs,Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is. lid., 2s. Od.—Advt.

JOHN WALKER & C 0.,. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS PAPER RULERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, " EXAMINER " OFFICE,

.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. We would remind our readers that Dr. Frank Ballard will preach at the Bold-street Wesleyan Church to-morrow (Sunday). In the morning his -subject will be "Saints "and in the evening "Sinners." At 2.30 in the afternoon a united meeting of the Circuit Bible Classes will be held when Dr. Ballard will speak on "Environment." Mr. John Upson will preside. On Monday evening Dr. Ballard will lecture On "Christianity and Socialism." questions are invited. Mr. E. J. Guest will preside. The Rev. William Young, of Manchester, will preach at Presbyterian services in connection with St. John's Church to-morrow (Sunday). At Wycliffe Congregational Church to-morrow (Sunday) evening the Rev. John Yonge will preach a sermon, specially for young people, on The Best Heritage" After the service there will be a "Social hour "in the Memorial Hall. Mr. Victor Grayson, M.P. and Mr. W. C. Anderson will be the chief speakers at a Socialist demonstra- tion in the Parr Hall on Monday evening. The Warrington Women's Suffrage Society will hold a public meeting in the Co-operative Hall on Tuesday evening. The chief speakers will be Miss Hoyden and Miss Lucy Broadbent, M.A. The Rev. C. Harvey Cook will preside. The annual meeting of the Warrington District Nursing Association will be held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. Mrs. A. H. Crosfield will open the annual sale of work in aid of Christ Church, Latchford, to be held in the Parish Room, Grappenhall-road, on Thursday next. Miss Thirza Potts,M.A..will deliver an address before the Women's Liberal Association at the Liberal Club on Thursday evening on "The Licensing Bill. The Right Hon. Augustine Birrell, K.C., MP., will speak at the Parr Hall on Saturday evening next, -'2Bth inst. Herr Backbaus and Madame Ella Russell will give a concert at the Parr Hall on Monday, the 30th inst. The Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Forshaw) will hold an " At Home " at the Town Hall on Thursday, December 3rd. The annual parochial tea in connection with the Warrington Parish Church will be held in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening next. Tea will be followed by dancing and entertainments. Liberal Women's Soiree. We understand that the Women's Liberal Associa- tion have decided to hold a Soiree—whist and dancing at an early date.

Women and the Licensing Bill. Miss Thirza Potts, will give an address at the Liberal Club on Thursday, November 26th, at 7.30 Pm. on the Licensing Bill. The meeting will be under the auspices of the Women's Liberal A ssocia- tion, but men are also invited.

-Gruesome Discovery in the River. The headless body of a man, in an advanced state of decomposition was discovered on Sunday afternoon by Police-canstable Corlett, on a sandbank, in the Mersey, at Pen keth. The left foot was missing, and the clothing is unrecognisable. The height of the man is, apparently, 51t. Gin. There was a boot on -the right foot, and a black leather cigarette case and a dirty silk handkerchief were found in the clothing. The body appears to have been buried in the sand about twelve months. At the inquest on Tuesday a 'verdict of " Found drowned " was returned. BRASS AND COPPER BEARTII SUITES, see window display for new and artistic patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. "Wyciffe P.S.A. A well-attended open meeting of this exaellsnt society was held on Sunday. Mr. William Beswick presided and Mr. J. Walley, of Manchester, gave the address, which was full of humour and instruction, and was listened to with unabated interest. The Chairman read the lesson and led in prayer. Mr. 'Herbert Plumbton satyr " The God of Abraham" and " Behold I stand at the door," and Mr.E.Smith played two trombone solos," Dream of Paradise "and "Arm, arm ye brave," and all the items were well received. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. Five new members received a hearty welcome. A v )te of con- dolence was passed with the widow and family of the 'late Mr.o wen Gough who pased away in the infirmary after an operation, and the secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) was instructed to send them a copy of it. Corporation Committees. The various committees of the Town Hall have made the following appointments of chairmen and deputy- chairmen :—Sanitary Works Committee : Councillor Sankey, chairman ; Councillor Wilson, deputy- chairman. Paving and Sewerage Committee: Alder- man Tinnion, chairman ; Councillor Pemberton, deputy-chairman. Cemetery Committee : Councillor Craik, chairman ; Councillor Barton, deputy-chair- man. Markets Committee : Councillor Evans, chair- man ; Councillor Lord, deputy-chairman. Fire Engine 'Committee : Alderman Burton, chairman; Councillor Barton, deputy-chairman. Water Committee : Alder- man Evans, chairman ; Councillor Fulton-Smith, deputy-chairman. Health Committee : Councillor Evans, chairman ; Alderman Burton, deputy-chair- man. Electricity and Tramways Committee : Alderman Smethurst, chairman ; Councillor Wilkiason, deputy.chairman. Watch Committee : The Mayor, chairman ; Alderman Smethurst, deputy-chairman. Street Improvement Committee : Alderman Bennett, chairman ; Councillor Lord, deputy-chairman. Museum Committee ; Alderman Bennett, chairman ; Mr. T. J. Ridgway, deputy-chairman. Gas Committee: Alderman Pierpoint, chairman ; Alderman Evans, deputy-chairman. Towns Committee : Councillor Pemberton, chairman ; Councillor Roberts, deputy- chairman.

Warrington Co-operative Society. The Educational Committee of the above Society held the second of their educational meetings on Thursday night in Bold-street khool which was crowded to its utmost capacity. Mr. W. Haigh pre- sided, and spoke of the progressive work of the society and its rapid increase of members and business. He alluded to the boot department, which taking the returns of the last 10 months, was £1,700 in advance of the corresponding 10 months of last year. They were prepared to do a great deal more, with the 9,000 members at their backs, and he hoped for an even greater loyally to the society's work. The Principal item of the evening was the re-appearance - of Mr.Barnish Barnsdale, the elacutionist,of Rochdale, who, as upon previous occasions, kept the large gathering spell-bound. The hour and a half recital seemed as a few minutes, so intense was the interest taken in his delineations. The Co-operative employees' Male Voice Choir sang two pieces very creditably : "In absence " and " Crusaders." Mr. aohn W. Willett sang, " Ailva Mine " and "The Evening Song "in very pleasing style, and for an encore gave " The Sailor's Grave." Mr. Willett is quite a favourite at these concerts and his items were well received. Miss Jessie Farrar was the accompanist The chairman was accompanied on the platform by Mr. Thomas Wadsworth (president of the society), Mr. T 3. Farrar (chairman of the Educational Committee), J. Jarman (secretary of the society), Mr. Cook and Mr. Rushton (members of the Educational Committee.) 'Tea and Concert at Legh-street. The quarterly tea and concert in connection with Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church which was held onThursday evening was provided by the married ladies of the church. A goodly number partook of tea and the room was crowded for the concert. Mrs. W. , Crampton presided (in the unavoidable absence of Mrs. J. B. Buglass) and after a brief address intro- duced the first item—a chorus " The Bells of St. Michael's Tower "which was well rendered in two Parts, as was also the glee " Laugh then, Laugh " rendered later. A notable personage at these gather- ings is the oldest member of the church, Mrs. Mather who rendered with true pathos the recitation "The Niodel Church." Mrs. Bennett was heard to advantage in the recitation " Warriors of the sea." as was also Mrs. Cowap in " A Lady sold by auction," and Mrs. Mills in "My Fern Lectures " and " The Factory Chimney." Mrs. Levi Jones very ably rendered the songs " A Dream of Paradise" and Ora Pro Nobis." Two amusing and inetructive sketches were given in a style which evoked the Plandits of the audience, the titles of which were 'Wanted a servant" and " That piece of silk." The tit-bit of the evening was a trio " Three old maids of Lee" sung by Mesdames Bennett, Dutton and Spruce, Who on coming to the last verse turned with their backs to the audience and were found to be arrayed in Masks representing old maids faces, aprons, bows, Az., the effect being exceedingly funny. This was loudly siPplanded and had to be repeated. In addition to 043 above mentioned ladies Mesdames Allinson, Cook, Dodd, Elwell, Parkes, Swales and Griffiths also took in the dialogues, choruses, Ac. Miss Annie ~t.,:ttchett ably acted as accompanist. Rev. J. B. nuutlass in proposing a vote of thanks said the ladies Lad done extremely well. The evening was brought t 0 a close by singing the doxology.

- - .

Warrington Woman's Circle. On Sunday there was a goad audience for a white , ribbon meeting. Mrs. Harvey-Cook presided, offered prayer, and spoke on woman's influence in moulding character. The speakers, Mrs. Milne and Mrs. Simpson, were a deputation from the B.W.T.A. The soloist was Miss L. Plinston and the girls' choir sang "Same glad thy," " We are daughters of a King," and " We belong."

Bewsey-road Wesley Guild. At a meeting of this Guild on Alonday evening an interesting lecture on " Wensleydale " was delivered, the slides being kindly supplied by the Great Northern Railway Company. All the beauty spots in the "playground of England" were depicted, s mh views as those of Bolton Abbey, Knaresborongb, Harrogate, Fountain Abbeys and the river Nid being greatly admired. Mr. W. Parkinson had charge of the lantern and Miss Reeling supplied the connective readings to the various views.

Evangelistic Service. An evangelistic ssrvice in connection with the 11_11.d-street Wesleyan Bible class was held in the schoolroom on Sunday evening after the ordinary services in the church. Mr. Peter Wood presided and was supported on the platform by Mr. J. C. Holland (president), Hr. Whitmore (secretary), Mrs. Sutton (who officiated as organist), Mr. Dean (soloist), and the Rev. T. Miller who gave an ,encouraging addres on " two P's —progress and poverty." Mr. Walter Twigs also took part in the service.

Wesleyan Band of Hope, Latchford. In connection with the above a cinematograph,enter- tainment was given on Tuesday in the schoolroom, to a crowded audience by Mr. W. Parkinson, and the testimony of all present, young and old, was that a finer lot of pictures had never been seen in Warring- ton.—Mr. 11. S. Atkin had charge of the meeting, and explained its objects. Thanks are duo to the com- mittee for providing such a pleasant evening's enter- tainment at so small a charge. Warrington Philomathic Society. . • - • •

A meeting of the above Societ; was held in Gregory's Cafe on Wednesday. A mock municipal election took place, which was both interesting and amusing. There were three candidates, a Conserva- tive, an Independent, and a Socialist, each of whom held a separate meeting and had his own chairman. The audience was composed of 'members of the Society who were allowed at the close of each meeting to put questions to the candidate. The members voted for the candidate who, in their opinion, delivered the best speech ; this resulted in the Independent being elected Penny Popular Concerts. _

_ An excellent programme and a largo and enthusiastic audience were the outstanding features of the sixth of this season's concerts which was held in Bold-street Wesleyan Schoolroom on Saturday evening. Mrs. Sanders (nee Miss Lily Fairhurst) gave several solos with great taste, and songs were also admirably rendered by Master Friar (Xfauch,2ster Cathedral choir), and Messrs. Hamblett and Greenhough. A. dozen juvenile mandolinists gave several selections in a way which greatly pleased the audience. Mr. E. A. Sanders supplied the humour with his usual success. Dance at the Parr Hall.

The annual tea party and dance in connection with the Church of the Sacred Heart were held at the Parr Hall on Monday evening, about 250 persons being present. An excellent tea was provided by the ladies' committee. The music for dancing was supplied by Mr. Blake's baud, and the M.C.'s were Messrs. J. llossiter, G. Newton and H, Crowe. The arrangements were admirably carried out by the Sacred Heart Y.M.S. committee and a nurnb3r of ladies.—The Revs. Father Ryan and Walsh° were present. During an interval in the programme Miss Susie Fastens sang "Come back to Erin," in a very pleasing manner, and was loudly applauded. Commercial Traveller's Action.

At the Warrington County Court on Thurshy, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.O , George Brown, commercial traveller, Ash Cottage,Lymrn,sued. the International Tool Supply Co., Birmingham, for £5O salary and commission alleged to be due from Ist July to date and damages for breach of agreement. —Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Dowsett, barrister (instructed by Messrs. Philip Baker and Co., Birmingham) represented the defend- ants. Plaintiff alleged that the agreement entered into on June 17th was that he should receive 255. a weekend commission, and a trader's contract ticket between Liverpool and Leeds. The agreement was not sent to him for signature until September 27th but in the meantime he had been travelling for the company and had made inquiries at the request of Mr. J. H. Peterson, who was practically the owner of the concern. He had not receive I either remuneration or the ticket.—ln cross-examination plaintiff admitted that he had not obtained a single order since July Ist, but he attributed that to the fact that he was not supplied with catalogues and lists.— For the defence it was alleged that one condition of the agreement was that the orders sent in must be £260 . per quarter and if plaintiff failed to obtain orders to that extent he must refund to the company a percentage of 5 per cent, on the deficiency. Plaintiff never sent an order and they did not consider there was a binding contract until the agreement was signed. The reason it was not sent to plaintiff earlier for signature was that summer holidays caused a delay.-- His Honour amended the claim t one for services rendered and gave judgment for the plaintiff for witb costs. He also gave judgement for the plaintiff on a counter-claim which defendants had entered against him in regard to a purchase which he made on their

===== 0002601_19081121_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BACKHAUS-ELLA RUSSELL

CONCERT.

- 10-- - - - '4,2: • .:, •;,.....,,N....--4.---•-•s,-;•;e7=M•mf..g. .ORVe ezit:4,Ato.lPlOV;:ini,,,-4'W."-*;:ift4;;WK:MiN.46. at;:„.• - iligWo,•%itiiNgmo-ge,tez.zioai.: V5.41,i•0.,:•5r,V10,:‘,0,04.,:- .giiiiMi*.i'o,4:*,*.Wvii• vatkw.9.;:o•NV: .v. • .x:%:s:igaliMPsl,4),W4, i vbr.:fpx.,gr.,?l,,ga,mviußamiisw. AvveNt.:......4.olitenazioviakoit p00...ut0 isvovrtetwitzugo of4...s..Auv***if.clop,tta,**44l:o,.• 5atvg,.2,..vvvi.,,,v0,-Agotvagtsmt*„...: • ..e.,„.A.w.4.;%...„0:i.-.7A.,,0w.A,,,,,..,,,:50ta,.,,...4,-.,,,,v, mg*-mitunp. * :.,,iiimAkv,=:gAw.,t - ..t....,,:;t4..ii;•,,...-,,, .• •:s'4,l***,.:;:io.iv.-4.. .9-;›,,z,.'w,.•',:-mts.., i.vz-•-•••,,,,,x,-.-..,:m.f.i.,.0,-*,,tAft.:4A• ~,,c,241,,frktm.,..;..twAAt:.4£•••-•• ,W.4.,:7- o_,V4p-•:-,,-'5c,,,,t,.."'&:'.',-,'',.,4mt.-"::.0;:,:%,:mi'ma.....nim..givi:N%.: ~,,,,,,n;:.:.:,..,1,,:.•"-.. ..70A.,:,,4,,,,,,,,,i.**,,,,,,,,,;,,,,N, e...-.4-,x7fetz.•.,mtat.4,....fr:i*.wrow:::.w... ~..i::,k.f • ..., QM 04' .4,.• :.-','.l.VAFt.4.,3•Mn.,.,.''Mat ;w:mte.l.4:4a-,,AzO•V' . :-'':.••;':10t*; kVA*: --•:IO4Cra.II44MLO 4-C.:4:::* , IW...lialia4AVVE,l 'r•.:, .:::.**3, J ~,..Y..0%-te..W';l"."-i•50'.:,..--- !::44thtl:,;:•F.;n:''':,.< 4,.01:i.'..,.. 1.,:;:*'%, :,,• ~,,......,,,A,A:x.:,,,, 5p,,,p,....,1:,-,*A:.;.,];,:,..--,,, ..:i•::::,:•,;t: ~-, :; i. 4.9.8.,.....e.:,..:;14.:L5-',„.:\,,,;,.'„L,,........?:.:1-40e.g :•.:::*.',. .;-. e.,

===== 0002601_19081121_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
MADAME ELLA RUSSELL.

On Monday November 30th the famous pianist Backhaus and the world-meow-led prima donna Madame Ella Russell will make a welcome re-appear- ance at the Parr Hall, Warrington. Their pr,?sent visit is certainly to be regarded as one of the chief musical events of the season in our town. Moreover it will be their last for _at least two years as Backhaus is making a prolonged tour abroad. It is not only in England that Backhaus has won fame and fortune ; on the Continent he has even greater power. A great tribute to his remark- able Feni us was his selection for the second year in succession, and from amongst the greatest living pianists, to give a lecture course and demonstration entitled, Six weeks with Great Masters "at the Sondershausen Conservatoire. This course Backhaus has just completed with unbounded success and be returns to England for the winter season with his honours thick upon him. Amongst the many engagements of this great virtuoso this season is a tour of 25 concerts with the world's Queen of Song '—Madame Melba. The success of this tour has been phenomenal. Madame Ella Russell has long been acknowledged as one of our greatest singers and she is a prime favourite with concert-goers. In every branch of her art—opera oratoria or the concert platform—she is equally delightful and her appearances are always welcomed. The local arrangements are in the able hands of Mr. R. U. Pearson, and early application for seats should be made at his music warehouse, 75, Bridge-street, Warrington.

Take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds; it never fails. ls. lid., 2s. 9d.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, November 21, 1908.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

mum DROWNING NWSTERY.

At Ditton, on Tuesday, Coroner Brighouse held an inquest on the body of an unknown man, which was found in a pit near Ditton. The man was probably about fifty-four years of age, and was dressed in clothes which bore the stamp of the Prescot Union.— A lad named Dennett spoke to finding the body.—The Coroner stated that the authorities ought to have some system whereby inmates could be easily recognised. He understood that at least half a dozen old men were missing from the workhouse.—The jury returned a verdict of" Found drowned.'

WIDNES MAYOR'S PROCESSION. NUN ' A large concourse of people assembled at the Town Hall, Widnes, on Sunday. to witness the Mayor's pro- cession to Hartland Wesleyan Chapel, Revell-street. At 10.15 a.m the procession started, headed by the Engineers' Band, followed in rotation by the Lancashire Hussars Yeomanry, under Captain Newcombe, Hale Artillery (Captain Rimmer), Engineers, Major Sayce, Bugle Band, , Volunteer Band, Volunteers (Captain Caldwell), the Curporation, police authorities, and prominent members of the town. An eloquent sermon was preached on " Loyalty to God, Obedience to Authority, and Honour to the King," by the Rev. E. G. Charlesworth. He referred to the Mayor's past career and the active part he took in municipal matters, and also the high esteem in which he was held by the public. Reference was made to the excellent work of the ex-Mayor (Alderman S. Owens). A collection was taken, and the amount realised will be handed to the Queen's Nurse's Fund. C ISTNER-KELLNEI ALLI CD. A SATISFACTORY POSIcION.

' The annual meeting of the Castner-Kellner Alkali Company, Limited (Weston Point), was held in London, on Thursday. Mr. G. W. 13 ilfour, the chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, said the financial record of the past year had been very satisfactory. The profit has come within £930 of last year, and as that was only 1 per cent, it might be said to be practically the same. This had occurred in a year of exceptional depression, and the price of coal was very I high ; indeed, the difference in the price of coal more than covered the difference between the two years' profits several times over. They were placing this year for the first time £12,503 to a general reserve accomut. \Last year, as an old Parliamentary hand, he thought it his duty to utter a note of warning that the dividend of 12 per cent, then announced must not be taken as the , standard for subsequent years. This was regarded in some quarters as a pessimistic note, as though Ite meant to say there was some danger in the near future. He saw no such danger then, nor did he now, but in all such industrial concerns as theirs it was well to remember the conditions of trade, that competition was keener than ever, that processes of invention were more rapid and revolutionary, and that processes which were modern to-Jay might become obsolete to-morrow. The , only safeguard against this was financial stability, and during the last three years they had effected a great improvement in this respect. Since the increased prosperity of the company the directors had introduced a system of paying bonuses to the staff. This year they had extended the system to all the workmen who had been in their employ over twelve months. If it worked I well they would make it permanent. Mr. Beilby ' seconded the report, which was adopted. Sir F. E. Roscoe and Mr. Frank Liardcastle were re-elected directors.

1 A DITTON GIRL'S UNPLE ISANr ADVENTURE. A case which aroused great local interest was heard at the Widnes Police Court on Thursday. Rose Jennings, sixteen, a domestic servant, of St. Michael's-road, Ditton, summoned George Hutchinson, a sawyer, of Hale-lane, for assaulting her. Complainant stated that on the Thursday of last week she was walking from her parents' home to her situation, a mile away, along Ditchtleld-road, a long and unlighted thoroughfare. She overtook the defendant, and he opened a conversa- tion with her. He put his arm round her waist and kissed her. She asked him not to do so. Some boys passed by and the man let har go. Afterwards he I attempted to assault her. She scretmed, and he let her go. Afterwards he asked how old she was, and she told him sixteen. She arrived at her destination in an , exhausted state. She took out a summons on Saturday morninl.—The bench de3ided to redan the ease to one of common assault, and fined the defendant £:, with the alternative of a month.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWtON.

NEW CHURCH AT HAYDOCK.

On Saturday afternoon the foundation-stone of the new church of St. Mark was laid at Haydo3k by Lord Newton, who was accompanied by the Lord Bishop of Liverpool, the Rev. P. Ireland (vicar of fravdock), the Rev. T. Stoney (vicar of St. Mark's), the Hon. Hilda Legh, the Rev. Cyril Bardsley (St. Helens), Messrs. Lionel Pilkington, J. Robinson, &c. The church is being built at the Blackbrook end of Haydock, and will accommodate 550. It will be built of stone by Mr. G. Litherlaud, of St. Helens, and the interior dimensions are llift. long by 52 feet wipe. I The pulpit will be of Caen stone, with alabaster I columns, and has been specially subscribed for a.s a memorial to the late Colonel R. Pilkington, C. 8., The population of the parish is 5,300, practically all coalrniners. Lord Newton has given the site and £5OO, the Bishop of Liverpool's fund gives £5OO, and other subscriptions amount to £1,230, while the congregation I of working people have raised £1,540. This gives a total of £3,800 towards the total cost, of £4,500. The architect is Mr. E. H. Lingen Barker. The new church is, practically speaking, a " trial" in the same way as St. Paul's, Bradford (Man.), last year was Manchester's "trial" of a system inaugurated by Sir illiam Houldsworth (chairman of the Bishop of Manchester's Church Extension Fund, and those who act with him) to build thoroughly good churches to the approval of all the authorities, lay and ecclesiastical, at considerably lass cost than heretofore; and in the present case the Haydock people are saving about £l,OOO. The Bishop of Liverpool commented on the splendid effort that was being made in that part of the diocese, and thanked all who had done so much to strengthen the Church and to help that project. Lord Newton laid the foundation-stone, and said that although Haydock was a township of only 9,000 people, yet he was convinced that the new church was absolutely necessary. The work they were doing was indicative of the love of the people for the Church to which the majority of English men and women belonged. He was glad to know there had been during the past three years a great increase in the number of Sunday school children and communicants, and he joined an the hope of their bishop that the blessing of the Almighty might rest upon all connected with the parish.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

THE MAYOR AT CHURCH.

• The -Mayor of St. Helens (Councillor A. J. Foote) accompanied by members of the Council. attended service at the Parish Church on Sunday morning. The Rev. Cyril Bardsley, vicar, in the course of his sermon said such problems as unemployment, the necessaries of industry, housing, late hours for shops, &c., were all questions in whicia the Christian ought to be deeply interested. They ought all to try and help in any work that would alleviate suffering, that would conduce to health, comfort, and happiness, to give men a chance of success in life, and whatever might assist to heal the sores and bind up the wounds of the community. That morning they had with them the chief magistrate of the borough, who was one of their own number, and they united In wishing him " God-speacl" during his year of office. SUFFRAGETTE TACTICS.

At St. Helens, on Monday, the adjourned electioneer- ing cases in which John Edivards and Charles Edwards, father and son, of Speakman-road, were charged with damaging the public pavement and electric current boxes by painting election messages thereon, were brought before the Court.—Mr. Haslara Fox said he had seen the Chief Constable and Town Clerk on this matter, and he was prepared to submit to the same penalty as was imposed on other defendants on Friday —viz., 2s. Cd. including costs in one case each.—The Mayor (Councillor Foote) : It is really only to stop the disfiguring on the pavement.—Mr. Turton, deputy town-clerk, agreed to the course suggested.—Both defendants had been summoned on four informations. He would withdraw three cases against both defendants. —The magistrates agreed, and imposed a fine in one case each.

" SECONDHAND " GOODS.

INIPORTANT CASE AT Sr. HELENS. 1`76:74

A somewhat unusTral case was heard at St. Helens on Monday, when Thomas Clarke, marine-store dealer, of High-street, Prescot, was charged with dealing in secondhand goods or articles without a licence.—Mr. Turton, deputy town clerk, said that Clarke's premises in Hamer-street were kept under observation for nine days in October, and a large number of people were seen each day to go into the premises with old jars and and marine stores. When defendant's purchase-book was examined it was found that certain money had been given for the various articles. The question the bench would have to decide was whether the defendant was dealing in secondhand goods or articles. He quoted the definition of " secondhand " from the dictionary.— Detective-inspector Dunn produced the defendant's purchase-book, and said that he had repeatedly told the defendant that he was acting illegally. Mr. Wright I said the same kind of thing bad occurred at Liverpool, and Mr. Clarke had been held to be right. What he had done was not an offence within the meaning of the Act. There was no dictionary in the world that would say that rags and bones could be classed as secondhand goods or articles. Secondhand goods meant things in their original state having been used by someone else, but fit to be used again for the same purpose. About a year ago Clarke was summoned in Liverpool for deal- ing without a licence. The charged was dismissed, but the police appealed, and the decision was upheld. Exactly the same thing had taken place in St. Helens. The bench inflicted a tine of £5 and 17s. costs.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

-- Meeting and Exhibition of Banners. -- "Workingmen and the Churches." The first of a series of meetings to further the granting of the franchise to women was held in the Old The Rev. T. Miller preached on "Workingmen and Bluecoat School, Liverpool, on Monday afternoon at the Churches," at Bold-street Wesleyan Church on 3 o'clock. Sunday evening. The attitude of workingmen was I The chair was taken by Alderman Meade King who described as being that of distrust of the churches and in an able speech in support of the movement pointed not hostility to Christ. Mr. George Haw and Will out the unreasonableness of the House in not carrying Crooks. M.P., were quoted in support of this view. The out what two-thirds of its members approved of, the I causes of distrust are first ; the indifference of the figures being 420 in favour of women's suffrage out of Church to questions of social reform and its opposi- ' the 070 members. He spoke very strongly on the tion to all Acts by which a wider liberty was promised shameful treatment of the ladies who had gone to to struggling men and women. Second, the clergy of prison for their convictions, and said that such the Anglican Church were largely drawn from the ungenerous wealthier classes and in many cases dependent upon the wheat he treatment of political opponents was not he should have expected of right thinking, just- land for their income. It was the aim of recent dealing Englishmen. Commissions in the Church to widen the entrance I Miss Ellen Robinson then moved that" The exclu- into the yanks of the clergy. The ministers ' sion of women from Parliamentery Franchise is neither of the Free Churches, which were largely just nor expedient nor politically right," and went on drawn from the middle classes, had a to say that all the most intelligent men and leaders of narrow outlook due to a rigid interpretation of thought were with the movementencludingthe beloved evangelical doctrines. In dealing with the attitude of Bisho- p of Liverpool, Mr. 13 Wear and the late Sir the Church to social questions, the preacher denied Henry Campbell Bannerman, that the movement finds that the influence of the Church upon workingmen was some of its warmest supporters in the other sex, and less than previously. In other days men worshipped through fear and superstition ; the priest was invested ; that some of the best work is being done by the men's , societies in favour of the Enfranchisement of women. with magical powers ; the ritual had special saving e I Miss Robinson deplored the existeuce of an anti- fficacy ; now love and a sound mind prevailed. It suffrage movement, and closed her admirable speech by would be unwise for the Church as an institution to an expression of thankfulness for the 'progress already unite with any political party or economic theory. I made, and an assurance that the movement would he I Lebour Churches were destined to fail because a Church carried, ashether by the militant tactics of the cannot be built upon class distinotioas any more suffragettes, or by the patience and perserverance of 1 ! than upon ethics. Socialism is not a creed ; it the suffragists on the old constitutional lines. is only an economic theory, and is no more Canon liempthorne, Rector of Li vorpo soul-satisfying than Conservatism or Radicalism, addressed the meeting and praised the eeeellence The Church would win a greater hold upon the women speakers. "Men " he said " speak on all and intelligent workingmen of the country if it kept to its sundry occasions, whether they are fitted and capable own work. Social questions, the housing problem, of doing so or not; but women' almost without education are secondary aspects of church work the exception, when they do address the public generally primary aim is the production of spirituality of char- impress their audience with the earnestness and antes. Spirituality must not be confused with sentimentality ; its basis is the reason ; it does not sincerity of their purpose." Canon Ken:it-Aherne con- cluded by assuring the ladies present of his support transcend the commandments but observes them. These and good wishes. ideas were applied to business and to the intellectual In a stirring speech Miss Waring, of Warrington, life. Churches have failed not because of heresy of referred to the feeling so prevalent at the present day creeds but because of error in the lives of their mem- b that women's rights have killed chivalry. " lint never hers. Business integrity, fearless pursuit of truth, have men written of women with such reverence and intense hatred of all evil form the basis of a life which respect as in the last 50 years," during which time finds its completion in communion with God, sacrifice women have shown that they are more than the mere for the good of others, sympathy with the struggling chattels of man, designed Noisily for his pleasure and men and women about us. disposal. Miss Waring then pointed out the vaeious ways in which women helped men politically end socially Wycliffe Church. and said it was partly the latent barbarity in man that delighted to keep women in subjection ; and concluded Foreign Missloory Al3iY2l'33lV. with the firm assurance that ultimate success would crown the efforts being made on behalf of women. Last Sunday was observed as Foreign Missionary Mrs. Alan Bright, who is well-known for her work in Day at Wycliffe Congregational Church and the support connection with the National Union of Women's of the congregation was asked for oa behalf of the Suffrage Societies, spoke on behalf of the sweated London Missionary Society which is doing such industries, and the good which the vote would splendid work in various quarters of the glebe. In do in every way to women, especially women the morning the Rev. John Yonge occupied the who had to earn their own living. She deplored pulpit and strongly urged the claims of the Society. the contempt in which women were held by The Rev. I. W. Clark (missionary from Central men, that is to say women outside their circle of family Africa) preached at the evening service and give a and friends, and said that this would be so as long as graphic account of the work of spreading the Gospel women were inferior to men in the eyes of the law, and in the " Dirk Continent," pointing out how well the were classed with criminals and lunatics. Also women missionaries were following up the work begun by need the vote to protect what they already have. Divid Livingstone. He described the habits of the Mention must be made of the fine display of banners people, the methods adopted for improving them, and with which the hall was decorated. Banners of every some of the dieficultiee encountered. At the morning description hung round the walls, from the ceiling, and service the choir gave the beautiful anthem " How were draped in various parts of the room. The banners lovely are 'the Messengers " and in the evening they bearing the names of eminent women were particularly interpreted" Harken unto Me " with great expression, noticeable, and in great numbers, dating back to Queen Mr. Bowman Hilbert taking the bass solo. Mr. W. H. IRoadicea. The Cambridge banner was particularly Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ. beautiful, being in shades of blue, with the inscription PUBLIC MEETING. " Better is wisdom than the weapons of ware' The Commonwealth of Australia hada very fine banner with On Tuesday evening a public meeting in support of two figures representing England, and Australia with the Society was held in Wycliffe Memorial Hall, Edge- her hand on England's shoulder, saying, " Trust the worth-street. Mr. Ea J. Guest presided and was Ronne pentad on the platform by the Rev. John Yonee, the woman, Mother, as I have done." The Scrivener's Rev. J. W. Clark (Central Africa) and Miss Newell banner was very striking in black and white with a spread eagle and a nand the inscription " Libera (from Samoa, South Sea). There was a good attend- scripta mauet." Amongst others that must be men- ance. mentioned were Graduates of London in scarlet and 1 The Rev. Joffe YONGE said !Ur. Guest's presence was white', Edinburgh, black and red, with the arms of the lan evidence of the sympathy. prevailing among the city • Chelsee green satin with a white swan on it and various denominations of Christian people in the great ''' 4 .. , work ofelforeign missions.. He hoped that, as the result the words " Sweet names, run softly" ; i red, with "Learn and Live" and a child of the meeting that evening, they would all have their at the foot of a ladder depicted on it. missionary zeal rekindled, and do in the future better things than they had done in the past, especially the Banner of Home-makers' purple ground with a gold brazier embroidered ois it, and the inscription more recent past. Notwithstanding the claims upon e there and how comparatively slender their financial Remember their horneless sisters and demand votes." Wandsworth dark and light blue, with the inscription resources were, it was a matter for 1 ratitude that they e , We serve." The London Society's Banner, a very ! were able to send to the Missionary Society last year handsome one in red, bearing a gold and blue shield. £es. (Applause.) When the right feeling was awakened inscribed with " The old in the hearts of Christian people they responded much holborn, yellow brocade, order changes." Leicester, purple, black and red, more generously and joyously thee they did in the mere bearing a white shield and tiais" D • ii• words Otllo3o dirge formal way when the plate was passed round. The ~ng w nos. There were many others two numerous to London Missionary Society was never doing so much describe, all beautiful and artistic—from towns, and good salt was to-day, never creating such wide influence from branches of work in whish women labour Flail, which gave for Christ and for man, and consequently as new missions Tea was provided in the H ample were opened it was absolutely necessary that the society - for admiring and studying the Banners. should be put in possession of funds very much more opportunity extensive than those they at present received. Last year the income of the society was .£183,610, and the expenditure £191,873, showing a deficiency of £3,283. He hoped the time would come when the Congrega- tional Churches .of the country and their own church would set their faces against deficits of all sorts, and so use the money entrusted to them by God, that the work of Jesus Christ would not be hampered and defeated liy anything in the shape of a deficit, but that there would be larger and more generous gifts on the part of those to whom God had given large resources. (Appianse). The CHAIRMAN Said he was present out of respect to their esteemed pastor and also because it was a good thing for members of other churches to associate them- selves with the sister churches to show the unity of tire one Church which was in Christ Jesus. But he was there specially in order that his interest in foreign missions might be revived. He had always taken a deep interest in foreign missions. He was a bit of a missionary himself at one time, as he was in India for 22 months. He saw a great deal of mission work and he knew how much good was being done and under what painful circumstances very often. They were bound to take a vital interest in the great missionary cause, and it showed the zeal and earnestness of a church when it took a deep interest in foreign missions. It was the command of their Lord that they should " Go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature," ' and they could not, if they were loyal to Him, refuse to do so. They might not all be able to go out to the missionary fields, but they could contribute as God had blessed them and pray for His blessing to rest upon His Church. They would never realize all the fulness that there was in Christ Jesus until the Gospel was preached to all the nations of the earth. the believed the nations bad something to tell them. They could interpret to them many truths in the Gospel and reveal Christ to them in some aspects in which he was not revealed to them at present, so that there was a great reflex blessing given to them from mission work. All the blessings we in this country prized most highly had come to us from missionaries who visited this land ire years gone by and we ought therefore to do our utmost to bestow on other people the blessings we enjoyed. (Applause). Miss NEWELL then gave a very interesting descrip- tion of the. work in Samoa, of which she is a native. The Samoan group consisted of ten islands, five belong- ing to the German Government and five to America. She worked on one of the American islands, and her father end mother on a German island, and they some- times teased each other by calling themselves Americans lor Germans. Samoa was always hot. There was no ' winter, but they had a rainy season, and when it com- menced to rain it continued for days and days. and they never knew when it would stop. Miss Newell referred to the habits of the people and the splendid work in which she was engaged of educating the young on Christian lines. The natives were very fond of England, and often asked about this country and its inhabitants, and they were deeply indebted to us for making collections once a year in aid of the missionary societies. A good work was being done, and she hoped, therefore, that the interest of the people of England in the missionary cause, would never show signs of abatement. (Applause). The Rev. J. W. CLARK dealt with life in Central Africa and said that in the little church where he taught they usually had a congregation of from 50 to 100 people, and it was their earnest desire to teach the people that God was not the God of the Sabbath only but of every day of the week. The missionaries had to officiate at medical men, and when the natives were dangerously ill had to administer their simple remedies. The weather was intensely hot from 12 to 3 and during those hours it was impossible to do the slightest work. His (the speaker's) greatest joy was to tramp into the adjoining villages to preach the gospel, and while in the forests he had often to wade through a swamp up to his knees or cross a rapidly-flowing river. The speaker appealed for increased financial support for the missionaries so that the work on all the mission stations might be carried on more efficiently and on a larger scale. (Applause.) Votes of thanks were accorded to the speakers.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

LIBERAL CLUB.—The final of a billiard handicap was I played on Monday evening at the above club. A good I muster of the members had taken part and the winner 4 were as followar: —l, W. Lightfoot ; 2, F. Barker; 3, F. Sampson ; 4, E. Houghton. FREE CHURCH COUNCIL NIEETINCt.—A meeting under the auspices of the United Free Church Council was held in the Wesleyan Chapel on Thursday evening cora- mencing at 7.30. There was a fair attendance. The speakers who addres,sed the meeting were the Rev. John Gunnell and the Rev. J. F. Matthews. The President, Mr. C. E. Parker, being away from home, the chair was occupied by Mr. G. Faulkner. Mrs. C. E. Parker presided at the organ. CINDERELLI.—The first of the Sankey Cinderellas for this season was held in Sankey school, on Thursday evening, and proved Tory enjoyable. As usual the room had been brightly and tastefully decorated by the ladies of the co-nmittee. There were over fifty guests present and music was provided by Mr. A. Starkey. Miss Ashurst again catered satisfactorily.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE.

PALACE AND HIPP3DROME.

Many people have wondered this week what sort o voice it is that Herbert eithor! has insered for £l,OOO Those who have not been to the Hippodrome are probably still wondering, bat those who have heard the £l,OOO voice understand Herbert Clifton is not a mere vocalist with a good tenor or baritone voice. His "tarn" and his voice were a surprise when the week's performances were opened on Monday evening. Clifton appears on the stage as a rather good-looking street arab, and explains that he has just "sneaked ' into a music hall and heard the turns, which he then proceeds to imitate. His speciality is female vocal mimicry, and the way he sings "Under the Deodar " Lnd "Keep off the grass" in pure soprano tones testifies to the unique quality of his voice. You have only to close your eyes or look the other way, and you feel convinced that a lady with a particularly clear voice is warlolinc!, on the stage. Herbert Clifton's mimicry is also very clever, and his final appearance in a directoire gown and a hat at least four feet across is a triumph. Another big draw in this week's capital programme is the famous Clown Barker with his performing dogs, monkey and donkey. The performance is distinctly amusing, but its chief interest centres in the animals which perform various tricks at a mere nod from their master and evidence the most expert and kindly training. Dave O'Toole, comedian, has the audience in roars of laughter, but his songs and jokes are n.t quite free from the taint of vulgarity. W. H. Downs is an Australian ballad vocalist, and a full blooded negro in the bargain. He sings with plenty of power. A juvenile soprano who made an excellent impression is Edith Cliantler. She has a fine voice and sings with taste. Edtnunda gives a ventriloquial turn which is a bit out of the ordinary, and demonstrateshis skill as a voice-thrower in a convincing fashion. Some very smart hand- balancing feats are performed by Willie and Johnnie, a pair of of youthful coloured performers who bid fair to reach the top of the tree in their line of gymnastics. Pop Dearly appears as a new style comedian and vocalist in a prune coloured frock-suit and tail hat. The cMernatograph pictures are again excellent, and depict a thrilling escape from a harem.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SACRED CONCERT.

The second sacred concert promoted by the Amalgamated Musicians' Union will be held at the Palace to-morrow (Sunday) evening at eight o'clock. A high class programme has been arranged and lovers of music are promised a treat. The artistes will be: The Warrington lisle Voice Choir, Hiss Lucy Davies (soprano), Mr. Tom Boothroyd (solo violin), and the Amalgamated Musicians' Orchestra of thirty performers. NEXT, WEEK'S PROGRAMME. The management announce a novel attraction for next week, the bill being headed by Ford, leginsnia dancer, and Darras, vocalist. These by were originally found performing in the streets of London. They have since played at all the principal variety theatres on the Continent and in the United Kingdom, and at the Palace they will introduce their new act entitled " The boys in white and gold." In c mjunc- tion with this act; the management will run a grand dancing competition in the first house for children under the age of 14 and in the second house for Cam- petitors over the age of 16. The prizes offered are : Children's competition : Ist, ; 2nd, 10s. ; 3rd, ss. Adults' competition: lst,t2 ; 2ud,£l; 3rd,los. The finals will be decided on Friday evening. The other artistes will be :—Lyons trio, pantotnimists and dancers; Cissie Esdaile, comedienne ; Charles Banks, comedian, and his clever dog " Woof " ; Frank Cass, the favourite vocal comedian ; Woodhouse and Wells, the popular comedians and dancers ; Elroy, the arm- less wonder ; Gracie Hunt, comedienne.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
The Fair Ground Riot.

The County Police Court at Wrexham was besieged by an eager crowd on Tuesday in order to hear the adjourned proceedings against James Cook, sen., James Cook, jun., John Cook, George Cook, and his wife Betsy Cook, all of Longford-street, Warrington, and Frank Hewitt in connection with the riot which took place at Coedpoeth on the night of the oth inst., and which resulted in fifteen persons being sh The bench ordered Hewitt to be discharged, and remanded the other prisoners for a week, Betsy Cook being liberated on her own recognisances and the others being admitted to bail. For Mildrsu'a tttkinlC mei at nit, W oors Great Peppermint Curs. is. 11. 2s. 9d.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

DEFEAT OF THE GOVERNMENT.

Exciting Division.

The Government has fallen,bnt not without a gallant fight. At the meeting of the Parliamentary Debating Society on Thursday evening, the division on the Right to Work Bill took place and the Ministry was defeated by a solitary vote, amid scenes of great ev.;itement. The Liberals will remain in office for the remainder of the session and then the oppositio3 will be called upon to form a Government. . _

Thursday's debate followed with keen attention and some of the speeches contained passages of more than usual interest. Amusement was not lacking,either. Mr. J. HAWTIIORNE (S. Belfast) led off for the Opposition. lie congratulated the President of the Local Government Board upon h;s honest intentions but said the measure appeared to have been taken up by the Government without thought. It was evidently a one-man measure. The proposals would involve a waste of labour, because the men set to work in the State industries would produce more than they needed and the remainder of their time, which should be employed for the good of the community, would be entirely lost. The speaker indulged in some criticism of the Socialists and had begun to speak of Mr. Blatch- ford and atheism when he was interrupted by Mr. CARR (E. Leeds) who characterised the hon member's statements as "utter rot." The SPEAKER advised the hon. member not to wander from the subject under discussion, and he soon brought his speech to a close.

MI:. W. IL SHERBURN (Secretary for Scotland), said the Government had been charged with always treating , references to tariff reform with levity. The fact was that they so often had that question brought into the , debates that they simply sat there and made a mental calculation as to how many minutes a speaker for the Opposition would be on his feet before he said "tariff reform." (Laughter.) The Liberals were, however, quite ready to meet the arguments for tariff reform— whatever that might be—and no doubt the Tories would I have an early opportunity of introducing their scheme. 1 He believed the real object of the Tories in constantly bringing forward tariff reform was to hide the real !causes of unemployment which were as many as the roots of a cancer and went as deep. Labour-saving machinery had been a cause ot unemployment, because It was used in antagonism to labour instead of to assist it. lie claimed that the Government had dealt with some of the causes of the problem already, and they intended to deal with two others ley nationalizing the railways and taxing land values. (Applause.l There were too many blood suckers on the body politic. Mr. Sherburn supported the Bill in principle, and said the details could be worked out by the committee which would be appointed. Mr. G. OSBORNE (Wellington) admitted that the land monopoly was a great cause of unemployment but con- tended that full advantage was not taken of the present , system. Ile would meet foreiga competition not by tariff reform but by allowing inventive genius to have full sway. The reason it was not encouraged now, was because the management of limited companies was in the hands of the wrong people. He advocated the establishment of patents bureaux in large centres at 1! which workingmen with inventive capacity would be able to submit their plans to experts and have them I placed on the market. Mr. G. HANDS (Barnard Castle), in supporting the Bill from the Socialist standpoint, said he claimed the right to work simply because he was a human being able and willing to work. Mr. J. Mins (Enutsford), said the Bill evidenced an amount of brain work and study, which was mere than could ba said of the criticisms hurled at it. The view that it would interfere with private traders was erroneous. The Tories were always the sturnbliu,g block in the way of progress. The only panacea they could advance was the well-kno am Birmingham brand.( Laugh- ter.) Landlordism generally sapped the life-blood of the people. lie claimed that the Liberals were doing their utmost to improve social conditions. At any rate, they did not retain power for twenty years by specious promises and master )v evasions. (Laughter and applause). Mr. E. OSB3RNE (Newcastle-on-Tyne) sail it wis a matter of no surprise to him that the President of the Local Government Board in introducing the measure should be charged with forcing legislation of a Socialistic character under the cloak of social reform. Almost every measure that was introduced in the House of Commons was either commended or denounced, according to its Socialktio tendencies. Whilst that was very flattering to the Socialists, he did not think it was altogether fair. They did not want to take credit for everything. (Laughter.) He admitted it was possible to get a Socialistic measure from an! individtvalist group, but only when the individuals coin- posing the group had studied economics. If this I scheme were found impracticable when passed, all the ' blame would be thrown upon the Socialists. On the other hand, if it worked successfully it would not be Socialism, but social reform. (Laughter.) The Bill did not introduce a new principle or a real innovation. It was tried eighty years ago and had been triad several 1 times since, and in each case ic had proved a failure, simply because if had been found to be impracticable. It was impossible to separate one group in a civilized country from the rest of th 3 community and expect them to conduct their affairs in a successful manner. Ho contended that the individuals who were confined in the compounds would not be allowed to satisfy their witets and to exercise the privileges of citizenship. Arr. MORTON (Local G3vernment Board) said he did not advocate the colony system and the people engaged iii the State industries would not be separated and componnded. .

Mr. OSBORNE urged tbat he was right in drawing such an inference from the Bill. He opposed the system simply because he believed it would be slavery. A man would not be able to travel by railway, attend theatres, or even a Parliaranntary Debating Society—(laug.hter)— if he only had paper money. How was it proposed to provide places of worship for the various denominations which would be represented in the compounds ? If the Conservative party wanted honestly to raise the ques- tion of religious liberty now was the time. (Laughter and applause.) He contended that the State industries would be bound to interfere with private enterprise. His Socialism did not permit him to confiscate property. iHe did not believe n taxing other people out of existence or forcing them into a corner under the plea of social reform. While he recognised that the President of the Local Government Board bad honestly attempted to solve the problem he firmly believed that the scheme was economically unsound, that it would prove a fiasco, and that its failure would be blamed on Sonialism. (Applause.) zilr. G. IL ROBERTS (Montgomery) opposed the Bill because he considered it was utterly impracticable. Were they going to put the unskilled labourer, the clerk and the artisan together in a bakehouse to bake bread, or in a tailor's shop to make clothing ? The scheme had not received the careful consideration it required and Ile predicted that if it became law it ! would instead of relieving the trouble accentnrate it.As one method of reducing unemployment, he advocated compulsory arbitration to avoid strikes. Mr. NT. MASON (Nevgcastle-under-Lvme) said the , member for Newcastle-on-Tyne seemed to be fearfully troubled by some little " bee in his bonnet " on the subject of religious liberty. He was anxious to know whether in some imaginary compound there would be various churches. Surely ho knew that if there was going to be a paper currency, paper would not be accepted in the collection plate—(laughter)—and if there were no collection there would be no churches and chapels. (Laughter). Having received an assurance from Mr. Morton that the Bill applied to women, gr. isoN said he most , congratulate the President of the Local Government Board that unlike his prototype at Westminster he was attaining to some minimum degree of justice to the other sex. Criticising the Bill, Mr. Mason asked how 1 it wag proposed to provide the right kind of work for ,1 milliners, shop window fitters, tram drivers, bank managers, schoolmasters, or political agents who might be out of employment. (Laughter.) Would the milliner have to work at snow-shifting, or the awe mic conaump- tive clerk at breaking stones ? Perhaps the President of the Local Government Board would say that they would find those people some clerking to do, but they knew that all these soft jobs were given to the sons of Councillors. (Laughter). Mr. NV. L. IV ILLIAME (oswestry) after predicting that we were on the eve of a break down of our com- mercial system and that it would be impossible for hungry and despairing men to continue to walk the streets in which were well-filled shops without some- thing serious happening, advocated tariff reform, a system of insurance against unemployrnent,and methods by which men in search of work would be helped to find it.

Hr. J. F. AwrIZRY (Secretary for Ireland) said it was not the intention of the Government to force those who availed themselves of the State industries into compounds. He regretted the tone of levity which had been imparted into the debate, because they ought to approach the question with the serious determina- tion to unite their intellects in ordr to find a solution. When he heard his friend the Member for E. Man- chester indulging in talk about pints and half-pints of beer—

Mr. R. G. PIERPOINT (E. Manchester) : I take it that when the Secretary for Ireland speaks in this manner he is attacking mc and hists that I was dealing with the qbestion in a jovial, happy-go-lucky sort of! manner. I did nothing of the kind and I maintain what I said before, that the Governmeat 13111 is rubbish. (Opposition applause.) Sir. AWBERY : I was merely reminding the House of an augument he brought forward. Mr. PIRRPOINr : And a very good argument, too. (Laughter). Mr. AWBERT : Subsequently the hon. member was so incensed by what another speaker said that he rose to assure the tionSe that he was genuine in his remarks. (Mr. Pierpoint : " Hear, heir.") I am prepared to credit the hon. member with sincerity, but at the same time he must bear in mind that he is not the only sincere member of the House. Mr. Pianeowr : Mr. Speaker,— The SPEAKER.: Order.

Mr. PIERPOINT: I did not say T was. The SPEAKER again called the interrupter to order. Mr. AWBERY: The youthfulness of the hon. member calls for some indulgence. When he attacks, he must expect to be attacked in return. Continuing, he said it was a notorious fact that any Government that attempted to tackle the unemployed question stood seriously to be shot at. It was a pity that it was not possible for the best intellects in the country to be bronght together to evolve a scheme which would be satisfactory. (Mr. Pierpoint : " Hear, hear.") He did not claim that the Government Bill would cure unem- ployment once and for all ; a succession of measures would be necessary. He was heartily in favour of the principle embodied in it, of establish- ing a Central Authority to deal with the question. At present the municipalities did not arrange their schemes so as to be of the greatest advantage to the unemployed. They were not undertaken at the most suitable times. Mr. Awbery, while admitting that they could not combat the advance which women were making in spheres of employment once considered to belong solely to men, said certain occupations ought to be scheduled as unsuitable for women. Other questions to which the legislature should turn attention were the employment of young children and the tyranny of sweating. They should insist upon the compulsory retirement of all civil servants at the age of sixty years, when they were contribators to a superannuation scheme, and restrict the holding of a number of public appointments by one individual. The State should also endeavour to foster parental interest in the apprentice- ship system. In conclusion Mr. Awbery said the Government had done their best and they thought their proposals ought to be listened to with sympathy on all sides of the House. They wanted to make it impossible for any man or woman to be able to say that his or her poverty was die to lack of employment. (Applause). Mr. J. Mortrox (President of the Local Government Board) having replied to tho various points raised. the Speaker put the amendment that the Bill be read six months hence. The members having shouted their assent or dissent, the Speaker said he believed the " No's " had it. Mr. STINSITRLD (Leader of the Opposition) challenged a division and amid great excitement it was announced that there was a tie, the figures being : For, 35 : against, 35. Those who voted for the amendment included four Liberals, four Nationalists, five Independents, one Socialist and all the Conservatives. The SPEAKER then put the resolution that the Bill be passed and declared that he believed the "No's " had it. Another division was taken with the following result:—For the Bill, 31 ; against, 35. The Govern- ment thus suffered defeat by a majority of one, the Opposition greeting the result with tumultuous cheering. Next Thursday evening the House will discuss aBM for the Nationalization of the Railways, Light Railways and Canals of the United Kingdom.

THE LATE REV. E. J. WILLCOCKS. Memorial Tablet Unveiled. The brass tablet, erected to the memory of the Rev. E.J. Willcocks, M.A., was unveiled on Thursday evening in the Assembly Room of the Boteler Grammar School by Mr. C. S. Burgess (chairman of the Memorial Com- mittee.) Alderman Smethitrst presided Red was sup- ported by the Mevor (Alderman Forshety), Canon Willis, and Mr. J. FL Smethurst. Amongst those present were the Headmaster (Rev. IT. Gray), the Assistant Master, and many scholars past and present. The SECRETARY read letters from several gentlemen, who expressed their regret at not being able to attend. Alderman SMETUCRST said it gave him the greatest pleasure to preside over such a meeting, which was for the purpose of imveiline a tablet erected to the memory of his dear old friend Mr. Wilicocks. He had known him for Some 23 years personelly. The tablet reminded nil those present of the good work he had done in the school. They had only to look round and take their memories back and see the talented young men, who had been ttuned out by the school. Look how many had turned out to be church ministers and teachers of this country ! It must he very gratifying to Mrs. Willocks to know that on the very day of her daughter's marriage, that tablet was being unveiled in commemoration of her dearly beloved husband. Mr. C. S. BURGESS said he wts one of the oldest boys belonging to the school,and he felt it a very great honour to be asked to perform the ceremony, It was the wish of those with whom he was associated that he should unveil the tablet. Hr. Willcoeks was devoted to his duty, and eteldfast in his loyalty to the Governors of school. He had a cheery manner and disposition ; and he devoted himself unselfishly to the prosperity and advancement of the school, lie bore the sufferings of a lone illness like n hero and died as a true Christian , should—in perfect peace with all men. To have given emetically the whole of his lifa to the welfare of the) 'lnstitution cleserged a better recognition than they had 11,1:en able to give hint. If any man deserved well in this town and neighbourhood that man was Edward John Willcocks. (Applause.) His name was revered by hundreds ia many parts of the Empire. The Speaker could enly say that the friendship which began more than 33 years ago when he went there es second master continued through the whole of his life. He would ever look back upon his association with Mr. Willcocks as a bright and happy incident in his own life. He (Mr. Willeocks) implored them to leave the world a little better than they found it. Mr. Burgess then unveiled the tabled which was inscribed in LIU% aal added:—

" Lives of good men all remind us We can make our lives sublime ; And departing leave behind us, Footprints in the sands of time. Let us then be up and doing With a heart for such a fate ; Still achieving, still pursuing Learn to labour and to wait."—(Applause.) The Mayon (Alderman Forshaw) said that he was very pleased indeed to such a splendid tabiet had been erected by the old scholars to their late head- master, !qr. Willcochs. He was sure his memory was worthy of it. He was a good man and a good master. (Armlame).

Canon WILLIS said that in the days gone by, the Rector of Warrington was the Headmaster of the school. He thought it was to the advantage of the school— certainly in his case—that the two offices should have been senarated.(Laighter.)He had a very great regard for Mr. Willcocks. Ile had known him for 20 years out of the 20 years he was headmaster of the school. He never recollected an occasion on which he did not speak to him about the school when he SAW him. Mr. Willcocks miAht have thought that the school was the only thing he had to think about. His great aim was to make it one of the greatest in the country. He always attended the Parish Church, and always delighted in taking the boys. The rev, gentleman was sorry not to see the boys on Ascension Day, but, however, under the new Act there was still a close connection between the Parish Church and the school. (Applause). Mr. A. BROWNE referred to tin time when he was a boy at school. They used to call Mr. Willcocks " Dick," but it was a most endearing term to them. Ho proposed a resolution that the best thanks of the meeting be given to Mr. Burgess for unveiling the tablet.

Mr. E. A. WHITE seconded and the motion was sup- ported by Mr. IZOBRRT PIERPOINT. On the motion of Master J. STRRLI NG (headboy), seconded by Master H. IJAND,.., a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Alderman Smethurst for presiding!. The boys were allowed a holiday in c rnmemoratioa of the event.

MEMORIAL AT VIE PARISH CHURCH.. A brass tablet with a border of black marble, had been erected by order of Mrs. Willcocks on the north wall of the Boteler Chsnel at the Rtrish Church, to her late husband, the Rev. E. J. Willcocks. The inscription reads as follows :—" To the dory of God and in loving memory of Edward John Willcocks, Lt., p.iest, born March .11th, ISI7, dial August 15th, 1917, of the notelet- Grammar School. Second master IS7O —lB3l, head- master 1831-1b37. Requiescat in pace."

===== 0002601_19081121_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5

===== 0002601_19081121_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE. The Provision—of Meals.

The monthly meeting of the Education- Committee will be held on Monday evening at six o'clock. The School Management Committee recommends that Miss Eleanor J. Forsyth be apnointed Assistant Mistress at the Secondary school and Technical Institflte at a commencing salary at the rate of £llO per annum ; her engagement to commence on the Ist January, 1909, and to be determinable by three months' notice.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE PROVISION OF MEALS.

On the recommendation of the Sub-Committee appointed to consider the arrangements for putting into force the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 1931, it was resolved, (a) That further particulars as to the cost of the boilers required be obtained ; (b) that an oven be purchased at a cost of £l9 153.; (c ) that a boiler, cylin ler and tank for the supply of hot water be obtained at a cost of 6s. 6d.; and (it) that authority be given for the purchase of the following, viz. ; —(i) 3 cans for the conveyance of soup, etc., at a cost not exceeding .24 10s. ; (ii) 30 dozen spoons at a cost of £6 10s.; and (iii) 30 dozen plates at a cost of £ll7 s.GcT It WAS also resolved that, whereas some of the children attending public elementary schools within the area of the County Borough are unable, by reason of lack of food, to take full advantage of the education provided for them, and that funds other than pnblio funds are not available to defray the cost of the foo& to be furnished under the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 1996, application be made to the Board of Education. under section 3 of that Act, for their sanction to the expenditure of a sum (not exceeding £100) out of the rates for the purpose of defraying the cost of the food required. That consideration of the remainder of the arrangements be referred to the Sub-committee, with instructions to report to the committee again thereon.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CFIRISTILAS HOLIDAYS.

- Mr. Edwin Plinstoo will move: That &ll the schools in the Borough close for the Christmas holidays on the evening or Wednesday, the 23rd December, 1908, and re-open on Monday, the 11th January, 1909.

-

.. :,. ss *V--- s, e - I Ser ^ei 1 et d'he`i;A -, - 4 hee'S ;:r el ' ' Oh. -e'S i'" ea.S.-P4 e'vesei - .HE RAJAH'S PAPER-CUTTER. amber of years ago there was a wealthy a in Calcutta, who, having a friendly feel- ,e towards his English conquerors, had learned .o speak and read their language. He was not a little proud of his accomplishments, and _a 'especially of hie ability to read; and so he very ,ere seldom lost an opportunity to display it. e some It happened that one day, while visiting the will- be English viceroy, he saw, lying on a table, a Jld Uncle • copy of the Edinburgh Review, which had just se, but, do been reoeived. As there were several strangers ary active in in the room, the rajah was seized with a desire .ng. Well, we to make known his knowledge of English. to make up my " Your Excellency," he said, addressing the .es. viceroy, " will you be good enough to lend me dee Competitions. I this book to read? " ..,ro have received their The viceroy, of course, complied, and all the peen despatched. guests expressed their surprise that the rajah sr loving, UNCLE NED. had overcome the diffieulties of the English ....._4._._. s language. So the prince, quite satisfied with ,00TBALL—WHICEI I LIKE the sensation he had created, took his leave. etST, AND WHY. Having borrowed the magazine, the rajah, nink is a very interesting game. though he had no idea of the sort of literature .00tball only came in England about it contained, felt that he ought to read it senth century: The old game was a through carefully, so that, when questioned gby. There are some very good foot- about it by the viceroy, he might answer tn- , in England. The team' who used to telligently. rugby a lot were Preston North End. They Accordingly sn stopped playing rugby and started associ- which he began with the first article; was an account of " Hunting the Orasag- oion football. Preston, as they are called, were outang " ; and first learning from his diction- the first team to win the championship three are what an orang-outang was, he read on to times in succession, and the first to win the English Cup. Footoll, as everybody knows, the bottom of the page with increasing interest. " The orang is as large as "—he read, and, is the warmest game in winter, and is one of -turning the page, continued—" the unfortunate i tbhenfinestdexercises going. This game would Queen of Scotland, who will perhaps stand • ii g , as it would be too hot, higher in the estimation of future generations ' I' The reason why I say football is very nice as than her more sucessful rival, Elizabeth of itel e because there is plenty of running about in it. England." : 1 Yours sincerely, G. W. ASTIN. Tice rajah was greatly perplexed. 'The sen- se paper. x —4.-__. t:Cilteefosreetniheedlifoe mnfakinnsensse,ea awilaTetthhee orang- cricket, Hill, WWI% E ' I like football a great deal better than cricket, and I •will tell you some reasons why. outang had to do with the Queen of Scotland. When playing cricket you are not running And the worst of it was that the article im- about the field all the time, and cricket is( not rn a rough game. But I like a rough game, so ediately dropped the subject of the orang and devoted itself to Queen Mary Stuart. A-Allgit "MUNICH" sister ship that. is one Teasers. Football is a game that The puzzled potentate, having tried in vain speaially built for the Great is played in winter; besides that, it keeps you ,ost teen placed on the Harwich- warm. I' ike blowing a football up when all to connect the two ideas, finally gave up the orang-outang and became so interested in the' ,rvice. The first-cless accommoda- the air has gone out of it. - You have a pair fortunes of the Scottish Queen that by the that provided by a modern Atlantic of socks on your legs when playing at football, time he had reached the bottom of the follow- seining deck are a number of deck state sins, and a species's smoking room. On , ing page he had almost forgotten that there was pads on your ryoleugshawyneilstot bat- such such a creature as an orang-outang. ,ck there is a separate accommodation for ,aannodutwwheitnh phlaaiydinpg ,ft a large and handsomely decorated lounge, t- e house of Guise, hen in poeic,* in ing, and it hurts your knees. When you are eTh s • t • ' . • aetween deck is a beautiful general and dining playing at cricket you have your own innings, France,"—the rajah turned the page,—" ile- eecial feature is the large number of private cabins fetching the 'hall from places where - s, leading from which are first-class sleeping cabins, and then you have to be satisfied running and voted themsedves almost exclusively to she it rolls to. breeding of mileh cows." sr two passengers. Particular attention has been paid At football you are kicking it just about the Well, said the viceroy, when, on the fol- io the heating and ventilation of the ship. The whole of the time, and if you fail once, you lowing ea 3,. the rajah returned the magazine, " machinery of the "Munich " comprises triple turbine have another chance of scoring a goal or get- "did engines of the Parsons Marine type, and designed to ting some poi drive the vessel at a speed of 21 knots. She, like all nts. Sometimes they get knocked the pages? e the boats on this service, is fitted with Wireless Tele- it is true, but that is not much, for they might g enough,so very seems h Interesting but • cl. - ersdav, graphy. The dimensions of the " Munich," which was , , . get hurt with a hard cricket ball when they a. C., D built by Messrs. Brown and Co., of Clyde-bank, are 343 ~ re are playing at cricket. Then cricket is such nected," replied the rajah. ." Why, look 1 " and he, pointed out the extraordinary sentences he an expensive game, for you have to buy wickets, had read 261, Tenets.. feet over all, 43 feet beam, and 18 feet depth of hold. The viceroy, who was a gentleman. did not attendance on las pads, finger gloves, and a great many more • d things, while at football you have to buy a football, and stick some wood up for goa/ poets, laugh then; he merely smiled symeathetically, ted and said her and waited until the rajah wee gone. T her father did not isE " LANCET " SENDS A COMMISSIONER and then you can p I like playing at a e I shtiuld have told you," he said politely, e twenty-six years of O THE " LEMCO" AND "OXO " FACTORIES certain kind of football, called rugby, because "that the leaves were not cut. See!" He took se was taken ill the son lay. there are scrimmages, and I like them because up a paper-knife and cut the leaves. "You sd hie sister was sent for AND CATTLE FARMS. it is fur. throwing the football in, and then turned from ' Hunting the Orane-outang ' to ince been married, but his _a____ they kick it out again. 'The History of Mary Stuart,' and from that Joust said she knew nothing WILLIAM EORKWOOD (10 years). The Lancet of the 21th October contains a long to an article on 'Jersey Cows.' " .onour said that at the time the The rajah forgot his chaerin in his curiosity and g p MR: WESLEY'S STORY OF A BEGGAR. aeled, interesting article upon the manufacture of ' the son formed one of his a Lemco, Oxo and Nursing Oxo, and the huge cattle- , and that made a difference. "If," He says a beggar came to a house in the to learn ho* the magazin%nould be printed rearing industry connected therewith. .tinued, " I have a friend, guest or market-place and begged with , its leaves all folded up. The proprietors of the Lancet are to be con- saying she W 36 very hungry. The master bid her fh e the viceroy explained, and then, seeing ..y house and he falls ill apd I or my gratulatecl on their initiative ii dealing with such a morsel of, bread, be gone. She called at a second door and . .. .or a doctor, I must pay, and therefore I an important subjett. Medical men must often • • that the rajah was curiously examining the ament for the plaintiff with costs" his The rajah then returned home, and the viceroy paper-knife. lie courteously presented it to him. regret that they have not the opportunity of ordered the defendant to pay the money at visiting the vast Argentine cattle farms where begged. a little small-beer, saying she was eery ,p,a thirsty. She had much the same answer. At But forgot the occurrence until it was recalled to ate of IN. per month, these concentrated foods are prepared, and see a third door she begged a little water. ut this . SALT,: of Surplus Stock of Boots and Shoes now with their own eyes the scrupulous care and man was too conscientious to encourage a common beggar! The boys, seeing a beggar later. his memory in a singular way, about a year OIL—PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT Co.—Advt. scientific methods which are employed to ensure turned from door -to door, pelted her with - Did Not Like Bridewell Fare. the maximum amount of dietetic efficiency being snowballs. She looked um, laid down, and died. dressed company enter has court-yard, sur- Ho was surprised one day. to see a gaily- maintained. They will - therefore, be specially rounding the friendly rajah, who was mounted Patrick Keegan, a stranger, was charmed at the cl• • -• ~ , upon the back of a young elephant. Salute- ably e ,et as Warringtoia B erugh Police Com ton Tuesday with interest° in reading the account o. an expert Would you wish to be the man who refused her a morsel of bread, or a cup of water, or one . stealing a pair of gent's boots value Bs. 11d., the eye-witness who has evidently been initiated into of the boys who pelted her till she died? tions were exchanged, arid the rajah called out: . for five the innerniost secrets of the business: BETSY TRACKER. Edinburgh Review?" "Hs' your Excellency an uncut copy of the is' .ees would property of Messrs. Freeman, Hardy and Willis, As generally known, articles in the Lancet , (Applause) Market Gate, at about 650 on Saturday night. It are written for the benefit of the medical pro- --+— THE TRICKS OF MONKEYS, b The viceroy had a copy, and sent for if. _earl a letter appears that at the time in question Mr. Lewis, the fession and nurses, but this particular subject is A sailor once went ashore on the coast of " Will your Excellency please toss it to nly a said, he , bad manager of the shop, was in attendance when the of such interest, and the descriptive pert has South America, taking with him a number of elephant ? ' a noes " P'aine et me here and now prisoner was brought in by a man named Edward been handled so realistically, that the article in red woollen caps for sale. On his' way to a The viceroy threw it toward the animal, . OWledge of the letters Jones, of 169, Wargrave streci, who bad seen him question is of real interest to the morel publte, town some distance from the coast he had to which very deftly caught it with its trunk- -4 the mood for fault take the boots. After being questioned by MeLewis, The Open-Air Life. pass through a forest, in which troops of mon- What was the viceroy's astoniehment then .onicate with the Press I the prisoner admitted the theft, and said he wanted to keys were seen everywhere climbing among the name. But to come to the be locked up. He was given into custody.—The the origin of Lemco the re- trees At neon as the sun was right overhead • d neatly and After dwelling upon s , , h • •,, , magazine over one of its tusks an . a. was the writer of the letters Chief Constable stated that the man had told him that searches of the celebrated Baron Justus von Lieleg, the sailor had to take shelter from its burning carefully cut them openl s to leee the elephant slip the uncut. edges of the a from one or other of the be was going to complain about the food he received and the fermation in 1565 of the Liebig Company— rays. He laid down to rest under the shade of Looking snore closely, he saw that each of the sommittee. Now, you as chair- at the Police- Stetionwhen he was brought before the the originators of the manufacture of concentrated a large tree. Taking one of the caps out of tusks had been carved into a paper-knife, with ,- members of the committee, who beef foods—the Commissioner gees on to say : his bundle and placing it on his head, he soon smooth blade and elaborate handle. tLis stab in the back was given to Bench. Prisoner had, however, received the best, and "it is difficult to convey an adevato sense of the fell fast asleep. When he awoke he was eur- , The elephant, when it had completed its task I magnitude of the Cattle farina sits-sited upon the prised. to find all his caps were gone. He heard ne person or persons concerned, and I be could net expect steak or chops. (Laughter.) of cutting the leaves, passed the magazine at you will furnish rue with the names of lien of the prisoner's class were a considerable Liebig Company's property in the Areeetine, ea a most unusual chattering amongst the dense back to the admiring viceroy. ' sen, for no other reason except that I expense to the town; they were almost unbearable. e- Uruguay and Parse:may. Even a rapid round of all branches above him, and looking up, he saw , who my friends are. As a committee-man He was sentenced to three months with hard labour. the estaucias, without spending more than a day and the trees alive with monkeys. On the head of dismounted" Your from the elephant, " a year ago ~re I have not been very regular in my attend- —The Chief Constable: He will have to work for a night at each would oceinpy the hest p.trt of :hie-el „ your meetings, and for thisinattention, or ' his food now, whereas ha did not while he was here. months. And 'the traveller Would el:cosi:et-Me e-hr each monkey was a red woollen cap! The little you gave me a paper-knife. It has, as you see. 'ever you may like to call it, I hope I shall not be come to life. I hope you will do me the - elected. At the same time Ido not think any word BALE Now ON. UNDER TICE CLOCK. Surplus the thousands of miles covereel, a vast ocean of grass, ha- g stolen his caps whilst he We Weep mimics had watched his proceedings, and, hay, I'IO i honour to receive it back again.'t ,r act of mine hns warranted the questioning of my Stock of Boots and Shoes.—Advt. ever being rdpleeished by a csaeheial ?..1.1:11.7.:-.; ~ adorned their black pates with their boot 1 fidelity to the cause of tree-planting. I may say that g Ma_,_ n 3 Ingratitude. studded by innumerable "lierds cf cettle, nen The monkeys paid no heed to hie shouts, but tion is tilWaye eepteeeed at the princely Y. In Calcutta, ivhere thie etery is told, admira- unless the party or parties tender me an apology for " perhaps comprising from 2,000 to 4,030 head, and only grinned at his rage. Finding every their wicked insinuation, I must certainly decline any At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, John after some days he would begin to long for a change attempt So regain his caps fruitless, hpulled' • • • likely that - generosity of the rajah. In Englatel and. further connection with the society. I must know the K innon, a stranger, was charged. with stealing a silk muffler, valued at 3s. lid. the property of John MeLa in the scene, for he would probably get satiated e Amerme. it is much morelna ff the one which he'had on his head and threw elephant's sagacity will be admired. I cannot name or names of my detractors." Y with the sight of so many cattle, albeit they are The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Brown's name had never of Appleton-street On Sunday last. The prisoners splendid boasts, whose sires are English pedigree I; on the ground, saying, "Here, you thieving vouch for the truth of the narrative, though pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable stated that bred. He would appreciate the curiousl • exhile been suggested as the writer of the letters. They knew little rogues, if you will keep the rest you may a similar incident has latele been told in tile Mr. Brown too well to suspect him for a moment, and UcLay met the prisoner, took him to his house and rating and pure stir; the sense af.real fatigt)te emee's have till's one too!" No sooner had he done newspapers, in which tt was stated that an . this than, to his great amazement and joy, the elephant with a paper-cutter tusk had been pm- he was sure that if Th.. Brown had had any fault to E. find he would have been man enough to have signed his cave him a good meal The prisoner afterwards left but rarely in spite of hard travelling.. Ile would little animals at once did the same. Each sented to Lord Dufferin. But, after all, cut- the louse and returned about six o'clock in the after- admire the marvellously healthy-looking condition name, snatched the cap from-his head and threw it ting the leaves of a magazine. though a very ier's cradles," said Mr. Fawcett in his report on the past three years noon and received tea at the prosecutor's hands, and cleanly and picturesque appearance of the to the ground. The sailor regained his caps pretty accomplishment, is no more extraordin. rre is a world of good I work of the committee stated that in the first year they He again took his departure and returned about 10 cattle, due to careful breeding and selection ,of and marched off in triumph. ary than walking a tight-rope or riding a c,..,0i, planted 298 trees. The subscriptions amounted to over . the suggestion. . o'clock the same night. Wide Mrs. IfeLay's back stock, and, above all, to the fact that every moment NELLIE ALMA CLEGG. velocipede. ne most part, it is the , i Ce7o n addition t stain raised by 300 schoolchildren, . ...v the end of the ." on I soecad year nearly a thousand trees was turned, the prisoner took the opportunity of taking of their life day and night is spent in the open air. _....... _4--- i the silk muffler off a nail on the wall. When Mrs. , The whole camp is, in short, one stupendou t cling closest, the rocking had been planted in the streets and on the Ship Canele example of the open-air life. It not only supplies , . , Mrs. McSwat :"Is it right ,for us to be buy- Mrs. Nowerl :" I want to confess soinething ,ne inevitable scrimmages of bank., besides several brindren shrubs, evergreens end McLay returned, the prisoner had decamped arid the athandance of good pas,ure and water, but it pro- to you, dearest. I deceived you about nhy nil; muffler was missing. On the following night she Say/ , ` • ' ing tickets for a morning performance ? " oradle gete upset and bumps and creepers. The expansion of the work beyond the vides a continual supply of fresh vitalised air Mr. McSwat : " Why not? " it is more than I told you." original scheme unfortunately loft the committee, with the prisoner and questioned him about the theft which ' l the 'cattle from those tff h hic effectually guards a deficit of £22. The past year's work had been of ahe stoutly denied. It was afterwards ascertained that w "Because at this season we ought to spend Mr. Nuwed: " Really!" ier way, however, of looking at these quiet, steady character, and the deficit was certified to the prisoner had given the snuffler to a man to pawn diseeses to which thsy are prone." Mrs. !Tweed : " 'Tis better' you should know." the money for the benefit of the poor." .cces. One gets so used te peorle, so been I.os. sd. For this the increased cost of mainten- "That's what we're going to do, Lobelia. Mr. Nuwecl: "Then I may as well reciprocate, at Messrs. Jackson's, pawnbrokers, who received a "ra Four Million Tons of arass. .ith their personality, that one is seldom since was largely responsible, a large number of trees You'll see some of the poorest actors at that darling. I deceived you about my income; it ,-rive at a teue estimate of their real qualities, that had been wilfully damaged, and others lost through shilling for it. —Prisoner was sentenced to 14 days When the total acreage of the Lemco and Oe..s play this afternoon you ever saw in your life." is less than I told you." storms sod natural causes, having had to be replaced, with hard labour. farms es ttaken into account, coupled with the ~..___e____ whilst stakes had had to be submitted for the iron guards. ,d as with persons, so with thiners. We grow so Table, Floor, end Hanging LAM rs. Latest designs enormous herd feeding thereon, some conception of Lawyer. " Then I understand you to swear, Mere than 41 per cent.. of the English people ... . • , • iLa taoi.trlineedfountswrehtehree desirable; _me,ust be met the work must now showing. See windows.—J. S. GARLAND et. the grass-yielding value of the reeterage le gained, witness, that the parties came to high words? '. could not write their nausea when. the Queen se the dead trees, must be 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. ' Apart from sheep, the stock of cattle at the present ,/‘ .ustotned to the sight of the articles stored hi oar Witness; "No, sir; wot I say is, the words ascended the throne. The proportion in at Ateliers cupboards, that we flatter ourselves we know replaced, and the upkeep of the living ones must he A e f wee narticelleelv low.' _ condition has now been retraced to 7 per kilt- ' time is about 250,000, which arc distributed over them out and out, but in nice cases out of tea we are provided for. The committee, therefore, proposed to 'n Society of Pilferers. \Wheat Dodd (15) and Alex Moores (16), both --------- 1,250,020 acres of grass. On this estimate the mistaken. hold a sale of work to raise at least aloo net. allotment to each animal is about five acres of The report was adopted on the proposition of Mr. T. living in Knutsford-road were brought up before the Bench at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday pasturage. b The average daily amount of gnu's Take, for example, our knowledge, of sash ho.nely Baxter, seconded by Mr. H. J. Westbrook. ----- --- ----- -- - - Via la W ir ...1....,,... .201111111111 MI • consumed y one animal is 88 pounds ; a herd of reasseseemesseeraesiais. eatables ae suet, flour, and currants. Set these three The statement of accounts showed that at the corn- with stealing from the safe of the divelling-house of .retrncemelnt of the year thertedwas e I's 250,000 would, therefore, conseme per diem Ur, AVOURED wtra .ItitsEIVIIIHT , JUICES materials before a housekeeper, tell her to make a aesd6eP-ci deficit 114. () f 22ci' l* Thomas Green, Knutsford-road, 2s. in cash, on 22 00 0)0 pounds of gra,-;s or approximately 10,000 sweet dish out of them, aid in ninety-nine cases out 1. rereitpottsacapmar to £45 or which Is. aGn:i. thewas November 2nd. They were elso charged with steal- tons.' 'The yearly consult-lie:ion of grass would hns CHILDREN ( of a hundred, she will think of nothing but a plain received mg fromse e ived in subscriptions and e 9 from the concert. This the sense place the sum of 17s. 61 on mean not far short of 4,000,00) tons. These h C boiled currant dumpling that email he made from such left a total detict of 232 10s. 5.1. October 3rd, and further with stealing on November .1 quantities 'are prodigious and they illustrate the • SLEEP WELL [JIVERS I me ingredients. This Is because housewives do not even The balance sheet was passed on the proposition of 12th the stun of 85.5 the money of Thomas Green. increase which the heed:brings forth. Similarly, IRS iaway I yet knees all the possibilities of currants, Mr. Mclntyre, seconded by Mr. T. Fletcher. They pleaded guilty to all three charges.—lnspector the annual amount of water consumed, b•ssed when they are healthy and their AMMO, borne Questions being invited, there was some discussion as Foster, stated that upon receiving information that a on the fact cf- one animel rsguiring 30 - litresLl .. home Here are some recipes, cut from the new edition- of to the disposal of the old guards. Raves stated that theft had been committed he made inquiries,' • d 'd t t '-00 000 IA))gallons THE LANCET :—" An s excellent Jelly, possessing a , a little Currant Cookery B Jok —and we recommend sixty of them were sold for .E 7 10s., and the remainder 1 consequence I ' qnence he in company with . . aClough an •hP C ' d per annum for the herd. These figures will THE BEST FOOD IS flavour of quite a natural character.- borne them to those of our readers who are on the . , g look-out were excises; ed for the new stakes by Mr. alynekyme. " home for new ideas for every-day cookery. 'Your eau That gentleman stated that he had seen various estate "' • - - e Tolley proceeded to the houses of the two defendants convey sonic idea of the scale on which cattle away Grocer is well supplied with the New Currant Coakery se , agents ;art other gentlemen in tie county, and had sue-Armin, i .I . iThey brought f' •' .8 done and arrested them, ey were to the Police in the Argentina and neighbouring 9 GOLD JELLIES. , 'hundred f . ceeded in selling considerably over a o the Station an after a considerable dt'admitted me they States, but after all they refer only to the stock of eave s Food • MEDAL ehton - Book, and will gladly give you a copy free. guards at 2s. and Is. 61. each. Whatever surplus he the offence. One tried to accuse the other, and after,which, ,is the largest stock one - made would he handed over to the committee.--it was held, as it is the fluent bred, by an individual etmewernsese... a great deal of trouble it was found that Dodd had WIDNES. For Against LANOASIIIIII: PCDDIN:i. pointed out by Mr. Bradshaw that the guards originally ' concern. Altogether the cattle population of the - Jarrow home 3 6 suggested the scheme. It appeared that the keys .• • -1.0 • e -e ex, ,d - 1 - which for more than So years has TffE FAMILY DOCTOR SAYS :—" We have nothing . Line a pie dish with good short crust paste ; line cost about £lOO ; but the Chairman said the committee „ Argemtna is neat...) ...6,,Y,,, ,t) amid in the 'Uruguay Warrington away 8 5 of -the safe were kept in a drawer in the sho were net yet in a position to estimate the loss. '-- over 6,g)0,000 head. . helped to preserve and build up the but unqualified praise, for they are Absolutely : .9 Oldham home 0 7 1 the edges of the dish, and brush over svith egg. a.so The following officers sail committee were elected :of the prosecutor. On the three occasions the - young life of the Country. When • Pure and free from adulteration." 26 Runcorn _...„ Treasurer,non. Mr. C. Plinston ; lion. Secretary, boys took the keys from the drawer, went e M.ignilt•nt Water Supply. st. 3 Broughton Mr. A, Fawcett ; Committee, Messrs. Baxter, G. J. into the house unnoticed, opened the safe and took The Commissioner describes the processes of prepared according to the direc- , , 10 Salford home 2 15 currants. Bake till set, and serve either hot or cold. ' tions given, it is easily digested and ' CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd.„ Browm J. H. Fletcher, Hudson, Allen, Grant, Moores, the rnoney, locked the safe again, and returned the manufacture, and meheS a special point of the 17 St. Helens 21 Barry home 31 6 QUEEN'S CAKES. Skelton, F. Timperley, W. A. Timperley, Vernon, I-ILSTON, CAMBRIDGE. . 31 Leigh 'Nov. 7 Wigan tee. Alluding to the suggestion that the tradespeople of by a maid-servant and they rushed to the back of Om Oxo is prepared varies from day to day, with n the • A COMPLETE DIET. - IRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM ' 11 Barrow - & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets. ' 21 St. Helens ...... Constable stated that. considering Dodd lied been s upon WnICA they are reared.- The FACTORY. METIIOD.—Beat the butter and sugar to a cream, work, the Chairman said that the contrary had been 28ere ion are most d Dee. 5 Wigan - before the Court once previously for stealing Ile details ot veterinary tamp-- •_. . convincing, •- • - ' d • I • ''' mind the magnificent. water supply described, e 12 Dewsbury away 1 teaspoonful of baking powder to lb. of flour and men's Association waited upon them and asked that thought it would be better for um to ge to a reforma- a- certain of their members should be co-opted on the diagrams being given comparing the volume of DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS 200 YEARS A SECRET. tory school.--Dadd'a father appeared in the witness . 19 Runcorn - -- * • • 2 water in the River Uruguay with that in the le ItAreta'neW remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing 25 small tins and bake for 20 minutes.- box and said that it was not a right thine to send GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES •, and he believed Mr. Allen, Mr. Calvert, and Mies . ' 0 Thames. - - ddkache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and all 26 Warrington - Faulkner had already been co-opted. the boy te a reformatory. Defendant was a good boy. - iseases'ofthe Kidneys, Scc. If you suffer, take one pellet For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has eeit -Jan. 1 There was some discussion as to the destruction of It was decided to remand Dodd for 7 days' to the 10,000-Mile Journeg. i Family Its curative action is wonderful in all hree times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses kept n one . ~ B 2 Rochdale all o WOUNDS. CUTS BRUISES, A 1 SKIN TROUBLES. ' D LEGS, and 9 Swinton - ... Backache, &c. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most 13 Australia # destroyed. This could not go on with impunity ; the delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has 13 Dewsbury home culprit was bound to be found and such an example f Or 3 boxes to DR. B eKER'S MEDICINE CO., quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Free for 23 Leigh _ home would be made of him that the whole country would 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTOWARE, LONDON, 145tamp5. GRANNIE COMPANY. NORWICH know.

30 Sal ford 'Feb. 6 Oldham away VI Batley

20 Barry' away 27 N. U. Cup War. (1 Wigan 13 Swinton 20 Broughton 2L Batley Apr. Rochdale home

. "„

SHEPHERDS' DINNER. The annual dinner and meeting of the" Love and Friendship," No. 1,Z51, Lodge of Ancient Sheyherds was held at the Viaduct Hotel on Saturday evening, when about CO members were present. Bro. Davies, P.P.C.S., presided.—Bro. Johnson gave the toast of the , Lodge, and tiro. Pilling responded. They started the year with 4G members. They had made 13 new ones this Tear and 30 juvenile members. This was one of the hest years they had had for 20 yeals. The Lodge began to fall off in 1891, but during the List ten years It had gone up amazingly.—Bro. Barry, P.D.C.S., gave "The Order of Ancient Shepherds," to which the Chairman replied.—A framed emblem of the Order was presented to Bro. R. Harrison for his arduous labours in the interest of the Lodge.

MaNa6,l,,Jkii

_ .

-

There was a suggestion that the trees were accidentally

broken, one member of the audience stating that a hay cart which came too near the kerbstone was responsible for the, damage. The Chairman said there appeared to be traces of the trees having been cut. However he hoped it was an accideut.

lhe meeting closei with it vote of thanks to the officers for their services.

-

for him to go to a reformatory— school. In reference to Nfoores, the Chairman (Dr. Fox), said he was sorry he was too old to receive a severe birchrod thrashing. The Chief Constable stated that defendant was the most stubborn and would not confess the thefts at first. The boy stated to him that he had got into bad corn- pony and they had formed a society of pilferers. The boy's mother said she could not understand how her boy had got into such trouble. Ere had always behaved well at home. Defendant was ordered to pay 10s. including costs in each case (305.) or go to gaol for 21 days.

77"

The article contains a nunile.!r of analyses, which will be exceedingly intercstinr44`o the medical • profession, and is illustrated with a number of photos of the country. Altogether the Lanced (:oininissioner gives a very interesting account of his 16,090-mile journey, and the article, Which covers twelve pages in the Lancet, is of real eaucational value, and .givos a clear idea of the dietetic properties of alnico, Oxo and Nursing Ow. The illustrations give just sufficient idea of the magnitude of the industry to make one realise that its greatness Can really only bo understood by those who have been fortunate enough to see the factories and farms for themselves.

VPX. •

-

• ; • ,• . .9,AP -

===== 0002601_19081121_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081121_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
_ RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

NOVEM BEE.

FRO al X% ARRIN °ION

- Acton brldge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 1210, 1 15. 2 55, a 3 35, 512, 5 52, 7 23 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. • Aredcesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22 5 30,7 11,8 35, • 58, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 4 42, ad2B, 7 20, 8 37; para. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (Land N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22, 5 30, T 11,3 35,9 All 42,11 55 a.m. 1 51, 4 42,6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. Chester-7 31, 8 17, 858, 95, 1028, 11 30 a.m 1230, 1 40, 20, 3 19, 422, 445, 530, 64, T 57, 85, 10 18, 11 18, 11 57, p.m. Sundays- -42, a.m. 745, 11 37 p.rn. Collins Green 7 11, 8 5, 8 23, 9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 1225, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 930, 10 35 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbnry-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 30,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, 6 4,8 5,10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham 11111-7 34, 95 a.m. 1230, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Barlostown-5 30,7 11,8 5, 8 23, 8 35,9 19, .M 15, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 45 40, 5 15, 637,78, 740, 9 30, 10 30, 10 35, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 835, 843 a.m. 510 60,757, 10 8 p.m• Fiddle:a' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.M. 1 53, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15,6 20, 80, 104 p.m. Sundays 5 a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 31, 9 5, 1029 a.m. 12 30, 20, 319, 422, 445, 530, 64. 757, 85, 10 18, 11 18 p.m. Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30,7 11, 835, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 40, 5 15, 720, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 34, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 530, 64, 8 5,10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Liam and Cad i shead -6 55,7 45,8 10,9 3,98,10 35a.m. 1 36,458,710,8 22,9 15,10 4, al I. 50 p.m. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 18 a.m. 3 15, 5 0, 7 18,9 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 111, 2 26, 3 33, 4 9, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25. a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 630, 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-al 40, 537, 7 5. 7 51, 85, 850, 95, 9 50, 10 33, 1050, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 18, bi 13, 1 50. 2.17. 2 50, 3 25, 3 50, 4 3, 4 15, 450, 50, 5 50, 6 6 50, 75, 7 50,8 0, 8 50,9 3, 9 45, 10S, 1040, blO 427b11 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, a Saturdays excepted, glundays 4 40. 5 37, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239, 4 46,6 22, 7 10, 8 29, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. • Liverpool (L. et N.W.)-n4 51, b 5 26, 7 11,7 27, 823, 919, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, Sl5, 6 20, 78, 740, 80, 9 30, 10 4, 10 35, ell 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 24, 5 18, 60,8 0, 108 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 717, 755, 830, 90, 955, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 1 11, 2 26, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 725, aB3O, 930, 41 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 40,b1l 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 45, a 4 45, b 4 66, 536, b 7 11, 85, 823, 8 33, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 17,1 15, 2 41.2 45, 3 31,4 0,4 26,5 15,553,6 33,7 20, 8 6, b 9 23, 10 30, a Mondays only, b Saturdays only. Sundays, 245,456,755 a.m. 5 15,8 0, 7 57, 9 3 p m. 5 53, 6 33,7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 9 40, 10 30 p.m. v.slondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchoster (C.L.C.)- G 55, 7 57, 8 10, 8 55, 93, 955 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 3 45, 355,, 4 55,4 58, 5 55,6 55, 7 10, 755, 822, 8 65, 9 15, 9 55, blO 4, 1)11 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 1118 aan 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 718, 855, 9 15,9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 10 20, it.m. 12 10, 1 15, 255, a 3 35, 5 52, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,1)4 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 919, 1015, 1040. 1055, 11 55, a.m. 1217, 1225, 1 15, 1 54,2 45, 3 31. 40, 4 26,4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 10 8, p.m. • Saturdays only. b Mon :lays only. Padgate-G 55, 7 45, 8 10, 8 40, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1219, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10,8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0,9 30 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45, 109, 11 53 a.m. 155, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 8 0, 10 4 p Sankey-7 5, 85, 5, 100, 11 10 a.m. 120, bl 0 ell 3, 221, 35, 4 20, 5 30, 6 26, 7 5,18 0, 910 blO 5,a10 42 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97, p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 9.39, 11.4, a.m. 1.27, 3.28, 4 20, 50, 1)6. 20, 6 26, 80, 9.10, 10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.32, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. alklandays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturcLays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 755 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 26, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 0 30 p.m. Sundays 630.8 46 .4.132.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station.

1:4 11 p. ' P-1 1 9 84 7 114 6 30 420, Co 12 45, only. Dar 8 49 Dun • 42, 8 Earl( 10 36, 5 43, 5 *420 a.t 9 57, 10 Fiddl LW. 12 Sundays Froden ' 1 48, 6 56, 7 24 p.m. Golborn . 130, 715 75 p.m. Helsby- -5 42. 6 4/, plata am 953, 10 23 8 Sundays 100 p.m. Latchford al 45,2 13. 3 951,c 11 41 I excepted. c 7 23 p.m. Liverpool I 81'2, s 30, j3O, 11 45 2 30, 255. 2 43, 35, 7 30, 8 3 11 35 p.m. a b Saturdays a.m. 230,3 15, 3 Liverpool (L. 35,9 5 9 30, 3 3 35,4 15,4 20, 4 5 1043. b 1115 P.m only. Sundays 7 3 Lyium-7 48,83 25, 2 50, 331, 4 11. 33 p.m. a Satu Sundays 8 15 a.m. Manehester(Centa 930, 033, 103 k 130, 2 30, 3 80,3 5 " 710, 830, 8:35, a Saturdays only 19 30 non. 1 40,2 Manchester (Lone 830,9 5, 945, 1045, A 5, 4 20, 5 15, 6 0, 7 1 Sundays 7 30, 9 20 a Moore-6 59,9 0,11 733 p.m. Suniisys 8 days and Saturdays cm Newton-le-WlllowB- - 13,10 29,11 8 a.m. 11 4 15. 5 33, 5 50, G 27, all 51 p.m. Sundays 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Satur Padgftte-G 27, 6 58, 20, 55, 620, 7 15,9 853, 11 11 a.m. 2 33, 0 Runcorn-5 55, 8 :34,9 3 2, 430, 5 40,6 30, S 12,1 3 4 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 33,5 135, 1 40,2 40, 3 48,4 35, 03.!, 11 43 p.m. Sundays p.m. Ilanthpf)rt-7 50. 60, 19 15 355, 525, 70,85, 9 2 11, 7 50. a Saturday onl Thelwall-7 51, S 36, 0 1 al 41.2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 19, b 11 37 p.m. Sundays, 819 a Satto4iya only. b Saturday

===== 0002601_19081121_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRING ON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 31,7 40, 8 54,939,10 57 a m. 12 31, a 3 0,3 65, 4 38, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays awl Saturdays only. Blackpool ( L &.N.-W.)-7 50, 822, 955, 1020, 11 10, 12 45 a.m. al 30, 3 3, 55, 6 48, 8 80,9 40,10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 10-a.m. 1 15, 4 52, 8 50, p.m. a Saturdays only. - Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Itortd)-7 8,8 30, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 23, 5 20, 70, 8 45, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 0 a.m. 137, 58, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 15, 4 20, 7 20, 8 45,9 39, 10 12, 1010, 11 45 a.m. 22. 25, 30, 3 50, 45, 520, 5 21, 30, 7 35, 8 10. 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 420,6 40,7 15 a.m..0 55, p.m. Coflins Groeu-6 30, 70, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 0, 3 5,3 56, 5 38, 6 42, 7 37, 9 6, 10 43, alO 53 p.m. Sundays 8 10 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays

- only. I)aresbury-8 0,10 15,11 21 a.m.2 44,4 44,6 6, 710 849 p.m. Sundays 753 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham THII- 7 34, 9 5),t0 52 a.m. 2.17,4 17, 5 35, 8 42, 823 p.m. Sundays 655 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 18, 8 45, 85). 9 IS, 9 45, 1028, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 114, 2 13, 327, 4 51, 43, 5 54, 11 55, 745, 88, 9 10, 939, JO 47, 10 55, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 32, 9 53, 957, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 2:1,10 16 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 51, 9 42, 10 45 LW. 12 3, al 2 59, 2 11, 3 27, 54, 6 2,6 58, 919 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Sarni days only. Frodsham -7 49, 9 0, 9 58, 11 1, a.m. 2 26, 4 9,4 26, fi 48, 6 56, 8 33, p.m. Sundays 7 12, 7 29 a.m. 7 24 p.m. Clalborne-5 14,8 25,10 17,a.m. 12 17,2 41, 4 30, 5 SO, 715, 9 25, 10 37 a.m. Sundays 940 a.m.

75 Helo4-741, 8 511,9 51, 1058, a.m. 210, 4 4, 4 22 142. 641, 8 24 p.m. Sunday 7 3,7 25 a.m. 7 18 p.m. plant and eadishead-S 16, 6 43, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, 9 53, 10 23 a.m. . 7, 2 15,4 54, 74,8 56, II 20, p.m. Sundays S 30,9 18,11.0 1)0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22, 6 55, 8 59, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55.8 40, 9 22, 10 0, 11 11 a.m. 120. al 45,2 19. 80, 338, 4 2:3, 1)539, 69, 6 49, 7 49, $54,c 11 41 p.m. a saturdays only. 1) Saturdays excepted. o Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 233, 7 33 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30. 730, 7 48, 812, s 30, S 36.9 15, 950, 983, 9 45, 10 30, 11 30, 11 45 a.m. 12 31, 1255, 13, 1 30." 145, 2 30, 255. '2 43, 40, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 33, 0 30, 35, 7 30, S 30, 8 36, 8 40,, 9 30, MO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 40, a.m. 2 30,3 15,5 50, 430. 6 15, 6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. bt N.-W.)-13 2 35,5 50, 610,70, 8 5, 35 9 5 9 30, 955, 11 0 a.m. 1221,120,245,30, 3 35,94 15,4 20,4 50,5 to 10,6 57,8 25, S 35,90,1)10 5 1043. b 1115 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20a.m.2 1.0,6 30,7 1.5,1045 p m. Lymm-7 48,832, 9 14, 9 52, 11. 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37 28, 2 50, 338, 4 15, h 5 31, 61, 611, 731, 945 it 33 p.m. a Saturrlaysonly. bSaturdaysoacepted Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25.7 15 p.m. Manehester(Central)-5 55,6 30, 7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, 930, 033, 1030, 10 35, 11 30 12 20, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 55, 4 30, 1 35, 5 30, 6 0, 6 30, 6 45, 730, 830, 8;35, 925, 1020; a 1055, 11 0 p.m, a Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 9 0, 9 30, Iso a.m. 1 40, 20,25, 6 0, 6 35, 30,9 4 0 p.m Manchester (London lload.)-5 50,6 45, 7 40, 8.5. 830,9 5, 9 45, 10 45, 11 10 a.m. 123.1, 1 5,2 40,3 40, A 5, 4 29, 5 15, 6 0, 7 15, 9 10. 9 30, 1035. 11 25 Sundays 7 50,9 20 a.m. 60, 10 35 p.m. Moore-659, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 43, 03 12,4 8, 4 50, 783 p.m. Sunilays 818 a.m. 458 p.m., a Mdnes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows- 6 55, 7 19, 840, 97, 9 29, 101310 29,11 8 a.m. 1235, al 5, a 1 28,3 7, 4 6.4 31, 4 15. 5 33, 5 50, G 27,7 41, 85. 986, 10 2, 10 59. all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 28, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgftte-6 27, 658, 80, 8 29, 90,10 3 a.m. 120 20, 55, 6 20, 7 15, 98. 10 25, 1132p.m. Sundays 53, 11 11 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 11 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 :14, 9 19. 10 26 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 3 2, 430, 5 40,6 30, S 12,10 20 p.m. Sundays 9 0 a.m.

„ 3 4 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 833,9 25. 10 10, 1033 a.m. 1230. 1 35, 1 40, 2 40, 3 43, 4 35,5 26, 5 36, 6 23,7 25, 8 15, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.n1,4 3 54 p m. 11;nthp,)rt-7 50. 90, 10 15,10 50, 12 25, 1 20, 2 40 355, 525, 70,8 5, 05,10 O. Sundays 9 0, 2a, 7 30. a Suturdny only. Thelwall-7 51, S 06, 9 18,9 51, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41.2 9, 2 55, 3 :31, 4 19, b 5 35, 0 5, G 45, 7 33,9 49, 11 37 p.m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 229, 719 p.m. a batta,&yi only. b Saturdays excepted.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL AND SAVIIIIIS BANK REGULATIONS

For further particulars see "Post Office Guide," at any Post Odice. POSTA G R STAMPS.

Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny stamps are now on sale at each post office. Price 23.

INLAND ,CORRESPONDENCE.

The term "Inland Correspondence" means cor- respondence posted within the United Kingdom, Including the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands. "Inland Correspondence" is divided into the following classes: (a) Letters (d) Newspapers (b) Postcards (e) Parcels (o) Halfpenny packets Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trans- , mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size. LETTER POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows : Not exceeding .1 ozs. in weight ...• Id. For every additional 2 0z5.... Id. A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a letter insufficiently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one foot in depth. POST-CARDS.

The prepaid rate of pnstage on every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable oa delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 5} incites in length by S. inches in width, or be less than 31 inches in length by 21 inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and finch wide) bearing the address may now be affixed to the address side of card. If any of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. HALFPENNY PACKET POST.

The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 2oz. in weight. Printed matter, Bco., not in the nature of a letter, may be transmitted by this method. NYC WSPAPEn POST.

The prepaid rate of postage on a registered news- paper, including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others is id. Newspapers not registered at the General Post Office are treated in the pcst like any other printed matter. - PARCEL POST. The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: For a parcel ... ... not exceeding 1 lb. 0 3 ,y exceeding 1 lb. I, 2 lb. 0 4 i, ff 2 lb. if 3 lb. 0 5 ff f f 3 lb. If , 5 lb. 0 6 ff ff 5 lb. ~ 7 lb. 0 7 „ If 7 lb. o 8 lb. 0 8 ff fl 8 lb. ff 9 lb. 0, 9 If ,' 9 lb. 1! 1.0 lb. 0 10 „ 10 lb. 11 lb. 011 o No parcel may exceed 111 b. in weight. The size allowed for an inland parcel is:— Greatest length... ... ... ... 3 ft. 6 in. Greatest length and girth combined 6 ft. 0 in. For example—A parcel measuring 3ft. 6in. in its longest dimensions as much as 21t. 61n. round its thiekeat part ; a short parcel may be thicker ; thus, if it measure no more than 3ft. in length, it may measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. The postage on a parcel must be prepaid. Mark each parcel" Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postage are in order before leaving. _ PARCELS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL).

Parcels aro accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similar to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The customs charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must • be prepaid. MONEY ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issuea single money order for more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a Id. can be contnined in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 2d. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, 4d.; £2O, Gd. ; £3O, Bd. ; £4O, 10d. By paying an additional 2d. and cost of the telegram. of advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. Moser _OtaDEItS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.)

The maximum amount for which a money order may be issued .for places abroad varies in each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ;£2,6d. ; and above that, 3d. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A fee of 6d. in addition to the ordinary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS.

These are obtainable at any money order office in the United Kingdom, and possess the advantage over money orders that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed, they can be paid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by pd., from 6d. to £1 Is. The poundage fees are up to 2s. 6d. ; hi. on to 155.; lid. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always fill in the name of the person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each-order is numbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should be retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- maater-Generel- will entertain no further claim after an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to make up odd sums.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
fELF,GRAMS (BLAND).

The Postmaster-General pOssesses,almost entirely, the privilege of transmitting,cellec,ing and deliver- ing telegrams in the United Kingdom. The charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of Cd., which covers 12 words, and an additional d. for each extra word. This charge includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a sub-office then within three Miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made front the office door. All charges are, as far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to he paid for, but sender's name if written on back of form need not be. . Five figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated on pa3rnent of half the original charge, which extra payment is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or bands(' to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost of registering an abbrevi- ated address, which must consist of two words, is Li Is. TELEGRAMS (FOREIGN ANT) COLONIAL) Must be Written on special forms and are accepted in the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK. These are established at all money order offices. In ordinary cases the annual deposit must not exceed LtO, and the total amount £2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children tinder seven years of age cannot he withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is . Is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps ' affixed to it Special form. Each depositor receives a hank book in which the amount of each deposit should he entered at the time of paying in. If the deposit is CI or over. a. special acknowledgment is sent from the head London office. Interest Is allowed at the rate of 2fper cent. Any amount up to and including LI may he withdrawn without previous notice, on presenting a bank hook. 'rho bank book should be _sent each year, postage free,

on the anniversary of the date when„ the accomit was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking rind adding interest. The withdrawal of money can bee xpedit4l.4 by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost Of telegrams. P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK LINE CHARGES. The fees for the use of the Trunk lines are as f oliows . For 25 miles or under ... 50 11. . I 75 tf 111 ...‘ 9d. „ Ito „ „ every additional 40 miles or fraction thereof... ... 6d. Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m., six minutes conversation is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced charge is made for three minute calls.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR. C.llt A:ID CYCLE REGULATION'S.

Eaci.roan-e.-rjust be registered with the council of a county or county borough, the fee being .EI bored motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A register a number is assigned to each, whieb it is an offence not to keep faxed whoa driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and oktainable from the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other

nffences. H The highest speed at which a car my he driven on the public highways is 20 miles an hour, which Is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula-

tions. It is an offence limier the Motor Car Act (1M), to drive a car in such a way on a public highway as to be dargero‘is to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to be presence of the motor car on the road, the river must supply his name and address, -and the twner and number of the car, under heavy penal- °die The driver must produceh is licence at tho Bequest of a police constable.

The Examiner, Saturday November 21, 19 CB.

The League team were showing excellent form, notwith- standing the weakness in the forward ranks. Their efforts at last were rewarded by Leytham slipping in at the extreme corner after a pretty round of passing. This score gave the League the lead for the first time during the game. They continued to overplay their opponents, and the Australians were indeed lucky to prevent further scoring. Tyson made a desperate effort, but was held a yard this side the scoring line, while Johnson missed a glorious chance by failing to take a pass from Jenkins. In the closing stages of the game the Australians were awarded a penalty, and Messenger added further to his reputation by kicking a wonderful goal from midfield. This was all the scoring, and the Australians ran out winners by 2 Eoals 2 tries (ten points) ; to 3 tries (9 points).

The Kangaroos. Results of the Tour to Date. For. Opponents • 0. T. P. Mid-Rhondda. 4 4 20 Bradford Rochdale Hornets 1 1 5 York 1 1 5 Salford 3 1 9 Runcorn 1.64. 3 1 9 Cumberland League ll 10 52 Leigh Dewsbury Yorkshire 3 6 21 Hunslet Aberdare Warrington Northern League 2 2 10

40 43 209

Flayed 14, won 9, lost 3, drawn 2.

Against. G. T. P. 020 1 3 11 0 0 0 1 1 5 3 1 9 2 1 7 5 0 10 1 4 14 3 3 15

FRIENDLY MATCHES. STOCKTON HEATII V. PADOATE.

1 3 11 1 3 11 2 2 10 2 2 10 0 3 9

22 28 128

These teams tried conclusions at Padrite on Saturday and the Heathens registered a creditable victory. The visitors won the toss and after about 15 minutes' end-to-end play T. Richmoud scored. &Stockton Heath pressed, but were driven back by the home backs. Shortly afterwards a successful movement took place between the home forwards, T. Buckley receiving and scoring a good goal. The' visitors were afterwards awarded a free kick, and from this W. Whitlow scored. Another visit was paid to the visitors' goal, but B. Isherwood saved splendidly. Just before half- time T. Richmond scored another goal. The second half was in favour of the visitors, for four nr)re goals were scored by them, and these fell to the lot of R. Perrin (two), J. Gillies and D. Swinton. The home tears scored a goal near to the close. Stockton Heath ran out winners by seven goals to two.

Sold everywhere In boxes, price 1111(56 pills) ct 219 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19081121_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL

THE NORTHERN UNION.

G. T. A.. G. T. P. *Warringtott 2 2 10 Australians

; YORKSHIRE CHALLENGE CUP—SEATI-FINAL. ' *Hunslet *Halifax

THE NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

Bradford North'rn 0 2 6 *Bramley 0 1 3 *Huddersfield *Salford *St. Helen's 2 2 10 Leigh 1 2 8 1 *Wigan lO 638 Rochdale Ilor. 1 1 51 Oldham 4 3 23 *Brought'n Ran. 0 1 3; *Wakefield Trinity 4 8 32 York 0 0 0 *Barrow 3 4 18 Widnes 1 1 5 ! *Runcorn Mid-Rhondda *Merthyr Tydvil... 0 3 9 Treherbert *Ebbw *Vale 4 5 23 Aberdare 1 1 5 I

===== 0002601_19081121_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

For ag'st P. W. L. D. G. G. P. Lyrom Earles town St. John's 8 6 2 0 32 8 12 ltylands Buttonwood Whitecross _ 6 3 3 0 18 14 6

W'gtou Albions Res. 3 2 1 0 10 6 4 Orford

Latchford 1 !al ton

===== 0002601_19081121_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
5 0 5 0 3 13 0

Bur ton wood IVesleyan..,

_ SECOND DIVISION. R'town St. John's Res. 7 7 0 0 N 2 14 Burtonwood Reserve 6 6 0 0 23 4 12 Newton Arnsteurs 7 5 2 0 14 7 10 Whitecross Reserve Thelwall Unitcd 7 4 3 0 16 16 8 Walker's

Lymm Reserve Frodsham Brotherhood 7 1 5 1 9 19 3 *Rylands Reserve 7 2 5 0 9 12 2 Halton Reserve 6 0 6 0 3 28 0 *N.(' points deducted for playing an ineligible man Matches for November 21st : Lyrum v. Whitecross. Burtonwood Wesley v. Earlestown St. John's. Draw for Second Round of "Observer " Cup. Costner Kellner v. f-Irklton Villa. Latchford v. Barnton villa.

Lymm V. Burtonwood Wesley. Sutton Commercial v. Whitecross. _

ika-rrington Albions v. Halt-on. Earlestown St.Jobn's v.Haydoilt or Clock Face A.F.C. Walkers' v. Marston United.

Burtonwood v. Itylands.

To be played on December 12th. Results for November 14th. Ist Division : Burtonwood 4, Rylands' 1. _ . . .

2n.(-.1 —D1144;12.: Earlestovin St. 'John's Res. 3, White- cross Res. 0.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS' LEAGUE.

RESULTS TO DATE.

--Goals--

P. W. D. L. For Agst. Pt Heathside Parochial Wycliffs 7 ' 5 0... 2 ... 13... 8... 10 Ar pl ey-street 7 . . 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 14 ... 16 ... 9 St. James' Beamont

Hamilton at—. 7 ... 1 ... 3 ... 3 ... 12 ... 15 ... 5

Trinity SiHer street 7 2 ... I ... 4 ... 10 ... 20 ... 5 St.lldrnabas' 5 ... 2 ... 0 ... 3 ... 7 ... 12 ... 4 St. Mary's Christ Church 7 ... 0 ... 3 ... 4 ... 9 ... 27 ... 3 St. Alban's.-- 8 ... 0 ... 2 ... 6 ... 1 ... 19 ... 2 Arpley-street and Ifamilton-street met on the ground of the former on Saturday. Despite the wretched state of the ground, a good game was witnessed. Though Hamilton-street held their own up to tbe interval they fell away in the second half end retired beaten 2-0. Clarke at centre played a good game for the witmers, while for Elamitton-street both the goalkeeper and Trantum, the right back, played well. '

Trinity with a weakened team were well beaten by the Silver-street boys, who were both fast and tricky. Nurse played specially well for the winners, and his good play led up to three of the goals. Though Trinity tried hard they could only notch one point against a good defence, and suTfereil defeat 4-1.

Parochial still carry all before them,and are certainly a splendidly balanced tcam. They quite overplayed the Wycliffe boys, particnbirly in the second half of the game, and ran out comfortable winners by 4-1.

St. James' and St. Mary's failed to come to a definite conclusior, there being no score when the whistle went for time. Both sets of forwards were lamentably weak in front of goal. 11/mo:side gained two points at the expense of Christ Church, whom they defeated 4-0.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE GRE.IT SANKEIr v. LATCIIPoRD UNITED.—Played at Sankey on Saturday. In the first half ltalphs scored for the visitors who red at luilf-time by a goal to nil. Resuming, the home teem went off with a rare dash,and completely surprised the visitors, T. Cook getting possession, nipped in between the backs and put Sankey on level terms with a grand oblique shot. A minute later the same player, receiving a pass from tho right, scored a second. The locals exerted greater pressure and P. %Ilford, working his way in, scored a third. T. Cook getting possession, gave to A. Houghton, who scored from short range. ileult : Great Sankey, four goals; Latchford United, one goal.

BILLIARDS.

• EM.M ANUEL CHURCH INSTITUTE V. RICHMOND'S EMPLOYES.—PIayed op Monday last. Scores :

, . EMMANUEL. , RICHMOND'S. .7. Shepherd 75 If. Eroadhurst 64 W. Bibby W. Bennett J.,l%lason B. 11. Armstrong ...... ... 13 W. Ta3lor J. Broadhurst . W. Massey

Tt.tal 42,11 Majority for Itichtuand's 50.

Total 472

The Premier Cocoa at Popular Prices. -

===== 0002601_19081121_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

Delightful flavour and easy to make.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

Sold by all Grocers, in packets and tins,

'

JOHN WALKER, & CO.

LITHOGRAPHERB. EGOKBINDERS. STATIONERS. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON

t

It

===== 0002601_19081121_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The Kangaroos at Warrington.

Brilliant Home Victory.

The event of the football season at Warrington was the visit of the Australian football team on Saturday last. There was rain in the morning, but the day improved and remained fine throughout the match. About 6,000 people assembled, the gate being a good one consider- ing that the lowest charge for admissson was is. Altogether the proceeds realised £lB7, of which the Australians take 70 per cent. Warrington had their strongest team in the field, and the only absentee from; the Kangaroos' ranks was the versatile Messenger, ' whose place on the wing was taken by Bailey. The teams lined out at 3 o'clttck as follows : Warrington—Tilley, back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and Trehearne, three-quarter backs Brooks and Jenkins, half backs; O'Neill, Dowell, Thomas, A. Boardman, P. Boardman, and Cheaters, forwards. Australia—Bolewski, back; Bailey,Morton,Devereux, ' and Frawley, three-quarter backs ; Deane and Hallo- way, half backs; Abercrombie, ,O'Malley. Burdon, ' Groves, J. Davies, and B. NValsh, forwards. Referee, Mr. R. Robinson, Manningham ' • touch judges, Messrs. W. Jones (Runcorn) and S. Grigson (Salford). Davies started, and the Colonials at once took up the attack, Devereux tricking his opponents well, and making an opening for Bailey, but the Australians' left wing was faulty, and Trehearne ran the ball out to half way. The game was hotly contested at the Warrington end, and twice Morton and Deane came within an ace of scoring, only Tilley's fine defence saving the situation. Eventually Warrington warmed to their work, but Bolewski gave a fine exposition of fell back work. Both Morton and Fish, in turn, failed at penalty shots. The Colonials should most certainly have turned a good opening made by Frawley to advantage, but in quick succession Fish, Brooks, Jenkins, and Neill made runs, , and the Colon'als had indeed a warm time of it. Fish with another shot at goal hit the post. The game was carried on at a hot pace, and eventually Neill made an opening for Brooks, who fell inches short. By the aid of the Colonial front rank, the Australians gained a I footing in the Warrington quarters, but their attack had no sting, and the Wirepullers retaliating, the home backs were seen at their best, and Neil throwing a .‘ide to Dickinson that player made an opening for Fish, I who, although tackled by Abercrombie, threw this player aside, and effecting. a really wonderful recovery, scored' wide out. Brooks failed at goal, and at the interval Warrington led by a try (3 points) to Australia nil. 1 Thomas re-started, and the pace was again of a hot description, the visitors showing poor judgment near 1 the line. Eventually Brooks cleverly eluded the 'Australian half backs, and Taylor made a rare dash. He was stoutly challenged near the line by Davies and Devereux, but despite their attentions he struggled over near the posts' and Fish added the goal. The Australians were not daunted by this reverse, for they played up manfully, and after Fish bad staved off this attack. Holloway broke away, and dodging through the defence he handed on to Courtney, who scored Australia's only try The point gave the Colonial's encouragement, I and they made gigantic efforts to break do s n the War- rington defence. A series of desperate scrums was fought out on the home line, and three times Bailey tried to force his way over but Tilley, Trehearne and Dowell tackled grandly. Brooks finally raised the siege with a run and punt to centre. Here the home front rank I broke away and P. Boardman dribbled over after Thomas had missed a chince at the corner. He was 11 given off-side, however, and the Australians escaped. Fish made an effort on the left and then the ball was sent to Dickenson who cleverly dropped a goal when surrounded by opponents. Final: Warrington, 2 goals 2 tries (10 points) ; Australia, 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19081121_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. SWINTON.

At Runcorn, before 2,000 spectators. In the first minute Jolley, Butterworth, and Deakin got to the Swinton line, but Townson returned. McDonald and Moran, however, soon forced the visitors back, and following a scrummage Flanagan got possession, and rated ever in grand style, Jolley failing with the• goal kick. The visitors were soon on the attack through a well-judged kick by Jones, and their foi wards dribbled over the line fat Bailey to equalise with a try, which in terval Flanagan failed to improve. Before the Flanagan added another try frit Runcorn, which Jolley failed to augment. Half-time score :—Runcorn, 2 tries (0 points), Swinton 1 try (3 points). After the interval Runcorn hold the upper hand, and before long Butterworth dashed through the opposing backs in grand style, registering a try. Langley failed at god. Near the close Jolley, Moran, and Flanagan handled the ball in brilliant style, which resulted in the last-named player getting over, Jolley failing with the goal kick. Resta :—Rur.corn 4 tries (12 points), Swinton 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19081121_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Sf. HELENS BEAT LEIGH.

Played at St. Helens, before 3,000 spectators. The home team included H. Greenwood, of Hebden Bridge, who appeared at centre. After some fast play, Bartou ran down the witig, and later gave to Hill, who cross- kicked to Lee, who went in under the posts. Lee improved. Leigh attacked on resuming, and Whittaker stealing away from Oro scrummage gave to Tom Johnson, who scored under the posts., S4rn Johnson kicked a goal. Leigh again invaded the home quarters, O'Neill scoring, but San) Johns ou failed to improve. St. Helens got to the Leigh quarters, where Flanagan beat Clarkson, and scored a grand try near the posts. Lee landed a goal. Half-time score :—St. Helens 2 goals 2 tries (10 points), Leigh 1 goal two tries (8 points). Thee was no score in the second half, the home side winning by 10 points to 8 points. WIDNES BEATEN BY' BARROW.

This game Wa3 played at Cavendish Park, Barrow, before 2,000 spectators. Play was interesting through- out, and after Jones had kicked a ready brilliant goal for Widnes, Logan made the scores level with an equally fine goal. Barber nAxt took tidvantage of an opening, and scored for Widnes,. and •Jones again made a good attempt to convert, the ball hitting the post: Barrow changed the venue, and with a elmracteristio dash MeMasters scored. an I Gifford added the goal. Half- time score :—Barrow 7 points, Widnes 5 points. In the second portion Widnes were without Barber, who had sustained a bruised shoulder blade. From a pass Fox scored for Barrow, end, a few minutes later the same player registio.ed his second try, the kicks being futile. Logan next secured in the visitors'" 25 "and dashed over, Friend landing a goal. Widnes rallied, but the play of Gifford was superb, and the game 6nded : Barrow, 3 goals 4 tries (IS points) ; Widnes, 1 goal I try (5 points).

NORTIERN LEAGUE v. AUSTRALIANS. GREAT GAME AT GOODISON PARK.

The B,OOD spectAtors who alrieattiled on the Doodison Park grourvl, on Vednesday afternoon, to witness the match between Australia and a picked team representing the Northern Union League, went away thorourthty satisfied that they had seen one of the best expositions of the handling code. The Australians in this match were seen to better advantage than in the game against •Warrington on Saturday, where they were ateservelly beaten. The game from the commencemeut was contested in robust style, neither side giving any quarter. The Australians Wejo the first to open the scoring, a pro- longed attack ending in Deverenx dashing over at the corner, after petty passing. This success seemed to nettle the League teimi, who made valiant efforts to get on level terms. Brooks set the backs going, and Jenkins forced his wily over arid scored. With the teams on level terms, the pace became a craolser. Barely had the game restarted than the Australians were again leading, for G. W. Smith being penalised for not playing the ball, Mersoi.ger obliged with one of his famous goal-kicking feats from near the half-ray line. It was at this point that Holreyd had a rib broken and bad been carried off the field. Johnston was brought out of the pack to take his place. With an advantage forward, the Australians began to assert their superiority. After Dean had missed two golden opportanities, Holloway scrambled over near the posts. The position was an easy one, but Messenger, the great goal-kicker, failed eith the shot. This lead ought to have been further increased, for Devereux, after a great run and kick, missed the simplest of chances by knocking toraard with the line at his mercy. Leytham gave his side much-needed relief by totichin'g down when hotly pressed by O'Malley cod Burdon. This advantage n-as supplemented by Brooks, who bluffed the orpoeing halves, and transferred to Leythaai. The latter executed one of his characteristic effolts, tut in the race to ground the ball over the line he was .beaten. The attack was maintained, and after brilliant passing between Brooks' G. Smith, Jenkins, and Lel than', the latter was hauled down close to the line. He managed ,to repass to Jenkins, for that p!n:ccr to •force his way ' over, with two opponents clinging round him. The interval arrived with the score : Australians, 8 points; Northern League, 6. Ttte second halt opened in brisk fashion, both sides exerting themselves to the utmost. The ball was swung about by the respective Lacks in wonderful fashion.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING PRINTING

PRINTING

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

John Walker & Co.

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITUOORAPHERS.

Examiner Office, BEWSEY STREET.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for ; the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial ~• Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

fsvolcEs, Ruled or Plain, printed to any else or pattern on b:ue, white, or fanay paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest vyle, from modern type, and of the beat worhmansbip.

PROGRAMME', fir Entertninment, !Concerts ac., ha the latest artistic style.

%.ThPECIAL facilities for all "ikids of EDUCATION WORKS.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Printing

Bookbinding Lithography.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPIION BOOKS Printed. found, INumber ed and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of song, Festivals, &e.

CAIALOGUEiI for Public snd Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

PRICE LIM'S Printed on card or paper illas trated,lf required.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS 11Dit

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest Doster in the district,

60in. x 401 n. in one sheet.

EVWY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCH ED IMES AND CATALOG DES.

r.CONCERT BILLS AND PRoGRA:!-YESESI INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS,

?ANIPHLETS, rIMR BOOKS, MILL WORK,' CATALOGUES,. CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES,'

BALANCE SI•1BRITS, • EXECUTED AT 81I0ET NoT/ CEA.

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIEUCION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEE risas FOSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

===== 0002601_19081121_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET FIXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPH' NG

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET.

WIN

===== 0002601_19081121_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

,

. -

r.

_

===== 0002601_19081121_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
t

X

Ring up

Telephone No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
QUESTIONS FOR TARIFF REFORMERS.

Vl.—lf Protection gives "two jobs to every man," how is it that at the end of March, 1908, one out of every three Trade Unionists in New York State was unemployed.

- The report of the New York State Labour Depart- ment on employment in the first quarter of 1908 shows ' that out of 387,450 Trade Unionists reported upon, as i many as 133,131,0 r 331 per cent., were out of work. It will be seen that the number of men reviewed is , considerable, and large enough to give a result of ' value. Aid that result is, one in three out of work. The report also enables us to trace the record of former years. Here are the official figures, taking us back to 1897 : TRADE UNIONISTS IDLE ON TEE LEST DAY OP mnuen. Number Per cent. 1897 ... 43,654 ... 30-6 1898 ... 37.857 ... 21-0 1899 ... 31.751 ... 18-3 1900 ... 44 336 ... 20-0 1901 ... 42 244 ... 185 1902 ... 36 710 ... 136 1903 ... 41.941 ... 121 1904 ... 103 995 ... 27-2 1905 ..• 54 916 ... 15-1 1906 ..• 37 237 .•. 99 1907 ... 77 270 ... 191. 1908 ... 138 131 ... 351 There have thus been eight very bad years out of twelve. The figures quoted refer to all kinds of unem- ployment, whether arising from lack of work, sickness, accident, labour disputes, or other cause, but lack of work is by far the largest contribu- tory cause. At the end of March, 1908, the unemplcyment from lack of work amounted to ninety per cent of the whole. Nine out of every ten of the 138,131 unemployed were out of work from lack of work. So that at the end of March, about one Trade Unionist in every three in New York State was out of work because there was no work for him to do.

L. G. C. 11.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

Warrington Nursing Association. Sir,—May I urgently ask for a good attendance of sutscribers and sympathizers at the annual meeting on Tuesday evening next at the Town Hall. We have reached a very important stage in the history of this eneficent institution, and to my mind there is orily one of two courses staring us in the face—either we- must increase our annual income or we must reduce our staif.— Yours, ac., ONE OF THE COMMITTEE.

A Call to Duty. Sir,—Last week I wrote under the above heading calling public attention to what I consider to be exceptional poverty through unemployment, and sug- gested that someone in each ward should undertake tn investigate all cases that Call3o to their notice. I further suggested that all those who cared to give any- thing for this purpose should communicate with me so that the distribution could be organised. Since offering my services in this work, and making myself responsible for Whitecross,Ward I have been called away to other duties which will prevent me from carrying out my desires in this direction. How- ever, the work is to go on, and may I ask that all communications be sent to Mr. E. Randles, 76, Cart- wright-street, Warrington, who has willingly agreed to act in ray stead.—Yours truly,

'W. POOH',

10, Bostock-street, Warrington. November 170,1903.

Are Co-operative Dividends Income I Sir,—Will you permit me through your columns to thank those gentlemen of the Council who have been instrumental in raising this question. The matter has no doubt arisen through the agitation that is continu- ally being made to tax the profits of Co-operative Societies in the same way as private companies are taxed. The position is manifestly an unfair one as in the ordinary sense of the term no profits are made.l That which is called " profit "in our balance sheets is simply the difference between cost of goods, plus distribution expenses, and the price these are sold for. i This difference s returned to our members in propor- tion to their purchases and is really a " Discount " and in no sense increases an individual's income. The matter has already been the subject of a Departmental Com- mittee Enquiry whose report was given in June 1905. In one portion of this report the Committee say, "This dividend,is clearly not profit, but merely a return to members of sums which they have paid for their own goods in excess of cost price." We shall be pleased to give any information in our power or to assist any of our members who are in difficulty over this question.—l remain, yours sincerely, J. JARMAN, Secretary, Warrington Co-operative Society. November 11th, 1903.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDING. Langdale—Willcocks.

- A pretty wedding which arowsed considerable local interest took place at the Warrington Parish Church, on Thursday, when Mr. Henry Langdale, M.D., Stanley House, Warrington, son of the late Mr. William Langdale, of Rnsholme, was married to Miss Dorothy Annette Willcacks, daughter of Mrs. IVillcocks, Stanley Placer Warrington, and the late Rev. E. J. Willcccks, MA, formerly headmaster of The Boteler Grammar School. The Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) peifortned the ceremony, assisted by the Rev. James Forbes, vicar of St. Cuthbert's,Darwen (brother-in-law of the biicle). The choir was in attendance and Mr. F. M. Darby,Mus. Bac. presided at the organ, the musical portions of the service being' most tastefully rendered. The bride, who was given away by her mother, was charmingly attired in white satin, trimmed with old Limerick lace, and carried a lovely bouquet of roses and lilies of the valley. Her ornament was a brooch of diamonds and ruby, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were two children : Nancy Forbes (niece of the bride) and Ourol Samuels (niece of the bridegroom), who wore pretty picture costumes of blue Liberty satin, with white lace caps. Their posies were composed of pink carnations, and they wore pearl brooches, the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. Percy Samuels of Kntitsford, discharged the duties ofibest man. After the wedding, which was very quiet, there was a family gathering at luncheon in the Masonic Rooms, Bold street. Later the happy couple left for London and the South Coast, the bride's travelling dress being of Peon blue cloth with black hat. They were the recipients of numerous handsome presents.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

'TERRIERS" v. RICHMONDS.—The first of a series of billiard matches was held at the Sergeants' Mess, Drill Hall, on Wednesday, between sergeants of the 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment and Messrs. Richmond and Co., Ltd., which resulted in a win for the" Terriers" by no points. Scores : " TERRIERS?' RICHMOND'S. Sergt. Ashton Col.-Sergt. Allardice ... 100 Mr. Taylor . GO Sergt. Knight 2nd MasterSerg.Wilcock 100 Mr. Warburton 7B Sergt. Major Ingram ... 100 Mr. Sheppard Col.-Sergt. Woods Col.-Sergt. Jolley 7O Mr. Woods Col.-Sergt. Moss Col.-Sergt. Russell

Majority for Sergeatta, 50.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Fire at the Cable Works.

About one o'clock on Thursday morning many people were aroused from their slumbers by the prolonged sounding of the "buzzer " at the works of the St. Helens Cable Company. The cause of the alarm was the discovery of a fire in the store-room,but bappily h did not assume serious proportions. Information was telephoned to the Warrington Fire Station, and a large contingent of men under the com- mand of Superintendent Turner and Deputy Superin- tendent Turner quickly turned out with both engines. When they arrived the " buzzer" was still giving forth unearthly sounds. A good supply of water was obtained and the flames were got under control in about twenty minutes. The superintendent and a number of the firemen, 13 ith one of the engines, remained on the scene for several hours. The damage, which is comparatively slight, is covered by insurance

===== 0002601_19081121_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 21,1908.

sure every sportsman present who indulged in any form of sport in which one had to kill something, believed in putting the poor creature out of its suffering as quickly as possible. (Uear, bear.) They would all I agree that

NOTES ON GAMES AND , 1 ATHLETICS. I TO PROLONG, THE SUFFERING I was simply brutality. (Hear, hear.) There they must ' I draw the line. He remembered in the old days John ', Rugby Football. _ 1 , Bright frequently went salmon fishing with his (Mr. I --- I The members of the Warrington and District Bowling Crosfleld's) uncle in Scotland and, peaceful old I "By Ovalist." At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before Association held their aunual dinner at the Lion Hotel Quaker as he was, be was glad to enjoy the sport as ' . his Honour Judge Shiress Will,K.C. Henry Ellis Vane, lon Saturday evening, and the function proved a great well as anybody else, and apparently without being' The Australians have been and have suffered defeat auctioneer, Liverpool-road, sued this executors of the success. At the smoking concert which followed, the troubled with the feelings of the fish at the end of the at the hands of the Wirepollers, iti3t as their pre- late Mr. John Maginn for the return of a gold watch. President (Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P.) presided, and also line. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Crosfield) must confess decessors, the MI Blacks did, only more decisively. Mr. A. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. W, discharged the pleasing duty of presenting the cup and that he had never been able to let that interfere with Warrington usually rise to a great occasion, and on J. Forshaw represented the defendants. prize* won in the summer competition. The champions what fun he had got out of fishing, but still he would S.,_urd,..ay they played as they did when they won the IMr. Browne, in opening the case, said he had never iof the League are Bull's Head with Rylands Bros. as just put the consideration' to that assembly that I had the honour of appearing against a Mayor as advocate runners-up. Mr. Crosfield was accompanied at the cross there was this to bp said for games ; they could enjoy N.U. U URI), and their form was altogether too good for 1 ; before, and he would like to say whst satisfaction it ' table by Mr. Robert Pierpoint, Alderman Evans, them without giving pain, inconvenience or suffering the Kangaroos. A fine struggle for supremacy was I I gave him to know that cue of his legal brethren had , Councillor Roberts, Councillor Nield, Mr. George Ball, to any creature. (Hear, hear.) He considered that was witnessed, and the homesters after starting badly a great advantage games possessed, and it was a reason practically played i been elected to such a high office. The local solicitors juna, (chairman of the committee), Mr. F. W. the visitors to a standstill, the : victor being secured by 10t 3 I had already taken the opportunity of congratulating his ; Upton (hon. secretary),Mr.G.F.Freeman (hon.treasurer) why one could wholeheartedlyan one's own little circle, y 0 points o . Worship. I and Mr. J.Willett. Ido whatever opportunity allowed to help on those I His Honour ; I desire to add my humble I THE LOYAL TOAST. different kinds of English sport. (Applause.) Speak- It was a serious handicap to the Kangaroos to have I . congratulations.*n at another pleasant gathering earlier that evening, Mr. The PRESIDENT, in submitting the toast of "The 1 g . . . e' to take the field without Messenger, their crack wing ; I Mr. Forshaw : Thank you, your Honour. he ventured to suggest to their Australian friends that , , King and Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales and Mr. Browne, continuing, said the claim was peculiar 1 the other members of the Royal Family " said that in ; while we heard a great deal about what England had to tureequarter and goal kicker. There is probably not I owing to the death of Mr. John Magian, who was a, no assembly of Englishmen was it necessary to recom- learn from Germany, we might just as well remember a finer all round man playing the game to-day, , 1 and Warrington men can best realise how peace and highly respected. The executors were his an assembly of English sportsmen. Though he was (Hear, hear.) He was happy to know that much his absence mea. by reflecting on 1 well-known Warrington gentleman, a justice of the , mend the toast of his Majesty the King, least of all in that Germany also had something to learn from us. 1 widow and Messrs. Patrick and Felix Maginn, his one of the busiest men in England and was happily I OUR GERAIAN FRIENDS Wanington's chances without Fish. The home i brothers. Both the plaintiff and the late Mr. Maginn . able to take a prominent part in so many forms of , were not above taking a leaf out of our book and that they were cultivating games on an extensive plan, in team would have had very groat difficulty in gaining I I I were auctioneers, having acted together in different ' activity, his Majesty always manifested the greatest ' their usual methodical manner, through the various i the verdict on Saturday but for the superlative skill of , ' towns, and were constant companions in business, possible interest in sport, and that surely was one ; schools, arid developing a kind of physical and athletic 1 I Fish in scoring the opening try. The Australians, Numerous transactions passed between them. treason why at a gathering like that his health should ;: Prisoner's statement of the case was that in July his ' capacity for which our Teutonic friends over the water though they showed great determination and dash, did always be drunk with the utmost enthusiasm and had not always been quite so signally distinguished as not display much cleverness, and there is no doubt auctioneer's licence became due for renewal and as he , loyalty. (Applause.) The Queen had always had a ' we ventured to flatter ourselves we in England were, the genius of Messenger was missed, particularly in , had not sufficient money to pay for it at the time, he warm place in the hearts of Englishmen and they all That was a move in the ',right direction—(hear, hear.) I mentioned the matter on elonday,July 13th toalrealaginn joined in wishing their Majesties long life, health and punting and place-kicking. I have seen the tourists I who advanced him £8 for which he received plaintiff's i happiness. in 1 Waile the spread of golf, a game" to which be had been (Applause.) They admired the way ; three times now, once when they were beaten by I i.o.u.Plaintiff promised to repay it next aay,if possible, sadly too-muchb .dd addicted in days gone by—(laughter)— ; which the Prince and Princess of Wales and other mem- ILeigh, but they were never overplayed as they were I from the proceeds of the sale he was holding that after- he aid aitat it still—(renewed laughter)—had been ; bers of the Royal Family fulfilled so many public duties , noon. Mr. Maginn called at his office next day and J Ito the greeted t fd helped to further , van age theo State anquite phenomenal in this country, it was a more remark- on Saturday. In fast the best team lost at Leigh, plaintiff paid him £5 10s. As Mr. Maginn was in a all good causes in the country. (Applause.) I able fact to see how the game of bowls was making whereas Warrington were clearly value for hurry to catch a train he did not get a receipt. He, I The toast was heartily honoured,the National Anthem headway amongst even larger numbers of the population. their scoring margin last Saturday. however, trusted Mr. Maginn, as he had done thousands , being sung. (Applause.) Reference hed been made in a very happy I of times before. On the Wednesday plaintiff called at' speech by Mr. Pierpoint to Mr. Maginn's office in Rylands-street to pay the balance " WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT BOWLING THE ANTIQUITY OF THE GAME. of £2 10s. but Mr. Magina was not in. He called three ASSOCIATION." IHe carried them back to the spacious days of Queen times on the Thursday without seeing Mr. Maginn, and Mr. It. PIERPOINT proposed 'The Warrington and Elizabeth, which always appealed to the imagination. on the last visit he asked Miss Hall, an assistant, for an , District Bowling Association." He said bowls appeared How much further they could trace the history of the ! , envelope in which he placed £2 10s. and handed it to , to him to be a perfectly excellent game in very many game he did not know, but he did not think it could her with instructions to give it to Mr. Maginn. On ways. It had the advantage of lending itself to the claim as great antiquity as cricket which was even Monday, the 13th, when the loan was arranged, the ' efforts of the young, the middle-aged and the old, mentioned in the Bible. He did no's like offering them plaintiff had a gold watch in his possession. It belonged (Hear, hear.) It was also a game that men could play a chestnut after the excellent repast of that evening, to a Mr. Rhead who had given it to him to sell ,without that personal antagonism which they sometimes but still one called to mind the occasion on which "Paul , and had placed a reserve price of £5 less corn- saw in other games, and moreover it was calculated to stood up with the eleven and was bold." (Laughter.) mission on it. Mr. Maginn happened to ask what bring men together with good feelings towards each Bowls, however, could claim to be a very ancient time it was, and plaintiff produced the watch ' other and to make good fellowship. The game of bowls pastime. In the reign of Richard 11. there was a law from his pocket and asked Mr. Maginn to buy I was very old, even in Warrington itself, but he was in this country forbidding artificers and operatives to it for his son Jack. Mr. Maginn said he did not think 1 given to understand by Mr. Willett that the increase indulge in the game of bowls because it had he would, but if the watch was worth the money he r , ately had been very large indeed. They had, besides made such great headway that it was interfering with might sell it for him. Plaintiff thereupon handed the ' other bowling greens which had existed practically, archery. (Laughter.) There were records of this watch to Mr. Maginn. He denied that the arrangement : time out of mind, the greens of Messrs. Crosfield, game, which was now enjoyed by hundreds of with regard to the watch had anything whatever to do i Whitecross, Rylands' Bros. and Monks, Hall and Co. thousands of people in England, being played as far with the advancing of the £B. Before Mr. Maginn's who were all joining in getting their men to establish. back as the early part of the 13th century. At that I death, plaintiff called at the office to ask for the watch I self-supporting clubs, to make them associations where time he believed they used stone bowls and instead of a ; but the clerk told him that Mr. Maginn was ill. How- 1, men would feel that they were independent and at the jack they had a curious little cone. After that they ever, he said he would mention the matter to him. Mr. same time play matches which would create a really used to play without any kind of jack, trundling the , Magian died on August 15t and afterwards, as Mr. howl down and following it up with one of the same ' good and proper rivalry accompanied by good feeling. 1 Rhead was threatening proceedings for the recovery of i They had a very classical precedent for the coolness of size. As with golf and other games, so in bowls there ; the watch, plaintiff wrote to Mrs. Maginn requesting judgment, skill and the rest which seemed somehow to had been an evolution. The pastime had developed that it should be returned and received a reply stating until they now saw it engaged in throughout the be connected with bowls. At the time when that if he would let the executors have the cash which ' England was in stress and men like Hawkins I country, and not least on the beautiful greens they M. Maginn had advanced they would be pleased to I, and Frobisher were told that the Armada was were proud to possess in Warrington which were a return the watch, but on no other condition could they .in sight they were busy at bowls and Picture to look at and still more pleasant to have a band it over. Plaintiff wrote stating that he would be ' like the cool, calculating men that they were, about to little sporting tussle on during the summer months. sorry to let anything come into Court with regard to! win a much bigger game than bowls, they finished their (Hear, hear.) With regard to the work of the Warring- himself and his lost companion, and At would never , game before they attended to further business. (Laugh- ton and District Bowling Association, he was sure they have come to that if Mr. Maginn had lived. He had; ter and applause.) Mr. Pierpoint coupled with the must all subscribe to the practical and most useful never been guilty of pawning other people's goods and toast the name of Mr. George Ball, jun., remarking that suggestions which had fallen from Mr. Ball, because say the executors should suggest it he did not know,l whether it be by precedent or accident, there was no it would be a great pity if that organisation did not go By Mr. Forshaw : The ..C8 was advanced to hint on , name he could couple more reasonably with the toast straight ahead and take a still more prominent and July 13th and not on the 11th. Ile admitted that the , because it appeared to him that a bowl was, after all, extensive part in the bowling of their old town and of counterfoil in Mr. Maginn's cheque book, now pro- I only a ball. (Laughter and applause.) this part of Lancashire. He wished all success to its duced, was dated July 11th. I Mr. BALL, in responding, said the Association was work and while he could not honestly promise Mr. Forshavv : Will you swear that Mr. Maginn did I trying its very best to advance the interests of the to do a great deal, he could assure them that not ask you for some security for the £lO he was going I game in Warrington and district, but he was anxious what little help he could give would be to advance ? Ito see it making much greater headway. At present given very whole-heartedly indeed. (Applause.) He Plaintiff : I will. Never in his life did he ask me there were only seven clubs in the Association, and that was certain Mr. Ball's appeal, if brought before those for security. was not at all adequate for a town like Warrington, who were in a position to further the interests of the What is the date of the i. 0.0 ? (produced)—July 11th. where the material they had to work on was.the best League, would not be in vain. In conclusion, Mr. - Did you ever apply to Mr. Magian for the watch ? in Lancashire. He did not see why the political clubs Crosfield thanked thorn all most heartily for the extreme Yes, through the clerk, should not join the Association. It was a source of kindness and generosity with which they had received But not by letter ?—No, pride that bile Association had been able to do some- the toast and expressed the hope that they might meet Did Mr. Reeves, Mr. Maginn's clerk, call on you on thing in the cause of charity. Their opening match together at similar functions for many years to come. July 16th ?—He might have done so. with Ryland's Bros. last season realized £7 13s. 4d. for (Applause.) "THE VISITORS." Did he ask you for the balance of .£5 10s.?—No. He the Infirmary and they hoped to have a-similar charity it J. WILLETT proposed the toast of "The Visitors." never asked me for any account. Mr. Reeves has never match with their Whitecross friends on the new White- Councillor NIELD responded and referred to the come to me for an account of any description since I cross green at the beginning of next season.(Applause.) bowling greens which are included in Messrs. Rylands have known him that lam aware of.Bros'. recreation scheme. He had already seen many DISTRIBUTION . OF PRIZES Didn't you tell him you were hard up and were happy games on the single green which was at present selling e bicycle for o£4 ?—No, I never sold a bicycle Mr. Gnome/es, then distributed the prizes. He said available and he hoped that when the other three were because I was hard up. they were all delighted to have Alderman Evans and opened they would result in a great accession of interest Further questioned, plaintiff admitted that he , Councillor Roberts with them that night and they most in the pastime. Some people seemed to think that the had sent in a claim against Mr. Maginn's estate of heartily congratulated both these gentlemen and all the provision of so many greens in connection with works £l6 2s. 6d. for piano tunings, and there was no mention members of the Bull's Head Club on their great success would be to the detriment of the greens already exist- in the claim of the gold watch. He applied personally in winning the championship. Considering the extra- ing, but personally he did not believe. it. The more to Mrs. Maginn for it, because be thought it was a ordinary spread of the game and the consequent greens they constructed, the more would be in demand, personal matter, intensifying of competition in bowls, the double victory and if bowling was not already a craze in Warrington Re-examined by Mr. Browne, plaintiff said he went which their friends of the Bull's Heacj had achieved it would soon become one. (Applause.) on one occasion to see Mr. Magiun with a view to in winning both the Lancashire and Cheshire Associa- During the evening a capital musical programme was Fettling up, but found him so upset that he could not tion and the Warrington and District Association cups submitted, and Mr. Crosfield remarked that Warrington. do anything. was really a very signal triumph. (Applause.) The was to be congratulated on possessing such fine vocal Valentine Rhead, steel worker, Earlestown, said be runner--up in the Warrington Association were Messrs. talent. Mr. J. Wialett sang " Ailsa Mine," " Mona" gave instructions to Mr. Vane to sell the watch for £5. Rylands' Bros. team and he was sure all would agree and" Mary" with expression and had several encores. He had repeatedly asked Mr. Vane for its return. He that it was a groat credit to a ncw team like that to Mr. T. Humphreys was equally successful in those was at present unemployed, and should insist on the gain the second place in such a 'tompetition, stirring songs "The Yeomen of -England "arid " I fear return of the watch or its value. (Applause.) no foe in shining armour" and he also sang " Drinking" Arthur E. Hill, formerly in the employ of the late In handing the Cup to Mr. A. G7eave, captain of the with great success. Mr. Tynan gave a couple of Mr. Maginn, said he remembered going into the Bull's Head team, Mt% Crosfield said it give him sincere humorous songs. The accompanist was Mr. J. Foster Rylands-street office one day after Mr. Maginn's death pleasure to make the presentation and he hoped the and seeing an i.o.u. signed by Mr. Vane on the table. Bull's Head team would win the trophy again. He asked a man who was employed there as a polisher (Applause.) if Mr. Vane had paid the money, and be said he believed Mr. GLEAVE said that was the third time Bull's Head he had, whereupon witness said the i.o.u. should be had won the cup. He had had the honour of receiving destroyed or put on one side. As far as he knew, Mr. three cups this year, but he thought the Warrington Vane and Mr. Maginn trusted each other implicitly, association cup was as handsome as any of them. If For the defence, Mrs. Alaginn was called and said they could only get more support and induce more I she remembered her husband bringing the watch home teams to join, the Warrington Association would be about July 11th. He gave her instructions— one of the leading associations of the country. They Mr. Browne objected to the conversation being taken had a president, committee and secretary second to ,as evidence, and his Honour upheld the objection. none. (Applause.) ' Mrs. Maginn however, continued her statement to The prizes were distributed as follows: the effect that 'l\ Ir. Maginn told her he had lent Mr. Bull's Head Team : Messrs. A. G:ea ve, H. Fogg, II Vane some money and that she must put the watch in Fairbrother, IT. Williams. J. Berry, E. Shew, C. Roberts, the safe and hand it back to Mr. Vane when he had J. .Tolley, J. Gleave, J. Swanton, T. Hackett, and W. repaid the loan. She acted as cashier at Raddon Court. Andrews. The only portion of the £8 she had received was the Rylands' Team.—Messrs. George Holbrook (captain), £2 10s. which was entered in the lodger. The instruc- T. Woods, George Monks, R. Sivory, W. Cottam, H. tions of her late husband prompted her to defend the Haslani, R. Knight, F. Miller, J. Wells, George Shaw. action. Each of her acne possessed two watches. and W. Roughley. _ Samuel Reeves, clerk in the employ of the late Mr. The prizes won in the main were handed to the John Maginn said that in accordance with Mr. Maginn's following : 1, and cup, J. Broadhurst ; 2, J. Egerton ; instructions he saw the plaintiff and asked him for the 3, George Ball ; 4, J.- Bedworth ; 5, H. Williams ; 6, C. balance of the loan—Xs 10s. Vane said he was short of Millington ; 7, W. Stokes ; and 8, J. Walker. money but he was selling a bicycle for which he hoped to "THE PRESIDENT. get £4 and he would then refund the money. In conse- quence of the plaintiff asking about the watch, witness Conncillor ROBERTS proposed the health of "The saw him again and told him that Mr. Maginn said he President," and said he was sure they all felt over- could have the watch back on payment of the balance. wbelmed with gratitude at Mr. Crositeld's presence. Vane said he had not been paid for the bicycle. Witness He was ever ready to give his support to all kinds of was questioned as to the reason why he had not sport and to come amongst them and do his best to help entered the loan in the cash book until July 16th, and forward bowls and other games. He was never appealed he said it was because Mr. Meginn expected to receive to in vain. Recently they had the honour of Mr. Cros- the money on the Tuesday as promised. field, as president, presiding over the meeting of the His Honour said that in his opinion plaintiff's claim ; Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association in Man- failed. In the first place, when the money was borrowed 1 chester. He was a gentleman of whom they were all an i.o.u. was given and therefore be was to expect proud, for he possessed that true and honourable instinct that when the loan was repaid a receipt would of an English gentleman, and they would always be be given. Plaintiff's statements was that when grateful for what he had done for them. (Applause.) he paid the £5 10s. no receipt was given hut The toast was drunk with musical honours, and hearty the reason he put forward was quite insufficient, cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield. It was that Mr. Maginn was in a hurry. If that were so, AIR. CROSFIELD'S SPEECH. the receipt ought to have been sent as soon as his hurry was over, and if not sent, it should have been asked for Mr. CROSFIELD in reply said that once more it was but plaintiff did not ask for it. That was the first his pleasure to thank friends in Warrington at a non- -circumstance of suspicion in the case. There were two political gathering like that, where all shades of opinion other circumstances of great suspicion. One was that could meet together on the common ground of English ' the owner of the watch, who was now unemployed, came sports and outdoor recreation, and very sincerely did to swear that he handed it over to Vane to get a be thank Councillor Roberts for the kind and too certain sum for it. He was not satisfied about that tale, flattering things be had said end the assembly for the The other circumstance of suspicion was the evidence cordiality and generosity with which they bad received of the second man, who was formerly employed by Mr. his remarks. Perhaps in referring to English sports, he Maginn, and- who said he went to the office, saw the might be guilty of some inaccuracy. According to the Lem. lying about, and applied to the polisher for infor- old and stricter meaning of the word,he supposed bowls mation, with the result that he was told " he thought and similar games, such as cricket and football, should it bad been paid." A more comical story he never heard, not really be called outdoor sports. The term sport, Another point took him out of the region of all doubt however, was very frequently used, and if it had not and that was the evidence of Mr. Reeves, who seemed a been accurate formerly, he thought it was a very happy respectable man, and whose testimony he had no reason thing that it should be applied in its present sense, to doubt. He (the Judge) did not rely upon anything confounding games of that kind, if they would, with Air. Maginn said to Reeves or to his wife, but upon the other kinds of sport to which the term WAS once Reeves who said that on two occasions he went, by I limited. He did not want to treat them to any high instructions of his master, to demand the money from I flown observations and indeed, as far rs be was con- the plaintiff. He gave judgment for the defendants earned, he would never do anything in the least degree with costs. . unreasonable and he would hate to do anythieg that Mr. Browne formally demanded the return of the p would check a proper indulgence in those other kinds watch to the aail. ow/LZ•i', end said there could be no lof sport, using the word in its limited sense, which in defence against that course, his honest belief and firm conviction, had done a very His Honour : That is not before me,'great deal to help to MILD t'f' liieettsif OLtitAtlllit as we knew it to-day. "I don't mind telling you," continued Mr. Crosfield, " that if ever my ship comes in—(laughter)—and I can afford to do a little bit on my own, I have at the back of my mind a little project of a pretty brown trout stream where those silvery finny darters abound, in that bonny land of Scotland—. in fact, a small stream on the west coast there, and a turn at the sea trout when they are running after a spate in July, COMPS about as near my ideal of human happiness as anything I know of. (laughter and applause.) lam not a ' shootist,' but there are members of our family who have perhaps done enough shooting for the family. (Laughter.) But having heard a great I deal about it, I can quite imaeire what splendid sport ordinary game shooting is anciswhat Poperb sport those fortunate few who are able to indulge in a little stalking get when they are chasing the furtive deer in Scotland." Having pointed out that to-day the designation "sport" embraced games,Mr. Crosfield sald he knew a very good friend,a sportsman,wbo said, "Well,give me the worst of sport before the best of games." (Laughter.) He (Mr. Crosfield) heartily disagreed with him. He supposed there were some fishermen present that night— (hear, hear)—and if they happened to have gone through the experience of fishing for about a week with an average of one rise a day they would no doubt endorse his view that his friend's statement was pretty wide of the mark. (Laughter.) There was, after all, one great distinction between the games that they now called sport and the other kinds of sport. He was

Dewsbury v. Hunslet. Bradford v. Wakefield. Halifax v. Treherbert. Merthyr v. Huddersfield. York v. Hull. Widnes v. St. Helens. Mid-Rhondda v. Ebbw Vale. Aberdare v. Barry.

Hockey.

Latchford's match with Sale Moor at Sale last week resulted in an easy win for the visitors by 6-1. Up to the interval the game was even, but afterwards the home team backs could not cope with the Latchford forwards, the latter displaying very good combination. The goals were scored by Scott (3), Banks, Spensley, and Parker, one each.

Mr. Wilkinson's team of " Old Boys" beat the Second Team at Latchford 3-2 in an enjoyable game, and it was evident that these so-called " Old Boy s" are far from dead yet !

To-day the First Team entertain Westbrook. The following players are selected :—W. Unsworth, goal ; C. Plinston, T. Dixon, backs ; D. Travis, J. B. Wilkin- son, J. • Albirtson, halves ; F. Newell, II Parker, 11. Scott, E. Banks, W. Soensley, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. B. Cobb. Bully off, 2.4; p.m.

The Seoond Eleven play Stockport "A" at Heaton Moor and their team is :—J. Appleton, goal; J. Wilkin- son, W. H. Pickles, backs ; A. Newton, A. Knight, F. Tole, halves : A. Starkey, L. Kenworthy, H. lboth, W. H. Atinards, C. Hackney, forwards. Referee, Mr. Harry Warburton. Train leaves Central Station at 1.30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

MR. A. H. CROSFIELD, M.P., PRESENTS PRIZES.

A WATCH TRANSACTION.

The Late Mr. John Maginn's Executors

Sued.

e.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CURRANT AND BANANA COONERY. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL EXHIBITION IN LONDON.

His Excellency M. A. Romans, the Gree't Minister to England last week opened the great National Currant and Banana Cookery Exhibition •at the Holborn Town Hall, London. This Exhibition of Cookery, which was by far the most successful ever held, excited such keen interest throughout the Kingdom that over 25,000 exhibitors entered, and the exhibits numbered con- siderably over 100,000. Among them were many dis- tinct novelties in the art of cookery, and some 200 varieties of recipes were submitted. Competitors from all parties of the country were present, and in all Some 40,000 people witnessed the Exhibition. At the close the exhibits were distributed among various charities, including the Ragged School Union, the Salvation Army, the Church Army, Dr. Barnardo's Homes, and the Browning Settlement.

A novel wager was made in Cape Town last week. One sportsman backed himself to run around Table Mountain, shouting as he ran, "Take Woods' Great Pepperment Cure for coughs and colds," if the other sport would sit on the Pinacle of a Mos9ue and sing "Rule Britannia." The wager is to be decided shortly and is looked forward to with keen interest.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. " The Great White Chief."

The patrons of the Royal Court Theatre are provided with something novel and original in the dramatic line this week, the attraction being Lingford Carson's "The Great White Chief," which is presented by the : author's company. There is a healthy tone about the drama and while exciting situations abound, an abundance of comic relief is also forthcoming, and further variety is added by the inclusion of several vocal numbers. The "Great White Chief " is the head of a tribe of Indians who make their home on the South American prairie, but, desiring to see some- thing of the world, ho comes to Europe and is promptly taken in hand by society. He spoil makes enemies who do their utmost to compass his downfall, but in vain. The hollowness of the life is suddenly brought home to him and he yearns to breathe the free air and follow the healthy pursuits of the prairie Shaking himself free from his persecutors, he lases no time la returning home and he unfolds to the astonished natives a far from alluring picture of our ways in this quarter of the globe. The business by which so many per.„,),le thrive is, to his mind, only a form of "thieving" and —to the natives this was the most startling revelation they actually build work- houses in which to keep those whom they have robbed." Needless , to say, after this little narrative, the Indians are convinced that theirs is the happier lot. Interwoven with the plot is a pretty love story and, notwithstanding all that villainy can devise, it ends in the approved style, much to the satisfaction of the audience. Mr. Mansell Fane achieves conspicuous success in the title part for which his fine, manly bearing eminently fits him. He possesses no mean vocal talent and his songs have proved highly popular. The author (Mr. Lingford Carson) impersonates Reindeer, the dumb chief, whose splendid fidelity is the brightest feature of the story, and creates a great impression. Mr. Carson presents a brilliant study of the part and well deserves the enthusiastic appreciation which has been unmistak- ably manifested each evening. Mr. George Butler as Hartley Dean, the unscrupulous villain, and Miss Dulcie Lawrence as Heather Stafford, his dupe, have unenviable parts but they play them exceedingly well. Miss Pollie Denville is a pleasing Latika, infusing much sympathy into her portrayal. Great fun is created by the adventures of George Rupert Walker (Mr. Leonard Maitland) whose weakness for "ginger beer" involves him in many scrapes, and his master- ful partner Martha Sane Cnrtley (Miss Amy Ross Clyde). All the minor parts are in capaVe hands.' The mounting of the piece is exceptionally elaborate, bgtb the prairie Woes and the Scottish banquetting room being triumphs hi the way of scenic effect. Mr. Joseph Beecham, the new proprietor, and his manager (Mr. A. M. Loader) may be relied upon to run the theatre on enterprising lines, and there are many good things in store for local plav-goers,inelud. ing a visit from the Moody-Manners brand Opera Company and the famous " Merry Widow." The: orchestra is to be augmented and various parts of the theatre re decorated, and the management will do , their utmost to act on any suggestions which may be forthcoming for the increased comfort of patrons. A new rule is that children in arms are not to be admitted to the theatre. Mr. Loader, the manager, has had a valuable experience of theatrical work. Before going to St. Helens he held appointments in London and at the Shakespeare Theatre, Liverpo and his management of the Warrington theatre bids fair to be attended with great success. Mr. S. Smiley I is the as.istant manager. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week we ate to have a return visit from Mr. Carlton Wallace's company of players in the beautiful love romance entitled "The Love that women desire." Mr. Carlton Wallace is well known as the author of "The Village Blacksmith," "The Lancashire Lad" and other dramas, and "The Love that women desire" has proved one of his most popular and successful productions. A strong company has been engaged, including Mr. Sydney Leyton as Philip Carnaby, and Miss Amee Grattan Clyndes as Sybil Thorburn. There TV ill be magnificent special scenery by Francis N. Bull.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081121_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SHOPBREAKER. Prisoner Sent for Trial on Four Charges.

Frederick Hallows, joiner, Cumberland-street, was again brought before the Warrington magistrates on Thursday oh the charge of breaking and entering the lock-up shop of Messrs. G. and W. Collins, wholesale grocers, of Sankey-street, some time between 9.20 p.m. on Friday, November sth, and 12.15 a.m. on Saturday, November 7th, with intent to commit a felony. He was further charged with breaking and entering the warehouse of Robert Henshall, wholesale provision dealer, the Old Vicaraee, Knutsford-road, some time between 6 p.m. on Monday, June the Ist, and 6 a.m. on Tuesday, June 2nd, and stealing therefrom a cash bar, containing £49 19s. 3d.. the money of Robert Henshall, with breaking and entering the lock-up shop of Thomas Daintith, gunsmith &co Bridge-street, some time between 10 p.m. on Friday, November Gth, and 9 a.m. on Saturday, November 7th, and stealing there- from a pocket knife and a pair of scissors valued at 7s. Gd. the property of the said Thomas Daintith ' • also with breaking and entering the shop of Harry Mather, butcher. 75, Church-street, on October 27th and stealing therefrom 295. in cash, also 511bs. of beef, 231bs. of mutton, a pair of gloves and a tOwel, valued at 365. the property of the said Harry Mather, the prisoner pleaded guilty to all the charges. With reference to the first charge P.C. Green stated that on Friday, the 6th November, he examined the premises of Messrs. Collins at 11.30 p.m. and found them apparently safe. He noticed a spyholo in the window and a light burning in the shop. At 12.15 he again examined the shop and observed a man crouching against the safe near the shop window, and he had no doubt it was the prisoner. He was not attempting to break into the safe. Having tle key of the yard gate witness went in, and on entering the yard he found a piece of wood had been ‘ut out of the back door of the shop. He tried to get through the hole and found it was too small. He blew his whistle and got the block of buildings surrounded by officers and other men, and forced the door. Whilst forcing the door he heard a noise as if someone was pulling slates off the roof. On getting in the premises he hurried up to the top Storey and found a hole in the roof. He got through tht, hole and searched the roof, but did not find anyone. He stopped till about 6.30 and then left, and he knew the premises were watched. When the prisoner was brought to the police station he recognised him as the man he had seen in the shop. He was at the police station on the 17th November when the tools produced were shown to the prisontr. Prisoner admitted that the tools were his, and also showed how he carried them. He told then that he got into the yard by getting over the wall at the rear of the premises. P.C. Woodland said that on Friday the 6th of November he was on plain clothes duty. He was in Sankey-street about 12.45 and he heard a police whistle blowing. When he arrived on the scone he found the Chief Constable,a number of police officers and civilians , surrounding the premises. He took part in the proceed- ing and afterwards he searched the shop and found a number of tools at the end of the counter near to the safe, consisting of a brace, a bit, a wood chisel, a screw driver, a table knife, and a pair of scissors. He at once took possession of them and prisoner subsequently admitted they were his. P.C. Fish said he was on plain clothes duty in Winraarleigh-street, and was engaged with other officers watching the premises. About 7 o'clock in the morn- ing he saw the prisoner coming down the spout, from the roof of the Guardian "office. He ran about 380 yards before he was captured by two workmen in Museum-street. Prisoner (to witness) : You would not have caught me in a month. " James Cook, manager of Messrs. Collins, and liviag in Hood-lane, Sankey, gave evidence as to the security of the premises when he left them. With reference to the second charge, Joseph Leigh, clerk to Robert Henshall, Knntsford-road, said when. Ihe left the effice at about five minutes to five on Mon- day, June Ist, there was a bag of money consisting of ,1£33 101. in g01d,.£16 9s. in silver and Odin copper,under a number of papers in an unlocked drawer. The door of the race would not lock on account of the mis- &thy, of the frame. Next morning he found a cash , box had been removed from its former position and left in the middle of the room and the cover of the typewriter had been removed. John Wilcocks employed at Robert Henshall's said he left the shop about six o'clock. He fastened the door by a bolt at the top of the door and there was a hole in the door for ventilation purposes and through this hole the bolt of the door could be reached and drawn back. He arrived at the premises about five o'clock the next morning and noticed that the bolt had been removed. Harry Birch, manager at Messrs. Henshall, Limited, said that it was his practice to take the money home with him, but on the night in question he told Leigh to hide it under slot of paper. Dealing with the next charge William Daintith said he was employed by his brother at his shop in Bridge- street. On the Bth of November he and his brother loft the premises secure. On returning the next morn- ing he found the back_ door had been tampered with and a large piece of wood had been cut out. He found the dealt forced and papers strewn all over the floor. The till which contained nothing had also been broken open. He also found that the powder safe had been forced. At the time he did not miss the knife and scissors, but he recognised them as his property. With reference to the fourth charge, Harry Mather said he loft the shop secure at 8.30 p.m. on the 28th of October. On arriving at the shop the next morning he found the back door open and a piece taken out of it. He examined his premises and found the money and goods in question were missing. Mr. Birch, manager of Messrs. Henshall was recalled and said prisoner was formerly employed by the firm but had been discharged. Sergeant Williamson stated that on the 18th of November he charged prisoner, who in answer to the first charge said "Yes, that's right." To the second he , said " Yes, that's right. I am very sorry about it. I would like to make it up with Mr. Henshall after- wards. I got the money. It was in a small bag. I threw the bag away in the river." Prisoner admitted the other charges. Warrington should have quite as good a chance of I Prisoner was sent to the Liverpool Assizes for trial. , success as they had at St. Helens, and mean to make The Chief Constable took the opportmnity of asking every effort to win. Fortunately the qualification the Chairman to thank all the men who had assisted in the capture of the prisoner when he broke into Messrs. , rules do not interfere much with the back division, Collins' shop. He stated that when he arrived on the ! and the forwards more than held their own in the scene, twenty to thirty postmen as well as a number of first round. t " Guardian' Office men had surrounded the building to prevent the prisoner from escaping. The team will be as follows ; The Chairman (Mr. J. W. Hayward) said he wished to Tilley, full back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and thank the men heartily for their assistance to the police Bradshaw, threequarters ; Brooks and Jenkins, half on that occasion. backs ; A. Boardman, P: Boardman, Belton, Naylor, Some interesting,, musical works are , are announced for Chester and Hewitt, forwards, This is exactly the , publication from The Musical Standard Office. same team which did so well at St. Helens. i" How to compose all works within the Lyric form " big sure appeal to those budding composers who feel On Monday, Wan ington will have another ing sure they have the genius of a Mozart or Beethoven engagement, LA: the Oldham match has been arranged yet cannot understand why their manuscripts are for that afternoon. If Warrington can beat the invariably returned by the hard-hearted publishers. J. Kangaroos they should have an equally good chance Alfred Johnstone deals with the intricate and absorbing against Oldham, and I am exceedingly hopeful that matter of piano technique in his book " Plano touch, phrasing and interpretation," and violin players should the latter will meet with their first defeat of the be interested in "Tire art of holding the violin and season on the Wilderspool ground. They came. to bow, as exemplified by Ole Bull. His pose and method Warrington once before -some yesrs ago —with a moved to be based on true anatomical principles." tecord of 10 victories and no defeats, but Warrington By A. B. Crosby, M.D. Two other books we may also "The pull a spoke in their wheel. The form of the Wire- notice are " The organ,. fifty years hence " and The pullers suggests a repetition of the feat, rudiments of Gregorian music," both by Francis Burgess, F.S.A. (Scot).

The Colonials never really got their passing into operation after the first quarter of an hour, during which period Warrington were clearly second-best and bad some lucky escapes. As the hot:nesters got warmed to the fray they took the upper hand in all departments, and Brooks, Dickenson and Taylor completely paralysed the attack of Dean, Devereaux and Morton. There are not two stronger spoiling centres playing than the Warrington pair, and the AuAralian insides found themselves overpowered whenever they got the ball. Warrington handled in mach more effective style, and with a dry ball would probably have put up a larger score. Fish was too good for Frawley, and the way he beat the defence and held off such a robust tackler as Abercrombie, was a treat to witness. His try was such a one as only he could have scored. Even Messenger is nct the try-getter that the Warrington crack is.

The opening stages of the game suggested that Warrington ciere going tO be well-beaten, but they kept their heads until the Australian "fire " had been worked off. It was only during this stage that the burly Colonial scrummages had any advantage. After- wards the Warrington six played a splendid game in which P. Boarduaan, Dowell, Chester and Thomas were always prominent. O'Neill was good, though less robust, and he is credited with the pass which led up to Fish scoring. Personally I thought the home backs got possession from a fly-kick which went into Brooks 's hands, but I might have been mistaken. All 1 the Warrington men did grandly, Tilley being as solid as a rock in the rear, and even Treharne held his own among strange company. The best men on the Colonial side were O'Malley and Davies among the forwards, and Bolewski and Devereaux in the back division. I think some credit is due to the halves also, for they strove desperately to open out the game, though they were overplayed by the Warring- ton pair. Bailey, the substitute for Messenger, ran very: strongly and speedily but was lacking in finish at tunes.

A keener game has not been seen at Warrington for some time, and the Colonials certainly showed every inclination to rough it. The tackling all round , was most determined, and a regular duel was witnessed between the outside halves Brooks and Dean. The Warrington man won and increased his reputation, though he also came under the ban of the referee for one tackle of his opponent which was too vigorous. There was some rather wild kicking in forward rushes, and Jenkins and O'Neil (Warrington) and Davies (Australia) were among the sufferers. A. gate of £lBl was satisfactory considering the wet morning and the high prices.

The match at Everton on Wednesday was a brilliant I one in every respect, and fully upheld the reputation of the Northern Union for providing interesting focit- ball. A victory by the " Kangaroos," though it was by the narrowest possible margin, was rather a surprise, but they deserved their success. ,It cannot be said that the better team won, however, for the combination of the League thirteen was superior, and they lost solely became they were a man short for more than half the game. Holroyd, the Yorkshire half, had a rib broken. and thereafter Brooks worked the scrum in fine style and made some grand openings for the men behind. Leythara on three occasions got clear away, only to try his punt and follow-up trick on being faced by the lull-back. It failed every time, and the Warrington folk present groaned at the thought of the absent Fish. Evan some of the Association enthusiasts wanted to know why Leythana didn't beat the full back.

The scoring was very even. AUS tralia secured the first try, and alternate successes by each side brought the score to Australia 8, England 6 at half-time. The homesters made great efforts on resuming and took the lead at three=quarter time when Leytham slipped over at the corner. Then the C donials relied on Messenger. He took shots at goal from inside and outside the h all-way line, and at the fourth attempt he sent the ball sailing over the bar from mid-field, and won the match. He is par excelleive as a goal- kicker, though even he missed an easy one right under the pots. Leytharn's goal-kicking was" off," or the result would have been dlffment. The gate realiscd £285.

To-day the Conapetitioa for the Lianas"hire Cup will be resumed, and the following are the matches in tha second round-

Swinton v. Warrington Oldham v. Rochdale Hornets Leigh v. Wigan Barrow v. Runcorn

Swinton expect to be at full strength for to-day's engagement, and have selected the following team : R. Townson ; T. Gartrell, J. Kelvin. W. Wallwork (captain), J. Wharton ; R. Jones, J. W. Fairhurst ; H. Barnett, W. Simister, W. Lloyd, W. Preston, J. Preston and T. Pomfret. Reserves : S. Wallace and J. Bailey.

An effort has been made to re-arrange the "A" team 1 . .6. 1 dates with Oldham, but the latter would not consent SHEEP WORRYING.—COUN TY COURT SEQUEL. to play at Wilderspool to-day. As a result the "A " At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, before 1 team match at Oldham is cancelled and the teams his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.C., Edward Leigh divide the points. Possibly, it is not a had bargain Bent, Vulcan Newton-le-Willows, sued W. C. Owen, Burtonwood,,for damage alleged to have been done for Warrington. Oldham "A" have to visit War- to his sheep by defendant's dog.—Mr. H. J. Longton rington on February 20th. Another thing which does represented the plaintiff, but defendant did not appear. not redound to the credit of Oldham, is that they He admitted the claim, but considered the amount refuse to allow Sammy Lees, an Oldham lad, to train excessive.—Harriet Parker, who superintends the field on their ground. Seeing the service Lees gave to on Mr. Bent's behalf, stated that on October Bth she ton Oldham before he was transferred to Warrington saw defendant's dog enter the field and.chase the sheep. t, ' It caught a lamb and bit it severely about the head and this is decidedly mean-spirited. throat. Having rolled the lamb over, the dog left it ---- there quite helpless. The other sheep were terrified. The Australians meet Hull Kingston Hovers to-day, The dog was a ferocious one.—Mr. Bent stated that the and Lancashire at Wigan next Wednesday. lamb had to be slaughtered. He had put down the I, -- t damage at about half the value of the lamb.—His The League matches for to-day are as follows : Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for Li and costs. Leeds v. Bramley. Keighley v. Batley. For all Chronic Chest Complaints, take Woods' I Great Peppermint Cure. is. lid., 25. 9d.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081121_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
I STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. I Latest Quotations

BANK RATE 2% SETTLING DAY Nov Emma 27TH 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day BRITISH FUNDS. £

Consols 21% 100 -.811 2% Annuities 100 ...92 21% Annuities 100 ...823 Nt. War Loan 2.2% Red 1910 lOO -.1001 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ...98:? Bank of England Stock lOO -.265. India Stock 100 -.991 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 ...381-3 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...35 London and County 90 —931 London and Westminster 2O ...53 Manchester and County ....... l7 —571 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...47-1 Parrs 20 —B7l Union of London 151 -.35} anion of Manchester ll ...201 Williams Deacons 8 —251 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Pref. lO ...101

Bell and Co. Ord lO ...9, Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO ...51, Chester s Ord lO ...8 Groves & Whitnall 5% Cum. Pref 10 —.51 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...350 Parker's Burslem Ord. lO _SI Springwell Ord. lO 52 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ...21 Walker (P.) St Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...83

COLONIAL RAILWAYS. $ Canadian Pacific lOO ..183 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO 22,-Z Do. Guaranteed 100 94 Do. Ist Pref. lOO 1041 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO 947 Do. 3rd Pref lOO ..51ff HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian. lOO .861 Glasgow ig4 S.-W Prof. Ord 109 59 Great Central Deferred 100 na Great Central Preferred lOO -221 Great Eastern lOO 641 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO -.451 Great Western lOO 122 i Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 921 London, Brighton it South Coast lOO —lO6 London Chatham and Dover lOO ..11 London and North-Western lOO —132:: London and South-Western lOO ...134 Metropolitan , lOO ..37 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. • lOO 56 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. 100...63 North British lOO ...31f."., North Eastern Consols lOO ...129 North Staffordshire lOO —B5, South Eastern lOO .61 INDUSTRIALS, Bco Beyer, Peacock 454 Co. 5% Cum Pref. 1 ..13/- Bleachers Asso. 5i Cara. Pref. 1 ...21/3 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 20/- Bradford Dyers Ord 1 20/6 Bradford Dyers 5% Cain. Pref. 1 -.21/- British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ..61 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Corn. Pref 5 61 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...42 xd Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Prof lO 16 l

Buxton Lime Firms lO ...61= Calico Printers Ordinary 1 Costner Kellner Alkali 1 —32/9 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ...81 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum, Pre. Pref 10 ...92 Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...94 Crosfleld, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO -945 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 -28/3- Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...8; do. do. do. do. B S ... 61 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd.' Ordl ... 19;9' Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cam. Prof lO ...10 4% Debs. Red 100 931 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 -.301- Lever Brothers, 5% Corn. Pref. 10 -.114 Lipton Ordinary 1 ...25/ - Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 -.22 do. do 7% Corn. Pref. 5 -.62 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cora Prof. • 5 ...37 -, . Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Prof. 621 ...731 • Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 ...5 do. do. 6% Corn. Prof. 5 ...G 1 Public Benefit Boot 6% Corn. Pref.s ...1; Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord. ...33/G Richmond Gas Stove St Meter 6% Cum. Prof. 4 -53 Salt Union Ordinary United Alkali Ordinary 1 0 ...46/6, do. do. 7% Corn. Pref. do. do. Deb. . .100 ...1101 Volcan Foundry 1 ...32/6 Wigan Coal & Iron Oil., Ltd.... 7 1 ...7 do. do. do. do. do. lO ...10 Warrington Land & Property Co., Ltd. Ord. • 1 ...20/- do. do. do 13 Shares 7 ...G Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd 1716 -.17/6 MINES. British South Africa (Char; 1 ...1 6/3 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 ...4.i East Rand Proprietary 1 ...41 Hendersons 1 ...8/- - Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 24!- KaMrs Consolidated 1 ...23/- Oceanas 1 -.14/6 Rand Mines 5/- ..7 Randfonteins sal. ...36/1i Rha.desia Exploration 1 ...25i3" Tanganyika 1 ...n Transvaal Estates 1 ~12/6 Zinc Corporation 1 ...6/3 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...59, Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO -.1092 do. Def. Ord. lOO -.1171 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO —lOl do. 2nd Prof. Minimum 6% lO —lO2 Nat. felephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO -.99 / ' SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO —l7/6 do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Prof 10 -.2510 The above list and prices have been complied h,17 Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

• 0. a to 2 0 Ts CO I. • a cl

-- Warrington.—Printed and published by Sum WALKNN & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Worko. Bewsey-street, and published by them at the eerie place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road Wronns ..32, George-street, ST. }LIMEYS: 3, Market Street, EannusTown; Church-street ItuiscoWs Nc"" 21st, 1908,

===== 0002601_19081121_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
--- - BEWSRY ROAD WESLRYAN CHURCH, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 22ND, 1908. MORNING. 10.30. REV. THOMAS (MADDING. • EVENING, 6.30. REV. T. MILLER. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

ST. JOHN'S C LIU RC Lt , WARRINGTON. PRBSBYTREGAN SIDIVICBS. RAV. WILLIAM YOUNG, A.A. (MatsuHasiTaa). TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NOVIIMBBR 22ND, AT 1040 A.M. AND 6.30 P.M. BA PTI S T CH URC FI, LATCHFORD. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVIIIIBRCI Mu. 1908. PREACHER: REV. J. FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Mostanc9, 10.30. 0 Religious Lunatics." livamaci, 6.30. "The Modern Menace to Freedom." OFFERTORIES. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORN E STR NET, TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), NOVBEIBBIt Van, 1908. REV. R. B. LBTHBRIIN. Mousing, 10.45. EVENING. 6.30. THURSDAY, MISCELLANEOUS CONCERT, 7.30. TICKETS. SIXPRNOB.

WARRINGTON WOMEN'3 LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. AN ADDRESS ON THE LICENSING BILL WILL ow (livric or MISS THIR2A POTTS, M.A., AT THE LIBERAL CLUB, ow THURSDAY. NOV. 26, at 7.30 P.M. WOMEN AND MEN CORDIALLY INVITED.

POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST. rCIIOOL TO-NIGHT AT 7.30. ARTUTES : Mims &THEM PARR and EMILY HOLMES, Aleasre. B. WORRALL and T. WERDALL. Mr. WILSON NICHOLSON (Decutlonlet.) linroaisT : Mr. W. MILNE. ADMISSION, ORB PENNY, GALLERY TWOPENCE.

CHRIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. SALE OF WORK, PAlnsii Room, ORAPPENHALL ROAD, ON THURSDAY NRXT, 1210VXMEBR 261'H. To DE OPENED BY MRS. A. U. CROSFIRLD ‘N. AT 2.45 P.M.

!: e \ ....eM.• A. ~....-,.... ,y m IS COUNTY OF 1' rt - , .r..,. -,. BOROUGH . - ' '"' - WARE ll\ GN. f V _ '-''. ~: '7- 1 '2.• ,I. THE MAYOR and MAYORESS (ALDERMAN and MRS. FORSHAW) will hold an "AT HOME " THURSDAY, the 3rd DECEMBEII, 1903, at the TOWN, ALL. where they will be happy to receive visitors from 3.30 to 5.30 p.m. ToWn Hall. Warrington, November. 1908. , Nv ARRINGTON & DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION. THE ANNUAL MEETIfia OF THE ABOVE WILL BE HELD IT THE TOWN HALL. Ow TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24TH. THE CHAIR WILL BE TAKEN IT 7.45 P.M., BT ALDERMAN JAMES SMETHURST. ... MISS PETERHIN, the Inspector of the Queen Vl:toria' ..._dribilee Institute for Nurses will ADDRESS THE MEETING

MT ARRINGTON WOME.VS UFFRAGE SOCIHTT. A PUBLIC MSBTING, WILL BE HELD AT THE CO-OPRRATIVR HALL, CAIRO STREW, Or TORSDAY. NOVSMEMS 211ra, Ai. 8 p.m. CEIIEF bYEtICEFIS ;-- MISS ROYDRN. MISS LUCY BROADMINT, M.A. CRAIR WILL DE TAKErt Br RSV. 0. HARVICY COOK. _ AD MISSION PRIM. RRUBRVHD BRATS, is.

--- COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. - IiDUCATIOR COMMITTEE. SCHOOL OF ART, MUSEUM STREET. IhcznuasTEß CLARENCE MAW SON, A.E.C.A. SPECIAL DAY CLASSES are being arranged at the &Waco' of Art in the following I:nl,j:ids. viz. : ART NEEDLEWORK. WOOD CARVING, • METAL REPOUSSE. Intending students should at once cOnsult the Headmaster at the school. aductation Mice, J. MOORE MURRAY, M.SC.. Sankey et., Secretary and Direct or. 17th November, 1908. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPRIETOR: MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL MANAGER I MIL A. H. LOADER. MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 23RD, 1908. AND DURING THE WEEK. THE STIRRING DOMESTIC PLAY " THE LOVE THAT WOMEN DESIRE," BY G. CARLTON WALLACE. Doors Open at 8.45. Commence 7.30. Saturdays 7.15.

A SOCIALIST DE \IONSTRATION WILL Blt IDILD iN PARR HALL ON MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 23RD, SPEAKERS : MR. VICTOR GRAYSON, M.P.. AND MR. Wm. 0. ANDERSON. Cbair to be taken at 730 p.m. ADVISS/ON, 60. and 31. Reserved Seats le. Ticket-h old ers admitted at 6.45. Non•ti et-bo I d ern , I'ls. Tickets may be obtained at Friars' Green House.

- WARRINGTON LIBERAL ASSOCIATION A MASS MEETING WILL DE HELD IN THE PARR HALL SATURDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 28TH TO BE ADDRESSED BY THE IkIGHT HON. A. BIRRELL, K.C., M.P. (CHIEF SECRETAIIT FOB IBELAND. EDPPORTED A. H. CROSFIELD ESQ., M.P., W. J. CROSSLEY ESQ., M P., G. HARWOOD ESQ. 31. P., A. J. KING ESQ., M.P., AND OTHERS. kebair to be Wren at 7.33 Prompt by OHM. E. PAREBR J.P. Doors Open at 6.30 p.m.

BOLD STREET WESLE YAN CHURCH , TO•MORROW (Surrns.r, NOVEMBER 22ND, 1308, TWO SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED BY 2HE REV. FRANK BALLARD, D.D„ M.A., B.Sc., F.E.M.S., ETC. BNNVICEI Morning 10.30. : Suhject, Saints " Evening 6.30. : Subject, ' Sinners." SPECIAL MUSIC BY THE CHOIR. COLLECTIONS IN AID OF TRUST FUND. IN THE AFTERNOON, Al' HALF-PAST Two, A BRAND UNITED MEETING OF THE CIRCUIT BIBLE CLASShS WILL BR HELD IN THE SAME PLACE, TO WHICH THE PUBLIC AIIN INVITED, WHEN AN ADDRESS WILL BE HIVEN BY THE REV. DR. BALLARD. SULTICT : "ENVIRONMENT." CHAIRMAN : JOHN UPON, ESQ. °N MONDAY EVENING NEXT, NOVIIIBI4II 23RD. IN CONNECTION WITH THE BIBLE CLASS LEAGUE, THE REV. DR. BALLARD, WILL LECTURE ON `i CHRISTIANITY AND SOCIALISM." (QUESTIONEI INVITED). CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.30. BY E. J. GUEST, ESQ., V.A., JO'., 131113Dorted by REVS. JOHN YONGE, J. F. MATTHEWS, E. BUGLASS, and the Ministers of the Circuit. laUoolleetions will be male on the Sunday Aftern)on and "ftY Evening on behalf of the Bible Class League. SPECIAL GRAND CONCERT.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- - - MR. FRANK MAC:II6IITM 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY-9-0 MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 23nn, 1908. FROM STREET TO STAGE FORD AND BARRAS LEGMANIA DANCER—VOCALIST. GRAND DANCING COMPETITION In the first house for children under H. In the second house for adults over the age of 16. Prizes from £3 to ss. CISSIE BF DAME, Comedienne. RAYMOND'S BUJ-TABLEAUX. CHARLES BANKS, Comedian. end his clever dog" Woof." FRANK CASS, Vocal Comedian. WOODHOUSE and WELLS, Comedians and Dancers. ELROY, The Armless Wonder. GRACIE HUNT, Comedienne. LYONS TRIO PANTOMIMISTS and DANCERS. Gallery, 3d. ; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d. ; Early Door, 9d. Circle, Is.; Early Door, Is. 3d.

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED. FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL RINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, ac. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTOv.

Is y I.IIAGBEL" 'RAZORS ARE THE AMIE OF:PERFECTION. SHBFFIEL MARE, WARRANTBD, POST FREE 21. 6d., 3e., 48. 6D., AND_6I. an J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Blade And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. Histswoarn. Market Hall. Warrington

pALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. AMALGAMATED MUSICIANS' UNION. SECOND SACRED CONCERT, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) RWISING, NOV. 2.lnR. WARRINGTON MALE VOICE CHOIR. MIES LUCY DAVIES (SOPRANO). Mn. TOM BOOTLIROED (Sol.° VordeC". AMALGAMATED MUnICIANi' ORCIHR3TRA OF 33 PIIRFORMERS. CONDUCTOR: Mr. WILDE. ACCOMPANIST : MT. NORMAN LATHAM. Doors open at 7.45. Corn menc) at 8. Admission on nigbt of Concert by programme or by ticket previously obtained. Prices Is.. 6d. and 3d.

rrRE ( ORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRNPARBD to ttlialllVS LOANS, either at Ile montbs notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER. Municipal Offices. Warrington.

SANITARY ALTERATIONS. PDIOONEY & CO., 1.• • CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONCRETR4 FLAGGING. AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE BOR 000 D WORK. 22, WARWICK ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. Tel. : 3879.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK HD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 1 7 9 BRE etER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's stout. Ban's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1. Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. AllsOpp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IA BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

pARISH CHURCH, WARLHISUTON. THE ANNUAL PAROCHIAL TEA WILL BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL, THURSDAY NEXT, NOV. 28711, 198. TRA ON THE TABLES AT 6 P.M. PROMPT'. DANCING 8 P.M. TO 12 P.M. STARKEY'S BAND. M.U.'s MR. B. W. COLLIN AD MIL R. W. ANT NIS. ENTERTAINMENTS IN THE SIDE ROOM AT 7.30 P.M. AND 8.30 REFRESHMENTS IN THE A NTF-ROOM. TICKET-1, ONE SHILLING. May be obtained at the Rectory, and from the Revs. T. A. J. Rldpath, T. W. Bather, A. J. Brett, Miss Clara Taylor, Messrs. J. G. Oralk, S. Taylor, H. W. Collin, R. W. Antwis, T. Looker and G. W. A. Brown. Tickets will not be sold after Wednesslay, November 25th STEWARDS; THE CHURCH' OFFICERS. Parents are requested to see that their children under 14 years of age leave at 8.30 p.m. FREDERIC W. WILLIS, Reltor. JAMES G. CR UK, }Churchwardens SAMUEL TAYLOR,

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, Sze., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; It not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGEPAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY THETS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES, GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, ere., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS,BLUCHERS,WELLINGTONS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, 328, and 340, Deanegate, Mancnester. Established 50 Years. Tele pLone 190 413

A CHOICE CIiiARETTE. BUDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK cur CIGARETTES. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco, Bd. per oz., 21. 63. per Flb. box. T. UDLUW & CO., CIGAR MERCHANT,! 15, WINWICK ST., AND 65, BUTTERHARKET ST., WAILEIAUTON. Tel. 414 Y.

)N pA y DA y. —zobaw.aticetns oyaorue! uwcae- train men for their work, at their work, in their spare time, and fit them for beter paid positions. Mechanical, Stearn, Electrical, Civil and lidinlng Engineering, Shop and Foundry Practice, Mechanical Drawing, Architecture, Plumbing, Sheet Metal Work, Telephony, Telegraphy, Chemistry, Ornamental Design Lettering, &c.—Write,stating trade, for. free deacripiire boOk/et to PRINCIPAL. INTKENATIONAL UORHESPONDEINCE SCHOOLS WINMARLEIGH CHAMBERS, SPRINCIFIBLD STREET, WARRINGTON.

7RY THE MAKE NEW TONE PERFECT YOUR DIAPHRAGM the most natural rerroduction yet 0-ash:led. GRAMOPHONE FOR KINSON TYPE MacurNE,2B. For Gramophone and Zonophone and PERFECT, other Disc Sound Boxes,3s. Fitted free of charge. If Bound Box sent by pont JAKE remit 3d. extra for return postage. CAN TELL JAKE GRAHAM, YOU HOW. 76, Jz, 76s RENSHA W STREET, LIVERPOOL.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNEsS OHLORODYNE, • Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with a SUBsTITUTIf. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you stow you era not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS TIII4 NAME g 21. 9d., 4s. 6d. the prices. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

TOUR TO PALEbTINE, Egypt, & Mediterranean. PRIVATE PARTY at half usual charges. Cairo, Pyramids, Jerusalem, Nazareth, Damascas, CJustantinoole, Athens.—Wrlte Vey. J. W. MILLER, 13.9.., Woodland Avenue. Leicester.

AIRS. DEMI-NEWCOMBE gives lASSONS in VOICE PRODUOTION, szNairm, PIANO, THEORY, THOROUGH BASS. HARMONY, COMPOSITION. Her pupils In " SENIOR SINGING" have always taken highest marks at local centres, Trinity College, Lond9n. WHITEFIRLD ROAD, STOOK/UN HEATH, WARRINGTON.

PIANOFOR f?.; FORSI T H Bram, LTD., beg to intimate that one 0 their thoroughly experienced Tuners Visits Warrington, Frothhara Northwich and District. Estimates for yearly contracts or single tunings on appllcatioo. —126 and 128, DEAN9GATE. Manchester.

ALICE FINALL. —ENTERTAINER at PIAINO, sketchlo, lone, CLAREN,,'D ED , Chorltan-3um- Hardy. Manthee ter.

IL T AIR, COMBINGS mode up 2J- per OZ, OOVRRLETTII I TAILS OY j nom 11 HAIR FRAMRS, PURR i 5/6 Fun( 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWS, 3, LIIROR ST (OAR STATION). LIVSRPOOL.

BIRKBECK BANK.. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTOU BUILDING, HIGH HOLBORS. W.C. 2i PER CENT. INTBREST allowed on Deposit Accounts repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. INTERBST on Drawing Accounts with Sbeq-le Bcok. All General Banking Business transacted. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. F. RAVE.NmOROIOT, Sronrr.TlßY

IN VEST 1' 0U R SAVINGS IN THE PERPETUAL INVESTMENT BUILDING SOCIETY. 34, DEW BRIDGE ST.. Loiwoza, ESTABLISHED 57 YEARS. REALISED SHARES (210, £2O, £5O, £100) 4 per Cent. SMALL DEPOSITS SPECIAL DEPOSIV 3l per cent. DEPOSITS OF £lOO FOCI 12 MONTHS SEND FOR PROSPECTUS OF SUBSCRIPTION SHARES, to the Seereary. . W. W. COWDY.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that a General SESSION of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, will be holden at the County Sessions House, Islington, Liverpool, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of DECEMBER next, at half-past ten o'clock in the forenoon precisely. The Solicitors engaged in prosecutions in the said Sessions are requested to take notice that all instruc- tions o< indictments and deyositions are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seve.l days at least before the said Session. HARCOURT E. CLARE, CLERK or TIIE PEACE. Clerk of the Peace's Office,Preston, November 20th, 1908. "

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- WATIeR DEPARTME NT. The WATBR COMMITTEE Is prepared to RRCEIYR TENDRILS FOR FURL for their Pumping Stations. Tenders to be Bent In not later than 12th December, 190. Particnlars may be bad from the undersigned. Municipal Offices, JAMBS DRAB, November 19th, 19+:8. Water Engineer.

rOUNTY BOROUGH Or' WARRINGTON.—TO V) SANITARY CART MANUFACTURBRS. The PAVING and i3RWERAIR COMMITTER of the Council of the County Borough of IVarrlngton is prepared to receive tenders for one Tumbler Cart with a capacity of 260 gallons. Any further information may be obtairei at the °ince of the borough Surveyor, Town Hall, ,41 and after Tuesday next the 24th Met at which place tenders, addressed to the Chairman of the Pating and Sewerage Committee, and endorsed " Tender for Tumbler Cart" must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock noon on Monday the 30th day of November, 1908. The lowest or any tenthr not neussarily accepted. THOS. LONCIDIN, Borough Eng,reer and Eurveyor, Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office, 20th November, 1908.

COUNTY BOROUGH. OF WARRINGTON.— ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT. The ELECTRUM LY &NJ) TaiMWAYS COUITTBE of the Corporation of Warrington are prepared to receive TEND NES for the Supply of 8 LACK. Ppecification and Form of Tender can be obtained from the undersigned on payment of One Guinea which will be returned on recelps of a bona-fide tender. EIVO shillings will be charged for extra coptes of specification. Tenders, addressed to the Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Vommitiee, To en Hall, Warrington, must be sealed with wax and endorsed " Tender for Slack," and delivered not later than 12 o'clock noon on Tuesday,December let, 1908. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. F. V. I. MATHIAS, Warrlnieon. Blrough Electrical & Tramways Engineer.

OUN TY BOROUGH OF I,MI A RRINGTON.-The PRIVATE STREET WORKS Aflr, lean. Passage iwhir,a 5a4 to tee, Lovely lane. rassaae behind Noe. 1 to 19. Leaden street, and Nos. 2 to 20, Windsor street. rassage kehind Nor. 313 to 331, Wellfleld street. Passage behind Nos. 333 to 353, Weill, aid street, Passage behind Nos. 1 to 19, Windsor street, and Nos. 2 to 24. Wardour street. Passage bet had Nos. IEO to 165, Lovely lane, Passage behind Nos. 2 to 48, Grafton street, and Nos. 355 to 397, Wellfield street. Passage behind Noe. 49 to 93, Grafton street, No. 16, Ripley street, and Nos. 2 to 44, Brighton street. Passage behind loos. SO to 98, Grafton street, and Nos. 399 to 445, Welifield street. Leaden streat (along Gable Of NO. 313, Wellfield street.) Ripley street. Brighton street. 17aduor street (along Gabes of Nos. 397 and 399, Wellfield street) Radnor street (from Lovely lane to passage behind No, 47, Grafton street.) Passage behind No.. 2to 14, Ripley street. Wanton'. street (along Gab lea of Not. 353 and 355, Wellfield street.) Pelby street (along Gables of Nos. 40 and 41, Fox street). Fox street (from Nos. 41 to 59). Passage behind Nos. 61 to 79, Kimberley street, and Nos. 60 to 78. Fox street. Perry street (from Fox street to Kimberley street). Fox street (from Noe. 81 to 115). Cross street(alona Gables of Nos 98 and 100 Longford street) Street along Gables of Nos. 140 and 142, Longtord street. Street along Gables of Nos. 158 and 180, Longford street. Dorothea street (along Gables of Nos. 178 and 180, Longford street.) Passage behni Nos. 1 tO 29, Amelia street. and NO3. 2 to 8 Synge street. Passage behind Noe, 4 to 34a. Orford avenue. Passage behind Nos. 17 to 57, Orford avenue, and NO.. 4 to 44, Wilkinson street. Pass age behind Nor. 1 to 29, Iloome street, and Nos. I to 33, Garner street. Passage between Noe. 30 and 32, Norris street. Passage behind NOS. 6 to 66, Norris street. Passage between tilos. 4 and 6, Norris street. Passage behind Nos. 69 to 79, Orford avenue, and Nos. 46 to 72. Wilkinson street. Syne street (from Orford avenue to end of passage behind No. 42 Amelia street). NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Town Connell of the County Borough of Warrington have resolved that each of the above streets shall be levelled, Paved, fl egged, channelled, and made good. in pursuance of Section 6 of the above Act, and have further resolved. " That the specifica- tions, plans and sections, estimates, and provisional appor- tionments, prepared by the Borough Surveyor, In respect of each such street, be approved." - The said specifications, plans and sections, estimates and provisional apportionments, or duly specified copies thereof will be deposited during one month from the sixteenth day of November, 1908, at the offices of the Borough Surveyor at the Town Hall, and will be open to Inspection at all reason- able times. All information may be obtained from, and Inspection given by the Borough Surveyor, at his offices aforesaid, or by the undersigned. Dated this fourteenth day of November, One Thousand Nine Hundred and Eight. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

' GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THICHMT AND CHBAJPBST BYER OPTHRBD TO THB PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. BD., EACH WHOLEBAin BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

IiITAILIFIHED 1833. Al RS. THOS. CARE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINEE" OFFICE, 33 MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOE PRESENTS.

LONDOI4. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HONE Comyons, CLEANLINESS AND QUIETt CENTaLL volt BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) . 38, CHAPEL-STREET. BEITIMATICS OIVBN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C.. TESTIMONIALS TROY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THU OLDBST BSTABLISHBD RBSTAURANT IN TOWN.

SI LVBREIALIII, OARNFORT/L—Winter health resort highly recounruendtd by medical feeulty ; !merles APARTIMINTS or Board Beildence.—Apply flu nsosr,linowa Lodge. Private grounds, stabling, garage, golf links, slag hounds.

ATONEY LENT DAILY, £5 TO. Xl,ooo 111 Full particulars given on application. LOAN £5 RISPAYES 12 6 £2O RISPAY £22 10 LOAN £IO,:HBPAY £ll 6 I £3O RIiPAY £33 15 W. JACKSON. 36 CROSFIBLD ST., WALKING-CON.

NO FEES I NO FINES! NO NO PUBLIC! TY I ! .03 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY, in solso Mit:MIST PRIVACY to all respectable Householders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit. without sureties or bondsmen, on simple promissory state only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THH OHESHIRH ADVANCE 00,25, Cairo at., Sankey it., Warrington ; also at IC). Greenwood at., Altrincharn. Head Office, 329, Waterloo rd., Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to. _

RSTO £5,000 LENT DAILY LOWEST INTBRIIST IS BNGLAND. £6 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 loan, Rep,y 10s. wceitly £lO „ 4s. „ £3O „ Po. £l5 6s. „ £5O „ 20s. „ £2O „ „ Ets. „ £lOO „ 355. ~ No Sureties, no Deley, n 3 Publicity. Spacial attentioul Applicants from this district. 7 METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK Si., ORPORD RD., RIANORE3TRII ; and at 19, WITION Sr., (over Bradt,ley's Clothing Shop), NORTHW ICH, 65 IiCLUsTON RD. (corner of Ounm St.), CRIMB, 8, TRBNITHAtd ST., RUgOORN.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWHATR STREET, C RESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to 21,000 ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE DAN TIES wishing for temporary CASH ,ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE 'TO BE Kamm THE LOW RATR OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THIS WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMEN'TS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF 111.111 CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF d ALB Alia TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OA GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SPCREOY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE I MMEDIATII ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent oases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their on n home or places of business. My fair dealicg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O. £5O, £lOO. AE DVANCES MAD PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect, Me Householders, on their own 'comity, without delay, on war simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DRILLINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, YOOT OF VIE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN R. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at tUeir own Homes.

Z. 3 TO N Y PERSON married or It single WORTHY OF CREDIT 0,0001 can have money on note of hand only ONATHRMS at this wed-known established Office. We arc the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan withont the usual loan office COMPETITION, routine and without tees. Our Motto I. straightforward Lancashire dealings. Loans can to paid as follows or otherwise. £3 loan Is. weekly £l3 iOtrl 2s. 6d. weekly £5 „ Is. 6d. „ £2O „ be. £7 „ 2s. £0 , 12s. ed. ~ The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and increased. Call or write MAURIOR Zs Co., MtsB C. COTTMIULL (MaissoaaEsS). 31. CAIRO STRRET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVACY ODA RANTEHD.

4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIIIS Sr SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. REITABLIABED IN 1835. • SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6D• COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE la

FOR Isortn THAN TWENTY FIVE YEAI73 THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVMD GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, MAVIS HAD A WORLD.WiDE REPUTATION AS A "IL LT BOON TO VV OMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anatole Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetlte,Hysterin,Palpitation of the Heart.Debillty, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes 93/4d.. Is. lid.. 2s. 13d.45. 6d. and Ils. R. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Corn. plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/8. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-HOLD, NOTTINII HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

ehristmas Portraits. EARLY SITTINGS would greatly oblige J. PARKINSON, Photographer, EGYPT STREET, WARRINGTON. TELIPHONE 378 x.

WADSWORTH'S FOR VIOLIN STRINGS. SPECIAL QUALITY E, A, D AND G. 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC I-lARRY ROGERS, ELECTRICIAN, BARBAULD ST. AND BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. (Late 6 Years with Warrington Corporation), HAS COMMENCED BUSINESS AT THE ABOVE ADDRESS. Electric Lighting, Bells, Telephones, Lamps and Repairs. Charges Moderate. Distance no object. Telephone 262. AGENT FOR OSRAM LAMPS.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. !RANH MAHAR AND PRINT MEMEL A Large Assortment of Framed Pletares.snitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ito. Terms Moderate: RHPHODUOTIONS BY: HOLLYBR OF PICTURBS BY WATTS, HOSSHITI, and BUIINBINTONES. AUTOTYPH HIIPHODUOTIONI OF PICITUBHS IN THIUNATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GLELBHIHS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

GO sA m N. GREEN THE SPOT SHOP TO I (FISH MARKET), FOR EVErtyPrz-nwo.

, BEST \ EXHIBIT OF BREAD! AT THE Bakers' International Exhibition, London, SEPTEMBER, .1908. 'fir CI) Xm4/ X. 19 IVX 10 MP ../X. Me First Prize was awarded to 9 s :,,,it:,:". T 0 .read. "The Highest Standard of Quality, Purity, and Excellence of Manufacture." (Signed) John Goodfellow, Ph.D., F.R.M.S. AWARDED THE CHAMPIONSHIP PRIZE. FIVE SILVER CUPS. Fifteen Gold, Silver, ,and Bronze Medals, and Twenty-six Diplomas of Honour. Bridge Street, Warrington.

TEL. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). TEL. No. 123 E. FORSHAW & SON LIMITED. ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS, MAKERS OF Mersey St., Warrington.' IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent, in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); Cunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c. Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

MORTGAGP.—RaQuifeen, £17,503, 3k per cent on BOUi-B PROProirtY. situated in BARMAN, Ger- many. AMPLB eIIOCRITY BY FIRST fewiTomatcs, Proprietors in a good position. GHNIIINB INYft,43II3NT. —PRINCIPALS only address A. HOWA lID ,t CO. Financial Brokers,3SDSHONDA RD., IiBRNB HILL, LONDON, S.B.

TTNIIMPLOTMEINT ASSURANCES (Includlnst Sickness and Accident) 2s. Bd. monthly, insnres El vriekly for 25 weel.e. Ai PS. 15-60, male and female. No entrar ce fee,. lines or levies whatever. Ilnapnroarhable. AGISNTS WANTED everywhere. £5 weekly sadly earned by ;wit workers.—Write ' eq:l,lF-11ELP ASSURANCE, 34-35, High Holborn, London. W.C.

To CA PITALISTEL—Required. BLEEPING PARTNER 1 with £32,500 Capital, for large well-known CHOOO- - MANUFACTURERS In Willa BURG. Bivaria_ GUARANTBRD INTEREST beginning with 4 per cent and secured by Mortgrge. lit-TO-DATE MACHINERY. Splen- did opportunitr. IaXOBLLEIYT REFERENCES. Bound and well-paying investment. PHRSONALLY Di SPBOTRD —For full particulars apply by letter tu A. HOWARD & CO, FINANCIAL BROKERS. .35 DERONDA RD., HERNII HILL. LONDON, Bat.

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects? If in doubt don't delay; don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the best methods known. Then. if you need them, we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCH ER & SONS Eyesight Specialists. 731 LORD STREET Esti). 1343. LIVERPOOL

./tObAo',!.4.l%,erel it. ~st*,,. ...0•,6:49•.-- il/ 'WIN. Ce -17.-,W.y.VV.I ... 4- COODH.S. 3 . Egt.... ‘.0,•,111.• ...qt.. ,7„. tv-.6„, -! ',fa: 'kl ;mig . kv,•,..i.P. A .dgeb THE'Aft.; ';..a, ..- .elf OLD ORIGINAL lki-w't.-10. '', Zinganie'"' ,r- .0. • ,0„ ~ o• ,i!). - ',/e.- ' t - t , and WORLD - FAMOUS, lei, ..3,,..p. ~ OLDS. . / -.` •1'V41.,,t'.%. LUNG TONIC is OWBRIDGE'S, lic---/-:::',??,,-/b. , - 4. ;•8,. FOR '4.4C-00. . „,..4,,,1 • .....!co, A 05.01 COUGEIS at a COLDS , , e).- , t.z.....,,,: The most up-to-date, best known ' 49.0-S1 IS 45) .- and '4v.1.1..;;.,•,..-- ..,„ %,-,!..4!), most successful Remedy in the World ..'-,:,SP-.:. , V. 4'ir`h V for * ,ai)...1...tti1M, *-"ei;''''' THROAT and CHEST TROUBLES w..,.':.i,.w.. -- ... * ....• „, arising from Damp or Chill. - , -Aor. '..." :f4.1 -1. J A 0..1* -• 'l,* .. 0 • :,,,ipi.e , 1 . •-•,-.,:-..--,01, ei4 ' ?„4:ti.'...11: ~::, '. . .?: IP : -, .. . ~, • .:, C. -. ;%.1.," %.•i: e);:i.rel,ed ~ . , ~..E. '..Z.:44, 4., At 1 op . 41.P11.,..... r k.;•2.Ae) .4 , V t.' el .., „, , A, vir_,,,at ,„ ....tf s!' -..;...-_ ~-; —, ,e,,,r,„,..0 ~•,'' 1:.• * ,-.; I", -:'•W' crtAffi ....e. , ~..... „.:. .., • -,0,,, •-• q ' Lung Tonic. ,iii--........: • otWv: Ask for "OWBRIDGE," and take no substitute. 691:-"r'fil) .- 'l''''• . .....e. -.1”..1,-,,•_.: This is the Best, Cheapest, and Safest way to recovery. ece-A.-e ..,;; , Invaluable to SPEAKERS SINGERS and all Vii-Ye. / ~,., .., ... who suffer from THROAT WEAI:NESS. tilik,t,ei Etablislted 1874. 0.90:41: - ..,,,•„. ..., CAUTION.—Do not waste money on so-called lung ..jr-1.p..,...:;- • ' tonics, which appear to be cheap, but of which you have .09;„titan. 1t,074. to take double doses, with disappointing results. .'16.',. i- "e, ..er',520611". ~. Prepared by • ' si) . qr. •. , ...lop W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. .4.45,1„.0. ihn, -;to, fk. Sold everywhere in hot tleg, at ls. lid, \gi1.,..A....e. 2s. 91, 4s. silo, and 113. • et -,'"'". k3tel, .46. - •e, .. , ,cr, COl'lll,lol= 4 ,v„ . ..,.. gt-el. ,„,e..0,1): V .•15,0' ...el ...la.= ''.... 0_,0431A4.--.laW• 40111 6•l4:rre •?;..„ C'e • 0.44144Z1r010ie • / 'l5-41! tii-eur.W.'

S

GREAT SANKEY AFFAIRS. 'lthge Sewering of the Garden Suburb. _ . I,4,,ipeeting of the Great Sankey Parish Counoil was a,„ 4, ID Sankey Council School on Monday, Mr. William ginrrneprses,siding. There were also present :—Nli este. .11 H. Fairclough. J. T. Walters, W. H. Ireland, 4 J. Smith (clerk). LANDLORD AND ALLOTMENTS. Ile oe_Clerk reported that be had written to D.II. B. IN ,7, Sherclley Estate Office, agent to Captain Michael eoafine,s, pointing out that Mr. Jos. Massey, Liverpool- arrro' 9id applied for an allotment and asking on what tepli'e.,se would rent the necessary land. Mr. Bates • consiX to the effect that he was not prepared to enter .er single aeplicat ions. If the Council desired to truli,.into negotiations into leasing a quantity of land be 1•;:n be pleased to go the matter. uere was no comment on the letter. THE PRICE OF GAS. enzllk... THE said a joint application ought to be vete° to the Warrington Gas Committee from the :o °IA Perish Councils in the district for a reduction Iv,,`,"e price of gas but it was pointed out by Mr. • -.nig% bed_ that unless they acted at once nothing could Arune for the present winter. eter',!. Furness proposed that the Clerk write to the sreti" of the various Parish Councils in the district to n 4 them to arrange a Milt conference with a view antutking application to the Gas Committee. e,,„ !. elect R. Fairclough seconded, and the mction was —. THE SANITARY QUESTION. 17.,A letter was read from Mr. J. C. Sutton, clerk to the !rriegtoit Rural District Council, in which he stated the Council had received Mr. Smith's letter of the di ult, and had also heard a deputation of Great a er:fiko.! farmers upon the sanitary question, with the ,_ vult that the acceptance of Mr. Whitfield's tender had ',!(o adjourned for a month to enable them to consider , 27, other satisfactory means of removing the night- • -";1, which might be suggested. i 12. Fairclough said he understood the farmers had irtraoged with Mr. James Newton to do the work under old conditions. He had since heard it stated that Whitfield had intimated his nillingness to retain contract. Continuing, Mr. Fairclough strongly tvlotested against the levying of a special rate. It was turtleog that farmers should have to pay rates on all the , Ithey held, and the law should be altered. mr. le . Ireland : It is a down-right shame and although eti rates would henefit roe slightly, I am opposed to it. t.rloilr, Fairclough : If this sort of thing continues, the %Ter will not be able to live. ‘,l4se Clerk : It is not only farmers. It affects works I ~ railwaye ~ . 111'...Furne's's pointed out that the Council's hands tiO.tted and they could not getaway from the respon- T;l"3.' N „ 0 Clerk read a postcard from Mr. IT. Thornton, who let; Property owner in the township, stating that he sh: Iliad the Council were taking the matter up. It 1,64t11d have been done long ago. Such work ought to e ehec special work of the Councils everywhere and be Ito 41'0 on the rates particularly so when the township e.,,,8,, adjacent to a, large town like Warrington. Be thi.'fluel earnestly advise the Council to carry the scheme he4,ab so that they might have better control of the it u Of the neighbourhood. th, Wtis decided that the communication should lie on kmtable, and the whole question was left in abeyance, Ing More definite information. • Tlet. ~- le. SEWERING OF THE GARDEN SUBURB. I i Ae. let J ter was read from Mr. .C. Sutton enclosing a le • fir r from the Penketh Parish Council saying that rrttter Sankey Parish Council might enter their Heath- Rot ,sewer for an annual payment of £lO inclusive. The :l District Council would be glad to hear any N. rvations the Sankey Council had to make with •Vrehee to the matter before December Ist. Mr. pii:sornbe estimated that the cost of continuinz.a Din. 14 :NM the Garden Suburb 250 yards along Whittle OR would be £37 10s. f.:` r• Fairclough pointed out that Sankey Parish Itr"ocil had no previous information on the matter, but 44. Furness said it WAS raised at a meeting of the theral District Council and Dr. Murray was asked if te „l'ooketh Council would be willing to allow Sankey teta"tiee the sewer. There had been no going over the Warrington Field Club. 131 r, a of the Sankey Council. The object of the • thqostion was to save Sankey the expense of carrying At the third meeting of the session Mr. Charles 14O'ne farther along the stream. White delivered a lecture entitled "Notes on geology." for ,r: Ireland : Then they are going to provide sewers iHe dealt with the area within a radius of Nee miles the Garden Suburb but not, for other folk. 4., ... . . . . . • from Warrington. Prefacing his disccurso with some .tbo `• rairelough : I think it le a down-right shame • . 4 Should do that. . interesting remarks on the duration of geological time I ! kr. Walters : 'lt is the law. / and the importance of a right apprehension of this, lie !ig r. • Ireland Yea It can be enforced when Garden i briefly alluded to the contour of the service of theebur, • • - • A/ us and committees are at work. I locality and its relation to the geological Listcry of leite. Faireleugh : The Garden Suburbs people are : the district. He then indicated the older, iu space 13 a very mean advantage of the Sankey ratepayers. ' and time, of the chief groups of strata and the Walters : They are only having the law. I • tense position of the trias and of its sub-divisions. tPuri•Tss pointed out that the obligation rested re . . thftwl he District Council to provide for the isposal of di walk f W• 'ktSt It • be Describing awa loin mule o re (11, •of Zwage if necessary. It was an anomalous condition . showed bow during its course one pa_ the over arri",i,sgs. Four villas were being built near the schools representative parts from the lower and older to e .£5O which the draining would cost had come higher and more recent of the slew, red, sandstone by •er;:sf the pocket of the ownsr.When the Garden Suburbs rocks. He expressed his belief that the material of '"Pally built four houses the £37 10s. must be found e ratcpevene , these bad been derived from the denuded rocks of a '1 —r• Pa' I - h ''• It seems to me the Garden Suburb ' land which now formed the floor of the Irish Sea. He It gc,_ ire oug . . : aftwi to be an expensive item to Sankey. . alluded to the presence of salt in the reeks, below a .r4„t• I,urnes. : You cannot have progress and advance- ' Warrington, as teveziled by well borings, and described A, without paying for it. 1 the process by which the deposit of the Cheshire salt 'heir. Fairclough : It seems to toe that the more beds had probably been affected. He also explained 'thePerlY there is built in the parish the worse it is for wRh admireble lucidity the nature and csuse of tat A, epayers. * " faults." The lectuie, which was illnstrated by a to Ir. Furness said it was bad policy for the farmers htittcolet to make a line of cleavage between the ee -- ' series of helpful diagrams, was listened to with close tlsi'sholders and the farmers. They should all work in attention aral was followed by a long and interesting hllllsny. If they did not, the ratepayers and property discussion. era would Fay the farmers were diametrically ! . Psed to all progress and throw them over entirely. : ' k•0,,,r; Ireland said he hoped the Rural District Council ! CIIAIRNIAN AT 92. 'lt.. do their, utmost to avoid levying a special rate, h' ' "tb sr 4,_ it was for the advancement of progress or not. Mr. H. R. Lacey was appointed on Tuesday as the 'leo r• Purnese moved and Mr. Ireland seconded a rcso- chairman,_ of the St' Helens liimaries Committee, for 'Coill's to the effect-that the Clerk inform the District the ..ii th time. Mr. Lacey will be 93 years of age in hee,cil that the Parish Council could not see their December. fit,' Lo sanction the expenditure out of the pockets of , . %,,,lllteilayers, and they thought the Garden Suburbs : • thiVilittee should make provision for dealing with 1 sewage without coming on the rates. . ! ' ifspt.'l resolution was carried, only Mr. Wa dis- lters mg. 111 i WA RNINGITO HARRIERS. • .lottar; Faireloneh called attention to the nuisance aid Pie Lo farmers 'caused by the harriers' clubs crossing 4verq`jheat and clover fields in the Sankey district, , 4tlo!ngdown fences and damaging crops. These weie i Diur(,tB tems ,to farmers, and if tho Connell had any lirr it ought to do something to stop the nuisance. , tire,: Purnese : This is a question for the various litre' ; to t e Pairclough : I think the Parish Council ought :kid eire some action. The farmers are large ratepayers ,1111, think we ought to instruct our Clerk to write to n • il'kertiers clubs warning them to keep off the land. 1 t weather every step which the harriers make in th rat field ma ' k ere ~_ni es a hollow and the water collects <d rots the wheat. 1

BowLAND,s MACASSAR OIL FOR THE HAIR. Preserves, Heautifies, Restores it. Pro- vides the necessary nourishment for it, and Without it the liar becomes dry, thin, and withered. Golden colour for fair hair. 3/6, 7 /-, 13/6. Of Etores, Chemists, and ROWLAND'S, 67, Hatton Garden, London.

i 1 ~.NORLICK'S '-'. a MALTED MILK `.'il...P.i•-... (IN POWDEIR FOR. I liE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. s'*" in re. VI: And IV. Bottle. (8.,_0U 3H. SUCKS.) For BO ri C. NlSlnfe and Musoie.

' LADIES. —REMEMBER that for PRESERVING your SKIN and COMPLEXION (Kau tlo, eftc.cts a FroFt, C,Atl V. inds aud I lard Water y,C BEET I ii:MiSthr . •>'" C 7441 _....."

FS UNEQUALLED lit entn-cly removes all ROUGHNESS, REDNESS CHAPS„ !MUTATION. ETC.. and keeps THE SKIN Soil. Srnooth & White ALL THE YEAR ROUND Bottles Is.. 2.7. Cd. of all Chetnis!s & Slores. M. Beetham Son, Cheltenham. I

SUGAR TAX: IN consequence of the reduction, we have restored our packets of BUTILR-SCOTCH to the size they were before the Tax was imposed, namely: 15 Tablets In the 6d. Packets. 7 pg pp 3d• The Confectioners are now supplied. \OALLARD & BOWSER.,

ILD THHTH.—Top prices given for o'd artiflcial teeth.— kJ Post to FosTEet,Teeth Xlectre,T,Grand Parade,B Helton. DOTTERY.—Beantiful Teapot Stands, appropriate Xmas 1_ present, free le. Bd.—PosrEgv,22, Bedford rd., Hanley.

LADllb' ROSS. black, ribbed or plain, to be cleared at 111 d, per pair; 2s. 9d. for 3 pair. ; worth Is. 4d. pair. Postage 3d. extra.—J. HECTOR & Co, 71 Market it., Man. 1 ARGR PROFIT for lloopkeepers to sell Sharp Lighting 1./ Firelighters.. Patent applied. Buying agents w +cited. hamplcs sent. Stamp.--SHARP, archdeacon lane teicester. rf ONBY FOR YOU.—We pay highest prices for left-off .111 Clothing of all deorriptinne. Fend a trial parcel.— Lozoarre AS D FRoTINCIAL DRESS AGENCY. 93, Stoke Newing- ton rd., London.

110 these intending to Marry.—Courtship and Marriage, with Or without Lovo, reads- made Or to order, post tree 34. No pwteards aceepted.—J. OAMPI3ELL. West Leigh Howe, Elokershaw.

Qoun GOLD, halt-marked. 7-stnne Rlnz,4 real Di.mmide, J 3 Ruby df,,,bietr,lCa 6d.; hall-marked Gold Firo-ch, PAt real diamond, 69. 6. £ppro7al.--rIRECT TRA.D/NG CO., 65 Tairgion Park, London, N.

a6/11HR Bt Book T have ever read." writei a married lady 1. " and I wlah I had lee t years aqn." Thq Ulna- trate.] meclliatl book sent post free from A. BECKETT, 11, Gastion rd., Hammersmith.

ALL Wool, double width, Venetian eletb.—Blaek, navy, brown, moss, seven yard., Us., earriaze psi& Money retnrned if not approved.—DSYNSFORD MANUFACTURING CO, 35 Friday et., London, F.C.

BELL'S TURF SYSTEId.—& brilliant success ; astonishing results elmpe. practicsble, easily wnrkel. Irrefut- able balance ,het.—S.ncl ef Rasped envelop.. 3. B. BELL, 63, Fenton et., Liverpool. P.°. —Trsis is genuine.

LABMS I Why wonder at the Beauty of our Leading Actresses? They Wet Brandon's Peerleaa Powder, on and off the stage.—in boxes 6d. and le. direct from BRANDON Ce., £9, Listris Park, Stoke Newington, London.

FMB or 'Nirolary.—Don't lose your valuables or cash by either for want of a fire gni thief resisting Bete. All safes sent direct from manufacturer's carrlarte p‘ld.—Fcr Ores and prices, Apply WRTGET, Albert Hall, leiley.

5/ BOYS 2 gent's dortb,e clllars, 3 pairs sock., 3 genes / handkerchiefs, 1 gent's can (state stzes).—Send P.O. an d address to ALT errs, 8 and 9 Market Pare. Hitchin. Carriage pea. Handsome present with first 500 parcels.

ILITABY RNRR ROOTS, naiad appearance, 7.. 61. I. per pair ; Pavel Knee Ports. very strong. 66 6ci• per pair ; Bluchers, 61. 6el per pair, any size; carriage paid. Cas la returned it not approved.--fr. J. GASSON, Rye.

-FEARD TIMES, Special flfrer.—Cut down your Tailoring ; and save money ; large purchase Suit Lengths from 6s. 6d., or the Soft to Measure from 181. 6d. ; write patterns, particulars.—Tnn CLOTH MART, Sunderland.

QLISTBRIR4 TRBTH obtaided by using Cyc-menthinel the new tooth powder. Refreshing and antiseptic. Contains no carbolic or other corrosive tarsi& Post free 7d. and 19. Id.—D. CLARK, 12 Richmond rd , Bayswater,Moncion,W.

RUGS! BUGS! !—Good, all wool, Sit. long.6ft. wide, and weigh ever Cho. ; Government grey; only been used a little, much better than common, new. I will send one yost free for 3s.—From li. J. GI9BON. Government Contractor, Rye. nOOTS.—Samples of I2s. 6d. gent's lane Boot* at 8s S.l. rot tree, best make in Box Calf. every size and width. Simtly send your ;0z.., and If narrow, medium or wide ; rxcbangfd or cash returned If not satl:tactory.—F. ASHER, 800 Factor, Desbornugh.

licrßF.—Spectilators for Manchester, Derby Coo, Re., are invited to coneuvt the well-bnown Mitchell & Co , for thrir finals. send 21. 6d. for winners ; your monay returned if nu results.—For particulars, 5, CHAPEL ST., EUSTON RD., London. N.W. Commissions executed.

JUSBWR GOODS and every desoription of Surgical and .11, Domestic Appliances half usual prices ; valuable Infra*. mat( n and illustrated list tree ; four splendid VITO plea It., or ten assorted 20. 6d (worth 6r.)—W. P. DORSAI* & Co., Manufacturers, Robson rd., West Norwood. London.

itaheabre Te(lrsatceinp:orvirworr of Thc'ew p re; ce t Caret)dsy most and tone-fide Intellionee by letter er wire ovasionally. licnouraole c,port3rnan remit 2s 61. ,or Handbook, unique system. end test letter.-44, PERR/V RD., ToTfe Hill. Sarrey.

1 00 PRE OHNT. PRDIGT made by sending for one of oar 2-gninea cares .of Haberdashery, Tftncy Goode, &o. ; choice assortment ; show-caee lent fo advertise same ; eat isfacti,n pnaranteed.—Send P.P. to H. Dent., BROWNE), Wholesale Habe•dashers, 11. Pa-k Crescent, Cltpharn, B.W.

rll-11NA. EVITHENWARN. 311:10"TilS. every description rLITS. tly+rs, market ; cheap hrs. See beenner's c,ate, tree te,se' ; trernPrkdons variety. Also F.awker's larze bnik crates. aboot 1,001 articles, 383. Fd. Cheapest In trade. Lists free.—AP.-rairn J. ti ULL. ?fins:ascot Works, Longtln, Staffs.

WATRTIPROoF COVRII9, pliable as railway sheets, 12ft. by 91t . 12s. ; 15ft. by 9ft , 15s. ; any size at Is. rer qnare yard, with Nil es. Superlry stout rot-nreof green (-MICAS any lz., Is. 6d. per square yard, with lathes. Cash returned If not approved of. No rablelo.—lT. J. GIBSON', Government Contractor, nye.

WATERPROOF CAPES.-1 !trio elze, su cl itab'e for Cy;sts or nun xposed to the yr,t, 3e. elch Large Police 0118111 D Cores. littcd with Serge, ss. each. Pxtra Large Blue Cloth Folice Capes, ss. 6. and 6.. ed. Splendid Rubber Jacket., any li2P, 7s. Ed. eaeb. OHO+ in Overall Leggings. 2e. pair. }tither above earrlzge paid.—ll. J. a AESON, Govern- ment Contractor, Rye.

T.,II.JRNI-HIFG GOODS FOR CASH.—Carriage paid, 1_ 25 to 50 per cent. cherper than Hire-Purchase Houses. Yull-slze Bedstead, 2 inch pillows brass mounted. 293. lid.; all brass, 455. 6d. Single etre. alth wire wastress, Ile. 9d. Full-size Wire Matteesr, 3-ply. raised sides. 121. lld. Japanee e Rugs, 303[60, 2s. li,; 36x72, 3r. 3d. Large Goat- skin Rugs, 6s. Ild. Best Cloth Ruzs, 3Ca6O, 5..9.1. Uphol- stered Wicker Chaim Es. lid. Woven washable Blinds to order, from ls. 3d. fringed or insertion and lace. Send for catalogue of hundreds of other bargains.—CsraParalea FURNIBBING STORKS AND BEDDIgG MANITFACTOSY, 50 to 6,, Stapleton rd., Bristol.

DIASO.—PINH, NHW UPRIGHT GEVINI) ; rich tone 1 Iron frame, latest improvements; cost 30 guineas ; take 17 guineas; oath wanted-1, LOWER KJ/LIAM LINE, Warrington. DURO, new upright Iron grand, beautiful walnut case ; 1 maker's warranty ; cost £55, accept £26 or terms arrangrd ; bargain ; approval if desired. —ll, WILLIS ST., Warrington. N SALE double MARBLE LAVATORY mounted on ki mabogany stand, complete v.lt h taps and waste; would suit bairdreaser.—W. GRIFFTHIS & SONS, 6, Great George at., Liverpool.

()LD AGIC PRINISIONS.-31a!e or fern tie any age, with option o? lump turn. Full psrticulars from ADAM & REID. 1. Arcade Chambers, Manchester. All kinds of Insurance effected.

Qpossible method of growing a moustache. Money returned if unsatisfactory after trial. sent on receipt of ls. postal order. —FOLLICLE PROMOTING Co., 39, Gloucester rd.. Enfield, Middlesex. BE S.UTlit OL long Opaline or Crystal Chains, 140 lovely large bead., sacrifice 2. Also pendants on fine chain, colours Amethyst, garnet; Emerald, bargain 21. 61. MADAME WOODS ERR Y, The Vale, Broadatalre.

%I ILK. Eve-y Farmer, Milk Eeller and Cheese-maker rho uld use (Hawley's Patent Milk Sieves). remove all seclime nt ; all sizes kept in stcck ; orders by post receive prompt at tention. —J.G.B.S.WLEY, Silver Medallist, Newgate it., Chester.

YT RISKY direct from Scotland retailers ; profits saved ; ral!d. mellow, matured. astisfaction guaranteed or money returned ; sample bottle 3s, 9d., 3 bottles 101. 6d., 6 bottles El, carriage paid, plain CRICIL—Bnows STUART, Cross Li U. Glasgow.

SENTEVH. MANCHESTER NOVIIMBHH HANDICAP. —Fred Laing, the Champion, says on no SHNTEVIL account fall to remit one shilling postal order SE STEXIL and stamp address envelope for his Manchester MONDAY IN and Handicap Gem. The idea of defeat MON DA MINI' ridiculed.— FRED LAING, 173 Lansdowne 310NIMMIN.rd., London, Fields, Hackney, Lmulon.

MISTRHSSES AND MAIDS. ATORNING DRESSES made W measure in 50 patterns, .1-‘l_ four styles and six prices from 4s. 11d, complete, carriage paid. Fit and making guaranteed, budices and sleeves lined, buttons detach Able ; piece of material given. Send postcard for patterns, style-plate and measure forms. —Wrxecur's, 2, Carlton Hill, VVo .dhouse lane, Leeds.

Min only practical system solved to win by Horse Racing on Small Capital. £25 will secure 23 per week. To get this Information into honest, deserving cases we ask £5 10s. System to be forwarded In receipt of P.O. 10s., balance in a month. 'finding system not as represented, deposit returned. !den with means and principle will be glad to remit balance doubly at once.—Latiazao : 1 Co., 2, The Orchprd, Elnffield, Derby.

THSCO'S Challenge the World for price,— a/Tat Xmas Cffer £lO Suite of Furniture for nothing. Tesco's Empire ' Watch, lever movement, chain, seal and cue complett-, tremendous value 51. 61. Tesco's tt Cambridge Melodeon," magnificent tone, 4 stops, doable bellows, selling hundreds et 6s 61. each. Tesco's •• A lexandra "Necklet. Fine orient pearls. Oct. gold snap in case, complete, charming prerent, 5. 64. Tesco's Carvers and Steel. Plush lined cases, Ivortne Handler, sterling sliver-mounted, grand value, ss. 6d. Tesco's t' Westmineter " Wall-Olnok, walnut case, gilt-dial, 18f bleb, grand timekeeper, carriage forward, Bs. 64. Tesco's Xmas bargain, Handsome fumed-oak Orermantel, 28 x 28 bevelled Mirror, 500 at 1411. 64. carriage forwar I. Tesco's give Purchase Cards with each article bought.— TESCo'e, 123, Shenley rd., London, S.H.

1208 SALT. rdIXBD BUSINIISS in main street. Fish I: and Chips, Ice Cream, Tobacco, etc.—Apply 4 FEODSHAM ST., Chester. ()N SALT, well-built easily workable, good connection COMBANY HOUSB: freehold ; centre of Blackpool; bargain.—W. WILDE, 13, Charniey rd,, Blackpool.

PENKETIL—COTTAGES, 2a. Bd.. and Si. 6d., ler week. IdII.L s tP BET, OFFICRF.l,ground floor. Also upper rocms. 2', CATHARINE STREBT. rent 4i. 31. per weer. GOOD SHOP and DWELLING HODS% 67, Maw! ek- road, If nt Es. 6d. a week clear. 173, W aLLFI ELD STUMP, rent ss. per we:k. 50, OHOHLEY HEIM% rent 4s. 6d. 8'11:O1cTON HEATH-20, Bedford-street, rent £l9 10s Apply ROBERT LOWE, Hstate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War ngton. Telephone—No 55.

SCOL‘CH *DECO POTATOBS.—Now booking for preseat or Spring delivery and guaranteed free from Mack Scab. the famed Dalhousie' also Up-to-dates, King lidwards, Table Talk, Langwortys. and all the leading varieties.— Address FRANK LIPP, Uewton, Laureneekirk, Scotland, aad Orolton, near Preston.

CARNATIONS, 80 Varleties.-12 different, 4s. ; 12 in 6 sorts, 33. 6d.; 1(0 in 60 varieties. 20s. standard Roses, 155.; Dwarf ditto, 65.; Climbing ditto (5 to 8 let), 93. all per doz , cheaper by 100. Clematis Eleepelopsis. Ivies. greea and variegated, Honeysuckles, 2 of each, strong plants, 6.. Golden Enonymus for wiadow-baxes, best in trade, 411. per doz.; 12 inches and 6 inches through, 858. 100 ; green up to 3 feet. 38., 58., .91„ and 121. per doz. Fruit and other trees very cheap and glcifi , or er,h3nge for poultrv.—FAIRFIEtD, Nurseryman Leyton, Cures; Caveat Garden,Stands 332 to 385.

trhe eraminer *eats THE WARRINGTON 1 MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER s published every Ssturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Psper for Warrington, stockton Heath, Penketh, Vtrinwick, ?Agate, Lymm, 10., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in bouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. mum RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the hest weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. fliflE WIDNES EXAMINEE, published every vacorday 1. morning. Whines contain:, the largest number of chamical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rjlHll RA itLESTO WN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, pnbliehel every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Elaydock, Lowton lc. The district thus comprised Is almost important part of the Lancashire coal fields, PHE ST. HELENS EXMairatam, published ever 1. Saturday morning ,circulating In St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, 10.—the centre of the Crest Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pREPAID ADYERTIBESIENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISOELLA3THOUS WANTS ARTICLES POUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE 0 a e Three Six Thirteen Words. Week, Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Oa. Eld. Is. 3d. ... Es. 05. ... 3s. 95. 27 ... Os. 95. ... is. 105. ... 54. 05. ... 51. Od. 58 ... Is. 05. ... Es. Bd. ... 4a. 05. 61. 05. 45 ... Is. sd. ... ss. 15. ss. 05. ... 7s. 05. 54 ... is. 85. 31. 85. ... 6s. Od, 10s. OS,

THE EXAMINER NOVEMBER Eist. 1908.

, ,-.• . . , , . , _ . ~, , , - - ,- - -.. ..,, . . , ' - ,7; _. , ..ri ..‘,...-- ~, _.,. ' -M1 LK . - • ' ,- ' . - Itiigh e SI .. ''. :. . . • PI '. ' 1.- r .• -- ,sy,--iildard up Mfg y.

THERE IS NO DOUBT that it is the "live" man wha "gets there." The man who never flags and is ever on the qui vive. He is perennially alert and eager—and locks it! Why is he cheery, so confident? Is ' he immune from the every-day little ills that upset others so much? Not at all. Only, he is prompt in regard to himself as he is in his business. He puts his finger on a weakness at once, never letting a headache or any other ache, due to temporarily arrested stomach action have a chance. There is no otherce. way. Attack little ailments at on A timely use of BEEcll Am,s PILLS will never let them grow. Aches vanish and you keep brisk and up-to-date. That is a business asset. This is something to tell someone else. Everybody more or less suffers from stomach troubles in these strenuous days, and no one can afford to be ill. Indeed, the need for a safe and speedy medicine, to relieve promptly and surely the minor ills that depress the brightest men, is universal. Here is an impressive fact to remember-- over six million boxes of BEECHAM'S PILLS are sold every year! That is eloquent testimony that, while the need is great , and wide-spread, Beecham's Pills MEET THE PUBLIC NEED.

BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON. Another Letter to the Children. Ai? II • _,, , • • My dear Beautiful Warrington Children, I hear that )ou think it time you had another letter. Farmers, Farm Labourers, Vig,nerons, What shall I tell you about ? Well, as most of your Orchardists, Market Gardeners, and time is spent in school, perhaps you would like to hear about the smallest school I was ever in. Off the coast Domestic Servants, are offered of France there are about 250 small islands, most of them only large rocks. They are called the Islands cf ASSISTED PASSACES Chausey, and only one is inhabited. One day while to staying in Normandy I visited this island. After two hours sailing from the coast of France we reached our destination. The steamer cannot touch the island WESTERN AUSTRALIA because of the rocks all around, so natives come out from the island, and it was with a little fear, that I from jumped from the side of the steamer into their boat. Soon I was landed on the island. I had beard before I 4'5 to Z 7. 101 s. visited this place, that I should find the people living as the Bretons did in this land 800 years ago. Free Grants of 160 Acres. On our way up from the beach, I passed some huts, 50,000,000 ACRES AVAILABLE FOR SETTLEMENT. built of stone, with thatched roofs, looking very much ; like a roughly-made pig-sty, except that they had a ! Excellent Climate. small chimney. Later on, I asked to be shown the Work can be carried on all the year round. houses of the 70 inhabitants. " You passed them ' soming up from the beach," I was told. NIVEr for ore For Illustrated Pamphlets and further particulars moment had I thought, that those pig-sty-looking apply to the Agent-General for Western Australia, buildings were the homes of the people. I had peeped /5, Victoria Street, London, S.W. into one deserted-looking place, and its earthero floor, open fire-place and rough walls led me to think, that it belonged to a people of centuries ago ; but I was told that the homes of the present generation were very little different.. Lately, on enterprising company Las built an hotel upon the island, which is open in the summer months. Perhaps now es the natives are brought more into contact with refined people, they will become more civilized in their home-life. I found much to interest me lon the island. The natives are not left quite to them- selves for a good priest has been living on the island for the last 17 years and is not only their religious instructor but he is also the schoolmaster, doctor, in fact he is a friend in need at all times to these poor people. They have now a tiny church and the smallest school I ever saw. I entered it, and it contained two rough tables and some benches and ono scholar, a boy who was learning French catechism. Be was so dirty and his book was as dirty as himself, and I'm afraid the schoolroom matched him ; but evidently he Was fond of learning. A French gentleman who was with me, ques- tioned him and he replied very intelligently, repeating page after page of the catechism without one mistake. I was rather amused to see hanging from the ceiling of the room strings of onions and bunches of herbs. Evidently, the good priest used the schoolroom as a larder also. The priest's house stands near to the school, and very pleased we were to meet this goer' man. He welcomed us warmly and invited us into his garden. Children, you have no idea what a struggle he has to keep anything in that little garden. The soil is very poor, and the rough Atlantic storms would have destroyed it again and again, if he hal not built a high wall round :it. In the middle of the garden stood a very p-imitive sun-dial, having the pointer made from a piece of old Lin. The priest's garden was the only one I saw on the island. This gcod man loved Mother Earth's gifts and when he presented me with a few flowerr front his tiny garden I felt they were too precious to be allowed to fade and on my return to the hotel I carefully pressed them. I have pasted them in my Album and I never look at those flowers without thinking of this noble priest, living a lonely life in order to teach these poor people about God. In our wandering over the island we came across two little boys who were too well- dressed to be natives. They had a saucer spoon and were carefully getting something out of the rocky pools along the shore. After watching them I exclaimed suddenly' ''Why they are getting salt." One little fellow l i lobed up and said n very good English " Yes, we are getting salt." Finding that this little French boy spoke English, T entered con- versation with him. Ile NH me Le was staying on the island for two months, and as there were no rhops, this was their only war of procuring salt, T could tell you more of my visit to this ialand. hut now I must write a little about bulbs, rs I have been asked about their culture, and from results which I sow at the last Bulb show, I know m!stakes were made. One little girl kept her plant in the dark uutil the day of the show. We all want our members to have a pot of hulbs. Tt is not too late to plant them. For ' potting bulbs any good garden soil it ill do, but it is better to use a compost of two narts of rotten sods or loam, one part of decayed leaves, with sun:lent sand to make it porous. Pot the bulbs firmly in the soil, covering until only the crown appears, leaving an inch space on the top for watering purposes. After potting give it good watering to settle the soil and RS soon as the surface is sualciertly dry. place the pots in a cool airy place, at the same time keeping dark. When the shoots are ahont 3 or 4 inches high, bripg them gradually to the light, finally placing close to a sunny window. From this time they should be watered freely.—Yours affectionately,

MERRY WEATRER ON WATER SUPPLY Ec FIRE PROTECTION OF County 3lansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangsments. Write for Pamphlets Alerryweather Ec Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

*°l' "A LADY'S SENSATIONAL DIS- COVERY for creating a Full BOSOM and Fine FIGURE. The most hope- less cases treated successfully. Full particulars sent on receipt of money s's.\• 4 order for 3!- or 51- for two lots, sidticient for a full cure, by Miss A. Doring, Reuterstr 4, Hamburg."

MARVELLOUS DISCOVERY. Experts are Deceived. The Pearl Necklaces are UNBREAKABLE, they DO NOT DISCOLOUR, wear as well as real. In three sizes. Price 10/6 post free. Enclosed in a fine velvet case. To each Necklace WE MAKE A PRESENT or a very fine Tie Pin, with same quality unbreakable Pearl. Sent on approval. Write to C. EDWARD, 260 BIRITBECK BANK CHAMBERS, High Holborn, London, W.C.

DO YOU COUGH TAKE KEATING'S LOZENGES Tins 13.? You WON'T COUGH.

Established IE3I 4731 CrrOral. BILLIARD AND BAGATELLE TABLES for winter ovoninr. A lArge stock of new and °con-- hand Tatl always on hand. Illnetratei Ca' al gne and Monthly List LI se,x,nd-lianti Tables scut psst fr.e George Edwards, /34 Kingsland Road, London, N.E.

WHY NOT! •,, 4.4-1,---r „N A\\al -,.. Buy your Boots rily\cc:r. DIRECT .FROM 4.,...:e0, at first cost, and shop 2.‘ 411--,1 \ '4--...Cl''' 'l‘ ____,.±,pa • y9ll 0.0 Or 0111- Fpkii- clidly Illastf ato.l extu- holes with foil I. 141 t cc. 1,-s. We viarentee every to,,t. Sollel Leather throughout. To enable 119 co add your name to our list of Rev. -.r CUS*Zaxers, Try a lair of our Su crier Box Calf or ..ltr,>l.o D:r y's, with specially sel,cto.l Wat,.a.- . proof 5,:1e6 i x Vitt 'Neatbor. Pric,l3,6, post free. WOODWARD'S DIRECT ROOT SUPPLY CO., I;U:3:ILEN, NORTHANIVION.

MOW TO MAKE LIGHT BUNS. By using Eiffel Tower Bun Flour tlle most inexperienced person can maim light Buns and Cakes with certain success. Try a Id. packet.

COFFEE BY POST DIRECT FROM THE MARKET at 1/6 per lb. Sod RO ISTED only, not ground in 41b. packets for es. 6d., carriage pad. GREEN TREE COFFEE s a blend of exquisite flavour selected by a Connoisseur from the beat crops of the World and roasted by experts. Fresh daily. Coffee-mills If required en Applicatlen. Learn what good pure Coffee is Eke. THB TRBB COMM CI., 12, MARK L&NB, Loanorr, B.C.

FARMERS-Fruit. Vegetable, Poultry. or General—who ars not satisfied with their preqent condition and prospects 4 more particularly those who are renters, shouli snake a study of the "opportunities" existing in the United Sl".ates for the securing of a home and an indepondence by the ambitious, industrious, and intelligent farmer of MAU or large means not afraid of work. Cut away from the renting habit, and be an owner. It interested, write me for "Free Illustrated Docks," stating what kind of familyg you prefer.—A. Jackson, General European Agent, Rock Island-Prison Lines, Cunard

• cee atrnki HAT c) Nexi %WI RI! 111 ASTHMA, evonturs. CAM 1 WHOOPIIIC COUCH. POST F IEIO SIP,. ;QS CASs SAMPLE NICHOLAS LeDAIN. CHCHIST, CRDINGTON. CArte4ol-afX Dathli

The Solution to the Unemployed Question. START A PROFITABLE MAIL ORDER BUSINESS. and be your own Master. It requires no t actory, no capital, and no exi (+stenos to make money at borne. Write tIOVELIY (0., DEPT. IL, 10, JCH T., TA MWOBTP.

FROM WAREHOUSE TO WEARER—DIRECT. Long coat Fplendid quality stripe frieze , double•breaste.l tront. nlog beck wrth belt, shaped gauntlet cliffs, hip poelee's and tab, vent at bole, sizes, londer, sinsll. full, and cutsize woracu's, lengths 50,52,51,50 AOB ins. Colour light brown , in ors green , royal and navy blue. My ever ial pl ice Li. this 10/9 poetsound, harawearing Pahtot Mfree Dress Skirt, very smart, seven roreaVivn, a Cloth; ov 1i ieanle; invert- d pleat at bask ; rows of Air:l-keret foot; trrunoeil n'iolos of same material. In blank, navy, brown, r"yal. & green. Alen in Tweeas is mill & &Irk preen and brown mixtures. Lengths .13, 34 40, 42 ins. ; waists 23 to 21 ins. A corn- IQ p3st bination of quelty, style & value. 4.-1/ free RIIIZMIIICIT that money is returned in full if goods ass not approved. Orders for these garment; will be executed in at; let rotation. MoDOHALD'S Regent St., WAREHOUSE. Rugby.

DO YOU WISH TO SAVE 50% OH YOUR CLOTHES? If ez ear ful y roll our n-nrvillou4 , 1T.,-.. ki.OWARD ROSS & Co., .. . . ~ ,i • Ti.n Drl.ss t= unit 1- A:Nu :•Autc Ax.rP. For a thert titre cnly, to dee" f.nr T Ow 111,), es to the imb•io,vo ..Ifor to st pply you with &me of our lea, ii g . ' ' In • ,IFC:e !It, pr skfttli, No. .18.4, tie..ttd back. Mod.; i . • . in Mather Tir,•ed, an ex• . . celeet qa,::i'y it: stades, . . . Gry, (ircen sxd Prawn u,ixture ; clio is cur PI- •/ 1 . prior 51°1 a-fills:1- ed. Virtu, ea in e• a-les, row k, ?Envy, Th.own, . . „,,,, ' ~ •, a 3.!1r10. Alta Royal.. i i 10%. .1;010' ',... "i . .0:1,1 cuh!ernnete:u7f- . lougth of r • . ' FroLt„ 'flip,. _•.'s and Waist, with P.O. - , • for 441 to ',erre t 143 gaArvellons lorts.i". Prolate, Si. extra. All liiii9 over fir long and 18" Teal•e, 1/. extra. AU g g nurnta fitt,ml on models before dispatehed. Sind at ours while this offir LAIL NOTI 01;S •DDr..rs.: =WARD ROBS if CO., 48 Market St ,Mancleaster.

ICHAT om 'CHANOE Read carefully page 46. This book, compiled by a leading Financial Expert, will be sent gratis and post free on application to THE SECRETARY, GERSON, HAMSON & CO., LTD., NORFOLK HOUSE, LAURENCE POUNTNEY HILL, E.C. Telegraphic Address, " ESPONJAS." It gives a clear and lucid explanation of how to operate in the STOCK MARKETS and tells you at a glance the best method in which to OPEN AN ACCOUNT

OPTIONS.

• a 0 ▪ B 01i 0 k I ; 0 ci) tea 222

t N • r`l 0.• CC 0) 41 0 4•1

Wycliffe Young Peoples Society. The weekly meeting of the society was held on Monday evening in the Memorial Building, Miss oorne7 occupied the chair. An excellent paper was read by Miss Agnes Wallington, entitled "Superstitions." An interesting discussion followed, many members taking; part.
