===== 0002601_19080118_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I

PROMCNADE CONCERT'. —CONSERVATIVE ASSEMBLY ROOM. WEDEBSDAY, 22aR JANUARY, 1908. COMMSNCH AT 7.M. PART I.—A SONG CYCLE " CHR SDNBONNRT."—(LoItr.) Mug M. P. RIGBY. Miss AMR BBS WICK, MR. LEVI RICHARDSON, MR. HARRY DAVIS. ACC,MPANIST : MR. G. B. WEBB (St. MlotuteVe.)—Dußtwe IRTERTAL, TOM BOOTHROYD AND Ku GRAMAPHONR WILL WNTERTAIN, Ramo, PART: MVORLT,ANBOUS. Mtsa LENA DIME- vzORTH, MR. T E. KNOWLEIS, Ma. WILFRBD RIGBY, Ma. JORDAN (HuroorlPt). ACcomPANisT : MR. HUGH MRT LOB. ADMISSION SD.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY 20TII, 1908, AND DURING THE WEEK. J. A. CAMPBELL'S CO., IN THE REW HOMELY DRAMA "THE LITTLE BREADWINNER:" Time and prioes ai usual. Rests booked at the Theatre 11 to 1 Gaily A from 8 to 9 p.m,

PARR HALL WARRINOTON.-FOR TWO WIOACS ONLY, JOMMENOING MONDAY NFXT, JANUARY 20rri 1008.

RETURN VISIT. RETURN VISIT

SYDNEY CARTER'S FAIL OIIS

NEW CENTURY PICTURES.

GIGANTIO PROGRAMME',

Popular Pricer, le. fid., lc, 63., 3d. Every Eveaing at 8. Matinee Saturday at 3.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080118_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL NOTICE

NO PERFORMANCE on WEDNESDAY. January 22nd on account of Hall being Filmed. —_____

THE PALACE AND HIPPODROME,

V 7 ARRI MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY 20TH AND DURING} TRH WERE% 7-0--T Vir ICE NIGHTLY--9-0.

ALBERT & EDMUND'S

In the Pantomimleal Abeurdity

"NEIGHBOURS."

FOX AND MIILVILLB With Illnetrated Songs.

A'MOS tIOWARD, Coon singer and dancer. MA.BRL MAVIS, The wonderful musician. RAYMOND'S FAMOUS 810-TABLBAIJX. WAR & DEAN WILMAN. a" Argumentative gents. Instrumentalist. THE SATANELLA TRIO,

Seneational Acrobatic Dancer,. PRTOSq AS USUAL.

WAREINGToN INFIRMARY EXTENSION. SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATIL £ s. d. Mr. F. Hartley Mrs. J. R. Pin,.mere Mr. and the Misses. Taylor. Paul et ...... Mr. B. Bradshaw, 0.4. 1 1 0 Mrs. B. 19,a4shaw Mrs. J. H. Davies, per Mrs Plckrnere 1 1 0 Mr. lisliall Owen (addltlonal donation) Amount preytouoy acknowledged £14,71L 9 3

£1478217 3

W. PETER RYLANOR, Chnirtnan of the Extension Committee. - ORDWIR DARIN, Hon. Tre‘enr.r.

CANADA 131 °CHAN CI FAE BEORTFBT All

Y ALLAN LINF.—THF, ACME OF :O,AVoRT IS ATTkINRD IN THS ST TTJRAINIII STEAMERS. ND CHF.APEST ROUTS TO ALL FARTS OF CANADAA WESTERN STATES. Unsurpassed Accommodat ion Banelien Cuisine. Details re Work and Wages. Apply ALLAN& 103, LEADWNHALL STRIRT. nne 5, PALL MALL. LONDON • 19. JAMBS FTREET. LIVERPOOL or Local Agents

SPBSD,

hAFETY.

OOMFORT

COUNTY BORTH:44H OF WARRINLiTON - EDUCATION COMMITTER. BOLTON COUNCIL SCHOOL LATCHFORD. SCHOOL-KBBPIIRS. ILlMileations are invited for the post of SCHOOL- of tt e above named sehnot. Plndldates must be not mnre than 45 years a age; the "1447 will be at the rate of £73 per annum with house and fuel.

Candidates must, before applying, read the conditions of aPPointment and the duties to he portormect, which, together with all particulars, can be obtainel from the undersigned, to whom apnlications must be sent by not later tlyin the 31st January, , 190?. OlitlValling, either by the caniiciates or their friends, will " a eisquatifinetton. Rannat.on office, J. MOORR MURRAY. M.C. Sankey rt.. Warrinatnn. Becietary and Director. 14th January, I9CB.

COUNTY BoROUGH OF W ARRINGTON . BPUCATION COMMITTBS• HEAD MISTRESS. mAPPLIOMIONS Ala INVITED for the post of HE &D- -ISTRESS of tLe FAIIKNY BEID1:188 (INF &NT5') COUNCIL SCHOOL. ..14Pplicants must be College-trained. The commencing 'gar? will be at the rate of £lO5 per annum. to scale. rising according , APl:Mentions must be made on the official form, which, (.a,31 her with a copy of the scale of salaries, may be obtained !rons the undersigned• and must be returned to him by not tater than the 31st January, 1908. Education °Mae, J. MOORB MURRAY, M.R., Sanhey-atreet, Warrington. Secretary and Director. 18th January, 1908.

E ..d.

£26910922 13 8

LOCAL OFFICFS : WARRINGTON AND .BARLFSCOWN M MAnGsa, JAME 3 MOTTHAM.

ABOITS. E 6. d. E 6. d.

By Clash in band and In the _ Bank of I3ngland ...... 2509339 13 2 „ Money with London Brokers and others at call and short notice 1378220 0 0 3888059 13 2

„ Investments, viz. :- 21 per cent. Govt Consolidated Stock (Including £150,000 lodged for Public Accounts) British InLlan and Colonial Government Stooks Corporation Stocks, English Railway Derenture and Pre- ference Stocks and other investments 2071747 2 1 4546882 15 1

~ Ille of Rico[lenge, lees Rebate 37404E5 5 10

12175427 14 1 „ Advance. In Current Accounts, de, „ Liabilities of Customers for Bank's

Aa3pptenceB ...................... 1868486 3 6 „ Bank Property

£269LC928 13 8

lANAGER, WM. A. MoCLURV. ALTRINCHABC AND MALE

===== 0002601_19080118_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
LIABILITIHS.

To Capital, 158,000 Shares 260 each, £l2 paid „ Reserve Eund,as per last Account r.. Transfer from Profit and Loss Account....

„ Profit and Loss Account— Dividend for half-par to 31st, December, 1907 Balance carried to next Account „ Current, Deposit, and other Accounts „ Acceptances 0 Unpaid Dividends ICO4 15 8

===== 0002601_19080118_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
OUNT Y BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. V) ST. AUSTIN'd WARD BYE-ELECTION, 1903. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, Owing to the well-deserved elevation of your highly esteemed representative, Mr. Thomas Burton, to the Aldermanic Bench, a vacancy has been caused in the Council for St. Austin's Ward. I have been asked by a large number of responsible ratepayers of every shade of political and religious opinion, and also by the Liberal Ward Committee to allow myself to be nominated for the vacancy. I have great pleasure In yielding to their kind and flattering request on the understanding I am allowed to offer myself for your suffrage as an Independent Candi- date. It is well known that although I bold Liberal views on Imperial and Parliamentary politics, I am bound to no political party in my Religious Opinions, and that I am totally opposed to Municipal affairs being conducted on party lines, or engineered for political or party advantage ; therefore, although I hope to secure majority of the votes of the ratepayers of our Ward, irrespective of religious or political oninicn, : wish it to be distinctly understood I will in no way bind myself to support the views of any sect, section, or party, except In so far as the welfare and needs of the ratepayers are concerned and my conscienne dictates, and I appeal to my record as a Councillor for the Borough in past years to prove that in all discussions in the Council Chamber I have supported only those motions which I honestly believed were for the benefit and well-being of our town. Should you honour me with your representation I firmly intend to do in the future as I have in the past, that is, to give my beet efforts to the advancement of the welfare and prosperity of Warrington. I am deeply interested in the progress of Warrington as a nsanufacturfng centre, and so tar as I can, I will always advocate any scheme proposed In the interests of manufacturing enterprises that will tend to improve our borough, and find more permanent and better paid labsur for our working people. lam in favour of Municipal Employment being found for the genuine unemployed; and I hold that this can easily be done by municipal enterprise, with advantage to the ratepayers and benefit to the unemployed, by the judicious employment of labour on our waste and unoccu- pied land, to. The hard-working wage earners have always in me an earnest friend and advocate. No man has a greater interest in or a greater desire to holy the genuine working man than I have. I personally know his wants and his difficulties. I have the greatest respect and admiration for the man whole honestly trying to improve himself and his position. for by doing sobs improves the community in which he Urea. I have good reason for wishing to associate myself with St. Austin's Ward in our Town Council. I began my business career in this Ward. I am one of the largest amongst the Tradesmen Ratepayers in the Ward. and if elected I will do my best to alleviate the needs and burdens of that important and responsible class. If you do me the honour of electing me as one of your representatives, It will be my constant endeavour to keep the Borough Rates down to the lowest point, consistent with the good and efficient mamigernent of the town and its various enterprises. I take a deep interest in the Religious as well as the Technical Bducation of our children. I have always advocated free meals for school children when the parents were unable to sufficiently provide for them; for in the health, strength, and ability of the obilriren of to-day is vested the real future and prosperity of Our Borough and Empire. I am, Ladies and Gentlemen, Yours ever faithfully. JOHN MAGINN.

Raddon Court. Warringt )n.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH 4g.4. WALKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR WINTER WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 V. nimailEas GATE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
RVRRSIONS T7NDTPII villTSQ.—Terms or Parrhkrf... Tow, QUIWLAN. 20. Rooklereborv,wr,onion.

DRIVATii T.O/117F). £lO, renArfthle 15e. monthly. Larger emcninte in Dimtinn4 no object. Forms re.—F. Purr. 4 Yr), PR, Inglie rd., ()radon.

2/6 MONTHLY Repars £5 Lnan.—Ch.re pr-fit. Pros !Irish's tsv,t etsmps. —Co-3PRRATIVE BANKTNG SoCIFTy, f. imrri Lirerpqnl.

ei ASH ACCOMMODATION.

Pin repiv Plt c n• £5O reipav £5B. on rpr.v on In 0. RINI r.onv £ll. .£lO repay £33 15 0. CTO repay CV. ATTIV "7. TACTCSorz, 70. PLYMOTrrn GROVP. lurevircußSToP.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
riwpopT

_ • ANT.—Thp ifeermiißN tiorrivrvxq TrriVER- . SIONARY ClO., LTD. (Incorporated 113751, mak. /leavening to pereons entitled to nrnnerty on tbe. death of ectel relative'. or otherwipe. in expectancy, end noon levarie. tnodi chancery, life iaterestr, (Ina nnitia. nn,l ~,,,jhate Ibme intere•t" for prompt ('ash. —SmAtraon &K6afP, Secretarial', 22 Lord et., Liverpool. by self-nrnisine AdvertiPere. DIN'T Arrql,F,T) We don't arlyertire non.enee. Anybody worthy of credit can hare money on note of hand. Bl' Q an old- etetablirh.d firm Andre:date...Ad hy Parliament, cannot and do not advertise mialeadlne forme. ..lease note : £3 loan - weekly £lO loan - weekly £5 loan 2/- weekly I E7i" 'nen 5/- weekly - £5O loan l2/6 weekly.

• Altemtions can be made intthe above terms by mutual arrangement.

trr. covirßntee privacy wbether buarneos results or not. WrGa eqi MAURTOR CM..P. CITTRRTLY., %%RAGA:RMS. 31. CATRO 13T. WARRTAGTO4.

DO £5,000 ADV ANCED by PRIVATEC LRNDIIR ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTRS. No Bills of Sale taken, and absolute privacy guaranteed. First letter of application reonlym prompt attention. and Intending borrowers are waited upon by a repretentative who is empowered to comniete tramasotion on term., men- ally arranyed. NO ("MARGE BRING MADII UNLESS AUSTNERS ACTUALLY COMPLETED. Special quotations for Short Loan,.

Write in confidence to— MR. T. POLLITT. 30, OLDHAM ROAD, MANCHRSTRR.

CASH ACCOMMODATION

£lO repay Ell 5 0. £5l repay £36. 220 repay 4221 10 0. £lOO repay Ell 2. £3O repay £33 15 1. £2'o repay £224. Apply 'V. JAMCSOV, 26, CORPORATTOV ST., MANCEIRSTER.

PUBLIC mynas. BoRROVirgIIS who have paid or are paying the usnal high rate of Interest for the loan of money, do so no longer. but come to me, and I will eivrinc• you sufficient monsy at bait the rats of interest von hive been charged. So don't fail to give me a call, or write anl convince yourself as my terms cannot be beaten. Apply personally or by letter to the actual lender. J. LORD, _

_ 4, PARKgR ST„ WARRTNGTON. (Corner house, neer Bank Quay Station.) LB.—No connection with any other loan ogles In the tows

HSTABLIRHED OVID! FORTY YRARS. R. HARRIS, 2, RING-STRERT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWHATS STRERT, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCRS, In SUMO of from RIO to 111,000 ON (DUPLA PROMISSORY NOTE. IDAPTIEM wishiniz for temporary CASH I A DVANORR should note fhe advantnees offered, viz.— THB SIMPLICITY OF THU PROMISSORY ROTH TO BE Stamm THE LOW RATH OP INTRRRST CHARGBD ACCORD- ING TO RISC. TRH WRITTRN GrtARANTRII OP STRICTRST PRIVACY THE qYS TEM OF SMALL RRPAYMRNTS EXTENDING OVRR A PERIOD OF TIME CONVIINIIINT TO TH a BORROWER, NO BILLS OF RALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGRRRD AND THR TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED MANY NRW.PAPRR OR GAZRTTB, APSOLUTII SAMMY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS, RWIRIVR !UMW/LATH ATTENTION IRRRSPRCTIVR OF DISTANOR In urgent oases *Renresentative wiil call personally upon applicants end complete the transaotionn at their own home or places of tinniness. My fair denlfre end reasonable charges are widely known and my rerintntion stands tinrivalled,

RSTO £5.000 I,MNT 11XILY. LOWRST INTRRRST IN lINGLtND. 1 £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. 215 loan, Repay 101. weekly £lO „ „ 41. „ f. 31 „ „ rs. „ £l5 „ „ 6s, „ £5l „ ~ 21s. „ £2O „ „ Bs. „ £lOO „ „ 355. „ No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Sr:mobil attention to applicants from this district.

.. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, 13R17F9V7VIC RT., lITXPORT) RD., ..IANCH1I3T1111!; and Rt 87, VICTORIA RD„ NORTHWICH, 65, ROLRSTOR Rn. (comer of OMI ,n qr.), ogyi wg, 8. TRIINTHAM ST., RtIRCORIP.

£STO £l,OOO WITHO Appty W. JACICSOI4, 70, PLYMOITTH GRoyg, ATANCIHRSTAR.

SUR KTI ES.

WIDNRS. £5, 17, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. VARMIIRS, WORKINGMHN, and all Res Peat. ti a Householders. on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOCRABLH MILLINGS. K. COWRN, VICTORIA CHANBRRS, WIDNES, Porn' OP TAR CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN R. GOoDwitv. N.B.—Warrington and Runoorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

IE3 3IM wrscow's M 11 SANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON.

For OVERCOATS ready to wear, And OVERCOATS to measure, NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. CRAIK, 36, BUTTERMVFAUL TWO EET, is.

iS7!l•AuLaottliD

RICHARD JEFFREYS; 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HAM ABEE AND PR/ST SELLER. A Lens Assortment of Premed Pictures, sultab!e for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prises, Ile. Terme Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLTER OF PICTURE BY WATTS, ROS3RITI, end BURNS-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONE OF PICTURES IS IRE RATIONAL, TAIE ASO OTHER GALLERIBS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- , -

s .• ,

===== 0002601_19080118_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examinee, Saturday January 18, 1908.

CHILDREN. IN PUBLIC HOUSES. Well-known_Warrington Publican

Summoned

MAGISTRATE AND CHIEF CONSTABLE.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday before the Mayor and other magistrates, Fairfield Thompson Turner. licensee of the Coach and Horses inn, Liverpool-road, was charged with selling intoxicating liquor, to wit, whisky, to a person under the age of fourteen other than in a sealed bottle. .

Mr. Steel appeared for the defendant and pleaded not guilty. The Chief Constable said that at 8.20 a.m. on Satur- day, January 4th, P.C.'s Reddington and Woolacott saw a small boy come from the Coach and Horses, Liverpool- road, who bad in his possession a small vessel contain- ing threepennyworth of whisky. The °facers took the boy back to the house and the defendant's daughter admitted serving him. She told them that she had questioned the boy as to his age and he said he was fourteen. He (the Chief Constable) would have the boy's birth certificate produced which would show that tbeboy was only eleven years of age last November, and besides the boy was not even tall enough to show that he was fourteen. _ . _ . .

fie 5 -ding t-o n, in corroborating, said that when he and P.C. Woolacott took the boy back to the house the ; defendant was upstairs. They questioned the defend- ant's daughter, Elizabeth, who replied that the boy came in some weeks ago, and she asked him his age, and Ihe said he was fourteen, and she had served him several I times since then. Mr. Turner said he had never seen 1 the lad before. There were smaller boys than the one , they served who were over fourteen. I Mr. J. Todeschool attendance officer) then produced the boy's birth ,certificate, which showed that he was born on the 10th November, 1896. Mr. Steel : Were you present when the boy was born ? (Laughter.) How do you identify the boy ? Mr. Todd said he was not present when the boy was born, but he. (Mr. Todd) had received notice of the boy's birth. The boy (John Hughes) was then called. A Mrs. Griffiths sent him for three pennyworth of whisky. He had been to the house for her twice before, and had told Miss Turner that he was fourteen. Mrs. Griffiths and she gave him a half-penny each time he went. Mr. T. S. Steel in his defence drew the magistrates attention to the fact that Mr. Turner had been landlord of the Conch and horses for thirteen years that day. He was a member of the Licensed Victuallers' Associa- tion by whom he (Mr. Steel) was instructed to defend. The Act of Parliament under which defendant was summoned was Intoxicating Liquors, (Sale to Children Act), 1901, which said that no person had to sell intoxicating liquors of any description to any person under the age of fourteen years otherwise than in sealed vessels. The Licensed 'Victuallers Association

===== 0002601_19080118_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR'S BANK LIMITED. Report of the Directors.

The directors of this bank will submit the follow- ing report at the annntl ordinary general meeting of the company to be held at the Canon-street, Hotel, London on Thursday, the 23rd inst. :—The directors, in submitting to the shareholders the balance sheet of the bank at 31st December, 1907, certified by the auditors, have to report that the position and prospects of the business continue to be in every way satisfactory. Including £H8,163 10s. 9d. brought forward at 30th June, 1907, the net balance of profits for the half year, after writing down investments to below market value, providing for all bad and doubtful debts, and rebating the current bills at 7 per cent., is £367,613 18s. From this sum the directors recommend :—The payment of a half-year's dividend at the rate of 19 per cent, per annum, payable, free of income tax, on 3rd February, £162,307 10s. ; a bonus of 1 per cent, payable, free of income tax on 3rd February, £17,085 ; the I transfer to bank premises account, £15,009; the transfer ' I to officers' pension and provident fund, £15,000 ; making £209,392 10s. ; leaving balance to be carried to next account of £158,221 Bs. Branches of the bank will shortly •be opened at 300. King's-road, Chelsea, S.W., and at Rusholme, Manchester. The directors who retire at this time by rotation are Mr. James Tullocb, Mr. Alfred Morrison Turner, the Hon. Arthur Stanley, MT., Mr. Hussey Packe, Mr. Alfred Hewlett, and Sir Ewen Cameron, K.C.M.G., all of whom are eligible for re-elec- tion. The auditors, Messrs. Turquand, Youngs and Co., ;London ; Messrs. Stead,Taylor and Stead, Liverpool ; and Messrs. Alfred Tongue and Co„ Manchester, retire, I and offer themselves for re-election.—Cecil F. Parr. chairman. 4, Bartholomew-lane, London, E.C., 14th January, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
- -.--.>------

Wycliffe P.S.A. I Hr. Joseph Owen presided at a meeting of this I Society on Sunday. In the absence of the appointed I speaker through illness, Mr. George Wallington gave the address, upon " As water to a thirsty soul, so is good news from afar." He said that as they thirsted for water, in like manner they expected news from their loved ones and friends from afar. He hoped the varied joys and customs of Christmas would be kept up, even the joys of children in the shape of "Santa Claus." Christmas time ge them great joy in thinking for others, and helping and comforting the needy. Mr. Woods sang " Across the Minster " and " Our Father " in a plea sing manner. Mr. Gleave led the prayer; Mr. J. Garner the lesson. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. The Secretary announced that the Visitation Secretary was ill, but hoped he would soon be—restored. A vote of sympathy was passed with Mr. and Mrs. A. Houghton in the loss of their child.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FIND IT SAFE AND EFFECTIVE.

ye she Asked him, giving him a farewell kiss. "Besides, it's no longer fashionable," re- "l think I shall go and see Miss Grey." marked the elder-Miss Seymour, grimly. "Well, don't make love to her. Good-bye The niece undutifully made a face behind her Jack: I shall expect you at one to-morrow, re- aunt's back, and then took her by the arm. member, to take me out to lunch. Be a good "We'll go upstairs, and I'ii join you in the. study directly," she added, in a whisper. She vanished with a subtle smile and a wafted She was as good as her word--installed her kiss, and Jack, finding his own way downstairs aunt in the drawing-room, and presently, and out of the house, hailed the first hansom perched on the arm of Jack's chair, was gaily he met and drove to Chelsea. On the way he chatting on everything and nothing, and inci- smoked and wondered if Eva was laughing at dentally making herself more amiable than usual him in her parting speech. He suspected a trace ,to her fiancé. Jack, enraptured, speedily forgot of irony in it, and, what was worse, he feared time and the forthcoming plot till the butler dis- he deserved it. He felt guilty ad using Miss turbed them. Grey's name as a vehicle for trying to make e A young lady, sir, wishes to see you at once Eva jealous, but his fiancee, with exasperating on business." good humour, shewed she thought the lady not "Didn't she give any name?" even worth seeing. . N "No, sir, but she said her business was ina. "No, I will noc meet the Canadian young portant, and she must see you at once." lady whose life you saved up the river," she "Shear her in here," said the master of the had said. "I hate Colonial girls, they have hor- house, looking somewhat confused, and Eva shot rid accents, and are so gauche; but I've no ob- a keen glance at him out of her innocent blue jection to your calling on her as often as you eyes as she moved to another chair. What had like." Jack on his conscience! Miss Grey was a schoolteacher from Ottawa, Heron rose to ieceive his visitor. He felt pretty and refined, far from meriting Miss Sey- thoroughly ashamed of the fare he was about to mour's comprehensive summing up of "Colonial play in, and it was not surprising that Eva sus- girls." She was spending her summer holidays pected from his manner that something was in England, and began them by getting nearly wrong. She stared at Miss Grey as the latter drowned at Hampton Wick; her canoe was run entered. down by a steamer, and the girl, struck on the "You wish to see me?" began Jack, politely head by the bow of the big craft, sank like a interrogative. I stone. Jack, a spectator of the scene, promptly "Yes; but my business is of a private nature," dived after her, and, without much trouble, replied the visitor, with some hesitation. , brought her safely- to land, anesubsequently es- " This lady is Miss Seymour, my fiancée. I corted her home. Since then he had seen a have no secrets from her." , good deal of her, for, as it befell, they were The two women exchanged glances—one of neighbours, and Eva .did not always want him those swift, comprehensive leeks in which ' in attendance, in fact, discouraged his being at women survey each other from head to foot in a • all the houses she frequented during tee season, fleeting second--then Miss Grey bowed slightly. ; She had a taste for flirtation best enjoyed when "In that case my business concerns Mist SeY• ' , J•eek was not in the vicinity. mour equally with yourself. Mr. Heron, my So Jack, rather neglected by his fiancee, had name is also Heron. I am Miss Kate Heron, the' got in the habit of seeking consolation in Miss daughter of your Uncle Robert, and, unfortual Grey's society. She was bright and companion- nately for you, heir-at law under our grand; ' able, and evinced her gratitude to her preserver father's will." ' i so far as 'a nice girl can; in plain English, she "Oh, good gracious!" cried Eva, finding. all j shewed Jack she thought a good deal of him, and her suspicions wide of the mark, "you're never ; that she greatly valued his friendship, the claimant turned up after all these years?" 1 It was pleassei• to gossip in the little sitting- " fps afraid I am," politely replied the pseudo ' room of the Chelsea flat Miss Grey occupied, to cousat i hear stories of Canadian life, and explain English "This is very surprising," muttered Jack. i country customs and manners. He kept Eva Miss Grey was acting her part remarkably well, 1 posted as to theses tete-a-tetes, and hoped she but how ought he to play up to her? Fortu- • would evince jealousy. But she knew Jack too nately Eva took the lead out of his hands. i well, and so was quite sure of him, "how simply appalling of you to turn up! . Miss Grey Was at home, and rose to meet him But you don't expect us to immediately believe ; with her usual sunny smile. She was tall and you?" she demanded. i slim, rather pale of - face, with pretty brown "No. I hardly anticipated my unsupported eyes and hair. She was extraordinarily like a word would be taken on so important a matter. 1 picture Jack had in recollection, but he could I have come provided with the necessary deco' never remember where he had seen it. mentS to enforce my claim. Here are my parents' , " I'm so glad you've come. I was going to marriage certiAcate, my birth certificate. my ! write to you, and you're just in time for Sarah's father'S sworn statement before his death to a 1 cakea," magistrate, and various other papers establishing i ".eak had been Mies Greyie nurse, and had his identity with that of Robert Heron, son of etuck to her charge ever since, with the devotion Robert Heron of Conpaught Hall, Surrey." I childless women often -lavish on other people's Miss Seymour swiftly opened and bent over offspring; she was cheperere Cook, and general the packet the claimant produced. "Marriage elpeVvisor of the' Chelsea flat menage. certificate of Robert Grey and Kate Drury," _she , Jack dropped into his favourite armchair. read out. "I've decided to leave England at the end of "That was the name my eitther passed under." ; this week," continued Miss Grey, busying herself "But his real name was Heron. If he was . pouring out tea for her visitor. " I wanted to passing under a false name, that invalidates the : say good-bye to you." marriage, and you've no claim," cried Eva, 1 "I'm sorry you're going," said the visitor, triumphantly. I with genuine concern. "Must it be so soon?' "No. pardon me. If me mother when she "It must, for a vulgar, practical reason, our married thought her imeband's name was Grey, 1 money will last no longer. London is dreadfully as she did, the marriage would be perfectly . expensive." t . - legal." i "And is yoer business finished? e I remember "01,. we'll ' contest that," declared Jack's when we came home in the cab that day we first fiancee, "and you'll have to prove also that your ' • got acquainted, you said you were in England father was Robert Heron. I don't believe these ' I partly for pleasure and partly on business." papers do that." "No," was the answer after a pause—Jack "That is for a lawyer to decide,", retorted the . thought she burnt her fingers with the teapot, claimant, treating the flashed and voluble Miss 1 for she winced—" no. my business has been a Seymonr with calm disdain. I e_ . failure. An utter failure." "Permit me," said Jack. And, taking the I • "aehrite Is some okenesse- sne. acenowyeatect; ' "Some! There is a close likeness. Tat's 1 CROPS THAT PAID WELL. person under the age of 14 should be served with - "I'm sorry." papers, he glanced quickly through them. Cer-1 bad gone further than that en 3 had ordered that no Mr, ErneeaParke, of Kineton, Warwickshire, records why I always ,had the idea I'd seen you some- " After all, I'm no worse off," she went on, hand- tainly Miss Grey had, as she threatened, done ' . I intoxicating liquor at all, and each member of that the results of his sixth year's experiments in the mailer- where before.' Jack had reopened the .parcel ing him his tea. "I've had a pleasant holiday, her work .Judging by the doeu- association had received notice to that effect. lie • ing of arable crops—namely, oats and marigolds. The of documents and was peering . at them ` How e enlarged my knowledge and my circle of friends, ments her case seemed unassailable. He submitted that it, had been held by the Lord Chief oat crop (Black Tartar) of last season followed a root blind I've been—these are genuine." and eot nearly drowned, which will be something gathered from them that his uncle, a rabid So- Instice and Meatistice Channell that unless the licence crop. Without any direct application of manure it "Surely,,, Mr. Heron, you are not going to 4 to talk about for the rest of my life. So I will cialist in his youth, when first emigrating toholder knowingly allowed his assistant to sell, even if save 551 bushels of oats and 23ewt. of straw per acre. go back to work with a crowd of memories in my North America. had got involved in some .2ssume— . a, the assistant himself knew the child was not fourteen,he eeiperphosphate alone (3cwt. per acre) raised the yield head." . socialistic riots, and had thought it best to move "Let us en is farce. d this f You've been playing could not be convicted. In this case the defendant had so 7,- bushels of oats with 33cwt of straw. When the "Tell me about the business—if it isn't ato &nada and change his name to Greee Under a double game; goodness only knows why. You not even seen the b d b had pal ' 2 ? .- ' • • e boy an e a a notice posted u tuperptiosphate was followed by levet. of nitrate of secret." sail Jack, more to turn the converse- this name ,he had married. All this was p,et are my cousin! You are Kate Heron!" - the hall to the effect that none of his assistants should soda (applied early in etty) the crop was 81 bushels of "Kate Grey. if you please, who sails on Satur- tion than for any other reasen. He hated allusions forth in a sworn statement (apparently) made toserve anybody under the age of fourteen years and oats, with 4lowt. of straw, and where a second dressing to his life-saving efforts., a magistrate in Ottawa. Other documents day by the Bo , , livia and will never come into therefore the case should and must he dismissed. ' of nitrate was appliee later it was as much as 96 bushels - I should like to tell you," she answered, seemed to identify Robert Heron with Robert Your life again.' The defendant said he bad been in that house thirteen of oats with 51cwt. of straw. The heaviest crop, there- reproachfully." No. I've been very dense hitherto, but you " You've never asked before," she added, rather Grey. a clerk in the Customs department of thoears that day. On the day in question he had occasion fore shows an increase of 40 bushels of oats and 23owt. Can deceive me no longer. You are the right- y , Canadian Civil Service. prosecute to go upstairs to wash his hands. He had not been up of straw per acre for an outlay of not more than 325. ful claimant. You came to London to She looked very. pretty as she sat facing him, "Eva," he said, turning to his fiancee, "of long when his daughter came up and told him that two in fertilisers, again showing the economy of your claims—ah ! I see it now. I saved your her slim, white, Interlocked fingers embracing course Glenfinnan must see these, but this lady policemen were in the house and when he went down- manuring well on land which although naturally I, of all people. What an odd coincidence! her knees. He wondered yet again where he had seems -to have a strong, indeed, an unassailable, • life;stairs he was told that a boy under the age of fourteen poor, is responsive to good treatment. The experi- seen her face before. ease." : You Quixotic child, you were going to leave mo years had been served, mental mangold crop (Yellow Globe) was last year "You ought to be sorry for me, for you're "You seem in a great hurry to acknowledge in ignorance of the fact that I was keeping you The Chief Constable :If the boy bad said he was taken after a crop of beans, and was a particularly fine rich and successful, and engaged to be married it ! " was the sharp reply. out of your heritage." fourteen years of age would you serve him whether he Without direct manuring it eve between 18 one. gand to a girl you're very fond of, and I'm- poor and "If the claim is just I have no intention of "You saved my life," whispered the girl, looked f n t not? . o r een.or 1e tons of roots per acre. Four cwt. of superphosphate lonely, and likely to remain so; but when I contesting it." attempting no further denial?. And I won't Defendant said he knew a boy who was n'neteen and per acre raised the crop to 21 tons. On three other came to England a month ago I had visions of 1•• Do you realise what it means—that you'll be take the estate," she cried in another tone, onlyraseall as the boy 'Hughes. portions of the field superphosphate was followed by riches coming to me s and then I thought I would! a beggar again? " "I've brought you nothing but misfortune; I've d the Coach end Horses was situated in nitrate of soda at the respective rates of 2,4, and °cwt. robbed you of your sweetheart. And this is all NI • Steel said . become a great lady, and go into society and "Hardly that," said the claimant, suavely,children - a working-class neighbourhood whore the were per acre and on these plots the yields of rnangolds was • marry a Duke or wicked baronet at least." -4 I have been making inquiries about you. Mr. the amends I can make." She attempted to older than they looked. 'neglecting, fractions, 36 14 d 49 t 0 was, really, .an _ . -, an . OM per acre. n "Well, cheer up, you've escaped the wicked Heron. You were in an estate office before you tear the documents. Jack snatched them from Elizabeth Turner said she MS defendant's daughter these three plots the increase of roots over the baronet: but where was the mythical fortune' succeeded to tho ,and you understand her, damaged, but undestroyed, and held her at h and Horses Liverpool-and lived with him at the Coach ~ unmantired plots was, therefore, approximately 18, 25, coming from?), 'duties festate 're • i 1 arm's length. looking .down into her flushed face. the o an agent. ere is, ,e- s- • d served the boy Hughes three or and 0 pool-road. She had . , . . 3 tons per aere,while the cost of manuring was34s., "From any father's family. I thought I should lieve, such a person in charge of the Surrey E.s- For the moment he could not speak; the four times. The first time she asked him his age he . 9. 58S.And Karespectiyely,which makes the increased weight be able to claim' it But I was wrong." tate. Who is he, and what does he get?" girl's secret was eery plain to read. This love 'add he was four d she asked him again the second • teen .an _of crop work out at from 2s. to 2s. 9. per ton, a price "Does it exist?" " Cantire. you mean? He has a house and which all unasked she had given him, a love so time end be again said he was fourteen, . at which most farmers would be eager to buy roots. "Oh, yes, it's not a Humbert fortune, but it's three hundred a year." - sacrificing that she had meant to go silently out I The Chief Constable • Didn't TOU on this occasion riot for me." I " Then I will pension him off and 'f his life. leaving him in possession, and yet so i . •. Dr. Dyer continues to advise Mr. Parke in the conduct give you the 0 I ask him, his age ? of his experiments. . That's hard he le Do you know, Miss Grey, I pose" selfish that she could not -resist exposing her I Witness • 1 thought he was fodrteen as I hod asked my position is ju4 the reverse. Six months ago , "Thank you," answered Jack. drily. "If no- rival. ' This love, at once so great' and so petty, , . • r I came into a fortune because nearer heirs could thing better turns up I shall, perhaps, 1 grate- was m very precious to him. He realised it as he I him before. Ile Bench then retired. On returning the Mayor not be found. My grandfather made a good fol f'-' e• the offer." I .double d' read her secret, who she was, an why said the magistrates had considered the else very deal of money by land epeoulation. and when he " end Jack has three thousand a year now rle she had acted thus; and his heart, sore and i I died four Years ago he left everything to his the' all you will do for him? " - void by Eve's desertion, went out to her in seriously and they wished to express their feeling for the eldest son 'Hobert or his children :f any. Father Eta. put the question warmly, but the claimant mingled' love ond gratitude. police that they did their duty in bringing that cage and son had mil Tale() twenty-dye years before, ; seemed unimpressed by the aecusation of on. "If you've robbed me of a sweetheart," he before the court. They would dismiss the ease against and 1-nree Robert erele abroad; he'd never been generosity. , said, "you'll have to give me another. otherwise Mr. Turner, but he would have to he mere careful en - • the future. heard of si:ney bet grandfather was quite ;,111'0 " Really. it- seems to me a suitable offer. It I won't touch a penny of the money." IC - . ._ he was alive and aould turn up again. So for is lore Mr. Heron and --I are cousins, but we She shook her head and tried to speak, but , -AT3 ry ,riOths. Dale-street, was then summoned for _ ..._ nearly foitr yeas lawyers have been looking; for bane never met before, and there cannot be tiny he silenced her with a kiss. Nor in the days to sending the boy for intoxicating liquors knowing him to A new remedy has lately been brought to light which hini. but at la-t t.'OV decided he nrust be dead, :•ersnly affection between us. The, is no thee 'eerie did they regret the troth so hastily bounder fonrteen years of age.. 'is now being recommended and prescribed everywhere. -and - I came -ieto !he estate." foe me to do anything. for him. And yoq have Plighted. 1 She pleaded guilty and said she was fifty years of age. It is made from a famous prescription by a noted " end then t':- beautiful -Mi-s Seymour an. iii ,v—perhaps! " . What Eva said about it the reader can Her husband was a waggon repairer at Ilewsey Forge. specialist, and is called Dr. Cassell's Tablets. It costs ' She sent the boy" nit of thoughts." •ereepteil ye,' for leer leisband." i " A pittance, and nothing more till aunt dies; erebably guess.only a few pence, and we advise all persons young or ; The Chief Constable said that he thought that if old, who are sofferine from any form of nerve-or bodily "She mad have ae-repted and married me and we can't marry on it and three hundred a y before if I had been brave enough to propose; year." , . proper Precautions had been taken at the public house, weakness, or such complaints as indigestion, weakness she was telling me so to-day." "Oh. yes, we will, Eva," put in Jack, cheerily. New Surveyor at Lymnt - Ms. Griffiths would not have teen " let in " for the of the kidneys and back, palpitation, loss of flesh or . summoes. He would be pleased if the magistrates rippetite, weslc lungs, and those who are in any may •• Fortunately the non-appearance of the miss- He thrust his arm . through, his dar fiancée's -' • At a meeting of the Lvinin Ur ban Dioriet ( cneeil ea iseharged her on the payrneut of a very small fine, thin, weak, nervaus, or badly developed, to try these Inc heir saved her the test-." faced the claimant smiling. " Let us show the • ' held on Monday, Mr David Mort, a,e of tee tete M SyrWright r. S. ri (a Illaoistrete) : 1 thiak that remark tablets. Stout people may take them without fear of "A tset from which she would have emerged young lady from Canada who seems to have triumphantly." retorted Jack. Miss Grey was drepped out of the clouds and blighted all our so veyoc to the Count il, was elected to stir-cued his ,isa re _etion on the discretion of the magistrates. I increase of adipote tissurebecause of their extraordinary father as surveyor and inspector. There were el. se strongly resent it. showing a now and unpleasant side to her char- hopes of wealth that she is powerless to separate power of converting fat into sound healthy flesh, blood, actor, and he naturally resented her sneers at two loving hearts. 'Cousin Kate. I accept your on 200 'applicants for the post, which is worth :le re) a 1 Mr. W. Roberts : I don't resent it. 1 bone arid muscle. The price is only 10.1 d.. and any his fiancee. She had the grace at ,least to colour. nffer. I'll he your land agent for three him- year. Last week these were edUeed to tour lrom : 'rho Mayor %aid the defendant had caused great chemist will supply Dr. Cassell's Tablets: The public nrco a year and teantite's nouse, trusting trar anxiety through her carelessnese. She might have are to be congratulated in now being able to secure -- I know Pm horrid—l can't help it: I like Wolverba rapt on , Little leever, ote i rrl arwic an S 1 '( W 'kl 1 my diligence and attention to my duties will in , . . damaged the house to a great extent but as she was an this famous remedy, and all who take it are astonished plli. aWI l'%(` heard .stories about Miss Seymour, _ Lyme'. Among the num:. one metal et); e ere appe- . ~,,1 I ,e,,,,r, ti.i..o, she,,,good enough for eau e the future be recognised ,by you with a moderate cants- , ,- , ' ' , old woman they would not fine her the penalty that at ite nuarvellous strengthening effect. • - 1 trunk lam tire re•st Judge of mat," said rise of salary." from siren tar away places as Gess:pew and the the Tiw allowed them, which was 40s. and costs,but she , . the man. "What st6ries have you heard? "he " Don't be absurd, Jack ! " Miss Seymour ie. lele of Wight, i would have to pay 3s. GI. added. sharply. _ shah!, withdrew herself from Jack's encircling . •

THE

GREAT ENGLISH REMEDY

Established 1874.

SAVES MANY LIVES. The Best, Safest and Surest Remedy known for Chill, COUGHS, COLDS, & Throat & Chest Affections, is • ii , es THE OLD ORIGINAL and

World-Famous Lung Tonic.

PUBLIC SPEAKERS

SINGERS,

and those who suffer from

Beware of Substitutes; ask for " OWBRIDOB "when buying Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER.

Prepared by W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. Sold everywhere in 1)0 la. lid., 28. 9d., 4s. 6d., •

)FICRIGILT.

[TEE END.]

.te- • - .00;40 .. ~,,,,t. . , 47,00 - lii If; c' , ~. i.t.c..% -No R • ..Atilsil.,,,,,ii,Xlltla.tvlte:;.. ›1ti;.1,01441,...11 I i rit: Ner 4 COUGHS 014V461.144W.C411:,,,TJ41112iitt 411 . I 61,0 -0 7441: --Ai* - V.! Eji.•• Nil,- y .14'.i!.. • f.' •1. i)i I , - rages •-•-•-•,-. • 'f.''‘ Ni:•,"i4A W • 442114W-41'7.- . it,. .4 ,t, fak. f . •!it'''iltlaigle*, , • fkia,::::4l) • 0;,,,-.1-4.- ,-* , ,;;. •44iiiii,--FP !..,...„i ,1i.:1•,,,rap -, F. ,Ova.gle:•• "4.)4,..,t. -,iiiik . : COLDS. 314.-.'.1, ...t 4: .41:,1,14"7•5. • • eat; •e... ,;....;- ,;171:1,.. lik 79-,. , „•,:•qga-- -F ' ~" *V.:447. 2• . kw-.,.,0...„....:r„ ,_..--,.":;•.,3,16...., jcif:74o: ~s, '--.:.44.• - .".•%1 154, 0-YZ1.4%10---A.'' ) Or' -'9IIIF ,-.1„„,,• F ••. • • •.•.' . . ' ' .e. •• , ', (9IIIP ' .. S 4 • ' . 1,41,4 -- ~.,",..,..taito7liiia 2.---.11:,.•.k-Vf•-:-.. 411#. '-',!! kw: t •1, misl. AV' AA -'g4t. 0.1,...: 014 1:0 ..,-,e0.444. O.+•••!' . Th'•:' 4 .0) ( J 4-.... • ) 0 .....4-, ,„,..„.....„ --_.,:k.,(.0.14.• ...•.4 17-4-y...7..f„N:,., i1k,t,,,,nt0) 67,,, II • ,-,--,i%;— :( A • . ... -.• . yr ..;5...,,. :-..'..... (iite-46 . -,,, ~..:41....:4,.... lip-P--11" T el ',.. •11v:11 i.,... . IMl' 0,4 i f-. MIF 1 14p4 . ' I OW 0 4.1" 4,,...- .1,-AL t. lo aa a IV 'dr . lif ,Ir.t 47Ai11, .77 ,A.,,,mp 111116. . . *- . so— c • All-k PO. '‘'.,glllF• i 's',yj'-..' , ...-Tir,,, lip • iih 11- '•. ; AO AR 1141 aIi;WR , 1,11 4.,,1r Ale ... ...". 'PA .Z.n.' 'Tel .3a r, •1/49, -fig,,/.•'..!Sir .40:f.L.1.411f,• ~,. -,410:41. 'Y.. - 3t ,•••••• :. J.: zSte,. -0.7-' cs.";:* * •-‘ , ~ ...- •e:,-..„460t..:,:,,,..„, ~...._....,,,- „,.... • oir__Nl.;..Fi. •••:-7,-.7,,,, , .cc • 4-:..,.w.0. .....,-4•1.,„_ ...1.....,0 . 0 4 +46...,----,:•.. •- . —••••ilav to r r 111414 ... - • -', ,•*,. ilir-5*:...• *--- •••-: A; .'• 4• •' - . ,e14.,:r....L.)., 2,....rvei11ick..?.., '41!•-•,-01,4% '4.74ll4Priiilrr -:4l:4ltrit 4.01 ' '

'Wes, al and 118.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKES THE ,UR BEST PASTRY.

McDOUGALL'S Pewit SELF-RAISING FL.. [ALL RIGHTS ItliflitVlD.) ! "Don't look at me like that! Nothing arm. "Live in the country on three hundred wrong, of course, only that she's a flirt, and was a year! I think I see myself doing it! No, A FAIR DECEIVER as good as engaged to a Mr. Bonner before she the estate ought to be divided. We could live OD .• accepted you. , fifteen hundred. I "Bonner! What rubbish! A fat, red-faced "I must hold you to your word,. Eva. Only , man of fifty, who isn't even sound in his h's. yesterday you promised to marry me rich or ' How fond you women are of running each other poor." The man spoke lightly, but his face had BY CHARLES D. LESLIE, down! Only to-day Eva said she would marry paled. author of "The Experiences of Cyril Arm- me rich or poor, and she only wished sho could "Yes, but I never thought—oh, it's absurd! strong," - The Burglary at Bryfield Court," prove she wasn't mercenary. I can't! I won't, so there ! ' Eva stamped her "The Confidence of Dr. Smart," &c. "Did she say so? Then take her at her foot impatiently. "And I jilted Mr. Bonner word." for you, and he's worth quite five thousand a _ • " How? " year, and he'll be Lord Mayor in a few years' "Would you marry me if I were poor?" "Make her think you are poor again—that the time, and is certain to be knighted—probably inked the man tenderly, missing heir has turned up. I will play the made a baronet." The girl laughed softly. "Of course I would, part." _ Jack Heron turned very white and held him. Jack," she answered, in a lazily content voice, "You! but you're a girl." self very upright. "Then I advise you to inform looking up from 1-...)0 depths of the armchair she "The sex of the claimant doesn't matter. Yoe the future Lord Mayor of your freedom." rested in at the big, grave figure standing by said the monc ' was left to Your Thiele Robert or "I will, retorted Eva; and marching to the her side. "-I'd marry you for your beaux yeux. his children, if any. I will be his daughter for door, departed with a swish of flounces. But I'm an awfully helpless, thriftless sort of this occasion." As the door slammed behind her Jack dropped girl. I hate sewing and cooking and domestic) "Why, yes," said Mr. Heron, slowly, " the:. into a chair, keeping his face averted from his' economy generally. You wouldn't condemn me heir may be a girl; I never thought of that. fellow-conspirator. His eyes were open now, to that sort of matrimony, would you?" Oh, but it would ho a low-down trick to play on but the operation had been painful, and he "I'd work my fingers to the bone first," whis- Eva!" cried he. wished he was still blind. pered Jack Heron; "but, dearest, you know "I suppose it would," agreed Miss Grey. "I'm sorry "—the girl spoke in a very sub- how spiteful some women are. You see, I've " We'll say no more about it. Let me give you dued voice—" I never meant "—she choked, - heard it's been said you're only marrying me be- another cup of tea." there were tears in her eyes. "After all, it was cause I'm rich. I want you to tell me it isn't But the idea—audacious, even brutal—once he only make believe." that," he added abruptly. had grasped it, fascinated Jack. Had not Eva "Not on Eva's part," said Jack, grimly. "You Miss Seymour laughed again. "Oh, I know vowed she loved him rich or poor—had she not are a good. actress, Miss Grey; you played the lots of women are jealous because I've made a said she wished she could prove it? Why should role of the claimant to perfection. You made good match, as they call it. But how can I ' she object if he took her at her word? me think sometimes it was all real." prove it, Jack? Why didn't you propose to me i ' He half feared the test. But she had mock- He rose, and with an effort mastered his a year ago, when you were poor? emotion. " After all, my fortune remains— "l didn't dare. You seemed so far out of ingly quoted and fortunes are not so easily replaceable as "He either fears his fate too much, reach then, especially as Glenfinnan had told me 1 • fiancees. Is it not so? But lam afraid I have Or his deserts are small, to build no hopes on grandfathey's money, as a I a lower opinion of your charming sex than I Who dares to put it to the touch, claimant was sure to turn up." ' had," he went on, gathering together the And win or lose it all. "And you were afraid! 'He either fears his claimant's documents, and refastening them fate too much '—you know the rest. Pm Did Eva really love him? No one, it appeared, with the elastic bend that held them together. ashamed of you, Jack ! " : thought her capable of marrying for love only, The girl made no answer, but held out her "I only had a hundred and sixty a year." !or even contemplating doing so. How grand to hand silently for the roll he now turned to "Oh, aunt would have allowed me something; ' refute Miss Grey and the rest of the crew of proffer. For the first time since she had entered but it's nicer to marry on three thousand a year, ' backbiting women. He eyed the latter as she the room he looked her squarely in the face. darling." handed him his tea. He started violently, and replacing the roll on Love lit up the man's dark eyes as he bent "How could you prove yourself my cousin?" the desk opened ono of the drawers and began ever the chair and kissed his sweetheart. In- " Oh, I would have to do it thoroughly. I to rummage in it. Miss Grey stood puzzled at deed, the young lady who had just avowed her should have to manufacture documents. But, of his manner. His next remark was equally willingness to marry him, rich or poor, was course, it wouldn't be fair--" peculiar. very fair, and any man might have envied him. "You suggested it," interrupted the modern "You've dressed your hair differently to-day." Perhaps Eva Seymour too much resembled a big Adam, grimly. "You tempted me, Miss Eve, He was looking intently at her and then at wax doll to please some tastes. Her hair was and I hold you to the plot. I will lunch Miss something he held in his hand. light and fluffy, her face small, but prettily pink Seymour and her aunt to-morrow; it was ar- "Take your hat off," he commanded next. and white, and her blue eyes innocent as a ranged Eva and I were going out to lunch, but Half frightened, and wholly bewildered by his child's. She looked not a day more than seven- Iwe will have it in-my house. The old lady al- behaviour, the girl obeyed. He drew her close teen, but she was five-and-twenty, ways sleeps after lunch. I will get Eva into my to the window and stared long at her. "You're Jack wag still worshipping her with his eyes , study, and you must call at three o'clock and exactly like my grandmother. How do you when there came a knock at the door, and he ! play the role of claimant." : account for that?" stood upright as it opened. '. Miss Grey made no reply to this query, but • • • • ...... "If you please, miss, the young lady from It was a dull trio who lunched together at silently took the miniature he was holding. ft Madame Sophy's." Jack Heron's house in Tite-street next day. represented a young girl, brown-haired and "I'll come, Parker. What a nuisance, Jack." The host was distrait, Eva cross because she brown-eyed, just the head. It was not a particu- " Have I to go? Can't you send her away?" preferred a restaurant luncheon, and the elder •larly good representation of the miniaturist's art, "Impossible, my dear boy; she's come about Miss Seymour never conversational at meal and yet it had a certain strong resemblance to my trousseau." times. But Jack was so plainly not himstqf that herself Jack could read every inflection of his sweet- Eva, by the time the meal was over, grew a heart's voice, and knew this was one of the little concerned, and decided it would be politic occasions when Eva had made up her mind, to be nice to him. Reluctantly he walked towards the door with "No," she said, refusing the cigarette-case he her. proffered, "I've decided to give up smoking. I "What are you going to do, with know you don't like me to smoke." _ . . . . . ,__ . _ .. . .

2

'ourself ? "-

===== 0002601_19080118_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

/

===== 0002601_19080118_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THROAT WEAKNESS

TAKE THIS TO-DAY To your Chemist and get the New Remedy for NERVES, STOMACH AND KIDNEYS. Costs only a Few Pence.

BRONCHIAL CATARRH.

A Lady's great Cure by VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. Mrs. J. Brown, of 2, Fairfield Rd., Chelmsford, writes :—" For about a year I suffered severely from Bronchial Catarrh ;I tried several patent medicines but found none so successful as Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. After taking only 3 doses 1 obtained great relief, both in breithing and cough- ing and after taking your great remedy for a little time I was quite well attain. lam never without a bottle of Veno's Lightning Cough Cure in the house, and shall continue to recommend it to my friends, as the finest medicine for coughs of any kind."

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrb, and all chest and throat troubles. Price 90., Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. a bottle, of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

"The Dandy Thieves."

Merriment holds sway at the Palace and Hippodrome this week and those who want to be thoroughly amused could not do better than visit this popular house. The name ri Fred Karno is synonymous with fun of the first water, and the second half of the programme is sustained by his capital company in the successful musical extravaganza entitled "The Dandy Thieves." There is not a dull moment from beginning to end and shrieks of laughter greet the adventures of the bold bad burglars and the valiant police who deem it best to hide round the nearest corner when there is a prospect of coming to close quarters with the wrong-doers. The piece is presented in three scenes and several catchy musical numbers prove highly popular, notably the famous "Six little burglars.' Mr. George Hester, as Sergeant Lightning is the life ! and soul of the performance and his doings whilst in charge of Muffin's Emporium are irresistibly comical. Mr. Frank Morton, as Lord Fasem, alias IFlash Jack, sings with fine spirit "I'm King of the Burglars," his robust voice being used to the best advantage. The programme includes t some other features of more than usual interest. The Davenports, lightning magicians and illusionists, give one of the best conjuring entertainmeats seen in Warrington for a long time. The audience is com pletely mystified by a series of wonderful tricks, for in respanse to a wave of the magic wand, live doves, yards of handkerchiefs and flags appear apparently from nowhere. Yeager and D Costa figure in smart !American Coonisms, their dancing being particularly ! clever. Harry Hillier is an adcomolished vocalist and instrumentalist and does some surprising things in the way of artistic paper-tearing. Some very pleasing songs, beautifnlly illustrated, are given bv Foe and Melville, and G. W. Foste !, comedian, sc res a dis- tinct success in his up ta-d its tame. R tyrnond's Bio-Tableaux, always interesting, has this week some side-splitting pictures depicting the wild career of the Reckless Horseman." Widclop and his orchestra do themselves great credit in the bright selections " Royal Standard" (Dareiriski) and " R ynance and Two Dances" (German).

===== 0002601_19080118_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

Municipal Coal.

The monthly meeting of the Trades an I I abour Council was held in the Independent Labour Party rooms on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Mr. W. H. Richardson. AN APPEAL TO THE KING.

A petition was read from Mr. W. 0. Benwick,London, addressed to His Majesty King Edward, stating that a national memorial to His Majesty's illustrious pre- decessor, the late Queen Victoria was now-in process of erection in front of Buckingham- Palace, and that many of His Majesty's subjects hoped they might have found employment in the cutting and working of the tnaterial of which the memorial is to 13 built, but to their great grief and disappointment they found that much of the work which might have hese done by them was being carried out in Italy. They prayed that His "Majesty might use his influence to the effect that British labour might be employed in the preparation and erection of a memorial to a great British sovereign. He asked the Council to sign the petition. On the proposition of Mr. FiALEY the petition was passed for signing.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A PROPOSED IVITHDRAWAG.

The SECRETA.RY produced a letter from the Amalga- mated Operative Bakers and Confectioners, signed by Mr. FL iiickinbottom, stating that their branch had decided to withdraw their membership from the Council and asking that Mr. Hickinbottom's name might be struck off the Executive Committee.

A deputation was appointed to wait upon the bakers with a view to inducing them to reconsider their decision.

MUNICIPAL COAL SUPPLY.

A letter was read from the Independent Labour Party endorsing Councillor Stott's motion at the Town Council, with reference to a municipal coal supply. Councillor STOTT moved "That this Council endorses the proposition for ft municipal coal supply, and pledges itself to do all in its power to bring pressure upon the Town Council to adopt such proposition." He recapitulated some of the points dealt with at the Town Council meeting and answered objections. Mr. MOORFIELD seconded and endorsed all Councillor Stott bad said. Mr. T. SMITH in supporting said the profits on the 0031 should go to help to reduce the rates. If the Corporation could get coal for Ids. a ton why not every- body else? The workingman had to pay 20s. and six shil' ings meant a lot to a man with a big family. He had great pleasure in supporting the resolution. (Applause.) Mr. COMM, also in supporting, said the discussion in the Council was a disgrace to that body. He endorsed all Councillor Stott bad done and said and he (Mr. Corrin) thought the motion should have been passed. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T. PLUMB also supported the resolution. He said that the profits on the coal should go towards reducing the rates. The Corporation partook of the profits which the workingman ought to have a share of. , It would be of great benefit to .the householders in this ' town. He thoght it took something like 4s. Gd. to ss. Gd. to get the coal to the pit mouth and then he workingman had to pay 20s. for a ton of coal. (Applause.) Councillor STorr intimated that the Birmingham Tr ides Council had passed a resolution similar to the one they were discussing. Mr. PLUMB thought that the resolution should go before each of their branches. Mr. LEECH said that no member of the Council ever delivered a more statesmanlike speech than Councillor Stott did at the last Council meeting. If he had his own way he would nationalise the whole of the land and then they would be sure to get a municipal coal supply. The resolution was carried unanimously. ANOTHER. RESOLUTION.

Mr. PODMORE said it was a very good thing to pass a resolution of that description and some steps ought to be taken to bring the resolution before all tbeir branches and then it wOuld cause enthusiasm. He would suggest that a circular be sent to the branches who would then be able to discuss it thoroughly. Some strong measure ought to be taken by that Council in the way of a public meeting or something of that description. He should like to ask Alderman Tinnion in that room or in any other room whether the price of coal was an abstract question. He hoped the branches would take that matter up earnestly and come to some decision and that the delegates would bring 1 the matter forward at the meetings of their branches. I (Mr. MOORFIELD, in supporting. Mr. Pochnore's motion was beginning to speak about the criticism of the Council in the " Essrniner " when The Cu tam ax told him he was wandering from the question. Mr. MOIRPIELD "I am."—Continuing, he said they wanted enthusiasm throwing into the Council, and he hoped the branches would support it. Mr. HALEY said he felt disgusted at the way Alder- man Tinnion treated Councillor Stott's motion in the Council Chamber. It was a very important matter to workingmen. To say that the price of coal was only an abstract question was a most disgraceful expression. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Penny Popular Concerts.

There was another lair,e attendance at the concert at Bold-street School on Saturday when the pro- gramme was provided by the Lyric Quallette (Misses L. Fairhurst and A. Woodland, and Messrs. i. W. Cook and P. J. George), and Mr. Norman (humorist), of St. Helens. The (VIM tette quite maintained their high zeputation, and their voices blended beautifully in several selections. They also treated the audience to several duets -and individual efforts, and were warmly applauded. Mr. Norman created much merriment with his humnrous selectiong,and thoroughly deserved-the applause he gained. The concert was presided over by Mr. E. Plinston (secretary of the Concert Committee).

===== 0002601_19080118_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

- ---4 is RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S :HATCHES. NEW ZEALAND TOUR. G. T. P. G. T. P. England THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. Pts. Warrington Wigan lO Broughton Rangers ... 8 Leeds ll Huddersfield 4 Halifax l7 Hull ' O. Hunslet lO Bradford Keighley Oldham 6 Widnes Salford l5 Ebbw Vale -

Pts.

Warrngton's Fine Performance. The Warrington men had to journey to Barrow oa Saturday with a team weakened by the absence of Lees, Jenkins, and Taylor. The chosen thirteen however rose to the occasion and beat Barrow in decisive fashion. Fine, breezy weather prevailed and the ground was in fair order considering the frost. Thirty- thousand spectators watched a most interesting game. Teams: _

Barrow—H. Gifford, back; E. Brookbank, J. P. Burns, W. Barnes, and H. &amber, three-quarter backs • E. Fallowfteld and J. D. Wharton, half backs ;, Brough, C. Brown, A. Hannan, W. Hoggett, T. Hughes,. and J. Broekbank, forwards. Warrington —J. H. Tilley, back; J. Fish, D. Idler, wood, G. Dickenson and E. Jordan, three-quarter backs H. Brooks and J. Lloyd, half backs ; A. Board- man, G. Thomas, G. Heath, F. Shugars, Harmer, and P. Boardman, forwards..— . . . . .

Referee. Mr. E. H. Smirk, Wigan ; touch judges, Messrs. W. H. Hall (Holme) and J. R. Robinson (LTlverston). Warrington opened in startling fashion. From the first scrum Lloyd passed to Jordan near touch and the wing man kicked across. Isherwood fielded cleanly and gave Fish a walk in at the corner. This roused the Barrowians and .1. Brockbank gathered from a melee near the line, and scored a try, which Gifford failed to improve. Isherwood next scored after a fine individual burst, Thomas kicking a goal, and then Jordan gathered near the home line, and added a third try, which Thomas converted. J. Brockbank again scored for Barrow, and the score at the interval was—Warrington 13 points, Bsrrow 6 points. The second half found Barrow at a disadvantage, (ughes retiring owing to injuries received in the rlier portion. Fish ran half the length of the field, ihd scored a fourth try, and again Thomas added the major points. Barrow played pluckily against heavier opponents, and Wharton registered a third unimproved try. Brooks added further to the Warrington total, and though Barrow pressed hard the game ended : Warrington 3 goals 5 tries (21 points), Barrow 3 tries '9 points).

I Hu ear)

===== 0002601_19080118_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW ZEALANDERS' RECORD.

The New Zealanders' record t.-) date is as follows For. Against. Opponents. G. T. PTS. G. T. rts._ tiratnley Huddersfield _ __

Widnes 4 6 26 ". 1 5 11 Broughton Rangers Wakefield Trinity 1 1 5 ". 1 1 5 Leeds

St. Helens Merthyr Tydvil 3 7 27 ... 0 3 9 Keighley 0 3 9 ... 2 1 7 Wigan 1 2 8 ... 0 4 12 Barrow Ol 3 ... 0 2 6 Hull Leigh Oldham 2 1 7 ... 1 2 8 Runcorn

Dewsbury and Batley Swinton

Rochdale Hornets 2 5 19 ... 0 0 0

Bradford Halifax 2 0 4 ... 0 3 9 Yorkshire 7 3 23 ... 2 0 4 Warrington 2 1 7 ... 1 2 8 Hunsl et 4 1 11 ... 4 1 11 Sal ford Wales _ _ _

Hull Kingston Rovers 0 2 6 0 1 3 Cumberland 3 1 9 ... 3 5 21 England

Played. 23

63 75 331 ... 35 54 232 Lost. Drawn. 11 2

===== 0002601_19080118_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOMATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. Burtontvood A.F.C. Fairfield Oughtring ton Park 8 7 0 1 32 8 Palatine Rylands' Res lO 6 4 0 16 24 Lymm Warrington Central - 11 4 4 3 18 15 Monks Hall Penketh Latchford Warrington St. Pant's— 12 3 9 0 16 32 *Burtonwood Social ll 1 6 4 15 38 St. Barnahas' Res lO 2 8 0 7 34 SECOND DIVISION. Orford A.F.O Warrington St. John's l2 9 2 1 32 15 Walkers St. Elphin's Warrington Central Res l2 5 4 3 37 21 Warrington St. Mary's l2 4 7 1 14 30 Arpley A.F.O l2 4 8 0 28 24 Oughtrington Park Res 9 2 5 2 19 19 Fairfield Reserves 7 1 3 3 8 13 IMonks Hall Reserves Park Jut:aura Matches for January 18th. Warrington St. Paul's v. Fairfield. Oughtrington Park v. Latchford. Itylands V. Burtonwood A.F.C. Monks Hall v. Palatine.

Walker's Browery v. Oughtrington Park Res. Warrington St. Elptrin's v. Arpley. Warrington Cup, 3rd Round. Castner Kellner v. Lymm. - Hilton Villas v. Sutton Commercial. Results for January 11th. Warrington St. Paul's 0, Oughtrington Park 2. Warrington Central 3, Monks Hall 3. Walker's 3, Orford 3. Warrington St. John's 2, Arpley 0.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DOCTOR GAVE HER UP!

22 18 15 13 12 11 11

22 19 15 13 13

CBAS FORDE'3 Bile Beans Cured tier.

A Terrib'e Experienca with Indigestlon.

Another example of the wonderful power of the- genuine CHAS. FORDE'S Bile Beans comes from Castleford, the Yorkshire mining town. Mrs. Coldrick, of Garth-street, Cutsyke, was practically snatched from the grave and .restored to sound health by this wonderful medicine. To a reporter Mrs. Coldrick said :—" For years I had suffered from indigestion. One Sunday night two years ago:I was taken ill suddenly. My head began to throb and I became so dizzy that I had to go

to bed. For ten months I slayed there, and gradually sank to inch a low state, that nobody, not even toy doctor, expected me to get up again. I suffered terribly from pains in the cbest, and my head ached so badly I couldn't even sit up in bed. Aly stomach was in a terrible state. I couldn't eat w;thout having fearful pain for a long time afterwards. ' I was often very bilious, and at such times the pain across my yes prevented me from seeing anything. 'Ay children had to sit up all night with ms, and my condition WAS so critic ti that my sisters were sent f tr. I was too weak to raise my hand from the bedclothes. I had to be propped up in bed. The doctor said my case was hopeless. I should never get well again. I • "As a last hope I was persuaded to try Chas. Forde's Bile Beaus. I got a box of Thas..Forde's

and as I persevered - with them I felt they were, doing tee good. 3,1 y strength gradually came ba ck I began to eat a little solid food, the headaches - and chest pains grew less severe°, and at last I was able to leave what all my friends thought was my death-bed. When my neighbours came they . were astounded tl see me up and looking so ranch better. Well, I never 10-Ated back affer that. Every dose of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans brought improvement, until I was quite .ured of the indigestion and was again in splendid health. " Since then I have not been in bed for a'clay, but have remained in excellent health. Ido all my washing, and though I have seven people to look after and am knocking about from half-past four in the morning- until ten at night, I can manage splendidly. Neighbours and friends, seeing the wonderful cure they have brought me, have started taking Chas. F, rde's Bile Beans. and are getting as much benefit from them as I did."

Forde's Bile Beans, the same medicine that so wonderfully cured Ifrs. Coldrick, will be likely to cure you too. But be sure you rtet the original and genuine remedy —" CHARLES FORDE'S." Note the distinguishing words on the label of every sealed box. Price Is. I.M. or 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
you

have not tried VAN HOUTEN'S COCOA,

buy a new 6d Tin; you will get 25 cups

out of it,

and enjoy every one.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Veteran Artists.—Painters and artists are proverbi ally among the longest lived, and one of the most notable examples is Mr. W. P. Frith, R.A., who was received the other day by the King, and is still at work with his brush in his ninety-first year. His three best- known pictures are " Derby Day," "The Railway Station" and" Ramsgate Sand s." The last named was purchased by Queen Victoria, in 1853, and was at Osborne until two or three years ago, when the King had the painting pl aced in one of his private rooms at Windsor Castle. Sir Lawrence Alma Taderna, is a much younger man, but he is seventy-two, and although he has produced nearly 400 pictures. his paintings have still all the vitality and freshness of youth. Sir Edward Poynter, the President of the Royal Academy, is about the same age. His wife is ft sister of Lady Berne-Jones, and aunt to Mr. Rudyard ipling. _ The " Thunderer."—lt was the splashing of two

ladle; with mud, by •an ill- behaved boi•seman,-that gave to the " Times" newspaper its nick-name the Thnnderer. There was then, as th.re is now, nothing unusual in women being splashed with road mud, but it was said on this occasion, that the rider was the Duke of Cumhorland,and it was that assertion which produced in the "Times " a very wrathful article on the rudeness of the horseman. The rider however, was not the Duke of Cumberland, and by way of apology another article appeared in the" Times " which began " We thundered out." Pedestrians often do the same in these days

ien -iiii-e—ex-oeption, rather than the rule, fiir ' motorists to show them any courtesy on the highways - but we are a long-suffering people, and protest in such cases appear to be useless. 7 Old Bibles—After the Great Fire of London: the King's Printing Office stood on the site of the "Times" Buildings, and it was there that John Baskett printed 4 the famous " Vinegar Bible," so called from its mis- print—the parable of the vinegar (vineyard). There I used to he a p6pular belief that a guinea was offered to anyone who could find a misprint in the Bible, and there are many old vers ions in the Scriptures in which these occur. There is the " Breeches " Bible—so called from - 1 its peculiar renderings of Gen. 111. 7. Other instances are found in the " Printers " Bible—the " printers " (princes) have persecuted me ; and in the " Place- ' makers " Bible—blessed are the placemakers (peace- makers).The"Wooden Leg" Testament is'so named from the front is piece depicting Satan with a wooden leg. Princess Beatrice to Wed a Spanish Prince.—The engagement of Princess Beatrice of Saxe Coburg Gotha to Prince Alfonso of Burlion-Orleans, forms another matrimonial link between our Royal Family and Spain. The Prince, who spent some time with Princess Beatrice London last autumn, is a cousin of the King of Spain,. is the son of the Infanta Eulalie, who is well-known this conntry. Princess Beatrice, the youngest of tour daughters of the late Duke of Saxe Coburg Mite of Edinburgh) is nearly twenty-four, and some • two, or three years older than her betrothed. This • charming Princess has spent more of her time in this COflotry than her sisters, the Crown Princess of 40umania, the Grand Duchess Cyril of Russia, and the Hereditary Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, and among her intimate friends here are Mrs. Spender Clay, and Mrs. Wilfred Ashley.. 4rrlvlng too late to be Married.—Formerly marriages had ordinarily to be solemnized by mid-day, but although the Aot of 1886 extended the time to 3 o'clock in the afternoon, it is occasionally found that wedding parties arrive too late, and the ceremony has to be postponed until the following day. An instance occurred the other day at Pontypridd, owing it seems i to the eccentric driving of the coachman who, it was explained, had driven another wedding party earlier in I the day. But the point is, that although such mishaps have occurred on many occasions, yet people continue 1 to defer their weddings until close upon three o'clock, and if any accident delays them, they are in danger of being too late, causing considerable inconvenience to all concerned. The practice is, at least, an unwise one, as regrettable as that of throwing confetti, which seems to he regarded by many people as an essential accom- paniment of a wedding. The London Season.—lt has been said that the coming London season is likely to be the best we have had for several years past, but what ground such OPtimists have to go upon, it would be hard to deter- mine. For instance, several hostesses who used to give big balls, have fallen out of the ranks, and there do not appear to be others forthcoming to take their Place. Some plead that nowadays it is next to impos- sible to get men for a ball, and that even when captured, they only dance when compelled to do so. Others maintain that in these extravagant times only tnillionairs can afford to give balls, dinners, receptions, concerts, etc., that the floral decorations cost a fortune, and the food fabulous sums. So many of these people, Who, in years gone by would have done their fair share entertaining slip away, and enjoy the•spring in aunDier climes' or go tours in their motor cars, and When forced to entertain simply whisk their friends off to a fashionable restaurant. And all this is bad hearing I for the debutante ! Concerning Millinery.—Fashionable milliners' show- rooms, in those instances where the sales have ceased and peace reigns once more are a curious medley, for side by side with headgear more, for wear at tee present time in this country, are the most gossamer. like creations, destined for Egypt and the Riviera. The latter make us shiver, it is true, yet we should do well to take note of these airy-fairy models, as in all probability they represent our spring modes. One hing is certain, the bell-shaped hat is gone, the

===== 0002601_19080118_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUTION

A cheapening admixture made from Yeast is being largely used in the manufacture of so-called Beef Tea in penny tablet and fluid extract form.

Yeast ,is a "fungous growth," "the vegetable growth to which fermenta- tion is due"—therefore cheap.

Bovril stands for purity, being the guaranteed product of prime beef.

Insist on having

===== 0002601_19080118_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
- • • ria• '4?;5t.6.. • 5.. r-4; • .14T. 4,54,

majority of the new shapes being somewhat large and tnrning sharply til) on one side. Perhaps we are all a little tired of the clocke hat, still, until it assumed gigantic proportions and the ugly backward tilt, it proved universally becoming, which is more than we shall probably be able to say of the shapes to come. Violent Extremes.—The latest Parisian modistes, in connection with the clinging skirt is the abolition of petticoats, their place being taken by maillots, which are nothing more or less than "tights." Save in the case of a few extremists, the idea is not likely to "catch on "in this country, which is well, for not one woman in a hundred could wear gracefully a gown unsupported by a petticoat. Possibly it will not be long now before we tire of the cat-skin robe, which necessitates walk lug with rigid knees, and causes con- siderable discomfort in sitting down' and getting up again. Anyway there are rumours to the effect that with the late spring, we shall have our pretty full skirts—so infinitely more graceful and charming ein every way—back once more. Hair Ornaments for the Afternoon.—Many leading dressmakers have for some time past supplied hair ornaments with certain of the toilettes, maintaining, and no doubt correctly, that a gown is often spoiled by an inharmonious or undesirable headdress. And with smart afternoon frocks they are now sending home fascinating little bows, to be worn in the hair, built of velvet ribbon, the reverse side being sewn over closely with minute paste beads. The bows are wired in such a manner that glimpses of the bead "lining "—which reflects every ray of artificial light—are caught as the wearer moves. Pantomime Excursions.—Every year some addition to the attractions of the leading pantomimes, and the latest thing in pleasing trips is the running of long distance pantomime excursions, from various provincial centres to London. These offer the most comfortable conditions possible for the journey and one inclusive charge covers the cost of railway ticket, a reserved seat for the Dury-lane pantomine in London, and in addition provides dinner on the train on the up journey and supper on the return trip. Arrangements have been I made to run these pantomime specials from various 1 centres, including Manchester, Liverpool, Bristol, Cardiff, Bradford, Sheffield and other large cities, and they seem likely to be well patronised by pantomime lovers in the provinces. MAD GE.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T NEGLECT YOUR COUGH! Distressing Symptoms_ Quickly Ended.

Don't look upon a cough as merely a cough, and nothing more. A cough is always a symptom of some complaint of the throat or chest, and because of what lies behind it and what it may lead to, attend to it at once. The cough that is associated with pains and tightness about the chest and much fever following a chill, may indicate pleurisy or pneumonia. Fits of coughing that follow on s tickling in the throat, huskiness and tightness in the regikt of the breastbone, indicate one of the worse forms of bronchitis ; sudden difficulty in breathing in association with a cough, points to the appearance of asthma. The throat cough may harass one from week to week, or immediately on the arrival of the cold, damp, or fog. % In Peps we have a wonderful medicine com- pressed into handy tablet form ; a volatile medicine which, immediately a tablet is crushed in the month or allowed to dissolve on the tongue, passes down the throat and bronchial tubes into the lungs. These wonderful fumes reach the furthest corners of the lungs and produce a beneficial effect which can he produced by no liquid remedy or cheap lozenge, both of which are merely swallowed into the stomach, which is an organ without any passage to the lungs. These Pep fumes heal and soothe the sore and inflamed membranes of the throat, bronchial tubes and lungs ; they subdue all irritation, loosen phlegm, and invigorate and strengthen the tissues which have been worn and weakened by incessant coughing. Peps are not only unique in their medicinal action, and unique in a nay that distinguishes them absolutely from everything else ; but they are a most effective and wholesome remedy. rhey contain no opium, chloral, morphia, or any of the narcotics so commonly found in ordinary liquid cough-mixtures. Peps are an ideal medicine in bronchitis, sore throat, influenza, and all coughs and colds con- nected with the thrcat and chest. At this season they are an ideal chest protector. See the registered name—Peps— on every box.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
. - -), . -.-...--q.^.'...,,,. -'-',..14,6fA1ef,?,.F,1,„„"1/4,. :. ... ... . ~. ,ci, ~ , , "- . D, . . . ~

WOULD NOT WORK.

Six Months for Neglect _ of Childien.

At the Borough Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, George Harrison, Cropper's-brow, was charged with wilfully neglecting his three children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to health. Mr. A. Browne, who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., said the prisoner had had three months for for the same offence. The officer of the Workhouse had told him that he had known the prisoner for the past few years and the children had been constantly going in and out of the Workhouse. Prisoner was a puddler's labourer and could earn ss, a day if he worked but he would not work. He had been married seven months, and it was his second marriage. His second wife was a native of Rotherham and her father was a very respect- aple man. When the prisoner got to know the position of his wife's father be left his work and had not worked since, last October. A Mrs. Steel had been looking after the children, as had also a Mrs. Shaw,who were very kind and charitable to them. They had con- stantly fed the children. When Inspector Cox visited the children he found them in a very neglectful condi- tion, being inadequately clothed and ravenously hungry. Had it not been for the kindness of the neighbours the children would have been starved to death. Inspector Cox Of the N.S.P.C.C. said he had known prisoner for the last three years. He was a regular scamp and quite worthless. He had visited him at his lodgings four times and warned him on several occasions. He would not work or maintain his family. On the 10th December he (the Inspector) took the children to the Workhouse himself. _ . .

- Mrs. Steel, 62, Albin-street, said the prisoner was her brother-in-law by his first marriage. Mrs. Shaw and herself had fed the children every time they came to their houses. He would not work.

Mrs. Harrison,the prisoner's wife, and who is 21years of age' was then called but said she had nothing to say. The Chief Constable said the prisoner had been nine times previously convicted, the last time being in December me al, en ho was soot to gaol for two° months.

The prisoner said he hoped the bench would give him less this time. The Mayor said it did not take the bench long to deal with a " brute like prisoner." lie would have to go to gaol for bix months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday. January 18, 1908

, . FALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) -- - - -Mt pay nt both better. mere ire inousanas m DAN CUPID AND TH_E red it, and even more than. that for you. _ ' Theto thestranger's roots f pale, his r aN darken hair,fac flushedand o only l y blood.bya DRESS—FASHION—HOME. I • CONSPIRATORS. perceptible effort did he keep his place. A lump f rose almost into his mouth, but he choked it I down with a supreme effort, and stammered ; , TEE REALLY ELEGANT HAT. I BY CYRIL SEYMOUR. forth: I "You—you—recognise me? Are you sure you By December the danger signal of We mob is • ' Author of "The Magic of To-morrow," "In the do?" `clearly shown, and the millinery to be avoided is Hour of Hi,s, Triumph," "The Sword of plilgalintilnygpruepparheids known, and the hat of teal elegance and taste is Jasper Drake "For e Gold of• Girl, &o. vulpine fati,sowedT,h The stgrrainmg more clearly defined. In Paris—and as follows ,the a Sim to bow to the inevitable. stranger was ._ __ suit London's best shops—the hat and toque • "And so you're going to blackmail me ? w , ' went on the unknown. - nearly solely composed of materials, ribbon, and Delayed somewhat by a driving snowstorm,' • " —..rnat , tyr way of describing it, Mr. fur are almost exclusively seen. Beautiful large the night mail had just come in, and from it a Blank! Let us put it that I'm just trying to flat shapes of stretched satin are the declared favourites of the well-dressed woman on both s a nas solitary traveller descended, unheralded, upon pick a little plum out of the pudding." Bodger's, the principal hotel in sleepy Westerby. "•. . „ P . slip from sides of the Channel. The hat, the Taller says, 'Will a five- ound note stop your mouth? It was eight o'clock, early in January, de- „ .... : should set perfectly flat upon the head without bandeau or tilt, only the edges of the delicate, cidedly the close time in this locality for 1 1 Why, you've thousands at stake, Here it is extracting a siip irom a pocket-book. .scarcesty int 37, wide, thin brim being curled in a becoming visitors and commercials. The traveller was d manner. The crowns of these satin hats are muffled up in a greatcoat, the high collar of an som h else you think a deuced sight more of—your---- often in a slightly contrasting shade. A beauti- which entirely obscured the lower portion of his "Curse you! " said the stranger. "Name , ful hat of deep old ivory satin was lined with head and face, whilst a deerstalker cap, drawn pale cigar brown; round a full crown of deep snugly down over his brows and ears, together d impressively your terms. I suppose I'll have to ,meet you?" ' Jake pause before replying. "I with a pair of blue goggles, completed the di,- panne was loosely thrown a whole sable want five hundred pounds," he said slowly, "in skin held with beaten gold and jade pins. gilise. coin or notes—gold, of course, if you've gat it." "Do you think I'm a perambulating safe?" , The one lounger in the hall—a thin, alert, • A PRETTY BLOUSE.kei the other. '.l. tiav't a fifth part of that • Very smart and effective is 'the charming clean-shaven man of the "horsey" type, about atoney available." 'There came a slignt bream, thirty years of age—gave a lightning sidelong and then the speaker added sarcastically; blouse pictured in our sketch. Though simple in . glance at the unknown as he passed on to the "Shall I write you a cheaue? " design, this pretty garment is essentially dressy little office in the corner to inscribe his name in Jake Potter laughed alciud at the pleasantry. the visitors' book corn A moment later, the new- "That's gotats a in appearance, and would make an admirable ac- er disappeared through the doorway of the . yabownteeyobnit too thin. What cash have r, companiment to an afternoon costume or long cosy coffee,room, to drop wearily into an easy "I'll tell you what I can do. If you promise cloth skirt. The material in which the original chair in front of the roaring fire, not to breathe a word about my presence here was realised was velveteen of a delightful shade Jake Potter, the sportsman and adventurer for the next eighteen hours, I'll give you the ' of green, neither dark nor light, but verging on just referred to, glanced at the big book. The bulk of what I've got—say, five pounds in gold the beautiful iridescent colour known as " pea- latest guest had registered as "John Smith, of and fifty in small notes." cock green." The blouse was cut out in aV in London." "Done! " said Potter, decisively, reaching Front, and crossed over coat fashion, the fasten- The stranger's greatcoat, sparkling about its forward to clasp the other by the hand in relin- ing being concealed beneath a wide box-pleat, voluminous skirts with tiny beads of melted cation of the compact. snow, hung in an alcove at the end of the hall. Bt the stranger made no reciprocal move- It was a costly and admirable example of the mem. Perhaps the slight was unintentional, combined arts of tailor and furrier, for his right hand was already in his hip pocket, I "Worth fifty quid if • it's worth a brass pulling out a fat leathern wallet. , farthing ! " reflected Jake, drawing the open Potter had no intention of keeping his part palm of his left hand lovingly over the silky in .the bargain. He knew a thing worth two of fur. " Hello 1 What's this? ' that. . ' He pulled aside the ruby hangings of the After solemnly pledging himself to absolute hall and peered along the corridor. Not a soul secrecy for the period agreed upon, he made his was in sight, and, judging by the absence of was by a devious route to the local telegraph- ' sound, the lower portion of the hotel was for office, where he dispatched a discreetly worded the most part deserted. Instantly his itching message to the head manager of the Amerly fingers dived into the deep inner breast pocket Bank. He had observed that official's name in of the garment, drawing forth a little green the evening paper, which was now crumpled in morocco . book. The rubber band around the his inner breast pocket. volume, which he continued to finger nervously Then, full of overwhelming virtue, and buoy' for a few seconds, suddenly yielded with a nutty conscious of ,the gold and notes securely startling snap, disappeared with a flick into buttoned up in an _erstwhile empty wallet, he vacancy, and an envelope dropped to the floor, strolled leisurely through the blinding snow I The investigator stooped, picked it up, and back to the hotel. He was a man prompt in turned it, round, for it had fallemjace down on action, and his plan of campaign was thought the linoleum. It bore the black smudgy post- out and formulated in every detail. His victim marks •of two towns, Amerly and Birmingham, was quite safe until at least ten on the following and the address—" Claude Conifer, Esq., Bran- morning, for there was no train out of one- caster's Hotel, Birmingham." horse Westerby until that hour, whilst, in such ; "Ho, ho!" ruminated Mr. Jake Potter. a night of tempest, with snow a foot deep, it I "Two names, so far. I wonder what is Mr. would be practically impossible for Benson to John Smith's game." obtain a vehicle for the purposes of flight. • About an hour later Potter stole round to the The schemer's prospects were of the rosiest. back of the house, and, by various strategic The bank directors could not fail to come down movements, contrived to gain access unob- with a thumping honorarium. Indeed, incidental served to a snow-covered rockery. Here he mention was made in the paragraph of the fact drew into the dark shadow of the bay-, and flat- that the bank authorities had decided to offer tened his features against one of the lower £5OO reward for such information as would lead panes in the coffee-room window, to the apprehension of the missing man. That ! "Mr. Smith," his blue goggles laid aside, big sum was still, certainly, a bird in the bush, was reading a magazine. His face was clearly but the bird was, all the same, roosting on a • presented in profile to the unseen watcher with. heavily limed twig. out, who presently stole silently from his Cogitating thus, Potter turned again into hiding-place, and walked abruptly into the Bodger's. He was in the hall, shaking the coffee-room. As Potter entered, the solitary snow from his coat, when he felt the smack of occupant of the apartment instantly resumed a robust hand between his shoulders, whilst a the goggles. loud voice rang out the jovial welcome: ' The sportsman threw himself carelessly into a "'Elio, Jake, old man 1., Wonders never cease! • chair by the cheerful hearth, directly opposite Fancy rneetin' you! How goes it?" the stranger, and glanced inquiringly towards Potter turned quickly round and, making a the latter. virtue of necessity—for stern necessity made him "John Smith, cif London," was in no mood acquainted with strange bedfellows—gripped the for conversation, and, indeed, he entirely ignored rough red paw •of the man who accosted him, the new-comer. To all appearance, he was en- an individual of a similar type to himself, but grossed by some story or article in the magazine slightly older. he held so resolutely before his face. However, • Have ye dropped from the moon, Pete, into ' the sharp optics of Mr. Potter pierced the device this heaven-forgotten country-side?" he asked, I• without a second glance. Jake could see by its with assumed cordiality. covers that the stranger was holding the publics. "It looks like it, Jake—don't it? The fact is tion upside down. From this two obvious deduc- I took on the job, three months ago, of 'ed tions were to be drawn. The goggles, instead of groom to Lord Bleekland. 'ls place is on the being necessities, obscured the sight of their Welsh border. An' wot am I a-doin' 'ere? ' wearer. Secondly, the open volurms was probably Well, it aren't exactly a secret; but it's dry talk- ' merely being used as a shield against possible in', an' I'm seekin' an 'ot wet." prying curiosity. ' "Come into the smoke-room, Pete, and liquor I Potter took out his cigar-case, with a flourish up to your heart's content. My oof-bird's in and a cough meant to attract attention, and grand feather as it 'happens—though that fs offered a weed to his silent neighbour. The something of a secret," proffered hospitality was declined with curtest Placing a friendly hand on the groom's thanks. So, ringing the bell and calling for shoulder, Potter piloted him into the smoke- brandy and soda and the evening paper, Jake room. In a trice cigars and steaming tumblers • lighted up on his own account, and, leaning back were before the twain. They toasted one in his seat, puffed his baffled breath in ghostly another, whilst Pete indulged in mysterious grey-blue rings towards the quaint black oak nods, smiles, and queer facial contortions. - Then rafters supporting the ceiling. he began: I Presently, grown tired of this, Potter took up "'ls ludship are a-goin' to be married—to a the folded newspaper with a suppressed sigh. He girl young enough to be 'is gran'child I The girl ' was not great at reading. His chief literary _wot do you think?—don't cotton to the old 'pabulum was drawn, as a rule, from the sporting cove, though. In fact, it's wot ye might call' a ' columns of the daily press, unless, indeed, some put-up job 'tween 'er uncle an' Bleekland. The thrilling tragedy or notorious scandal were afoot; girl's a great heiress in 'er own right, and she's - - and, as he knew only too well, legitimate sporting close on the point of coming Of age. So there's intelligence ran usually very stale, flat, and un- no time to naste, an' the wedding's to be nee profitable in a frost-bound January. week." In insupportable weariness of spirit, and tern. "Yes, yes, very interesting," interrupted porarily_ humbled by the rebuff he had received, Potter; "but I've something to tell ye, too." he was in the act of dropping the sheet to the floor when a curiously familiar word in large type " Well, but • 'awf ' Jake. The old waita mo arrested his attention. It formed portion of a - ssees down 'ore at 'er uncle's just a 30._ , , place, headline as follows :—" The Amerly Bank mile out, and it's my special business to keep an Frauds," eye on the young lady when she rides out. She's Eagerly Potter ran his eye over the item. It an obedient girl to 'er uncle is Miss Beatrice; was a brief announcement to the effect that grave but you never can be sure of 'em, and I'm 'ere fears existed that the defalcations in- the Amerly an' ereabouts keepin' my peepers skinned. You Bank would run to very much more than the twig? " original estimated amount of 210,000, as each ''l do, Pete. But I thought Bleekland had day's investigation brought to light additional gone broke? Last year's Derby cost him fifty unsuspected deficiencies. What added immeasur- 'thou'?" ably to the difficulties of the audit was the ab- " Right ; but there's fifty thou' a-year on this Bence of I Mr. Bertram Benson, the cashier, lay, though they say the uncle is standing in for a against whom a warrant had been out for a week 'am f share. Miss Beatrice, a pretty little donah, past, though as yet it remained unexecuted. It all cream and roses and golden hair, looks as was confidently anticipated, however, that an meek as a tabby cat on a parlour hearthrug. arrest would shortly be made, as the ports were But, as I says, you never can tell, an' I shan't being rigorously watched, whilst the police had be satisfied till I've seen 'er delivered to 'er but that day obtained what promised to prove an proper owner, labelled 'The Countess of Bleek- al-important clue. land.' You see—" There followed a brief description of the miss- "Of course, of course, Pete. But I was going ing cashier. He was tall, dark, gentlemanly to tell ye that " looking, of upright bearing, with regular fess "Wait 'awf a mo', Jake; wait 'awf a mo' !As tures, and small white hands, apparently be. I was a-sayin', you see, there's a man she's said tween twenty-five and thirty years of age. Such to 'ave a soft spot for—a Captain—Captain ' was the sum and substance of the rather colour- , "Oh, stow it, Pete! Tell me all about it to- less sketch in letterpress. ' morrow. I've got a splendid little game of my Jake Potter held his breath for a second and own on at this very minute. What do you say lifted his eyes. Then he dropped them, and re- to milking a mug of fifty guineas in less than five read the description of the palpable fugitive minutes? " . , from justice. It was a _ description that might "Good biz, Jake 1" , have easily embraced five thousand persons in "I call it just splendiferous! I've done it less our island; but, such ,as it was, it fitted- "Mr. than an hour ago, and that's only the preliminary John Smith, of London," the strangely silent canter." , man on the other side of the hearth, like a Pete opened his small, cunning red eyes to glove! their widest. " D'ye want a pal on the job?" he r "Excuse me," began the sportsman, without asked. -. ceremony; ,„" we haven't been introduced, but it " P'rap• I do, but Pa, guilig to sleep on it to- seems to me that I've met you before some- night. I'll tell you all about it in the morning. where." : Meanwhile, let us put business to bed. Drink up "Mn. John Smith, of London," started into an' ave another, and cough me up a few good an erect sitting posture, as though he had re- things straight from the horse's own mouth. calved an electric shock. Then he became in What about -Blue Gander for the Lincoln?" dignant. "What do you mean, fellow ? " he asked, haughtily glaring at the presumptuous Potter. "Maybe a , great deal, maybe nothing; but don't come the high and mighty. over me. I ciauld put a stopper on your game in two twos!" "What? " almost shrieked the stranger, rising to his full height, with a look of menace in his flashing black eyes, and drawing back his clenched fists. "Oh ! You're going to make a fight for it, Mr. Smith? Don't. I shouldn't. There's a poliCeman just outside the hotel entrance." 1 i "What do you mean to be at?" asked the stranger, in a more subdued utterance, dropping back into his chair. i "Now, that's what I call reasonable," said Potter. "I've just addressed you as Mr. Smith' but I might as well call you Mr. Conifer, or---" I "For heaven's sake, be quiet! Don't! Don't!" entreated the stranger, in a s hoarse whisper. "We shall be overheard." He sank back into his chair and pointed to the seat from which Potter had risen. " r.p...tai.nlv... qii..warit it to .he a..iriendLv deal.

Drnamented with two rows of enamelled buttons, zonneqted by heavy silken cords. From the V- shaped opening turned back a wide and much- shaped collar, the square ends of which were fastened down to the blouse by buttons and loops similar to those on the front. Over the shoulders came plain shaped pieces of the mate- rial, edged by a line of machining. The sleeves, af the three-quarter variety, were finished with little buttoned cuffs to match the collar. A dainty neckband and frilled front of ivory chiffon filled in the opening at the neck. ,

At nine-thirty on the following morning, Jako Potter, with the cruel consciousness of a thick and swelled head strong upon him, for Ifs meet- ing with Pete had led to very late hours and un- limited rums hot, turned over on his pillow, and reached for the boll rope. "Morning, Gibbings," he remarked, with con- descending familivity, as the " boots " intruded his white head. "Is Mr. Smith, of London—No. 15—up yet?"

I " 'e got hup two hours since." "Not skipped. has he?" ejaculated Potter, breathlessly, jumping out of bed and hurriedly commencing to dress,

"No, sir, responded Gibbings, struggling to keep a solemn face. 'E ain't likely to go in any great 'urry, not 'e." Ask him to step up here for a minute or two, if he will please oblige me." " Yessir." And Gibbings departed. Almost the next moment . there came the sound of quick footsteps. The bedroom door was flung open and the remorseless Potter's un- fortunate victim entered. He was fully and even fashionably dressed as though for some function.

"You want me?" began "Mr. Smith," brusquely. " Yes—to part with a very much bigger quantity of dust than you did last night," answered Potter, coolly, swinging his braces ovqr his shoulders and catching them in front. "If not, I'll--" But the threat was never uttered. "Smith" had him by the throat and hurled him back- ward on to the bed. "You reptile!" he hissed. "You haden't even the dirty honour of a thief! Those notes— quick!—where are they? I'll choke you like dog ! " His grip tightened ominously. Potter squirmed helpless for a second or two, the while his face grew red and swollen. He tried to cry out for help. But the effort was vain. So with quivering fingers he pointed to the pillow behind him. His assailant threw the pillow aside, and took up the fat pocket-book below it. Then, extracting the rustling flimsie% it contained, he flung the empty case contemptu- ously to the floor and strode out of the room, without a second glance at the wretched Potter. Slowly the half-strangled man pulled himself together, vowing fearful vengeance in terms of most appropriate blasphemy. auariar.r.p4 ts..» 1,7 loan he de,scenfied

- --- - mi le--4 ES 4. ,• .:.,- \ , / /' i • % \ \ \ \ /V4,,1 V: -1. .. \ '• I!. s . ~..., % - et..* 'MI \ i ;f::./. od '-'•-•' I.'' - i . /141: i .\ \ , \ i 3 ( i t It

===== 0002601_19080118_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S- REALM.

FOR EVENING WEAR.

Smart evening toilets' worn during the corning winter season will have no sleeves to boast of, jewelled lace straps or straps of beauti- ful embroideries taking their place. Floating sleeves of fine tulle often fall from these straps, outlining the arm, and so making an artistic effect. loth for day and evening wear skirts are much tighter and made to fit closely in front, while the chief trimming of these new princess skirts is a band of jewelled embroidery touching the hem. A NOVEL PARTY.

This is pre -eminently a children's winter. While those of a larger growth are grumbling at the general dulness and complaining of the scarcity of social entertainments, there is a per- fect boom in juvenile parties. The fact is, hostesses find it a much more thankful task to entertain the youngsters, who are obviously pleased, and frankly come to enjoy themselves; moreover, the guests are all glad to meet each other. I have an idea, writes "Ambrosia" in the World, that an entertainment for " grown- ups " planned on the lines of a juvenile party would prove a huge success. The guests should be kept in ignorance of the nature of the enter- tainment until they arrived, or they would spoil its character by assuming juvenility in advance. The plan would be to tell them nothing before- hand, and simply leave those who would not " play " to their own devices. I feel sure the hostess who would have the courage to do it would score a success.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
A SIMPLE BUT EFIrECTIVE GOWN.

Illustrated in our sketch is a simple but most effective gown, suitable for every-day afternoon wear. A very soft cashmere in an exquisite shade of bat's-wing grey is the material chosen for the realisation of this charming design, the only trimming being a narrow tarnished silver galon and a little pleated grey silk. The bodice is arranged in pinafore style, but is treated in rather an original fashion, the front being ar- ranged in a sort of plastron, which widens out over the shoulders. This plastron is trimmed

with the silver galon, arranged in a band placed about half an inch fcom the edge, which runs all round the pl:istron, and some tarnished silver buttons, and is bordered by a tight little pleating of the grey silk. The sleeves are simple three. quarter affairs, terminating in a braided and frilled cuff which matches the corsage. Inside the pinafore comes a veBt of tucked white net, the close-fitting under-sleeves being made of the same dainty material. he skirt is perfectly plain, cut very long, and slightly trainediat the 'back.

HOW T 4 KEEP YOUNG.

Someone once asked a Woman how it was she kept her youth so wonderfully. Her hair was snowy white, she wa6 eighty years old, and her enprgy was waning, but she never impressed one with the idea of age, for her heart was still young in sympathy and interests. And this was her answer: "I knew hqw to forget disagreeable things. I tried to master the art of saying pleasant things. I did not expect too much of my friends. I kept my nerves well in hand, and did not allow them to bore other people. I tried to find any work that came to hand congenial."

. , eRt-i ~.. A, ---;,;.,,,,,,,,,,,., • „.!.,,, A ' ._.,. fr-4,,....:= • ,= . - Iv'', ,7' ',' , V 'i 1 ' \ '' i l' I \ ' 41 11) ' ! i i \ I • 1 • 0 ,I 'li 1 '' \,,\ 111;1' lik:\ \\ \ I ,---:• of , I '''''', ,%,40‘ \ 1 e , , --46,.. - ~,,, p :„...:rk , \ ! \ . . ir----0 .

===== 0002601_19080118_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

COCOANIIT-RICE MOULDS.—HaIf an ounce of gelatine, three ounces of rice, two ounces of grated cocoanut, one and a-quarter pint of milk, two ounces of loaf sugar, one gill of cream. Put the gelatine into a stewpan with enough milk to cover it, and diEeolve it slowly over a mild heat. Boil the rest of the milk with the rice until quite tender, then add the sugar and the cocoanut, and strain in the dissolved gelatine. Whip the cream, and when the rice is cool mix lightly together. Have some small moulds masked with lemon jelly. rour tne rice mixture into the prepared moulds. Put a thin layer of jelly on the top of each, and put on the ice to eet. Turn out on to a dish and serve pith chopped itUz arranged round,

===== 0002601_19080118_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
to the ground floor and peered cautiously. into the coffee-roo.n. His foe was there, - with his face to the window, absorbed in the study of a timetable.

..... "Ha, ah ! " laughed Potter to himself. "Revenge is some satisfaction at any rate." Then he turned about. A tall, fresh-coloured, bearded individual was at his elbow. • "Mr. Potter?" said the man, touching the sportsman on the shoulder. " Yes? I'm Detective-inspector Doggert, of Amerly." "He's yonder ! " whfgpered Potter, fiercely and gleefully, pointing into the coffee-room. Stealthily. Inspector Doggert stole across the heavily-carpeted floor. • "One moment, sir," he said, quietly and re- spectfully, addressing the gentleman at the window.

• "Certainly," said "Mr. John Smith, of Lon- don," wheeling about with .military precision. • The detective's jaw dropped in blank astonish. inent and dismay. "Why, it's Captain Conifer, of her Majesty's Magenta Hussars, now stationed at Amerly!" he gasped, when he had at length recovered his breath Jake PottAr. stun aitur half-concealed h.. the tuuy hungtugb at uocur, tu:nea the hue of parchment, and fell limply against the wall. As he did so, a radiantly 'beautiful girl, of exqui- site figure and slightly over middle heignt, in a plain grey travelling costume, brushed swiftly sast the stricken man and flung herself into the arms of the mysterious guest Dodger's now revealed as Captain Conifer. . "Oh, Claude, Claude!" the lady sobbed, in tones of silvery terror. "Uncle's here—in the hall I "

"Leave him to me, my darling wife," said the Captain, kissing the girl, and placing her in an easy chair in a shadowed corner. Then he strode out to face the furious guardian. The prospect of the encounter troubled him nothing now. Spew:Mass, Jiezze Potter watched the meeting of the two men. There was nothing to be seen. They walked away together into an inner roera en the left, from which apartment there p.-e- -gently issued the sounds of loud and angry voices. But the tenor of the intemperate talk was wholly indistinguishable, and Potter, fearful of collapsing., staggered across the hall into thzt keen open am. Lord Bleekland's head-groom, Pete, was at the door, holding a couple of saddle horses, that had evidently been furiously ridden. , "Here's a blank of a go!" whispered Pete, 'hoarsely, beckoning his friend to approach. "It's come off crabs after all! Sly Miss Beatrice, the innocent milk-lapper, has slipped through our fingers at the finish! She was married to that cursed Captain Conifer I was going to tell you about, at eight this mornin', at you church up the street. It seems the Captain came in last night and put up at Bodger's—under our very noses! W'y, if you an' me 'ad on'y known, it ud been as good as a clear 'underd in both our pockets! Did ye. ever 'ear o' sich devil's luck? Jake, Jake, Jake! There ain't never no sich thins in the world as good fortin for O&M, Itratght, honest men like we!" ENDi

===== 0002601_19080118_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Colborne-street Baptist Church. Dr. J. G. Marshallol.A., principal of the Baptist College, Manchester, was the preacher at this place of worship on Sunday, and delivered two eloquent and powerful , sermons. In the afternoon Mr. Marshall distributed the prizes to the Bible class and in his address gave some valuable advice. The collectirs were in aid of Baptist College fund. There were good congregations throughout the day.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
St. James', Latchford.

The Vicar, writing in "St. James' Latchford, Parish Magazine," says : Since writing my last letter to this Magazine I have offered the second curacy to Mr. E. M. Swift, of the Royal University of Ireland. It is not probable that Mr. Swift will be ordained deacon until June or even September, and so some time must elapse before we can hope to have him a member of our clerical staff, but I have every reason to believe that when he comes we shall find him of great help."

===== 0002601_19080118_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
St Peter's Church.

The members of the Mothers' Meeting in connection with this Church held their annual tea party on Monday evening. The mothers and friends assembled to the number of 125, and an excellent tea was provided for them, followed by an enjoyable entertainment. At the close of the gathering over a hundred useful garments were distribuied by Mrs. Percival. They had been kindly given by Lady Greenall, Miss Comber and the Warrington and South Lancashire Needlework Guild. Oa Tuesday evening the Young Women's Bible Class tea and conversazione were held. The following ladies and gentlemen acted as entertainers :—The Misses M. Brundrett, Forshaw, Dollie Percival, Louie Bennie, Mr. Morris, and Masters Jack Greaves and Young. The accompanists were Mr. F. Webster and Mrs. Greaves. Speeches were delivered by the Vicar,the Churcl warden, Mr. Wrattislaw and Captain Lund.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Free Church Council—Week of Prayer.

The meetings for the week of prayer as arranged by the National Free Church Council were brought to a close locally on Saturday evening last when the gathering took place at the independent Methodist Chapel, Friars Green. Mr. Wynne Jones presided, (in the absence through illness of the Rev. F. Vaughan) and in expressing the sympathy of the meet- ing with lkfr. Vaughan in his affliction hoped that he would soon he restored to health. The Rev. JoriN YONGE afterwards addressed the meeting, and spoke of the importance of greater concentration of effort in the work of the Free Churches of Warrington as well as an increase of spirituality with individual members. On Sunday the annual interchange of prlpits took place, and the services at the different churches were characterized by great heartiness. After the church services a united communion service was held in the Wycliffe Congregational Church. The Rev. John Yonge presided over a good congregation, and said they had met together in the name of Christ, in mutual love and confidence in one another. He hoped the Free Churches would have a happy New Year in united ser- vice for Christ. The Rev. T. Itlellor gave the com- munion address. He said that in a service like that they should remember that they were not there to ; merely partake of the bread and wine, but to realize the significance of those elements. Spiritual things ! must be spiritually discerned, and the great lesson of such a feast as that was that they should recognise the spiritual significance of the bread and wine which !stood for the body and blood of Christ. A collection , was taken to defray expenses.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSFIELD'S DRAMATIC SOCIETY.

This Society continues to make encouraging progress, and the members are to he congratulated upon the success of the opening annual performances wbich took place in the works dining hall on Thursday evening. There was a large audimma, nun the entertainment gave vCly manifest pleasure. Variety was the keynote of the programme, no fewer than three short plays being presented. The first was the comedy "My Preserver,' in which Mr. F. B. Gartland as Enoch Mailable, Esq., an old bachelor took first honours. Miss L. Cank also acted very naturally as Dolly, a country girl, and Mr. G. B. Dean was highly entertaining as Bilberry, a plough boy. The other parts were well sustained by the following :—William Bury (a pro- fessional " contributor ") Mr. S. F. Welsby ; Dr. Pals- ford (a medical man and friend of Mailable) Mr. T. Lawton ; Philip (Mallable's footman), Mr. H. Flood ; Estelle Fitzwater (Niallable's ward)' Miss E. Wright ; Mary Walker (her maid), Miss S. Derbyshire ; Mrs. Banter (a widow), Miss A. Kinsey ; Miss Banter (her daughter), Miss A. Rowe. This play was followed by another comedy" Anything for a change" which proved immensely popular. Miss L. Hewitt, as Margaret Honeyball, acted well and delighted all with her sweet singing. Mr. W. Tynan and Mr. G. B. Dean did excellently in the roles of Paul Honeyball and Mr. Swoppington. The other characters were credit- ably taken by :—Jeremy Census (registrar of births, deaths, tto.), Mr. J. Morris ; Mrs. Honeyball (wife of Paul), Miss Rigby; Eliza (servant to Mrs. Honeyball), ' Miss A. Rowe ; The entertainment concluded with the farce "Cherry bounce," and the ridiculous complications created by the pranks of the diligent servant created laughter loud and long. Mr. F. E. Gartland was a capital Mr. Oldrents and Mr. H. Flood rose to the occasion as Gregory Homespun his much-abused man. Miss L. Cank acquitted herself admirably as Mrs. Thompson. The remainder of the cast was as follows :--Gammon (a farmer and tenant of .Mr. Oldrents), Mr. J. Morris ; Spinage (a farmer and tenant of Mr. Oldrents), Mr. NV. 11. Tomkinson ; Doctor's boy, Mr. H. Griffiths. The works orchestra was in attendance and added much to the evening's enjoyment with the selections "A conntry girl " (Monckton), "La Glpsy kfaznrka " (Gonne), 'Wee Macreegor "Scotch Patrol (Arno.* and" El Capstan" mach (Sousa). Great praise is due to Mr. F. J. Lord who engineered the performances and ably conduoted the orchestra.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PILES AND FISTULA.

SATE AND SPEEDY HOME CURE WITHOUT OPERATION FREE TO SUFFERERS FOR 30 DAYS ONLY.

Just Published. An Illustrated Treatise by W. H. Veno, F.S.So. (Loud.), explaining in detail the home treatment of all forms of riles and kindred troubles, showing how these dangerous afflictions may be easily and speedily cured, thus obviating any necessity for an operation. For thirty days only this instructive book will be sent free to all sufferers, and applications should be made at once to W. H. VENO, Dept. (P. SOS), Cedar- street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH SOLDIER INVALIDED HOME

Suffered Torments with Skin Disease Contracted in India—Was Covered with Large Sores—Life in India Affected Liver—Found No Relief in Several Hospitals but

===== 0002601_19080118_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA REMEDIES BROUGHT HIM HEALTH

"While I was stationed at Bellary, In India, with my regiment from 1696 to 1901, I contracted "malarial ca- chexia," which brought on a compli- cation of diseases. I suffered frequently with ague and my chest and back be- came covered with large sores and pim- ples, my face was also disfigured with these sores or ulcers. My blood be- came very poor. I was admitted into hospital, but the treatment I received did not seem to give me any relief, as I became very emaciated and weak. I lost my appetite, had no energy for anything, and my weakness was dreadful. Early in 1901 I was invalided to Eng- land for a change. On arrival I was sent to several hospitals, but still no signs of recovery. After some months of treatment I was finally invalided out of the service as medically unfit through my sickness. I then thought I would try the Cuti- cura Remedies, chiefly on the recom- mendation of my wife, who had great faith in them, having used the same in India for roughness of the face, red pimples, and blackheads. After I had used four sets, which included Cuti- cura Soap, Cuticura Ointment, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills, I began to see and feel a great improvement, I was less languid, my appetite improved, I felt stronger, and the sores and pimples began to disappear. I continued to use thelreatment for about nine months. Finally I was quite a different ma", I lost the yellow tinge my skin hao, the sores and pimples quite disappeared, and I became strong again and able tt+ go to business daily, which I havla . done ever since. I thoroughly recom- mend Cuticura Remedies for humours of the blood and affections of the skin Thomas Reader, late Sergeant in a British Infantry Regiment, 143 Tottordown St., Tooting, S. NV., Aug. 2, 1906."

Complete External and Internal Treatmen. for Every Humour of Infants. Children. and Aaulte consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin, Cwt. curs Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cutleura Re. Solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout thc world. Depots: London. 27 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de la Palk: Australia. R. Towns & Co, Sydney; Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. gdp•Poat-free. Cutlrura Book on Skin Diseases.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. TIIE RA PION is s uccessfu po- pular remedy, used in continental Hos: iitalsby Ricord. Rostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed toe impurityofblood,spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofjoints, kidney,bladder g: urinary diseases, stricture, dischattes, piles, gravel, painsin back, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, Etc. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &8, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars 14. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The i.e Clerc Medicine Co, Traver- .roek Road.flampstead, London,& principal Chemists.

cofCrrie LIRE ~..ctssu!sENAcic OLD

Bottles 71d. 1/I}. and 2 9.

A. slight cold To-i.,AY. if given full gwity,

Send Id. stamp for Pree

'lcer;Siii-trus S SSrlous.sero-pleint nue Mean. So •do not delay but sure it To-day, . .

By taking a dose" of Licoricine. MANDALL CO., LTD., Dept. A.A• STOCR2O/0...-Tll..

Sample.

"In the organism of man as in that of all the highest., animals, the materials for the nutritlni of every portion o' the structure are supplied by the Wool. If the blood 19 deseased the body ts diseased." Clarke's World—famed Blood Mixture 1.. guaranteed cure for Blood arid Skin DiEleasel and Is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and wits free the system from all Impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Scores of all kinds. its effects are marvellous. Thousands 0 7estimontals. Bold everywhere at 21. Id per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and subatitutes.—Advt 7.

UL tZKIVS 841 PILLS are warranted to cure. In eitti•• sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Proe from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. fl. each, of all chemist. and Patent Medicine Vendors throuttt • on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lloroln.- Advt.

To MOTHFRS —Mr. Vl/17,SLOW'S Soothing Syrup his been used for over fifty years by runtime f mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It wii relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright se a button of all Chemists Is. 10. —Advt.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

I

I

.... I DODD'S (, a IP% *I Riiionc.i, -. .... II II II 1, r 1 L1L.4?...AS , K. s. bk ItiDNEY.CY--. ..., .., d lieul" ' iri.sr• z,r• Cr 0, , NIA -;z1/ Gi II T'SAD I SaCP,CsKI:ACe I "AB ET E S - 1:,c01C401-'' 4/ 1 -.1, ` THE Doinslfrogt, . 23, FAR RI '' hiptil•-• LOND'' __ 14 , k xi I the only real*" - wealth—a wealth that cannot be bought. But , you can attain health . surely and certainly by taking the right road— ' the road that thousands - have used and proved. DR.S coifs PILLS .. have proved their value to health in the , case of thousands because they have : been uniformly successful in toning, strengthening, and helping. the Liver, Stomach, and Blood to heathy action, ' thus laying the soundest foundations o.f Natural and Vigorous Bodily Health. In boxes, iii, rfo. Free Sample Bax on receipt of id. stamp for postage. iirm,:ri as THIS PAPER. ' Vi. Lambert, 258, Easton Rd., London - k ...,:;;.„......A. ~ .: ,Ilibh.. 1 ' i*, .: A - -itAN: .9". -e'--S` '' . ---41;" ".-; ' 4;"''' "t% /-.i7:-.1 .•:xis, .., ' . . . , . _ _.„.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE A GRE AT REFUTATION FOR STRIKING POSTERS

; eg ;44

===== 0002601_19080118_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
4

the eramtntr Otrtes 01, WBBIC-BND NIIWSPAPBBS COHPRISHS s Tus WARRINGTON a MID-CHRSHIRB BICAMINBR. 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, so., being ne of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lance- hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance,- hire and Kid-Cheshire. milli RUNCORN BILAMINIIII, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper In the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to

Advertisers. WIDNES EXAMINEE published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a Plilv ;rowing centre of industry. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1 published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydook, Lawton, &a. The district thus mpris d s s a st i np3rt,,,lc part of the Lencashire coal -

de. 911111 ST. HELENS EXANIISER, published every -1. eaturday morning, circulating In St. Helens. Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Pessley Cross. !so --the centre of the Gloss. Crberatza and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. PATCHES Ti WANTED., HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. H USES TO BOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One •riiree Rix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks, Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 64. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9. 27 ... Os. 91. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 38 ... ls. na. ... 2s. firl. ... 41. Od. ... Os. Cd. 45 ... Is. 34. ... 3s. Id. ... ss, Ocl. L. Is. Od. 64 ... Is. 84. ... be, Ed. L. 61. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
nenteqtit Otrhant4, ett.

WANTRT) SIiTtVA.NT WOMAP.—Apply Mire. T. CAUNCE, Fanner, Mosa-lftne, T.athom.

_ WANTED at once good GnEIRRAL SHRVANT.—AppIy Mrs. I-FALL, The Bank, Atherton.

E WANTEr. Rood GENLIT, SERVANT; no washing.- 17. MARKET BT, Leizb, Lance.

SAT ANT 11 n good Ggnrclutt 9RRVANT.—Mre. YATES, V V Stamford New M.. Alt-focham.

WI) APIT vounz GEINERIL ; 'mother kepf.—Apply 20. CREPCSNT RD., Birkriale, Southport.

WANTED, etron¢ 13 ITC HRNMAT 17:1 able to wash.— &only, LARK REST, St. Helene rt.. Lelgb.

WANTED GENERAL, for kitchen, and to eaglet in the bar.—Apoly Onnrem.ows' Acme, Earlestown•

_ WANTED immediately GE NICEAL gERVANT.—AppIy Mn. HYDF, Dank Home, Mossley, 'Manchester.

WANTHD. GRNBRAL ; refereaces ; small wash; two only.-9, POPLAR RD., Montnn,Hccles,nea• Manchester.

WANTHD, at once KITC4I3N-MAID, tall: ittrong ; able to coo': a little.-Apply Meraolf,liudflerefield Infirmary.

WANTRT), good GRABRAL ; mn.t bave been out before. —P AWYRR, 25, Peterborough rd. Wavertree,Liverpool.

WANT BD GIIINBRAL, 17 or 18 years, to five in.— Apply, HARR AND HOUND.), Mottram rd., Stalybridge.

WANTED, Young GIRL, about 15 years of age. to help wlth general housework.—Apply 221, BRUNSWICK ST.. Nelson.

WANTED gooi GENERAL about 17 or 18 years of age.— Apply Mrs. TINLINE, Hope Baak, Greenmount, near Bury.

WANTED competent LA.UNDRES3, for family; house and salary.—Mrs, RonswaLL-JaexsoN, Moorfield, Bolton.

ANANTED, experienced G&NBRAL. at once ; three children; no wain:qr.-8, Wool:mem) DBLVE. New Brighton.

W&MAID uNNISnAL, gcol. honest, ,nd trustworthy; no washing.-111ra. ItiwlFT, Packet House Hotel. IlharEcougb.

WANTRD. geed GIifIKRAL. 4 in family; all dules ; assistance glyen.—APPlYs 24, VILLIERS ST., Ashton- unde—Lyne.

ANTED good GENERAL SERVANT ; mint have good VV reference.—Apply A. E. bTocE, Grocer, 29, Mount at., Rochdale.

WANTED GENERAL, capable ; no other servant kept; house small ; family three.—Letters only, MOOSE, Readers Bt., Liverpool.

WANTED, COOK-Tie i`f SR ; wages £l9. Write, stating aye and references, to Mrs. DI.ABDEN, 151, Drake at., Rochdale.

--- WAISTED, GENWRAL for January 24th. State age, experience. Give reterence.—tirs. EoWERBUTTB, 3, Hazel rd., Altrincham.

"W ANTED, strong GENERA L ; good home and wages to a suitable person; four in family. —Apply by letter 45, OLD HALL RD., Bale.

WANTED, experienced GENERAL for farmtnuse. Apply, Mra.limaTLEY,Bonnty Farm,Crawford Village, Upholland, near Wigan.

WANTED, respectable Girl as GENERAL ; comfortabl home ; references.— TOWNSEND, 13, Darlington terrace' Cheatham Hill, Manchester.

TATANTBD Immediately respectable Girl as GEDIHRAL ; no washing ; refereuces reqnired.—Address 33, CHAMBBES BD., liouthport.

NVAHTBD COOK-GRNBRAL ; four in family, another maid kept. Good waaes.—Apply CaTAN, Brentwood, Penkett rd., Liscard, Cheshire.

NIVANTED good GIifiURAL, With knowledge of cooking. as kitobenineid. Age 18-23.—Address BONIAHLLL. Prestbury, near Macclesfield.

NA7 ANTED, superior COOK-GRNBRAL. Four in family; two other maid& kept. Some washing.—Mra.BLenus, Healey Grove, Burnley, Lane.

ANTBD, young GANBRA.L, about 18 ; strong ; little washing ; another maid kept; references requited. Apply 28, SAUNDERS BT,, Southport.

WANTED Superior GENERAL, for West Kirby ; Protes- tant ; wages £23 ; small family ; eomfQrtable home.— Miss COLE, 3:9, Stinley-rd , Liverpool.

WAISTBD smart HOWSHMAID-WAITRBSS, at once ; permanent position to suitable applicant; also good General.—Apply, PzirceoN, Clifton-square, Lytham.

IaTANTAID WARDMAID, also Between-Meld, strong TY well-recommended ; wages £l6 ; uniform—Apply (stamped envelope), MATSON, Isolation Haspßai, Prestos.

WANTED COOK-GENERAL and Housercald-Waltres—a early In February, for a family of three ; no children. Acply Mrs. WALKER, 9. Burlington rd., Blrkdale, Southport.

WANTED HOUSEMAID) INAITRBaS not under 25 : • Church of England preferred.—Address (or apply) Mn. A. RAILTON, Backside. Macclesfield rd., Alderley Edge.

II EQUIRHD,en experienced PLAIN COOK; for gentleman' family ; age 35 to 40 ; kitchen-maid kept good refer- ences easentinl.—Apply, with full pertloulare, to RATONAQH. Colwyn Bey.

NVANTRD good and plain COOK',Waltresses, Housemaid Waitresses, Housemaids, Kitchen, between, and Parlour maid'. Superior Generals.—Mrs. Ite,We. Se loot Registry, Kusholme, Manchester.

MRS. PRRSTON, Progressive Servants' Agenny. 44, CHABLEC.B ST., Blackpool. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants Servants with reference., for Hotels, Boarding and Private Honses ; good wages; enclose stamp. Telephone 0637.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
go in tn.

PHINKATIL—COTTAGBEI. 2s. 84. and 2a. 64. per week. MILL STS, EST, OPPlCBS,grousid floor. Also upper To, me. 53 and 65. WASH LANI 3. good houses. with four bedrooms. reduced rent, 6s. 6d. per week clear. 36, GHISIMAL STtiltliT, rent Is. 3d. 60, 0110RLAY BTREBT, rent I. 6d. Apply ROBERT LowE, Rotate Agent,flo. 1 Bank-street; War rlngton. Telephone—NO 56. TO

LliT 17, FOLLY LAN.—Apply WOODS d Sod Solicitors. Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

IVO LET.—Two geod HOUSES. Ellesmere rd., and Stafford _1 Villas, £22 10i. and £2l.—Apply, 106, WILDERSPOOL RD T°

LBT.—Good House, Derby it. ; rent 45. 6d.—Apply WOODII & SON'. Soilttor Horeemarket st., Werrirteon.

OFFICB TO LET.—Central weition. Victoria Chambers, Heath et., Crewe.—Apply G. Timme, 200, Market et., Crewe.

HSTABLISHICII 1833.

Mrs. 11. HOS. CLAM, STATIONIM AND NIMSAGIBIST, "lIXAMINBR" 0171011. 33 IKARICHT EITELBET. HARLBSTOWfi. VANOI STATIONERY SUITABLB FOR PRIMINTS.

flottls, fvfirog, Moarbtnq 05tabs3.

DAMS HY HYDRO, ISLE OF MAN,— (-lest winter 11 residence ; extensive grounds, golf, billiards ; brine and other baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

apartment% jurnisbeb Ilona% Sct

SOUT H PORT. —Comfortable—APAßT MINTS, publie or private ; good sea view ; terms reasonable. —Mrs. FLETCHER, 1, Victoria et., Promenide.

I sATAL VIRGINAL," Hongaerde, near Brussels, large V commodioas building, healthy situation magnificent grounds, solii modern education, munic, painting, terms 21 gns. ; references required. Kindly mention paper.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
eoutation.

ALVEHIN.— ORCHARD LODGH, AND WHiT MBA]) .I..UL SCHOOL FOR DlRL9.—Faciug the hills, •zomplete education at moderate fees.—Principal, Mrs GARNER

HIGHFIKLU COLIAIGH, BlSPHELM.—Boarding School for Girls. Facing sea ; bracing air. Thorough educa- tion. Physical Training. Inclusive terms. Plincipals, the Misses IRELAND.

1/0r5t5.1300, Etbe *talk &r.

CURT MAR% BOX CART ond GRAM for Sale, or laJ exchange for good Lurry or Furniture Van.-69, ECCLE9 NEW RD., Weaate. edaucheeter.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Z.Mantai.

11 ONBY easily earned in spare time.—Partieulars, apply ROSE," 14, Gloucester Place, Brighton.

BOTTLICS WANTBD. —Spot otsh.—EXPORT TRLDING CO- -13, Canal rd., Kingsland rd., London.

A GENTS Wanted for Live Stock and In-foal Mare Intur- -11. ance.—MANAGen, Midgate Chambers, Peterboro'.

WANTED.—Wholesale Sunday Paper Agency. State trade. Lowest for cash.— 23, ALLEN'S RD„ Southsea.

IVOTICH TO CONTRACTORS AND CARTHRS.—GOOD 11 CINDHRS may be had at the lixemumit " OPFICE. 3d. per load given.

WANTED, reliable AGENTS for quick selling articles. Liberal commission.—lLYL-FYRE LTD, Elms Bulld- ogs, Eastbourne. _

QMART Ain/in required to sell useful, (Mean novelty L J 30s. to SCI. weekly easily earned. —HIRSCHFELD Zt Co., 111, Finsbury Pavement, London.

DIINTHRE3, PLUMBILICS, ke., seeking work in Canads or Africa write, encloring stamp for reply, Hos 3, "Gayfteldr," 41, Oxford it., Manchester.

10/ DAlLY.—Sptendid paying agency offered to sell our / latest articles ; millions selling ; send for particu- lars —lame, Witton rd., Aston. Birmingham.

WANTED SITUATION as GARDENER, single-banded or otherwise ; age 33 ; single • ten yetrs het place.— SHEPHERD, Pine Villas, Kirby Musloe, Leicester.

WANTBD BUYING AGfiNTS, new invention, Water- proofs any garment, liberal terms, good living made, shops speoialiV.--J. Truism' vo., so, Ynrk Place, Lesds,

3 r lANOS ON SALE RETURNED FROM HIRE. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case, by Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case. by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by William Sames, INTRNDISO BUYERS BROULD NOT SIMS TRESS BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTED BY SELVES AND MAKERS. NOTE ADMEN :—i WADSWORTH'S, 59, SAMMY ST, WARRINGTON.

ititOellantoug, an 'alt, etc.

fIOOD MANURR, 25. 9d. per ton on rails.—Apply J. lil FREE MAY. 356, Lees rd., Oldham.

rn PBR CHNT Interest on small investment, risk; 'temp.—Rooms, 62, Mid Abbey at., Dubliu.

QUOCHISSFUL LIAIHRICK last lines. 2, bd. ; 4. 9d.— Ito3flroßD LIMMEIIB, 664, Itomford rd.. If slex.

A STROLOGY.—Future events, 7d. Send birth date.— PasrToir, 12 Carter rd., New Wortley. Leeds.

LsWHER.—Partieulars free. Send stamped address to SCRIBE, 30, tdaskell rd., Liverpool.

A BTRACHAN Caracul ties 54 long. Chenille tassels, 6,. la LANGWORTHY, 18. Adelaide rd., London, N.W.

TTEEP YOUR FEET DRY, rubber soles, only le. Ed.- 11 BIOWN, 40, Grosvenor it., C-on-M., Manchester.

HOW TO SOLVB LIMBSIOKS. 3 stampa.—Ltuzawoe 47. Clifton Park Avenue, Baynes Park, London.

ql3CPEWRITING.—fanthore M. 8:13.,15. 1.00), with copy 1_ la. 24.--froaTazna Co., 73, Fox lane, Palmeri Green.

rt !O VA lir PRIZES MISDAL PIANOS popular prices 1,1 catalogues Iree.—OiszsewELL, High et., Wandswor th

131:11IND " Picture Post Cards, 12 different eountle _11.4 post free 64.— EDWARDS, Publisher. t3aliebury, Wilts

STARTLIN 0 1113 14.—Gent's Keyless Watehes.Warranted U 3s. Bd. Poet free.—DEneox, 40 Skowe et., Nottln2lawm.

COX'S Famous Air-gun Pellets bold all ettampionehipe, first In 1902, foremost ever since.-137a GUILDFORD ST. Lozelle, Birmingham.

PHOTOGRAPHS copied, 2e. Bd. per dozen. Bend stamps for specimens.—Menx H. MITCHELL t Co., Photo. gra/Arno, Harrogate.

BANKRUPT Jeweller has Large Stock to Sell Privatelr. Samples 12 stamps for postage.—T., 38, Mist Dulwich rd., London, S.N.

IDEIOTHOT TOUR SKIN from wintry winds by using Lamberts Winter Healer, sample bottle 93. free.— LANIBMIT & CO , lledratb.

BMTNGTON TYPIIWRITHR.perteet order and condition, It offer over 25 accepted.—PaMßEßTON, Surveyor, 4, Albert square, Manchester.

T IMBRICKS:.-14y Lucky Last Lines won £55, £3B, and 1.4 many £lO, £l5, &e. (proots).-sen3 6d., ANDEasoiee, 54 Przed st., Paddington.

IJIUBBIIIt STAMPS and TYPII from le., also In many I.la, novelties. Illustrated price list post tree.—B. DUBDLE, 106, Leghorn rd., liarleeden.

SOUTH AFRICAN SHOOTING GLOVES, quite new, pure wool, any size, post free 12 stamps.—H. J. 1aA.13 iON , Government Contractor, Rye.

INTOTTINGNANI LA,CH CURTAINS. Cleaned. Dyed and Dressed, from 7d. per pate; frilled curtains, 10d. per pain—Savers. island at., Nottingham.

TYCMISTS, use the Lightning' pump connections. No V leaky or brokentubing. Perfect novelty ; 6 stamps-_ NOVELTY DEPT., Cycle Works, Hintbury, Berke.

48. ID. TAILOR-MADB Skirts in Black and Navy. Latest Cut and good finish. Made to measure —Rim, 23 Rathbone Place, Oxford at., London, W.

WZ AAR GOODS (Spacial). Id. and 60. Greatest variety and value In the trade. —SALMON & MATTHEWMAN, Ltd., Plough Buildings, Gloucester st., 131rminghtm.

ELECTRIC! 61. seat Pocket apperatus nickelled mounts, press button, bright light, mcrvellou value.— Daztie, Hytne rd., Willesden Junction, S.W.

ItISG CLIPS,—Is your ring too large or rides" ronud ? IJse a Ring-Clip, solid gold, any width, le. 6d. post free.—ALsiow SNELL & dows, Jeweller+, Acton, London.

1010LATINUM, any kind bought; prompt payment.— COLLIICGRIDOII FROS., 60 and 62, Clierkenwell rd., London. Established 1801. Banker*. London and County.

()UR 108.6 d. lel-carst Gold Fount dna Pens with Filler 25.6 d post free. Musical Brsss Timepieces. 12s. 6d. post tree. Agents wanted.—DAEß, 9, Hemclean Hill Oaversbarn.

HORTON'S ORIGINAL BENEDICT PILLS FOR FRIKA.LIAS.

- --- In a few days correct all Irregularities and remove all obstruction.' ; also cure Atiminia, and cause no Injury; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. Id. or 2s. 9d., from G. D. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying in Hospital). Dept. 65 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Bold over 40 vears,SUPPLIBD DIBBOT ONLY. SBLDOM IlVlift FAIL. All Ladles should send for a free sample of Improved Sanitary Towel. and haterestiall booklet poet free.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!MP

===== 0002601_19080118_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ioluSecS anb it anb on 'ate.

motor eat% epet, (garriagesse etc

MICNERAL CARRIAGES on Sale or Hire, equal new: low .1.. prices; easy terms ; Hearses from £25; Washington Cars, Coaches, Hansoms. Landaus. Char-a-bancs ; great stook. Catalogues.—BLigsrox, 24, Bradford at., Birmingham.

Voultrp, ings, ett.

NTOTICH TO POULTRY-KISHPHRS.—freah (daily) cut 11 green bone, 81bs. le. ; 12a. 6d. cwt.—Horma, 81. (Irene rd., Raelingden.

STOOK BIRDS.-2 pure bred Buff Orpington Cooke, 18 monthe, good colour, also 2 pure-bred fleck Orpington Oockerels,all Cooke stral a —WALTER PamOaton,Lanoester,

Vartnersbips, Sugtnetios.

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business 1,--1( somonsult Mr. COWDELL, Business Agent. Legh et.. Warrington,

r'iN S&LS, CHIP SHOP, well-fitted, cheap to immediate purchaeer.—Apply THOMAS HOWARD. 6, Caroline at., Wigan

Bu" NESS WANTED (for man with small income) price £2O to £3o.—Full particulars OciwnELL, Business Agent, 31, Legh it., Warrington.

CIOUNDRY and BLACKSMITH'S SHOP in North-end.— I: Prembies and bueineßs to be Sold—Apply to W. and J. VEN3I3BE, SOO. Scotland rd., Liverpool.

COLWYN BAY.—Fine MILK BUSINESS Retailing 50 Gallons Daily In Winter; 100 In summer. Everything £l9s.—Comm BROS., Mope it.., Liverpool.

lIIQUSINESS.-1110.class Jobnaaster's and Livery Stables, wealthy seaside resort, all at £7OO. Genuine bargain. —Full particulars, 45. WELLVIGTON RD., Portslade.

MILK BUSINHSS.—CapItaI little place, Cheshire ; low rent ; retailing 215 Gallons weekly; good turnout; everything £lss.—CoogE linos., Hope it., L;verpool.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
fflarnmerv, ttr.

Orbital

FlTS.—Sufferera give It a trill, 25. 3cl. tree, genuine.— PATIS, 236, High Holborn, W.C.

pILIN.—Send In. for my Indian P 1 le Remedy.--STRANGE 31 HYDis (1-11ov ic, Ardwick. Manchester.

IaAIR, positive grower, cleanses scalp, restores colour, 93. box.—GRIPPITHS, 9, Clowlett rd., D. Dulwich.

XTBUNALGI cured by taking our Neuralgia Mixture, 2a. 11 a bottle, post free.—Axxuse, Chemist, Salisbury.

f -WRNS COMPLESTRLY OUILHD.—Simple remelv. Send I..—`l,l•Any NICAUSI33 Co.,' 13 Frankfort f,t , Plymouth.

TrIDNEY COMPLAINT. Send Id. stamp for ismole box IV or pills ; grand remedy.—J. O. HIND, 387, Berridge rd., Nottingham.

T AoToWINB. The great remedy for the weak and ailing, 1.4 le. Bd. per bottle poet free from makers. --LACTOWINE Co., Falkland. Bath

I-

===== 0002601_19080118_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Otatrimonp

lATNIIINIOI9I4.L PO 3T an FA.3 ,410N&BIA3 "NI I.ticT ADVERTIoI3II.--134t.blished half is century; 16.0)0 marriages arranged. Larger than all the MatrirttOnial Agencies in the world oonabined. Sealed envelope 5. with iairoular 9d.—HDITon (HcOrn• B. W.) 9 to 14 Trafallor Buildings, Northumberland (I.Venue, London,W.O. Distance mmaterial.

There are abundant signs THE COMING of the approaching session SESSION. of Parliament, the course of which may be predicted with more than the usual certainty. The Govern_ ment, it seems clear, will not encumber itself with ' a large number of bills. There will be three measures of the first importance, dealing with Education, Licensing, and Old-Age Pensions. Mr. Asounu is a man of stout heart, and he may be depended upon to face the financial situation with spirit and confidence ; but he is not a Chancellor of the Exchequer whom any reasonable person will envy. After tending steadily upwards for a long time past, the revenue is again on the decline, not even the astounding Limerick craze having made up for the diminished frequency of the deaths of millionaires, though th 3 Post Office is the only one of the Departments which will be able to show a profit in excess of expectations. On the one hand Mr. AsQuITH has to provide Old-Age Pensions, and on the other he has to look forward to a probable increase in the demands of the Navy. We were never, as Sir JOHN Fteuxx has assured us, in such a state of naval preparedness as at present, and yet we are obviously on the threshold of a panic, with Mr. STEAD endeavouring to repeat his former success- ful naval scare and an Opposition willing and ready to make use of this o-.• any other weapon to damage the Government. A safe policy for the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER in this respect might be based on the old saying that enough is as good as a feast. Is Sir JOHN FIsHER'S statement to be abso- lately relied upon ? In that case we are safe against all possible attack, and we do not require to be more than safe. But should the shipbuilding of Germany, or any other country, threaten or endanger our security, then we must be prepared to submit to whatever financial burden may be laid upon us as a means of maintaining our superiority at sea. RICHARD COBDEN, who is now so often scornfully mentioned by thus who know little about him, was as eager an advocate of a strong Navy as Lord CHARLES BERESFORD would be if he were now in Parliament, or as Mr., CARLYON BELLAIRS actually is. He would, as he said, be willing to vote money in any quantity necessary for the protection of the country and its commerce. We take it that in this matter we are all of the same mind; but we need not, therefore, lose our heads because the GERMAN Kamm has set his mind on the construction of a powerful navy. It would be years before Germany could come up to our own level, even if we did next to nothing ; and in making calculation on the two- Power basis we have to consider how very far Russia still is from the position which she occupied before the war with Japan.

Evidently, Mr. ASQUITH has not been listening to those who assure him that Old-age Pensi3ns must come solely out of incomes and the taxation of land. All classes are to contribute,which means that we must not look for any immediate lessen- ing of the burden of indirect taxation, or possibly, though not probably, that we shall have to submit to an increase. The Education Bill is to be short, simple, and drastic. Mr. Asuna's particular I mention of it suggests that this, also, may be a measure based on finance, in which case, however it may excite the anger, it will not be at the mercy of the House of Lords. On more than one occasion the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER has hintel that the Licensing Bill, of which he is himself to take charge, will contain provisions for dealing with those clubs which are not really clubs, but drinking dens. On what line will he proceed? In all probability he will confine him- self to interference with the proprietary clubs. Should that be so, he will have a strong force of 'public opinion on his side.

The contest for the repre- MR. MAGINN'S sentation of St. Austin's CANDIDATURE. Ward is proving a very keen one. Mr. Maginn is endeavouring to win the seat as an Independent, and we hope every elector who desires a represen- tative who will speak wit 4 his own voice and act on his own responsibility will plump for Mr. Maginn. There are more then enough party nominees in the Council already whose main duty seems to be—as Mr. Maginn puts it—to keep the draught off their political superiors. Judging hy the way Mr. Broadhurst, the Conservative candi- date, is being actively supported by the big wigs of the Tory party some such devoted personal service will be expected of him in the future. We wonder if it e) ccur a to the:electors to consider whether men like Sir Gilbert Greenall and Mr, W. Peter Rylands are taking part in this municipal bye-election solely in the interests of the ward. It is reported that Mr. Rylands has said he will not be content until the Tory party has a working majority of three-fifths of the Council members. This provides a reason for his intro- duction on Wednesday, of Imperialism, Foreign and Colonial policy, into a municipal contest. Mr. Broadhurst is apparently to be another pawn in the political game if he is complaisant and the

electors do not object. We trust the voters will go into the election on Monday with their eyes open and vote solidly for Mr. John Maginn, who has proved in the past his independence of action and his capacity for enterprising administration.

Mr. Stead's defection from MR. STEAD the advocacy of peace to

===== 0002601_19080118_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
.AND PEACE.

Cita of increasing our armaments has given very great pain to his associates of former days. He has been reproved by many influential peace bodies, and the National Council of Peace SJcieties has now undertaken the task of reproving him for the statement that "The Peace Party" is even more anxious to maintain our naval suprern.tcy than the "Jingoes." After all it is only a phrase, and when the Peace Council, on the strength of containing representatives of nearly every poace organisation in the United Kingdom, declares that not one holds the opinion attributed by Mr. Stead, it surely forgets that, as matters now stand, the British Fleet is the greatest force for peace which the world has got. Is there any advocate of peace who would care to contemplate the consequences of the loss of British naval supremacy?

The Corporation is to be congratulated on having emerged with such solid advantages from the arbi- tration in respect of the famous Lawson contract. Mr. Lawson claimed £36,425 Is. from the Corporation over and above the £35,484 which the Corporation had paid to him. As a result of the arbitrator's award, Mr. Lawson's amazing claim is set on one side in its entirety, and he is further directed to pay to the Corporation the sum o f £1,432, and the costs of the arbitration. rhis is the sum and substance of the award, after pro- tracted proceedings and much legal argument ' before Mr. G. H. Hill, MICE. It will be remembered that the contract was let to Mr. George Lawson for the sinking of wells at Winwick and Delph-lane in August 1900. The work was unusually protracted and lasted over four years. Mr. Lawson's contract was for £24,400 with certain contingencies. Apparently those contingencies arose, for the Corporation paid the contractor altogether £35,484,and than found that they were a long way from being out the wood—or the water. During the time the work was proceeding very little information was given to the Council, and the fact that the Council was so frequently asked to sanction the payment of large sums of money—over and above the contract price—merely on the certificate of the engineer was the primary cause of the Non-Trading attack on the Water Committee and the memorable scenes in the Council Chamber. It seemed, that so long as contingencies arose in the shape of excessive water, the pumping and the paying were to go on indefinitely. The Water Committee signally failed to justify their position when 4uestioned in open Council and made matters worse by a policy ot concealment which engendered suspicion: How much more they would have paid to the contractor had it not been for the pertinacity of the Non-Traders nobody knows. The latter forced an investi- gation, and the decision to resort to arbitration followed. It is only on the result of that arbitration that we can congratulate the Corporation. Much of the credit for the satis- factory issue is due to the Non-Traders in the Council whose vindication for what seemed like persecution of the Water Committee, is complete. They fought unflinchingly for investigation by an independent committee, and if they had not carried the day there is no telling to what extent the town's liabilities in this matter might have swollen. After the next Council meeting we should not hear much more about the Lawson Contract. It has been a municipal nightmare for several years and everybody will be thankful when it is buried in oblivion.

THE LAWSON • CONTRACT.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The Veterans' Relief Fund, inaugurated by Lord Roberts, is already meeting with splendid support. Up to Thursday night the sums received totalled £11,296 Os. 71d. * * " £95,000,000 Up "is the riotously exultant heading in a morning paper over a glowing eulogy of last year's "huge increase in trade." This ought to warm the cockles of the hearts of the British workman on the Embankment these nights.—" London Opinion."

They were insurance agents, and they were boast- ing of the promptness with which their respective , companies paid claims. " You may all be slick," said one who had been listening, "but you can't equal. what we do out in the States. I know an office on the second floor of a 16-storey sky scraper. One day a workman fell from the roof to the pavement. Well, as he came past the window of the insurance office on the second floor a clerk handed him his cheque."

* * * The fight in St. Austin's Ward will be memorable for a unique election meeting. On Thursday the singular spectacle of the rival candidates addressing the same gathering was witnessed and the crowded audience seemed to enjoy it. , Although the meeting was called by Mr. Magian, Mr. Broadhurst on entering was at once escorted to a seat near the platform and early in the meeting was accorded the unusual privilege of delivering an address on a warmly dis- puted point. Matters however, soon got lively and the Conservative candidate, .apparently on the horns of a dilemma when Mr. Magmn pressed for details, deemed it expedient to beat 3 dignified retreat. * * * Another case of the biter bitten ! At Tuesday evening's meeting in support of Mr. Maginn's candi- didature an emissary of the opposition triumphantly asked if it was not the fact that whilst he was in the ' Council Mr. Magian opposed an increase of wcges for Corporation labourers. Mr. Maginn had, however, got wind of this attempt to drag a red herring across the trail, and his questioner collapsed on hearing that Mr. Magnin did not vote at all on the question of a minumum wage of 215., whilst those who opposed the the attempt to discrealt Mr. Maguan;was thus clearly resolution included such Tory stalwarts as Councillors Sankey, Hulse and Fulton-Smith. The hollowness of demonstrated.

* * * The contrast in platforms at the election meetings in St. Austin's Ward has been so marked as to call forth much comment. At the Conservative meeting on Wednesday evening Mr. Broadhurst!s supporters were practically all "swells," and many people were asking why these distinguished ornaments of the Tory party should be so deeply concerned about the affairs of St. Austin's Ward and be anxious that it should be represented by a workingman. At Mr. Maginn's meeting the following evening there was none of this display of wealth and influence—in fact, one of the speakers came straight from his work at the forge and addressed the gathering in his working clothes. The audience seemed to appreciate the homely remarks from a fellow-toiler.

* * * It is worth remembering to-day that Mr. Broadhurst was a candidate for municipal honours last February, when he opposed Councillor Hawthorn in Whitecross Ward. On that occasion his employer, Mr. F. Monks, had something interesting to say about his candidature. Speaking about the need for business men in the Council Mr. Monks said " He was surprised to-day to find that the latest candidate was a blacksmith in his own works. He did not know that he (the candidate) contributed very much to the rates but he knew that the firm did, and that it was practically coming to this —that their own workmen were going to say how much rates they would have to pay. Whether that was .a satisfactory state of things or not he would leave his hearers to judge."

* * * Life is made up of marble and mud.—/lawthorne. He jests at scares who never dodged a car.—Mizmer Some want a fortune to make them gentlemen.— La 'Tis a hard thing for a man to be both popular and virtuous.— Seneca. There is always somebody to believe in anyone who is uppermost. —Beecher. He that does good works for praise sells an in- estimable jewel for a trifte.—St..Gregory. Curiosity after the affairs of others cannot be with- out envy and an evil mind.—Jeremy Taylor. A man with a career can have no time to waste upon his wife or his friends—he has to devote it wholly to his enemies.—Mrs. Craigie,

Our neutral contemporary, the "Guardian," seems to have been taken under the sheltering wing of Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall, who have made one or or two visits just recently in order to assist their protege in a little self-glorification. The other day her ladyship was invited to start a new machine, which was afterwards christened "Lady Greenall." We suppose, ere long, some inky-handed "printer's devil" will have to go round and oil" Lady Greenall " !

* * * "That wretched damnable brook" was Mr. John Maginn's way of alluding to the pellucid stream which meanders through Sankey Bridges distributing foul odours along its course. We hope the brook will feel as much better as he apparently did after getting the adjective off his mind. Then there is the eaually " damnable " bridge and the canal and other" damn- able " things. In faet, of Sankey Bridges, one might say with Macbeth" Out damned spot !"

* * * Th Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society has at last been successfully launched and if the present enthusiasm continues there should be some exciting and illuminating discussions. Liberals are reminded that they will be called upon to form the first Government and with the object of selecting a Premier a meeting will be held at Atkinson's Cafe next Tuesday evening. A. large attendance is requested. * * * The question of infantile mortality in]Warrington is not being allowed to rest. An influential deputa- tion of ladies recently waited upon the Mayor and the Chairman of the Health Committee and subsequently, we understand, embodied their views in a written statement which has been forwarded to the Com- mittee. We hope the outcome will be the formation of some voluntary agency to work in conjunction with the authorities to dispel the ignorance which unfortunately so largely prevails. The many friends of Mr. W. W. Yates, an old Warringtorean and a well-known journalist, will be interested in the following which appeared in last ..4aturday's "Dewsbury Reporter" :—" Just fifty years have elapsed since the advent into journalism of Mr. W. W. Yates, who for thirty-six years ending June, 1907, was, as is well-known, the head of the " Reporter" staff. He, however, has not yet attained his professional jubilee, for the reason that for ten months in 1860-61 he was a commercial traveller for a firm of flint-glass manufacturers in St. Helens, and covered much ground in this country and Ireland. In these said-to-be " too-old-at-forty " days, it is worthy of mention that Mr. Yates, who is still in harness— light harness—commenced his business caroer in the autumn of 1843—upwards of sixty-four years ago."

* * Mr. Henry Fielding Dickens, K.C., entered upon his sixtieth year yesterday. He is the sixth son of the famous novelist, and the latter at first thought of naming him Oliver Goldsmith. Dickens certainly paid tribute to literature in the names of sons. One was named Walter Landor, another Francis Jeffrey, a third Alfred Tennyson, a fourth Sydney Smith Haldimand, and a fifth Edward Bulwer Lytton. Henry Fielding was something of a favourite with his father who was particularly pleased when he gained a scholarship at Cambridge. Mr. Dickens, KC., has a son who is a barrister, and nearly a year ago father and son appeared as opposing council in a trial for theft at Chatham. The piquancy of the situation was enhanced by sundry arguments between the two. * * * The Army is still suffering from a redundant supply of colonels. In 1906 the authorities decided that the establishment of colonels should be fixed at 350, and it was understood that steps were to be taken to reduce it to that number. Unfortunately, nothing was done, I and the consequence is that there is still a large body of colonels not only unemployed, but without the pros- pect of employment. It is understood that Mr. Hal- dane and the Army Council are devoting their atten- tion to the matter, and that they will endeavour to make the decision of 1906 effective. * * *•

One of the difficulties attendant upon the mother of a large family is keeping count, if we are to judge by what was heard at the Wakefield County Court on Tuesday. Judge Greenhow asked: Now, can you tell me your family? Can you remember so many of them? (Laughter.) Married Woman : I can tell you all. There are three boys working, a girl in place, one married, and five others. His Honour: Have you only had 10 altogether? The Wife : I have had 10. (Laughter.) His Honour : What has become of the other &ix ? The Wife : I have buried six, and I have 11 living. (Laughter.) His Honour : That is 17. The Wife : I have had eight boys and eight girls. His Honour gave the puzzle up. * *

The appearance of the Rev. J. R. Campbell's latest book, " Christianity and the Social Order, has called forth such a sheaf of adverse criticisms that it might have been eXpected the orator of the City Temple would have something to say in his own defence during the course of Thursday's midday sermon. A sprinkling of journalists was therefore to be seen in the congregation, but the preacher rose superior to the occasion. His discourse contained no reference to the controversy of which he is the centre, its theology not being of a startling character, and his only reference to the social problem was the eloquent peroration in which he condemned the "sickening cant" which ! says that the 100,000 fallen women of London are necessary and at the same time condemns them to social ostracism. He attributed their existence to the subjection of women by men, and his sentiments were I greeted with applause.

* * * One of the numerous practical improvements advocated by Mr. John Magian in the course of the election contest in St. Austin's Ward is the necessity for a public waiting room at the Sankey Bridges tram terminus. Most people who use the trains much will say " hear, hear " to this proposal. It has often struck us that waiting-rooms could be very easily provided at different important points. For instance, a shelter round the big lamp at the Latchford terminus would be an inestimable boon. The same thing could be done at Stockton Heath. But most urgently of all is a shelter required at Rylands-street. If a glass verandah something like those outside the theatres were projected from the adjacent walls it would go a long way towards alleviating the discomforts which many people have to endure every day in wet weather. It is time the Tramways Committee showed more enterprise and consideration for their numerous patrons. * * The theatre disasters a Barnsley and in Pennsyl- vania will doubtless call attention, both in England and the States,t o the conditions of entrance and exits to public halls. It would be better, probably, if there were some general authority to enforce the lessons of I experience over the country as a whole, and not only I locally after a disaster. The example of the railways I • illustrates this. There is rarely an accident the cause of which is discovered that does not lead to some recommendation and often to a compulsory regulation. For instance, the rule that platforms must now be built I sloping from the face instead of to it, as formerly, is a' direct result of the accident at Wellingborough, where a luggage truck ran down and dropped on to the line immediately in front of an express. There is one rule that not infrequently leads to friction between passer gers and officials. Passengers are not allowed to travel in a compartment immediately following an engine. With a full train and a holiday crowd the sight of the first two compart- ments empty has led to many an angry word and sometimes to blows. Of coarse it only occurs when there is no van next to the engine, but this appears to happen more often at holidays than at other times. %:1

Skaters have reason to feel pleased with the weather conditions, so far, of 1908. There have been two frosts and two week-ends of skating. The thaw kindly confined itself to mid-week when ordinary mortals have to work. Warrington is rather fortunate in its facilities for ice-exercise. There are the flooded meadows at Longford and the Twiggery, the Ackers Pits at Latchford, the old canal at Walton, and the dam at Lymm. The ice was of excellent quality and provided the best sport of recent years. It is a curious fact that many young people have not, prior to this season, learned to skate, though they have been anxious to do so. In the last ten years there has been very little opportunity, the spells of frost having been so brief and unreliable. It is quite likely that there will be more skating this winter, for the coldest weather is often experienced in February or early March. While the skaters are happy the poor are, of course, suffering hardships. If only coal were cheaper both rich and poor alike might view the healthy spells of dry frost with satisfaction. -

EYESTRAIN. Arises from small unnoticed defects of focus, and causes Headache, Inflammation: Weak Eyes, Inability to stand the Light, Neuralgia, etc. GLASSES are the only cure, Cilasseg should only be worn after proper testing, otherwise the sight may be ermanently injured. JOHNSTON WATSON, EYE- PIGHT SPECIALIST, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. ow Charges. Satisfaction Guaranteed.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, "

===== 0002601_19080118_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Oug "CLE&N SWEEP " SALE IS NOW PROCEEDING.

SWEEPING REDUCTIONS

IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. W. T. WILLIAMS, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Coming Events. A meeting under the auspices of the Junior Liberal Association will be held in Gregory's Cafe, Butter- rr arket-street, on Monday, when an address entitled " The life of Mr. Lloyd Garrison " will be delivered by Mr. C. E. Parker A promenade concert arranged by Mr. Levi Richardson, will ba held in the Conservative Club on Wednesday next, when the chief item will be a song cycle entitled" The Sunbonnet." The usual popular concert will be held to-night (Saturday) at 7.30 in Bold-street school. The Itev. J. Manning will deliver a lecture in Bold- street school on Monday evening on " Henry Drummond, Scientist and Saint." Mr. 3. Dodds will preside. During the fortnight commencing Monday next, the Parr Hall will be occupied by the New Century Pictures. A highly attractive programme will be presented. Mr. R. A. Naylor. Our readers will regret to learn that there is no improvement in the condition of Mr. R. A. Naylor, who is lying very seriously ill at his residence in Somersetshire. Mr. H. N. Houghton. No change is reported in the condition of Mr. H. N. Houghton, the well-known ironmonger, of Bridge- street, who is seriously lit SPLMMID BUTTER is. lb.—AsuLny's.Sankey s tdvt, LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs and Colds. Of proven efficacy. Of Chemists.—Advt. Junior Liberal Association. The meeting which was to be held on Monday even ing in connection with this Association was cancelled. A letter had been received from Mr. F. Goodwin Lloyd of Manchester, stating that he could not come owing to sickness at home. N.S.P.C.C. Ball. Owing to the death of Miss Willis, the annual ball in aid of the funds of the N.S.P.C.C. which was to be held at the Lion Hotel on Thursday evening was

postponed. " Shortlaad as a Hobby." Mr. G. J. Brown, the esteemed president of the Warrington and District Shorhand Writers' Associa- tion, gave an interesting lecture to the members of the Association, on "Shorthand as a Hobby and other- wise," at the Winmarleigh Cafe, on Wednesday evening. Several questions were asked at the con- clusion of Mr. Brown's address, and after he had eplied, a very cordial vote of thanks was extended ro him. Silver-street Girls' Club. On Wednesday night a hot-pot supper was given to the members of the above, by the Y Branch of the B.W.T.A. A very pleasant programme afterwards ensued, Miss Blackstock and Miss Cox sang Well- known songs, while the girls heartily joined in the choruses. Solos were sung by the Misses Jackson and Jones, and also by Emily Clare and Hannah Birchall, members of the Club. The evening altogether was most enjoyable.

PITRLIO BENEFIT—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE:Advt. Ice Accident at Lymm. Lymm Dam was the scene of an ice accident which might have terminated fatally on Sunday evening. One of the kitchen maids from Beeehwood, the residence of Mr. F. L. Steel, was leaving the Dam about nine o'clock in the evening when she stepped from some planks which had been put over a danger- ous place near the side where the ice had given way, to allow others to pass. She at once went through, but fortunately held on to the plank until she was Pulled out by Peter John Jackson, one of the Dam attendants. Male Voice Choir. Success attended the annual social in connection With this choir, which took place at the Winmarleigh Cafe the other evening. The members and friends to the number of about 100 spent a most enjoyable time. The programme consisted of a whist drive interspersed with part songs by the choir, solos, &c. A novel feature of the evening,a Limerick competition, created much amusement among the competitors, some very good last lines being the result. After awarding the prizes to the winners of the whist drive and Limerick competition, dancing was commenced and kept up with zest until two o'clock when, with thanks to the excellent catering of the Cafe Company, , the party dispersed, pleased with the arrangements whicla had been made for their comfort. 'LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs, Colds, and 13ronchial troubles. 9id. & 1/li. Of Chemists.—Advt Missionary Exhibition. An exhibition of a particularly interesting character was opened in St. George's Mission on Thursday afternoon and will continue until to-night. It corn. Prises the collection of curios got together by the -' Society for the Propagation of the Gospel to familiarise People with the customs and particularly with the religions habits in foreign lands. There are separate stands devoted to exhibits from Borneo, Australia, South Africa, Central Africa, Japan, India and China, .R addition to a literature stall. It had been announced that the Rev. Horace Gray, the newly-appointsd exelaacilmaster of the Grammar School, would open the deathbitoifon on the first day, but owing to the lamented ormal Miss it was decided to dispense with ceremonies. A short service was conducted in the chapel by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath and afterwards Mr. B. C. Perry, who has been engaged in missionary work in Borneo, gave an address. He explained that the exhibition had now got to be pretty well known all over England as the S.P.G. Travelling Exhibition. It travelled in the different dioceses and last year he conducted 93 exhi- bitions on 93 days in five or six dioceses. The curios had been collected from all parts of the world and especially the parts where the S.P.G. bad its workers. On the stalls were articles in daily use by -the natives, ranging in variety from garments to idols. Mr. Perry then gave an interesting description of the work in New Guinea, which, he said, was making gratifyinr, progress, and had earned the comtnenda- lion of the Governor and others in authority.—ln the evening a special attraction was a tableaux of Zenana life.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

During the past .half-year the turnover of the Runcorn and Widnes Co-operative Society was £109,351, an increase of £14,600 over the corresponding period. The trade for the year was by far the largest total recorded by the society—namely, £22l,9oo—and there was distributed in dividend and interest £32,850.

NEW MINISTER FOR RUNCORN. The Rev. Joseph Miller, of Regent-street Congrega- tional Church, Oldham, has accepted a unanimous invi- tation from Bethesda Congregational Church, Runcorn, and will commence his ministry there on the first Sunday in February. Trained at Nottingham Theo- logical College, Mr. Miller went to Oldham three years ago, and his Rork has met with great approval.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BARGENIAN MISSING.

John Whitney, a native of Runcorn, recently residing in Manchester, has been missing since New Year's Day.. He was captain of a Shin Canal Company's barge, and on that day his vessel was in the Duke's Dock, Liver- pool. Runcorn Grappling Corps have dragged the docks at the South-end of Liverpool without result. Whitney is sixty-four years of age.

TETE " CAT " IN THE PANTOMME. . A WIDNES BOY'S OPPORTUNITY.

A discussion took Pl-aCa -at- -S-t.-1-4ele-tis-iolice Court on Monday, when Mr. James Kiddie applied to the magistrates for a licence permitting James Percival, aged twelve, a Widnes boy, to perform in a pantomime at the Hippodrome. He stated that the boy would he on the stage at intervals from six o'clock to 10.45 p.m. He was sent to the Catholic school in every town they visited. He would be sent to school that afternoon. The Clerk : He will go to school to-morrow at nine? Mr. Kiddie: Yes. The Clerk : So the boy is twelve years old, and he will have to get up at eight o'clock in the morning and go on working after school, and he won't get to bed until half-past eleven. Mr, Kiddie : Oh, before that. He will be in bed by eleven. The Clerk : Well it is ridiculous. What are the. boy's parents? Mr. Kiddie: They are poor people. The Clerk : How long have you had this boy at this job? Mr. Kiddie: Three weeks to-day. He is playing the "cat" in the pantomime "Dick Whittington. l'he boy was called forward, and said his father was dead. He had one brother, aged nine, and three sisters, aged fifteen, seven, and four respectively. His uncle kept the house going, and worked in the chemical yard. He had passed standard four. Mr. Kiddie read a letter from the boy's schoolmaster, which expressed the opinion that Mr. Kiddie was doing well by the lad, and that it was a good opening for him. He would be better off than at home. The Clerk : It means he will have to sacrifice his education or the money-making. Mr. Kiddie said the tour would last until March. The bench granted the licence. WIDNES GAS PROFITS.

1 COUNCIL v. TOWN'S MEETING. The Widnes Town Council on Tuesday considered their position with regard to the disposition of the handsome profits of the gasworks. Under the new bill to be promoted next session the Corporation desire to obtain the power to allocate surplus profits to the relief of the rates. A town's meeting • a week ago declared itself strongly in favour of the existing system of using the profit to increase the works and reduce the price of gas. Councillor Lewis moved that a poll of the burgesses be taken. He said be could not accept the decision of the town's meeting as in any sense final. The decision was achieved by the whole-hearted expounding of falla- cies by gentlemen who knew better. The statement that any change in the existing system would result in the raising of the price of gas was absolutely a fallacy, and the whole question of' the price of gas was simply a matter of the Council's poiicy. Alderman George Neil seconded, remarking that it was regrettable that such a meeting as that of a week , ago should have been held. He could not call any man who attended that meeting and voted against the Bill anything but a puppet. oouncillor Smith: I was there, but lam no puppet. Alderman Neil urged that if the Council was fit to be trusted with the sewers, schools, and highways, it was fit to be trusted with the profits of the gasworks. Councillor George Davies thought it was no use spending the £lOO which a poll would mean. He was satisfied with the decision the ratepayers' meeting Rrrived at, although he believed that their action was a mistake and they had voted under compulsion—the compulsion of presence and the compulsion of the power of the eye. He would like to know who paid for the gigantic advertisement in a local paper. An official of the Corporation was credited with it, and an oppor- tunity should be afforded that official of making a dis- claimer. That advertisement called him a thief, or at any rate said he was going to be one. It was a huge lie and he threw it back with all the vehemence of his soul in the teeth of the man or men who concocted it. (Applause.) Eventually the proposer and seconder of the motion were persuaded to withdraw it, and the decision of the public meeting not to allow gas profits to be devoted to the relief of the rates bolds good. •

===== 0002601_19080118_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
A SPECIAL OFFER.

To Users of Fluid Beef and Meat Extracts.

We invite the readers of the Warrington " Examiner " to test for themselves the advantages of the new pre- paration for making Beef Tea, 'Gravies, Soups, etc., called Fluid Ju-Vis. Fluid Ju-Vis is Beef strenghtened and vastly improved in flavour by the addition of Vegetable Extract. Fluid Ju-Vis is solely a Beef and Vegetable product and contains no adulterant whatever. In Fluid Ju-Vis you get about double the usual quantity for the same money and we are satisfied that you will decide that it is at least`equal in quality and flavour, to any Extract you have need. To make Gravies, Soups, Beef Teas at half the usual cost and like them better appeals to every one. A 2-oz bottle of Ju-Vis can be bought of Grocers for 6Ad. or send 61d. stamps for bottle to G. Foster Clark I - land Co., Maidstone.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

PENKETFI PARISH COUNCIL.

The quarterly meeting of the above Council was held on Monday evening in the Wesleyan day school. Dr. Murray, presided, and there were also present : Miss Tinsley, Mr. Withenshaw, Mr. Woodward, Mr. Routledge,Mr. Ditchfield, Mr. D. Houghton and Mr. E. B. Foster (clerk).

SEWER FROM THE NEW COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOOLS IN STOCK-LANE.

IMr. Woodward proposed that the District Council be requested to cut a new sewer, as he thought the ' present one was inadequate. After Dr. Murray had explained that Mr. Newcombe, ' surveyor, was of the opinion that with a few repairs, the present sewer might be given a trial before spend- ; leg so much money on cutting a new one at a cost of ' over £lOO, it was decided to adjourn the question until the next meeting.

TIrE EARLY MORNINLI MAIL. On the proposition of Mr. Withenshaw, seconded by Mr. Woodward it was resolved that the postal authorities be asked to keep back the mail which is dis- tributed to Penketh in the morning, half an hour, so as to bring the mail from the North South and the Midlands as at present the train arrives in Warrington I half an hour after the mail is despatched for Penketh.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL REPRESENTATIVES.

At the request of the Clerk of the County Council it was decided that the following names be sent as a com- mittee for the new school : Miss Tinsley, Mr. Aitken, J.P., Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Midwood.

REVOLUTION IN ELECTRIC LIGHTING.—" OSraM " Electric Lamps reduce your current Bill one half. —Agent : J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, War- rington.—Advt. The Adult School Movement. For the past two Sundays services in connection i with the above movement have been held at the ' SANKEY HARRIERS V. WARRINGTON A.C. A pack of British Workman Coffee House, Horsemarket-street. 24 made up by 14- of Sankey and 10 of Warrington, These services, which are making satisfactory pro_ followed a six mile trail, in the neighbourhood of i ' press, and are well attended, will be continued from Sankey. Owing to the frost-bound nature of the adamantine roads lesser evil of running throughout on the , Sunday to Sunday. At the meeting on Sunday the " New Year's Letter from the National Council to all Sankey roads was chosen, with the result that by 18 thus iu n aolvmerosttherezrsad the Adult Schools " was read. We give the following formank ezf wonthe ,1? 18 extracts from it :—" We belong to an advancing course of last month. Result :—Sankey : C. Von's:, r I Movement and every year our adult school oppor- .W. Bolton, 2 ; J. Riley, 4 ; J. Hands, 7_.; T. Wall, 8 ; tnnities and responsibilities increase and widen. 'A. Willcox, 9 ; total, 31. Warrington : EL K. Jepson, Across the sea, too, in Canada, and America and 3 ; H. Holbrook, 5; G. Watmough, 6 ; J. T. Mulhall, Australia, our ideals are finding their way, and our 10 ; M. Tavlin, 12; A. Ford, 13 ; total 49. The two first men home are products of the Warrington bond of brotherhood is extending. Better still is it wesieyans, for whom Vase ran so well last season, to See that the adult school is striking its roots and as he appears to have improved somewhat (if the ever deeper into the social and religions result of Saturday's run can be taken as a criterion) life of its members and of the nation, should lead the Wesleyans into a more prominent posi- tion than they oconpied last season in the champion- Our movement is not growing in numbers Only, but in some measure, we trust, in strength and ship' rillaeitdattrNarlwr,ton- FleSaloonws Harriers.and Salford Harriers eharacter. The adult school stands for these two J Straw and others laid • truths. By its means men may be educated and about 7i miles of frozen country. The pack of 2g veers'. equipped for the battle of life ; not so much by things followed and were doubtless glad to get or ' ...Awe ,- whiCh they learn, as by the marvellous power of miles of road. fellowship. The school provides, or ought to provide, ' Result :—Salford : H. W. DP -, 1; J. Johnson, for the culture of each man by association with his 3 ; E. Waterson, 6; W. D. B ..istle, 7 ; H Blondsou, fellows. This is the secret of all true education. The 9; J. Renshaw, 10; total 36. book club,' el Bible l Sutton: A, Liptrot, 2;J. W. Bailey, 4;F. J. Il3or coal club, or sick club, or lesson, I Whittle, 5; J. Morris,B ;A. Blinston, 11 ;W. Burrows, :itst as much as the social gathering or neighbourly ; total 43. Daggett won by about 200 yards. ' kindness, is a means of training those hidden powers) To-day : Sutton visit Sankey,Warrington A. C. have ' of fellowship and life, of which all men are in need. an ordinary as a slight preparation for next Saturday, .: Nor is this fellowship merely a Personal friendship, when Liverpool Pembroke who are looked upon as good enough as that is. It is an attitude of mind favourites for the Northern Junior Championship are towards society around us." due to run from the Bridge Inn.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

The Examiner, Saturday, January 18, 1908.

ST HELENS.

FATHER SENT TO GAOL.

- - - James Hewitt, bricksetter, was sent to prison for two months with hard labour at St. Helens, on Satur- day, for leaving his wife and four children in the Workhouse, and making no efforts to maintain them. The family had cost the guardians £7B us. Gd. INDIAN MUTINY VETERAN'S DEATH.

' William Fairclough, an old Indian Mutiny veteran, died in the St. Helens Hospital on Saturday morning after an illness which lasted six months. Deceased belonged to the 2nd 8.R.8. Ride Brigade, and served throughout the Indian Mutiny. He was presented with an Indian Mutiny medal. For the last fourteen years he had been in receipt of a pension. He was employed at Messrs. Pilkington's Works at St. Helens for thirty- eight years, working there up to two years ago. REPRESENTATION OF ST. HELENS. SIR H. SETON-KARR'S DECISION.

It is authoritatively announced that Sir Fleury Seton- Karr, C.M.G., who was for twenty years Member of Parliament for St. Helens, but who was defeated at the last general election by a Labour candidate, has decided to relinquish his claims upon the constituency. Sir Henry was first elected on November 21, 1835, by a majority of 57 over the late Sir David Gamble, and was returned on four subsequent occasions. Sir Henry is an excellent speaker, with a. very attractive manner. As a big-game shooter he is known throughout the world, and in the local Conservative Club are to be seen many trophies of his shooting expsditions—from Norway, North America, and other countries. He was also a prominent member of the Parliamentary golf team on the Conservative side. For some time an impression has got abroad that Sir Henry was about to sever his connection with the Parliamentary source of the local Conservative party, and his present decision is by no means unexpected. DEATH OF A ST. HELENS PRIEST. On Saturday morning the death took place of the Rev. Father Aloysius Guibara. S.J., one of the priests at Holy Cross Church, St. Helens. He had only been ill since the beginning of the week, the cause of death being a severe form of influenza. Father Guibara, who was 45 years of age, was born in Glasgow, but was of Spanish parentage. He was educated at Stonyhurst C'ollege, and was ordained about eleven years ogo. He was appointed spiritual director at the Jesuit College at Malta, and afterwards served on missions at Bristol and Bournemouth, being transferred to St. Helens about two years ago. He was highly esteemed throughout the parish.

THE FUNERAL. Holy Cross Church was crowded by a respectful and sorrowing congregation on Tuesday, when the funeral took place. Requiem Mass was celebrated at eleven o'clock by Father Brown, rector of the Church of the Holy Name, Manchester, assisted by Father Ward, rector of Lowe House, St. Helens, and Father Kenna, of ?rescot. The church was hung with crape and the coffin was placed in front of the high altar. The diocesan choirs of priests sang the music of the Mass. Father Sergeant was director of ceremonies, and there were present representative clergy from all parts of the diocese, as well as the local priests and ,prominent Catholics of the town. The service was attended by the members of the Men's Guild, the young men's sodality, and the boys and girls' guilds. Members of the young men's sodality acted as bearers. The route to the cemetery was lined by the townspeople, and there was every manifestion of sorrow and regard. The mourners were Mr. and Mrs. William Cantephex, London, (brother-in-law and sister), Mr. and Mrs. M‘Guinness (Liverpool), Mr. and Mrs. Poorgate (Liverpool), Miss Clara Roberts (Liver- pool). The clergy present were the Rev. Fathers Eleathcote and Kellett (Preston), Swift, Brady, and Moran (Lowe House), Coverdale and Beauclero (Portico), Dr. Bennett and Holden (Wildenshavv), Dean Powell (Birchley), Proctor, Sargeant, and Seddon (Holy Cross), Day and Nash (Liverpool), Martin, Carolan, and Lomax (Wigan), Murphy and Bowler (Sacred Heart), Kenna, Lightbound, and Toohey (Prescot), Donoghue (Haydock), O'Sullivan (Blackbrook), Carr (Rainhill), Carroll (Rainford), O'Meara and Lynch (Ashton), Riley (Leigh), Lowry (Derbyshire Hill), Bertrand and Herbert (Sutton). There also attended members of the Children of Mary, the Guild of St. Agnes, Sacred Heart Association, Young Men's Sodality, ann Boys' Guild As the coffin was borne to the grave,the choir of priests. in charge of the Rev. Father \Valmsley, sang "In Paradisum." The service at the graveside was per- formed by the Rev. Father Proctor.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

REV. E. BOWCOCK. riThe Rev. E. Bowcock (formerly Primitive Methodist Minister at Earlestown) has been ,unanimously invited for the Manchester Fourth Circuit until 1912. Mr. Bowcock has consented to stay until 1910, but has reserved his decision for the fourth and fifth years to a later date.

THE TALE OF A SHEEP.

- --- ----- - - -- ----- - I George Doveton was summoned at Newton Petty Mr. John Griffiths. Sessions for having left the carcase of a sheep unburied in a field at Newton to the danger of the Many of our readers will regret to hear of the public health. , Defendant did not appear.—PS. death of Mr. John Roberts Griffitha, who passed away Bannister said he went into a field in the °coupe- :at his residence, the Old Cheshire Cheese Inn, Latch- tion of Thomas Pennington, at Newton, and saw the ford, of which he was the licencee, on Sunday evening, of carcase of a sheep lying there. He afterwards saw ington Doveton and asked him if he knew the sheep was dead. at nine o'clock. The deceased, who was 60 . years He said he did, and had told someone to bury it.—The age, came to Warr' about 40 years ago, and Chairman said it was the first case of that kind the entered the service of the Pearson and Knowles Coal Bench had had to deal with, and only a nominal penalty and Iron Company, Ltd., and when he retired a little would have been imposed if the defendant had appeared over eight years ago he held the position of manager but as he chose to treat the Court with contempt he 'of the iron department. He discharged the duties in ' would be fined 20s. and costs. 1 a way which gained the respect of ' employers and ; EARLESTOWN COLLIER'S DEATH. { workmen alike. On leaving the works he became the Mr. Brighouse held an inquest at St. Helens on Tues tenant of the Cheshire Cheese, and his geniality and day on James Rush, twenty-three, of Brick-street kindness made him exceedingly popular. He had Earlestown, who died in the Providence Hospital on been confined to the house for over a month suffering Thursday evening last week. Rush was a native of from . dailments. Irmedical t pneumonia an other is Roscommon, Ireland, and had been in England about a four months. He was employed as a contractor's man attendant was Dr. Langdale, Dr. Joseph having been at the Collins Green Colliery, and on Monday, the fith called in consultation. The deceased worshipped at inst., he was knocked down by a fall of stone in one of Christ Church, Wash-lane, Latchford, and was a P.M. the roadways of the mine, and suffered severe spinal of the " Gilbert Greenall " Lodge of Freemasons and injuries and fracture of the right leg. The evidence , P.Z. of the Royal Arch Chapter. He leaves a widow was that deceased and another man were taking down ' and ten children—seven boys and three girls—with whom deep sympathy is expressed. the roof, in order to increase the height of the road- way, and in the interval between taking a prop down . " and setting another prop the fall took place.—Mr. I THE FUNERAL. Matthews, Government Inspector, said there was always 1 The large attendance at the funeral which took place an interval of danger, and men had to use their judg- at the Warrington Cemetery yesterday afternoon testi- fied to the respect in which the deceased gentleman was ment in dealing with this work, which was of a danger- ous character.—The jury returned a verdict of held. The last rites were performed by the Rev. W. "Accidental death." ' Bracecamp, Vicar of St. Paul's. The chief mourners WARRINGTON MAN'S NIGHT POACHING. , were :—Messrs. Fred (Pittsburg), Ernest, Albert and At Newton Sessions on Thursday last week Richard Llewellyn Griffiths (sons), Messrs. George and Jesse Mills, a respectable looking man, said to be employed Griffiths (brothers), Messrs. A. Challingswortla, F. at Dallam Forge, Warrington, was charged with night Llewellyn J. Llewellyn and Charles Bradley (cousins), poaching at Burtonwood the previous Saturday night.— W.l Chain; sworth (uncle), E. E. Lowe, F. Banning Mr. E. A. White, prosecuting for Lord Lilford, said an F. d F Bruntg (sons-in-law). There was a large some keepers heard a gun fired in a plantation near the representation of the Gilbert Greenall Longs of t Licensed Warrington Borough Boundary, and took the prisoner Freemasons and the Warring onVictuallers Association. The representatives of Messrs. Pearson, into custody. It was half-past eleven o'clock at night Knowlest Messrs Bunch, T 1 rus eve, and present were: _ and the prisoner's statement that he was in the field to shoot pee wits was not very likely to be true, while the Mclntyre and Atherton. Wreaths *were sent by the act of going into a wood to shoot pheasants roosting following :—Mother, Fred and Ellen, Ernest and Annie, in trees was an ordinary, common and easy form of Albert and Edith, Maud and Ted, George and Mabel, poaching. The prisoner ad a double-barrelled gun Llewellyn, Lily and Fred, Charles and Amy, Annie and h on him, with one barrel loaded and the other recently Tom. Riley and Stanley, Warrington and District discharged. The offence of taking out firearms for Licensed Victuallers' Association, G. and J. Greenall , night poaching was, Mr. White added, a very serious one, and Co., Mr. and Mrs. Bridge, Mr. and Mrs. Richardson . d in view of such consequences as might possibly follow. Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. J. Llewellyn an 11,r —Three witnesses gave evidence bearing out . family I Mr. and Mrs. T. Llewellyn, Mr. and Mrs. Lowe, , M White's statement.—Fined 40s. and costs, and bound Mrs. Morrell and family, Mr. S. and A. Wakefield, a over for 12 months not to repeat the offence few sincere friends, Mr. and Mrs. J. Payton, Mr. and . ; Mrs. Healing, Mr. and Mrs. Barlow, Mr. W. Challings- ROBBING A CONTRIBUTION BOX. , worth, Mr. A. Challingsworth, Mr. and Misses A young woman named Ellen Welch, who said she Challingsworth, Mr. J. Niel. was 21, but did not look more than 15 or 16,was charged add obituary Mr J. Pattison at Newton last Thursday with breaking open a box 1 belonging to the Welsh Baptist Mission-room, Clarence- , street, Earlestown, and stealing ss. therefrom.—William 1 Mr. Harry Hill. Bithell, insurance agent and caretaker of the Welsh ' A well known Forester passed away at noon on Monday Baptist Mission-room, said he found the box broken open, and to the best of his belief there had been about in the person of Mr. Harry Hill, who in conjunction ss. 6d. taken out. He had known the girl from a child, with his two brothers, carried on business as a and she was at his house from December 20th to plumber and painter in Church-street. Deceased,who January 2nd. He took her in when she had nowhere was 41 years of age, recently suffered from a mild else to go. She went into the mission-room on the attack of influenza, but improved sufficiently to allow morning of January 2nd, and he afterwards found that of his attending to his business. He was present at the box had been broken open and emptied.—P.C. a meeting of delegates of the Ancient Order of Simpson said the girl admitted having broken the box Foresters of which society he was a P.D.C.R. (Court open with the door key, and that a sum of is. 2d., found on her, was part of the money.—The girl's mother was Jaaziel) on Saturday at the Feathers Hotel, and in Court, and said she had never done anything of the whilst there he was seized with an apoplectic fit. kind before.—Mr. Reed, Police Court Missionary, Medical aid was immediately summoned, but he undertook to look after the girl, and she was thereupon never recovered consciousness, and passed away at discharged. ' the time stated. For over a score of years he had • I acted as a bell-ringer at the Parish Church. • His Lantern Lecture on Rome. . death will be mourned by a large circle of friends, The Warrington Catholic Young Men's Society and the deepest sympathy is extended to his widow scored another huge success in the arrangement of and daughter. their second lecture of the season, on Tuesday evening 1 The funeral took place at the Warrington. Cemetery in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street. The on Thursday afternoon when in addition to many eels- Rev. H. E. Hazlehurst, D.D. Ph.D., of Newport, Salop, tives and friends, a large number of members of the who was for seven years resident at the Eternal City Order of Foresters attended. gave a masterly description of ancient, modern and I Christian Rome. The views thrown on the screen Mr. J. Rutherford. were of a very high order and were explained by the The" Daily Telegraph," Sydney, New South Wales, reverend lecturer in a manner only possible to one says : —Mr. James Douglas Rutherford, an old I thoroughly acquainted with the City and environs. resident of the eastern suburbs, died at his residence, The musical programme was well rendered by Mrs. J. Dolan, Miss Marie Warren and Miss M. P. Rigby, The Dene Bronte-street, Waverley, and the funeral assisted by a small chorus of members and lady, took lace' at the Waverlev Cemetery. The deceased, who place a native of EdinSurgh, for 17 years had filled friends. Miss Kilduff ably officiated as accompanist. ; the position of bookbinder to the Sydney School of The Rev. Fr. Buggins,O.S.B., proposed a vote of thanks . Arts He was an earnest Churchman, and took the to the rev, lecturer, seconded by Mr. M. Cunningham. initiative Dr. Hazlehurst in reply, said it had been a pleasure in having the Grabame Memorial and to him to go once more in spirit to the city where he Mac neil Memorial Presbyterian Churches at Waverley had spent so many happy days, and the audience erected. The Revs. J. Macauley, T. Morgan, and would perhaps understand that there was no home R. G. Maclnt re took part in the service at the grave- sickness like Rome-sickness. The proceedings then ' * side Mr. Macaulay paid an eloquent tribute to the terminated with the audience of over 300 rising deceased, s worth and to his increasing efforts for the en masse to vigorously sing" Faith of our fathers." advancement of the Presbyterian Church. The deceased, who was in his 81st year, leaves a widow, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs id ', four sons and one daughter. Mr. Rutherford wag ' a Colds; never fails. lili, 219.—Advt. at one time a resident of Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL OBITUARY.

Mr. John Pattison.

IWarrington has lost its oldest male inhabitant by I the death at the age of ninety-four of Mr. John Patti- son, who passed away at the residence of his son-in- law, Mr. John Gandy, at 6.15 on Tuesday morning. "Considering his advanced age, Mr. Pattison was in ! fairly good health-up to a few weeks ago, but the cold I weather experienced of late made it necessary for him to discontinue the frequent walks which he was i accustomed to take. Shortly after Christmas his con- dition became serious and he gradually sank, the cause of death being senile decay. Mr. Pattison had had a most interestin& career. He ! was born in Sowerby, Thirsk, Yorkshire, on the 4th December, 1813, two years before the battle of I Waterloo, and was, therefore, in his 05th year. When , a young man he was apprenticed to a Mr. Squires, a tanner at St. Helens, with whom he remained several I years, subsequently accompanying him to Warrington, I where the business was continued in Mersey-street. , Leaving tanning, Mr. Pattison became a grocer and i bread dealer in Mersey-street, and subsequently in ! Church-street, where he remained until he retired , ' from business altogether. He was an ardent sup- I 1 porter of the Wesleyan Church, and worshipped in i the old chapel in Bank-street, which was subsequently lused as a County Court, and is now the home of the , Ragged School and Missimit At that time Warring- ton and Runcorn formed one circuit, and three ministers were engaged. His interest in the Wesleyan Church continuti up to the time of his death and he was a familial figure at church gatherings. Mr. Pattison was one of those who walked the borough boundary before the election of Mr. William Beamont 'as first Mayor of Warrington. He witnessed many I great changes in the town and could remember scores of fields now covered with shops, works, and dwelling- houses. He had a vivid recollection of the celebra- tion 3 in Warrington of the Coronation of the late , Queen Victoria, and he could vouch for ' the interesting fact that at one time no fewer , than 22 four-horse coaches ran through Warrington every day plying between London, Edin- burgh, Manchester, Liverpool, and other places. The principal calling places for rest and refreshment were the Lion Hotel in Bridge-street and the George Hotel in Sankey-street. While Mr. Pattison was serving his apprenticeship in Yorkshire the luxury of gas and candles was entirely out of the question, in his case at ! any rate, and he said that when it was dark he had I either to go to bed or ramble about the streets. Read- ing was quite an impossibility, and if he Iwished to strike a light he had to resort to the old- fashioned flint. When he first remembered Warring- ton there were no police and the night-watchmen might be heard at all hours of the night calling out the , time.

Mr. Pattison was the father of the celebrated com- poser Mr. T. Mee Pattison, of London, who was at one time a very prominent musician in Warrington. He attributed his great longevity, among other things, to having lived the "simple life," both in the matter of food and drink. He was not a total abstainer, but he never smoked, and greatly benefited by the habit of taking long walking exercise whenever the state of the weather irriaitted and his own health was sufficiently good. He had made a large circle of friends by his pleasant and kindly disposition, and his death has occasioned deep regret. THE FUNERAL. At the funeral which took place at the Cemetery yesterday afternoon many townspeople attended to pay their last respects to one who had so long been a familiar figure in Warrington. The first part of the service was held in the Bold-street Wesleyan Church. The Rev. John Grinnell read the Psalm and the Rev. T. Miller read the lesson end offered prayer. The hymns "Rock of Ages " and " Give me the wings of faith " were sung. Mr. Frank Hickman presided at the organ and played "0 rest in the Lord " and the " Dead March"in Saati.The service at the graveside was conducted bf the Rev. T. Miller and the Revs. J. Gunnell and W. Mellor were also present. The chief mourners were : Mr. T. Mee Pattison, London, (son), Mr. J. Gandy (son-in-law), Mr. J. T. Pattison and Mr. Walter Gandy (grandson), and Mr. Richard Swift. Amongst other present were Messrs. James Parkinson, George Weaver and Doncaster (Wesleyan Society Stewards), Alderman Bennett, Councillor 'Sankey, Mr. David Garnett, and Mr. Levi Richardson. Wreaths were sent by Mr. and Mrs. Gandy and family, Mr. J. T. Pattison, Mrs. Sankey, and Mrs. Baines.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Miss Willis.

It is with sincere regret that we record the death of Miss Cicely D'Anyers Willis, only daughter of the Rev. Canon Willis (Rector of Warrington) and Mrs. Willis, who passed away at -the Rectory on Thursday morning after a brief illness. The deceased lady, who was twenty-six years of age, visited Dover about Christmas time to meet her brother who was coming home, and on returning she was seized with illness which developed into typhoid fever. Under Dr. Langdale's care she appeared to be progressing favourably, but she suddenly relapsed and on Wednes- day it was realized that her condition was very critical. A painful sensation was created on Thurs- day when the news of her death became generally known, for her pleasant and sympathetic disposition had gained for her a warm regard amongst a very wide circle of friends. She took a deep interest in the work of her father's parish, and was always a welcome visitor to the homes,pf the rarishioners, by whom she will be greatlf missed. The deepest sympathy will go forth to the Rector and Mrs. Willis in their great sorrow. The funeral will take place on Monday afternoon at the Warrington Cemetery. The first part of the service will be held in the Parish Church at one o'clock.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING SOCIETY.

The Second Meeting.

The adjourned inaugural business meeting of this Society was held in the Council Chamber on Thursdsy evening under the presidency of Alderman Pierpoint. There was a large attendance. The SECRETXRY read the minutes of the meeting of the sub-Committee held on Monday evening (Mr. Charles Plinston in the chair), which stated that the Secretary reported that he had written to the Secretary of the Co-operative Society with reference to the hiring of the Co-operative Hall. The Secretary of the Co-cperative Hail had written to say that he would bring the matter before the next meeting of the Society. After a prolonged and animated discussion, rules were drawu up and it was resolved that they be brought before the Society. Mr. W. CHRIMES said that the relolution passed at the last meeting was that the Society should be governed in accordance with the British House of Commons. The Society 1 included clergy and there was no clergy in the House of Commons. He did not, however,want the clergy excluded. The SEcREraRY rose to a point of order. THE RULES. _ . .

Considerable discussion- then took place on the draft of the rules submitted. The principal rules are : " The Society shall consist of members each subscrib- ing 28. 6d. per annum. honorary members ss. per annum, who should enjoy all the privileges of the Society. Members joining for he second half of the session is. Od. _ _ .

I The Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society is established for the purpose of discussing political and social topics, according, as far as may be practic- able, to the forms of the House of Commons. As in the House of Commons the House shall be divided into a Government (hereafter call the Ministry) with its supporters and an Opposition. The manage- ment of the general business of the Society shall be vested in a Council, consisting of the Speaker, the Chairman of Committees, the Treasurer, the Trustees, the Clerk of the House, the Honorary Secretary, and twelve elected members, all of whom with the excep- tion of the Trustees shall be elected annually. Five shall form a quorum. Any member of the Council , absenting himself without reasonable excuse consecu- tively from three of its ordinary meetings shall cease to be a member of the Council. Vacancies arising during the Session shall be filled up at the next ordinary meeting. The Ministry shall be entitled to claim pre- cedence for their measures. Other measures shall be taken according to their order it the minute book. The Ministry shall be composed of not fewer than eleven members. A list of such ministry, stating their official positions, shall be laid on the table of the House on the introduction of their first measure. The House shall meet every Thursday evening at 7.30 from the last Thursday in September to the Ist of December, and from the Ist of January to the Ist Thursday in April. The Speaker shall have power to suspend, for the sitting,any Member contravening the rules of the House, or failing to comply with the orders of the Speaker. Such Member's conduct shall be dealt with in 4 Com- mittee._ _ .

The House in Committee shall have power to expel from the Society an offending member by a vote of not less than three-fourths of those present and voting.

ELECTION OF OFFrCERS.

Nir. RANDLES moved that Alderman Bennett be elected Speaker of the House. Alderman BF 'NETT said he could not attend to the duties as he had such a great amount of engagements to fulfil. Mr. MAsoN said the success of the Society depended on the Speaker. (Hear, hear ~) He moved tbat the Council nominate a sub-coenfnittee who would report at the next meeting. Mr. F. G. TAYLOR seconded and the motion was carried.

Mr. MASON proposed " that Councillor Steel be appointed chairman of committees." It was necessary that a legal gentleman should fulfil that office. Mr. GARSIDE seconded and the motion was carried unanimously, Mr. T. S. SITEr in reply thanked the meeting and accepted the °Face, saying he would to the best of his ability give both sides fair judgment. Mr. OSBORNE moved that the Speaker and Chairman of committees be appointed trustees. Mr. BRADSHAW seconded and the motion was carried

„ Mr. P. H. Bennett was appointed trenaurer, Mr. E. Osborne secretary, and Mr. W. Mason, clerk of the House. Messrs. F. G. Taylor. W. H. Stansfield, G. Smith, C. Plinston,R.Tierce Williarns,M. G. Hearn, A. Kilburn, W. H. Sherburn, G. Reeves, E. Sogland, G. F. Awbery, E. Gordon Burgess were the twelve elected members of the Council.

VIE MEETING ROOM. The SECRETARY reported that he had received a reply from the Co-operative Society stating that this room could be hired every Thursday, except When the Education Committee of the Society required it, at 12s. Gd. per night, including light. Mr. G. WALKER said that the Co-operative Hall was not the best room for the purpose. (Hear, hear.)- They onaht to get a room which was not so expensive. Mr. E. ENGL Cil) contended that they could not find a better room than the Co-operative Hall in Sankey- street. The Co-onerative Hall was taken for two weeks, during which time they could perhaps find another one' thei next 'meeting being fixed for January 30th in the Co-operative Hall.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTECTING THE CHILDREN. . The Work of the N.S.P C.C. in Warrington

The annual meeting of the Warrington branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children was held at the Town Hall, yesterday after- noon. At the commencement the Mayor presided and there was a good attendance., including the hon. secretary (Mr. W. D. Jeans, jun.). The MAXOI2 warmly commended the work of the Society in Warrington and paid a high tribute to the conscientiousness and tact of Inspector Cox. As his Worship had to leave to attend another meeting, the chair was then taken by Mr. C. E. Parker. THF, WORK OF THE YEAR—INFANTILE MORTAL-I-TY. _ _

In- his annual report the SECRETARY said the corn I mittee had pleasure in reporting a decrease in the I number of cases requiring investigation. Three hundred I and eighty-nine cases were dealt with, affecting 908 I children as against 331 in the preceding year. One thousand six hundred and twenty-six supervision visits were made during the year. An analysis of the cases showed that they practically all occurred in families where one or both of the parents were of drunken habits. Cases of actual brutality and violence were I very rare. The finances of the branch continued to be satisfactory, the balance of income over expenditure I being £lO 16s. 11d. The infantile death rate to which I reference was made in last year's report showed no sign of decreasing. A frequent cause of the death of young children was the wrong and foolish way in which I their mothers fed them. It might ultimately save many I lives if the elder children in elementary schools were given a course of instruction in the management and , feeding of young children. Sir GILBERT GREENALL was re-elected President and the Vice-Presidents and the Executive Committee were re-elected. The Council was re-elected with the addition of Mrs. Venn, Mrs. Dimelow, Mrs. Pitt, Mrs. McClure, Mr. IP. Awbery, Min Frost, Mr. J. Moore Murray, Misses Geddes and Mr. W. Roberts. WHAT VIE SOCIETY IS DOINa• An interestinc, address on the work of the Society was delivered by Mr. R. J. Parr, Director of the Society, who referred with satisfaction to the influ- ence which it was exerting on public opinion. The clay I would come when if would be impossible for any child to suffer in an enlightened community without someone being concerned about it. Although during the past year 44,433 cases of cruelty were reported, affecting 115,000 children, there was the comforting reflection that the Society had been able to help to that extent those who suffered and they were each year discovering more and more what was going on. Brutality was being gradually stamped out and it was becoming leas necessary every year to engage in prosecutions. (Applause.)

For Chronio Chest Complaint., Woods' Peppermint Care.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON INFIRMARY.

New Medical Appointments.

LORD CROSS TO OPEN THE EXTENSION.

A special general meeting of the Governors of the Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary was held in the new pavilion at the Infirmary yesterday afternoon under the presidency of Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. There was a large and representative attendance, including the Mayor, Rev. H. V. Pigot (chairman of the Board of Management), Mr. W. P. Rylands (chairman of the Extension Committee), Dr. Fox (hon. consulting medical officer) and Mr. J. H. J. Hampson (secretary).

===== 0002601_19080118_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NE W VICE-PRESIDENT.

„ The Rev. Father WHITTLE moved that Mr. Henry Greensll be elected a Via-President of the institution and referred to the immense interest which Mr.Greenall took in the recent bazaar which realized between 0,000 and £3,000. Mr. C. JACKSON HOLMES seconded and the vote was heartily carried.

MEDICAL APPOINTMENTS. The Rev. Jorm YONGE moved : "That one of the honorary assistant medical officers be appointed a full honorary medical officer." He said he was sure they would all agree with him that they could not do a better thing for the Infirmary than to ask Dr. E. J. Fox to accept the appointment. He was fully qualified for it not only by his medical attainments but by his faithful services while he was honorary assistant medical officer. He had made record attendances and had been most anxious to assist the poor people who were in physical trouble. In making the appointment they would do credit to themselves and give great satis- faction to all who were associated with the insti ution. The Rev. C. HARVEY COOK seconded and the appoint- ment was unanimously agreed to. - Two applications—from Dr. G. Binns and Dr. A. liodgkinson—were re-eived for the post of honorary assistant medical officer. The Board of Management recommended the appointment of Dr. Hodgkinson. Mr. J. H. SMETHURST moved that Dr. Hodgkinson be appointed. He had done splendid work in connec- tion with the institution as senior house surgeon during the past five years, and had shown a particular interest in the extension scheme, his advice and skill having proved exceedingly valuable. Mr. W. P. RYLA SOS seconded. He had known Dr. Hodgkinson a considerable time, and the services he bad rendered to the institution were undeniable, and of the very highest value. The appointment was unanimously agreed to. THE RULES. CHURCHES AND THEIR SUBSCRIPTIONS. The next business was the amendment of rules, a long list of alterations being moved by the Rev. H. V. PIGOT, on behalf of the Board of Management. The principal change is that the Institution be henceforth governed by rules and bye-laws instead of by rules only ; that no bye-law shall contravene a rule, and that the rules be made by the Governors, and the bye-laws be made by the Board of Managetnent. That the bye- laws apply to the resident medical staff, matron, nursing staff, and servants. A new rule is that—" All donors of 500 gnineas or upwards, the same being a personal gift, and not the result of any collective effort, shall be Vice-Presidents for life." The Rev. J. F. Mkayrrlmvs called attention to a pro- posal that " The representative of any place of worship in which a collection of three guineas or upwards is made in aid of the funds of the Institution, shall be a Governor during one year from the date of payment." He said that under the old rule the amount of the collection was fixed at a mirnium of one guinea and the alteration would have the effect of disfranchising a number of small congregations. The Rev. H. V. PIGOT said the proposal was made by Mr. Thornton with the object of stimulating all the places of worship to a higher level of liberality. The Rev. J. F. MA:rrirEws : It seems to be apply- ing the lash to congregations. The CHAIRMAN : "Helping the lazy ones on with a stick." (Laughter.) The Rev. J. F. MATTHEws said small congregations had great difficulty in responding to the calls on behalf of various institutions. Mr. RYL ANDS said the chief idea of the Board was to alter the rule so that any representative of a con- gregation might be a governor, instead of confining it to the clergy or ministers. Ultimately it WM decided to revert to the original amount of one guinea as a minimum. THE EXTENSION. Mr. RYL ANDS announced that the Extension Com- mittee had been fortunate in securing a promise from Lord Cross to open the new buildings on March 19th. He would remind the meeting that they still required .£l,OOO and he hoped an effort would be made to raise I it before the opening day.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

"The Dandy Thieves."

Merriment holds sway at the Palace and Hippodrome this week and those who want to he thoroughly amused could not do better than visit this popular house. The name cf Fred Karno is synonymous with fun of the first water, and the second half of the programme is sustained by his capital company in the successful musical extravaganza entitled "The Dandy Thieves." There is not a dull moment from beginning to end and shrieks of laughter greet the adventures of the bold had burglars and the valiant police who deem it best to hide round the nearest corner when there is a prospect of coming to close quarters with the wrong-doers. The piece is presented in three scenes and several catchy musical numbers prove highly. popular, notably the famous "Six little burglars." Mr. George Hester, as Sergeant Lightning is the life and soul of the performance and his doings whilst in charge of Miffin's Emporium are irresistibly comical. Mr. Frank Morton, as Lord Fa.sem, alias Flash Jack, sings with fine spirit "I'm King of the Burglars," his robust voice being used to the best advantage. The programme includes some other features of more than usual interest. The Davenports, lightning magicians and illusionists, give one of the best conjuring entertainments seen in Warrington for-a long time. The audience is com• pletely mystified by a series of wonderful tricks, for in respanse to a wave of the magic wand, live doves, yards of handkerchiefs and flags appear apparently from nowhere. Yeager and Da Costa figure in smart American Coonisms, their dancing being particularly clever. Barry Hillier is an accomplished vocalist and instrumentalist and does some surprising things in the way of artistic paper-tearing. SORIA very pleasing songs. beautifnlly illustrated, are given by Fox and Melville, and W. Foster, comedian, se run a dis- tinct success in his up te-date turns. Raymond's Bin-Tableaux, always interesting, has this week some side-splitting pictures depicting the wild career of the "Reckless Horseman" Widclop and his orchestra do themselves great credit in the bright selections " Royal Standard" (Darezriski) and " Romance and Two Dances" (Cerman).

===== 0002601_19080118_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Patrons of the Palace should make a point of seeinm next week's entertainment which will be brimful of interest and fun. The bill is headed by Albert and Edmund's great comedy troupe in their original farcical ' and pantomimical real life absurdity, entitled "Neighbours," which will be presented in two scenes, and will provide something to laugh at, think over and remember. Another excellent turn will be provided by Satanella Trio, sensational acrobatic dancers, and amongst other artistes who will contribute to a splendid programme, are: —Fox and Melville, with illustrated songs : Amos Howard, coon singer and dancer ; Mabel Mavis, the wonderful musician; Wake and Dean, the argumentative gentlemen ; Wilman, instrumentalist.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday.

Wycliffe Church, Rewsey-street : Morning 10.30 and evening 6.30, Rev. J. Yonge. Bold-street Wesleyan Church : Morning 10.30 and evening 6.30, Rev. J. Manning of Preston, and formerly of this circuit, will preach. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church : Morning 10.30, Rev. William Mellor; evening 6.30, Rev. Sidney Pitt. Baptist Church Latchford ; • Morning 10.30, Rev. J. S. Hughes; evening 6.0. Councillor James Ball. Golborne-street, Baptist Church : !Morning 10.45 and evening 6.30, Rev. J. F. Matthews.

VISIT TO MA.NCHESTER, JANUARY 20TH.-Mr. Thomas Ison, Oculariat and Aurist (of Ison's Eye and Ear Dis- pensary, Leeds, established 1871), will visit the Deans- gate Hotel, Deansgate, Manchester, on Monday, January 20th. hours 11 to 8, and the Old Bull Hotel, Blackburn on Wednesday, February stb, hours 2 to 7, and may be consulted on all cases of failing sight and hearing. New treatment without operation. Sufferers should avail themselves of the present opportunity of consult- ation. Spectacles adapted for weak or defective sight. Artificial eyes supplied. Those unable to avail them- selves of a personal consultation should write to Leeds for printed form of questions to answer; forwarded Cireat free. Letters to be addressed to 71, Dania °ROWE 15T., Leeds.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Leah Kleschna."

With such an excellent attraction as Messrs. Armitage and Leigh's company in "Leah Kleschna,' good houses have been the rule at the Royal Court Theatre this week. The author, C. M. S. McLellan, has gone quite off the beaten track to discover a promising theme, and he has succeeded in weaving a story of great power and sustained interest. Leah Kleschna is the daughter of a clever professional thief, and has herself been trained as an expert in the art of burglary. When the play opens she is about to undertake a robbery, carefully planned by her father, at the house of Paul Sylvaine, an eminent public man, who, it is known, has come into possession of jewels of fabulous value. It is clear that Leah has some qualms about the enterprise, but in response to Kleschna's none too gentle coaxing, she apparently banishes them and we see her in the early hours of the morning rifling Sylvaine's safe in a truly business- like way. She is in the act of annexing the jewels when Paul Sylvaine appears upon the scene and, in spite of her alarming threats, refuses to allow her to depart. Now Paul holds unique views mit criminoloa, believing that all persons, however degraded, have, some spark of goodness within them. and that they will prove more amenable to appeals to that better nature than to punishtnent. Therefore, instead of handing Leah over to the police, he talks to her in a gentle,persuasive way,which breaks down her proud spirit and arouses a lo ithing of her calling. Leah determines to break from the old life and loses little time in telling her father that she means to leave him. Of course, be is furious and storms and sleads in turn, but all to no avail. A highly dramatic and moving scene culminates in Leah goin, forth alone to begin life anew amid the haunts of her childhood in Austria. There she gains a livelihood by honest toil with the poor peasantry, until Paul Sylvaine seeks her out and makes her his wife. The company is one of the strongest we have seen in Warrington and the production merits the highest praise. Miss Bessie Riguold in the title role gives a thoroughly artistic and appealing ponrtrayal. Her acting is not of the hysterical order but has a quiet dignity and charm which is much more effective. She is particularly good in the trying encounter with Kleschna at the part- ing of the ways. Mr. Wm. F. Grant is an admirable Paul Sylvaine, displaying perfect composure under the most untoward circumstances and delivering the many fine lines of the part with due impressiveness. Mr. William Clayton gives a truly striking version of Kleschna and works himself up into a mighty passion when his designs are thwarted by Leah's reclamation. Mr. Gilbert Heron makes the most of the part of Schram whose devotion to Leah is pathetic. A special word of praise is due to Mr. Hamilton Deane who scores one of the greatest successes of the piece as the reckless, wayward Raone Berton. As the boister- ous reveller in Act 2 he does splendidly. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. Next week's attraction is one that should appeal powerfully to Warrington playgoers, as Mr. J. A. Campbell's principal company will appear in the new homely play "The Little Breadwinner." Mr. Camp- bell, who personally supervises the production of the. play, is the author of" The Sin of Her Childhood," "The Old Folks at Howe" and other highly popular dramas. " The Little Breadwinner" has met with cordial approbation throughout the land, and has been termed a worthy rival to "The Silver King." It is now in the thiol year of tour. Little Marjorie Lawrence will apnear in the role of " Meg," which she has performed with great success.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

Annual Increases of Teachers' Salaries.

The monthly meeting of the Education Committee will be held at the Town Hall on Monday evening when the businocs for consideration will include the following :

OFFICIALS' SALARIES. The Finance Committee recommend the following increases of salary from April Ist :—Mr. A. S. Elliot, stores clerk, from £143 10s. to £l5O ; Mr.l. C. Pharaoh, higher education clerk, from £94 to £lOO 10s. ; Mr. R. Price, statistical clerk, from £5B 10s. to £65 ; Miss M. E. Austin, typist, from £59 10s, to £l5 ; Mr. P. W. Smith. committee and minute clerk, from £39 to £45 10s.

TEACHERS' SALARIES. The School Management Committee submit the annual list of increases of salaries of elementary school teachers, the total amount of advances being £1,078. THE BOLTON SCHOOL. Letters were read from the Minister and Secretary of the Latchford Baptist Church as to the constitution of the body of Managers appointed for theinew Bolton Council school, and directions were given as to the reply to be sent thereto.

BATHING FACILITIES. A letter was read from the Town Clerk, intimating that owing to want of accommodation, the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee are unable to extend to school girls the facilities for attendance at the Baths afforded to school boys, but stating that the Committee have under consideration a scheme for the enlargement of the Baths under which the desired accommodation could be provided. The Director was instructed to state, in reply, that, whilst welcoming the announce- ment as to the intended provision of additional bathing accommodation, this Committee would be glad if the -Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee could see their way to make some arrangement by which school girls could, in the meantime, have the benefit of the existing bathing accommodation on say two days each week.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAINING COLLEGE ACCOMMODATION.

A. letter was read from the Lancashire County ' Connell, enquiring whether this Committee would be willing to co-operate with other Education Authorities in Lancashire in the provision of one or more Training Colleges for teachers, and the Director was instructed to intimate in reply, that, subject to a satisfactory scheme being prepared, this Committee would join with other Authorities for the purpose of providing additional Training College accommodation, and v. ould appoint representatives to meet representatives of the other Committees to dismiss the matter with them.

EMPLOYMENT OF SCHOOL t HILDHEN. The School Attendance Comm:ttee has considered the question of the terms of emnloyment of school children between the ages of 13 and 14, and resolved that a reply be sent to the communication received from the Warrington Head Teachers' Association upon this subject, to the effect that this Committee is not prepared to recommend the Education Committee to withdraw the discretionary power contained in the Bye-laws, and that they will continue to carry out the IBye-laws as they at present exist.

Wesleyan Home Missions. A meeting in support of Wesleyan Home Missions was held in Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Thursday evening. Mr. Jenks, of Penketh, presided over a fair attendance. The principal speaker was the Rev, T. Morcom Taylor, 8.A., of Bradford, who fcr thirteen years was engaged in mission work in Bradford. He dealt most interestingly and convincingly with work amongst the poor and outcast in the cities and large towns. The Rev. W. Mellor also took part in the zeting.

JOHN WALKER & CO, BEWSEY STREET,. WAR RINGTON.

POSTER PRINTING

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls.

AT THE CHEAPEST RATES ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed f,--)91 piste or type. PROSPECTUSES & BALANCE SHEETS. PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE—A speciality

CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES INVOICES,

TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES. INVOICES RULED TPATOTERN. PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS: BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. CATALOGUES for Public and Priv

ivats

===== 0002601_19080118_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
IERS, -,)GRA.PHERS, &lAKERS

PRINTERS, BOOKBINDEn_ PAPER RULERS, LITHOGR,, DIE STAMPERS, ACCOUNT. RULES BOORS. ACCOUNT BOOKS, JOHN WALKER & 0 BEWSEY STREET, WA.

8001

RRING

...n. Libraes

'TON-

- V

6 The Examiner, Saturday January 18, 1908. . .: ~. :c: • ~.-„,.:: , - ..„.......: :. --.„. ~.: .„. . • •,.....„. -,•.,5,t •'' ". - „::}a;•;lM`. :-.ii;07,4-',•-• . WARRINGTON. 1 Wycliffe Young People's Society. . ..„..............._ ,_. • • ' --\ ''''ll ~ zupf,--. '_ • . 7.S , On Monday evening the opening meeting of the : • me set s sse i•• se - -es - - atm -- is %seek • s -tees- r. 4° 4tel• ..e: . .-...: 4.1 o. : :.:-- - - s'- 0 second session was held in the Memorial Hall, and .', :i . . ...„. . . ik ii: .::. , . • ' .." ', '-- ''.:ZZI.I.i 4iii. Accident at Orford New Church. took the form of a social. Songa and glees were • Heavy e....,:_aiii.,;:;.".„.4...,_ ..,:;,.. .:Tim:s;•• .7::-. .= '''•-?i,r,01,,,,,,,e'' -•.;• . "iii•s•iie.i. ;!;ii-i,ii- .--i-ii,,e,,t.:.:.:.,.:- . si•;;:i.i-isz.:,-......::,........,•....:- -i.i:i.,,..,. st ,z......,., On Monday monaing William Speirs, 55, Leonard- . rendered by the members and various games were . indulged in. Refreshments were served. Great credit , 9p. .ii.r:::,....:::•1‘,.?„ • . ~ ',' . -I\l '1......:.• ~:4.:;!:.':.;.,;•.,... , ::,Zi,:... 5.,-,,,,s'WfV),:•igli,7.nin,44 , street, was srorking at Orford New Church when he -'4W111.• t.• 7 . .;.i;'..;'..*' 4:' .- ' '., .;;?...--'.;‘?g;''',.l.' i.::.!:•;-,W:,...;. '''..`.....,a: , . . , .ie due to the committee for having made such excel- s ( . , Colds. . :wt.:"... , w.4,:_:, ~ ~,.;‘,!..x.„ . ..,. .. ,7f.,;,,,,:,'i; . ... r , ,7:,...i,:t.,:ie. ~.,, fell from a considerable height. Flis wrist was broken UNCLE '..• , , ... , , . lent arrangements. ' . - 1 and his b ck badly s rained. He was conveyed to , .. - - es m ...'ensseek- a P . Male Voice Choir. ,- ... • - $ ' ''lla'-•-. 10 ma.srais . 1 Success attended the annual social in connection 1 • Angier 's Emulsion quickly . I' - NED. '-)•- ~ ~,.„, , • ._07,. _., . ' ..', 47:4tig.•.....- ---,i..f.trx.,.4-.o.t.'A 4;',At.,0- -.- `COAGULINE," KLINKS"TEXASITINE.'--Cements , with this choir which took place at the Winmorleigh . " overcomes heavy colds. It ....., • • - 1.7-.:•'•;.? ---, Soo NA :.,.... .L, .i.,:;,:, .4;04. for broken and other articles.-Advt. Cafe the other evening. The members and friends MY DEAR CHILDREN, .• ~ .. ' ' _' :-: _.. -,.; . --. e.%: :'l 'V' '•' • - Theft of Brass. to the number of about 100 spent a most enjoyable -; fleawd df ears sin? al lyi T yae asr p, A UNIQIJE PICTURE GALLERY. / At the Lirerpool Quarter Sessions on Tuesday,: thne. The programme consisted of a whist drive - hacking cough and allays the „, ' immediately relieves the dry I wonder how many of you have been I eecently had the opportunity of inspecting -•i „, •-',.-.7..:::.:?., :•=.. -:-'''. ",44*.ikr.elft,7&:A*, r • " enjoying yourselves on the ice during the last a large number of interestin h f who had been reared entirely on that well- s photograp s o William Smith (27), ironworker, pleaded guilty to i interspersed with part songs by the choir, solos, &a. I: laetildltileasitr, children in the picture of health and strength, - haying, at Warrington, on December 21, stolen a I novel feature of the evening,a Linaerick competition, : . and chest. At the same time ‘, irritation and soreness of throat htahv : pnaor tt ..%,,• --,,,,.•::.•7,- .1.-';'",fi : .:-.. - ' .'i ;il ft Ark: '- . ,42t,,,Awrft5,'...".:.; ir) 'lumber of brass steps, Am., of the value of .£5 lls., I created much amusement among the competitors, -.. it keeps the digestive organs of England where lam living. To-day, as I °nstotwien known preparation, Neave's Food, and I could the property of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Company, some very good last lines being the result. After write this, the rain is coming down, and the no r-4 ,1,. ; mese: asseses,e,„„smseesesmasseseVessoe •.: - yr,.",4„-:.;, ,„,,,i,:k;4;'Z,...!..7;'.-.it..41',.., . IN, '7l healthy, and has a wonderfully ..- t help thinkine that if all the mothers of ' 11: •S''' ' saii..."'esF:•-e:eo734seelesSA --, :-.."3-zeS..;li See's.. I:" -' .. 19i114 •:•,•••';''.'•.'Sre---:5....r.-':-••• -"••. Limiter]. He was sent to prison for three months. awarding, the prizes to the vrinneis of the vithist drive . ice going fast. ;,441,10.15-Air •K--4"-. Ss:etl44i* esies -'- m --"...- -' / P•fs•,,t "XI !rift-t: geiee Isli Local Artist and " %inch." and Limerick competition, dancing was commenced .'& invigorating influence upon the ~ I must thank several of my members for ver England could have but one glimpse at the Y bonnie and sturdy boys and iris to be seen - . g , and kept up with zest until two o'clock when, with he 4. general health, enabling t . pretty New Year's cards received during the , 1 • ' . . , s • -•-• ' ..14.* 2*; ...':; :' .0 ..,,,,•:4.," - Veers Last week's " Punch' contained an illustration from the pen of Mr. Wilmot Lunt, son of :qr. John thanks to the excellent catering of the Cafe Company, ' 1: system the part dispersed, pleased with the arrangements' is . to throw off the cold e. last few days. A very good idea has been carried out by D. Billingham, in sending me in this unique collection, and could read the thousands of ap reciative letters from roud P P .- ' 7.‘:•:•;..44'.„W;a:L Z.ga T.unt, of Knntsford-road, Latchford. The scene isand to resist further attack. .. fathers and mothers in all parts of the world, which haYd been made for their comfort. 1 they would see to it, from that hour, that every thus described in svords " Foreman : Now then is so many nice letters every week, but when a VS e home of MISS PAULINE HODGSON, who was cured of Acute ..lucc:-7la by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills where are you four chaps; going to ? -First Workman: Shop Door Theft. .., ,;' ANGIER'S ... photo. is sent at the same time as a letter, it child of theirs should have the extra advantage Were going,to get this 'ere Plank sawn up at the saw At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, Joseph M ) brings me more into touch with my members, which always comes from such a perfect , • • Joy in a Yorkshire Homestead mill. -Foreman : What plank ? First Workman : Williams and Thomas Tre, strangers M the town, ' -. e t\hVeelphialinlokw, me, Bill, if we 'a int gone and forgotten r3ilasairledd fgrueiraltythetoahsatpeadlei negr waav epfaimr esoafraletasi,,,avaalnus . ErauLsio r.::. (petrvo;eu. with Hyponhosphltes.) '.:' and I feel as though I personally know them. I hope other members will follow her example. Will Cissy Rushby kindly send me her full diet as " Neave's." Delicate and backward children of all nationalities have been known to gain strength, weight, and vigour in a mar- ,.. ~,„ , _ .. 4LINSEEDr_7OMPOUND 'of 40 yeers' proven efficacy Sons, Horsernarket-street, about 11.35 on Monday , Of Chemists, 1/1/, 2/9 and 4/6. s: address ? With love, velloue manner after a short course of this ; a- 'is preparation, which has been described by Sir for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles.-Advt. morning.-Superintendent Monaghan said the boots , -, UNCLE NED. IA young woman, martyred by Tinmmia, and the resulting were seen at the shop doortvay by Mr. Benjamin L•ttle, ' ;i: TESTIMONIAL FROM A DOCTOR. .... . ,t. -. Charles Cameron, C.B M.D as "An excellent ~ ~ Mean Thefts. . . food of the greatest utility in supplying the Indigestion, Breathlessness and Weakness, finds Health in Thomas Warburton, of Bank street was sent to the manager, at nine o'clock, and they were also seen a. rescribe Angier 's Emulsion ~.. later, at about 11.30. The • - i : I frequently P . ~ Dear Uncle Ned -I thank you very much bone -forming and ether indispensable elements prisoners went to Jackson 8 r 4. and find it of great use in respiratory ~4 for the beautiful box of chocolates that you of food." TJNCLE NED. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. gaol for one month at the Warrington Police Court, , pawnshop, in Winwick-street, and Williams offerer] the . i 6, diseases. It is Particularly valuable in ,- have awarded to me ; I was very pleased to see , on Tuesday for stealing two trowels and a brick- s boots in pledge. Being new the manager questioned '''` ordinary colds, and if taken in time I .! my story in the " Children's Corner "-nothing hammer, the property of Isaac Hewitt and John Down. SANTA CLAUS AND THE MOUSE. prisoners about them, and they said they had bought .s• believe that it prevents the extension of „„. has pleased me more I have enjoyed myself Miss Pauline Hodgson is s tall handsome girl that the least noise, even the chirrup of the birds, The prosecutors were engaged erecting houses in them at Wigan. The manager imionned the police .-;`• the catarrh to the ....6-.-...-- •. . very much this Christmas, and have been to One Ch stead when Santa Claus disturbed me. Home-street. On the night of January 6, they placed • of nineteen veers, living at a comfortable hems- and P.C. Tolley went to the shop and took prisoners 4 lungs, saving cough and . ::. ' - several parties; I got a magic lantern off a Came to a certain house, stead at Alle'rthorpe, a few miles from the city of SAV ED FROM DEATH. • their tools in the cabin. The next morning the toola into custody. They admitted taking the boots. ---, bronchitis, and counter- 'O,GO , Christmas tree. lam taking a art in my To fill the children's stockings there, g P York. She is to day the picture of health, and the d disappeared, and from in inquiries made by the • " I took no end of doctor's •medicine, and other hadq Prisoners were tramps, and spent Sun-des night in e act mg any tendency to -4,4•-•,1,0-Isrstret ' - Is Sunda School concert earl in the New Year ; He found a little mouse. Y Y story of how that ge, od health was restored loy Dr. lice it transpired that prisoner had pledged one of the W rkho -Th remedies, but seemed to grow worse. My motl,er PS' ~o use. pa were sent to gaol for a month 4-" ''....m s consumption. I will write to you again, and tell you all " A merry Christmas, little friend," the trowels. :' two of my own , --.0,,,g4.:-.5 ~ Will Pink Pills is interesting and remarkable. had frequently heard of wonderful cures by Dr. with hard labour. about it. Your loving nephew, Said Santa Claus, so kind. She had experienced in the most acute form the Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and she MORE LIGHT AT LESS COST.-" Osram " Electric IVIOUNTAIN FLAX (Lremat CATHARTICUM) PILLS ' children taking it at the , ....-'21'..".r... ' . WILLIAM B. FARRAR. The same to you, sir," said the mouse; • es- miseries that result from Anmmia and Indig , insisted I should try some. I did so, and I can Lamps do this and more. Full details from the An agreeable aperient. Worth a trial 91d -Ad .s .- vt. - present time. 4, ', 3,01..5.19--V : 4% ....s.- , [Many thanks for the pretty card you sent " I thought you would not mind, local agent.-J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge street,(signed) L. S. A. ci. ' me.-UNcrE NED.) If I stay awake to-night, tier. indeed at one time life was almost unendur- now say that had not Dr. Williams Pink Pills Warrington.-Advt. Warrington Leather Trade. .. . , -it .....oifoi 7,:- ' , able. The scourge of Anmmia held her as in a been introduced into our house, and been the.-,- , . A FREE SAMPLE 6 ,---,---- v - ,__ And watch you for awhile." vice, and she was one of its most afflicted victims, f death would have been to me means omy cure, The Manchester and Liverpool and District "The Leather Trades' Review " says :-The amount of business lately ' ' % s transacted in Warrington 11 Mssr,&-see:. TOO LATE. " You're very welcome, little friend," Her suffering grew greater as year followed year ; welcome. Banking Company, Limited. on receipt of 3d. postage. .+10.001., ( If you've a tender message, Said Santa, with a smile ; has not been particularly great. It is true that this is ANGIERCHEMICALOO.I ___, --:7----- .. , And then he filled the stockings up, and then, when her Case seemed hopeless, a "The complete change from misery to perfect A meeting of the shareholders of the Manchester Or a loving word to say, the normal state of affairs at this time of the veer, as 32 Snow Hill, London. E.G. Before the mouse could wink; wonderful chance took place. health did not, of course, take place at once. and Liverpool District Banking Company, Limited, Don't wait till you forget it,• after the middle of December trade falls away to a From toe to top, from top to toe, But whisper it to-day. " I called at this lady's homestead," the reporter Improvement, however, was prompt. was held on Thursday, at the head office .. minimum, but this year the holidays appear to have - There wasn't left a chink. writes, " and in the cosy oarlonr '.l iss TI, agson A MARVELLOUS CIPINGE. of the Bank in Spring Gardens, Manchester, Sir We live but in the present, interfered more than usual with it Trade during the _ told me the details of her illness and Bu-1)81mi-tent " I even detived a slight relief from the first Edward Donner,Bart., chairman of the Bank,presiding. - The future is not known; cure by Dr. Williams • • ' Pink Pills. It was hard box of pills. I then purchased a second box, and The report of the Directors, recommending a dividend year just ended was above the average in volume' all To-morrow is a mystery, Said Santa Claus with pride. . the yards being fully employed. Financially' the INDEPENDENT ORDER OF A twinkle came in mouse's eyes, to believe that this charming girl with the bloom after taking them the change became so for the half-year of 21s. a share, free from income To-day is all our own. of health on her cheeks could have been the marled that I was satisfied I had discovered a tax was adopted. Resolntions were passed (subject results, it is to be feared, will not compere very favourably with those of the preceding year, as froin RECHABITES. The tender words unspoken, But humbly he replied: " It's not polite to say it, and victim of Anmmia, and almost at the point of remedy in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. My appetite to confirmation by a second extraordinary general The letters - never sent; the tanners point of view the outs-tending feature of Your pardon I implore, • death. began to increase, and then I could take and meeting) extending the provisions of the memorandum the year has been the great depreciation in value of The long-forgotten message, But in the fullest stocking there ALMOST LIFELESS TRIICTGEI ANMMIA. enjoy solid food without suffering from Indiges- of association of the company to include power to The wealth of love unspent- offals. The outlook for the year just opened is so far John Dimond Juvenile Tent. breaking, I could put one thing more. "I became almost Melees when I was fifteen tion. I persevered with Dr. Williams Pink PillS. undertake the office of trustee. executor, adminis-• For these some hearts are " Oh, ho l " said Santa, " siily mouse, promising. Inquiries during the last few days have _____ years of Age," she said. "My face turned ashen and soon felt stronger in every limb. When I trator, treasurer, or any other office of trust or confi- For these some loved ones wait; Don't I know how to pack ? been numerous, and some very good business has been oale, and my eyes became dark and sunken. I had taken several boxes of the pills I felt that deuce, and to keep from any municipal or other done. It is a v h f 1 • h 11 h d • ery ripe u item tata t e yar sin The annual meeting and prize distribation of th- So show them that you care for them By filling stockings all these years, above juvenile tent took la in the Tent Room pce , Before it is too late. N. A. CLEGG. lost all strength, and my appetite failed me. The new blood was coursing through my veins. corporation, company, government or bods., an'Y this district are now in work a • h 1 f I • I should have learned the knack." least food Fent sharp stabbing pains through rny " All the village wondered at my.enarvelleas register relating to any stocks, funds, shares or ti gain, t e ast o tte Frtars' Green school on Wednesday eveninm There was * And then he took the stocking down unemployed " (the yard formerly worked b M I d f b ' y r. a arge atten ance o mem ers,and also a good asserabl chest and back. Fits of dizziness seized me cure, for instead of weakly draggmg myself securitiee and to undertake any duties in relation to Y Dear 'Uncle Ned,-I aM sending a little gift From where it hung so high, Dakin) having been resuscitated, and this will sh tl of the members' parents present. or y, after the least exerciee. When I went upstairs I along when I went out I could walk with a quick, the registration of transfers, issue of certificates or for some poor child, and I hope you will like And said : "Now put in one thing more believe, be in full working order. The ISev. J. RUGLASS, superintendent minister of the gasred and fought for breath and on reachin,g elastic step. lam grateful because Dr. Williams' otherwise. At a subsequent meeting of the directors, it. I hope it is not too late, as I could not STRFA . KY BACON 6d. per lb. at Warrington Primitive Methodist Circuit, presided, and I give you leave to try." my bedroom I often fainted and fell. My breath- Pink Pills restored me to perfect health." Mr. Angus A. Cr. Tullock was appointed as an ASHLEY'S.-Advt. • • get it in before this time. I wish you and all spoke to the children and parents in a homely and - The little mouse smiled to himself, • became difficult; every time I drew my breath nog .Here is an instance of the unique power of additional managing director. Colonel Langford-Brookes Will. forceful manner on the evils of intemperance, and the members of the C.C.L. a Happy New Year! And then he softly stole . ' sharp pains arose round the heart. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People in making " °slum " ELECTRIC LA.MPS.-Double the light Ths will of Colonel Harry Lewis Brooke Langford- advised them to be prepared when tempted to take BEATRICE CHEESMAN. 17p to the stocking's crowded toe, "Slowly and surely Anmmia drained my Rich, Good Blood in abundance, so imparting ;t half the cost. See Windowm-Agent :J. S. Brooke, of Mere Hall, Knutsford, has been proved, the strong drink to act like true men and women, and [Many thanks, Beatrice, for your gift, and And gnawed a little hole I er o. e a been engaged in the temperance also for kind wishes.-UNCLE NED.] " Now, if you please, good Santa Claus, strength Until I fell away to a skeleton. I con- energy and health to weak systems. In this way GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.-Advt. value of the estate being sworn at z£10,047, of which arks work nearly a is ie, and had been a member of the tin ually fel t exhausted . My cheeks became they have cured Anmmia, indigestion, Neuralgia, Mr. FR. Roberts Lectures on Greece. V,171 18s. Bd. is net persenality. The w R hb t 0 ill which is ec ai e rer or over years, an in is experience d f 30 d h A village schoolmaster received a letter from I've put in one thing more ; For IS r you will own that little hole sunken and drawn, and a haggard grey expres- Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Paralysis, Back- dated September 28th 1903 gives his wife an imme had seen some sad cnses of men and women being At the meeting of the Literary and Philosophical di at .4 '• - . g the mother of one of his pupils who had been sion same over my features. My tontme was ache, St. Vitus' Dance, After-Effects of Influenza late egacv of I_oo ; his nephew- and godson, brought to poverty and crime through strong drink Was not in before." Society held in `the Masonic Hall, Bold-street, o absent the previous day :-" Dear Sir,-Please furred and coated with a thick yellow sub- and Women's Ailments. The full name, Dr. Monday n alontague White f.,500 ; his coachman, Richardson, if Bro. G. GALLOP (secretary) presented the following How Santa Claus did laugh and laugh! evening Mr. F. R. Roherts delivered a • h. •r, excuse Tommy not being at school yesterday, And then he gaily spoke : stance. a bitter acid taste arising from my Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, is on every h• hl • I t "S historic ig y interesting ec tire on "Some scenes report :-We commenced the year with a membership in is service at the time of his death, £lOO ; and all • the •• • ' as he fell in the mud. By doing the same you "Well! shall h Ch • t I you eve a ns mas c ieese, stomach that made me deathly sick. r direct from the packaize. Sold by all dealers, o. in Greece." He described the enjoyable tour which T ' • servants with fiveyears' re-() se t e one year's wages. of 195. During year we have initiated 44 new members and also admitted one by clearance. We have will greatly oblige, etc." A. RILEY. " I was never free from Neuralgia, and every Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, o Mrs. Jessie Shutt, his daughter's old nurse, he For that nice little joke." he took under the auspices of the Hellenic Travellers I transferred five members into the Adult Tent, tooth in my head ached. I became so bloodless London, post free 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. eaves an annuity of £25, relying upon the discretion to Wycliffe Juvenile Tent and 20 members have been FRANS TATTERSALL. Club and particularly touched upon the historic 0 THEN THE DONKEY BRAYED. 0 that my hands and body became clammy and for six boxes. Send postcard for an attractive f his wife and daughter to increase the same accord- lapsed through arrears and various other causes. I am Olympia and the famous athletic snorts. Patnaos was i A young man was once proceeding along the THE RIDDLE OF RIDDLES. cold and constant sleeplessness was added to my I book (post free) entitled "Maoy Things Worth an views were show n e cavetradition- described,d •f the •ng to her length of service. His family pictures are sorry to say that we have also lost three members road on•a, beautiful horse, when he overtook a The riddle of riddles it leaps and it skips- trials. When I got up in the morning only with I Knowing." ally asseciated with the writing of the Revelation by left M his brother, William White and the rest through death, which leaves our membership at the end , ."How goes the i • difficulty could I stand. I became so nevvous ,of his furniture,•householdHenry-effects, ' • horses carriages of 1907 at 208, showing a net increase for the year of 13 witt3 old monk on a g 'Tis seen in the eyes, and it che3.ts on the lips ; St. John, the old and new monasteries of St John and ,ic ~0 .i. ....... . ' • --' members. With reference to the financial statement, we ass, father? "he asked. "On horseback, my It seldom is found, though oftentimes read ; , t tis with absolutely. mile residue of his estate • other interesting scenes. Delos, the home of the ; is left to his wife aI d h d h • • n aug ter an t e survivor, with started with a management balance in hand of £23 Os.Bd. son, on horemback," returned the old man. 'Tis sometimes a feather. and now and then THE REMEDY FOR PEOPLE IN -WARRINGTON IS famous Confederacy and the most sacred of the d after meeting all ex enses for f request that in the event of their the ear we have a thqeir successfully all P Y • R. RILEY. lead, places devoted to the cult of Apollo, a small island e re y balance in hand of £25 16s. 2d., .£2 Iss. 6d. gain. ----4.---- If it meets with its match, 'tis happily caught, realizing his investments in and about Winnipeg, in Mrs. Fe V. Walker presented book prizes to the FRED'S MISTAKE. If money can buy it, 'tis not worth a groat. i ruins 0 barely three miles long and literally covered with 'tag (now being opened up by the French) d to, the thhei s lectureraeeaaa account sec; titre thepile se neyir broken ektheee _ 111 statuary and pottery and other valuable relics of classical art which were to be had for the asking. ringon the Dojinion of Canada a sum n was shall be invested on behalf of his sister, Edith exceedingElit REVOLUTION INELECTRIC LIGHTINGs.-: OSIMW " Stanley ycle r,B Yates, at :lenge' Electric Lamps reduce your current Bill one .-Advt. hvir£h4itoeo LoNvirsiign&f73rearyeutterwainad, punctualari.n Lewisrtttend AlrettUT= 1,,y1 Elizabeth y Gallop,j.iieyVigf: ecaGraelyli:adJi joahmn FrAed earned as fromps school the ldfirbst half-year, And wished to show to all around hsIT. E. Carey, Arthur Hamblett, Elsie Hardnaan, William How smart a boy was he. Hardman, Harold Johonson, Alice Furnival, William So when at dinner he began: Answer: The heart. -s- G. M. CLARE. " Halloa, my boy," said the kind old gentle- man to a youngster whom he saw coming out of the savings bank with a book in his hand. .. •N. iews of the Parthenon and other remains at Athens The Adult School Movement. ElsieJonersEva Jones. Amy Littlewood,Doris Littlewood " are you saving money ?" " Yes, sir." " How were &flown. Next the lecturer described a visit to Two roasted chickens on that dish, - For the Sundays • " past two services in connection- ' William Kay Fred Jones, Arthur Atherton, Robert much have you got in the •bank ?" " Eight INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODDFELLOWs Albert E. Bu PG T P -P Burdett (Constitution Lodge), and . . . . Forbes (Olive Branch Lod R flak ria the scene ofofthe most famous •te , e one Lodge) who withdrew from the exploits during the Peloponnesian War, and also with the above movement have been held at the Atherton, Jessie Atherton, Laura Murray, Albert . Murray William Murray, Florence Dirnelow, A But I can prove there's three. Ada ' First this is one, and that is two, shillings, sir. I did have thirteen, but father Briti • sh Workman Coffee House, Horsemarket-street. got into straitened financial circumstances, MANCHESTER UNITY. contest. famous by reason of the Battle of Nayarino, freight in These •• • services, which are making satisfactory pro- Li ttl ew'ood, Robert E. Jones, Coruena Jones, David As plain as plain can be. and I had to draw five The voting resulted in the appointment of P.G. the waters at its foot in 1827, when Admiral Codring-M uld Pmy Ri by Harold Holford, Frank Holford, You add the one on to the two, LESLIE PADLEY. - Freeman by a large majority, and he was then unani- ton destroyer] the Turkish fleet and brought to a Sunday . ress, and are well attended, will be continued from Ar°thu; Sae,uke Stgan-le Sake Jack Thom g Yi Y n Y, pson, Doris And two and one make three." -___-•-__ mously elected. triumphant issue the Greek War of Independence.- e Nse • to Sunday. At the meeting on Sunday the Thompson, Mona Chrimes. . " Just so 1" answered his papa; SHE HADN'T BENT HER. Warrington District. It was resolved that PP.G.M. P. P. Bradshaw, Prot,. The lecture wee beautifully illustrated, Mr. William ew Year a Letter from the National Council to all Bro. Arthur Sankey the winner of the book prize was o "If what you say is true C. S. Webster, P.G.T.P. Forbes and N.G. Georg H. W. Adult Schools " was read. We give the following given by 111r.Heroert W.Naylor, Sankey-street,for intro- i In a certain school, in which drawing from Parkinson manipulating the lantern On the motion Mamma will take one, I will take one, --- Steel represent the district at the next Conference extracts from it :-" We belong to an advancing diming the lariiest num . ber of new members in John the model is taught, a little girl was seated in The annual meeting of this Society was held at the Meeting to be held at Blackburn in February. f M TECb g ddb MJLldhll r. . . el son, secon eyr. . ong an ,t e s s, , , Dimond juvenile tent during the year 1907, having movement and every year our adult school oppor- • h • The third we'll leave for you." a chair on the platform, and her companions Pelican Hotel Buttermarket-street, Warrington on The minor officers were re-elected. . . lecturer and the lantermist were heartily thanked. t s• •• • • • introduced 15. Two Past Chief Rulers' sashes were pro- urn tes t and responsibilities increase aud widen. H. WRIGHT. were told th draw what they saw. One tiny Saturday. Prov G.M.W. Holbrook presided and was A grant of £3 35.. was .voted to the Prov. C.S The meeting was presided over by Mr. A. J. Jolley. sented to Sister Elsie Jones and Bro. Harold Johnson maid had a sketch of the chair and a small with the ~ ,-, „ ~ Across the sea, too, in Canada, and Amerimi and for their services in passing through the various offices supported by Prov D G.M. Lot Brooks P.P.G.M.T.P. Webster for his services in connectione OT r-TME r-ORK ztAUSAGES try ASFILEV'S.-Advt. A PAIR OF THEM. figure standing in front of it. "Mary," said Bradshaw, Prov C.o. Frank Webster and P.G.T. Wads- revision of the District Rules. Australia, our ideals are finding their wa and our of the tent. y, d officers was worth (treasurer) District Officers, with a full comple- The installation of the newly appointed d m. PUBLIC RENEFEL-TiNDER Tem CLOCK FOR REST bond of brotherhood is extending. Better still is it A vote of thanks was moved by Sister Elsie Jones and A young Irishman, in want of twenty-five Brews TN T.ANCASHIRE.-Advt. the teacher, " didn't I say draw Amelia as you see her? Don't you see she is sitting in the ster ment of delegates. There was also a iarge number of impressively performed by the retiring Gian ... , to see that the adult school is striking its roots seconded by Bro. Harold Johnson to Mrs. Walker for pounds, wrote to his uncle, as follows:- members in attendance. * the Grand Master and D.G.M. elect suitably responding. Coming of Age Festivities. ever deeper into the social and religious presenting the prizes, Rev. J. Bugloss for so ab . Ily pre- Dear Uncle -If you could see how I blush chair, and not standing in front of it ? ' Tears The corresponding secretary presented the accounts It vvas resolved that a P.P.G.M. Gold Jewel suitably if k f his s'r• Gilbert Ireland Blackburne. eldest son of life of its members and of the nationcame into the child's e ee. She was not under- siding, and to the singers and reciters for the admirable 1 for shame while I am writing, you would pity Y for the past quarter which showed that the claims for engraved be presented to P.P.G.M. W., Holbrook or' entertainment. This was heartily carried. The Rev. J.B. ' nee. Do you know why? Because I have to stood. "But I had'nt got to it," she said. "I t Colonel Robert Ireland-Ella cklnirne, CR., of Hale Hall, Our movement is not growing in numbers funeral benefits were unnsually heavy, the suns of £lBO services to the district, the presentation to be made a Buelass and Mr. E. V. Walker responded. I ask you for a few pounds, and I do not know was just going to bend her down when you rang having been paid out in respect of such claims. The a Smoking Concert to he held at some future date at and Lord of the Manor of Hale on Tuesday came of only, but in some measure, w t t • st e rus ,in rength and Six new members were proposed and accepted for how to express myself. It is impossible for me the bell." FLORENCE E. DARK. T - • k d'b •• • age. ie occasion was mar e v great rejoicing at character. The adult school stands for these two membership of the tent. balance sheet for the year disclosed that after paying the Admiral Nelson Lodge. to tell you.; I prefer to the. I send you this by • funeral benefits to the extent of £430 the gain to the The meeting concluded with the usual vote of thanks. the hall rind in the village and neighbourhood. A hs B ith means men may be educated members trut. . y y ucated and Oranges and apples were distributed to the messenger, who will wai‘ for an answer.- - CONUNDRUMS. l fund f the year was £232 2s. 3.1., the total It is interesting to note that Bro. Lot Brooks is the number ef presentations were made. - Mr. John equipped for the battle of life ; not so much by things funeral or , and friends at the close of the sntertainment, 1,tn,1 a Believe me. my dearest uncle, your most Why is anger like a potato ?-It shoots from amount of the fund now standing at £3058 9s. 10d. first Grand Master in the history of the District Whith, on behalf of the tenantry of Hale and Warring- which they learn, as by the marvellous power of most pleasant and successful meeting was.broug t o a obedient and affectionate NEPHEW. the eye. There was also an increase in membership of 40. belonging to the Navigation Lodge, Cadishead, and 00, t presented a massive silver rose-bowl to Mr. fellowship. The school provides, or ought to provide, close about 9.0 o'clock by singing the closing od P.G. Smithson (Constitution Lodge) was elected needless to say the appointment has been received with During the evening songs were given y Sisters ode, E. PS.-Overcome with shame for. what I have What nation will always overcome in the end? Gilbert Blackburne -In making thepresentation, Mr for the culture of each man by association with his District auditor. great jubilation by the members of that Lodge and . ,d ' I h 'the en- -Determination. Gallop and Elsie Wright, Bro. William Barton, an written, have been running after e mess P.G. Whitlow, of the Loyal Trafford Lodge, was District generally. said..g elected a trustee of the District in the place of P.G. si:s - honour of being made the medium of conveying to book club, or coal club, or sick club, or Bible lesson, Putative!. cannot catch him. Heaven grant that something is made into little Pats. . Charles E. Ardern resigned. Colonel Blackburne the good wishes of the tenantry just as much as the social gnthering or neighbourly _ may happen to stop him, or that this letter may What trees are the same aftei being burned BroaCK SMOKE NUISA'NCE. The report of the Grand Master and Board of • • . on his coming of age. History was said to repeat kindness is a means of training those hidden powers belost. JACK. as they were before?-Ashes. N lki t In consequence of a complaint by the New os on .' d life, " The Atherton Spinning Company has a profit for the , - Directors was received and adopted. itself, a •nd 'Veld done so on that occasion. He felt it aof fellowship an of which all men are in need. he If Dick's father be John's eon, what relation • Improvement Association against the nuisance arising 'past six months equal to 38 per cent r annum and is The uncle was equal to the occasion, so For the position of Lodge Book Examiners four candi- h hdbe f chimney great honour to have that duty to perform, cause 0 Nor is this fellowship merely a personal friendship • a• • ' P ' per ' fellows M d Ts k Console is Dick to John t-Grandson. dates were nominated and the ballot resulted in the from the emission of black smoke from various i, paying a tvidend of 13 per cent. per annum repliedas :- y ear dc ,- . Why is a philanthropist like an old horse ?-- election of P.P.G.M. T. P. Bradshaw (Prince of Wales in Failswortb. Mr. Rook, the Superintendentt. h chef the the cordial relations that had always existed good enough as that is. It is an attitude of mind the Bolton Union Spinning Company hal; a profit yourself and blush no longer. Providence has Lodge) end P.G.W. Dennett (Alderman Nelson Lodge.) Sanitary Committe . .e of Manchester Corpora ion, as e ween e enan sone es e are ean - 1-; t th t t th tat Ith 1 d towards society around us." equal to 50 per cent, per annum for the half-year. heard your prayers. The messenger lost your Because he always stops at the sound of woe. The following Deputies were appointed to represent th D. t • t Co intimated to the Failswor ifi ve. 'moilthat the lord. Hcordially congratulated ee the District at the next A.M.C. at Cardiff, viz. :- city authorities may be compeli et t e o proceed against d squire on attaining his majority, and on the Relieves Asthma and difficult breathing.-Advt. --4--. P.P.G.M. JEMI PS Massey (Prince of Wales Lodge) and the offenders. good feeling which still existed among all of Order of Druids, Warrington Equalized her ren eth " is a There is something saddening about a pair of " One soweth and anot p , P.G. John A. Wright (Navigation Loc ge.) CHEAPER POSTAGE TO FRANCE AND them.-Canon Morley Stevenson spolse on behalf of District. EyE DisEAsEs scissors. Alas I they meet but to sever. verity that applies to evil as well as good. Prov. D.G.M. Lot Brooks (Navigation Lodge) vitas GERMANY. the Warrington tenants of whom he happened to be -4---. + unanimously elected Prov. rand . d P G Master for the Mr. Sydney Buxton, Postmaster-General at Edin- The annual meeting of the members of the above 'of the in Warrington, one., as a representative College " Bridget, you've broken as much china this Editor (to aspiring writer): " You should present year. burgh, on Wednesday, drew attention to an importantorder was held on Saturday, at the Blue Lion Hotel. winch rented two very old houses Orford Hall and Cured without Operation month as your wages amount to. Now, how write so that the most ignorant can understand The names of three candidates appeared for the posi- reduction in postal rates to France and Germany, , tion of Prov. D.G. Master, and great interest was taken whereby one ounce could be sent for 2h• h had be •' B 1 kb Id. instead of 5d., Fairfield Hall, so icbeen in the ac urne The District Grand Mastet (Bro. George Houghton) Interesting and convincing Book POST FREEprevent this occurring again?" on can we . what you mean." presided, and wished all present " Amery happy and mentioning "War • E • " , in this appointment. The me-r.bers nominated were and two ounces for 4d. instead of 10d. The public, he family for a long time.He ventured to think that such rington aanuner Address : "01 don't know, mum, unless yea raises meAspirant:"Well, prosperous New Year." The quarterly and annual 1155 lOXIOrd Rd. wages." p don't you understand, sir?" _ P.P.3.F. Freeman (Prince of Wales Lodge), P.G. said, seemed unaware of these reductions. occasions and such gatherings as that could hardly MELLOR Eye Specialist 9 balance sheets were presented b h District Sy t e Secretary, 5 MRNIEHRSTRR I occur in any other country than our own. There wasr Bro. B Edward Allen, and showed that, though the sick . plainly encouraged in the no land where the squire and tenantry could come MERRYWEATRER A living had been given to a gentleman who, Informers are pay had been very heavy during the year, there was up to that date, had held a chaplaincy at a State of Georgia. Here is a unique paragraph together and enjoy the generous hospitality as in an increase in the sick and funeral funds of 1291 ON gaol. On his first Sunday in his new parish from a rural newspaper:- England. Mr Gilbert Blackburne ex res h rt - • P sed his ea y thanks for the mag,nificent presents that they had given 10s. Bd. The election of officers for the ensuing year, WATER SUPPLY 6c FIRE PROTECTION he preached an old sermon, which, unfortu. " Any person driving over this bridge faster resulted as follows : -Bro. John Jackson cl* • , 'strict OF nately, he had neglected to revise, than a walk shall, if a white man, be fined five him, and said they would remain amongst the most- randg master ; Bro. CI-. Shaw, deplty district grand County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report " I see," he began, "some of you here, my dollars, and, if a negro, receive twenty-five , cherished possessions of the family. \.. \' \ - master ; Bro. R. Perdue, distnct treasurer ; Bro. E. on Existing Arrangements. friends, for the first time, and I hope sincerely lashes-half the penalty to be bestowed on the r--- .-..-- ' LIN SEE D COMPOUND,' Trade Mark of Kay Allen, district corresponding secretary ; Bro. J. Gillin, Write for Pamphlets Merryweather St Sons it may be the last!" informer." . , ee I"lmm.-,. - • ' . • .----e---=.-----..._ .-"_._.s- ---t------ --------zse-e---------ssese"\\\s- \'`''s -N -.3 Com ound Essence of Linseed for Couehs St Colds .--Advt P - b district auditor. An adjournment was then made for 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C. ----- ---- - ----- - se- •------.1-‘" ''-m----r-‘ \ lerg ~..--_,..2.4,,, ~,,,wi delegates and friends, who numbered nearly sixty,•FO T 0 BALLS were very agreeably surprised by the arrival of two CHILDREN 6 __,.,_ _, , __ _, of the honorary members of the order (Councillor ......ITh Given away weekly. m Locker and Mr. F. R. Roberts) in time to partake of *ATilics Zam-BuL the only Scientific Cure. -------2- --- .-E-----'-' tea with them. After tea the adjourned meeting was SLEEP WELL Every competitor receives something - ~ _-_-;.---_:-.----.,---z--- ---- • a------,-M-emmess--- continued by the installation of the newly-elected when they are healthy and their EVERY TUESDAY during DECEMBER, JANUARY The cutting winds and driving snows of the `S,-m---m.--------s---- officers who received words of advice and encourage- Winter months play havoc with the tender ment from the retiring Grand Master. A pleasing TINS. ----- food is doing its proper work. and FEBRUARY we will give away SIX SPLENDID FOOTBALLS for the six most interesting Postcards skin of your face, hands, and wrists. feature of the meeting was the ' presentation THE BEST FOOD IS we receive during the preceding week. YOU CAN Housewives, shop girls outdoor workers school of a framed illuminated emblem of the order , . PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either to Bro. J. Wood, the junior district grand master, Neaveifs Food A GOOD :JOKE STORYETTE, CONUNDRUM, children-all sorts and conditions of people-0 for his services during tlae three years he had PUZZLE, SISETCI'I, or anything else that you tlaink is are already experiencing that unpleasant " feel " UT A MAIER - • iLteresting-ANYTHING B ICK and if been in office. After the usual loyal and patriotic which heralds the dreaded chapped condition. C NCES mon the SIX hest received in h your postcard is a g t e toasts had been given by the Chairman, the quartette Many are also suffering severely with scaly "In absence " was splendidly rendered by Messrs. which for more than So years has week in which it is sent, you will receives FOOTBALL. To every competitor, be he or she PRIZE WINNER patches that worry and disfigure, burn and White, Shaw, Mellor and Mellor. The toast of "'She CURE THE WORST COUGH helped to preserve and build up the or not, will he sent a sample bottle of smart fiercely, and make the skin look quite Warrington District "was proposed by Bro. Shaw, the young life of the Country. 'When MASON'S unsightly in its state of red roughness and newly-elected vice-grand master. Songs were rendered prepared according to the direc- by Messrs. Derbyshire and Rose, and a cornet solo plANos A oRGANs rawness- • The trouble is beyond the reach of toilet (Gounod's Serenade) by Mr. Allison. The toast of 1 tons given, it is easily digested and COFFEE ESSENCE. ' The Visitors and Honorary Members " was proposed assimilated by the most delicate creams and cheap salves which possess no I by Rro. W. Bibby, who congratulated Bro. Couucillor I Infant and forms ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY: medicinal power whatever. Zarn-Suk is the All the Best Makers. I Newhall 12 Mason Nottingham. Locker upon the honour conferred upon him on A COMPLETE DIET. only scientific balm which, in addition to _ becoming a member of the Town Council, and also P banishing chaps, cold-sores, and roughness, impart In 1/- & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets. . is the pleasure it gave to himself and all the delegates, 1 a new healthiness to the skin itself. Beware or recog- to see both Mr. Locker and Mr. F. R. Roberts at their • PHONOGRAPHS, DISC MACHINES & RECORD S coarse salves possessing no medicinal merit, and arld's s‘ss meetings. After songs by Ur. F. W. White, Mr. Rosel STOCKTAKING SALE THROUGHOUT JANUARY - . - only2oo YEARS A SECRET. for which no curative power is claimed. Zam-Buk 'ki,,.. and Mr. Mellor, Councillor Locker thanked the GREAT REDUCTIONS. I DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS , balin -ame in. I is a medicine and skin food. )usehold „. to Cenada congratulations He would members for their hearty _ • - I Are a new remedy, whieh have a marvellous effect in euring GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES. Smear the hands with Zam-Buk and let its rich herbal ...netnists for " ' , ..,mployment at the - only be delighted to hel p them in the work they were . 1 I3ackache, Lumbago, Goat, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all 1 diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet For I'oo Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been , 9d per boxkept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all he results. After a few doses 1 yt horue cwti 1 titsvae tiloatyj; oatnt ednv.t. a Icthyt ~;isessauct;ilTi,2JTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and Juices soak through the pores into the tissues-this will ..,, 6(1 size contains nearly , .oi.rmy had been asked byf he sick aud distressed, and also in any ' doing or t S absolutely cure the skin disease of which chaps and 4 times the ls lid.) ea Columbia to send out 1,000 other way which woul ad da •to their pleasures and hou ever knew the terrible pain uaements Mr F. R. Roberts also thanked the I of Backache, &c. . cold-sores are the first signal. ~- whom work was guaranteed, and am ' • .• • • It at once soothes and heals. and cannot hurt the 1 ' Write at once enclosing i e stamps for one box or 33 stamps . . . i . most would sail on February 20th. The fare members for their hearty welcome, and reviewed in a 1 1& 13 BERRY STREET for 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO.. delicate skm, la many cases o very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Free for 1 short speech the work of the 1 everpool, London or Glasgow, to Vancouver, . ling a week's railway journey and board,was £l6. had also been asked to send a party of female ings he had attended in .Present and other meet- that room He showed that f."dshade. all societies had their times o sunshine. an Top of Bold Street, 9 ____ 63, NILSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LOS UON , .S.E, • I4stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH. ond 200 domestfc servants to Canada, and The Warrington • Dlstriet had had their time of shade, • - --1 -_ A diutant Hanna who e sunshine of roserity an but had now got into th . ... _. ..- ~. • - good fellowship p , which he hoped would ong continued LIVERPOOL. . Other songs were given by Messrs. Mellor, Williams, ' Mellor, White, Poulton, and Rushton : a cornet solo WRITE OR CALL FOR ILLUSTRATED , ' CATALOGUE . by Mr. Allison; and a recitation by Mr. Henry Mainley. I

The Salvation Army's Immigration Work. Adjutant Hanna, of the Salvation Army Canadian Immigration, Toronto, delivered an interesting lecture on "Canada " in the Salvation Army Hall, Academy- street, on Monday evening. Some remarkable statistics with regard to the immigration work of the Army were first given by Mr. McCarthy, an Army officer from London, who explained that they had come to Warrington to give disinterested advice. During three-and-a-half years there had Failed to Canada under their auspices over 30,000 persons. From January to October last year 15,000 sailed, while they booked 719 persons to other parts of the world,. The Salvation Army had no free pmsages, as some people imagined. They were shipping and booking agents, and were making a decent business out of it and the more profits they made, the better they liked it. They charged the same rates as ordinary shipping ' agents and got the same profits, but those profits, instead of going to private individuals went towards assisting, by way of loan, needy persons who went to Canada. By that means the Army last year advanced £10,592, and £2,512 bad been repaid. As the money was repaid they advanced it to other suitable persons. At the present time their funds were low, and they had on their hands between 300 and 400 suitable families, whom they were pledged to assist to the extent of £7,850 as the money came in. Of the 30,000 persons they had conveyed to Canada, not more than 100 were out of employment at the present time. The Salvation Army had been asked by the Government in British Columbia to send out 1,000 men and women, for whom work was guaranteed, and the first party would sail on February 20th. The fare from Liverpool, London or Glasgow, to Vancouver, including a week's railway journey and board,was £l6. They had also been asked to send a party of female machinists and 200 domestfc servants to Canada, and good wages were guaranteed.—Adjutant Hanna, who has spent all his life in Canada, then gave an interest- ing account of his experiences, and spoke of the needs of that country. His observations were illustrated by limelight views.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

JANUAR Y.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Fttend A ARRINGTON

Acton budge-7 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 2 55, 0 35, 6 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 58, 11 42, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 439, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8 p.m Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60 p.m. a . Wednesdays and Saturdays ouly. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5,30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. al 54, 439, 6 28,7 20,8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays S 43, IMP, 6 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 817, 8 58, 65, 10 28, 1130 a.M. 12 30, 140, 158, 230, 3 19, 4 22,4 45,5 6, 64, 7 54,8 5,10 18,11 35 11. 57, p.m. Sundays-8 42, 10 45 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 1225, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 39, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 1230, 2 30, 3 19, 64,7 44 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25,1 15,2 45,3 45,3 50, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8,7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 746, 835, 843 a.m. 5 10,60, 757, 954 p.m. Fiddle's' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 240, 80 p.m. Ftodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 7 54,8 5,10 20,a1 1 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 350, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.a. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 319, 56, 64, 744, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 841 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 50 88, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpin), Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40, 5 35, 7 5, 7 54, 8 5, 8 50, 95, 9 50, 10 35, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50. 1 10, bl 13,1 50,2 17, 2 50, 3 13,3 50, 3 56,4 5,4 10,4 50, 5 2, 5 50, 62, 7 5, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, 10 15, 1040, blO 42, bll 15,11 39,11 52 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40, 535,90, 9 55,11 20 a.m. 220, 239, 446, 6 22, 7 10, 828, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 823, 919, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 20. 7 8, 740, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40. 3 28,5 10, 60, bO, 188 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, 030, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-Wl-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b 7 11, 85, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 1219, 115, 241, 2 45, 3 31, 350,426,515, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, d 9 40, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 515, 60, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. d Mondays and Saturdays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 955, 10 55, 1122. 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 155 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55,6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. SundayA 9 22, 10 IS, 11 22 A.m 30, 3 15, 4 57, -50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, I 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays, 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, b 4 45,5 30,7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50,4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 33, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p m. Sankey-7 5, 8 2,9 5, 10 0; 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 80, 90, blO 0, 1110 42,11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 7.13.111. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. _ _Sankey Bridges_7 30 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 2 4020, pm. 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 Sundays, 9 5 a.m. , 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7-40. 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only, Southport C.L.C.-7.5,8.35, 0.36, 10.25, 11.2, 12 0 a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 2,b6.20,6 30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, m. Sundays, 9.35' am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelvvall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59,,9 55,10 53, Cm. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610,725, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 33, 9 88, 1055, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 3 50, 446, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0.9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)7 5, 95, 10 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bll3. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 90, alO o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, b Saturdays "17. Sundays 90, 935 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

TO WARRINGTON FROM 113A0onto..n_ Bridge-6 41,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 30, a a We°dldla3v6; 71120 820 nSu 5759 a m. 4 42 p.m. d atnrdays only. Blackpool (L N.-w.)-7 50, .8 25 9 55, 1020, 11 10,a.m.1 15,a1 30,3 8,5 8,6 43,8 15,8,30,b9 10, 19 5, blO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 15, 4 59, 3 50, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays anclSaturdays only. b Saturdays only. a Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. ec N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, ,47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 8 43, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.rn. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, hi 20, 7 23, 8 41/, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 4 10, 5 15, 523 , , 6 30, 7 25 8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25, 4 20,6 40, 7 15 a.m. 6 55 p.m. b N 1 ondzys excepted. aNlondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-6 30, 79, 845, 1624, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 20, 35,4 1. 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 96, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. • Daresbury-8 11, 1017,11 18 a.m.1.49, 6 2,7 11,8 48 p.m. Sundays 7 N a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 6' 43 a.m. 79 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 13, 8 47, 850.9 15, 945, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 114, 23, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 13, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57., 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 24, 10 p.m. - Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27. 54. 62, 6589 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satuudays only. Frodsham-7 53, 90, 101, 11 1, a.m. 231, 49, b 44,6 56, 8 31, p.m. Snnday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-G 14, 8 26,10 12, a.m. :2 17, 2 41, 431 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helsbv-7 46, 8 56, 9 37,10 37, a.m. 2 27, 4 4,4 27 5 40,6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 648, 733, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54. 6 51. 855, 1120, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, %.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8 10, 9 22, 10 2. 11 11 a.m. 1 20. at 45,2 13, 30, 338, 426, b 5 39. 67, 649, 739, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays bxcepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 13 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30. 730, 7 40,8 15, 8 30, 8 31, 9 20. 9 30, 9 33, 945, 1030, 11 5, 11 30,11 33 11 50 a.m. 12 30, 12 48, 13, 1 39, 145 230,240,243.40, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 53(1, 630,, 635, 7 30, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, MO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m, A Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 2 30,3 •)0, 3 55, 4 30, 6 15, 6 30. 830, 9 35, p.m. N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50,6 10, 7 50, 8 5, )5, 11 0 a.m. 12 21, 120,245,30. 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25 830, 90, blO5, a Mondays only. b Saturdays 5,920 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15,10 45 p.m. 12,9 14,9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 11, 731, 9 43, days only. b Saturdays excepted . 2 23,7 15 p.m. .ral)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, 30, 10 35, 11 30 e.m. 1230, 1250, 15, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 60, 630,635,

_ Liverpool (L, 8 35, 9 5, 9 30, 9 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 1 10 45, b 1115 DAIL "IY. Sundays 7 35 Lynnn-7 48,8 3! 25, 2 50, 3 30, ' 4 11 33 pm. a Satin Sundays 8 15 a.m. Manehester(Centi 830, 933, 105, 10 10, 3 2 30, 3 30, 3 4

;urdzi

710, 730, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20, 10 20, alo 55, 11 0 p.m. &Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 95, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5, 60, 6 35, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, wm. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 55,3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 935, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. &Saturdays extepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 1232, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 37 3 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12.35, al 5, al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 43, 5 5, 5 38, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 100 a.m. 340, 7 20', 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 27, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,90, 103 a.m. 1 20, 8 0,2 15,5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 2 52, 11 14 a.m. 233,9 12, 10 14, p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 31, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7,4 40, 5 41, G 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. 1 35, 1 40, 2 36, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 36, 6 23, 7 25,8 28, 9 32,11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37,10 12 a.m. 4 8,8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40,12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5. 4 10, 5 25.7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58. 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34,4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. "2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125, 126, 2 30, 327, 4 20, 4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 239, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 35 a.rn;l2 36

16,

===== 0002601_19080118_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES. Northern Rugby Union. ' The following fixtures have been arranged for the seS01:1

WARRINGTON.

1907. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Leigh „ 14 Rochdale Hornets away 10 5 „ 21 Runcorn „ 28 St. Helens Oct. 5 Oldham „ 12 Runcorn (L.C.) away 15 2 e 19 Widnes „ 26 Leigh L.C.(2nB rd ) away. 11 13 „ 28 Barrow Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 Ebbw Vale away 16 0 „ 16 Rochdale „ 23 Broughton away 3 8 „ 30 Wigan Dec. 7 Swinton home 33 0 „ 14 Oldham „ 21 New Zealand home 8 7 „ 25 Leigh ......... —.P away 26 0 „ 26 Widnes Dec. 28 Hull 1908. . Jan. 1 Runcorn „ 4 Salford „ 11 Barrow ... away 21 9 „ 18 Swinton away „ 25 Broughton home Feb.' 1

- - - Of 8 Bradford away „ 15 Wigan - away „ 22 „ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 7 Bradford home „ 14 • 21 Ebbw Vale „ 28 April 4 St. Helens borne RUNCORN. 1907.

For Apt.

Sept. 7 Halifax „ 14 Leigti „ 21 Warrington „ 28 Wigan home 0 9 Oct. 5 Swinton _ , away 21 ?

—.... _ ............. _ , _ „ 12 Warrington (LC) home 2 t 5 „ 19 St. Helens away 17 11 Nov. 2 Oldham „ 9 Merthyr home 19 0 „ 16 Merthyr away 13 15 „ 23 Widnes „ 27 New Zealand home 9 0 „ 30 Rochdale Dec. 7 Hull away Postponed 14 Widnes „ 21 Barrow „ 25 St. Helens home 19 0 „ 26 ' ~ 28 Huddersfield home 27 9' 1908. Jan. 1 Warrington „ 4 Rochdale away 6 8 tf 11 Swinton home Postponed „ 18 Wlgan away ~ , 25 Hull home Feb. 1 Salford • 8 15 Birrow .... ... 22. Leigh home „ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 3 Halifax

Broughton away 28 Oldham WIDNES.

........_ __. 1907. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Barrow „ 14 Batley „ 21 Swinton home 21 12 „ 28 Leigh Oct. 5 St. Helens home 17 5 „ 12 Batleyl away 5 52 „ 16 New Zealand „ 19 Warrington „- 26 Broughton L. C (2ucl round) home 0 14 Nov. 2 Wigan home 5 ' 5 „ 9 Dewsbury „ 16 Swinton away 0 13 „ 23 Runcorn home 5 11 „ 30 Salford Dec. 7 Leigh hone.w 6 11 14 Runcorn a y 0 12 21 Merthyr , 25 York „ 25 Warrington .: away 0 20 28 York 1908. Jan. Jan. 1 „ 4 Barrow „ 11 Oldham „ I.ct Sslford „ 25 Rochdale Feb. 1 St. Miens away / „ 8 Wigan away O 15 Dewsbury home „ 22 Brou gaton - borne

===== 0002601_19080118_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
LONGER AGO THAN YESTERDAY.

Yesterday is not long ago, but nearly three and a ball years is. To have been cured long ago and to have been well ever since, surely means.a permanent cure. Here is what a Newton-le-Willows woman has to say about it. Mrs. E. Cooke, -13, Golborne Dale-road, Newton-lb- Willows, writes :—" Dear sirs : For some time I was subject to acute pains in my back and stomach, and although I tried different treatments, I could get no relief. _ . _

"One day I happened to read about Doan's pills' and I sent for some to try. I have been a great deal better since using this rqedicine, and my back has been much easier. If the pains return, I shall take some more of Doan's pills. (Signed) Mrs. Cooke." Speaking to one of our representatives, threc and a half years later, Mrs. Cooke said :—" 1 still keep quite well. I was very bad when I first used Doan's pills. I had been fifteen weeks under medical treatment. I could not straighten my back, it was so bad, and I had severe heidaches and nasty giddiness also ; I had palpitation of the heart as well. I often think I would not have got better had it not been for Doan's pills, for although I took other medicines, I was growing weaker all the time. I am indeed grateful for my cure." If you vra suffering from Backache, Urinary Dis- orders, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Gravel, Neuralgia, or any other kidney trouble, Doan's Pills will cure you ; they will cure your kidneys, the cause of your illness. If you neglect your kidneys you must suffer from painful and dangerous disease. The kidneys are the keys of • health ; keep them well and you will be well. Above all things remember that delay is dangerous. Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per hox (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W.—Mrs. Cooke was cured by Doan's ; be sure that you get " DOAN'S."

===== 0002601_19080118_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSCCIATION.

MICROBES AND COINS.

As the result of investigations, a Paris scientist has discovered that coins form a happy hunting ground for microbes, the most common species of which are staphylo- coccus, streptococcus, and pyogenes, with now and then a colony of tetanus, tubercu- losis, or cancer microbes. Gold pieces har- bour from 1,600 to 3,500 microbes, silver coins from 450 to 2,100, and bronze and nickel coins from 3,600 to 11,000.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MOSQUITOES . AND COLOURS.

Mosquitoes are found to prefer negroes to whites, a black dog to a white one, and a dark-coloured resting-place. Careful tests have been extended to great numbers of the insects, shewing that they choose colours in the order of dark blue, dark red, brown, red, black, grey .and violet, and that azure, ochre, and white are distasteful, and yellow ex- tremely so. Confirming these results on 150 mosquitoes a Swiss `malaria expert has found that three fourths eettle on dark colours.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
POISON IN POTATOES.

Potatoes, under certain conditions, contain an alkaloidal poison known as solanin. Very little pf this is found in new potatoes, unless they have grown on the top of the ground, and the skin has become green. •It has gene- rally been known that such potatoes were poisonous, but the cause was unknown. Pota- toes that are kept over until late in the sum- mer also contain a large amount of this poison. It is said that in 1892 and 1893 a great many 'of the troops in the German Army were poisoned by the use of such pota- toes. Meyer found that old potatoes which were kept in a damp place and had begun to sprout contained twenty-four times as much of the solanin alkaloid as new potatoes.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A METEORIC MYSTERY.

Among the minerals known to chemists there are a few rare earths, containing ele- ments bearing such curious names as yttrium, ytterbium, erbium, aid scandium, which are not merely very scarce, but have .been found only in the northern hemisphere, chiefly in parts of Norway, Siberia, and the United States. Upon this very interesting fact, Sir William Crookes based a singular conclusion. He suggested that perhaps it might be that these elements luvve been formed not on our globe at all, but in some other portion of space, and may then have reached us in the forta of a shower, or showers, of meteoric stones. The supposed meteoric shower that brought them, falling at intervals during twenty-four hours on. the upper half of the northern hemisphere, would pass over Siberia, Norway, the North Atlantic, and North America. It is interest- ing to note that the discovery of a few years ago of terrestrial helium was made in one of these very rare earths, found in Norway, and called cleveite.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW OXIDE OF SILICON.

It has been generally held by chemists that silicon forms only one oxide, the familiar silica, which in the shape of flint, quartz, and sand forms such a considerable part of the earth's crust. The general re- semblance of the element silicon to carbon, however, suggests that, like the latter, it should have two corresponding to carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide. Silica is the dioxide, and Clemens Winkler, after trying in vain to prepare the latter, concluded that silicon did not form such an oxide. In the course of three papers which he read before the American Electro - Chemical Society, however, Dr. H. Potter seems, says the Globe, to have proved that a monoxide of silicon can be prepared.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
iIOW PREPARED.

- Dr. Potter attributes Winkler's failure to obtain silicon monoxide to the compara- tively low temperature, I,ooodeg. C., at which he worked. Heating together silica and silicon in an electric furnace, Dr. Potter found that at from I,7oodeg. to I,Boodeg. C. a very brisk reaction occurs, with the pro- duction of a brown smoke. If the operation be carried out in an inert atmosphere this can be collected as a soft, brown, very fine powder. Physical and chemical analysis have convinced Dr. Potter that this is the monoxide of silicon. He proposes .to name the product of the reaction " monox," whether pure monoxide, or a mixture of this with silica and silicon. USES OF MONOX.

It is found that when negatively charged the fine particles of monox fly to cotton fibres, &c., and so form a screen which will filter out solid matter in the air. Thus, air might be sterilised by drawing it through such a sereen. It is further claimed that monox would make a valuable pigment in certain oil paints, especially for brickwork and for protecting iron.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVE,.. EXPERIMENT.

Cultivators whose hind is composed to any extent of the common •clays may assure them- selves that they are also owners of unknown quantities of both alum and aluminium; and, further, writes Mr. James Scott in the Agricultural Economist, that although these prodttcts are procurable from the trouble- some stuff, the requisite processes involved in their extraction have hitherto proved of so costly a character as to preclude the ad- visability of such manufactures becoming at all widely favoqred among others besides the professional men. The beautiful metal aluminium is ob- tained by the artificial decomposition of pure clay. Naturally, the matter_ Is too technical for protracted reference in a slight sketch. Alum, too, as can be gathered from the sound of its name, is intimately associated with the metal, and has a similar origin. It would not be a difficult matter for those readers who burn their clay soil to secure supplies of this chemical if ' they cared to undertake the trouble. While clay is being chnsumed at a temperature causing it to as- sume a dull red hue, if it should then be properly acted upon by sulphuric acid— another substance used by all growers, and found combined in their various sulphates,— it will yield the every-day and useful alum. It was due to these reflections that I felt tempted to set forth the peculiar experi- ments' notified, believing that it would attract a little enthusiasm in some quarters.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL CRYSTALS.

Select a few crisp cinders of any conveni- ent , size from the fire-grate, and free them as far as possible from any ash and, other refuse. Then boil half a pint—or more—of water, and into it gradually drop some pow- dered alum, stirring it meantime with a glass rod. Continue dissolving the alum in this manner until the water will contain no more of it. Afterwards pour the compound into a cup or a glass, and suspend two or three of the, prepared cinders within it by tying a thread round each of them and over a penholder,. which wilt serve as a bridge across the top of the vessel holding the ob- jects. Allow all to stand undisturbed in some cool corner for a, day or two. When the cinders are withdrawn a charming, in- structive display will reward the experi- menter, as each otherwise paltry bit of waste will be covered with- beautiful sym- metrical crystals, resembling four-sided pyramidal diamonds of la'rge size. If these false "mineral spars" be kept away from contact with dirt for some time they will eventually become dense china-white in tint, while still retaining their very sharply- defined formation. Really magnificent effects mar be derived by staining the alum solu- tions with logvvood, some of the aniline compounds, or other dyes. Even red ink can he employed. You can deceive your friends, ;1 so minded, by making the crystals lard. _:niitly red, blue, green, violet, and so on. By dipping the cinders first in a red solution, and then scraping off some of the crystals

===== 0002601_19080118_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Childrea acd Public-Houses.

The Masonic Hall, Bold-street. was the scene of a public meeting on Tuesday evening under the auspices : of the British Women's Temperance Association. Mrs. ' Owen, of Penketh, presided, and was supported by the Mayoress and Mrs. Randolph Clarkson, of Birmingham, who gave en interesting address on the temperance question. Mrs. OvvEN, who is the President of the Association' in her openi rearl,s said she Was disappointed at ng cu the small attendance, but very often the greatest results came from small meetings. It was from the one or two j who made up their minds to do their best for those by whom they were surrounded that the greatest results came. She gave the audience as a motto fur the year the words' To-day," in connection with which she gave • some beautiful advice. She then called upon Mrs. Clarkson to give her address. I Mrs. CLARKSON said they wanted the public to show ! • their enthusiat.m in fighting tho drink evil. If they i went to the public-house they would find women with I their babies in their arms drinking away and spending their money in drink instcad of getting food for the , child. If the child uttered a cry it would get a sip of ' beer or gin r whatever the mother vas drinking. The speaker then went on to say that they were expecting • great things front Parliament.. A Bill has been promised I them, and they hoped it would Le a good one. (Hear, hear.) In every school temperance and hygiene should be tauebt Alcphol had been correctly deecrth.3a ag 'a mocker." It was not only a Meeker but deceptive and people were in the habit of taking it when cold under I the impression that it would warm the system. But that ' was a mistake, as there was more warmth in a slice of bread and a cup of cocoa. Alcohol reduced the tempera- • ture,and a man who took it to warm himself was colder In the end. It was only one in ten who was a teetotaler, but if all British women possessed the necessary. grit, faith and enthusiasm teetotalers would soon be in the majority, (Hear, hear and applause.) Several instances I were given of children who had died from neglect j owing to the drunkenness of their parents,and they had a right to ask that children should be safeguarded. They ought, as English men and English women, to be in advance of other countries in point of civilization, and ehe asked the people of Warrington to sign a petition which was to be got up for presentation to Parliament asking that no child should be allowed on licensed premises, and no one under eighteen supplied with intoxicating liquor. (Applause.) Their Association was strongly in favour of Local Veto. Everybody should be ccnsulted as to their wish for certain things. If some brewery wanted to build a public-house in a certain town that brewery should first consult the residents of that town. She believed that everybody had the right to be able to express an opinion in the government of the town they belonged to. (Hear, hear.) Temperance should be taught in Sunday Schools and then the rising generation would be a sober one. She never knew of anybody who signed the pledge to regret it. She as once told that a certain women lived on intoxicating liquors and could not,even if she tried, keep away from it. If that woman had sat end thought of the harm drink had done to her she could at once leave it alone. (Applause.) Return- ing to Local Veto she said they could only get it if they showed their influence in the flatter. A man who paid a rent of £SCO a year could pleare himself what was done round his neighbourhood, but a man who paid ss. a week rent could not. That ought not to be. Everyone had a right to express an opinion especially on the liquor traffic. (Applause.) Miss Cox theh gave two solos which reflected great credit upon her.

The tIRESIDENT also spoke on the importance of temperance teaching. She never regretted signing the pledge. the signed the pledge 53 years ago. (Applause.) Mrs. ROBERT GARNETT, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mrs. Clarkson for her convincing address, pointed out that Mr. G. P.. Sims' revelations with respect to alcohol seemed to he confirn.,A in every town, by Mrs. Clarkson so far as Birmingham was concerned, and by Mr. Sims to far aa London was concerned. Intemper- ance was dreadful in Warrington—at least they were told so—and in every toun, and yet Mrs. Clarkson was hopeful. Public opipion, about which they talked so much, was growing on the side of temperance. (Applause.) Customs were changing and the habits of the people also. Although the drink bill N‘its still a very heavy one they knew bow much less alcohol was to be seen ou the tables now at parties and entertainments. People were beginning to flnd out that they could do without drink, end the King had taught tht.m that they could drink his health quite as well in t• ater, and they thanked him for it. (Hear, hear and .-pplause.) Miss Ittssii DUTTON, in seconding, expressed the opinion that there was a change'for the better so far as the drinking habits of the people were concerned. There Nies hope to be deriv( cl from what was taking place. Things were ire/moving and that was pleasing,and a meeting like the present, altbotigh it was nut a large one, helped things to move a little quicker. (Hear,hear, and applause.) The motion was carried unanimously and a similar compliment to Mrs. Owen was also paid, the meeting concluding with a hymm.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MATROZONE

Ensure. SAFE mid NATURAL ACCOUCHENIENT.

Healthy children. Marvellous recovery of mother. Your ohemist can obtain it, or post free 516.—Send stamp for Free Booklet to VistrozOnk CO. (Dept. 13), North Shields, England.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Prettiest, and the Most Charming Wear.

INEXPENSIVE AND VERY EFFECTIVE.

Brooches, Bracelets, Necklets, Pendants, Rings, &c., &c.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Amethysts are

symbolioal of Truth & Sincerity.

Selections sent on

Approval.

)loured Sketches Free.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
014U!481RAPH-opho

greatest ingers'voicei •'our own( \wins-room

means

Doesn't such a fascinating possibility appeal to you P Then drop a line to-day for "Price Book 20," which gives particulars of our various cylinder and disc models, and our extensive repertoire of records, with description of the special COLUMBIA features which account for the distinctive " true .to life" reproduction you always get•from a "COLUMBIA," COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., Gen'l„ 64 & 66, OXFORD STREET, LONDON, W. GLASGOW: SO, Union St. CARDIFF: 96, St. Ma St MANCHESTER: S 4. Market Si. Desists Everywhere,

~..._ ,---:.),„ - ---- "The ' , ~. e'•- at ... in ill / t:-4f4z_-..- ' I J '. :4111.*:: ' • dra. ~,,:,,,,,,t,„ . , 7- Wk)'--Ak. - - * .. .. • ( / '-is'.-'' _!.......:F- ----"......_ - j--..:-7-":""- - _ _

I

A\

===== 0002601_19080118_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDSOME FREE CIFT

With each order for one Dress Length of our NEW WYLWYRWELL FABRIC, value 7/6, 8/11, or 9/6, we shall present absolutely free, a Silver Brooch, charm, Glove Mirror, Seal, or Hat Pin, all Hall- marked and worth from 1111 to 2 6 each. HOW TO PROCEED.—Write at once for Patterns and full particulars and.eelect which article

you prefer.

Patterns and Price List Pon Free (neEd not be returned).

LUTAS LEATHLEY & CO., IA, Wylwyrwell Warehouse, ARMLEY, LEEDS.

• .

Ice OP/ A- % tlikl AL 84. 0 - ,k, • '.. • ..ti....., kee. 4- • 5„,,N,--. 1 luity ,-4) I .7 -, al .... , rn , 44, , 15.iiir-M v, 1111 tekti:iso 4, . /1114. \ I+ tom t EDINPURO dio' OF Co //V GI V. 6, LARGE ALL d(oek.. riv AND ~; ESSS SMALL GROCERS. BOTTLEs,

===== 0002601_19080118_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

•-it•N I ELEPfIONit NO. 355 Y.

PRIN 11G.

OF EVERY DESCREPLION JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
LITHOGLIPHERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any met pat or tern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

OIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

pROGRA3IME4 for Entertainments, IConcerto &c., In the latest artistic !style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and EUBSCRIPI lON BOOKS 1n t . Bound, Numbered and Perterated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Bong, Festivals, &c.

CATALOGLIES for Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradosmen.

IRICE Lisrs Printed on card or paper Illu trated, if required.

JOHN WA LIM & Co.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS! RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES! POST CARDS:

CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF' PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDELES AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, IrrvorcEs, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS, EXIOUTED AT sH2RT NOVICES.

POSTERS Or ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS, Attention Is Invited to •nr NnW FODNIS OF TYPES and WOOD L, TTRR fcr Large Posters. FOR AtL KINDS OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LANGE SIZE, 40 x 60 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER OFFICE.

BEWSEV STREET, WARRINGTON

-"

IE

INVWXI

===== 0002601_19080118_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
UTTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday. Is Interest Robbery?

_ Sir,—l cannot refrain from again replying to Mr. Parker, after the charge he makes against the Socialists In last week's letter, namely," that he has good reason to complain of the action of the Socialists, who fre- quently make random charges, and when asked to make them good run away. They preach a creed which they , are afraid, when challenged, to put into practice, a creed for show and not for use," and refers me to John Workman's last letter. I read the last reply of John Workman and I read Mr. Parker's challenge, which I thought was one of the most ridiculous proposals that ever emanated from the mind of any person who professed a knowledge of economics. Socialists do not propose to experiment with isolated colonies consisting of self 20 Men to find out the practicability of Socialism.Somalists know that the principles of Mr. Parker's challenge if experimented with would be doomed to failure immediately, and why? Because the wages to be pooled would have to be earned under the competitive system which would not guarantee to each one of them a regular wage, neither would it guarantee that each One would be regularly employed, or prevent the cost of commodities rising and thus lowering each man's purchasing power. And last but not least important, what employer is going to give them the full reward of their labour, viz., the missing two-thirds (see Chiozza Money,"Riches and Poverty") ? I think John Workman was wise in not allowing him- self to be trapped. In reference to our creed being for show and not for use I admit it is a show and I claim there is no other show on earth like it. Anyone who steps inside will be shown gratis all the facts and figures relating to human struggles to live and I think we are just a wee bit useful. I notice 333,000 votes were given in 1006 to 30 Labour men now in the House of Commons (see Press reports of their usefulness) and again I think when the people awake from their apathy and learn tae true and only cause of their misery our creeds will prove their usefulness. And now to Mr. Parker's other points in respect to the horse and cart problem. I have nothing to add to my former answer. That is to say if the horse and cart decreased in value the user should make them good. Mr. Parker wanted an answer from an ethical point of view and I understand ethics to be a system of moral principles ; that being so there is no moral law applied to industry where a man has to depend on another man for the implements of production before he can make nature yield unto him that by which he shall live. And again what use does the owner sacrifice, suppose he makes use of his horse and cart for himself ? He would have to labour, so he lends his horse and cart and sacrifices his privilege to labour. I understand the meaning of the word sacrifice to be something sacred, a religious act (see Latin roots). Would the owner of the horse and cart be paying homage to his Maker by sacrificing his labour ? see Paul's epistle, " He that toileth not neither shall he eat." So much for thehorse and cart problem. Now sir, Mr. Parker says, "arising out of his machine and seamstress problem," I have ascribed a word to him he never used. Well it did not need an inch and half of space to tell me so and Mr. Parker used words that gave me the impression he meant inventor. Anyway I accept the correction, the word maker will do for me, and I again say the maker should be paid for his labour, but don't think the seamstress gets the 3s. she saves in the cost of production by using the machine, neither is the real value of the articles equal. They are only equal in value from a utility point of view, but in exchange value they are not equal because one cost 12s. and the other 9s. to make, and the latter form of value determines the market price. But the point I want to deal with is Mr. Parker's claim that capital is the friend and helper of labour and his typical instance of the machine saving the seamstress 3s. I stated in my last letter that labour was not assisted by capital as a friend, neither was a living wage guaranteed, yet the production by the use of the machine was greater. I can best prove this,or at any i rate try to con- vince Mr. Parker, that the seamstress s not the gainer .of 35., by giving a case that came under my notice. Some time ago I visited the Sweated Industries Exhi- bition in Manchester, and there I saw women making shirts, from Bd. up to Is. 7d. per doze,' shirts, buying their own thread and needles and paying Is. per week for hire of machine. One of these women told me she used to receive a shilling for making one shirt by baud for the high-class trade, and could earn good wages ; now she earns from 6s. to 7s. per week for making about seven dozen shirts. This woman makes shirts for the shipping trade, and she can either take the material home to make up or work at the shirt factory. The above statement is not an isolated case but one of the thousands under our present sytem of industry. I think the net gain after paying for hire of the machine in the above and other cases like it goes to the capitalistic shirt manufacturer and not the seamstress. And now, in conclusion, may I say that Victor Gray- son never said anything in his speech to lead people to understand the Socialists were going to rob labour or the capitalist. What he did say was—We did not want the highly questionable elements of rent, interest and profits, and that he believed wages should be the funda- mental result of work. Mr. Parker says if I can show him where he is wrong he is willing and ready to acknowledge it, and expects me as an honest man to do the same, if he proves that lam wrong. Well, Mr. Parker has not said anything yet to convince me that money makes money without the aid of labour, and if the man with £lOO can make it Into £l5O without an effort mentally or physically he is either a conjuror or a robber? I do not doubt Mr. Parker's honesty, nor do I begrudge him the interest he draws, but I cannot fall in with his views of capital and interest, neither can I honestly support the system Mr. Parker agrees with.—Yours very truly, GEO. REEVES.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath, January 15th, 1908.

[AnvT.] THE WARRINGTON EA.. COOPERATIVE

SOCIETY LTD., AND MR. JOHN TAYLOR, L.D.S. The Committee of the Warrington Co-operative Society have had their attention drawn by Mr. Taylor of Museum-street, to the fact that a notice continued in the last balance sheet of the Society issued to its members, referring to "Dental Services " is considered a breach of the arrangements at to advertising entered into by Mr. Taylor with the Dental Association. The Committee regret that owing to a misunder- standing as to the nature of the notice that any difficulty has been caused and wish to state that steps have been taken to withdraw as far as possible the notice from circulation and at the same time at Mr. Taylor's request the arrangements entered into as far as he is concerned have been cancelled. Signed on behalf of the Committee. J. JARMAN, Secretary.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUSICAL FESTIVAL.

Latest Arrangements

The arrangements for the first Warrington Musical I Festival, which has been definitely fixed for May 23rd, are being rapidly advanced. The Mayor (Alderman Stnetburst) has acceded to the cordially-expressed wish that he should act as President and it is hoped that the festival will receive the support of all lovers of music in Warrington. A thoroughly representative committee has the project in hand and frequent meet- ings are held. The selection of Dr. W. G. McNaught and Mr. Wilfred Jones as adjudicators should give general satisfaction, as both these gentlemen have had a wide experience of festival work. Below we give particulars of the contest pieces : Calif CHORAL Commurios (Mixed Choirs) 40 to 60 voices, (a) "He watching over Israel" (Mendelssohn); (b) " Moonlight" (Eaton Faning); 18t prize, £l5 and valuable trophy; 2nd prize, £4 if more than three compete. SECOND CHORAL Comm:Imo:I (Male Choirs) 30 to 45 voices, "King of Worlds" (Dard Janin) ; Ist prize, £l2; 2nd prize, £4 if more than three compete. CHCRCH OR CHIPEL CHOIR COUPE'TITION (Mixed or Male) 20 to 20 voices, " Abide with Me" (Dunstan). Ist prize, £3 and Trophy; 2nd prize, £2 if more than three compete. CHILDREN'S CHORAL COUPETITION. 25 to 35 voices, age 16, (a) " Whispering Wind" (Labbett) ; (b) " Oft in the stilly night " (MeNaught); Ist prize, £3 ; 2nd prize, £2 if more than three compete. CUILDREN'S ACTION Soso CONTEST (under 13) 8 to 12 voices, (Own choice) : Prize £2. Duet, "0 that we two were maying " SOLOS: Soprano, " Magic month of May" (E. Newton) ; Contralto, "A. Summer night " (Goring Thomas); Tenor ; " My hope is in the Everlasting" (Stainer); Bass or Baritone, " Blow, blow " (Say- geant); Challenge Solo -girls and boys under 16 (own choice) ; Pianoforte (12 to 18) " Butterfly " Opus No. 43, No. 1 (Greg) Peter's Edition ; Piano- forte (under 12) " Scherzo " (Gar/itt) Op. 195 ; Violin Solo for school children " Cambria "(Murdock

4- Co.) The general secretary is Mr. R. W. Cook, 25, Froghall-lane, Warrington.

-- When an old codger shivers and shakes, As he hears the wild winter winds roar, That ancient mistake he continues to make, And swallows "hot rum" in galore : TM some friend, like an angel of light, Introduces a solace more sure, lie soothes his throttle by bringing a bottle Of Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovalist."

England has won her first real international under professional Rugby rules, and Engl-ind was lucky to do so. The New Zealanders were far and away the superior team in the great match at Wigan on Satur- day, and were distinctly unfortunate to lose by the margin of a goal after scoring sixteen points. What must have made the defeat more galling was that Messenger, the most expert of goal-kickers, failed to land a goal from a penalty shut right in front of the posts, while two tries were certainly missed through a faulty pass almost on the line. The English side was a strong one in all respects and very dangerous near the line, but three out of the four tries credited to the Old Country were lucky. All the New Zealand points came as the result of superlatively skilful foot- ball, and there was no luck about any of them.

The stay-at-homes on Saturday must have beea feeling "pretty sick " since Saturday, for nearly all the papers unite in praising the international game and the display of the All Blacks. The match was certainly the finest I ever saw, not only for its sustained interest and thrilling incidents, but for the quality of the football shown. The English team played a good, orthodox game,and showed some smart passing at times, but as a side they were outclassed by their opponents. The All Blacks played the game as the original team played it at the expense of the Rugby Unionists. They certainly transcended any display given on the present tour and left no doubt as to their exceeding cleverness. Whether they suddenly found their best form for the first time I do not know, but the passing by the five-eighths and threequarters on Saturday was positively electrifying. Smith, Todd, and Messenger were suberb in their pace and combination, and the English backs were fre- quently baffled completely and left standing.

The contrast in styles between English and New Zealand football was most marked. England's passing from halves to three-quarters was quick and well-timed, but it was too stereotyped. On the other hand you never knew which way the ball was going when the All Blacks were on the move. It was no sooner sent to one wing than it WOAt back t centre again. It was pass and re-pass all the time, and the way the inside men went through the English defence was startling. With England's luck, and strength 'forward, the All Blacks might easily have run up 30 points. They were worth more than they got, but in any case it was a magnificent performance to score 2 goals, 4 tries, after being 8 points behind in the first ten minutes.

At half back or five-eighths —which is practically the same thing—Todd Was superior to anybody on the English side, and I doubt if we have as fine a player in this position in the country. Smith and Messenger were too fast for the home harks, and worked together in beautiful style. R. Wynyard too, gave a great display at the base of the scrummage and scored two tries. The All. Blacks were a bit unsteady in defence, and the forwards had to play second-fiddle to the English vanguard both in scrummage and foot work. But here England's advantage ceased. Taylor (full back), Leytham and Eccles were alone comparable to the men opposed to them. The halves played a smart game individually, but neither Lomas nor Hogg was first-class at centre, and showed little resource. There ought to be a few changes for the test games.

To-day the All Blacks play the chosen of Lancashire at Oldham, and given a dry turf they will have an excellent prospect of winning, especially as the men have had a full week's rest. The Lancashire team is, in my opinion, quite as strong as the one which repre- sented England and is as follows : Back : H. Gifford (Barrow). Three-quarters : J. Leythem (Wigan), left wing ; B. Jenkins (Wigan), left centre ; A. Hogg (Broughton Rangers) (capt.), right centre ; G. Tyson (Oldham), right wing. Half-backs : J. Baxter (Rochdale), J. Jolley (Runcorn). • Forwards : J. Padbury (Runcorn), A. Smith (Oldham). J. Beetham (Broughton Rangers), F. Ruddick (Broughton Rangers), F. H. Shugars (War- rington), and A. Buckler (Salford). . Reserves.-- J. Sharrock (Wigan), full-back; G. Dickenson (Warrington), centre three-quarter ; C. Creevey (Wigan), wing three-quarter; W. D. John (Salford). half-back ; B. Avery (Oldham), J. Spencer (Salford), and W. Cheetham (Wigan), forwards.

The All Blacks' record up-O-date is: played 23, won 15, lost 11, drawn 2, with aggregate score of 331 points to 232. Further matches are being arranged well into March, and the clubs which will probably get a second match are Warrington, Wigan, Halifax, Oldham, Broughton, and St. Helens. While history was being made at Wigan,the Warring- ton men were distinguishing themselves at Barrow. Their victory by 21 points to 9 came as a pleasant sur- prise, for with the weak team which had to do duty an adverse result was feared by the majority of supporters. Barrow had only lost one match on their own ground prior to Saturday, but they had to play second fiddle to the Warringtonians, who were in their best form. The forwards paved the way by making good use of their superior physique, and the backs gave a sparkling display.

Lloyd worked the scrummages well and combined very effectively with Brooks. Another gratifying feature was the return to form of Isherwood. He and Fish performed in the style which rendered them famous as a left-wing pair, and between them they got three of the tries. Fish also showed more pace, and won a great race with Gifford, the County full back, from half-way. The victory has clone Warrington good in a statistical sense, and they now hold a fair position in the League table. They should yet sur- pass Hull and Salford in the race, but are rather along way removed from the first four.

The League table up-to-date is as follows : For. Agst. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c't'ge. Hunslet Oldham Wigan l9 15 3 1 50 84 352 23 21 118 81.57 Keighley l9 14 5 037 47 217 29 28 142 73.68 Broughton l7 12 4 1 31 51 215 19 25 113 7352 Hull 2O 13 7 040 46 218 17 27 115 6500 Sal ford Warrington 1. Hull K. R. l9 11 8 0 43 46 221 27 39 171. 57-89 Halifax Batley lB 10 8 036 40 192 29 40 178 55.55 Bradford 2O 11 9 0 30 44 192 26 51 214 5500 Runcorn Wakefield T 17 8 8 1 33 44 198 36 43 203 50.00 Barrow Rochdale lB 8 10 0 18 41 159 32 38 178 44'44 Dewsbury lB 7 11 0 29 31 160 31 42 188 3888 Leigh Leeds Huddersfield Swinton Ybrk lB 5 13 0 25 34 152 47 49 241 27:77 Ebbw Vale l7 4 12 1 12 16 72 29 52 214 26-47 Bramley Merthyr St. Helens 2O 4 15 1 18 30 126 42 84 336 2250 Widnes lB 3 13 2 14 28 112 34 52 224 22.22

Warrington play the return match with Swinton to-day and ought to have no difficulty in obtaining the maximum number of points, seeing the ease with which they ran up over 30 points against the Lions on December 7th. Since then Swinton have improved somewhat and will doubtless make a big effort to check the Wirepullers. So long as Warrington play the open game I have no fear of thekresult.

The team is : Tilley, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Taylor, three-quarters ; Brooks and Jenkins, half-backs; Thomas, A. Boardman, P. Board- man, Belton, Heath and Harmer, forwards.

Kick-off to-day at 3 o'clock.

Jack Preston has been re-transferred to Swinton, and will probably turn out to-day against his late club- mates from Warrington. J hope he does not indulge in any goal-kicking at Warrington's expense. Another I item of news is that Shugars will be unable to make I his first appearance for Lancashire to-day against the All Blacks, an injury having compelled him to cry off. -- A mild sensation has been caused by the news that Warrington have at last landed the big -fish they were angling for in Wales. The name of the player is Evan William Watkin, who plays either centre or wing for Abertillery and Glamorgan County. He has scored 23 tries for his club, and six for his County this season. Watkin has a big reputation in South

_:' --

Wales, and played in the Welsh trial match a few weeks ago. He might have got his " cap " only it was suspected that he was going north. Watkin is a smart looking lad of 2.2 years, stands sft. 8 inches, and weighs list. fins. He makes his first appear- ance for Warrington to-day, when he will play wing for the " A "team against Egerton in the Lancashire Shield Competition at Wilderspool.

The "A" team has been chosen as follows : Morley, full back; Tinkler, Landor, Jordan and Watkin, threequarters ; Lloyd and Daintith, half- backs ; Jolley, Forster, Holbrook, Kettle, Bradshaw and Fairhurst, forwards.

,

===== 0002601_19080118_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 18, 1908.

THE LAWSON CONTRACT.

AWARD IN FAVOUR OF CORPORATION.

Contractor Has to Pay £1432.

Much satisfaction has been felt in Warrington during the past week at the result of the arbitration proceedings in connection with the famous Lawson contract. The award of the arbitrator (Ur. George Henry Hill, M.1.C.E., of Manchester and Westminster) was officially made known at the meeting of the Water Committee on Monday afternoon and, briefly stated, its purport is that the contractor (Mr. Gorge Lawson, of Rutherglen, Lanark, Scotland) shall pay £1,432 to the Corporation and a considerable sum in costs.

To recall the history of the case, it will b 3 remem- bered that as long ago as the 4th December, 1905, the Water Committee proposed to appoint, or consented to the appointment of Mr. George Hill as arbitrator, but the Corporation then refused to agree to the appointment. Subsequently a Lawson Investigation Committee was formed to go into the matter and report to the Council. In the meantime the plaintiff issued a writ against the Corporation in which ha claimed the sum of £36,425 is. as the balance due to him under the contract, which was signed on the 21st September, 1900. The contract price was £24,400, but there were other payments to be paid to the contractor largely dependent on the contingencies. The Corporation had paid to the contractor the sum of £35,481, and this, with the am mat of his claim endorsed on the writ, made a total claim of £71,909 is. When the writ was issued the Corporation took ont a summons to dismiss the action on the ground that the plaintiff PrLl4 bOUIId to go to arbitration under the terms of the contract, and the Court, with the consent lof both parties, made an order referring all matters lin dispute to Mr. Hill as sole arbitrator. The Cor- poration then sent in counter-claims against the con- tractor, principally for delay in carrying out their work, and costs incuntd in consequence, amounting in the aggregate to about £8,693 133. 11d., including £3,093 3s. 6d. for pumping plant put down in 1902 and £3,777 93. id. claimed on interest in unremunera- tive capital expenditure. The arbitration proceedings, which occupied eleven days, commenced on the 14th October, at the Surveyor's Institute, London. The counsel for the plaintiff (Mr. George Lawson,c )ntractor, of Rutherglen Lanark, Scotland), were Mr. Radcliffe, K.C., and Mr. G. A. Scott (instructed by Messrs. Gordon, Faulkner land Fairweather, of Edinburgh), and Mr. A. A. Hudson and Mr. Arnold Inman (instructed by the Town Clerk of Warrington), for the Corporation. Mr. Hill made his award on the 6th inst. but it was not taken up until Saturday, The following is an extract from the award : —" I do award and deter- mine that the Corporation is not indebted to the contractor in any sum, and I further award and determine that the contractor is indebted to the Corporation in the stun of £1,432, and I direct that the, contractor do forthwith pay the said sum of £1,432 to the Corporation, and I further , award and direct that the Corporation do bear their own costs of the action, and do pay to the contractor his costs of the action, such costs being set off against the costs hereby directed to be paid by the contractor to the Corporation ; and I further award and direct that the contractor do bear and pay his own costs of the reference, and do pay to the Corporation their costs of and incident to the reference. And I settle and fix the costs of this my award at the sum of £382 103., and if the Corporation pay the same I direct that the contractor do repay to the Corporation the amount so paid." Briefly, the result of the award is that the con- tractor has to repay to the Corporation the sum of £1,432. Whether this is in respect of moneys over- paid or of the Corporation's counter-claim, is not stated. The contractor has also to pay all the costs of the arbitration, including the costs of the arbi- trator's award. On the other hand the Corporation have to pay the costs of the action, which, we under- stand, will be small, because nothing was done a fter the issue of the writ but the taking out of a summons to have the action referred to arbitratioa. The Corporation are entitled to deduct the costs of the action from the costs of the arbitration payable by the contractor.

At the ordinary meeting of the Water Committee, held on 'Monday afternoon, Alderman Evans presiding, a resolution expressing entire satisfaction with the way the action had been cmducted on behalf of the Corporation was unanimously passed.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR HALL. -- Mr. J. W. Turners English Opera Co.

The week devoted to English opera at the Parr Hall has made a pleasant break in the round of melodrama and vaudeville entertainments to which local theatre goers have grown accustomed. Although the attendance at Parr Hall was not large during the early part of the week, Mr. Turner's productions have grown in popularity with the result that Thursday brought a fairly full house to witness the ever-welcome" Faust." And without at all disparaging the performances on other nights it will probably be admitted that Thursday's performance marked a culminating point in the opera company's efforts, for principals chorus and orchesta alike contributed to a flue presentment of Gounod's masterpiece during which the audience's enthusiasm showed itself in numerous encores and reoalls. Of the two operas "It Trovatore " and the "The Lily of Killarney," in which Mr. Turner appeared in a leading part, it may be said unhesitatingly that the march of time devoted to many years' of work leaves that veteran better prepared to portray the part of " Miles - na-Coppaleen "than that of" Maurico." And although this arises from a purely physical defection it is but due to say that Mr. Turner's voice remains singularly clear and sweet, and free from the ravages which time alone might have been expected to make upon it and upon his ability to produce silver-like notes of high range with little effort. Mr. Turner has surrounded himself with a strong company who are,in all essentials, both competent and capable. The cast and the chorus in" Faust" demonstrated that the opera company's resources were at least adequate to deal with the exigencies of the composer's score, though it cannot be denied that the mounting of the work equally revealed the weakness attending all travelling companies and also the poverty of scenic material available along with the Parr Hall proscenium. The " prima donna " has been personated during the week by the three ladies Miss Sarah Williams, Miss Kitty Brownlees and Miss Christine Gomez who have all distinguished themselves brilliantly and more or less ingratiated themselves with the audiences, while the leading tenor and bass parts have been in the hands of Mr. Turner, Mr. Charles le Suer, Mr. Tom Griffiths, and Mr. Sidney Clifford, all of whom have also made themselves favourites in coarse of the week. The chorus deserve a word of commendation for the whole-hearted way in which they sang the" Faust " choruses and for their general all-round efficiency. The orchestra was largely corn- posed of local instrumentalists, and the necessity of ' their having to play new or strange works each evening did not contribute to either smooth productions or artistic execution of the band parts. Nevertheless, under the skilful guidance of the Opera Co.'s hard- working conductor Mr. T. Lawton,who himself rendered invaluable help at the piano, matters were here fairly satisfactory, and occasionally in some of the bigger ensembles the playing was distinctly fine. At the concluding performance this evening" Maritana " is pretty sure to draw a big house.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

NEW STATIONMASTER.-11r. Edward Roberts, of Otterspool Station, C.L.C., has been appointed to succeed Mr. A. E. Roberts, stationmaster of Padgate Station, who has been transferred to St. James' Station, Liverpool. The exchange will be made in about a fortnight's time.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY COTTON PROFITS.

It was reported on Change on Wednesday, at Man- chester, that the Howe Bridge Spinning Company,which produces fine yarns made from Egyptian and Sea Island cotton, has made a profit during the last six months equal to 60 percent. per annum, but is only paying 20 per cent, per annum.

For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great ePppermint Cure. In 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. AUSTIN'S BYE-ELECTION

KEEN CONTEST.

An exceptionally keen contest is in progress for the representation of St. Austin's Ward rendered vacant by the elevation of Councillor Burton to an aldermanic seat. Mr. John Maginn has come forward as an Independent and is being opposed by Mr. James Broadhurst (C) The candidates and their workers have entered into the struggle with great vigour and meetings have been held on both sides. The election will take place on Monday next and there will be two polling stations—at Thewlis-street school and Cairo- street school.

Mr. Magian' address will be found on our front page.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. MAGINN'S CANDIDATURE,

anyone else to buy up all the fish stalls and use them municipally. (Laughter and applause). Mr. E. RANDLES asked the candidate if he could give him the air space of the voluntary schools and the air space in the Council schools.

Mr. MAGINN described the question as " ridiculous." Did Mr. Randles think he had nothing else to do but to get up statistics with regard to air space in the various Schools ? He was not an encyclopadia. (Laughter). The Rev. C. HmtvEy-Coox stepped forward and said Mr. Maginn had misunderstood the question. Mr. Randles meaat to ask if the voluntary schools were sufficiently large to allow every child to have a healthy space for breathing. Mr. MAGINN : I can only give you the same answer. Mr. NIGHTINGALE asked if the education of the , children of Warrington since the last Education Act was passed had been satisfactory to the town. The CANDIDATE said his own children were educated at the same schools as before, and he paid the same fees, but, he did not think they got any better return than formerly. Mr. W. DODD asked if, when Mr. Maginn VMS in the Council, he voted against the Corporation labourers having an increase of wages ? Mr. MAGINN replied by reading a report of the speech which he delivered on Councillor Barton's motion in favour of a minimum wage of 21s. per week. He then stated that 21s. was too small a wage for a married man. He believed in paying a man what he ' was worth, but he wanted to know where such a motion would stop. He did not vote against the motion to give the labourers 21s. a week. He and Alderman Ellison did not vote at all. On the other hand those who voted against the motion were Aldermen Tinnion and Barton, Councillors Wilkinson, Hulse, Sankey, Fulton-Smith, and the Mayor. He commended the C , names to his onservative friends. (Applause.) The resolution was carried with three dissent:ents.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Meeting in Tnewlis-street School

An enthusiastic meeting in support of the candidature of Nlr. John Magian was held in the Workingmen's Mission Schoolroom, Thewlis-street, on Tuesday even- ing. There was a large attendance, presided over by Alderman Tinnion. Amongst those present were the Rev.C. Harvey Cook, Mr.S. Wright and iAIr.E. England.

MR. MAGINN'S INDEPENDENCE. The CHAIRMAN said he would have had greater pleasure in presiding if Mr. Magian had seen fit to come out as a Liberal candidate. He had, however, always stood as an independent when seeking municipal honours. Probably be was riiht to a certain extent for MRETING AT SANKEY BRIDGES. he (Alderman Tinnion) failed to see—and he had LIVELY PROCEEDINGS. always said so—what politics and religion had to do with the Town Council. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Maginn 1 Another meeting in support of Mr. Maginn's candi- i held that a man had no right to go to the Council to dature was held in the Wesleyan Schools, Sankey represent any party or sect but to act in the Bridges, on Thursday evening. There was a crowded interests of the general body of ratepayers. In , attendance.Councillor Hawthorn presiding. On the plat- Mr. form, in addition to the candidate, were Councillor Magma they would have an honest, earnest and straightforward representative. (Applause.) If they Toole, Mr. S. Wright and Mr. J. Elwell. judged him by his past work they must be convinced The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Maginn was one of those that he was the fit and proper person to represent the interesting personalities who gave colour to the public ward. He had a vast experience, and his general busi_ life of Warrington. (Whilst the Chairman was speaking ness ability and knowledge fitted him for the position Mr. Broadhurst entered the room and was shown to a and he must be a much better man than Mr. Broadhurst seat near the platform, Mr. Magian cordially shaking hands with him). They could, continued Councillor could possibly be. (Applause.) He (Alderman Tinnion) understood it was going to be the special duty of some Hawthorn, congratulate themselves on the cordial of the influential members of the Conservative party to manner in which the election was being fought. It was get over the difficulties that might present themselves not often that they had an election meeting at which to the aristocratic portion of the ward in regard to Mr. both the candidates Were present and shook hands Broadhurst's candidature and to say that although Mr. before the contest. Mr. Magma took an independent Broadhurst might be a workingman he was a Conserva- platform. He was receiving the support of the Liberals tive and he was not tainted with any of those progres- in the Ward but he owed no allegiance to the Liberal sive ideas that workingmen generally had. The Con- Party, nor was the Liberal party lighting the servatives had been coddling the Catholic voter for a election on his behalf. Politics had very little considerable time and he (Alderman Tinnion) was to do with municipal elections the only omit- interested to know what the position would be with sions on which he had heard' politics mentioned reference to the Catholic vote in that ward. Mr. in connection with municipal business in Warrington Magian was a Liberal and a Catholic and he thought had been on the election of the Mayor and Aldermen. the Conservative party would have difficulty in persuad- Dealing with the needs of the Ward, the Chairman ing the Liberal Catholics, and indeed all the Catholics, urged the importance of the Canal Bridge at Sankey that Mr. Maginn was not the fit and proper person to Bridges being improved to provide adequately for the represent them. (Applause.) traffic, and to enable the tramways to be extended. He The Rev. EIARVEY OOK said he had a certain respect further held that the Corporation did set a high example C for Mr. Maginn, and he had come to say he considered in the matter of wages and hours, for if they did not him to be a fit and proper person to represent St. private individuals could hardly be expected to do Austin's Ward. In standing as an independent candidate better. (Applause.) he was taking up an attitude that would have to be RIVAL CANDIDATES. finally assumed by all men who wished to stand clear of The CHAIRMAN having announced that Mr. Maginn uld address the meeting, a consultation took place be party in the Council Chamber. He (Mr. Cook) did not come to support Mr. Maginn because he was a Liberal, wotween the candidates after which ' but because he was an honest, thorough man well Mr. BROADHURST said : I have come at Mr. qualified to represent the ward. He (Mr. Cook) ma- -* '1 mon 's invitation, but he tells e I must wait here' watched the work Mr. Maginn did when he was in the for his convenience. The statement I made last night Council. He took a straight and manly part in the business,and he(Nlr.Cook)had pleasure in giving him his I am perfectly willing to give you to-morrow night (Applause.) I told you that if you came here on Friday' moral support in this election. (Applause). night I would willingly give you further information, • MR. MAGINN'S ADDRESS. but as I am not here just for the convenience of Mr. THE EDUCATION QUESTION. Maginn, I hope you will allow me to retire. (Cheers Mr. MAGINN, who had a very hearty reception, said and groans.) he believed in representing all the ratepayers, whatever Mr. Broadhurst then withdrew to the back of the their colour or nationality might be. Alderman room. Mr. MAGINN : I cannot allow that kind of statement. Tinnion and the other leaders of the Liberal Party knew he (Mr. Maginn) could have had a seat without You have the opportunity now. (Cheers.) a fight within the last two years if he had allowed him- Cheers were then given for both candidates and there self to be nominated by the party. But he objected, was considerable excitement. and always would object as a sort of example to other Mr. MAGINN (to Mr. Broadhurst) : I will give you ratepayers. He did not believe in the leading strings my place for a moment while you explain what you of party where the interests of the community were mean by the assertion that I wanted to injure the concerned. (Hear, hear.) He was well aware there workingmen of Warrington. was not a man in the room who bad been as poor in Mr. BROADHURsT: Fellow workmen (loud cries of his day as he had been, and scarcely a man who had "Platform.)" Having again mounted the platform Mr. worked as hard. That should prove that, having risen Broadhurst said : Fellow-workers and gentlemen. As you are aware, I made a statement last night about a without assistance and influence, and with very little education, he had some knowledge of handling corn- resolution which was introduced by our friend Mr. mercial affairs and dealing with finance. 'liciy. would Magnin. As a voter in this ward, I have a perfect right see from his address what he was prepared to do. to use my individual criticism, because Mr. Maginn He felt that the Liverpool-road end of the ward did invited it, on his actions in the Council Chamber. Now not get an equal return for its money. They had one to-night when I came here, Mr. Maginn says he is not of the worst public roads in the borough, and not a few I going to put his meeting to any inconvenience to suit unpaved and badly-lighted back passages. When he I told you last night that I would give my purposes. . . . . entered the _Council there were streets in St. John's you the necessary information on Friday night. I think Ward that had been unpaved for fourteen years and it is fair when I have come here at some inconvenience back passages that were badly lighted, but by the time that I should have from this platform the privilege of he had served his three years the ward was well lighted, 1 addressing you as I think fit. I have taken up the paved and clean. For the return he got he did not blame challenge which Mr. Maginn has described as a the ratepayers of the ward but the great influence that libellous and scandalous attack, but it is no such was brought to bear, as it was being brought to bear in thing. It is an honest workingman's criticism of what this election. Would politics clean their streets ? (Applause.) The ratepayers had their children to bring he did when he was in the Council Chamber. Now, .I am of the opinion that iarowaonuld be breitt:tr if I left it up, and if they did not have healthy, clean, well-lighted ) When I s') thing, ,you shall.t have it. (Cheers. en say a . ing,fads, I mean' , streets there was some neglect somewhere. He (Mr. and I may tell you on the occasion lam speaking of, Maginn) knew the working men's struggles, and if he till to-morrow nigh ( did not look after their interests it would not be Mr. Maginn introduced in the Council Chamber a through ignorance. He would be guilty. He saw the resolution which, as I said last night, would have been means to make things better in Warrington and to a most dangerous one and most injurious to you as the develop the town for its advantage. There was no need workingclasses. The resolution in substance meant for any unemployed. When he introduced that any employer of labour could have competed THE BRIDGES SCHEME for any tender for any contract in the borough of , ,in the Council three or four years ago, he saw a means Warrington- -lof developing Victoria Park and building houses that Mr. MAonaa. : I object to that. Let him give the would be a valuable asset to the town, as well as find- substance on the motion. (Cheers.) I won't have his lug work for the unemployed for several winters. The construction. I will give you the motion afterwards,if scheme was passed but, unfortunately, he was not in he will not. Mr. BROADHURST : I have the platform and not Mr Arpley fields, which were only bringing in £3O a year Maginn—(cheers)—and if Mr. MagMn was a gentleman the Council long enough to carry it through. Then to the town,could be developed by making a road across he would have allowed me to have finished and then to Walton Bridges, but the land lay fallow instead of have come forward and given his opinion. The rules and being covered by houses. The tinkering with old of debate be ought to know them—are that the streets by .-pulling them down and building them up again was many times put forward as an gentleman who has the boards has a certain time to give ' his definition of the matter that is being . discussed. Owitig to the improvement for the benefit of the ratepayers, interruptions of Mr. Maginn I am 1 but in many cases it was for the benefit of elm , thinking I would not be allowed to finish and I shall the property-owners on both sides of the street. not go on with the meeting any longer. (Cheers,groans ") That was not developing ;it was improving. He would and cries of " Finish it. M spend the town's money freely if they would get an r. Broadhurst again left the platform amid cheers adequate return. When he first entered the Council he and hooting. Mr. MAGINN : Before Mr. Broadhurst leaves I will spent a good deal of time and money in opposing THE NON-TRADERS, ask him one question. Will he kindly give the date of but when he found the Non-traders were doing some- the motion and I will find it in the minutes. thing for the benefit of the town he assisted them. He Mr. BROADHURST : According to your words on believed in assisting an enemy if he did something that Tuesday night, you said you were not a walking would be beneficial to the ratepayers. He was one of eecyclopiedia. Neither am I. (Cheers). Had you those who objected to pay the Lawson bill of £71,909 is. asked for the date in the circular you would have had it. and they now saw that of the £35,480 paid by the Cor- I Mr. MAOINN : Oh, man, go away and blackguard poration, the contractor had to return £1,432 and pay someone else. costs. Political parties did not do that kind of work, Mr. Broadhurst then left the room. but, the men who had the brains and energy to look MR. MAGINN GIVES THE RESOLUTION. closely into matters. It was very easy to vote away Mr. MAGINN : lam extremely sorry if this is the thousands of pounds of the ratepayers money. Many rule of debate at Sankey Bridges. I did not call for theories which could not be put into practice had been , this contention. A statement was made last night— brought forward into the Couucil, but he (Mr. Magian) and it was wrapped in mystery—that I proposed a would never put a scheme before them that he could not motion in the Town Council that was most dangerous show was practicable. (Hear, hear and applause.) to the workingmen and to the interests of Warrington. He was a Liberal in politics, a Roman Catholic in This was carried to me by one of the audience, not even religion, and, worst of all, a Nationalist and Home my own friend. I lost a good portion of last night Ruler. (Laughter). He said that to save his opponent pouring over these two volumes (Council proceedings) the trouble of telling them. (Laughter). Mr. MagMn ! which cover my three years' work in the Town Council, spoke at some length and very strongly In to find whether I proposed, seconded, or supported a favour of the religious training of a child which he held : resolution that was damaging to the workingmen or to was as important to its future as was its academic f the borough of Warrington. I have asked to-night not education. The for a speech but for the aunt and substance of that VOLUNTARY SCHOOLS mystery. (Hear, hear.) It still remains a mystery and had saved the ratepayers in Warrington at a rough , the only satisfaction I can get is blackguardism. The estimate £220,000 for school buildings and he held I only motion I can find that has any connection at all that those who had built schools in the past were publio benefactors, and ought not to be deprived of 1 with the assertion—for the assertion made last night their rights. The supporters of the voluntary system could only be made on a platform composed of the 1 same nincompoop money-bags that represented him last should, however' ' remember that it was not tbe Liberal I night—is the one that will be read to you. I leave you party who took the schools from them. If they had 'to judge whether it is detrimental to the workingmen kept a tighter grip on their schools there would have of Warrington. I been no need for the present outcry. Instead, they I The CHAIRMAN then read the following resolution : I trusted the angels of the Conservative party, and that —lt was moved by Councillor Maginn, seconded by body of celestials, the House of Lords. (Laughter.) ' Councillor Barton' "that it be an instruction to each He would prefer that no form of religion should be committee of the Corporation when they have obtained taught in the schools rather than that the Bible should , tenders for goods or for labour required or for both to be read to the children by an atheist. (Applause.) , accept, subject to standing order 47 (2), the lowest But for the Christian doctrine England would not tender, except only in cases where any person tendering support hor forty million people. With regard to the carries on business within the borough and in which provision of meals for scholars, he believed it was their the committee. for special reasons may consider it advisable not to accept the lowest tender and that in duty to feed the children, find ont the cause of their accepting any tender each committee may require the persons tendering to give the names of two reasonable neglect, and then punish the lazy and drunken parents. (Applause.) Mr. Maginn contended that the election had been rushed by his opponents, and said he under- sureties who shall guarantee, or may require a deposit I l' stood they attempted to have it fixed for a still earlier to secure the due execution of the contract." The date, date of the resolution was June 7th, 1904. I ; Mr. MAGINN : I proposed that motion will all good intentions and I believe you will acknowledge it was 1 an honest motion. %/e know that in this town previously, the lowest tender was not accepted, and over and above I that, the best workmanship was not accepted. Friends' goods were accepted at an enhanced price. The only restriction was in connection with foreigners—that is to say, people manufacturing goods outside the Borough —but I gave them full opportunity by my motion to accept the tender of the local manufacturer, even at a 1 higher price than was offered by the outsidar.l (Applause.) I don't think, even to my opponents present to-night, there is much mystery about that. If there is any other motion that I can be connected with, if it is mentioned to-morrow night, and I am given the date and substance of the motion, I will answer them QUESTIONS. on Saturday night. (Applause.) Our dear departed CORPORATION WORKMEN'S WAGES. friend—(laughter)—Did not give the date or substance of the motion even to his own friends. He thought I Mr. C. LEE asked Mr. Magian if he would support a was going to allow him to occupy a workingman's plat- resolution similar to the one introduced at the Town form to-night to give an address. He had enough time Council meeting by Councillor Stott, with regard to last night with the money bags behind him. (Applause..) a municipal coal supply. MR. MAGINN'S CRITICISMS. Mr. MAGINN : No. You would like to be guaranteed your living before you would allow Councillor Stott or Mr. MAGI then entered upon a criticism of the proceedings at his opponent's meeting the previous

VOTE OF CONFIDENCE.

Mr. E. ENGLAND moved a resolution declaring Mr. Maginn to be a fit and proper person to represent the Ward. The Conservative party, he said, had thrown a great deal of dust in the eyes of the electorate over the Education question. He believed that the question should not be introduced in municipal contests, and that the Conservatives were playing the game very low in dragging Imperial politics into Council elections. (Applause.) Mr. S. WRIGHT, in seoonding, said he had always found Mr. Maginn to be independent. He could understand a working man becoming a Socialist, but be could not understand one becoming a Conservative. They wanted representatives who had minds of their OWD. M

night. He maintained that his brother and he paid more rates in the ward than the whole array of wealth on the Conservative platform. Workingmen, he con- tended, would be ashamed of the attempt made to foist ridiculous-doctrines upon them by swells coming in motor cars. They were told that if they did not elect Mr. Broadhurst, they would lose the Empire and St' Austin's Ward would slide into the river. (Laughter.) Why was this great array of power brought against a poor furniture dealer who once wheeled a barrow for 14s. a week in Warrington? What had he done to this crowd? Were they frightened of an honest man getting a public position, or was it that they were afraid he would rob them of their breweries, estates and motor cars? Did they mean to say this array of wealth was brought against him in the interest of their dear friend Mr. Broadhurst ? (Cries of" No.") Referring to the needs of the ward, Mr.Maginn emphasised the necessity for a better approach to the borough. He also asked if the aristocratic portion of the ward would tolerate Sankey Brook? (" No.") Yet the workers at the Sankey Bridges end had to live near it and some of their brothers and sisters bad died owing to that wretched,darnnable brook. The Corporation could not stop the stream but it would not take very much to cover the brook at least within the area where da oiling-houses were to be found. Then they must consider their friends the brewers, for he always loved to have a dig at them. (Laughter.) He had no objection to the workingman having his glass of beer, for he liked a glass himself—(laughter)—but he did not worship the cow that gave him milk, neither did he worship the brewer to whom he paid too much for his beer. (Laughter.) Mr. Maginn complained of the state of the approaches to two licensed houses in the district, which he saw made it almost impossible to get into them dry- shod, and asked whether it was through poverty or meanness that those places were left unpaved ? It would be a great boon to the inhabitants of Sankey Bridges if they could have a waiting-room in connection with the tramways. Would it not be better to achieve improvements like those than to go on the platform and preach babble to workingmen? (Applause.) Were not these more homely truths that were brought home to them by John Maginn' the criminal—(langhter)—than were brought home to them the previous night by the array of swells ? (Applause.) He believed that no house should be allowed to be tenanted more than six months before the streets was paved. From the day he entered the Council as the representative of St. John's Ward to the day he was forced to leave it through the power of the same crowd that took the platform the previous night, he was never a party to any " arrangements," but the ratepayers had the best and the worst of him publicly. He promised to act in a similar way if, as he hoped, he was returned for St. Austin's Ward. (Applause.) Questions were then invited, but none were asked.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF CONFIDENCE.

Mr. S. WRIGHT, in moving a vote of confidence in Mr. Magian, pointed out that Mr. Broadhurst belonged to the party who opposed the passing of the Trades Unions Act which gave the workingmen of this country the facility which they now enjoyed of protecting their funds for their own welfare, Mr. Maginn would act conscientiously for the benefit of the whole community, independent of any clique. (Applause.) Councillor TooLE, in seconding, said Mr.Maginn was coming out under the banner of the party of which he (Councillor Toole) was a member—the independent party. As long as municipal candidates fought under that banner, he would feel it his duty to support them. He hoped Mr. Maginn would be returned, because their party at present was small. It consisted of three 1 members—Councillor Craik, Alderman Evans and him- self, but with the ability and talents of men like Mr. Maginn they would begin to make their presence felt, and perhaps before long they would be as strong as the other parties in the Council. Mr. Maginn was one of the most honest and straightforward men who ever sat in the Council. Because he would not be pulled by any party, he was opposed, and defeated. He trusted that the electors of St. Austin's would show their good sense by returning him by a large majority. (Applause). Mr. J. ELWELL supported, and said the piincipal question was not whether the candidate was a working- man, but who were behind him. There was an old say- ing that those who paid the piper had the right to call the tune. If that were so in the present instance, could Mr. Broadhurst represent them in the Council Chamber as a workingman pure and simple? (Cries of "No " and " Yes.")—Mr. Elwell then showed how the Tory party had acted contrary to the interests of the workers, and appealed to the voters to support Mr. Maginn. The resolution was carried with four dissentients. Mr. MAGINN said he had no donbt there were more than four opponents present, but the others were Con- servatives, and naturally shy. (Laughter.) If they wanted a man out of their own workers at any time to represent them fearlessly, he would advise them to bring forward Mr. Elwell. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19080118_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING TO-NIGHT.

This (Saturday) evening another meeting in support of Mr. Maginn's candidature will be held in Sankey Bridges Wesleyan schools.

===== 0002601_19080118_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BROADHURST'S CANDIDATURE.

A meeting in support of the candidature of Mu James Broadhurst was held in St. Luke's school o Wednesday evening, when there was a large attendance. Alderman W. J. Forshaw presided and was supported on the platform by Sir Gilbert Greenall and Messrs. R. Pierpoint, W. P. Rylands, J. J. Hands, E. J. Hall, H. Taylor, Councillors Roberts and Wilson, Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, and others.

A letter was received from Mr. John White,regretting his inability to attend. The CHarremAN said they were in good company. (Applause.) He hoped they had all come to the con- clusion that Mr. Broadhurst was the best man to repre- sent St. Austin's Ward. (Applause.) It was very right and proper that the working man should be represented both in the House of Parliament and on the municipal bench by a workingman, and so long as they had a workingman to represent them they would be sure of their interests being served. He hoped they would do the same in St. Austin's Ward as they had done in the Town Hall and Howley Wards. (Applause.) Their candidate, Mr. Broadhurst, was a good and industrious man. He hoped they would return him to the Council on Monday next by a large and substantial majority. _ Mr. BROADHURST thanked them for nominating him as a candidate and said, with great pride, that his pro- posers' seconders and assentors numbered fifty, "In the past," continued the candidate " it has been said that the leaders of the Conservative Party are opposed to the _interest of labour."

Mr. RAND-LTISTEIear, hear. Mr. BROADHURST : I thank you for your hear, hear, Mr. Randles. A VOICP • Out with him. , .

- - . The CANDIDATE: " out with him." Continuing Mr. Broadhurst said the Conservative party were not opposed to the interests of labour but did all in their power to serve the interests of the workingmen. A VOICE : This is not a political meeting. Mr. BROADHURST : I want fair play. (Applause.) When the disturbance , had subsided the candidate said" I thank you from the bottom of my heart. lam not opposed to you Mr. Handles." Continuing Mr. Broadhurst said that he had been a trades unionist since he was twenty-one years of age. He was their representative on the Infirmary Committee and other worthy institutions including the Life-boat Saturday fund. He was their delegate on the Right to Work Committee. In reference to the excessive charges for admittance to the Municipal Baths he thought as they had to work amongst the dirt and filth the charges for admittance to the baths were much too high. The price of the gas and water was rather too high and the profits ought to go to decrease of the rates. (Hear, hear.) He had been asked to give his opinion on the Education Question. As a workingman he was going to give his individual opinion. If a Wesleyan or any- body else wanted to have his child educated in his own faith he had a perfect right to have his citild so educated. He was going to ask them to choose between Mr. Magill!' and himself, and if they thought he (Mr. Broadhurst) was not of the same political faith as they themselves they must weigh Mr. Magiun and himself up. Mr. Maginn called himself an Independent but he was backed up by the Liberal Party. If Mr. Maginn was a successful man in the Council why did they not return him again ? Because he was a complete failure. (Applause.) Mr. ROBERT PIERPOINT then moved a resolution in support of Mr. Broadhurst's candidature. He said he was sorry to say that he was the oldest resident in St. Austin's Ward. He had lived there for thirty years. (Applause.) With regard to the Educa- tion Question he believed that every man should be allowed to have his child educated in any way he pleased. He hoped they would return Mr. Broadhurst at the head of the poll on Monday next. Mr. T. CAMPBELL seconded. Sir GILBERT GREENALL supported, together with Mr. W. P. RYI,INDS, who dealt at length with the Government's Colonial Policy and briefly with the Home policy. The Rev. E. C. E. CARLTON also supported and the resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. RANDLES asked : Is Mr. Broadhurst in favour of Municipal Coal Surfply ? The meeting then broke up, no notice being taken of the question. A meeting in support of Mr. Broadhurst's candidature was held in the Sankey Wesleyan Schools last (Friday) evening, when a resolution was passed similar to the one passed at the previous meeting.

For Children's Hacking Coughs at night, Woods Great Peppermint Cure. VII 2/9.—Advt.

JOHN A FR-PR eO., BRWRIET STREET, WARRINQTON WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET IN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT. For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soirees, Meetings, Bales by Auction, &c., In one or more colours, on white or coloured paper, in the most striking type, size 60" x 40" in one sheet,

===== 0002601_19080118_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 5%. SETTLING DAY JANUARY 30TH 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. Consols 2% 100 .84 2% Annuities 100 -901 U% Annuities 100 ...82i Nt. War Loan 2/1/. Red 1910 lOO 98 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO 95 Bank of England Stock lOO 278 India Stock 100 ..991 -

- BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 ..30 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO 351 London and County 20 ..92 London and Westminster 2O 50i zd Manchester and County l7 57 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...48i Parrs 20 .85 Union of London 151 35 Union of Manchester ll -251 cd Williams Deacons 8 .24 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 -100 Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 ..62i Great Central Deferred 100 11 Great Central Preferred lOO 28 Great Eastern lOO ..75 Gt. Northam Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...32 Great Western lOO -124 Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 974 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...107 London Chatham and Dover lOO -131 London and North-Western lOO ...14 London and South-Western lOO 147 b Methropolitan lOO 42 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...65 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. lOO ..66 - North British lOO 371 North Eastern Consols lOO .144 North Staffordshire lOO ...100 South Eastorn lOO ...77 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific lOO ..156 x Eta Grand Trunk of Canada lOO 18 Do. Guaranteed 100 ..97 Do. Ist Pref. lOO ...114 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO 106 Do. 3rd Pref lOO ..58 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE • , Anglo American Telegraph Ord ...100 ...58 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO . Ila do. Def. Ord. lOO ...108 • do. let Pref. 6% lO ..12 • do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% Nat. Telephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...97 TRAMWAYS.

Blackpool & Flee-tw-;Cli'ra-m- WaCI lO ...l2! British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...2 Southport Tramways 5 .3/ SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO 21/3 do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 31/6 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO .101 Bell and Co. Ord lO -101 Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO 61 Chester's Ord lO 102 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...6/ Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...580 Parker's Burslem Ord. lO -101 Springwell Ord .6 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO 21 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 -.82 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum Prof. 1 ..16/6 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 ...20/4L, Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 ..20/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 -23/9 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Prof. 1 20/6 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 .61. British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Pref 5 57 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. -.95/0 Brunner Mona and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO ..161 Buxton Lime Firms lO .6 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 _ll/3 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 .26/0 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 .81, Crosfield (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Prof. 10 ..10 Crostlelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...95 Crosfield, 41% 'A' Deben lOO .94 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 .33/0 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO -91 do. do. do. do. B 8 ...7 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd, Ordl ...28/0 Fletcher Russell and Co, Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO .12 4% Dabs. Red. 100 .94 Hunters the Penmen Ord. 1 ...32!0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cam. Pref. 10 107 Lipton Ordinary 1 .28/0 Meldrum Bros., 51% Prof. 1 -10/0 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 .53/0 do. do 7% Cum. Prof. 5 -.6 1 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. 5 .4 Nantyglo & Blaine 8% Pref. 621 .73 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 .5/ do. do. 6% Cum. Prof. 5 .6 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s -.47 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 .1/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord -.36/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Prof. 4 .51 Salt Union Ordinary .1916 United Alkali Ordinary lO .77/0 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. lO .11t do. do. Deb. lOO _lO7 , Vulcan Foundry 1 27/0 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd 71 „:7 do. do. do. do. do. lO ..9 Warrington Land & Property Co., Ltd. Ord. 1 -17/6, do. do. do - .B Shares Warrington and District Billpost- ing 8; Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...17/G MINES. British South Africa (Char) 1 .16/3 Cons. Goldffeld of S.A. 1 .70/0 East Rand Proprietary 1 .4 Hendersons 1 .2/3 Johannesburg Consolidated 1 20/3 Katfirs Consolidated 1 ..17/6 Oceanas 1 Rand Mines 5/- -.57 Randfonteins 1 .28/6 Rhodesia Exploration l. .16/6 Tanganyika Transvaal Estates The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be . found reliable.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN Werner's' & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works- Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. ElRLass: 3, Market Meet, EemarsTows; Church-street RUINOUS Jan. 18th 1908.

===== 0002601_19080118_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W YCLIFFE CHFIVITL BEWsEY SYREEr, •RARRINGTOP. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JANUARY 19TH, 19D8. PREacurne: RRV. YONGP. 10.39, Alqp 6.3^. USUAL OPPRRTORTR9.

BEws' m Ro, W ESILN: V AN' CHURCH. TP-MORRow (SUNHAT) JANUTiRIr 19TH. 1908. Morning 19.10. Rev. vuTLLTANI MELLOR. Evening 6.30. 11. v. SIDNRY PITT. All welcome. Hymn Rooks provided.

BAPTIST CH 11 RO H. I.ATOFIFORO To-monnow (SUNDAY) JANUARY 190,1908. Morning D.P. Rev. S. S. 141T141-114.P. Evening f. POUNCILTOR JAMBS BALL. 011PRRTORT RP. Service, Tharoday next. at 8 o'clock. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNR TRRET. 0-MORROW, CSI-ND 4Y), JANUARY 19TH. PRFACHYR Rev. JOHN 'FRANCIS HATTHRWS. Morning JA4S. within Thy Walla : Peace." livening E. 30. " The Gospel according to the Devil." Good Preaching. Hearty Service. Come

/ , . BOLT/ gTI ET WRs'Llr, YA N CHITRCB, TO-MORROW (Struns.v) JANUARY 19vrt, 1908. PREACHER •. RRV. JOSEPH MANNING (Lately of this Circuit). Morning 10.30. ANTHEM, Come onto Him (Gonnod). Evening 630. EOLO from Judas Maccabreus " Mighty Kings." MRS. ARTHUR BOOTH. ANTUF M : Arm Soldiers of the Lord (Josiah Booth). MONDAY NEXT, JANUAPY 2Ciu, MIL. MANNING will LECTURE in the SCHOOLROOM. SupsEcr : Henry Drummond Scientist and Saint. Chair to be taken at 7.45 n.m. by JAMES DODDS, RN., if Penketh. POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST. SCHOOLROOM. TO-NIGHT AT 7.30. ARTISTER •--Mlsees MARIS ir HOUGHTON and VTOLBT BROWN, Mr. J. COIIRIN. BLOMMOICIIT : Wee GRRTRIMR MADDOCK. Hnaroutem Mr. D. JOHNSON and IM ViTliff LAWTON. ADMISSION, ONE PENNY. GALLRRY TR7OPFINCII. _

WARRINGTON JUNIOR LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. MEETING, MONDAY NRXT, JANUARY 2:Ta. IN GRROORY'S CAF F 3, BUTTREMARKRT STREET, AT 7.45. ADDREPEI )34 MR. C. F. PARKRP, OM Tbe life of W Vovri Gerriern."

WARRINGTON PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING sOCIETY.—IT HAVING BEEN DECIDED by the Donnell of the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society that the LIBERAL PARTY SHALL TAKE OFFICE and form a Government, all member' who porjewe joining the Liberal Party are invited to meet at ATKINSON'S CAFE, BRIDGP-STRENT, on TUESDAY EVENING- NEXT at 8 o'clock to elect a Premier.

TOSEPII CROSFIELD & SONS, LIMITRD._ ty FIVII PHIL cErT. PP R-PRIORTIRNOB SiIARBS. The TRANS ?KR BOOKS of this COMPANY relative to this issue will be CL091113 from the 17th to the 31st January instant (both days inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and Issuing dividend warrants due February I.t. Dated Warrington. J. B. WATIDLII. _ January 18th, 1908. Secretary.

y OT. en t'...e 3rd January, between Bewsey St 1-4 and Sankey Street, a pair of Steel-rimmed CPECTACLBS, in case.—Finder will be rewarded on returning same to S. BICELLAND, 63a, Bewsey St-

AV. ISHERWOOD & CO., 24, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. JANUARY SALE comisinNoss WHDNBSDAY NEXT, TAINT. 15TH. SEE WINDOWS FOR BARGAINS, W. ISHERWOOD & CO., 24, SANIIBT ST., WARRINGTON.

TH' ' ORPORATION OF WARRINOToN IS ritIiPARED to RHOSIVI4 LOANS, either at al: months notice or for a term of vears. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREAsURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, 2i PER usNr. INiRRRST showed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts witb Cheque Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALrdANACK, wma FULL PArrnouwe, POST PRIM. O. F. RAVIikIbOROFT, SILCRETABY

NURSES ! NURSES ! ! NURSES!!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CASE. AY DISTANCE, NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (FSTIBLISHFD 30 Ygsaa). HOPE HOLSK, HOP O ST., LIVERPOOL. Telepbone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : "Nurses," Liverpool

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz, OOVERLETTB I TAILS OP ) F 8.331 HAIR FRAMES, PORE 5/6 FBox 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWS, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

y EFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST ... PRIOE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGRP A ID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS. MILITARY, THEATRICAL, BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. L4DIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES. BLOUSES, GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, Ito., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHERs,WELLINGTONS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S. 326, 329, and 340, Deanegate, Manenester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No 413

PARR'S BANK, LIMITED. NOTICE IS HKREBY oIVIOT THAT THE 43RD ANNUAL ORDINARY GENERAL ME &TING of this Company will be held at the Cannon Street HAtel, London, ICC., on THURSDAY. THE 23RD DAY OF JANUARY, 1908, at One o'clock p m., for the purpose of declaring a dividend to be payable on 3rd February, electing Directors and Auditors, and conducting the Ordinary Business of the Company. 'I be Transfer Books will be closed from Wednesday. 15th January, to Thursday, 6th February, both days inclusive. By Or"er, R. W ,WHALLEY, General Manager. Bartholomew lane. London, TLC.,

NAT ARRIN GTO N UNION WORKHOUSE.— MEDICAL OFFICER AND ASSISTANT RESIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER. Amended Adrertisement. The Guardians of the Warrington Union invite Applica- tions for the appointment of WORKHOUSE MEDICAL OFFICER (non-resident). salary £lOO per annum ; and for the appointment of an ASEISTAIVT RESIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER, salary ENO, with apartments, rations, and other usual allowances. The Assistant must be single or a widower. Applicants' must be duly registered under the Medical Acts, and legally qualified to practice both medicine and surgery in England and Wales. Production of licences, diplomas, certiflostee, &c., will only be necessary when the Guardians apply for same. Ihe appoirtments will be subject to the provisions of the Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Act. 1898. The duCes will include lectures, Ac., to nurses, medical attendance upon the indoor official staff and general compliance with the Local Government Orders. Medicines, surgical appliances, &c., will be provided by the Guardians. Applications are to be only made on forms to be obtained from me upon my receipt of a resoest for same, ouch to be returned to me by post tilled up before noon on January Selth, 190. Canvassing the Guardians will be strictly prohibited. J. C. SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Bewley Chambers, Warrington.

CONTRACT S.—RICGIMF,NTAL INSTITUTE °inform BARRACKS, WARRINGTON. The COMMITTER of the above is peptised to receive tenders for the rupp v of the following Articles fore period of six months commencing the let February 1909.—BERR, MINRRALS. GROCRRIRS, PROVISIONS, MILK, An.. FRUIT and VRGHTABLES, 888 AD, FLOUR and SUNDRIHS. A SPECIAL TENDRIL FORM can be obtained on applica- tion to the President SEALED THNDBRS to be delivered by 12 noon, the 27 inst., addressed to the " President of the Regimental Institute" and marked on the envelope "Tender fer Canteen Supplies." Warrington, G. H. NOWARD-VYSE. Capt. 9th January, 1908. President Regimental Institute.

WADDINGTON PIA NOS THE LAST WORD IN PIANO CONSTRUCTION. TO BE OBTAINED AT MAKERS' WHOLESALE PRICES DIRECT FROM WADDINGTON & SONS, 37 TO 39, RENSHAW ST., LIME ST., LIVERPOOL W.& BONS ARE THE ONLY FIRM IN TEE NORTH WHO ARE GENUINE MAKERS OF PIANOS SELLING RETAIL, INVESTIGATE AND SAVE MONEY FACTORY, STONfIGATP, YORK. ESTABLISHED 70 YEAH&

HESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL—A NUMBER of SCHOLARSHIPS FOR FEMALES are offered to give thorough instruction in Dairy Work, and tenable for 14 weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worleston, com- mencing February 17th, 1908. Application Forms can be obtained from the Director of Education, City Road, Chester, to whom they should be returned not later than February Ist, 1908.

PIAHOS AND ORqANS. —Chalmers does sell at many pounds less than firms who have expensive rents and swell canvassers, collectors, and other hangers-on. The' public would be surprised at the enormous cost of running a swell piano business 7.0. avoids these needless expenses ; instead of paying £3OO to £BOO rent he pays £25 for a large warehouse, central, but oat of the principal thoroughfare. To intelligent buyers this means an enormous saving. J.C. turnover is larger than many of the swell warehouses. Come along and inspect stock, and you will be delighted with the value. Chalmers allows the highest price for old instruments as part payment for new goods. Note address OHALMERF, 63, Great George-street, Liverpool (10 minutes from Lime-street) ; open till 8 every night; carriage paid any place. PllLl9o.—Beautiful toned " Collard " cottage £7. Payments arranged.—CiLtxxizsa, 63, Great George at., Liverpool.

PIANOS AND ORGANS.—Chalmers, 63, Great George it., Liverpool (10 minutes from Lime it.), instruments retained from winter hire ; magnifioPnt upright iron grands from £l2 by Hopkinson, Allison, Kirkman, and many other famous makers, "equal to new" and at one-third oilginal cost ;In fact, "make your own price and terms." Come early If you desire to secure a real life-long bargain at prices charged elsewhere for old rubbish, " worn out 30 years ago." Come along, and if you have £4 to £6 to pay down you shall secure bargains that will open your eyes to the long prices charged elsewhere. " Fully warranted by written guarantee." Carriage paid any piaci, by CHALMERS, 63, Great George it., Liverpool. Open till 8 daily.

P AT CRALIERRS, LIVBRPOOL.—ArrivaI of I new magnificent upright Iron grands, sold at swell warehouses at £3O cash. fiNALMBRS' el/ASH pRICH £l5. %.1 At Chaimerr, buyers with £4 tr. £8 to pay down secure these lovely toned grands at Cash Price. See you are at Chalmers as mistakes have occurred to the great loss and disappointment of buyers. CH A LMERS9 63, GREAT GEORGE ST., LIVERPOOL

It fp it INIAGBRL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. 811BFFIBL MARE, WARRANTED, PONT FREE Es. Bd., Is., 4s. tin.. AND 61. 031) J. 0. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Orcnnd By English Lahr. Looal Agent: 3. HIMSWORTH. Market 11‘l1, Warrington.

THE MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL DISTRICT BANKING COMPANY LIMITED. IrSTABTARHIID 1829. SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL. £9,480,000. PAID-UP CAPITAL, .£1,898,000. RESERVE FUND. £1,685,000. IMHEOTORS: SIR EDWARD DoNNER, BART., Obli!Man. EDWARD TOOTALL BROADHURST, ESQ., Deputy Chairman. GEORGE B•1413oUR, Beg. MTLEs KENNEDY, Beg. EDWARD PARTINGToN. lISQ. JOHN FREDERICK CHEETHAM, BeQ., JOHN FIRIXDRRION KNOTT, Rag. JOHN BANDERSoN, Nag. M.P. 8/R WILLIAM MATHER. WILLIAM SMITH, Beg. HENRY HAvive, ESQ. I JOHN PARKS. IreQ• I ANGUS A. G. ToLLoCH, E.G. EDWARD B. DAwRoN, ESQ. MANAGING DIRECIONS : ANDREW BERND', ESQ., PETER JFFFREY RADILAY, BBQ. • HEAD OFFICE: SPRING GAIIDHNS, MANOHbSTRR. Manager: JAMES BRoADDENT. Sub-Manager: D DAMMED FRASER. BRANCH OFFICE: RING STIIBBT, M&NOHESTBR. Manager: J. BEECHAM MARTIN. LIVERPOoL OFFICE: WATER STREET. LONDON OFFICE: 75. CORNHILL. HZ. Manager : PETER A. YRARER Manager : 'ilium FERGUSON. Sub-Manager War. JoimaTotr. Assistant Manager: Jamas Aram:. LANCASTER OFFICE, CHURCH STREET. Manager: HERBERT CLTTERALL. AND 173 BRANCHES AND SUB—BRANWIES IN LAINCASHIRP. CHESHIRE, STAFFORDSHIRE, SHROPSHIRE, YORKSHIRE, DERBYSHIRE. CUMBERLAND AND WESTMORLAND. BALANCE SHEET, as at 31sr DECEMBER, 1907.

The Sale of The Season STILL PROCEEDING at & WI DUTTON'S 16, 18 &20 SANKEY ST., Warrington. I We wish to impress upon our Customers, and the public generally, the absolutely genuine character of this Sale. As we do not buy in for the Sale, purchasers can be quite certain that all goods offered are the remains of our Winter Stock, and it is imperative for us to clear in order to make room for New Goods. Genuine Clearance Sale Previous to Stocktaking.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LTD,, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL, REMNANT SALE. MONDAY NEXT, THE 20TH INST. AND FOLLOWING DAYQ, THE ACCUMULATED REMNANTS AND ODDMENTS FROM WINTER SEASON AND CLEARANCE SALE, AT GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRICE. G. IL LEE & CO., LTD., LIVERPOOL.

W. HODGKINSON, Ltd., ARE HOLDING THEIR STOCKTAKING SALE of High-class Drapery & Furnishing Goods. BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. E. WARREN, 131, WILDERSPOOL RD. Warrington. Telephone 54, WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MEReHANT. COAL, LIME, BRlClii! FIRE-CLAN GOOOl. DRAIN FINN. cEmIiNT, PuAsTER, &c. Agent for the ACCRINGTON BRICK & TILE CO., SKE!..SEYS' ADAMANT C6MENT, T:IE NEW LIME CO., Buxton. ENQUIRIES INVITED.

THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS. From .14.RT1-lIIR MOUNFIELD, Tel. 350 y. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In Red or Salt-glazed Finisb, 135. 6d. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on application.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OM TO SUPPLY THEM

STOCKTAKING SALE RN R EJAA NT 2 011thE ,D 0 UF ECBT 21 20. NdS . D Furnishing Stores PIONEER Bold St., liverpoo . Carpets made and i Linoleums laliaditfer. Curtain & Roller Blinds CASH or on EASY HIRE Special Discount madeco un fee. off Linens, &c. free. PURCHASE TERMS. All purchases _over 40s. delivered FREE to any Catalogues and Terms FREE. Railway Station in Great Britain.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK RD., WARRINGTON (TelepbOne 179), BRE ER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout. Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No.l Strong Ale, Worthington's and Ailsoop's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and .Teffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE, Also MAR upscruPicps OP HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

DATTI, .IkIKLBA, CARUSO, KUBELIK, LAUDER- ETC., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. All you require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. EVERY RIVIORD and every type of GRAMOPHONE, ZONOPHONB,and THOMAS RDISON MACHINE in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, 74A AIN D 7E, RENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARR HD., LIVERPOOL, Tel, MX and 431 X Royal. StiND FOR LISTS POST FREE.

PIERPOINT AND CO., PRIZE MEDAL BARBET, 125. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BEAT.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJO:4. ‘,ZIRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. OFIN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of A. Chanot). 57, RENSHAW STAR RT (Corner of Benson street), LIVERPOOL.

Important Notice. WI 411 Duno's Stock to be sold at LEE'S SALE Having purchased the Stock of Mr. DUNN, Draper, Sankey St., at a big discount for cash, The Sale will be extended ONE week ' Commencing TODAY, when the above stock will be offered at a Tremendous [Reduction. W. J. Dunn's Stock to be sold at LEE'S SALE. After the Sale T. J. LEE is REMOVING to the Premises lately occupied by Miss Garner.

_ BE57' AND r ,116N7ES PARTHES . ti . • -11111111.1"--° / • . .$.. Van Routen's 0 , ! ...._4ll. .4s. -......i_____ • CIM . • :-. . If

Between Meals when the children so frequently require a little food, give hot milk soup, made with Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour and good sweet milk. This is a particularly light food, and the Corn Flour prevents the milk from curdling and makes it easier of digestion.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS ON LADIES HAVH DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FRON DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 10 °MANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling alter Ideals. Loss of Appetlte,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Fleart,Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities aril all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. is. fie 95.45. 64. and Ili. DE. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 POBTONELLO-HaLD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

VERNET-LES-BAINS.—THE FAIIADISE OF TUB PYRENBES. Bright Winter Spa. Not windy, not damp. MODHBATB OHARGBS, apply for BBOCHURB• KIECLILkG BROS., VBRNBT-LBS-BLISS, SOUTH MINOS.

' LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 A 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOYE COXTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL ROB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT. -449 H AYES' S IL ESTAIIRANT (KEPT By OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, nonce &C. TESTIMoNIALS PROY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

GBROG SHORTHAND. —Do you with to learn Shorthand with little trouble P The Gregg system fulfils every requirement and is easy to learn. We teaeh by post,. success guaranteed • trial lesson free. —BIETWEILEITLE'S CENERAL COLLEGE, Liverpool.

SHO iTHAISD thoroughly TAUGHT by post, personal attention, exhaustive descriptive lessons, Gregg and Pitman Systems. Success guaranteed. Certificated Teachers. Particulars free.—BIRTWHIEITLE'S Central College, 10, South John it., Liverpool.

m ATe dLuOc aCt I! A teesTti . ga vn ye a sh o imn eel u vi et h. thg oovreoh 25 r mo atud•nt required; premium 16 guineas. —PRINCIPAL, Clifton College. •

Ai R. ERNEST WILKES, A.L C. 11., Professor Of al Music. Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Churela. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certiflaates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms .apply 134, LovELY LANE and LEGR ST.. WareiratOß

WORTHING. Stsyne Fchool for Boys end Steyne High School for Girls. Separate establish- ments. Thoroughly modern education . for Boarding and Daily Pupils, moderate fees, Physical Culture a speciality. Cricket. Football, Hockey, Tennis, Hale Shooting and Swimming, Cadet C and Carpenter's bilop.—Apply PRINCIPAL. MANCHISt.,T R (.14ANINIAR SCHOOL. Fee £4 4E, and £5 ss. per term. The NBXT THEM BEGINS JANUtikIY 14th, 1908. E !trance lixamination, Monday,January 13th, at 9.0 a.m. Prospectuses and forms of application, etc., may be had at the school. The boardiag-house iu connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. Preparatory Branches at Central rd„ West Didsbury, and LeineAar rd., Higher Broughton. OWHN W. COX, Receiver.

QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON 13 HICATH,V7ARFUNGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY bCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. The next term will commence on Thursday January 16th. PROSPECTUS, References and Views on application to MISS PARTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

riplitilsit DRAUGHT II ORIE3 and two Cabs. Five Wagons and gears for same. May be seen working. Will separate.-2, SPESELAND BUILDINGS. Canning Place, Liverpool.

IN SALE, CHOICE of Three HORSES, all quiet to ride and drive aged 8,5, and 4 years; one and. three, grand steppers ; two, suitable for polo or hunting,--Apply DEAN PowELL, Bireblev, Wigan.

To MARKBT CIARDBNBRS and Others. —Welsh Bred J_ in-foal Mare IE-3, 7 years. in foal to good bred home ; been running in Van and Light Wagon ; price £lB ; also Hustle Cart and Harness, £s.—Apply 24, kiULBERRY ST., Oxford it.. Liverpool.

\diV ANTED, 2) or 40 tons of BWHDHS, also 10 tons of good Hay; good market price given. 200 tons of good Manure for Sale.—Apply W. BLACKBURN, 56, Hornby it, Bury, Lancs.

WANTED, SITUATION as GARDENER, experienced in all brancties,grapes, cbrysanthemums,&e. ; abstainer; sxcellent references.—DAßDENEE, Woodville, South Reddish, Stockport.

BUYING AGENTS WANTED; new invention of grea utility, makes all garments rainproof ; liberal terms shopkeepers' speAallty.—J. FlillEli AND Co., 19, York Place Leeds. Sample 6d., post free.

ITERR !—Do you want an appointment? Sanitary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor, £lOO to £350. Postal Course Lessons now commencing For Liverpool exam. Fee 251.—IdUeltaXP, Sanitary Ihspert, Sunderland.

yiRGINI m A wants thousands of far labourers and domestics. Good wages, good climate, work year round. No free passages. no fees. Particulars free.—Address CAPTIIN THOMPSON, Virginian Agent, Morecambe.

IANADIAN FARMER DELIWATE,Dr. Dayles,ot Alberta, , attends Wright' Tourist and Enalgrattm 0 ffices, Watergate at.. Cbe,ter to advise. Firmhands alai Se rvanta Want.d Immediately; excellent prospects; must pay own fare

fINTARIO, th. Principal Province of Canada. Healthy climate ; fertile toil ; free education ; cheap farms : abouuding prosperity. For pamphlets awl information, apply, PETER BYRNE, Ontario Government Agent, 7, James st , Liverpool.

BUYING agents required for sole trade sales in each bust- nese centre of Our smart Id. lines ' Bermo' pure toilet soar, • Berm° ' liquid cement, &e. Samples free. For lowest cash prices, trial orders, write Mclaxoew WiLsols & Co., 3, Albermanbury Buildings, London, B.C.

KBACHBRS Xtr aCKERS KNACKHRS ! I Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance ' up to 16 miles— J•3f ES TOOLS AND SOAR LTD., Manure Mann- facturers' Longford Works, Warrington, Telegrams, Toole, Lonstford Work., Telephone 299, BEREtY'S ACME SHOE POLIStiINO CABINET, containing Pure Bristle Brush, Patent Tube of Black I or Brown Waterproof Boot Polish (never dries on), and velvet Polishing Pad, post free, l,.—W. BHIIItY, LTD., Blacking Works, Homerton, London.

" EIGHT" KY for Railway Carriage', Dogcarts 1 Pm, steel. British make ; sample ; oarria/e paid; 3d. W. WRIGHT & 03., 8, Well Court, Cheapside, City, Agents wanted.

IHIf STAGa. Ladies and aentlemen wishing to join the profession send 61. P.O. for book of advice and our offer of free tuition to Box 4, " aaylleid," 41, Oxford et , Blanchester.

DLANKRTS.- NO pairs White Cloth Blankets. spiendi value, 3s. 11d. per pair, carriage paid, two pairs 71. 6d Satisfaction guaranteed.—ciTy TRADING Co:, 6Pa lace 6g. Manchester.

B RAUTIFUL NEW OVI4IIC.AI', double-breasted, long, dark grey, Hoed, worn once, too large, suit gentleman, about sft. Ain. cheap, only 45a.—WALTER PERTT, Caton, Lancaster.

\AT ESTRRN EXONANGN, 27, Haat it , Newton Abbot. Phonograph, not A tor, 4s. 6d.; Edison Gem £1 ; Gramopbone PI. ecords exchanged free. Bend stamp for special nos offer.

BUSINESS MEN use our overdue account reminders and ensure prompt settlements, saving TIME and HO &ray. 55. 1,000 assorted.--8. T. hiomusox AND Co., 7. Richmond rd„ Leytonstone.

F WOOD, finest selected from 21. per loot. Choice JI2 parcel 9 feet assorted 2s. 63, post free price list ld. stamp.— KOORE, PARRY and Co.. Fretwood Department, South rd„ Southall.

ARVIILLOUS OFF/OIL—We will send post paid for 131 1.. 34. one of our Famous Ladies Coloured Overalls, worth Is. lid.; width 54 ineh.s, full length.-41ExastALee, Pinafore Makers, Mastwood, Notts.

DISH, FISH, PISH.—Can send Morecambe Flukes, 3s. a I: wore; Picked Prawns, 15. 3d. quart, Potted 4s. a dozen; good Mussels, 31. a bag; cash with order.—Apply T. SsriwnEtt, 117, Lancaster rd.. Moreulmbe.

ABSOLUTELY FERE LI M BRICK laet lines by prize winner. Only condition, I receive 10 per cent of winnings send stamped addressed envelope, state require mente.—DixtN, Hythe rd., Willesden Junction.

GOOD LIVING guaranteed selling oar Straw and other Hats, competition defted. We trust respectable Hawkers, Milliners ttc. ; for particulars write—m.I.3I7B,LO- TIIREHEI DIRFCT SUPPLY On.. 14, Hlgh Town rd., Luton.

PECIAL FOR PHOTOGRAPIIHRS.—Don't fail to ask your Newsagent for the Photographic News.' Two- pence weekly. Splendid value ; superbly illustrated. bpecimen free.-9. CECIL COURT. Othri OR Cross rd.. W.O

BARBICD FENCING WIRE In i-ow. reels, 2a4 yards, 7s. per reel ; Pain GalvAnized Wire in 1-3 wt. bundles, 7CO yards, 12. per cwt. Wrought Iron Standards, Is. 3d. each.— (W.Dep.). BuTLEB, Bell Works,Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

A A . A.A.A.a. The Stock Bachange ; the Direct 13... Guide, 1908 edition ; a new method ; a treatise on successful SpeculAtion and Investment with small same.— Free on application to CASTLEMAIN Et & Co., India Buildings, Manchester.

ARAIN BLUOHRRS.-4,000 pairs of new sewn Bluchers Will send one pair, any size. for ss. 6d. ; Waterproof Overall Leggings, 2s. dd, pair ; either post free. Cash returned if not approved of, J. GABSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

LINEN by post, from makers, 60 articles 21s, •, 1-1 ladles' underwear ; send ss. or 7s. W. for one each night, chem, and kniskers ; say if white, unbleached or flannelette required; money returned if not approved.— XaB73IOND & BON, LTD., Tiverton,

THOUPAIIDS list the new ratet ut Alalumiuu. AttguoAment clipped to band inside hats enabling them to hang any- where; the 1903 novelty; agents wanted ; illustrated parti- mars Id., sample 7d.—NOVDEL CO., 92, Bexley rd., Northumberland Heath, Belvedere.

ULOAN SUPERB BOOT POLISHES. The latest out V and the best. Shine like patent. Put up in ,3.1. and Id. tins. Write enclosing stamps for sample 3d. Tin post free.—VlTLClff P 01,1311 Co., Cyril at.. Northampton. Agents wanted in every town in England.

GVANIZiiD CORRI'GrATED SHEETS, all wssrranted sound, 3ft,, 9cl ; 4ft., Is. ; bft., Is. 3d. ; 6!t., Is. 6d. ; 71t., Is. 9d. ; aft., 2s. ; 9ft., 29. sd. ; lOtt., 23. Bd. bads ; ridging, 31. per ft. ; spouting, 34d. per ft.—(W. Dep.), BULEII, Bell Worka, Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

rllO F 1111THRS, RTCL—Wir.h CuLatraw, Sadler. 3, Copy Nook, Blackburn, has for quick Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness. also 1,030 sundry lots Bridles, Memos, Saddles, Breeching', all parts Harness, tte. ; 200 Collars, all "lam from 31. each ; Riding Saddle, 15s. ; New Set Harness. £4 ; Chain Gear., 30s.

61111111R110 TOILET soae.—For limited period, to _L) advertisa, 3 tablets in picture box, sent rost-pald for 73. P.O , 2 boxes, it. ; 3 boxes, is. 53. Heliotrope, violet, rose, Sio. Purity guaranteed.—Mcbrroan WlLson. 3 Alder- mgnbury Buildings, London, B.C.

TIISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Shops fitted cora- l' plete and business taught, if you want to make money have a Supper Bar, we hold the largest stock of fittings Range's, Peelers Cutters, ,to. List and particulars free.— BIABBOTTS", 71, Paradise at., Liverpool.

("WENS I OVENS ! OVENS II ! Bakers and (lon- teeth:mere and Pork Butchers, we are In a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask For list and full particulars.—MAßßOTTS., 71, PArsoliee et., Liverpool

TAPANESB NOVELTIES, within the reach of all.-25 v., Hand-coloured Postcards ; views, galena, to.. Is, 6d. ; 12 gold-lacquered postcards, 21. : 12 hand-painted postcards, 2i.; 12 band-coloured exquisite bromide postoarqs. 2s. 6d. Postal Order accented carriage raid ; any Japanese Curio supplied; catalogue free. —JAME.' BAWLS& Co., Yokohama, japan.

A LL PHONOGRAPrisi give perfect results when fitted with the new new unbreakable " Filamentine Diaphragm," which ensures the loudest, sweetest and most natural reproductions possible. Absolutely tone-perfect price 2e. Fitted in to your own reproducer for Es. 3d. tree Money-back offer.—FnamENToarromE Co., Phone Repair Experts. 790, Middleton rd., W, Oldham.

rPO INVMSTONS.—Rquity of 48 substantially built well let weeklies. One lot or separately. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and station, Gross rental £922 71. Price £2.3oo.—Apply J. SP.tIIROW, itoleston House, Fallowfleld, Manchester.

VREEHOLD FARMS FOR SALO IN CANADA. —Prices from £lOO to £2,000. Free Gazette containing full particulars on application. ENQUIRIES SOLICITED, W. D. Ma CALLUM, TRURO, NOVA SCOTIA, CANADA.

10110FITABLB POULTRY.—Pure Breeds Pay. I will IL send 6 purebred hens or pullets with unrelated cockerel, Buff or White Orpington., Plymouth Rocks,White or Brown Leghorn., White Wyandotte. for 50s. Approval. " Monthly Hints " the new practical poultry iournal,ls. 6d. per annum, 20 pages,speelmen copy f ree.—Ataarrr,Sawbridgewo rth, Herts.

PSONS PURCHASING RUSINKSSES can be accommodated with Capital at MAURICE AND Co., 31, Cairo at.. Warrington.

BUSINBSSBB WANTIIED in or near Warrington, price from, £5O to £lO3 (prompt cub); must be genuine.— Pull particulars to COWDELL Business Agent, 31, Legh at., Warrington.

LI TART a Business for yourself from anywhere; two guineas starts you with stook, goods, and printing ; large profits at once.—Write THERMO MFG. CO., Dept. 9, 11 Finsbury Square, Loudon, B.C.

IPOR SALE GEN kRAL GROCERY BUSINESS.—Stoek, J' fixtures and good will, price £l5; good shop, house (with bath), and stable.—Apply B. Pr; 103, Corner of Earl and Longford at., Warrington.

QTART A BUSINIISS for Yourself from anywhere ; two guineas starts you with stook, !wets, and printing ; large profits at onee.—Write TIMM") MANUFACTURING CO., Dept. 12, 11, Finsbury sq., Lonrion, B.C.

O N SALE, National GAS ENHINE, 4 N.H.P. (tube) ; good condition ; can be seen working; gas bag, tank two fly wheels. etc. ia bargain. Offers invited, price £2s.—Apply, 48, KENSINGTON RD., Southport. peTHNT OFF lOW. ANCHEISTEII, BEITABLISIIED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment.andpossesspractinalknowledffe of the ootton,woollen awl iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price fld, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price le. GEORGE DAVIES, & SON, V.1.P.A., 4. ST. ABM 13 SQUAIMISANGHHE3TB33.

OHILBLAINS AND BAD CIROULATION cured by one 1,../ bottle of Kurol. Alto indispensable in cases of Rhea- mathm, Sciatica, Ac., le. 2d. poet free.—KtraoL 00., 27, South Jam et., Liverpool.

BALDNESS.—Why despair when 6d. will bring you a large sample tin of the wonderful 20th Century new hair- producer. If you have failed elsewhere try this (sent in plAn wrapper), send at once to M. REED & Sore, 133, The Grove, Stratford, London. Id. Melee mention this paper.)

DR J._COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, A_A.STHMA, NEURALGIA RBFUSH to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE.. The original can be had of ALL ollitmisrs if you show you are not weak enough to accept an Imitation. COLLIS BROWNH IS THH NAME.; is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 61. the prices. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

2/- BOOTS. 2/- Pa PAIR. LADIES OR GENTS PER PAIR- FOR A POSTAL °RIM It VA LDS 21. and a little assist ance as directed in pushing the sale and advertising our " BHPIRS FOOTWRAR," we will send you without any further charge a pair of high-class Boots which you could not purchase in the ordinary way of trade for less than 8/- This Is an advertising offer and cannot be long continued. We want you to show our boots to your friends. We want every purchaser to become an Adve,tlier. We ask you to help us in this. Show the b3ots, say what you paid for them. They cost you 2/- and no more. Send now. There is nothing more to pay. State size and whether broad, narrow or medium toes are required. If you do not know the size of your boots, send a piece of string shewing the length. WARRINGTON, HOLLAND & CO., 235, 11101 f HOLBORN, LONDON. W.C.

r.F. UNBREAKABLR GAS M. ANTLE3 Attound the World. Simple dozen, poet free, 32. 93. T. SHARMAN, 47& 48 MARKET HALL, HARROGATIV.

GARNETT'S • NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GA RNETT'S•

Ing Craminer *ertes THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHIII9IIIIIII EXAMINER is published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Psper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick. Padgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district coyere I by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract In South Lance- shire and Mid-Cheshire. rICRI4 RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 marr log. It is the best weekly paper in the Town land District, and offers the best and cheapest factlitiet to Advertisers. rll/1B WIDENS EXAMINER, published every aticurday X morning. Widnes contains the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry THE EAttLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, X published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golbarne, Haydook, Lowton ,fto The district thus comprised is a most Important part of the Lancashire coal fields 91118 ST. HELENS BEAKINSH. published every X Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley Cross. &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pttEPAID A DVERTMEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE BOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. ' Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... oe. 65. ~. Is. 3d. ... Es. 05. ... 3s. 95. ET ... Os. 95. ... Is. 10d. ... 3e. 05, ... ss. 05 38 ... Is. Od. ... Es. 65. ... 4s. Od. 6s. Pd. 45 ... Is. 3d. 3s. Id. ... 51. 05. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. scl. ... Os. Bd. ... 6s, Od. 10s. Od.

-- TETE EXAMINER. JANUARY 180, 1908.

—_.,____-_____ - -.......-..-„,,,,,,.?„.- ----:-.. ; ,„,,, ' - -," • r "-.... , , -----:--- ---7-------------------------_:- -4- ..e,.---------- \\ ~.„ .. . .. .. , • . . ,a,... . .liii'''' ..,4 - -I _ _ -_ =--- . : ;sr..: - .' --,7: ' • , .--- - -; ----------,-.---. - . "----- '-- --------' -••••:.‘\\\\\• \ \ '',."' 'IV,. .• - . .., 7. - .----",-, -'--•,.,.-7"; -----, __,,--------....__.,_, - ------ -,-,-----....._..-------:-""7--...----:-------t•--, ~,„ \ v '7- 1,,,,-.„_-'------•---,-.2--,-,_,A,,--=', 'NA \\ \N 5 flaw ' • ---- ----- -- -r.,,,,,.. -,-. ....,-___„.,...,-,,..-,,,_-_,,,...--, \\ \\ vall, , -.,- -.-:--:-.2-_,,,......-. :.::::--,..;-,...--,.._‘\ \ , ',11.5,,t..,-..f.• .. - - - ' - - • :--.. . -.r.. -.--.-- --- \ • ,I\= ~.:'-•---.'"-------. \ 0 - - - • • • f• 'lentil lc ‘ure. -----,-_-_----.---_,..-----,-,--- --..-.!----------,-,=---_ --•,‘ ' 4 the - - - -7-..i.,:._,.._-__. ..-----,,-,•:----„,::: '. • ._.. -_-_-___ -•:-...z------7::----- ...,-- --•---• '. , A . * :-- •=, . . ,_•-r- .. . . 2.-,...:,--ik-,,. .. : -.,. ,v, . scientific _ -- ......,. .........fz.,,, 7 - ...,,,,,s- 's,.. • healing ..,7,,..:?..i..--1--,.....,;.--....% ...„.:,,,- medicine ' 't•----:-1.--,._-...----z' - ,• <,. ---,...-, -' is needed to - ' •,.. ---7-'---- '''''.."-:- bring ------,z-- .•: --- g your ..-.1 rt,„,-.--- -5,.. --. A:..41---...4•41:- shin back - ',"•:,.4 . ;:\ - '-l'•-•:= r••-•',...,= ''.› -,'",:* to health. . ,••:: • .".• 4,•.,i- - •••'. , ',- l!." ' ''''' Ns.,:-: ~-,-, • • --, ' • „' . ,:',..\. &:1k..-' .;.,' ...\ : Zam-Buk is :. made b ‘xe- • • ----''"'---• •"., --k' •.%7: k : N.,.: y a s• ,:' `'---, -*.4, ' ',„,.. N,‘,\,„, z., \ '' secret and won- * , derful scientific ~... Aa. , '.7.,:,,.k v process, of rare .'"' ''.\. vege.table juices , A.*,..., 'V.,;\,'‘,,, -4,,kN,'..\., 4'4', • and saps, and al- • , .-,.;.40 '4, s",•`'Z',..' - • ~,>, ways ready for use ' parts a:;'. . •*, ‘4. ; \,‘ ',4-.,,,•'' '7'7'7' immediately it is . -If - .'••', • ;,‘,.N,„'"`r.;l, wanted, It is Tel -q- -i :.;.' #uk for every day hol • use. Of all Che- . ~ IS lid or 2s r -. : ' 4,.:.,. -'! At: t-- ...;f,*- .7"..74", ••••,-- '. ' - .1. ' .--, -, - ,!' -q -: .4 .!ZTe.,...7 .• ...,,1,".. ..;',/,......,,,,,..,:t .".....',, ....,, FRE E . ,*- : . - :. ,- . „ . ~,„,. A dainty sample box will ;4 ' 1,.4" •• - ~... 7r::-.,..; be sent you if you cut ... , ... . ' 'L.-- out this coupon and send ,S ... ;.,..,. _ , ' "' . ' 44. ' '''' ' . ' ~:,.c.r,;:, Id. stamp to the Zam- "*. et''''z'''''''' . -1',., Buk Co., Greek St., Leeds. Warrington Examiner Jan IBtb . (_ , ••• 1

r row— ft,A LK noco a h _ •-e 24//9 CS/ iL - SkmdOrd

J IJ You simply drop a id. tablet of Ju-Vis -",...?"—yi into a breakfast cup of boiling water to . I , • ' -,,,t,i .. make a most wholesome, delicious : - , it'' r " , BEEF TEA ...1.1 „ improved by valuable yegetable additions. u p Tablets sold in Id., 31d., and mid. sizes. 4 ' Fluid Ju-Vi mans rtfertefarclaTle taam=l.l4=elta;ol. 4 Id. ~. 207.. bottle 61-d., 4oz. tild., 80z, 119.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS Fo More SOFT LIMBS :when Starched Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be need in every house. ONCE TRIED, OALWAYS TRIED. jher-_, MAKES OLD LINEN B2b LIKK NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to OA Laundress lot imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, etc. It does - not stick to spider-web like materials. Bond by Grocers, Chemists. Stores, etc iLlacio-ts at id., 3d., and 6d. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, CHEMIST BLACKBURN.

HOIPINGENCOUGH ._ CROUP ones IThe Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal:Medicine ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacious in cases of BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM Price 'is. per Bottle. of all Chemists. - W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng

' LADIES.—BEWARE! FROST. cup WINDS 4 HARD WATER wal soon spoil your SKIN An COMPLEXION. BEETHAM'S 59 Resdi it however, a Sure A t'sfeedglYtecTi• WriV;Vg their ill KEEP THE SK ROUND IN SOFT AND SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR . Bottles Is., 25. 6d. of all Chemists dr. Stores. M. Beetham & Son. Cheltenham. ,

Ju•t Published. Cr. Bro., Cloth. Price 33. 6d. net, 'The Master Beast' A.D. 1683-2020. By HORACE W. C. N EWTE. A Novel, to vanquish Socialism, giving graphic account of the ruthless tyrseny indicted on th• British People by Socialisiu in A. 13. Mo. "A veritable triumph." —Western Morning News. MONISM? An Antidote to Prof. liseckei'l "The Biddle of the Universa." 137 8. Ph. 111 A ItCUS, M.D. Trans. by R. W. ?ELKIN, M.D.. etc. "Digtxray goo4,"—Chriatian life, Cr. gr0.,144 pp., Paper rorers,l3. net; by post is 24. L•ErbOrs: RiBMAN. Ltd., 129. Shafteshrry W.C.

FREElturaranoe Guide by Independent Experts. kpply :—RITERS & CO., 11QUeelalOt0r1a St., London, s.c. LADIES TO ENSURE a tasty dinner, and please their c0.,1:, should present them with a I,i. packet of °rasa-Thick known as Yerand's Gravytbick. If your Univral Provider can- not supply you ask him to write to Inventors, Yeratid Co., Honor Oak Park, London, S.E. lteluse imitations.

300 GUINEA LpT N s offer the following prizes to those who send in the largest number of wrappers taken from packets of LIPTONS Tea. The wrappers may be from -lb., or i-lb. packets. The 1-lb. wrapper will count one, . wrapper will count two, 4 and 1-lb. wrapper will count four. 1 sit PRIZE, 100 GUINEAS 2nd PRIZE, 50 GUINEAS 100 PRIZES, ONE GUINEA EACH will be awarded to the competitors sending in the largest number of LIPTON Tea wrappers on April 14th next. The awards will be announced and cheques sent to the sticressful competitors on May 14th, and the judge's decision must be accepted as final. To small consumers who think themselves unable to save a suffi- ciently large number of wrappers to win one of the above prizes A SPECIAL PRIZE OF FIFTY GUINEAS will be awarded to the competito; who sends in the largest number of LIPTON wrappers collected from friends and acquaintances, with the names and addresses of the people from whom these wrappers have been obtained. If you think you cannot obtain a number of LIPTON wrappers large enough to win the First Prize, compete for this SPECIAL PRIZE. Ask a friend to buy a packet of Liptons Tea and give you the wrapper. The names and addresses must be written on sheets of foolscap in the handwriting of the people from whom the wrappers are obtained, and the number of wrappers enclosed must be written clearly on top left-hand corner of the first sheet. Please observe carefully the following simple conditions: 1. On April 14th send your wrappers, in one parcel, to LIPTONS Wrapper Competition, 35 Surrey Street, Strand, London, W.C. 2. Name and address, and number of wrappers sent must be clearly written on paper, and enclosed in the parcel. 3. Wrappers intended for the special prize must have the words "Special Prize" written in the left-hand top corner of the parcel, and names and addresses of the people from whom v-Ippcis have been obtained—written by themselves on sheets of foolscap provided by the ' competitor—must be enclosed in same parcel. Growers el the Finest Tea the World can Produce, CITY ROAD, LONDON. 25,000 Branches and Agents all over the Globe.

i 3 \ir \/ f-41P-.0.-.4.41i.F.;• , #.).\,-,- -94, • .... ..,f 1.6, Y clp ~.,r),•:, Amethyst and Pt art ,/,,A 56,,,, Brooch, iSI .12.6. .4-ki • , ,-.... , • a ,r,-' ' 41 g!ig,4rtt, Y .0 . 7i7-`r -:: ;1e,t„....:..) ~-:.- 4,1, ----..,,i\-%, .w..4r, . ,_......„ .:... .11-',,i, ?-•-..7'-tt-el • r.--1-t_, a, ••."..!!!,1' . ... _ _ iei Am, eitdhanyst, e t and3.o Pearll A: ietliyst and Pearl Brooch, Amethyst and Pmml Pendant, £3.5. 465.5. ~,,...71:/,--t:'• , _ \ Amethyst and Pearl Amethyst aud Pearl Safety Brooch, 24'-. Safety brooch, 16/6. ' ". -• ' Vililielif, ) ''i4°' r---- :'" C.l,lr_zilr,lrAitzir I -..ess. ..„..:2...,,,/,....0y...3/.../). - • ~' `--.1,:- -7/ -sej-____, "°,' Amethy-dt and l'i mk, Es Obtalpable . - t... -44/1%/11:11110% I Many other ~,-'" ~,,. ,Lisi_e) , "he Zimgs ~ ,-;_t :•,,.., Designs in , 141_4 1:14} , , Bracelets, N't...,,,44.1C.,!%-., ......-' 1/Prolig? . .' SYSTEM OF Brooches. ' 41.1)F, r. .- - ' ':1 —," t.*'`F..o,' '' VP' MONTHLY Amethysts, Diamond 8... PAYMENTS POilltS, Elmo. I• AL Can Price. ILLUSTRATED No 1, of WatCheg, Chains. Ringa (with Size Card)..Tewellery. ... No !., of Imperial &Saver Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit, Cases, Clocks. " • .. • ~. .. BOOKS FREE. IWtty and*yet Inexpensive Articles in Silver for presents. 62 Br. 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

ENSON'S AMETHYST JEWELS.

Are you Bothered 9 by Biliousness Many people are. It is a very common form of liver trouble, and a very unpleasant one, involving sick-headache, nausea, dizziness, and often complete prostration during an attack. When you are bilious you require something that will effectively stimulate M.. Liver and give speedy relief, and there is no better medicine for this purpose than BEEcHAm,3 • PILLS because they act directly on the congested organ, regulate the flow of bile and carry off all impurities. But the good effects of Beecham's Pills are not only confined to the regulation of the liver. The complexion improves, the dark circles under the eyes disappear, the head clears, and the general health is renewed. Beecham's Pills are purely vegetable and a safe medicine for man, woman, and child. Take them as directed whenever there is need to Exercise the Liver. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1i (36 pills) 2/9 (163 pills).

Births. LY'rttuoE —On the 15th inst., at 51, St. John's-road Birkdale, the wife of H. S. Lythgoe, of a daughter. M`GI RATH—On the 14th, at Carlton Houae. Openshaw, Manchester, to Dr. and Mrs. M`Drath, a daughter. SUMMERS—On the 15th, to Mr. and Mrs. R. Le Summers, 27, North-grove, Urmston, a daughter. Marriage. SILVER WEDDING. At the Methodist Free Church, Park Green, Mangles* field, on January 18th, 1883 by the Rev. John Barnes. Sam N. Green to Mary Ann, second daughter of John Gorton of Water's Green, Macclesfield. IN MEMORIAM. In ever-loving memory of my dear Mother, Hannah Owen, who fell asleep January 17th, 1497, aged 70 years. "Gone, but never forgotten." HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, &c. PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, ScCt in the latest artistic style. Auctioneers and Tradesmen. INVOICES, Wiled or Plain, printed to any size 0 pattern, on blue, white, or fancy papers. CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modern type and of the best workmanship. EDUCATIONAL 'WORKS. JOHN WALKER ec CO, .‘ EXAMINER" OFFICE, •

IN CONSTANT FAMILY USE FOR OVER 100 YEARS. ATK INSON & BARKER'S ROYAL INFANTS' PRESERVATIVE. THE BEST FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONS, RICKETS, WHOOPING COUGH, Bottles x/ Li, 2/9, 4/6.
