===== 0002601_19080321_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
28, SANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON. WITH WINN PRLECTION OF OIL PAINTINGS, WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS, PRINTS, &c. ALL THIS LATEST DESIGNS IN

PICTURE FRAMES, MOULDINGS, STUDIES AND ARTIST'S MATERIALS. AGENT FOR THE GLOBE WERNICKE SECTIONAL BOOKCASE.

J. GREGORY, CARVER LED GILDER.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
UNI R LIBER AL ASSOCIATION t MERIING, YOBID6Y MIXT, MARCH 23RD. IN GREGORY'S OAFR, BUTTERMARKET STREET, AT 7.45. Address by Mr. JOSEPH HOWRS, on The Licensing 8111.

ALT THE CO-OPLWATIVE HALL, SOKEY ST. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 22ND, AY 8 P.M. PROMPT. MR. G. H. ROBERTS, M.P. FOR NORWICH, WILL GIVE AN ADDRESS ON " SOCIALISM IN AND OUT OF PARLIAMENT." ADMISSION FERS. QUESTIONS lINVITSD.

BEA UT IFUL WARRINGTON SOCIE CY.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC :UNITING. AT CO-OPBRATIVB HALL,

EANKEY Si., ON MONDAY MARCH 23RD, AT 8 P.M.

LBCTURR BY MRS. HIGGS, oF OLIIIIAM,

ADMISSION FUEL

ST. JO HN 'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON. EVANGELISTIC SERVICES. A SERIES OF EVANGELISTIC SERVICES WILL COMMENCE TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAUCH 22ND, AND WILL BS CONTINUED THROUGHOUT THE WEEK EVERY XVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK. XVANGELIST: REV. G. ERSKINE NICOL (of Withington). ALL AEll WELCOME t COME AIM'S° END BRING YOUR FRIENDS WITH YOU. lIYMN BOOKS PROVIDED—Moony AND SANKEY'S.

PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. AV ARRINGTON CITIZENS' TEMPERANCE LEAGUE. THE LORD BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL AND CHARLES ROBERTS, Seq., M.P. (Lincoln). WILL ADDRESS A MASS IIIEETING IN PARR HALL, IN SUPPORT OF 'IRE GOVERNMENT LItANSIND BILL ON FRIDAY, APRIL 1(111.

pRIMITIVE NI It) HODIST CHURCH. Lig GH- STBSET. CPUIR SERMONS. TO-MORROW . MACH 22ND. Morning 10.3 g. Evening 6.30. . Rev. J. B. BUOLASS. Moume ANTRIM : RE 2 the morning ehineth " (Lshee). AFTERNOON ‘' BLIJA'„ MUSICAL bIiRVICIII, SBLROTIONS FROM A. 8)ifi7,.,"." CHAIRMAN : Mr. O. DAVBY SMITH. Miss tmit (Soprano), Miss MABEL HENSHALL (Con- (EN 0). Mr, J H CORBIN (Tenor), Mr. H. PLIMPTON HIV• At isVENING SIIRVIOR, SELECTIONS FROM pai,•IIN OF PRAISE " (111endellssohn). Miss A. BRIDGB, Idr s, A. WOODLAND, Mr. J. H. COBRIN. Organist: Co' ``• W. CLATWORTHY. Conductor: Mr. A. SPRUCE. -_____LLECTICNS IN AID OF CHOIR MUSIC FUND.

ROYM, COURT TN NATlttc, WARRINGTON. MOHDAY NEM, MARCH 23RD,

AND DURING THE WEEK.

Ms. F. R. BRNSON'S OHLRBRATED

SHAIIIISPEHHLN CO.

MONDAy :-THE TAMING OF THE SHREW.

TUES.DAY CAESAB. WEDNESDAY :-TWELFTH NIGHT.

. _ TRURSDAY:-THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR•

it. FRIDAY :—SITE STOOPS TO CONQUER. lIATURDAY :—(MATINEE AT 2.30), HENRY V. SATURDAY (EVENING), MACBETH. ftTj Pric-,R ite Uanal. Seats mw be balked at the "'bre. it 1 to Daily sal from 8 t) 9 p.m.

_ URRSH IRE LIN R9.—LIV R.R POOL SPRING ,T,” Rekoss. 1978. 26th r.ORSDAY, 'FRIDAY and SATtTRfIY, MialitrlH iu 27th and 28th,1908, a SIIIIVICS of IMPRESS TRAINS so ...be run from WARRINGTON (MISTRAL STATION) ',ZITHER, as under Tht S.M. P.M. a.m. p.m. Vriet -"I4V . .. dep.l 8.35 11.4 1.27 eetu44.4... .....•„ 88..3355 111..44 11_ 2 .40 11..277 tltsßeba , sri, Fares :—First Class 45, Third Class 2.. For return full particulars see bills at the Stations. Live, JAMES PINION, Manager. ___TaToh.l9CB. VV ART4JNOTON BLUR COAT CHARITY the Tb„ROHOOL.—NOTIOR IS H1191418Y GIVIIN, that Quart 7,,, STRIts of the AEOVII SCHOOL will, at their next el et TY Meeting, on the 27th day of April next, proceed to Children (3 Says and 2 Girls) to Vacancies now onieing in the Institution. No candleate will be eligible 1), an application on his or her behalf (forms of which Y e obtained from the Clerk at his Office, 3, Winwick htti'e!,). shall have been made to the Clerk to the Trustees, at .s fourteen days previous to the day of Sleeting. electing Children, the Trustees make Orphan, their t choice. Those deprived of one parent come next in C,sideration, and after them the children of parents who •ve the greatest number and the slenderest means. Dated this 19th day of March, 1908. HENRY GRIIIINALL. Clerk to the Trusters.

- _ --- WAREINGION IIsioxIPTIRENNis,LRNY & DISPENSARY SUBWRIPTIONS "0 DATB. O'Pening Ceremony Contributions , 14,43: fa reensll 11, virftla Long, Ben £ s. d. £ a. G. 10 10 0 Ile 111Rht, Hon. Viscount Cross, G.C.B. 5 0 0 1„._•• Ryland, Massey Hall amounts 00 1.. Oorkt ac. . . „;,..Stesrart Royston. the •;Origlnator of Messrs. . R. Tuck and Sons' Picture Post Card Chain" `l3 behalf of the Warrington Infirmary Bxten— ih Prize a "n. 17th warded by Messrs. R. Tuck , ifikba. .vne 25 0 0 °tint previously acknowledged 14911 9 11 -- „ £15013 9 5 • W. PETER RYLAND9, Chairman of the Bitansion Committee. GBORGIS DAKIN, H,n. Treasurer.

WARRINGTON UNION.-7HI GUARDIANS the INPITH APPLICATIONS from qualified persons for Lkin,ili'Dointrnento OFFIORRS' OrlOK et the Workhouse. dates roust be ranee or widows, salary £2O per annum l'atio? Mi. to £25 together with uniloms, apartments, 'ke• Applications to be sent to the MASTIIIL of the house not later than noon on Friday 27th inst. By order, 3, 0. BUTTON, Clerk to tbe Guardians.

TO eAtt.”,..CRESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. _ PRltstn'llS, FARMERS, AND TEAM 0 gyNS desirous of TENDERING for CARTING /toads ..,CADAM and other Materials for the .Main Poroa focir the year ending 31st March, 1909, can obtain Tender, and particulars of material to be at tCounty Surveyor's Office, Chester Castle, endlloafter Monday, the 9th inst., between 9.30 a.m. I Pan, Don, and on Saturdays between 9.30 a.m: and to be•.,_Tenders to be endorsed "Tender for Carting, „tie 2gstrvered at the said office on or before Saturday, kquint la3tant• The Main Roads Committee of the lowee?_ Council do any Tender not bind themselves to accept the . 4;11"•—• March, 19os. RRY F. BULL, County Surveyor.

No 1619

Tel. 414 Y.

I/ORTON'a ORIGINAL, B RNRLIGT PILLS FOR FEMALES.

In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obet,uotions ; also cure Ansemia, and cause no Injury to the married or single are invaluable. By poet, uneer cover, for Is. lid. or 2s. 91 from EL O. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying-In Hospital,. Dept. 55 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 years.SUPPI,IhD DIRROT ONLY. SELDOM Bvint FAIL. Al, Ladles should send for • free sample of Improved unitary Towel, and Interestinkl tooklet post tree.

DRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE COMPAN LIMITED CHM OFFICE 3 HoLßoriN BAW3, LONDON. Summary of the R-port presented at the Fifty-ninth Annual Meeting, held on sth •March, 1903. ORDINARY BRANOII.—The numbar of policies Issue 3 during the year was S 6 060, assuring the suns of £8,156,845, and rroducing a new annual premium Income of £468,357 The premiums received during the year were £1,481,377, being an increase of £189,106 over the year 196. The claims of the year amounted to £2430117. The number of deaths was 8,243, and 12,328 imdowment assurances matured. The number of policies in force at the end of the year was. 843,206. INDUSTRIAL BEA.NCIi.—The premiums received during the year were £6,661,671, being an ineresse of £162,603. The claims of the year amounte i to £2,563,090. Tne numoar of deaths was 281,990,and 1,494 endowment a asuranoes matured The number of free policies granted during the year to those policyholders of five years' standing and upwards who desire to discontinue their payments, was 128.429, the slumber ha force being 1,290,758. The number of free polices which became claims during the year was 32,104. The total number if policies in to ce at the end of the year was 17,45°,835; their average duration exceeds eleven years. The assets of the company, in both branches, as shown in the balance sheet, are £68,006,?.34. being an increase of £4,119,276 over those of 1908. In pursuance of the policy indicated in the last report, a scheme was approved by the Shareholders at meetings held in July last, admitting Industrie' Branch policyholders, and the Superintendents, Assistant Superintendents, and Agents to specified shares in the profits of the Company. The Directors are pleased to announce that In the Ordinary Branch a reversionary bonus at the rate of £1 12e. per cent. on the original sums assured has again been added to all classes of participating policies issued since the year 1876. In the Industrial Branch a bonus by way of addition of 5 per dent. to the sums assured will be paid on all policies of over five years' duration. which become claims either by death or maturity of endowment from the 6th of March, 1908, to the 4th of March, 1909, bath dates inclusive. MOB/IAL BALA.NOII SHEET OF THE PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED, BEING Trill SUMMARY OF BOTH BRANOHE9, ON THE 31sT DECEMBER, 1907. LIABILITIES. s. d. Shareholders' capital Reserve funds ... 2,550,000 0 0 Lite assurance funds Claims under life policies admitted £68,006,284 3 3

===== 0002601_19080321_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
at Hi. ma ies

===== 0002601_19080321_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
)re key he vas ted de erg

[blio thst lted )vecl ities lose

ould their ,ting tier'

ay. 1 for that lfare 7ould. uncil r the n the

eport was were mdect

under. 1g tber,. woula ratiofl. h the Go the red Be an, as the ed the ns atei eetio.gte Ley di"'

Le bes • StotD lardso6 Lon tile sion.

nt-rottd; iatioD!!

ch lit _.•

7Al•gt Worn, e Oa ris-r°:es 1.1

===== 0002601_19080321_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
7 „........_. t: • 1 -...- N ti, - . •:':' . .' ( • 'r•••. .. . . ~..... . , L-, Lf7 '1 --N.— • Q........., 1;: : ; A - 4- , • 4. t . •' 11l • ~,,.. .os. -* OP ....... I . . , . ..

ONE PENNY

sis..PrimEolkY, 11/114.E1C1-1 21, 1908.

Season will be made on

ROBBERY AND CONFISCATION.

Our FIRST SHOW for the Sprin

TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY next,

arch 2l4th & 25th & following days,

By postlis. 7id. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. pe annual. Is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

TEETH TEETH

BOTABLIBRED 18.33.

TEETH TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHESTER, TEETH HATE OPENED AT TEETH 14, SANKEY ST.,

TEETH WARRINGTON.: AND WILL .ATTIIND TEETH - LEVERT W. BORINGLY 11 to 7

Branches at NOBTHWICH and ,ivngsroltD. (Sae Local Papers)

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, wlnvicß RD.. WARRINGTON (Telephone 179). :BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF: Gulnness's Stout. Bases Pale Ale, 13a69'11 No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Ailsoop's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and tdaak's Hon Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER Id BOTTLE. ALEIo MietrYACTIIRERS OF HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WITERSI

WOBISHOP : 48, MERSBY STREHT. PERCY B. GANDY,

SIGN WRITER, PAINTER, GLAZIER,-AND:110115E DECORATOR. ESTIMATEMFEBE• RESIDENCY 234, MANCHESTER ROAD.

PIERPOINTI AND CO.. I PRIZR MEDAL3BAIERY.

125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL V tLUII IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BRAT.

HOE. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT,

"MEAMINBN " OFFICB, 53 51.4.ME8T STRENT, BARLBSTOWN.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSJETF.

...... -.. £ s.' d. British Government securities Indian and Colonial government securities e,250,929 14 8 Railway acd other debentures and deben- ture stocks, and gold and sterling bonds 8,623,412 10 4 Loans on County Council, Municipal and other rates .. Freehold ground rents and Scotch feu duties 4,759.434 0 5 Freehold and leasehold prooerty Mortgages on property within the United Kingdom , 8.687,757 9 0 Hallway, Gas, and Water etocks Suez Canal Shares . . Telegraph and other shares 97,207 4 8 Metropolitan and London County Consolid- ated stocks, and City of London bonds 251 o'9 9 9 Metropolitan Water Board stooks Bank of Brigland Ito, k rlnsilan, Coinnial and Foreign corporation , stocks . 1,770.520 15 1 Foreign government securities Reversions and Life Interests Loans on the company's policies I Bent charges 265,112 13 11 Outstanding premiums and agents' balances h 61,972 3 5 Outstanding 'merest* and rents . Casb—ln handsel superintendents Ditto—On deposit, on current accounts, and in hand 438 432 2 3

£68,006.284 3 3 PRSDK. SCHOOLING,} Joint Manag•l 5. A. C. 1 H OMP lON D. W. STABLE, }Joint Secretaries. J. SMART, A. ii MABEE, Chairman.

IS. O. DB WHY. }Directors. PUGH, We have exemi...ed the Lash transactions (receipts and payments) affecting the accounts of the Arsets and Invest- ments for the year ended December 31st. 1907, and we find the same in good order and properly vouched. We have also examined the Deeds and Securities, Certificate., ac., repre- senting the Assets and Investments set out In the above account, and we certify that they were In possession and safe custody as on.Deceember 31st, 1907.

1:11LOITTR, PLENDRE, GRIPPITHS & Co., 17th February, 1908. Chartered Accountants. Superintendent : A. PLATT. 77, VIOTORIA RD., WIDENS.

4. b. H. A. THOt w. T. ',lined

===== 0002601_19080321_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
.

THE CHEAPEST HIGH GRADE

REDUCED gio7 • TO •

BELLIAN & DAVIES,

FULL PARTICULARS ON APPLICATION TO

SAN KEY ST. WARRINGTON.

• • • •. . .

===== 0002601_19080321_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BICYCLE

IN THE WORLD

IS THE NEW

, , 'or . . . 0

STANDARD

7

===== 0002601_19080321_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRIISENTS.

SPRING FASHIONS.

SPECIAL DISPLAY f'on TuesdaylWednesday :and Thursday

next", the: 24th, 25th;d: 26th inst. IA visit of inspection is invited quite irrespective of purchasing.l

===== 0002601_19080321_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
W. afieDGKINSON LIMITED,

BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COM ['ANY.

LTD.,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR GOOD BOOTS.

UNDER THE CLOCK,

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

STEAM ENGINE REPAIRS CAS ENGINE REPAIRS STEAM BOILER REPAIRS MACHINERY REPAIRS

IRON CASTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS.

Traction Engine Repairs. Motor Car and Electrical Engineering.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
E. FORSHAW & SON

MERSEY BOILER WORKS, Mersey St., Warrington.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS.

TELEPHONE No. 123.3

3181[.. %.Ir4:O3Etiri.ZIUMT PICTURE FRAMER & GILDER, Great CLEARANCE SALE OF PICTURES Consisting of Choice Engravings, Water Colours, Oil Paintings &c. Also Artistic Overmantels, Mirrors, Pedestals, &c. COMPARE`OUR PRICES. SEE WINDOWS. 117, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

GENTLEMEN'S SUITINGS• SPECIAL SHOW. If you want some idea of the Latest Designs and Colourings in Gentlemen's Suitings for the coming season, see the windows of

===== 0002601_19080321_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
S. PAGE & eo.

SANKEY ST. (Legh St. Corner), WARRINGTON, who are making a Special Show of the Latest Novelties.

E. WARREN 9 131, WILDERSPOOL Warrington. Telephone 541.

WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MEReHANT. COAL, LIME, BRICB.;1 PIRE-CLAY6O9Ds. DRAIN PIP. CEMENT, PLASTER, &c. Agent for the ACCRINGTON BRICK & TILE CO., ?:K.4;,YB' AGAIAN2 CRMENT, T3K NEW LIME CO., Button. Er:Qualms INvrrEn.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
J.

SMITH & WALKER

ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCKIOF NEWEST GOODS FOR SPRING WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAI4NCOAT.

Telephone 382 Y.

Aci&EtHErr GrrirrE, vstmtnxiqb-Prorr.

L '."-:' ...- L

,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CRICKET CLUB.

Annual Meeting.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Cricket and Bowling Club was held at the Lion Hotel on Monday evening under the presidency of Alderman Forshaw. There was a good attendance. which included Aldermen Tinnion and Pierpoint. Mr. R. T. Fairclough, Mr. C. H. tinsworth (hon. secretary), and Mr. R. H. Silcock (hon. treasurer).

THE FINANCIAL POSITION. Mr. R. H. Sncocx presented the balance sheet, which showed that the balance due to the bank had during the year increased from £l2O 3s. 2d. to £153 Os. 4d. He explained that the large deficit was accounted for by the expenses incurred in repairs to the fence and pavilion which amounted to £6l its. ed. The gate receipts totalled £33 15s.and the subscriptions £217 12s. Mr. R. T. FAIRCLOUGH suggested a number of ' economies whereby he contended the annual working ' expenses would be reduced by £47. In addition some special effort must be made to liquidate the debt. ! Alderman TINNION said that if they went on during the next few rears as they had done during the past twelve months, the efforts of the Committee' I would to a very considerable ettent reduce the i annual loss. Something special must be done to ; wipe out the large debit. balance. The Committee . had certainly kept down expenses in a very praiseworthy manner, and he was pleased to see the subscriptions had risen from £2Ol 12s. to £2lO 9s. Gd. , __ If they were going to have a cricket club, he did not ______ believe in cheese-paring. He would like to see , The Travelling Age.—King Edward's plans for his increased gate receipts. Something would have to be ; holiday abroad have been re-arranged, in consequence, done to stimulate the interest in cricket in Warrington ! it is said, of the possibility of Cabinet changes. The and the committee in starting the works competition 1 Mediterranean yachting trip has been abandoned, but did a great deal. He did not think the public appreci- • the King and Queen are next month to pay their long- ated those efforts sufficiently or the gate receipts would : promised visit to Denmark and Norway, which was put have been larger. I off on account of the assassination of the late King and ' Mr. W. RICHARDSON said the balance sheet was not a ; Crown Prince of Portugal. The modern travelling had one, if they omitted the cost of the repairs to the habit is fully shared by the sovereigns and rulers of fence and pavilion. In fact, if they excluded those Europe, and a great change has taken Place in the items the club had paid its way and had £l9 to the good i respect since the time of King George 111., who never on the year's working. i once left his kingdom throughout his 59 years reign. : On the proposition of the CHAIRMAN seconded be That change, however, is one of inestimable benefit not , Mr. FAIRCLOUGH the balance sheet was passed. I only to the Royal Families, bat also to the various : A discussion then ensued as to the best means to he 1 nations of Europe, and one welcomes the announcement adopted to wipe off the debt. ! that the Queen of the Netherlands is likely to be Mr. W. D. JEANS, jun., suggested the appointment of ' amongst the noyalties paying us a visit this summer, a committee to consider the matter. It would not be Another distinguished visitor will be the French Presi. wise to starve the cricket in any way. He desired the ! dent, who is expected in May, and will bs accompanied bowlers and cricketers to work in hcrmony, but still l by Madame Falliisres. The President and his wile are 'cricket was the principal thing and they ought not to ; coming to see the Franco-British Exhibition at do anything to interfere with it. They should consider ; Shepherd's Bush, and will be entertained by the King the advisability of raising the subscription. I and Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and will I Mr. R. H. SILCOCK said they ought to be able to ; be lodged at York House during their stay in London. ! organize a successful fete to he held in the summer.! High-Fares for the " Better Half."—Norway unfortu- The last fete realised £350 and be thought they would I nately is too far distant for week-end trips for visitors l' be able to raise sufficient to pay off the debt and build 1 from this country, but it is becoming every year more i a wall on the river side. popular -as a summer holiday resort, and when husband • Alderman TINNION thought the matter should be left ! and wife travel together on the railways, they are in : in the hands of the committee with an intlmation that ! future to pay only a fare and a half. That is an i the club expected them to take it into serious consider- j additional attraction, as presumably the concession on ! ation at an early date, with the object of placing the ; the part of the Norwegian railway authorities is to be ! organization on a healthy basis. I extended to foreign visitors. How the hooking-office 1 Mr. UNS WORTH said the committee were quite alive ! clerk, or the ticket inspector is to identify the lady ris • to the necessity for an improvement in the financial i the lower par. the traveller's wife, is not very apparent. People do 1 positiou and during the past two seasons had suggested e inches apart, s ewing a little waistcoat of white The neckh • and fronts are bordered with not travel about with their marriage certificates, and 1 various things, including a fete, sports, and a voluntary — fronts being left a few although some men might say that a worried look would ! subscription by the members. They had always been cloth brown silk braid. Over the shoulder there are be sufficient evidence that the man was married, the faced with the difficulty that they could not get the square-cut epaulettes, outlined with braid and brown little lady might not be his wife, but possibly his country ! members generally to take an interest in it. He sug- the plain coat sleeves are finished w.ei ' cousin, or somebody else's cousin. The railways in 1 gested that some of the younger members should come ; ssitlrka,vro braid-trimmedu round d trimmed t hec crown, with folds , f o Thealnd ds hat i s o f finel ' tobfreubluoor afnuclurbrown Norway are managed by the State, and on the face of it : forward and help them to get out of difficulties, it looks as if the State thought that the Norweigan ; It was ultimately decided to ask all the members . lroo husband was not to be trusted to travel without his Present what sum they would be willing to subscribe to wife. It would be a good thing if our own railway ; reduce the debt, and promises to the amount of £54 17s. blue quills across the front. . ' authorities would offer similar inducements to husbands t were received, to take their wives whenever they are thinking of ! A committee was appointed to approach the other' BECOMING STYLES. country or seaside trips, but one is afraid that the members. There are few styles more graceful than the company are not sufficiently trustful to follow the 1 ELECTION OF OFFICERS. ! mi-Empire, or mi-Directoire, as they are called. example of Norway, which although it sounds a little 1 Mr. FAIRCLOIGH then proposed the re-election of the nthael but in frontthewaistisvethrye shhigeahtha_tliktehesktcretnetrietheorf utopian is only a just and reasonable concession to I Alderman Forshavv as president of the club. The alder-. he h ffiotsrmcsloaselkyintdo of princess and in ianbsolutely those who marry and have but one income to live upon. i April Weddings.—April is a favourite month for man he said, had taken a great interest in the organize- many instances,defining Society weddings, although Easter coming somewhat: Hon 'and had he (the speaker) believed, brought them late this year, the time will be short between the , MOTO 11e.7 'members than anyone else, usual in front, the skirt falling in straight, severe the figure, or the waist is slightly higher than usually avoided season of Lent and unlucky I Mr. UNSWORTH seconded and said that during his Brides, as a rule, do not care to risk even the shadow May' i term.ofbuoffibcae taken secretary there had been few presi- t o World, st For a good figure a real princess gown is most folds from it, as well as from the high back. inplatinhe lt7riecomluningg,eldinegcliaurgesskirt "Ambrosiape rfect'l'y of an evil omen. Prominent among the weddings of dents w d en a greater personal interest in the club then Alderman Forshaw. interest in diplomatic circles will be that of Viscount ' ' • • 1 The proposition was heartily carried and Alderman Errington and Lady Ruby Elliot, which is to take place ; , . . • - 'd h would d 11 • ! FORSHAW In returning thanks said e wou o a in during Lent on April 4th, at St. Margaret's Cnurch, . above, the waist line, and thence taken up as far h• fulfil the to the best of his ability. Westminster. The parties being the son of Lord , is power toduas the bust in lightly-draped folds. Fashioned Cromer, and the daughter of the Earl of Minto, it will !He hope that rio the comity, year the whole of the like this is a beautiful gown, for table d'hoto be a union of two families eminently distinguished in ' debit balance would e wiped . gb Osuf and that they would wear, of the softest, lightest chiffon velvet, be able to place something to their credit. the service of the Empire. Another April wedding of i reseda-green in shade—for green in every pO5- general interest in political quarters will he that of ' &lisle tint IS to be the favourite colour this seconded the re-election of Mr. R. H. Silcock as hon. • Miss Muriel Whiteley,daughter of Mr. George Whiteley, 'treasurer and the meeting showed unanimous approval, spring; it is sheath-like in the way it fits the M.P., chief Liberal Whip, who is to marry Mr. Stanley i hips, and daintily wrinkled around the figure to but Mr SIT COCK said he had definitely decided to Jamieson. The wedding will be on April 30th, and , " . just below the arms. The whole of the upper will attract large crowds of Parliamentary folk. The i resign, part of the bodice and the quaint clinging After some discussion Mr. Robert Lowe was elected Queen's Maid of Honour—Miss Margaret Dawnay— sleeves are of lovely transparent lace, the is . treasurer nd Mr. It. H. Daintith assistant treasurer. also to be married next month. She is to marry the ...c a . severity of the front broken by an antique clasp HA TTIMAN moved the re-election of Mr; Rev. Rowland Grant, and the wedding is to take place -.I" and a large bunch of violets. , Lnsworth as hon. secretary an said e d 'cl h had been on April 23rd in London. The Lady Recruiting Officer.—Mrs. Paterson, who indefatigable in his work and it would be impossible HYACINTH-BLUE DRESS. to find a better secretary , Hyacinth-blue cashmere is used for the effec- has become famous as the "lady recruiting sergeant " , - ' Mr. ALFRED SILCOCK seconded and the proposal was tive dress shown in our sketch. The sl,' ' was moved by the kindly desire to find a career for the : skirt is a unemployed lads in the Sussex town in which she lives, ~.heartily agreed. to. plain, graceful shape, and is raised high at the Other elections were , .es follows :—Match secretary, up it seems that most of her candidates failed to come u first eleven, mr. B. waist-line behind, giving the desired short- • Mr. W. H. Podmore ; captain of urst eleven, . . . up to the Army measurements. The first two she took waisted appearance The bodice is tucked on Silcock ; deputy captain, Mr. William Richardson, jun.; up to London were selected. and turned up next day the shoulders and the fulness draped across the captain of second eleven, Mr. E. Pierpoint ; secretary after having tramped the 25 miles without any money.igure, the wide armholes and the fronts being of Bowling Club, Mr. Thomas Cooper ; captain of One of them was then taken on for odd jobs in the I bordered with Oriental trimming. A long stole Bowling Club, Mr. R. T. Fairclough ; auditor, Alder- house, and in course of time, being all the while man Tinnion ; committee,cricket : Messrs. B.Silcock, E. encouraged to make the best use of his appetite, he ; passed triumphantly into the army. Since then Mrs. Pierpoint, J. W. Bibby. and W. Richardson, jun.:bowlin. : Messrs. R. H. Daintith, J. B. Isaac, J. ' Paterson evidently blessed with the most amiable of Pearson and John Lee : tennis : Mr. R. G. Pierpoint. cooks, has fed and fattened up a number of young men who were physically deficient, but have eventually Votes of thanks to Mr. R. H. Sileock for his services passed the Army standards. She receives a fee o as treasurer, to the secretary and the chairman, con- 2s.eluded the 'mee i t,' ng. ed. " bringing money" for each recruit which does - -•- not go far loy way of a monetary recompense, but Mrs. ; Paterson is quite content, end suggests that people in a good social position might do a great deal of good by training up undersized unemployed lads for the Army. • The Nursery Walls.—Many mothers nowadays have their nursery walls covered with self-toned papers, and maniputate the frieze and dado themselves. A capital and inexpensive idea is to trace upon thick brown paper : animals. figures &c., cut them out carefully ; and finish them off with dashes of Indian ink, and white paint. They should then be pasted on the walls, care being taken to render the effect harmonious, and artistic. Studies of the children of all nations, animals and Rowers, prove of great interest to the small folks, and much can be taught them unconsciously in this way. i The Georgian Waistcoats.—With our coats consider- ably cut away in front, often only just meeting over • the bust, more attention than usual is being paid to - waistcoats, mid the long square-cut variety in vogue in ; ---- early Georgian days is preferred at the moment. Satin Immortal peace, so welcome to me now. almost covered with quaint Egyptian embroideries, is While anxious thoughts are banished from my bro‘ the fabric usually employed for these Georgian waist- Fain would Ito thee grateful homage pay, coats, but modistes are also using brocades for the Oh, blessed angel, canst thou with me stay ? purpose, some of the brocades being lavishly worked over with gold or silver thread. Those fortunate How often hest thou in this world of strife individuals who happen to have by them some such To leave us 'mid the stormy scenes of life, choice and suitable little remnants—perchance picked But oh, how happy when thy face we see up at sole tine—would do well to bear in mind this Returning with the smiles of liberty. particular use to ehich they can be put just now, a So loved and fondly treasured in the heart. prevailing idea among the well-dressed being to secure Too oft, alas, have we with thee to part ; for a waistcoat some fabric not commonly met with. Above the sorrows of our mortal race Materials Shot and Shaded.—Quite a craze exists for The world is not thy loved abiding place. shot materials, and we now have shot chiffons, which, well-manipulated, make up into delightful evening When folly reigns with selfishness and sin, blouses, and entire gowns. There is quite an epidemic Thy blessings pure can never enter in ; too, of shaded fabrics, which perhaps look better set Nor canst thou ever with ambition stay, forth in the shop windows, and in showrooms, than on Her paths are not where kind affections play. the" human form .divine." Certainly when employed exclusively, for a gOWO, they spell failure, the bast and When for position we the truth betray, For worldly honours leave the narrow way : safest plan being to use them in the form of trimmings, These often bring us many a secret care, Th ' - and for bows, scarves, and sashes. One of the most g successful shading schemes in evidence Isegin ling .'' that h • r • % And with thy favours never can compare. in cinnamon brown, and ending in a very pale amber, Yet o'er the earth are thy rich blessings spread, while yet another is in egsecla green which fades away O'er every land the happy influence shed. almost into cream colour. To every heart thou art a moment near, Home Made Buttons.—The really well-dressed woman When ev:l sleeps and better thoughts are dear. rarely buys her buttons of ordinary drapers, they are either specially made, taken from her store—which Is • Above the storms that lash the sounding shore, often extensive—or sought for in the art shops. Many Beyond the stars that shine for evermore, clever workers are just now fashioning their own For ever blessing and for ever blest ' buttons, first or 'hit [giving the wooden shapes, then With thee "He giveth his beloved rest." embroidering their initials upon the fabric they intend S. KENYON. to use as a covering. The letters are either plain Ribbleton. capitals, or Gothic characters, padded and worked in March, 190 S.

Shawn in our sketch is a smart little costume of cigar-brown Amazon cloth. The skirt is ar- ranged in pleats, well stitched down in sets of twos. The jacket fits slightly into the figure at the back and sides, but the front hangs quite straight. It is cut with a square tab across ilia which buttons with two fancy buttons,

•I;iias,

end, composed ot two banti. of the trimming stitched back to back, and finished with a blue silk tassel, hangs down the front of the dress. Above the bodice is a vest of coarse lace, edged with narrow gold tissue ribbon, the guimpe be. lug composed of finely-tucked net. The two deep frills over the sleeves are of net, bordered with the coarse lace, edged with the gold ribbon, the net undersleeves being rucked cfo,ely round the arm.

. , -. JU-vi You simply drop a rd. tablet of Ju-Vis 4/Mfg op, into a breakfast cup of boiling water to g make a most wholesome, delicious ' BEEF TEA Breakfast improved by valuable vegetable ad ditions. CUP Tablets sold in id., 311. and mid. sizes. • Fluid Ju-Vis Ttf=pbe; its debaste flavonr. nytb?usualFluid Extracts. Id. 2Oz. bottle 611, 4oz. iid., Soz., 1/9.

, 11, # 111• I \

'art of the

94... . \.. •„rA 2,- • • ~.. ~•;d, A ~tic7):' , ‘ ..:.• ,',..•,,r . 0. - ',4 • • ‘V". 1 1-0-'. • st) l' I , I ' AI ' •,\A I . . , - i // : 1 /, 1 / ,A $ 1 / 1 a 1 q I I 1 ..

===== 0002601_19080321_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TINY HANDEERCHIEF.

We have taken to those that slip into our gloves for evening wear, says the Queen, perhaps because we have no pocket in which to bestow any others, and it is somewhat old fashioned nowadays to carry a handsome lace-edged hand- kerchief in the hand. Glove handkerchiefs, how- ever, Are bordered with lace, with the monogram worked in the corner. A coloured border, with the monogram worked in the same hue, is erten considered a fitting accompaniment to a tailor- made gown, and the purse handkerchief is just a little larger than the glove handkerchief, but has no lace at the edge. It depends for its ornamen- tation on the monogram, and should be of the finest possible cambric. In the summer, when we are wearing linen gowns, embroidered with some particular flower, the tiny handkerchief bordering of the same, and many peopl aye their names on their handkerchiefs embro ered in an exact facsimile of theit- own handwriting.

TO-DAY'S RECIPE. EGG Jr:lieu:S.—Break four fresh eggs into a basin and whisk them lightly, then add an ounce of finely chopped cooked ham or tongue and a good pinch of mixed savoury herbs, also a tea- sooonful of finely chopped parsley; then beat up the mixture and season with very little salt and pepper. Have ready three or tour slices of toasted bread, cut them to size and butter them. Melt three-quarters of an ounce of butter in a saucepan, put in the egg mixture and stir it over the fire till just setting; then spread it on tiae prepared toast and serve hot,,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

McDOUGALL'S Pewit SELF-RAISING FLOUR TaY7ll2 D.

thick silk, upon, preferably, plain materials. Some WOMAN'S REALM. girls who possess names of say four or five letters, embroider one letter upon each button, placing the buttons so that the name reads from top to bottom. The idea is novel, but savours slightly of the name brooch, which is happily rarely seen nowadays. "Allen Rains."—This popular Welsh novelist has THE LATEST IN HATS. happily recovered from her recent serious illness,and is Of all articles of the toilet the hat is the one now at work upon a new novel. The story finished before we like to vary and renew most often, and our her illness, entitled " Neither storehouse nor Bern ' will be published by Messrs. Hutchinson this week, a modistes foster this whim of ours, says our Paris fact not likely to be overlooked by Allen Elaine's count- correspondent, by making hats that render us less admirers, who have long been looking forward just as pretty as we wish, and prettier than we eagerly to another work from her pen. are. Among the many characteristics that ap- MADGE. pertain to the millinery models of the moment, I notice a tendency to elongate the brim of the hat at the back, leaving it quite narrow at the sides and front. This is especially effective with the new mode of hair-arrangement, that is to say, much breadth across the crown, no hair at all upon the forehead, and more bouffant at the back than has hitherto been liked. A few huge hats are still seen, but oddly trimmed in a flat surface that slopes from the centre of the crown to the brim, shirred ribbons making this surface, a couple of bands of fur, with a series of widely. separated roses pinned on between, helping to completely conceal the shape of the hat. This absurd thins-, set low on the head, is rendered most becoming (and it somehow does manage to be very becoming to the Pari,ienne who dons it) by a veil or simulated veil in plain gauze bound with a tiny roll of velvet which stands out stiffly all around the edge like a scant ruffle. Some- times the ruffle is fuller, and is of lace tucked in- side near the hair, white, of course, and im- mensely attractive against well-trained, well- kept locks. __

CIGAR-BROWN COSTIMIE.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
SUGAR AND SPICE.

The old nursery rhyme tells that these are the two things which little girls are made of. Now, although girls are not lnlde of sugar, yet if they did not eat sugar in some form they would presently cease to be girls. Currants are over two-thirds their weight natural ugar, ready for digestion, and are therefore one of Nature's best and cheapest foods. Girls and boys should eat Currants every day to be strong and healthy.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PEACE.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME,

The Examiner Saturday, March 21, 1908.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ] THE HAUNTED ROOM.

fred at a mark. A prize was offered by oat frozen with anger and disgust; I was rapidly gentleman of a pair of very beautifully-mounted revolving a plan for arousing the house and small pistols in a case, and to my great delight having the wretches caught red-handed, when l won it away from all the boys and young with great suddenness they all rose, put on their inoi who competed. I • mention this, as those masks, blew out their lights, hustled their pistols had a part to play in the story I am• drinking horns and a bottle or two into the blip telling. .. they carried, and by the light of a small, dark At Christmas the house filled up from garret lantern which one of Ahem carried, disappeared to be:cement ; and when, on the very day of the . through the small door in the wall—of which , festival some unexpected cousins begged to be they evidently possessed the key—and left me , allowed to come at once to stay awhile it was a standing there in the darkness, rubbing my eyes , Do I believe in ghosts, you ask, my dears ? I puzzle to know where to pack them. The girls of and asking myself whether I did not dream. . Well, I should know something about them, if • the house, and the boys, too, had done everything I heard the step ei descending the spiral stair- there is any truth in what folks speak of as i that was possible in the way of stowing them- case, and then all was silence. I got a light at „ haunted rooms and suchlike. I will tell you my ' selves into holes and corners; and when I heard last—never surely had flint and steel been so story, and you shall judge for and of tha difficulty I at once offered to , give up my tiresome before—and I went into the room and whether I believe in ghosts or no; and my story room, which was a large one. gazed about me. Not a trace of occupation takes us back a long, long while, into days that "But, Beatrice where shall we put you? We remained. I could recall the men's faces, their seem almost like a dream when I look backoto haven't a hole or corner left, except— horrid looks and words; but they might have them; and yet sometimes feel more real to me except—" been so many ghosts for all the mark they had than the strange hurly-burly I see about me now, "Well, what? Anything will do for me. left. I went to my cousins' rooms and roused in this great whirligig of a modern world. What have you got left still? " them up and told them what I had seen, begging I was born whilst my father was fighting the "Why, there's the haunted room at the end of them to send men after the miscreants and have battle of Waterloo. As a soldier's daughter I, the 'West gallery. But it's half dismantled;. it's.. laughter, and told me I had been dreaming; and them apprehended. But they shrieked with ' was brought up to be fearless, and our roving , not been used for years. I really don't thine life, moving from place to place to be near the . mother would like when I returned to bed at last, and woke again regiment, put anybody there." I regiment, made me hardy and strong. I was an ! dinarY sense • "Why, the very thing!" I cried. For, as say, in the morning, I was inclined myself to think only child, and my father taught me to ride ancri I was not superstitious in the or thin it had surely been a dream. to shoot and to do many things which in those about it. Just say , Of the term. "Don't tell your ndothedr anything and The next night I was wakeful and restless. I days were not usual for girls, though they have I've been arranged haunted piled my fire high, and 'thought I should never come more into' fashion since. By the time our that my room is vacant; and give me e. sleep. But at last, without warning, I must revered Queen Victoria had collie to the thronehave dropped off, And then a strange thing i 1 ? It one. I should like it ; I really should. I'm not and had beeeacrowned, I was a slip of a girl of' afraid of ghosts. What sort of a ghost ai a happened. I saw Harold; I saw him plain. Be 't eat me, I suppose?" three-and-twenty, and was engaged to be married wonwas riding along in the darktess; he was singing to a young Captain in the Royal Navy, who had and shouting for gladness of heart as he rode. the "Oh, 1 don't think there's any danger, you But it was very dark—though I saw him plain; . distinguished himself by such conspicuous know. I never really knew what story was. ' gallantry that he was going up the steps of his I daresay it's all nonsense—rats or owlse,a oer and he was nearing a dismal wood; and in the ' profession hand over hand, as you may say; and wind down the old chimney. But allthe recesses of that wood there lurked five masked I was proud beyond all words at having won the the room is never used, and there's hardly any- forms of armed men; and I saw beneath the love of that gallant heart. thing left in it now except the old four:poster- masks the evil faces of the men I had seen in Ah, but those were trying days for gir • ls whose and an oak press or two." that other waking vision the previous night. lovers went down to the sea in ships! When my . . - . We rushed off to look at it, and I was charmed myself wide awake. was out o Then I found lfl t f Harold's vessel was commissioned for service in I with the old room. What did it matter that.,,wr it bed and dressing fast before I had shaken myself far-off seas, I knew that for three years I could ' was bare and full of dust and cobwebs? We free from my dreams. A voice had called me— 'not hope to see him; and that even the chance ' got broom and dusters ourselves. We foraged called my name aloaci. It was ringing still in my ears. of a letter would be most uncertain. There were' for adds and ends of furniture. from other I places My belongings were speedily transferred "Beatrice—my :loge; 1 come—l come!" so many accidents which could happen to letters, i here, and 11 I could h had a bedfellow for the .re, an con have and the idea of a regular mail service to distant' Once awake I never 'paused nor hesitated. I ' asking lam sure. But I saw that none of the lands was scarcely thought of then. We had, j I was dressed 'before I well knew it, The case perfolve, to learn patience in those days,dh and as I had as you' girls really wanted to sleep here; t with my little pistols lay upon the table. I make the not the smallest fear myself, I did not no ma young things can Scarcely understand the word. I loaded both and-slipped them into the pocket of It was a terribly hard parting between Harold ! suggestion. my driving-coat. I opened my window; I 1 The room was not particularly large Or and me; for, of course, we believed that no two , , , climbed upon the sill; I swung myself down ghostly-looking. The window was overgrown, lovers since the world began loved each other as to the ground by the ivy trailers and the to be sure, with heavy ivy trailers; for a great we loved. But our love itself was a bond so ' thick ivy stems. I called nobody. Nobody strong that we comforted ourselves with the: stem of ivy had grown up the wall and a the whole would heed my words. But Harold had called face of it was a mass of twisted stems n strong, thought that it must make in some sort a link me. I had seen him. Peril menaced him. I ; trailing strands. But at this time of year here between us. knew where they were lying in wait for him—my 1 is never much light in old-fashioned rooms, and We had both a strong conviction that there b.glowing f lwouldquickly do love. I could save him, and I alone. ss was a great mysterious truth in Shakespeare's : a big, fire o logs he . eelie s. , I had always been a swift runner. The keen away with dark corners and tog yish f words: "There are more things in Heaven and ; as that' freshness of the air ran like new wine in my earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in our , The most ghoetly thing. about he rtoeco omnewof the veins. By a short cut across the fields I could it opened by a very curious door in philosophy." I do not think we were super- I three f which strike the road before it wound through those floors of the old disused towers, stitious in the sense in which the term is : house.o This dark, sinister woods. I should be there in time still stood at the angles of the generally accepted; but we did both of us believe ' curtain —I knew I should. Harold was coming to me, ! door was covered by a curtain, the cu in a world other than the one we saw around us, and I was going to meet and to save him! ' hiding a small recess • and when you had entered and in forces which governed that world, whose b I • this recess you thought at first that the back o f It did not even seem strange t me t that . o a laws and spheres of action remain a mystery, it was solid wall, but if you pushed against it moment. 411 the wonder and strangeness came to us. h our shoulder the wall gave way slowly, afterwards in thinking of it. As my feet reached "If you were to be in peril of death, Harold," i with Y . sprang over it, I heard distance the the stile and I lightly • ' I said to him upon our last interview, "and your 'and if 'you pushed a certain 0 thoughts should fly to me, I believe that I should revolving door opened wide of its own a o, ee rd— the beat of the horse's feet. I heard the voice if I loved • • h 'troubadour singing a gay song such as a know it and feel it, though the whole world lay i but without any noise—and you found yourself . 1 with another deep recess before you leading into might have sung returning to his love. The between us." He held my hands 'fast in his and his eyes. this tower-room. It was a bare,bat-haunted place, moon struggled from a wrack of clouds and fell looked earnestly into mine, as he made answer: 1 with rough stone walls and 'floor, and unglazed full upon us 'both. "Beatrice, if it should be that we meet no, windows; and only an ancient oaken table and a "Harold! lam here! It is I!" more in this world—nay, look not so, sweet- couple of mouldering benches seemed to indicate "Beatrice! Beloved! How has the news reached?", that once it might have been used as a guard- you . . heart, for we both trust in God, and your prayers ' room of the old castle. There 1 . was a little door 1 We were in each other's arms. At that for my safety will rise up day and night before l moment I felt as though he had never been away. opposite which I was told opened upon a spire .. His throne—yet if, in His inscrutable purposes, I it should be that I were called away, I should be . stone staircase; but the key . was lost so I After a few minutes I was able to speak again— int tell h. the .11 which d him. ° could not make any further explorations in that, ohim e pen menace in spirit with you at the hour of my, death, and I ', believe that He would let me visit you once direction. I found that the revolving door set in I "Harold, there are men in yonder wood—five again if it were only to say good-bye." 1 the little angular passage forming the two of them. They have come to rob you of your I oft,en thought of those words of ours when recesses would open either way and stand open pearls." he was gone. They seemed to make a link when pushed in either direction. There was no "Pearls! What do they know; what do they between us somehow. I felt as though I must sort of fastening upon it. And when it with know? Darling, I come back to you a rich know in measure what was happening to him, as shut it looked like a part of the wall. As, man. My pearls I have sold for a great sum; though -in the event of unlooked-for peril I however, the outer door of the tower-room was but the best I have here for my love—my bride! should have warning, and could plead for his securely fastened I was just as safe as though I wes coming with them to you, my darling. safety with redoubled eagerness and earnestness, my own room were locked both sides. How did you know? That first year of his absence was a sad one I "I expect it's this queer door into the old "You must come another way, Harold. They for me; for in that period I lost both my parents. I tower that has given the room a bad name," said are lying in wait for you there. I will tell you My mother had been failing long; but my father ' lay cousin, as .we finished our explorations, all another time. Now you Must come with me. was still a hale man, and died from the effects of "People have heard rats, and bats, and things I will take you by the field-path home." a chill taken in the discharge of his military like that next door, and have had a scare. You're He set me on hie horse; he walked beside me. " duties at the depot, where we were then not the kind to be frightened that way. ! , He told me of the fever which had seized him stationed. I suppose mother's death had told I was not at all afraid, not even though lin those Southern seas, and how whilst he lay upon him more than appeared; for the sudden Saw I should have to remain solitary in my new sick and nigh to death, the typhoon must have ' collapse of vital energy surprised us all. So I room. I slept in it that very night, quite peace- , swept over the seas and dashed his vessel to was left alone, and had no actual home of my own: fully and untroubled, and the next day the new pieces. He had been picked up by South Sea though haring a large circle of relations and guests arrived. And as they were both very merry' islanders, bound to a floating mast. They had friends, I did not feel myself altogether desolate, and lively girls the fun and frolic seemed to take tended him and come to love him; had made of I had heard once from Harold, at the close a distinct impetus with their arrival. 1 him a sort of king. Ships seldom passed that of his first year of absence. He had got my By the time the third night came I had lost all way; but he had lived in hope, and ix.nntime letter telling of mother's death, and wrote so feeling of doubt or dread about any room. On had discovered pearls in great numbers on the tenderly and understandingly; but he did not the other two evenings I had piled'up an immense shores of that fair coral island. He gathered guess of the other blow which had fallen before fire, which had lighted the room and given me what he knew would mean a great fortune I heard from him. I went and stayed awhile •a cosy, warm light far into the night—long after should he ever come home again. . with his mother, and that was a very peaceful I needed it, in fact, since I slept particularly 1 "I used to dream always of you darling; and refreshing time. I think we comforted one soundly and well. To-night, however, it SO walking with me' up and down those coral another, and we liked to be together when the chanced that the servant had omitted to fill my strands. It was those dreams that helped to winter winds howled and shrieked round the wood basket, and unless I rang or foraged about make the time of weary waiting pass, and I corners of the house. To be sure, the gales the house my fire would not last long after I was always felt I should return to you. God had not which raged round these northern shores would in bed. However, I was tired and sleepy, and saved my life to mock me with lifelong banish- not touch him in those far-off sunny seas; but, not the least afraid, and the weather had turned ment from her I loved. The ship came -at last— then, they were liable to be swept by sudden milder, so that I was not disposed to trouble out of her course—to take in water. I came cyclones and hurricanes, of which we knew myself. I undressed quickly and was soon away with my treasure. I reached London a few nothing, and in that thought lay terror and sound asleep. But I was not destined that eight_ days ago, and made inquiry for you whilst I was helpless anxiety. to remain undisturbed until the morning, negotiating the sale of my pearls. I found out A year passed—rand no letter; another year— I woke with a start in the dead of the night. I where you were, and have come as fast as the and faces looked grave and troubled when the stared round me, but the darkness was intense state of the roads would let me. And I find you Arethusa was named. She had not been heard and impenetrable. Then I became aware of here waiting fot me-,--and m- y secret known! 'of anywhere for above eighteen months. A gun- sounds close at hand—strange sounds 'for the What does it mean, darling? Tell 1110 you. ' - boat was sent out in search of he-, and could Place and the hour—the sound of men's voices story." find no trace. Another year wore away in ever- and an occasional clink as .of metal or glass. But I had no time to tell it then. From my increasing gloom and pain. At the end of that Instantly I was roused. I sat up in bed, and, vantage point on the back of the tall horse I saw time she was given up for lost; and even I, who gazing about me, I noted a line of vertical light some moving shadows creeping towards us. I had hoped on against hope with the confidence slightly widening at the base, whio at first guessed instantly what had happened. One and elasticity of youth, began to keep silence I could not locate. But after a moment's man had been posted as a scout, and he, having when the subject was brought up. I felt that to thought I Saw that this proceeded from the observed the traveller's change of route, assert hope had now become something akin to curtained recess, in fact was shining through the had given notice to his comrades. ° Even now we folly. chink of the curtain; and with a curious heart- were only two to five—and one a woman. But I ' And 30t—and yet—how was it that, if Harold leap between fear and amazeth6t I realised that felt the blood leap up in my veins. I whipped l died, I had had no premonition of it? the door between my room and the tower stood the pistol from my pocket and levelled the barrel ' What I expected I scarce know; but I felt so open, and that the light was shining from the in the moonlight, and I called aloud to the certain that he 'would not have quitted this latter place. Somebody was there! The murmur nearest creeping form: world for over without farewell to me of of voices indicated the presence of more than "Come 1 I fire!" ! " e ten yards nearer, and re some sort. I had often seen him in dreams; one intruder. What right had they there? They ed short in sudden dismay; his stopped I continually we were together in that fairy region could be after nothing good. It should be my Harold woven of our own imaginings, walking together business to find them out and to expose them') shots pistol was out in a moment. - We had eight ' hots before re-loading, and there were only five along some coral strand, with the blue, sunny Truth to tell, at the first moment I felt no They would have to cross the . there was no more skulk- become sky above and the crisp wavelets rippling at our fear. I had an impression that some 'of the men- men, I knew. sey w s, feet. This dream was so constant that it ha e servants of the house, or the valets of the guests, ing?pen behindno hedges. to reach ues. Would they care for a fight become interwoven with the very texture of my were making use of this to'wer-room for a drink-? - life, and made night the happiest portion of the ing bent of their own, very likely not even upon such terms? They did it seemed. Evidently they were twenty-four hours to me. But never had I knowing that the adjoining room was occupied. • . ' desperate characters, and the prize was one worth dreamt of Harold in deadly peril; or felt a How the door came to be pushed open I could he next moment we saw them all lackness and horror fall upon me. Never h some risk. T had I not tell. I did not think that I had left it so. rushing upon us. Harold waited a few moments, seen him, in the way in which others have seen Still, 'I• had prowled round the old stone chamber d then emptied both his barrels in rapid —or have seemed to see—sm ee beloved one whose once during that day, and it was just possible ance • bodily presence is far away. That experience had I had omitted to close the door after ine. f •Any- succession. One man fell; another gave a yellf rage, but continued bounding onwrds • a never been mine, and for that very reason how, open it was. Possibly one of the intruders, o I fired. I h . Then ad never thought to turn any weapon (foolish though it would have sounded to others) knowing the house, had pushed it open to glance against a fellow-creature and I ,fired to hit him I could not truly and honestly believe that my in and see that the room was 'empty. Had my in Harold was dead. I hoped in silence now; but fire been alight that would have betrayed demise-at the same moment Harold disabled a third, but the leg. I did this, and he too fell. Almost still I hoped. tion. As it was everything was pitch dark, for by that time the remaining two were upon us. Christmas was coming round again, and I had I burnt no night lamp, and every ember on the They had fired also, and I knew that the poor promised to spend that season with some hearth was cold and dead. 1 relatives of, mine whom Iliad hitherto only seen Slipping from my bed I wrapped myself up in horse had a bullet somewhere in him, by his wild leap and snort of pain. Next moment Harold's I 1 in. London, where they had a house in which a dressing-gown, and over that I put a long right arm dropped helpless. I knew that a bullet they spent half the year. I had heard of the old heavy driving-coat, reaching to my heels. I did had found its billet there, and in an access of rage . family seat in Kent—half manor house, half not intend shewing myself, but there was a advancing desperation I pointed my weapon full at the : castle—about wlich a so many traditions and protection in feeling well wrapped up. Suddenly, "One giant, and cried out: One step more, and you are a dead man! legends had gathered. But I had never seen it ,as I completed my preparations in the Stygian" till this time of which lam telling you; and darkness, I remembered the ghostly traditions when I arrived there, I found the old place of the room. It was haunted! Could it be Harold had shifted his second pistol to his left buzzing with life, and was quickly drawn into a that the sounds I heard proceeded from hand, and had it full upon the remaining man. perfect vortex of fun and youthful gaiety. denizens of another world? I was conscious Both paused. Their shots had all been spent, and My losses were now a thing of the past—even of a little chill shiver running through my veins as they were running as they fired, most of their balls had gone wide of the mark; or our guardian that loss of my lover, as any friends regarded it. as this thought presented itself. But I would It was considered the a" ht thing now that I not leap back into my warm bed, or forego my angels had deflected their course—who knows ? should be "cheered up.' I was not suffered to quest. I would unravel this mystery to Bic best Our barrels gleamed cold and threatening in the sit apart. (I had to take an active share in the of my abilitY, and I crept cautiously to the moonlight. Suddenly I spoke again : , fun and frolic around me; and as I had always curtain slipped noiselessly behind it, and then "You are the men that plotted this robbery in I a high courage and a dislike to acting in any way with the utmost caution approached the angle Mr. Thesiger's house last night. You may wear as a wet blanket, I threw myself with all the of the wall which would give me the view into masks now, but your faces have been seen. You ' heart I could into the life of the house, and the tower-room beyond. can be identified if ever you dare shew yourselves found that it did me good to be young and merry I peered round the angle, keeping in dense in this pert of the world again ! " • • again, even though the ache at my heart was shadow myself. I saw five men seated at the These words seemed to frighten them more persistent still, and my night-dreams my ehiefest table, but they were not servants of the house; than any threat to shoot. Instantly the fellows solace. that I saw at a glance. And I saw something turned tail and fled. They had the grace to But I did not dream now of the coral strand more, too—something which sent my heart into pause beside their comrades helps them to their and the rippling waves. I could not have told my mouth but which filled me rather with anger feet, and half carrying half lading them, to where it was I met nay lover; only that we still than with fear. These men were highway robbers, beat a rapid retreat towards'the sheltering o , ie seemed to meet somewhere, and that Were was I knew it by the fashion in which they were But plainly their one idea n • now was flight, and an eager buoyancy about him now that had been mined, for all carried weapons, and two pairs Harold turned to me and said: 1 less noticeable before. I not infrequently woke of horse-pistols lay upon the table. More th "Yo han u have saved any life twice over to-night, I with a start in the dead of the night, feeling 'this, I saw black masks lying there also, and the my brave darling, though ig, you have risked your somehow as though he were near me—not visibly, dark, brutal faces of the men plainly shewed own to do it! or not in any distress, you understand; the the character of their lives and occupation. I had got my Harold back as from the grave. feeling was one of pure joy when it came, and I Moreover, they were talking and plotting What did anything else matter? Let all besides would lie tingling all over, scarce knowing together. I could hear a great part what they f o go, I thought, in the joy of that reunion Th • whether I slept or woke. said. They were planning a highway robbery • came a day when the miscreant being* There But I think this strange happiness, which I I heard them talk about pearls (presumably - 'called t identify somes taken, I was upon o them as th did not understand myself, helped me to enjoy jeweller's agent was to be their victim) and had seen in the deserted tower-room. This ' e meal I s t my days all the more. Life in a country house mem,v which the sale of other pearls had bought, place, it seemed, had long been a haunt for bad ' I in those simpler days was a very pleasant affair, I heard them describe a certain spot where the characters, the secret way dan the key of the We rode and walked, some of us hunted, and high road ran by the side of a wood. I knew the door being handed down and a d p sse from hand Jecasionally I took a gun and went out shoot- place quite well. Lhad passed it often. But I to .hand ter many ge • • neiations. So that tho 1 ing with the boys. On wet days we some- could not hear what day or time they purp eti os mystery of the haunted room was thus explained;l times retired into a ,big, empty coachhouse and 't alking this attack upon the traveller. I stood, but what Of that other mystery, of which Harold ___ \ t

Bi EVELYN EVERETT-GREEN, Author of "The Wooing of Val," "A Point of Honour," "The Old Fashion and the New," "The Haunting Voice," &c.

3nd I sometimes talk in whispers—that dream— that call—that sudden certainty which possessed me that Harold was near, and that it was his life which was threatened?

well, those are things which we must leave, my dears. We need not pry too curiously into them; but we may be thankful for these glimpses which are now and then afforded us of that mysterious working of Providence, which ahem how the circle of our lives is spanned and guarded, and that we are protected in fashitms of which we little dream.

_ So, my dears, that is the story of how I slept in a haunted room, and saw strange sights there, and how on New Year's Eve I brought Harold home, to begin the New Year together, with no fear of future parting clouding our spirits. [THE END.

Like

Ghost.

A Mother's Description of Her Anmmic Daughter.

~".e....', . P. \ II 0 I ; '/‘ , -iiiiiiinV;•ltg: II .; '}'' i 4 • ' f .- , Ist:11 1 t f -- . . • • ' a

===== 0002601_19080321_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
How Strength and Rosy Cheeks were Restored by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

" She was like a ghost ! " was the appropriate description given by Mrs. Annie Horrocks of her daughter Martha; a remark that is commonly heard of the many fragile victims of acute Anmia. Mrs. ' Annie Horrocks, when interviewed at 6, Howards Yard, Clayton Street, Wigan, continued : - -

THE TRIAL OF TIIE TEENS. "Five years ago, soon after Martha entered her teens she became quite an invalid through fainting fits. Common medicine failed to give her any relief and within a few months from her first attack, she wasted away to skin and bone. " She could not bear to be on her feet for long because of terrible backaches • and month after month she was racked with fearful headaches. Her cheeks were livid and pinched as though she were starved, and her eyes were dark and lifeless looking. Her lips and gums showed how bloodless she was for they were a waxy white.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SINKING RAPIDLY.

" We did all we could for Martha, but she sank rapidly day by day, and we could not tempt her to take any solid nourishment because her stomach !evoked against food of evey kind. For months she existed on practically nothing but broths ; occasion- ally she would take a little bread and eak tea, but only morsels for fear of sickness.

4 WELL CLOTHED YET EVER COLD. "In spite of warm clothing Martha would sit by a blazing fire, shivering all the time, and saying her blood felt frczen. She was advised to take fresh air and exercise, but the %least exertion left her puffed and panting and everyone c( uld see she suffered from a palpitating heart. Then night after night she complained of neuralgia. "It happened then that an important cure by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People came to my knowledge so I determined to give my. daughter a course of the Pihs.

Pink ,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIF. A.P, C. 01 HER CCRE.

"After Martha had taken a fell boxes of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, she told me joyfully that she felt more cheerful, and gradually the Neuralgia left her.

"I decided upon this to continue Dr, Pills ; and as her veins became filled with rich blood she steadily grew strong and active. "After the sixth box Martha was able to eat heartily and digeged her food well. She lost all breathlessness• and palpitations, regained her lost flesh, and obtained a splendid colour. t!ince then -sbe has enjoyed most regular health and is proof against the common aches and weaknesses of young girls at her age."

MISS HORROCKS WAS A MARTI It to Amernia because common drugs were 9nable to fill her veins with the New Good Blood she needed. Steadily she was slipping into the decline which is the outcome of Anemia neglected. But Or, Williams' Fink Pills supplied the Rich Red Blood of Health to her starved veins and made her strong. These Pills have cured repeatedly all diseases arising from impoverished Blood, Amernia, Indigestion, Neuralgia, Nervous Disorders, Palpitations, and the many ail- ments of the weaker sex. Sold by all dealers, but to obtain the genuine Pills see that full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People is on wrapper ; iu case of doubt send to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 4G, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C., enclosing tls. 9d. for one box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES JOHN WALKER Sz CO.,

lust asly lose s of ich and B of

lept ere, 7old DO

ed her tinting relief she

r long after , Her were )oking. vas for

e sank her to .omach ths she casion-

n, but

it by a ng her •esh air fed and ;uffered ght she

by Dr to my gh ter a

of Dr. Lat she ;ia left

th rich

leartily essness•

btained

I most aches

to fill needed. is the illinms' ilth to e Pills ; from aralgia, ny ail- but to e, Dr. apper ; in Co., N. 9d.

the late adgate- ociation 3nity of service

Lrate-in- el and •esiden t z others .P.G.11. reeman, V.Steel. iaracter "

'ho said emoved he was mthized leir sad !st upon

D. 1907. LTISM,

aid. fGHAM• LS.

!WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOL FOR BANK QUAY.

The final meeting of the Warrington Education Corn- taittee for the present financial year was held at the Town Hall on Monday evening, Coencillor J. Fulton- Smith presiding. There were also present :—The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Alderman Evans, Coun- cillors Singleton, Senkey, Lord, Roberts and Nield, Revs. Canon Stevenson, J. Davies and N. Wilson, Miss Williams. Messrs. H. *Roberts, A. J. Jolley, R. T. Fair- cloneh, C. S. Burgess. G. Walker, T. P. Bradshaw, E. Plinston, C. H. Uneworth, J. Moore 'Alurray (secretary and director), and J. Coote Hibbert (medical orficer of health). THE MEDICAL INSPECTION OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. The DIRECTOR intimated that at the last meeting of the Town Council the proposals of the Education Corn- taittee with regard to the medical inspection of school children were withdrawn on the understanding that the health Committee and the School Management Corn- toittee should meet and discuss the same. „lhe CHATIeMeN raised the question as to whether the committee to meet the Health Committee should ue the School Manacement Committee or the special c°lllinittee appointed to deal with the question of ,_ "Vical inspection. +tun the proposition of Mr. H. ROBERTS, seconded by 'flr'e Rev. J. DAVIES, it was decided that the special 'nnlinittee be authorised to proceed with the negotia- tions. ASSOCIATION OF EDUCATION COMMITTEES' Councillor Fie-lon-Smith, the Rev. Canon Stevenson and Mr. J. Moore Murray were re-elected the coin- nlittee's representatives on this Association. SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. A TEACHER'S ILLNESS. At a meeting of the School Management Committee onsent we• given to the appointment of Mr. Ernest H. s'lrton as head master of the Christ Church (boys') his commencing salary to be at the rate of £l5O Per annum. a It was decided that the Bolton Seheol be opened as as Possible after the Dieter holidays, and that the Chairmane, of the Education Committee (Mr. Councillor ". Fulton-Smith) be invited to perform the- opening Ceremony. The Committee decided that application be made to the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee for the use of the Baths during the approaching sea.son by school PeYa, and their instruction by the keeper of the Baths In the art of swimming, on the same terms and condi- tions as last season. The Director was instructed to ...nnittlunicate again with the Town Hall, Perks and -paths Cornmittee with a view, if possible, to some , ha being made by which school girls may ve the benefit of the existing bathing accommodation at the Baths on say two days each week during the i aPeroaching season. It was noted that the Bo- r Education had not I Tatted a disablement allowance under the Elementary School Teachers' (Superannuation) Act, 1893, to the head mistress of the St. Peter's school and that she Is nennid, therefore, resume her duty on the let April next " the expiry of the leave of absence granted to her. „he Canon STEN-To:so,: moved and Father WILSON seconded adoption of the minutes. PeresToe: referred to the last minute and asked Whether a teacher who was so seriously unwell that 'l'lPrannetitinn was applied for, was fit to resume her n ti ties in April ? The position seemed contradictory and he wished to understand exactly how matters stood. • Canon STEVENSON said he had not got the latest Information as to the health of the teacher hut he .4°Ped it was much improved by the long rest. In the en-rat Place action in the matter would rest with the , —anagers who would have to report to the committee that her health was not such as to enable her to retain the ,Past, and then the committee could take action. ene minutes were approved. It wpeIPFOSED NEW SCHOOL AT BANK QUAY. ,r€Torted that on Friday last the Sites and Town el—ou'n°tnittee, with the representatives of the as to site, M, collsiderod a report from the Surveyor availehl for in the neighbourhood of Wellfleld-street Wards yiqsitedathi)stibaelimeee.lamentary school, and they after- the ado Pler.orox moved and Mr. WALKER seconded Mr. ?bon of the minutes. in te_rol.t.ty asked whether there was any subtle irony irnovn Chairman's calling upon Mr. Fairclough " to " "IR Sites and Buildings Committee." He hoped Would would succeed in doing so, for they lila:lake some moving. (Laughter.) saidr: rUNsTox endorsed Mr. Jolley's expression and ndttelt seemed to him that the Sites and Buildings Corn- or someone else were playing with a very /No, tant question—the building of schools which were WoolielY necessary if that authority was to do the ler.tat was expected or it. %penß • T. FAIRCLOCOIT said a sub-committee was tepoie.‘ed twelve months ago and did Its work of Were 'lng on sites. Its recommendations, however, thonaill,ot carried out as the committee evidently eXaett t they could do better. They therefore stood in Monte° the same place that they were in twelve 11non; ego. The price of each site was to he reported next 111 Probably the matter would come up at the Teeming. mn. ALL ABOUT A SAFETY VALVE. " JOLLEY'S "ANALOGICAL PROCESS OF REASONING." reek 1101iP.RTs drew attention to the minute : "A re4renl the Vulcan Boiler and General Insurance tke %se: upon the recent inspection of the boiler at ue 'ollt Council School was submitted and noted, a naf ggestion contained therein as to the provision of ‘4l).YtileitY valve e merits not being approved." He did not know eon ti:alg about the of the case but it seemed to n t datto7e n the Insurance Company made a recom- Possible ne lt was extremely desirable that it should, if iey "4“,) carried out. He knew of a vise where a rne..lldatintln° vitiated by neglect to carry out recom- re 41. Fe/sand led to a loss of some hundreds of pounds. —anOfth ngtoieorr said Alderman Bolton, the chair- and i• Committee, had as much to do with pipes tare WI! of that description as anyone in Warrington. aat. Fire'tenaars : Nonsense. I don't subscribe to Fe la not an engineer. the : Our Chairman's opinion was that faill.ctY valve: is totally unnecessary. It is not a m Pressure boiler r Ron ..e -ERT4 moved that the minute be net approved. nannathloegSictiabl. oeemr said that being in a state of philosozhic ~144011.1 to Ject he seconded the amendment ev a process of reasoning. If Alderman Oug"ht°Penened it, that was very strong reason why the he done. (Laughter.) e conrse of the discussion it transpired that the en"b!Y did not make the provision of a safety valve iti Thndon of insurance. the a,amendment was defeated by 11 votes to 8 and "nntltes were approved. The VOTES OF THANKS. Man MAYort proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- h or the able, kind and intelligent manner in which loll" conducted the preceedines of the committee Nang the pnst year. Councillor Fulton-Smith, he Wan litislort not a man of many words, but his advice was i:tnd sweet. They had had some excellent chair- :Zaho. std°re him, and he had not proved inferior to any tenssa occupied the post previously. Although a an whose time was valuable, he had given 441thsso:nd ungrudgingly of, that time to the Corn- theimois Work, and had devoted his best abilities to it. s,natt ,?reveeeeN, in seconding, said they all felt 'lVeatios'ileir present chairman they had a worthy wiann?aeren'll a line of worthy chairmen. (Hear, hear.) titid leAtli.'tee had been particularly i fortunate n those thee'elleelp elected to preside over its delibmatiops, tie 'Lastert,n. Fulton-Smith had fulfilled the promise tehi ut.ad gi;ined of him at the beginning of the year. connn had heo the closest attention to the business genyanene!) brought before him, and his unfailing kindliness would be reealled with grat—ude • ernbeen ofiell_r!)l7,t()BnAlv,as 'heartily accorded. a then had be g the CHAIRMAN said the duties of \ the ane" of a la co a source of great pleesure to him and ▪ good drge amount of education. If there had been by the Education Act, it had helped him

to be a little more enlightened as to what education meant in this country. It was certainly one of the most vital questions that could be brought before the public and to have theyrivilege of participating in the work even in the small Away in which he had done, was something to be proud of. (Applause). Alderman EVANS then moved that a similar com- pliment be paid to Mr. H. Roberts for his services as deouty-chairman. Mr. JOLLEY in seconding said that whilst Mr. Roberts and himself had on many occasions been in antagonism to one another they had always been personally very good friends and he thought there was a real sympathy between them, because they both seemed to have the knack of frequently getting into hot water. (Laughter.) They had both an equally keen desire to seeedncational work carried on on the best possible lines and in the interests of the community as a whole. Mr. PLINSTON supported. He said that when he had the courage to propose Mr. Henry Roberts as vice-chairman there were certain people who thought for certain reasons that he was not a fit person to occupy the position and that perhaps the abilities of Mr. Roberts might be used detrimentally to the interests of some members of the committee. He was pleased to know that Mr. Roberts had the ability and the courage of his convictions and was able,if called upon, t o take charge of that authority in an able manner. He hoped that if it should happen that the chairman some day declined to continue the duties—not because he was sent to the House of Lords —(laughter)—that Mr. Roberts would be elected to succeed him and he was convinced that Mr. Roberts would show he was a very able man to look after the interests of education in Warrington. The CHAIRMAN also supported and said Mr. Roberts was an educationist of the first water.

The vote was cordially passed. Mr. ROBERTS returned thanks. He said he would have liked Mr. Jolley to have left the reference as to their similarity in certain directions alone—(laughter) —because he had been flattering himself of late years that he was improving a little. (Laughter.) He would like also to be able to say the same of his friend. (Laughter.) Possibly some day before very long.he might be able to say it with absolute accuracy. (Laughter.) It was perfectly true that he (Mr. Roberts) did feel keenly everything which concerned the great question of education. To his mind there was no other question which was fraught with anch importance and such great possibilities both for the future of the town and of the nation. Whatever ,phase of it came forward, leaving the controversial religious element out of consideration altogether, whether it concerned secondary, technical, or elementary education, in all those matters he felt a keen and, he hoped, a zealous interest. He was anxious that the town of his birth should take its place, as it was rapidly doing, amongst the first towns of the country in regard to every branch of education in order that the children of Warrington might stand well with all the children of the Empire. As far as in him lay, he would do everything he possibly could, without fear or favour and without having regard to any special personal considerations, to further the great interests which he believed every member of that authority had sincerely at heart. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19080321_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
"SPRING RASH" AND BAD BLOOD.

CHAS. FORDE'S BTLE BRANS CURE COMMON SPRING COMPLAINTS. Spring is the season when pimples, blotches, boils, blackheads, and blood impurities are most common. Chas. Forde's Bile, Beans not only banish such skin blemishes permanently, but they purify and strengthen the stomach and liver, thus enabling those organs to throw off impurities, and to supply the whole body with a living stream of rich, red, health-giving blood, Mr. George Gibbs, a foreman checker on the G.N. R. Goods Station, living at 52, Grove Place, Leamington Spa, says:—" For many years I suffered from pimples, blackheads, Spring rash, and that seemed to be barber's rash. I was so sore about the face that I could

not shave without risk and pain. My face became very unsightly. I used many medicines and ointments, and took doctors' advice, but nothing did me good, and I came to thto. conclusion that

my skin' trouble was incurable. My life was rendered very miserable by these ailments for

many years previous to 190`j. " That year. hearing what an excellent medicine• Chas. Forde's Bile Beans are for Spring skin

outbreaks and blood impurities, I toOk a—course of that medicine, and am glad to say the result was a complete cure. Chas. Forde's Bile Beans purified my blood and removed every pimple and portion of rash from my face, and even in the Spring-tiaie, when such eruptions are common, I have not had. any outbreak since. Further,. my

, . general health has been excellent as the result of

tjaking Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. I feel it right that all who suffer as I did should be told what

Chas. Forde's Beans did for me, and what they

will do for them."

„ You can rely upon Charles. Forde's Bile Beans removing your pimples and skin eruptions exactly as they removed those which troubled Mr. Gibbs. Chas Forde's Bile Beans will give your skin the . . .

bright hue of health, and restore your whole system to the best condition. Of all chemists,

in sealed boxes only, is. 11. d. and 2s. 9d.. (the

23. 9d. boxes contain three times the quantity of the smaller). Beware of substitutes.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A REMOSPECT.

'Tans moonlight, and the sky was clear, A cloudless sky serene : When musing o'er some memories dear I paced a rural scene. Adown my face some trickllng tears Unbidden slowly fell, As I recalled the distant years And scenes remembered well. At first, along a winding brook, The path through meadows led ; Then through the corn my way I took, With slower, gentler tread. Upon my right a straggling wood As in the days gone by ; In all its leafy glory stood Outlined against the sky. And there, in childhood's happy hours, It made my heart rejoice To gather wild, uncultured flowers, And chase the Cuckoo's voice. Or, when the storms of early spring Shook it with wildest blast ; 'Twits joy upon a stein to cling, And feel the bending mast. And on my left a lonely lake, Lay bathed in Luna's glow ; In whose wide fringe of ferny brake Some wild birds nestled low. In front were undulating hills With peaks of rugged mould ; And down their slopes some babbling rills Made music as they rolled. But sounds of life no longer stirred The landscape passing fair ; No voice of man, no voice of bird Relieved the silence there. 'lde hamlet all in slumber lay, The bleatings too were o'er, Till lovely morn, with quickening ray, Would life and joy restore. But oh, my friends were dead and gone, All laid in holy ground ; And Resurrection's call alone Will break their sleep profound And while f thought, with throbbing hear Of each belov'ed face ; Hew little seemed man's earthly part-, How small his resting place ! J. H. W. CLTNDINNING.

March, 1909.

I. ___ T 9 'MOTHER SEIGELS , • Indigestion kills more victims than war SYR U p Itself. It is foolish in the extreme to neglect the early symptoms. Take Mother Seigel's Mother Seigel's Syrup Syrup. Take , it now, and avoid risks. is now aiso prepared . I It -s i the supreme cure for indigestion because IN TABLET FORM r it strengthens your stomach and liver, and and sold under the name . of Mother Seigei's syrup ibil enables them to do their natural work. Tablets. Price 2'9 bottle. FA CURES INDIGESTION. 1

1

===== 0002601_19080321_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIN

===== 0002601_19080321_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examilier, Saturday, March 21, 1908.

NATURE NOTES. ---- March Wild Flowers.

With the advent of the month of March the army of the flowers may be said to have begun their yearly ; march through the meadows and the woodland groves j and glens, over the moors and the mountains, and : along the sea shores. Already several of the advanced ; scouts have appeared as if spying out the land. Fore- most and daintiest of them all, in spotless white, ; graceful and strong, the lovely little snowdrop has ' appeared on the scene a full fortnight in advance of its fellows. The snowdrop, though so delicate and _ fragile in appearance, affords one of the most striking ! - examples of the power of growth in plant life. On ! two occasions I have seen this flower making its way j ; into the world under the most adverse circumstances ; once it was forcing itself through an asphalted garden walk, and at another place a macadamieed country roadside, well-worn and hard, was not Sufficient to ' restrain its exuberant life. A contemporary of the snowdrop has already ; appeared in meadows and parks in certain localities, and like it still remains with us to cheer on the advancing host. This is the winter aconite, one of ! the buttercup order of plants, a low-growing plant with a bright yellow flower, and large leaf-like bracts ; circling round the base of the blossom giving a pretty study of harmony in gold and green. The plant is not very common round Warr6gton, but it is frequently I met with in gardens. Should the weather be mild and ; the east winds not too keen during the month many of ! the advanced guard will make their appearance. Most of them are already well on the way, and only await a few hours genial warmth to show their heads. The first to break into flower is almost sure to be the spring I purple crocus (crocus vernus) and its yellow relation of the garden (crocus luteus). Both these plants are better known in our public parks and private gardens than in the wild state, yet in some parts of England ; they are very common indeed. The ovary of this flower is quite underground, hidden amongst the bases of the leaves out of the way of the frost. When the pollen grain reaches the stigma it sends out a pollen tube which will have to travel five or six inches down the style before fertilization can take plac?, a journey which r occupies from one to three days. After the formation of the seed the stalk below the ovary elongates and pushes the fruit out of the ground for the sun to ripen ; the seeds. That feathered wanton, the sparrow, plays havoc amongst the yellow crocuses in some districts ; by pulling the petals to pieces. What is the reason of this? There seems to be some purpose behind this vandalism. It seems hard to think that the bird acts out of pure spite. A curious ; fact is that both field mice and house mice show the same preference for the yellow crocus. These rodents will in a night visit a garden border, choose all the yellow flowers, passing over the blue ones, dig up the corms and devour them. In the morning a number of little pits will be found where the destructive little snavvies have been at work. The naughty sparrows may act under the same occult attraction of the yellow flowers, but are either not sufficiently industrious to finish their work or are prevented by frequent inter- ruptions from getting to the buried food store. It is very remarkable that it is invariably the yellow plants which suffer, because it has been found that the yellow crocus corm has a more pleasing taste than the purple one. So far as the human nose can find out there is no difference in smell between the two colours, but it is, of course, quite possible that the keener scent of the sparrow and the mouse may detect one.

Another favourite which will be emerging from its I long winter's sleep and wafting its fragrance on the balmy air is the sweet violet. It still escapes ..he t rapacity of the " penny-a-root " hs wker in some sheltered districts, and may be found on woody banks usually with a south aspect. As with many other violets there are two colours of flowers—blue and white. What is the real cause of this albinism in plant life no one has yet discovered. Many theories have been given, but none seem conclusive. But what is stranger still, is, that most of the violets besides having flowers of two colours, bear two kinds of flowers, one with the usual coloured petals and another later on in the season, entirely without petals. The petaloid flowers seldoln develop seed, white the petal- less flowers, which never open, produce seed in abund- ance.

The daffodil is, ear excellence a March flower. It has many names, it is the " Daffy," " Daffy-Down- Dilly " of village children in the Midlands, the "Glen" , of the West of Scotland, and in Cornwall it is known as the " Lent Lily." This is a flower of the woodland; and a lover of shade. The plant must not he con- fused with the narcissus of Greek poetry, which has a sweet-scented white flower. The tube-shaped corona in this flower is an "extra" not found in many British plants. Of the six outside floral leaves the three outer ones are sepals and the three inner ones petals. In the " double ' varieties, now so abundant in the florists' windows,all the stamens have been transferred by the art of the gardener into petals. Therefore a ' double flower can never produce seed, the essential organs having been traded for show. The coltsfoot and the butterbur are two plants of the composite order which may be found in flower this month, the former in rough waste ground, and the latter generally in abundance in damp places by banks of rivers and brooks. Neither plant has the graceful beauty of the snowdrop or the daff Ail, their beauty is that of proportion and mass rather than outline. The growth of the flower stem in both plants between the fading of the flowers and the ripening of the fruit is well worth observing. The elongation of the flower-stalk is a contrivance to lift the fruit above

..„ the surrounding vegetation (including their own immense leaves which at this stage develop very rapidly) so that the wind' may have full play upon the feathery pappus and transfer he se3l amAy t rona the parent plants. In the copses and shady hedgerows if there is warmth and wind the wood anemone will be sure to show the passer-by its white star-like flowers. The more the wind blows the wid Sr will they expand, a habit which has given the plant the name of vt ind- flower. The anemone belongs to the butt ircups, and it is an interesting object for examination. The under- ground stem, the single flower-stalk bearing leaf-like bracts, and the apparent absence of sepals tell some- thing of the relationship between habit and structure. Many spring flowers, usually white or some pale colour, have a tendency to become more or less red Amongst these we find red specimens of the anemone. This red tint is more prevalent in bleak springs, and in exposed situations. Red colour has the power of absorbing heat rays from the sun more than other colours, and this in cold springs helps to protect the young flower, inside the unopened bud, from the biting winds and cold. Toward the end of the month the snowy white flowers of the blackthorn will be claiming our atten- tion by their beauty. A large solitary bush in a hedge in full bloom is a very striking picture with the white flower mass set off against the black leafless branches. In the Craven district of the West Riding especially at Kettlewell and round Grassington where the hedges are almost entirely composed of blackthorn, the eight of the long lanes of white-topped hedges is one of the very finest in English landscape. . .

The ground it, a plant 'less ambitious than the blackthorn, may be found in the shelter of hedge bottoms with its scented kidney-shaped leaves putting forth its modest purple lip-shaped flowers. Among the trees, in thicket and hedge, the hazel erect or semi erect male catkins will be lengthening, opening out and becoming Pendulous, shedding their abundant pollen in the breeze over the tiny crimson star-like female flowers below. By river and stream the alder has opened its long dangling male catkins full of pollen, and the more slender upright female catkins will be swaying in the wind. On the same tree the dried, hard, brow. cones of the previous year may still be seen clinging to the twigs. What the fierce blasts of winter could not accomplish will soon be done by the rising new life within the tree, and one by me the dead cones will soon be left lying under the tree.

The flowers of the other catkin-hearing trees, the willows, the black and white poplars' and the aspen, will be fully developed before the end of the month. Then comes the burst of the varying tints of green leaf o'er woodland and meadow, bringing gladness and joy to weary eyes. Battalion after battalion and brigade after brigade of colour will be marching with quick step over the landscape till the middle of May when the spring flowers will be on toll parade. G. A. DUNLOP. The Municipal Museum, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. A. A. Markham.

The Rev. A. A. Markham, the newly-appointed Vicar of Grimsby, and formerly curate at the Warrington Parish Chnrch and afterwards vicar of St. Jude's, Liverpool, was on Saturday inducted by the Ven Archdeacon Bond, of Stow. The Mayor of Grimsby. tog“ber with the members of the Corporation and all the local clergy, were present.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
INFIRMARY EXTENSION.

OPENING BY LORD GROSS.

£15,000 Raised, But Another £l,ogo Required.

Warrington can now pride itself upon the possession of an Infirmary thoroughly adequate in accommoda- tion and equipment to meet the increasing needs uf the town, for Thursday witnessed the opening of the extension which of late years has become an absolute necessity. The new buildings consist of a pavilion and nurses' home and the everior of both is of the Georgian character, with plain-brick work and terra- cotta dressings. The pavilion is three storeys high and gives 66 additional beds to the institution,which is connected with the main central corridor of the present building on each floor. As, hovvever,it is only proposed to use two of the three new wards at present, the additional beds at once placed at the disposal of the institution will be 44. Each floor opens on to a covered verandah on the south side, for convalescent patients to enjoy the open air in suitable weather. The floors of the building throughout are of fireproof construction. The building will be heated with independent hot-water apparatus, supplemented by double-faced faience stoves with descending flues. Fire escape staircases are arranged from the first and second floors, diverging on to the ground at different points. The position of the Nurses' Home is south- ward of the new pavilion. It accommodates at the present time the matron, two sisters, twenty-four nurses, with further accommodation for the servants in connection with the home. It is arranged so that an additional twelve nurses can be accommodated, . _

should the Institute be again enlarged. Great credit is due to the architects(Hessrs. William Owen and Son) for designing such a suitable block of buildings and to the builder (Ur. C. W. Davenport) for the admirable way in which the work has been carried out.

It was very appropriate that the Right Hon. Viscount Cross, G.C.8., should perform the opening ceremony, , for his lordship opened the old Infirmary in 1877 and Ihe was at one time very closely identified with the tolvn. Fortunately the event was favoured with a pleasant spring-like day, and there was a very large and representative gathering The Town Hall, where his lordship was received by &le Mayor, looked quite bright with its decorations of flags and streamers, and the exterior of the Infirmary was similarly embellished.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE TOWN HALL.

Lord Cross arrived at the Town Hall at 1.15, accom- panied la the Hon. Miss Cross, Sir Gilbert treenail, Bart. (president of the Infirmary), and Lady Greenell, and Mr. and Mrs. R. I. Wynne-Jones. His Lordship was received by the Mayor and Mayoress and afterwards representatives of the various organizations connected with the Infirmary were introduced to him. The follow- ing members of the Reception Committee were present in addition to those already mentioned:—Mrs. J. Charlton Parr, Hr. R. C. Parr, Mrs. Pickmere (President of the Ladies' Committee), Rev. H V. Pigot (chairman of the Board of Management)and Mrs.Pigot,Nlr.George Dakin (hon.treasurer) and Mrs.Dakin,Dr.Fox. (chairman of the Medical Board), Mr. W. Peter Ryland. (chairman of the Extension Committee), and Mrs. Rylands, Alderman Burton (chairman of the Workingmen's Committee). The following representatives of the Workingmen's Committee attended :—Messrs. J. Bailey, B. Horrocks, NV. Jackson, F. Short, Thomas Wadsworth and Joseph Owen. Amongst others present were :—Messrs. G. W. Joseph, C. E. Richmond, E. E. Bowden, and E. J. Fox (hon. medical officers), Messrs. R. Smith, G. H. Joseph and A. Hodgkinson (hon. assistant medical officers),Mr. C. R. Brown (senior house surgeon), Mr. G. H. H. Russell (junior house surgeon),Messrs. John White and John Fairclough ( vice-presidents), Rev. Father Whittle, Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Rev. C. Harvey Cook, Rev. W, Bracecarnp, Captain Crosfield, Messrs C. Jackson Holmes, J. H. Smethurst, G. Walker, C. M. Watkins and William Daintith (members of Board of Management) Mr. J. H. J. Hampson (secretary). In addition to those whose names are given es being subsequently present at the luncheon, there were in attendance at the reception or at the ceremony :—Mr. Garnett, Mr. R. E. Garnett, Mrs. Withinshaw, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Parker' Mr. W. Skinner, Mrs. Bolton. Mrs. 1 Joseph Harrison, Rev. Canon Penrhyn, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Seeker, Councillors Sankey and Benson, Mr. and Hrs. A. Browne, Mr. end Mrs. W. E. Atkin, Mr. %V. Richardson, Mr. James Richardson, Mr. G.A. McGregor, Rev. T. W. and Mrs Barber, Mr. NV. Owen, Mr. Robert Stone, Mr. and Mrs. R. Johnson, Mr. John Hesketh, Mr. J. Rymer Young, Mr. L. A. Rawson, Dr. Murray, Mr. B. Kenvvorthy, Mr. H. Grosvenor, Mr. J. Longland, Revs. B. Percival, G. Vale Owen, J. Collins, T. A. J. Ridpath, G. B. Thurston an Sidney Pitt, Alderman Bennett and Evans, Messrs. W. Clegg, J. Finlayson, W. Jackson, W. Handles and R. Higham.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROCESSION.

A procession was formed headed by the Volunteer Band, discoursing lively selections under the direction of Bandmaster Richardson. The hon. medical officers, wearing their caps and gowns, followed, and next came members of the Board of Management. Lord Cross and other ladies and gentlemen rode in carriages. The procession went through the central gates and along Sankey-street and Legh-street to the main entrance of the Infirmary in Kendrick-street.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE INFIRMARY.

On arrival at the Infirmary, Lord Cross and party,. proceeded through the building to the verandah on the ground floor of the new pavilion where the opening ceremony took place. The hymn" Thou to Whom the sick and dying" was sung to the accompaniment of the Volunteer Band and afterwards the Rev. W. Bracecamp offered prayer. Sir GILBERT GRIENALL as President of the institu- tion, then presented to Lord Cross a gold key and asked him to open the new premises. Lord Citoss, having accepted the key, said : Sir Gilbert Greenall,ladies and gentlemen. In the year 1377, more than thirty years ago,l had the honour to lay the foundation stone of increased buildings of this Infirmary. You have given me the pleasant duty again of doing something towards further buildings. I gladly accepted the invitation and am here to-day in consequence. On looking at the paper which has been placed in my hands, I must congratulate the town and yourselves upon two matters. In the Bret place, I can readily conceive from the statistics here given, how the town and neighbourhood have increased in prosperity, how the works have grown and how the population has grown also. As the population has grown, of course the needs of the. Infirmary had grown and although since 1877 one addition—a very considerable addition— was made many years ago, it has now been found necessary that there should be further accommodation provided and we are here for that purpose at the present moment. Therefore, if I congratulate the town on its prosperity in numbers and population and in works, I must also congratulate the town and neighbour- hood on the why in which they have come forward to meet the wants of the infirmary, because, of course, increased want means increased money, and they have nobly come forward not once, nor twice, but over and over again to meet the wants of the neighbourhood in this particular matter. I am not going to trouble you with statistics, but I want to quote one or two figures. In 1877 there were only 87 in-patients, 948 home patients and 1992 out-patients but now the paper placed before me tells me that the in-patients last year were 607, the home patients 1,441 and the out-patients no less a number than 3,652. (Applause.) So it is quite clear that at all events shows there is a want. (Hear, hear.) There is one more subject which appears in this paper which I should also like to call attention to. In 1877 there were 449 oases of accidents—which of course, mean wounds or something of the kind which require immediate attention. for it they are not immediately attended to the• result is very much worse than if they were. There were 449 in 1877 and last year there were no less than 3,769. I appeal to you all whether it is not a matter in which your help is earnestly needed. It is very often said about charities that there are two diffi- culties and the first is to get people to subscribe at all to anything, because they very often button up their pockets and money does not come out. (Laughter.) People have to be taught to give as well as to do many other good things. Even when you do find a great number of people willing to give, I am sorry to say they very often give it, I do not say to unworthy objects, but they get misled and the money which they spend does not go to the best objects which they could possibly pick out. In the case of private charities I would strongly recommend to anybody who is charit- ably disposed, if he has any doubt about any case to ' consult the Charity Organization Society in London. They will give every possible information they dare give or can give in order to lead you aright and take care you are not imposed upon. But in this matter there cannot be the smallest doubt. If you are disposed to give largely, if you can do so, give largely. If not give what you can, because the subject whioh we are treating is undoubtedly good. (Hear, hear.) We have the highest authority there can possibly be for what I am saying. What did our Saviour Christ say ? " Heal the sick." That is exactly what we are trying to do. And, then in another sentence the full meaning of which probably on this earth we shall nvver fully realize : " Who took upon Him our infirmi- ties." Bear ye one another's burdens." That is exactly what I um asking you to do aci-day. You can have no better object. It is quite clear there is a want and I do ask those who have been in the habit of giving to continue to give, and those who have never given yet to begin by giving to this excellent institution. And take my word for it, they will never repent there- after. I have great pleasure in receiving this key as a token of the good work which is being done in this town where I was so long a citizen, and I now have great pleasure in opening the new buildings. (Applause) Lord Cross thou opened the door of the building. Mr. W. PETER IlvLasns then proposed a vote of thanks to " our old Warrington citizen" Lord Cross,

for coming there and showing his continued interest in the well-being of the town by opening those buildings. It must be pleasing to him to pat the eoping stone on the work which be commenced thirty years ago in opening the old buildiny. and his Lordship must have adequate satisfaction in seeing that in the meantime Warrington had not lost a sense of the duty it owed to those who were injured, and that the people were prepared to go on and nrovide further accommodation when it was required. (Applause.) Lord Cross had appealed to them in a manner which he (Mr. Rylands) hoped would touch the hearts of all. He (Mr. 'glands) had been appealing for two years. and he had now to thank them for the kind support they had given to the Board of Management in providing tke money necessary to erect that building. (Applause.) Rev. H. V. PIIIIOT seconded. He said that was a very Important day in the history ef the institution and indeed of Warrington. They were delighted when they received the kind promise of Lord Cross to open the extension, and they were especially grateful for the beautiful day be had brought with him. (Applause.) The vote was carried with cheers. Lord CROSS in reply said that if they thoneht any- thine of his coming there, he hoped they would follow his advice and open their purse strings. The proceedings then closed with the National Anthem and Lord Cross and other visitors made an inspection of the new premises. LUNCHEON AT THE DRILL HALL.

After the ceremony Lord Cross and Party proceeded to the Lecture Room at the Volunteer Quarters w here, by the kind permission of Colonel Edelsten and officers of the let. V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, luncheon was served. The room had been very tastefully decorated free of Cost by Mr. Ralph Johnson who was responsible for similar work at the new infirmary buildings. Sir Gilbert Greenall presided and had on his right Lord Cross and Lady Greenall and on his left the Mayor and Mayoress. Amongst others present were : The Hon. Miss Cross, the Rev. H.V.Pigot (chair- man of the Board of Management) and Mrs. Pigot, Mr. George Dakin (hon. treasurer) and Mrs. Dakin, Mr. W. Peter Rylands (chairman of the extension com- I mittee) and Mrs. Rvlands, Dr. Fox (chairman of the Medical Board), Mrs. Pickmere (president of the ladies' committee), Mr. Travers Pickmere, Rev. W. Bracecamp (Mayor's chaplain) and Mrs. Bracecamp, Hon. J. E. and Mrs. Cross, Hon. and Rev. C. F. Cross, Alderman Burton (chairman of the Workingmen's Committee),Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall, Mr. and Mrs. Vera B. Davies, Captain Crosfield, Mrs. Edelsten, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Bleckly, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Bleckly, Mrs. Rylands (Massey Hall). Bev. Canon Stevenson, Rev. C. Harvey Cook, Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Rev. Father Whittle, Rev. Father Swarbreck, Mr. John White, Mr. Robert Pierpoint, Councillor Fulton Smith, Mr. and Mrs. John Coxon, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Smethurst, the Misses Smethurst, Dr. Richmond and Miss Richmond, Dr. and Mrs. R. Smith, Dr. and Mrs. Hodgkinson, Dr. C. R. Brown, Mr. Sear Owen, Mr. and Mrs. John Fairclough, Mrs. Broadbent and the Misses Broadbent, Miss Litton, Mr. and Mrs. W. Fletcher, Dr. E. .T. and Mrs. Fox. The catering was in the hands of the Winmarleigh Cafe Co. After luncheon the usual toasts were honoured.

£15,000 RAISED. Mr. W. P. RYLANDS a9nounced the receipt of letters regretting inability to attend from Earl Egerton, the Duchess of Buckingham and Chandos,Mr.A.H. Crosfield. M.P.,and Mrs.Crosfield, the Rector(Rev.Cannon Willis). IMr. J.Charlion Parr,Rev. John Yonge (who said he was the more sorry to be absent as he remembered the open- ing of the old Infirmary in 1877),N1r. F. Monks, Colonel Edelsten, and Miss Bessie Dutton. He was pleased to say the funds had now reached £15,000. He had received a letter from Mr. William Long regretting that he could not be present to join in that crowning work and enclosing a cheque for ten guineas for the collection. (Applause.) They were particularly indebted to Mr. Long who was the first subscriber and put down £l.OOO. (Applause.) He had also an interesting contribution from Mr. Stewart Royston who started a postcard com- petition with a view to winning for the Infirmary a prize offered by Messrs. Raphael Tuck and Sons. He had won a prize of £25 and had forwarded a cheque to him (Mr. Rylands) that day. -(Applause.) The collec- tion at the opening ceremony realized £O2 10s. Gd., so ' that the total subscriptions to date were £1,511 10s. sd. (Applause.)

LOYAL TOASTS. . The toasts of the King, the Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and other members of the Royal Family were honoured on the proposition of the CHAIRMAN.

"TIN BISHOP AND CLERGT OF THE DIOCESE AND MINISTERS or ALL DENOMINATIONS." Mr. JOIN WHITE, in proposing this toast, said he thought they ought to take every opportunity they could of drinking each other's healths, because it appeared to him the time would shortly come when they would not have to drink at all, or even if they were allowed to drink they might not have the money to pay for it. (Laughter.) It was a source of great satisfaction that in spite of the difference of religious opinion which was very much to be regretted, there was a kindly feeling existing amongst all ministers of different religions in the town which prompted them on all occasions to co-operate for the good of the com- munity whether it was in acting on any publie, body ol• whether it was in private spheres of work, and the pnblic must appreciate the good service they were doing. Speaking as the treasurer of the old Dispensary and of the Infirmary when it was first started, Mr. White cordially acknowledged the help the clergy and ministers had at all times extended to the institution and suggested that in view of the increased needs they should make an effort to double their Hospital Sunday Collections. (Apnlause.) The Rev. E. C. E. CARLATON in responding said the Church at present existed in very troublous times and it was not altogether easy to see one's way and one's duty. fie thought, however, the clergy were resolved to do their duty at all costs. The Church was on her trial, be believed, but with the help and support of their laity she would come well out of the crisis. (Applause). Father WHITTLE also responded and expressed the gratitude of his fellow-Catholics for what, had been done for them by the Infirmary. It was proper that that toast should be honoured because it was one of the great duties or the clergy to look after the sick and dying and they were very closely connected with the work of the Infirmary. Moreover the hospital was an essentially Christian institution, for if they went back to Pagan days they found nothing of the kind. There was nothing that did so much good either spiritually or bodily as the Infirmaz yin time of sickness. (Applause). The Rev. C.l-IAftVSY COOK said he very much regretted Mr. Yonge was not with them to reply to the toast, especially as he was present when Lord Cross opened the old Infirmary. On the other hand he was glad the toast bad fallen to him because of his association with Mr. Long who belonged to his church. lie (Mr. Cook) was very proud of having him as one of his congrega- tion. Whilst he agreed with and re-echoed in part the sentiment of Mr. White in respect to the various denominations,he thought they were not to be despised. Where he thought perhaps all of them needed to be more careful was that they did not misinterpret each other. It was the misinterpretation that did the harm, not the divisions. (Applause.) "THE IMPERIAL FORCES."

Mr. ROBRAT PrIMPOINT proposed this toast and in showing the appropriateness of such a toast on that occasion instanced the noble work intending the sick and wounded in the army which was done by Miss Florence Nightingale who, in his opinictn, attained woman's rights fifty years ago more than woman had ever attained them since. The imperial forces re-acted on the hospitals and the hospitals re-acted on the imperial forces and the one owed a great deal to the other. Soldiers benefited from hospitals perhaps more than any other people in the community and they had therefore a right to be recognized on such an occasion as that. (AppJause.) Captain Cuosrmn, in responding, said the safety of the country was the supreme law. Let us see to it that the Navy was kept adequately strong. Let us stick to the two power standard. He would venture to quote that great epigram of Lord Charles Beresford: " Battleships are cheaper than battles." With regard to the regular army he did not think it was right that we should allow the men who served the empire to he cast adrift after having done their seven years in the army, and beg for work wherever they could find it. (Hear, hear.) The sooner we dealt with that the better. Lastly, he came to the territorial army—that great scheme which Mr. Haldane bad given them. All he would say about that was : Let them, as far as they were able, work in order to create such a patriotic spirit throughout the country that the time might come when the young British lad would feel fa much sorrow when he was rejected from the te-ritorial army through being physically unfit as did the Swiss youth to-day when be was rejected for that reason. (Applause.) " TH7I WARRINGTON TNFIRMADY AND Disr&NSARY."

Lord CROSS proposed this toast, and said that judging from the treasurer's statement the bolt which he shot at the opening ceremony had taken effect to a certain extent. (Laughter.) Still there was room for improve- ment—there always was—and the treasurer was good enough to say that he lawd not absolutely and finally closed the subFcription list, hut that he would grate- fully receive any iittle remnants that might remain. (Lalghter.) He could not propose the health of the kfirmaiy, but he most heartily wished health and pros- perity to its inmates, many of whom he had had the pleasurC of seeing that afternoon, and be could vouch for the comfort and every convenience which was pro- vided for them in that ancient institution. He moss heartily commended and re-commended the cause te their further consideration. (Applause.) The Rey. H. V. PIGOT in responding also made an appeal for further support. He was sorry to say there were some who might have been expected to subscribe—and subscribe handsomely—to the extension fund who had not done so, and while excepting all present as subscribers and supporters he felt sure if their influence were brought to bear outside they would soon have some cheering news. "THE RIGHT HON. VISCOrNT CROSS, GX.13." Sir GILBERT GREENALL said he had what was perhaps the most pleasant task of the day and that was to pro- pose the health of Lord Cross. No words of his were needed to eulogise him. He was one of the most prominent political men of his day and was ever before the public eye. In Warrington they felt a special affection and regard for him not only on account of his great personality but of the years which he had been connected with this district. (Applause.) , Lord Coss said that instead of their thanking bitn

for coming he really must thank them for giving him , the opportunity of coming back to this place which was so endeared to him by old associations. He was delighted to see so many old friends whose faces he remembered, whose names he might have forgotten, but who had introduced themselves to him and from whom he had had such a hearty handshake as he would always remember to the last days of his life. (Applause.) " THB HONORARY SURGEONS OP THI INSTITUTION." Mr. GIORGI DAK nq proposed this toast and said that no matter bow fine their building and appliances, they would be utterly useless unless they were well supported by an honorary board of surgeons. They had such a board, consisting of gentlemen who devoted a great of their valuable time to the work of the institution and looked after the cases with great care and skill, without fee or reward except the thanks of the community and the gratitude of the patients. (Applause) Dr. Fox in responding said he recollected the time when the number of beds occupied in the Old Infirmary in Buttermarket-street was six and when they had one house surgeon and three nurses. Then the institution progressed until the opening of the Infirmary in Kendrick-street, which provided forty beds, and to-day I with the extension in use, they could accommodate over 160 patients and they had three house surgeons and provision for a staff of twenty nurses. In these days of Socialism, instead of levelling down they would' be lifting up the poor and putting them in a position of being attended to in such a manner that very few people could do better in their own private houses. They would want at least 45,000 a year to carry out the ' work efficiently but he had confidence in the people of Warrington that the funds would be forthcoming. (Applause.)

• "THE • RCNITINCTS AND BUILDIRS." Canon STEVINSON submitted this toast and referred to the architects as the head and the builders as the bands which carried out the scheme. They had been extremely fortunate in both the architects and builders of that extension. The name of 0 wen had long been esteemed and respected in the town. (Applause.) They knew that the senior member of that firm was passing into a period of leisure and retirement—and they hoped a very long period in which he would enjoy the fruits of his past energy. They were equally confident that the rising generaticn would sustain the reputation which had been earned by the father. With regard to the builders, one always felt when people said Mr. Davenport bad the work i n hand that it would be well done. (Applause). Mr. SEGAR OWE; responded and expressed his , indebtedness to the medical s'aff who had given such great assistance in furthering the scheme. He would also like to thank Mr. Hampson. the hard working secre- tary, who had riven them on all occasions the best he possibly could when they had demanded his labour. The building, as far as Mr. Davenport's work I was concerned, was perfect and they only hoped it would I prove satisfactory to all who came within its walls I (Applause.)

THE EXTENSION COMMITTEE." ANOTHER £l,OOO WSW/IRED. Aldermap FORSHAW proposed this toast and cordially congratulated the committee on the results of their noble work. They had had an excellent leader in Mr. Rylands whose efforts had been most untiring. (Applause.)

Sir GILBERT GREBNALL then presented Mr. Rylands with a memento of the occasion. in the shape of a replica of the gold key presented to Lord Cross, as a mark of the appreciation ani versall v felt for his untiring efforts on behalf of the institution. Whatever Mr. Ryland s took up, he left no stone unturned to bring to a successful issue. (Applause.) Mr. RYLANDS, having returned thanks for the gift, said that was a very proud day for the extension com- mittee when they looked back upon the two years of work which bad resulted in the erection of those bulldings—a monument of which they, and indeed all Warrington, might he proud. It was an added plersure to think that the sum which they said in the first linstance would be required had actually been reached on the day of the opening ceremony. (Applause). The only source of regret lay in the fact that owing to certain difficulties that were not foreseen—requirements which ware most properly put forward by the medical staff—it had been necessary to make certain alterations and extensions in old buildings which were not contemplated in the original estimates, so that another £l,OOO was still required. Therefore the sub- scription list was not yet closed and it would be a great pleasure to think that the friends of Warrington wouid come forward and complete the £16,000. "HIS WORSHIP THE MYYOR." A GENEROUS OFFER. _

Mr. W. H. BLECKLY, in proposing this toast, said that from the early days when Mr. Beamont was the first Mayor of the town to the present time when the welfare of the Borough was in Alderman Smethurst's. keeping, Warrington bad been froured with a succes- sion or Mavots of a horn any town might be proud. (Hear, hear.) The e,esent Mayor had a very persuasive tongue, and perhaps his crowning feat as a lightning beggar—(lsughter)—was in the case of the District Nursing Association when he collected the whole of the sum required almost before many of them had had time to appreciate how much was wanted. (Auplause.) They were proud to number him amongst the 'lgen who "do good by stealth and blush to find it fame." But not only in works of charity did he shine. They all knew be was a good all-round business man and watched the interests of the town in an exemplary manner. His character as Mayor might be summed up in the well- known couplet : He knows what's what.

And that's As hieh as metaphysic wit can fly. Langhter and applause.)

The MAYOR in. 'responding, said the extension scheme had bran near to his heat t ever since he became Mayor and he had hoped that the institution would be opened entirely free from debt. However.they must be thank- ful that they had raised £15,000. (Hear, hear.) He appealed to his hearers not to allow the institution to rest under the ban of debt but as Englishmen to open their hearts and try in a few months to raise the money. When the time came that Mr. ltylands was able to say "I have now got the subscriptions and want your cheque" he (the Mayor) would be happy to send hire .£25 and he hoped it would not be a month before Mr.T.tylands could write that IPtter. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19080321_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
‘` THE PRESIDENT."

Lord Crum the-n--p-rOPC;e-ci—ihe health of Sir Gilbert Greensll whom he described as the best chair- men of the best institution in Warrington. (Applause.) Sit GILBERT GREENALL in responding said the .favor had set a good example in offering to subscribe £25 and he was pleased to say Lady GreenslL would give a similar amount. (Applaus.?.) During the luncheon the Volunteer Band played a choice selection of music.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD CROSS AT STOCKTON HEATH.

fl. Before proceeding to the Tofirmary, Lord Cross went to Stockton Heath where he planted a tree in Victoria Square. Amongst those present were : he Rev, and Hon. C. P. Cross, Sir Gilbert and Lady GreenalL Dr. Parker, Messrs.A. Fawcett, H. Austin, D. A. Watson, F. Rose, C. Plinston, W. H. Woodcock, E. Bradshaw, Vera B. Davies and Mrs. Davies. Mr. PLINSTON said the Garden Society felt a deep debt of g,atitude to Viscount Cross for coming amongst them. Trees would also be planted by Lady Greenall and Mrs. Hewitt.

Lori Cross and the two ladies then planted a tree after which three cheers were given. Mr. PIA ASTON proposed a vote of thanks to Lord Cross. Mr. WOODCOCK seconded and the motion wra carried unanimously. Miss DAISY FAWCETT then presented Lady Grcenall with a beautiful bouquet. Lord CRoss said he had known Stockton Heath for more than GO years. lie suggested that instead of Olirg it Stockton Eleath they should call it the Garden City of Stockton. (Applause.) PRESENTATION OF CHILDREN'S COT.

The children's cot provided out of the proceeds of. the recent highly successful juvenile ball was formally presented to the Infirmary by the Mayoress on tiaturday afternoon. The ceremony took place at a well-attended meeting of the Ladies' Juvenile Ball Committee held at the Institution under the presidency of the Mayoress. Tnere were also present :—The Mayor, the Rev. H. V. Pigot (chairman of the Board of Management), and Mr. J. If. Smethurst (hon. secretary to the committee). The Rev. 11. V. PICOT said nothing could be more appropriate than that the Mayoress should formally make the presentation of the cot. He had known her for a considerable number of 'years and knew the interest she took in children. (Applause.) The ladies and gentlemen present proceeded to the I3eamont Ward where the MAvouEss said she had very great pleasure, in the name of the Ladies' Committee and herself; in formally presenting the cot. The Bev. H. V. PIGOT said he had much pleesure, as, chairman of the Board of Management, in formally I accepting it. They would look upon it as a fulfilment of a very happy idea on the part of the Ladies' Com- mittee and their excellent hon. secretary, and be could assure them that the gift was highly appreciated. (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR replied on behalf of the Mayoress, and thanked Mr. l'igot very much for his kind remarks. He stated that he had great pleasure in contributing .C. 3 to the endowment fund of the cot. (Applause.) The ladies and gentlemen then inspected the ner wards and operating theatre.

_ 1 CLARKE'S 841 PILLS are warranted to sore, in either WILD FLOWERS IN THE WEST OF ENGLAND sex, all acquired for constitutional dumb...my... from thti Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back Pre afarora. Now that the Spring is approaching, lovers of nature ieronry. Established nwa rots of 30 years. ln. boa will turn their thoughts to scenes of hedge-hound lanes each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors 6: 4. 84 and newly awakening foliage with its accompanying on the world, or sent for sixty st..mps by the snorers. Ma lustre of young and fresh wild flowers. Nov,here Lin coin and Midland Ccunties Drug Oompany, Lincoln.— perhaps is to be found a more favoured spot in this ; Advt. " respect thaft the West of England. Primroses are ' To MOTHERS.—Mr. Wltestcw's Soothing Syrup has been used for o'er fifty Test's by millions of mother, for lbelr already blooming in the district around Belston, whilst children whiffle teething, with perfect success, ft will relieve in the vicinity of Yealmpton at Menheniot, Perranwell pnexhieer. natural immediately. It It riesbt,el:-iablanttbt.:, teshsitled; knot Marsh Mills. Loddiswell, Bickleigh, Lnxulyan Lifton and many other places, primroses, daffodills and snow- ,in sun the little elm-oh awpilte.y" as in.l.vg.t a. a buttond drops are about to spring forth in abundance. In the oan Chemist, 10. ifd. —Advt. cottage gardens of Devon and Cornwell, crocuses, wall flowers, snowdrops, polyanthuses and daphne are even POSTER PRINTING now adding their wealth of splendour to make this Plain or in two or more colour, charming part of England what it is. To such a scene to make a bold and staking of heart gladdening beauty the G.W.R. runs an admir- display on Hoardings and walls. able service of express trains by which nature-loves may travel rapidly and in comfort. [EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

.

, •'4.. • • . „

Et)t aratnnur butts

OF WHIM-END NWSPAPBEiS COMPRISES : .111118 WARRINGTON al MID-OHRSH(RII RXASIINRIL I published every da.urday morning. The principal and the Oldest, Weekly Fewer for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketa, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm. SC., being ea: ta d , gi .ecty Papers in La.:wa- rt au lira, ea, i.lfl a were% by teis Paper com- ialtes 'large tr Alai and agricultural tract in South Lance- lire and al -Cheshire. rrini RUNCORN 13XA.NIINIIII, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. TaE WIDNES lIXAMINER published every Saturda) J. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is g)wLug at in tustry. Tll BARLEISTOW ri AND runrrori isICAMIN&R. published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News. of Rarleatown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, liavdock, Lowton. ecc. The district thus rop:u. ,cl .a n .1 up Kt..t ...rt at the Lsadashlre coal- do.

(pin ST. HNILHNS MUSLIMS'S, publtsned ever! -1 Saturday morning, circulating In ut. Helens, Preacot, Parr, Sutton, Pe•eley Cross. to -the centre .of the Glen,. Claeml.m and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADV iiRTISEM VIM. PA 1r HA 4rs qot rac.•l H0L13113-; WA.NTED. APARTHUNTS TO Li4l. H 113113 TO EH ,SOLD. ARTICLBS JOST. MISOIILLANSOI.IS WANTS. ARTIOLBS FOUND, MISCBLLO.NEOUS saLßs. One Three six Thirteen Words. Week Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. 31. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... 58. Cd. 56 ... la. Od. ... 2.. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... Os. Od. 45 ... 18. 3d. ... 36. Id. ... 5., Od. ~. Ta. Od. 54 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 108. Od.

Domelttt gotrbanto, Cu.

WANTBD, COO te ICKLETHWAIT, Haslington, Crewe.

VVTANTBD. COOK-riHNNIIAL.—Mre. MICICLETHWAIT, Crewe Cattage, lieeliagton, Crewe.

(I ENBEAL, inperfor ; gool Plain cook ; family of 2 ;on N_3l was/ling.-58. MILLI/10 RD., Southport.

sIAiANTBD, COOK-GEMISHAL, housemaid kept. good wages.—Mrs. BROWN, East view, Morley.

WANTED.—Good General SERVANt, age about 18.— apply, Mrs. wARBEICK, 8, Part a outtport.

WANTED good GBERKAL, also Girl about 16 to sada.— Mrs. H. ASHCROFT Gore House, Altear, via Magbull.

WANTED at once Nfiff4KAL. fond of children ; age 25 ; good home.—J. HIBBERT,B2, Martha's lane, Ltscard.

WANTBD HOUSB-PARLOURNIAID and Plain Cook; small family.—Mrs. BENSLET, Hillside, Aberystwyth.

WARUM), capable tiliblENAL, to undertake all duties. Fond of children.—blrs. WHITI3, Betherbill, Helsby.

ANTBD, good Ulla about 17 to aaaist with house work. bmall familv.—Aodresa 6, Silver et., Bury, Lane.

NI), ANTED strong GIRL, 16 to 18 years of age, comfortable home.—Mrs. CUBBLN, Waggon and Home Hotel, Cborley.

W A Nell!)' e.eedgoGodli N4alteA.L. ; Lin:GirtineeLhDl ugiteL,rekfeeL reeqxul:Trrn ej rd., Llacard.

GEN 88...,.. (experienced) W.(4. TSD, at once, small family; wages£lB.—apply Mrs. COHEN, 2, Lethbridge rd., Southport.

wANTSD, experienced HOUSEMAt L-watratiss. Apply GaavoCK HOUdE, Dudley rd., Whalley Range, Manchester.

T ADY, bolding cookery and laundry diplomas, SEK 1.1 l'uST, Lancashire or Midlands.—S., 4, erince's avenue, Indsbury, iancOestcr.

A'llED' Country (111;bi NU AL, for farmhouse; good wages for Suitable person. ilLovEli, Kirkby Hell, Kirkby, Liverpool.

ABTED by March 24th, a strong capabla G 141,1 KRAL. need to children.— WOLFaNDEN, Covey Green, Itrik,r7 rd., Anfield, Liverpool. .

W ANYHD young Housiiine.w ; •wall family ; good L) , scare age, wage.—ep ply 5, Odomiltforox VILLAS, Bradford, Yorkshire.

WANTED, strong GENAItAL tor crippled children's home near blanchester.—Apply HoLmeA, Chellastoa House, Marple, Knutstord

WANTBD a gOO4 GHNEUAL Sti hVaNT.—Apply i. Joanna CiftESN, Mechanics arms flow', Leigh rd. Midler Green, near W 4013.

NvANTED. for bomb end of Liverpool, reliable COOK- GEIIIIIEAL.—titate wages and experience to MAX., s' Examiner " Office, Warrington.

WANTBD, reliable Glifittita.L. wages 13s. ; no washing ; must be able to take all duties. —Toss.cconar, 164, Cross lane. rialtur4, Manchester.

Q.IOIVANTS. HIIGISTICL—Wsuted Servant'', all descrip- tions.—Auply Dirs. MASSEY, Coppice rd., Willaston, Nantwicb. bun:lips for replies.

WANTBD. in April, experienced COOK-31iNHILAL, for family of two ; good references required.—Apply to 7HE Krioix, Dlewton-le-Wlilows.

WAISTIID good GlftAL. Must have genuine refer- ences; washer-woman lrpt; no children. -Apply Mrs. BURR )wfs, Bank View. B.ackburn.

ABTBD at once, goo,l HO U SBAIA.IO- WAXCIatSS. also VT Cook eneral, must have good references.—apply OLD RED LION HOTEL, Burnley.

wABTED at once la/115110BaL, 18, fur company house; good help given ; Lice place ; wages be. 6d. weekly.--F6. Lornox IT.. Southport.

NVANTED ANERAL SERVANT (age 20 to ãü); family three, no children; no Cooking ; good wages —Apply It.sysnewtno, heviage rd. Blackburn.

WANTED, HOUISEMAID-WAITRE3S, March '26th.— Write giving reference and full particulars to Mn. BASHISON, Woreley V,carage, Manchester.

NVANTBD, immediately (New Brighton), CIOOK d,• Cook Generals, Generals. liousernanis, and Young Oirla - £l2 to no,-14b, SeA BANK Ftn,, Llidard.

AVAN2ED gOOl CibribMALII.VAZIT. For mall Family, good home and wages lo willing girl.— Mrs. OBES, 45, Ileitou rd., Hare hills, Leeds.

VVANTED, EiIiNEKAL; good character indispensable ; wages El6.—Apply, by letter, with retereuees, Mn. COOPER, 10, Lorne rd., Waterloo, Liverpool.

NIT ANTlSD,lmmediately, Usetul Help as tiOLTitiSLUD- good reierenCe Mthspeusable.—apply Mrs. ti SOIN- IBOTTON. Nook. NtoLuraw rd., Stelsbridge.

NvAIiTBD, experienced COoK-GEN /MAL., good wage., two in family.— ,pply between ti and 7, 19, Viip4.24 lin., Aditon-in-Maxertiehl. newton-le-Willows.

t14.(1, Meld., (*anomie. Ook., Waitteeeee, LVlan. ; good Lomeli mono ; write al; part4Oulare.—'46, I(VlLLOwtmlai. hD., MClabley-tAll, Liverpool.

WAIIIIIII, experienced 0111:42kitAL ; Yrucesnint (25), good c.ok ; good retereuces ebgentaxl ; emit; temily. —23, AMPT7iILL hD., iglaUrtu, Liverpool.

tTti AnahD, IskitirtUblifiNT i INUttbitta OUVlthlthati or Lady help. Experieneed.-/.13., /3derriaen, Vitltebell rd., Lthue-on-ea, near uoiwyrk Bay.

COOKti, E22-£26. H.usemald-Waltresies, £2O-£24 House' Laundrymaid, hitcher:maids and experieueed Oook- tienerals wantea.—Mr. MORTIMER, 17, Hate rd., Altrlncham.

IVABIBD OkiISHUAL; thoroughly r eeliabl ; cook, early riser; clean in person ancl work ; rettrences ; no washing ; comfort.ble home.—Apply L. Liienville,Bramnall.

ijinitiCOT UNION.—COOK WAIIID Immediately or 19broe.' Horne 4j people; we. Zdb (les. superannua- tlon.)—Apply, by Letter, Mrs. Kam, Watrou, Workbou.e, lotEscot.

InL, .tong, Lea pable, its Kitchennisid ; VY salary £l2 or tlet year, according to experience, iwitla material tor indoor uniform.—tdarkos. t anatorium, mew rd., Blackpool.

WTHD for Private House, seaside, experienced GlicifißeL ; good plain cooking ; amall family; Comfortable borne ; references required.—GßL/FITH, • Ventura," lloyi.ke, Cheshire.

WANTHLP good and pieta COOKe,Waltresses, Housemaid Waitresses, Housemaids, Kitchen, between, and Parlour maid., [superior Generale.—Bire. ticAlio. Select Hegistry, Rusnolme, Manchester.

rti PrlbtaTObi, Progreeeive hervante Agency. 44, -al CHARLES IT., Blackpool. 'The oldest establistied in Elluckpool. Want. dervaute With referencel, tor Hotels. Boardlng and Private Bowes ; good wages ; enclose stamp. 'Telephone 0637.

t&IANIIf 0 reakectable Young WOMAN (about 20 years), as treneral ; must be healthy, strung, and goal appearance ; no washing ; no children ; llvc in family; gdod Lome.— Write, statit.g experience, wages required, with referenees.--Slrs. tiECCIII, Igb Lane, Claorlton-ourr,liardy, Alanaheater.

M 159 MIDDLIITON, Old-Ilatablisbed ERGIoTAY, Opposite Heaton Borris atatiou, btockport. WANTts Thorough Plain COOKe, £2B to £3O. hecommended places : HOublsticalDd and HOUldk-PAALCUiIMAIDo, £l7 to £B4. ROUE:Ill-911W INEMAID Naparienced, £2O, and to look after boy aged 9 ; good family, 3 maids kept. CAPABLII GENIIUAL for Lady with one baby. OBBISHAL, trustworthy, £18; very good home; last one there 17 years. COOK-GEN ARAL, £18; family 5; maids 2; Hyde. ZANY SUP/11110H EtTUATIUNd VACANT.

BERRY'tS ACME 6110 E POLIBLIING CABINET containing Pure Bristle Brush, Patent Übe of Black or Brown Water pool Boot Polie4 (never drlee up), and velvet Pollobing Pad, poet free, 11.--17 BERSIY, LTD., Blacking %oar, hometton, London.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
RASH FOLLOWED A VACCINATION

Little Girl's Whole Body Covered Watery Matter Formed,ThenScabs --,-Could Not Rest Night or Day —Suffered Three Years—At Last

===== 0002601_19080321_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
USED CUTICURA AND THAT CURED HER

"My little girl had rashes coming on her at times like nettle rash, since she had vaccination on her arm. They would rise at times and she would do nothing but scratch them until they blettil. She could not rest at night or day when they were on her. It was a pity to see her. I spenlY a lot with doctors and could not get rid of the rash, so one of the neighbors told me to try Cuticura. The rashes were all over her except the face. You know they were hard like a stone first, and then they would fill with water, and then turn into a great scab. She suffered with the ailment for three years and we used Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment, and they did clear it. We bathed her twice a day with Cuticura Soap and we used one box of Cuticura Ointment. The doctor gave medicine for a while, but it did no good, and we left the doctor and used Cuticura, and that did cure her. I am very much pleased to tell you of the cure, and can recommend the Cuticura Remedies to everybody, and wish I had known about them sooner. Evan John Thomas, Penallta Terrace, Ystrad Mynach, via Cardiff, Wales, Feb. 1, 1906."

===== 0002601_19080321_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF

From Eczema hr a Single Application of Cuticura, The great Skin Cure, preceded by a warm bath with Cuticura Soap. This treat- ment, yhen followed in the severer forms with mild doses, of Cuticura Resolvent Pills, affords instant relief, permits rest and sleep, and points to a speedy cure in the most torturing arid disfiguring of itching, burning, and scaly humours, ec- zemas, rashes, and inflammations of skin and scalp, from infancy to age. A single set is often sufficient to cure. Cuticura Remedies are guaranteed absolutely pure under United States Food and Drugs Act.

Sold throughout thelrorld. Depots: London,27. Charterhouse Sq.: Parr, S. Rue de la Paix: Austra- lia. It. Towns & Co., Sydney; India, B. K. Paul. Cal- cutt D a: China. Hong Kong ruz Co.: Japan. hisruga. Ltd.. Tokio: Russia. Ferreln (Apteka). I.loseow; South Africa, Lennon, Ltd., Cape Town, etc.: U.S.A.. Potter Druz & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props.. Boston. se-Post-tree. Cutieura Booklet, 48 pages.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
GIARTONS B S

ps s s

ARE THE BEST AND ALSO TNE CHEAPEST. PURITY AND GERMINATION GUARANTEED.

For further particulars of these as well as all other kinds of Farm seeds, including or distinct new breeds of Oats. Jitneys, &a., see our large Illustrated Cat.i.logne past free on 4pptication.

SEED EXPERTS & GROWERS, WARRINGTON,.

SOLD EFERVIVir IRK at I. 144., 2s. Bri.,4* ed., and lig. 4• 1117,--r. LUNG TON IC.. Wn..1.11;& SIC FOR COUGII.3, CO T OS, RIWYCFTTTTh. ASTI-ill A, Mtc

URES BRONCHITIS. Ni. lA, - , tt. stab.. .., t j DLO „pi..., At on- • Now ' iC151.1 . A C... 1.!. , ...... MN

;mw.rt..."nowej

TRADE TERMS TO FEW RIDERS In etc' district sirbo apply immediately. nfl,l,eslers' Profits. Carll or Easy Psynseati. CWENTRY CYCLES from 100. teti 6 to 15 year,. Packed Fre,. Car. Paid. once for Art Vel (aßOtniand Special Offisr. l'eta.ast Cycle Co., Mop% 90A. Livelrpooll.

DODDS \. KI D HEY '4 \ PI LLS 4s_ b okk L;c*lT,s D I Ci4CS.rifdo 144 ETE s•S 'Cy ell THE DODDS Aqle 2301,0111,01 •

annu, lottlee. 71d.. Free Samele ler -- HANDLLL & Co. let 11 fito. eine

44 • _l4 ,V , / Al\ : ' Established '\ i.V=W' : 50 Years. ... Callard &Bowser's Butter-Scotch 1 , ••Really Wholesome Confectionery" —LANCET. A sweetmeat for alt. and may be given with confidence to the youngest child. \\ in paper packets and tin boxes— various sizes. y • 11l •C 0 y• °c.o. w. • i•4l -,,,‘: C le, _

===== 0002601_19080321_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
614itai

===== 0002601_19080321_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
3DOttls, eptiros, i3oartitmj 05tab.

lIAtISHY HYDttO, Inli OF PSAN.—HeaI winter residence; extend re grounds, golf, billiards ; brine and Other baths. Illuitrated booklet on application.

apartment 9, ITurnisbel3 Wottses,,Szt

4 INSDALII.—APARTYNNT4, central, near station.— Apply. Mrs. GexEN.l3, bt Won rd., Ainodale.

TO LET. —Furnished borne from May, overlooking sea and 1 golf links, comfortable, Cheap.—Hakrintaw, The Links Morecambe.

1,1/47ORTR WALI9.-Board-lieshiesce offered in home of AI trained nurse; terms moderate.-Mrs. WILLIAMS, 4, Llanberi• rd., Cameroon.

HOB-ON-slik, near Colit yn Bay.—APARTMWINTS or IL Board. Close to sea. golf links and bhops.—Mrs. Merriden, Whitehall rd.

M BOIILNIbT, NisW BHIGHTON.—FUM4(BIIBD HOUali. two sitting, three bedroolag, bath, gas- cooker. Near Station and Tram.

1 Sidi OF MAN.—' Homelands ' opening April, for Con- sumptive patienta(lst stages),and others,2 guineas week. —Letter SUP r., 59.. Woodball rd., Old Swan, Liverpo.)i.

Wittnitb.

AGENTS wanted coloured picture postcards, to dear, send le. for 31.—u 4 RT, tat loner. Bath.

AGLINTS antdd for Llve Stock and In-foal Mae 'Lour- ance.—M•nsoeß, hittignte Chambers, Peterboro'.

WARTat), IrOVI t 8RA.83 Apoiy, WILLIAM k.AW•ION, ds NAvrton-le-Wlllows.

500 Ike,!vvies, Domestics wanted Canada Fare *A Otiose al ittarcb.—StAGUlßE, Auctioneer.

Strabane.

ILK.—WANTED, Dairies of well-cooled KLUX. State LV pr ces and qa tt JAPER, 31, Lavan St., Liverpool.

lONFls,,TiOtiiirtY.—WANTesiD an AeTtiESTION to Contectiunery Vusiness.—Apply BEN NEW, Winwick st., Warringwo.

WAISTISD, pretty, old China Cups and allure. painted roses, Sc., or part of tea-se.—kirs. India, High it., Pinner, Middlesex,

tdOAOl-11dAN requtres Situation; good rider. drive pair or I._/ four ; excellent references.—Addreasß. T., 53, Upper Aughton rd., fslrkdale.

Xi, ILK.— NANTI4O, several good rich Dairies of well- .o'l cooled MILK, to start April ISI.—LIAGLEY, 85, Warwick el., Hulnie, Manchester.

WANED. a steady TIAIIBfd AN ; wages 123. per week and board ; only steady man nee4 apply.—J. Hill House Farm, Winstanley, near Wigan.

GARDMNI9R (24), seeks Situation, single-handed, or where help is Oren, experienced ; abstainer ; good reterenees.—BlTHELL. lididaiewich. Cheshire.

/ 90res DLIT talrtlVkil AND HALi.Der.i OFFIOI3, 365, High rd., Tottennam, London. Confidential inquiries under- Wen; rents Bud ciebts recovered in say district.

LALA, experienced traveller, would like chaperone young ladies abroad for study or travel.- Boa 4673, c/o an.satitow & 2 HATCHER, Holborn Place, London.

U HRH ! You Want an Appointment 1 Sanitary Inspector .21.00 lo £33; po.Sal lessons commencing for Liverpool exam. ; lee as.—Mosnicss. Sanitary 'tapers, Sunderland.

To LET 17, FOLLY LANll.—Appl7 WOoDB & dos .1 Solicitors. Iloriemarket Street. Warrington.

BEXHILL-ON-HILL. Commanding Shop, leading thoroughfare, modtrate rent. V talons businesses wanted —Cou.use, Eastcote, Twyford. Berks.

J{OOHS, good, light ; suitable for oftlees ; situated beet poaition ; rent moderate.—Apply ficoxen Wool. SToßae, 37, Bridge it,, Werth, gton.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CO Ut ttt.

_ • _

===== 0002601_19080321_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
fliatrimong

MATRIMONIAL POST and FASHIONABLE MAIL/HAUB ADVIIRTIOIIII. Established half a century ; lb.ooo marriages arranged. Larger than all the Matrimonial Agencies in the world combined. Sealed envelope 6d. with circular 9d.— EDIToIi (Room W. 9.) 12 Trafalgar Buildings, Northumberland AVenne, London,W.O. Distance Immaterial.

VAT /tit DELO B tO Business for Sale, cheap ; good reason for le.vitur.--68 Upper 0rw,.11 et., tplwleti.

CIOSTEII Hatiko WS. London style, carry 5 cwt., 500. each.—MARTIN. 7 Enfield rd., London, N.

LIttIIMICK winning lines, any contest, 6d. 1, 11. 3. 68CEETART, 19, Wharf rd., Bishops-Stortfold.

511 Fin Fat Ivory Visiting Cards printed, 71., name and acb,reac—PELmi, Beanchamp Bt., Stockport.

rrIVOLI AUTOMATIC MACHINIIi, nearly new, 30a. eact; bargatns.-23, LIaIGHAM PLAcx, Northampton.

754 PtRMAILDS of k'opular actres.es, post tree, 2s. 2d Le (Postal Order).—HursT, Damaek It., Halifax

L LIIPHAST Puzzle (" A:aware ") accurately cut out P.O. 1'..1 11.— LANG, 27, &mitt) it.. Longaight, fdaLchester.

x 1) for 10 namee.—bend stamped addressed envelope O for particulars. —Balms TRADES. Loohee, N.B.

HOME-MADI9 Flannelette filiglatdress. linlekers,Ctiemlse, ss. 6d. approval. —WILLAss, 244, Hunslet rd., Leeds.

SOUTILALL'S PRIBMIBH TEA, 3 lb.. 55., post paid.— Ti SToRES, Stmrport, Worgea. Sample Pagket Free.

F SiST Justuta b TAMPS with 6d I.! packet; O different.--Simpsort, 48 Western rd., Oxford.

STABLeI %yid/W.V.—Betting men went the beet informa- tion. Write for partlauleiro.—We.wrze, Pleat', Stirling.

lU.lidlies Broken to Bide. /Japed attention.—Partmulare 1 C. MORGAN, le.l House, Greenham, Newbury, Berko,

PiiIVATI4 collection 8-day grandfather elo.ike.perfoct own- lice, from The —Esitcurom,lo, Hlngebury et., Brighton.

nENTURA.-Artificial teeth cleanser. mpie tin lid post free.—CUTCLIFFE, Harden dect, Btngtey, Yorks

6, pmAl LIMSHIUKd.—fLeaI smart last lines, may be A- had from Haifa tiPENCEII, 47 I:Wires rd., Preston,

66 ANSWEIiti " Elephant solution, 6d.; approval. £l,ooj possibly yours for neatness.-59, tSTOXDON ram London.

ÜbFL NOTTISGHLIISII lAol9.—Bargain parcel Valeu- ciennes, Torobous, Is. P.O.—bMITH, 4, Plowright it., Nottingham.

lAA NOTHING. —Post tree, 2s. 64. for one horse bpselel,— GARD!, 12J, Greenhill rd., thudsworth,

6 NESWERB BLHPlinta." 2 splendid solutions. en, irely different, Is. la.—" FoRTYwINS," 109, Land ear AS., Manor Park, E.

25c, liILLHHADJ, Memo., iso„ 6s. 3d. ; 500 31. 6d. V post free.---tictunaKt.n, Cheapest Printer. dhuttle- worth. Manchester.

1000 BEDS IBADS, Spring Mattresses, Purest Bedding. Lilts. —Bloom' SUPPLY Co. Martensen it., Livevonl, 1413.

uould-FOLD ooLLaxs, all shapes, 2e. halt dozen; ()offs, 1: 3e., post free. —Saamaocit COLLAR Co., 6, Santiago it.. Moss tilde, Manchester.

B"N your Garden and Household Rubbish In one of our Patent Destruetors.—HoMPALL DESTRUCTOR CO., LTD., Spence lane. Leeds.

ADD to your income by contributing to newspapers and magazines. I can teach you,—hOurr-WARD, 30, WAlier rd., New Cross London.

DO 3TUaIiDS from your own or any Photograph 2s. per dozen, 25 for 3s. 6d. Stamp photos. Is. per dozen.— HOUSDER. Letchworth, Herts.

r ARCM dTOCK Silver-mounttd Carvers. One set sea LI any address on receipt 41. tiatisfactim guaranteed.— Rxnza, d, Grove rd., Id aidenhead.

OLD BCOTOR WHISKY.—Bing bAtle of the "Delta Blend" oen now be lent, post free. for 3a. 63. by ABRAM Or.alur, Itneselburitb, deotland.

ILWOLN and NATIONAL Double, P.O. ss. Seven oonolonal one horse wlres el I..(with doable incluled). —6/111RWOOD, 72 High et. , Redhill, surrey. rOB LIMB 3i yds. &things, Browns, Blues and Greys 1%8. 6d., patterns free. Direct from Manufacturers.— TEAvELLEB, 110, lioaboroagh rd., Barrow.

BAZ &AR GOOLB (Special). hi. and 60. Greatest variety and value in the trade.—tfaLmorr & dIATTHZWMAN. Ltd., rough Buildings, Gloucester se., Birmingham.

/11HB OOMMINICIAL ADVIOK BIEN. are prepared to assist and advise tradesmen or private people in difficulties.— Call or write to BECUBTARY, 66, Borough rd., S.B.

MARIS YOUR OWN SO.—No Outlay. 3) pound. Pare White Soap costs 10d. Recipe instruction. orwarded, Hornbrook, Chislehuret.

TOILKT cit Hare, for tender, tired, sweating feet; wonderful, beneficial, harmless. Do try it I 71d.laost free.-52, ALBERT ST.. London, N.W.

(.IPIOIAL Stable Information of Dorm running at Sandown 1.3 March 6th. Defeat Ignored. Send 36. 61. at once for gerc.-110BEil1e, 25, Derail rd., Richmond, Surrey.

y INCOLN HANDICeI.. Reliable information. All con- k./ oerned are confident it will win. Post 3a. 6d. without delay.—C. MORGAN, 54, Albert rd., Kilburn, London,

rrißsTimorntaLi and Addresses Illornlnated In any style at reasonable charges ; Plans and Specifications Litho- graphsd.—CLEßO, 41, sitookorabsrd Crescent, London, N.

!—By posting 25. 6d., we will forward Lady's Hand- 1' bag, extra quality, containing Gem Brooch, Muff Chain, and Rolled-gold Cuff-links- —GORDON. za Fitzroy at., London.

A" you alive to the fact that with £l5O capital you oar) clear £lO weekly (Racing) on my practical paying plan ? —envelope, BEE, 23 Frogmore Gardens, High Wycombe.

STAMPS --Catalogue R 2 9r. 6d., 21 rarities, ar. 9 rarities catalogue 13s. 4d. tor Is. All genuine. Ho Fiscal° Dealer's liquidation. Send club with ld. stamp.— litacnowain, 16, Edgware rd., London.

GAIiDENER'd •• Surprise " Packet.-16 Packets 1 Cboice Vegetable Seeds. Kvery Seed certain prize winner. Unrivalled for Exhibition purposes. oend at once L.A.). 13.—E, •r. GIBBS, Garden Seed Specialist, Bast Finchlev.

aaLVANItiED Wilda NETTING, belt English make, in " 50-yard rolls, 31n. mesh x Oft., Os. ; 3ft., 51. ad. Zd. ; 6ft....105. 9d. ; 2 in. mesh x Oft„ Ss. ; Ifs., 6s. 9d.; 4ft.,95. ; Sit., 138. Sd.; 1 In mesh x Iff.. 4.. 68. ; Oft., Es. 36;. 3ft., lls. 91. Carriage p aid on 67e. 6d. IoIs.—WAI.U9 & Co. Netting specialists, 10 ga nor Parade, Sutton, Surrey.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday March 21, 1908.

liatsellantotts, on ipalts, ett.

BADCiIiS for all Clubs. Illustrated List tree.—llysßlTT, Medallist, Coventry.

DEUX does cure dogs of worms ; price le. 7d.—Box 89 .1- 6, Creed lane, Lonaon.

ntlittlOKS.—Llnes sent for 2s. till you win £2.—DAM,_IL) 59, bosebery avenue, Plymouth.

lIRUMATIC RING in ease, 2s. 6d.—HassusTr, 71, -Lk Cambrian rd., lunbridge Wells.

QOCiErY v. SOCIALISM,' 3d., post free, 30.—BrAter 1,7 AND DALGLICISH, Publishers, Exeter.

101111IZITING.-25,) Invoices, memos, cards and circulars 9e. L —Peracz Ptue-s, 1, Uupar rd., Battersea. -

liatstellatteouo, noak% ett

vvAMR CASKS all sizes, low priooe.—Grumnr ft JOHN GRENNALL, LTD., Bridge at.. Warrington.

T ADIHe and Gents' boots for sale, sheaf), state wants.— _IL.I H. 6.. 60 Beloorne at, Hackney, London. N.H.

'A ; app. E.UOO possibly yonrs for neatness.-59 lITONDON PIC, London.

MAKH Dalniiii.—tlamples value 3s. 6d. tor Is. 6d.; returnable.—Lau Bum, 598, Lees rd., Oldham.

1/- BUYS beautiful Fountain Pen.—lf you eau 6weg iv e you 1 free.--Scatmaz, 40 itaeltfori rd„ Brixton.

Q ATM Lined (Jam containing pair of Hollow Ground 12alora, 68.—SHEPHERD, 3b,_Litannington rd, dtteffield.

hi AK E; Brass Name Plates a.; Home; splendid profits ; LU full instructions ; P.O. Is.--Flortarna, Bilixenden, Halifax.

I ISIPWATANT.—aII genclemeu intered lu ra3ing sea stamped address sharp to PAGE, 3) Little Hoime et. Leicester.

Q HARP ItIVBR SAND and GRAVEL.-200 tons to over cheap —J. B. WARREN, 131, Wilderepool Causeway, Warrington.

1 INCuLN AND NATIONAL, our great double evect, fear LA nothing, podt 50. at onoe.—a. ZCajWN,Sunni/whin Aecot, Berks.

KBOW character told be your eyes and hale. bend is. 14., stating colour.—MADA/CS RED•• 17U. Burnley rd,, Leeds.

Aml IN dTIC EN n AVlNG.—Moograrna, Inscriptions Moderate prices ; estimates free.-08BORNE, 'lrevone, Pet:13111 rd., Lancing, Huseea.

B." stazor, Black handle; warranted best klbeflield steel; hollow ground, post free, 21. Belgreve square, obeffleld,

-DIAN° PLaYlitt AND MUSlo.—Best make perfect order £2O cur. Transfer Library, b mouths to run.—T., 51, Mattison rd., Harris gay, London

VARAIRIt'd SHIRTS.—Why? Because they are double I down the spine. Al! wool 6s. 6d. post tree.—Cotraraw, 39 Furnival et., Holborn, London.

POSIOAIIIIId.-20 assorted. Vie ws, Photos Actresses, Comic ; worth 2s. 6d. ; send P.O. 18.-11. lfwonse, 28. Cunllffe rd., Bradford.

IIjtIONOGRAPIEI and 6 latest /records seat on receipt of 1 10e. Worth doable. Mouth Organs, Bd. and Is. poet free.--Mwasor, Pier Terrace, Lowestoft.

LADDIS' 18-carat (+Jid-Caseid curb Bracilet, with padlock wear 5 years ; or Bangle. wit* Brilliants, Is. 3d.free.— BizimoToll, Thorne, Doncaster.

you MUST TUX THIS I—Plating with real silver for brass, copper, german silver, rtc.; Sample bottle, Is. id. OIIRTIS'B, ES &Won rd., West Norwood.

ADIE Dress Goods iu bundles, 10s. upwards. Any .1.1 length out. Cash with order. bead for pattern..— HAkROW CoMPANY, hawdm, near Leeds.

BARGAlN.—'oltrver's' knife and fork, xylonite hand lks silver mounts, ehelEeld make, post free, 51. 6d., worth double.—SANDIBB, 27. Mount rd., Haelnga.

A BUMS/al' ELIIPHAII NT PUZZLII. —Complete elephant L 1 formed. fike eh showing pieces placed eocordlog to rules, 25.--CLARKE, 3, First &venue, Axton Park, Loa.

AnsT PARIS VASHIONB.—Rand-made Ohmlee, _LI cambric, trimmed Val. lace. 41. carriage free U.K.—Send P.O to ALAvAILL'e. 41 Avenue de la Republique, Pads.

BHIGHTHN YOUR HOMEI by using Frankling's Star Furniture kteviver, acts like magic, 6d. bottle free, 7 stacura.--89 BRUCE WEITLE RD.,TottenbAca,N.Ageute wanted

lekt,Lutto PHOTOGRAPHIC lINLARGRMUNTS. .1...1 Superior finish, copied from any photuraph ; satisfac- tion guaranteed ; poet free, 4s. 9d.--A. C. T. WILD, Photo- grapher, Beer, bayou.

aggO, floultrp, ett.

BW-LAID HOGS, 15 tor 11., carriage paid; uoires of 96, 1.1 180, or 360.—HAMBON SMITH, Hereford.

A) li ST ORPINGTON GGS, pedigree layers ; Payne's strain 2e. 6d. dorm—Trims, &Roar rd., Formby.

POULTIZIC IbRiIUDING hlNTS.—Oatelogue varieties egg A. for hatching, free.—VVlLsoxes POULTRY FARM, Duftoa Appleby.

I.)LAOK LEGHORN EGGS, for early hatching, from cholce 11 birds, 10a• dozen. —to ism E. MaßaloTT, Dial House, Stockport.

Li GUS from PRIZ A. BIRDS r specially for lying; Buff orplngtons.Wyaniuttos 28. per cloZ.--11rs.DeVisoN, Seaton Koss. Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080321_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
iflebtral

TIRED 0 your corns are you ? Send 6d. for recipe.-4 Rartana, Stainorop Darlington. QUICK CORN OVER, ls. Relief at once—rintoc,Chemlet. Tottenham Court, rd., i,ondon.

DItUNKHNNESS Cured quiikly with perfect adety. recipe 6,1.-7, HERB KRT 8T„ Stacketeada.

INDIGESTION' cured by our Digestive Tablets, post free le. ld.—BareTow, Oheeoiet, High Wycombe.

PI LIS S . —Get cured, au Infalliable Remedy aerattrug• ,tend Ir. 6d.— BAWX, 39, bt. Mlchaer's Hill, Bristol.

JI URD AM/Mt/Wel £3Ol recipe for ilbeu,nAtivn, 4d. free —RELIABLE RECIPE BUI1111•II, Totierces, fillaigow.

RRHEUMATIE Si CURED by wearing Electrical Discs, 6. pair, post 7d. Try thero.—Jons C. GRAY. 51, tilgti It, Btrmingham.

BBIIOI9OIfITIS and Asthma poritively cured, particulars free.—Mrs. S. EARRIS, Weetcroft it., Droitwicb, Worcestershire.

SUePEßßltb.—lndigeetloa, eonaclpation,corpuleney mired. Pimple. nezpensive home treatment, post free 6d.—J. EMERSON, 91, Victoria Park rd., London.

IV 'MUNN CORN CURE.—Palnless aud effectual. Will Li cure the worbt of corn.. In bottles. Is. post free.— Unklmr.s. Cbernist, Beckenham. London, SAL

VAZURAL CURES at home for Spinal Curvature, Con- stlpation, Indigestion, Chest, Perna le Ailments. Postal oourse.—Wooh's FlPEctsLtax, 62, Alexandrs. rd., Binning.

Hwonderful new remedy bas cured I Cancer, Turuours, Consumption, and Carefulness Com- plaints in a magical way. Try Hlelyew before being operated upon. This Is no quackery, but a genuine medicine. For all particulars address " iiielyew," (Joulsdon, durrey.

GOLH WYANDOTTH SOGo tor Sale. Yre,tou'a strain; sa. ed prr eltting.—Apply W. and J. H. HEM Mount Healey, lioehdaie.

OUNT OltPliziGkON Uook's noted grand birds ; itt LI for showing; 31. ad. sitting. —MADAMS WILLIAMS. 317, Lord it.. Soutup,,rt.

G(III,AND fir arm IiGGB for hatching, tiock Orpiagton, and Leghorn Wyandotte, kr. 6d. per ritting.—Mlar HENLEY, Seaton Host, York.

O'GS from pure bred buff intPINGTONe, also Partridge LA Wyandottee, champion layere, 6e. ed., sitting 01(APIUN, Printer, Tideawell.

iNBW-LAID HUGS, direct trona the farmers ; guaranteed fresh ; wholesale quantities; prices cpoted.— W. BULL, Alb! House, Gobowea, cihropshire.

GGS from WHITE LIIGHOLikiS, excellent laying strain ILI on unlimited run, 3a. dozen.—THOMAS awls/m.1)4, Lower lane, ()Maley, via Stockport.

UGGS FOR SIFTING.—Prize strain, Golden Pencilled .12.4 Hamburgb, 4s. dozen ; Pedigree Plymouth Rocks, 4s. dozen.-16. BRIORT Sr.. Darlington.

1144,4 US.—World's fa m o u s pedigree layers, Black Legtorna 1% and White Wyandotte& ; 4s. 6d. sitting.—Bams, Westhotme,Green-lawn, Hook Ferry.

123013 from Champion Pen B&EtkifilD ROCKS; have won 1.4' 200 prizes and !amours; 3s. dozen ; unfertiles replaced. —Ssarrie, Park Fields, Press, Salop.

WHUB LIIGHOHN SiGGS, Bunter's strain. sittings 3s. 6d. , carriage paid ; unfertiles replaced.—J. BUTIGEBI7, Hilton Bridgnortn, balop.

VINBItiT FLH EGGS, 9d. dozen; Creamery Butte Dfd., Dairy 10k 1. pound ; beet Poultry. Net cud]. LAND AMOCIATION, POpeto Quay, Cork.

wINTI9I3 LAMBS, batch now; Black 111NOROAS grand Mrds ; marvellous layers ; large eggs ; 2s. 61. dozen.—OLAXTON, lhorndon, Bye, Suffolk,

ENGGS.—WHIT.s OktrlolGrONS, Cook's excellent winter- laying strain. Splendid table birth; 2s. 6d. dozen.— LOCKLEY, Upland's Cottage. Shifnal. Salop.

VGGS.--gure BLACK hlllaoH.Ca.S. Big birds, fit to El show. Wilcock's strain. Good layers ; 21. Bd. bitting. —Goa/calm, Bbaw's Farm, Longridge, Preston.

PARTHID4II LBOllofifid, the new, beautiful and hardy variety. Unrivalled winter layers. Eggs Is. each. Birds for eale.—Hey. J. RAINP:, Walton, Brough, Yorkshire.

BUFF ORPINGTON, celebrated winter layers, Holmes' Prize strain. Six separate pens. Rags 3s. 61„ sp. 7s. 6d. and 21s. per sitting. Also Pullets.—Joßs LOWE, Rhonhead Hall. St. Helens.

T6BH Blue-laced WICANDO CTRS, one 1906, two &larch April 1907. Large well-lam, lOs. etch or exchtnge and for Black Wyandotte Cockerel or Pullets. —Down's wA ITE Kelsley, Appleby, Westmorland.

fEtator ear% epees, (2arriagto, etc

QUOH a good Cycle Basket, with lid and straps. ls. 9i. post 1...) free.—tiAXELßY 36 Co., Wicker Works, Castle Donington, near Derby.

/AN SAL% square backed GIG. light, stylish, lel to 16 \ I bands ; Rl9. Telephone 21.3.—85ure5, Westholme. Green Lawn. }Weir Ferry.

1908 TY6118.--Special value, guaranteed covers, fit Clincher or Dunlop rims, ss. each; Air Tubes, 31. ; lists free.--SPERD TYRE Co., Wolvertimpton.

A VBRY good W }ILL GI % with rubber tyres In very good. £1 order for sale or would exchenge for Governess or with rubbers or for Cob 16 hands. Price for Gig 21.3 or off era.— Apply, ASTLICY, Laurel Villa, 70, Windsor rd., Southport.

Oburatton.

SOHOOL of Domestic Economy. Happy borne for ladles, practical training in Housewifery, Cooking acc. Pros pectus of Principal.—GrauzwELL Housz, Clittonville,Margate.

out 5 anb t anb on §'att.

ON SALE, together or separate. TWO HOUSES, Fairfield rd.—Address 0. 11.,' examiner" Office Warrington.

FHHHHOLD House, ten acres land, buildings. Implements, stock. near station and village. £750 or deposit and ins talm ents.—PARKER. Old rd.. Harrietsharn, Kent.

3ntivitments, &.barts, &r.

10 PER CENT. rifilt ANNIIM.—Write INVESTMENT, 57, Queen Charlotte et.. Bristol. CBH INVESTED.—IIetorn 10 per oeut.--S9 rite E. Agency, 15i Et. Nicholas et.. Ipswich.

£-500.-PROVitiIINT BOND. Paid £2B 3s. 4d,; take £B, or near offer.—J.P.,42,Bumner. rd.,Harrow.

VCR SALE, British Homes House Purchase Certificate. 1 £5OO ; £lOB paid in, no arrears, no reasonable Offer refused.-7. BJWIIRS, 84, Bennett st., Buxton.

'lf INVESTOR.-2500 to £l,OOO required Immediately, .1 upon sound securities ; 1U per cent. guaranteed.— Apply JOSEPH THOMPSON, Hatate Agent, liewcaatle-on-Tyne.

ftorsts, Elbe *Unit

DoCt.—Great Hanna. Bulidoge,Toya, Terriers from 10a. 6d —.SCHMIDT, 469 Hackney rd., London.

DOGS.—Wanted Bitches near whelping and just whelped. —Warta 8E08.,332. London rd., Thornton Heath.

DOGB, Great Danes, Bulldogs, Toys and Terriers frona 10a. 64.— SCHMIDT, 469, Hackney rd., London.

BLlMllilfd SP ANIFILS. PUPPIHS.—Strong. handsome for sale.—Mr a. LooKEB, B onnington, btaribope rd bt. Albans.

rilw I) CART BOMBS end Cart Mare (In foal), 13 and 17 1. hands ; good workera.-41a, VIR6IL gr., near North Haymarket. Liverpool.

To BR BOLD, an ktxcellent ORLDDIG, and Two-wheel .1 DOGCART. with rage, Ace. all in first-class condition. —WHITTAKaII. Hill Top. Cheadle, Hahne, near Manchester.

ItLErBOINE 355 Y. JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

Partnerobtps, turffntOsro.

DO YOU WANT TO BELL your Business P—lt so,oonsult Mr. Onsrputros, Business Agent. Legb at., Warrington

GOOD CONFHOTIONB BUSI id INSSS for aide. Good RY accommodation for vipitore. No agente.—Apply 12. CHURCH HD., Biepharn. Blackpmd.

GOOD CONFLICTION bra and MIXED BURENRB3 FOR SAL} fixtures and stook ; will sell separate; no reasonable offer refused.-244, FIBS-LANE, Leigh.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
'gammen), ett.

agitulturat prance, tilantg, scr

POTATOI3B. All the beet known varieties, slit or S dark Boils, write for price list.—P. ARMSTRONG, Spalding Linos.

50 PAORNDS Home-grown PKIZIA 8/ANDS, Flower or Vegetable, post free, Is. Agents wanted. —SUTTOBI'd LTD., Itconford-rs., London.

OCOTCH SHIM POTia'loloe.—llates, Dalhousie. and 0 Queens, grown on high land; also all kinds of Yorkshire seed, grown from scotch seed.—BEAN Eam.,Acomb, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
litonen

I IDAN, advanced on personal security al.:incl.—Stamp for 1.1 terms, &c., to 1. CAMP, LTD', GOTlelitOn.

2/a MONTHLY isepays Lomu.—obare pro tit U Prospectus two stamps. —l3O-:iPERATIVE B kNICING SOCIETY, 61, Lord at.. Liverpool.

DRIVATH LOAlid.-210, repayable 15s. monthly. Larger 1 amounts In proportion. Distance no object. Forme free.—F. RUTLAND, 28, Inglis rd„ Croydon.

BDgCOMII YOUR OWN LANDLORD.—E3OO to £l,OOO to lend immediately towards purenaling good freehold property, repAyable In 23 to 33 years. Property clear of debt in event of death.--Apply JLEMPII Inomvsun, Estate Agent, Neweastle-on-Tyne.

CASH ACCOMMODATION R. i 0 TO £l,OOO. Loan £lO repay £ll ss. 1 Loan £5O repay £56 ss. Loan £2l repay an 10e. Loan £lOO repay £ tl2 Ws. Loan £3O repay £33 15s. Loan £203 repay £22. W. JACICION, 70, PLYMOUTH tiROYE KANOHE,ITEEt, Tel. 23 liusholme. Branch 0ff10e,26, UOiLPOR&TIUN ST., NAL. rel. 2247

WIDEBS.

£5, £7, £lO, .£2-6,-113b, £5O, £lOO. 1, AID ADVANCE MADE PRIVATELY to TRAES- MEN, FAILNIBRS. WORKINGMBIN, and all liespeat• tie Householders, on their own security. without delay, 00 our simple written promise to pay beak. FAIR AND IiONOURABLD DNALIND.3. W. DOWNS, VICTORIA CHAHBREIS, WIDNHS. YOoT OH THE CENTRAL STATIoN. MANAGER JOHN H. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Koney any livening at their own Homes.

, I 1

===== 0002601_19080321_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC NOTIOB.

BORROWERS who have paid or are paying the usual high rate of interest for the loan or money, do so no lmger, but Coats TO ME, and I will advance you sufficient money at HA.LF THE R&TE of interest you have been charged. So don't fail to give me a call, or write and convince yourself that my terms cannot be beaten. Apply persmally or by letter to the actual lender,

J. LORD, 2, TRY.KNR ST., OFF PARKER ST., WARIIINII.TON

(nest Bank Quay Station).

N.B.—No connection with any Other loan office In town.

Lloto £5,000 ADVANCSO by PFLIVATtC LIINDIIII ON SIMPLE PROSINSORY NOTHS.

- to Bills of Sale Wien., and absolute priv;to-y iiroara—ut-e-ecr First _letter of application receives prompt attention, and Intending borrowers are waited upou by a represen.ative who is empowered to complete transaction on terms mutu- ally arranged, NO °HAUGH BRING MAIDS UNLISSS BUSINESS ACTUALLY COEPLETBIL Special quotations for Short Loans.

Write In confidence to— ME. T. PoLurr. 30, OLDHAM ROAD, MArielliV4T)3ll.

f 3 TO AN Y PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CREDIT D.,000 can have money on note of hand only ON TIORM3 at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan without the usual loin office COMPHTITION, routine and without fees. Our Motto Is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Loans can ke paid as follows or otherwise. £3 loan la. weekly £l.O loan 2,5. 6d. weekly

£5 „ ls. 6d. „ £2O „ 27 „ 2s. 250 ~ 121. 6d. „ The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. 13/doting loans paid off and increased. Call or write NIAURICR & Co., Mies C. COrTRRILL (BiaxaGEßEse), 31, CAIRO STREW, WARRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVACY 4UAISANTRIIID.

HAVING A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT OF CAPITAL for Investment I am prepared to make ADVANCES of SUMS OP Nor LESS THAN £lO to persons of responsible position, without Security. Repayments to be made weekly, monthly, quarterly or at the end of a flaecl period.

Transactions are entirely Private and Confidential through- out. Immediate and careful attention given in every instance.

A. R. BECKEIT,

7, EXCHANGE BUILDINGS,

0, Si'. ;MARY'S GATE, MANCEIESTER.

.liBT

.2 5 TO .£ 5, 0 0 LENT DAILY. LOWEST INTERIs..-' IN ENGLAND, £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 loan, Repay 10s. weekly £lO ~ ~a., ~ £3O ~ „ 120. „ 15 „ „ 6s, ~ £5O „ „ 20a. „ £2O ,' ~Bs. „ £lOO „ ~ 38s. ,s No Sureties, no Lelay, no Publicity. Special attention to applicants from this district. ' METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT 'CO., ' 219, BRUNSWICK S V., OXFORD RD., MANGY 8 i TURD and at 87, VICTORIA LID, NORTH WICH, 65, RDIASTOI4 RD. (corner Of Camln St.), ORICWIi, 8, 'TRENTHAM ST., RUNCORN. _

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B, LIARRIi, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NE WGATS STREET, CHESTER, PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l.OOO ON SIMPLE PKOSIISSOItIe ROTH. PARTIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANCES abould note the advantages offered, viz.— THIS SIMPLICITY OF THE PHOMISSORY NOTE TO Eli SIGNED THE LOW RATB OP INTEREST CEIARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVAOI THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. 'NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a liepresentatwe ill call personally opoo applicants an, complete the truiisami.m. tneir own borne or phials of business. My fair dealiog and reasonable Charges are widely imolai" and my reputation *tends unrivalled,

in -C(

re: Pci les chi be thi rei flic firc

tip Or

it h 'vas inst 1 Lor

bre% ROin irart

Corn Opi a Paid the

!ma Droll thou snve %trot ahar the This

)trior( got chan

14,1 aecol tbe -Light ..13414

uh,e Traci Chnl the attet vf t gnat. tree:, the , iWith "At teien 2rdei teter

WEDNESD&Y Was parti- THE BREWERY cularly notable as a land- SHARE MARKET. mark in the history of the campaign against the Licens- ing Bill. The City of London, that exclusive portion of the City of London which is the business centre of the world, was speaking with two voices. In the Aucton Itaolll it was sending up the price of Biss's shares, and at the Cannon-street Hotel it was denouncing the Government for bringing in a measure wnich spells ruin to the brewery interest. Ls eagerness to buy shares in the Bass Company is a lair measure, we take it, of the sincerity and conviction of the loud outcry about 4' robbery," "confiscation," acd what not. When the City is in a business mood, it no more believes in its own declarivions as to the inevitable effects. of the L'oensing Bill than those who are convinced of the justice and necessity of the measure, Lord BURTON, who is the central figure of the Bass concern, protested the other day that the measure for which Mr. ASQUITH has made himself responsible would coat his company two millions of Pounds sterling, and would, in fact, mean nothing less than ultimate ruin. Nhen his figures were challenged, it was shown that his company would be able to pay a dividend of per cent., even if the statement about the two millions were true.lle retired from the discussion on the ground that he did not choose to discuss the private affairs of his

arm. N,,w, supposing Lard BURTON to be justified in the view which he takes of the probable and, indeed certain t fleets of the Licensing Bill t'r rinnposing that what he said were to be taken ,Berieu'l3' by men of business, whether it he justi- nr t, what he said on the subject must have tended greatly to reduce the price of shares. Nobody with a modicum of commonsense is likely to buy something the value of which is about to be reduced to zero. Obviously, however, it has been assumed that BOCCI BURTON WREI " taikiog through his hat,"- as a rather vulgar but useful colloquialism has it. If the introduction of the Licensing Bill has had any effect on B t3B'S shares, it has been of a contrary character to that which Was predicted. In shor:, the shares have gone up instead of going down. The simple fact brought to light in the City of London on Wednesday is worth a bushel of .argu- teem. Wilateve; may he the case with other com- panies of a similar character, Bass's shares have evidently touched bottom, and they touched bottom, not in consequence of the introduction of the ',Tensing Bill, but some time before the Licensing 8.11 was introduced. •It is being represented that brewery shares are at a low price be cause of contemplated legislation. Tnat• is all impudent travesty of fact. Toe shares in breweries have been going down for years pestond R°lng down continuously. The fall began almost immediately on the formation of some of the companies, for the sound reason that in the °Pinion of tbe niarket the purchasers of shares had Paid far too heavy a price for theie whistle, as is the ease beyond all question. At the Cannon-street meeting, a letter was read from the Bisuor of CHICHE,TER, in which that Prelate said that the Bill would spell ruin for thousands of innocent persons whose money is invested in brewery companies. He is clearly I?rOtig. The Bill has not depressed the price of Shares. There was, however, deep depression in the price of shares before the Bill was brought in. This is because the shares had cost a great deal tnote than they were worth. We recommend the tumor of CHICHReTEIt to make inquiry as to who got the money. He may then find reason to change the direction of his denunciation.

Several of the B.irough 44. CIitosPIELD, M.P.. Metnper's constituents AND THIS hsvo, we learn, written to tdcarrsiNia BILL: obtain from him an expres- siGn of opinion on the trng Thll. Mr. Croslield has not made any ltta_le reference to ths matter as yet, but we ase7., Tnand that he fully intends to support the tbe"b" reading of the Bill, and holds the view that is essentially a cit,zins' Bill restothsg the 13'5'1;4, of which citizens were deprived by Mr. 4"our's 8,11 in 1904.

• There is no question that I,l4ohicsiNci Btu. the Llcensing Bill is gaining Ilitirso FAVOUR, in popular favour notwith- standing the virulent arid Tr.ulpulous opposition engineered by the Liquor cl7B for selfish interest. Liberals and Free th urchn3en have, from the commencement, hailed atte.illeasUre as a courageous and statesmanlike of 'll2Pt to lessen drinking and to curl) the power a, 'l3e liquor mottopoll. Support from such it t'inlr!" was to be anfic,pated, though iis tb-e-13,PitY and heartiness is won& rfhl considering WithVersity of opinion, even among reformers, halt f'egard to the licensing question. During the rale °„rtnight the Bill has been through the fire of unvvriLless criticism, and it is gradually emerging ltdealterle and well nigh scattilcas from the temeaL Ws hoped and believed that the strong Peranca section in the Church of England

•• '

===== 0002601_19080321_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
GARNEFT'S

'NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all

classes. Call and look through the

new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

===== 0002601_19080321_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
would not he behindhand in expressing a candid they partook of hot-pot with great zest. Strange to opinion no the Bill, notwithstanding the strong , say, and also from Sir Gilbert downwards, no one inducements and even threats held out to the seemed to have ally "fear of dearer e . b er " There Church to at least damn the 811 with was a most ample supply of the precious fluid, and it famt praise. We are c-xceedioglv glad to was consumed with a fine disregard of the fact that it note that this week the Church Eilg;and might become very valuable shortly. We really doubt of Temperance S icieiy has given a couriwerm- lead whether water—cheap and plentiful as it is—would have been drunk with greater freedom. in the right direction. At its meeting on Tuesday-- , , * a meeting presided over by the Archbishop of 1 C m & Roberts terhury and attended by seventeen shops At the Education Comm*ittee*'s meeting Mr. Henry and Mr. A. J. Jolley both expressed concern , arid Suffragan ashops—a resolution was passed at the lack of a safety valve on the heating boiler for giving "in general a hearty support " to th" the Beamont School. We believe it occurred to some G •varliment 1301, and ;lecturing it to he ,g, framed members that these two gentlemen both occasionally in the mein on the limas advocated far uany ye its suffer from the lack of a similar outlet for the heat ,by the S icimy." Tula hearty support is " given within. iin particular to the principle it a tirrp--lime, for I it. * * ' compensation," with the proviso that if the period ;Tuesday being . b • a St Patrick's Day, a great number of I shamrock. The "emblem dear "is !of fourteen years should be found to imnotai en people wore the Irishmen,d • is, I unreasonable strain on the Trade, the Council mowever, no longer confinedto an since Iwill support such extension Its may be ~:on- the Boer war, when, from the Queen downwards, sidered " fair and just.' We do not cote- !! breast, everybody put a sprig of shamrock on their it has been worn by large numbers of people plain of that, more especially a 4 the resolutioii 4., i who have no particular sympathy with Nationalist goes on to affirm the principle of the ' ideals. So much is this the case that a good many ultimate resumption by the &ate of the file i i of the more zealous Nationalists have ceased to wear monopoly value of licences as such, and to suggest it on St. Patrick's Day. The Chief Secretary, as a that the Bill should be strengthened in various ti i Irishman acl hoc, wore a large bunch of shamrock, directions, such as Sunday-closing, the regulation 1 and so also did a good many of the Ulster Conserva- of clubs, and the exclusion of children. Toe mare 1 tives. Very few of the Nationalist members were in point is that th 3 principle cif the time limit should ' the House. They were scattered all over the country, he supported as fair and just and the Bill approved taking part in Irish demonstrations or N,itionalist as in the main on the lines adopted by the Socie'y ! celebrations. as ft policy for the Church. We are now in a ' way to get ell serious people who believe that the traffic in drink is a national evil which calls for the intervention of the Sate agreed on the main lilies of the Government pro- posals. It this policy is to succeed, it must have the backing of something more than a political party, and we can only rejoice to see the opinion spr ceding that, in face of the furious agitation of the brewers, party spirit curd the thought of party advantages must be sunk iu 4 united effort to secure fair play for the reformers. The Trade policy of reckless invective is clearly overreaching itself, and quiet and moderate people are finding courage to stand up against it. We do not underrate the difficulties which have to he faced before this B 11 becomes law, hut,its cardinal principles will, we believe, more and more have the support of the thinking part of the community, and after Tuesday's meeting we may h :pe for a joint effort on the part of the secular and spiritual forcee.

* General regret will be felt in Poor Law circles at the impending retirement of Mr. J. C. Sutton, the res- pected clerk to the Warrington Board of Guardians. Mr. Sutton has had a long and valuable experience of Poor Law administration and is recognized throughout the country as an expert. He has held the clerkship to the Warrinaton Board for thirty-six years and prior to that period he was a very active member of the authority and was honoured by election to the chair. The best wishes of his fellow townsmen will go forth to him in his well-earned retirement. The Board is also to lose the services of Mr. S.Sutton,the assistant clerk, whose knowledge of Poor Law and of the history of the Warrington Union in particular has been of much service in the conduct of the business. Much sympathy is felt with Mr. Sutton in the fact that ill-health makes it necessary for him to relinquish the duties. „, *

There were humorous elements in the successful I plot of the suffragist leaders to interrupt Ur. Asquith lat the Manchester banquet on Friday night which I have not been noticed. Very elaborate precautions had been taken to guard against any invasion cf suffragists. A vigilant watch was kept at all the I principal doors of the Midland Hotel. Porters were anxiously scanning the pavement outside for hours and narrowly observing every woman who approached. More care could hardly have been taken to protect a Royal personage from bombs. And all the time in the front row of the gallery, among the wives and I friends of the diners,sat calmly two of the best-known I suffragist leaders in the country —one of them, the interrupter, in evening dress. The expression of mingled amusement and surprise with which Mr. Asquith looked up to the gallery when he heard this lady's question was a study. It seemed to say, " Even here! "

Teursday was the crowning THE INFinmeny day of the great undertaking ExTxxstori. which has loomed so largely in the public eye for the past two years—the Infirmary Extension. Under ttAttiappiest auspices the flue block of buildings ~h will henceforth he devoted to the treatment of the siek and suffering was formally opened, aid the Chairman of the Committee had the pleasure of announcing that the £15,000 originally appealed for had been raised. The present, however, is not a time for rest from laboura in tnis noble cane. Another £l,OOO is rEquired to defray the cost of unforseen alterations to the old building and the i Mayor with that public spirit so characteristic of I him promptly set the ball rolliog by offering to I give £25. This was soon followed by a subscrip- tion of a similar amount from Lady Greenall and we hope that -In a very short time toe institution will he entirely free from debt. The Committee made all excellent selection in inviting Lord Cross to open the exsension,for in performing the ceremony his lordThip was putting the coping stone on the work which he commenced over thirty veers ago when he opened the old Infirmary For one of his advanced years—his Ltirdsh!p is 85 in May —L ird Oross is remarkably hale and hearty and his speeches were delivered in a much stronger voice than is possessed by many younger men. Lord Cross was one of the most prominent political figures of his day, leaping to fame hy defeating the late Mr. Gladstone in SAith-West Lancashire. He afterwards held the officea of Home Secretary (1874-80) and Secretary for India (1886-92). His Lordship also enjoys a civil pension from the State of £2,000 per minute.

* * * It is reassuring to learn from Dr. Dawson Burns's annual review of the United Kingdom's Drink Bill that, although we spent £590,000 more on intoxicants last year than in 1906, the average expenditure per head fell from £3 16s. 1140 £3 15s. 9d. There was an increase of £973,408 in the spirit bill ; but to set against this there was a decrease on beer of £394,881. Although the rate of decrease of recent years, which in one year (1905) amounted to £5,500,000, has not been maintained in 1907, it is gratifying to know that we are spending considerably less per capita, on intoxicants than a generation ago. From 1872 to 1878 the average expenditure never fell below £4 a head, and in 1876 it touched £4 9s. On the other hand, from 1811 to 1851 (both years included) it never rose as high as £3, while in 1642 it fell as low as £2 Bs. 51d , or less than two-thirds its present amount. As matters are, we stand exactly where we stood in 1866, when the expenditure per head on alcoholic liquors was, as last year, £3 15s. 9d. * " The inhumanity of woman " has provoked a vigorous outburst from the militant Vicar of Burton- wood in this month's issue of his parish monthly. The rev, gentleman had ever a cogent way of putting things, and this is how he speaks of the cruelty of headgear : —Above a really pretty face, and resting on a well poised bead one too commonly sees the small dead carcass of a humming bird, or bird of paradise, or it may be, the wing or plume of a bird of larger species. Vanity must indeed be strong and powerful when irmoves a woman to carry on her head wherever she goes in the outer world, and to fancy herself as she goes, the dead body of a wonderfully made and beautifully coloured bird. A woman's hat should never be an open tomb, nor a woman's bonnet a portable cemetery. Dead birds, wings, osprey plumes should be tabooed by every woman, who is a woman, as vulgar, barbarous, and ferocious. Only feathers that are shed or cast naturally,can consistently be worn by any woman claiming to possess a woman's heart. * * * The immense crowds that flock to our football grounds to " assist," by their presence, in the success of the game, form the °Neat of the reproachful, and sometimes even the wrathful, outpourings af both the moralist and the physicist. A correspondent writes to urge that there is something to be said on the other side. It is, he observes, the common thing to heap scorn on the taste which leads people to flock in thousands to a football field, to pay their sixpence or shilling for admission, and then to stand for an hour and a half or two hours while a number of hired players hesport themselves in a pastime, the issue of which is rewarded as of the most profound moment. The people who go to watch football matches, it is loftily urged, would be better occupied playing themselves, or taking some other form of active physical exercise. Those who speak in this way, however, are rather apt to overlook the limited opportunities which adults have in winter time of themselves engaging in physical exercises out- sick, that of walking ; and is there not some physical effort demanded in getting to and from the field and supporting the ordeal of a ninety minutes sojourn there? The people are, at any rate, in the open air. It is possible also to value too lightly the effects of a keenly-contested football match, and the pursuit of the fortunes of a particular football team, as a means of taking people out of themselves, and direrting their thoughts for the time being from the more humdrum affairs of life. There are far less wholesome interests than that arising out of football, even if one has to be content to be a mere spectator of the game.

" Women," says Joe Pon- THE MYTERY OF aley in" The Subjection of WOMAN. K.!zia," " he nv.zdy things." Joe is like many other men. To him the mind of Ktzia is a mystery into , which he has tried to probe with limited masculine intelligence and failed. Dr. Claye-Shaw, the well- kno%l ti specialist, has been explaining at the Institute of Hygiene that the psychology of women must always remain a pAradox to men. He con- cedes to the suffragettes that the alleged intellectual inferiority of women to men is- CO exploded fable. There is mental difference between man and wornan ! which is. influenced by environment and education. But it is intellectual unlikeness, not inferiority, , that marks the female sex •fro!,» the male. Dr. ! Claye-Shaw is not, however, disposed to regard the dominance of woman over man—a condition of society which he conceives to be by no means impossible—with any satisfaction. He looks upon the natural instinct of the man to treat the woman with consideration and reverance, and to regard her as a mystery which he cannot penetrate, as. something which should not be lightly discarded by women. Man has looked upon woman as something to be worshipped so long that the claim to equality of power and similarity of opportunity in the world Comes as a disillusionment. " Surely," he says, " women will hesitate before they exchange the invincible armour of mystery and charm for the naked and tame theory of equality land

Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds never fails. 1/li, 2/9.—Advt.

EYESTR AIN arises from small unnoticed defects of focus, and causes Headache, inflammation, Weak Eyes, 'nobility to stand the Light,Novralgia,Etc. GLASSES are the only cure. Glasses should only be worn after proper testing, otherwise the sight may be permanently injured. JOHNSTON WATSON, EYESIGHT SPECIALIST, 84, Bride Street, Warrington. Low Charges. Satisfaction Guaranteed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Blackburn last year spent 1,531,030 in drink, according to the annual returns of Mr. W. E. Moss, a local temperance misaioner, this working out at the rate of £10,212 per week and £1,454 per day.

* The " pubs," we hear, are full of petitions against the Licensing Bill. A. point worth noting is this. Many customers—thirsty and otherwise—call at many "pubs " and the same men sign different petitions at each house they call at. Thus the number of signa- tories swells. We hear of one man who will, by now, have signed about 20 petitions as his business takes him to those many public-houses.

* * * Fashionable furs come under the ban of the Rev. A. M. Mitchell, Vicar of Bnrtonwood, in his parish Magazine article on "The inhumanity of woman." Why, he asks, does not "my lady" who eats the mutton, wear the sheep-skin? and he answers his query with the statement that the skins of creatures killed for food are not tich and rare enough. "It is incomprehensible," he says "how women can, and will persist, in spite of all that has been written, too, in wrapping themselves up warm in garments dyed in blood. Those tell-tale skins! Their secret cannot be lid." Seieral thousand shares of Bass and Co. were sold at Tokenttouse-yard, London, on Wednesday afternoon and the prices realised show how unfounded, is the cry that has been raised about the effect of the Licensing Bill on brewery shares. The average peice was 40s. per share some lots being sold at 41s. A similar sale took place several weeks ago, before the introduction of the Licensing Bill, and the prices then ranged from 395. to 435. per share. It is clear, there- fore, that the bill has not had any material effect on the market value of these shares.

* * * The members forming the Government in our local Parliamentary Debating Society, to say the least of it, have the courage of their opinions. They not only brought in and passed an Old-Age Pensions Bill, giving pensions to all persons over 65 years of age, but have now tackled the Education question in a very bold and comprehensive manner. They have laid on the table of the House this week a Secular Bill. The introducer of the measurer is Mr. S. W. Jeffery who on Educational matters is somewhat of an expert. He is well-known as the assistant master at the Wycliffe Day Schools. Advance Conservaii*sma!Lthrough hot-pot and beer.] The great Tory supper to welcome Mr. Pierpoint was held in Parr Hall on Tuesday evening. Our "neutral " contemporary describes it as a "huge , gathering," and then gives the number of those present as "about 450.' Anyhow, Anyhow, all the Tory big- wigs were there from Sir Gilbert downwards, and

===== 0002601_19080321_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITECROSS WORKS.

Employees' Recreation Scheme.

I Recreation schemes are very much to the fore just ; now, and the latest local undertaking of the kind has I been inaugurated by the employees of the Whitecross Co., Ltd. They have formed a Recreation and Social Club, which will be maintained by means of small weekly contributions, and have purchased the large house known as Meda Bank in Green-street. Work- men are now busily engaged in transforming the building into club premises, and it is hoped that the opening will take place on Easter Saturday. There will be billiard tables, library, card rooms, and the usual club accommodation, and a bowling green is to be laid at the back of the house. The Green-street scheme, however, does not form the limit of the club's activities, for it is intended, as soon as opportunity presents, to acquire a recreation ground where facilities for all kinds of games will be provided. Mr. W. Carson has been elected president of the club and numerous members of the staff have undertaken the offices of vice-presidents. Mr. J. W. Bouchier is the treasurer, and Messrs. A. Range and A. C. Binks are the joint secretaries.

NEW CONTINENTAL TURBINE STEAMER,—The Great Eastern Railway Company have ordered another turbine steamer for their Harwich-Hook of Holland service. This vessel will be a sister ship to the " Copenhagen " and constructed by the same builders, Messrs. John Brown and Co., Ltd., Clydebank, for delivery this year For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. l/1/, 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE

- 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. Cricket Club Meeting. "The Haunted Room. ! 3. Infirmary Extension Opened. Education Committee. Nature Notes. 6 Board of Guardiliee. Children's Corner. District News. ' • . 7. Rugby Football. Science Notes. For Chronic Chest Complaints, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt. Church Society Addresses. These addresses have been as highly appreciated as ever this Lent, and another large congregation assembled in the Parish Church last evening when the Rev. Peter Green, of Manchester, spoke on "Christ and Him Crucified."—Next Friday the preacher will be the Rev. W. Quibell, whose subject will be "I don't care." The Right to Work Bill. Amongst those who v.,ted for the measure were Mr. J. A. Seddon (Newton) and Mr. S. Walsh (Ince). Liberals who voted with the Governmer.t against the measure included Mr. A. H. Crosfield, Warrington ; IHon. Lyulph Stanley, Eddisbury ; Mr. James Temkin- ' son, Crewe; and Mr. A Mond, Chester. LINSEED COMPOUND,' Trade Mark of Rays Compound Essence of Linseed for Coughs &Cohls.--Avdt Local Will. ' The will has just been proved of Mrs. Eleanor Hayes, of Chester House, Worcester, widow of the Rev. William Hayes, vicar of Stockton Heath, Cheshire, and youngest daughter of the late Colonel Ford, of Abbeyfield, Cheshire. Mrs. Hayes died at , Chester House, Worcester, on January 25 last, and by her will of June 24, 1903, with a codicil of SFR, I 1907, subject to the payment of £lOO each to six nieces, left her entire estate to her son and acting executor, Edward Harold Hayes. Her property is I returned at £18,328 9s. 10d. gross and £18,194 19s. 3d. net. Premier in name, Premier in quality. PREMIER CYCLES from 6 guineas.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55 Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Finest DANISH BurrEn, Is. 2d. lb. at Asar,EV'S.—Adv The Author and the Printer." An interesting lecture on this subject was delivered before the members of the Warrington Society on Monday eventog by Mr. T. .E. Gibson. At the outset Mr. Oswald Lofthouse presided, and later the chair virs occupied by Dr. Naden. Mr. Gibson referred to some of the technicalities of printing and book-binding and illustrated the various sections of his address by samples of the articles as they came under review. He advocated the production of a full history of Warring- ton, dealing with its biographies, antiquities, com- merce, and manufactures. The discussion which ensued was taken part in by Mr. F. R.. Roberts, Mr. E. J. Hall, Mr. John Fairhurst, and Mr. Oswald Loft- house, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Gibson for his address. PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Parent Assaults Schoolmaster.

- At the Warrington Borough Court, yesterday' William Bibby, 375, Winwick-road, was summoned for assaulting William Mason, headmaster at the Beamont Council School, on February 28th. —Mr. A. T. Hallaway, Deputy Town Clerk, prosecuted, and stated that on the afternoon in question the defendant came to the school and complained of one of his boys having been thrashed. He became very threatening and commenced to swear and shout. Mr. Mason tried i to quieten the defendant, but he struck up a fighting I attitude and pushed Mr. Mason away. After some I difficulty he managed to get him out of the school.— After hearing the evidence the magistrates imposed a fine of 20s. including costs. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THIO CLOCK FOR BEST Boars IN LANCASHIREI.—Advt. Warrington Philomathic Society. A meeting of the above Society was held last Wednesday in Gregory's Cafe, when the debate " Will the permanent conquest of the air be achieved by machines heavier than air ?" was opened in the affirmative by Mr. Gordon Pitt in an interesting speech. He had an able antagonist in Mr. H. H. Taylor who spoke very effectively for his side. A ' general discussion followed in which the members sought a good deal more informatidn from the openers than they had already given. Considering tbe nature of the debate there was a good attendance of members and the proceedings were of an interesting character MOUNTAIN FLAX (LINUM CATHARTICUM) PILLS An agreeable aperient. Worth a trial. 9&d.—Advt. Goiborne-street Baptist Church. ID connection with the recognition services of the Rev. R. E. Letheren at Golborne-street Baptist Church on Thursday next, the Rev. H. J. Pickett, who is announced to preach in the afternoon bears one of the best known names in his denomination (Primitive Methodist). He is the minister of a large church at Northampton and is the recognised leader of Free Churchmen in the district. Other speakers at the evening meeting will be—Alderman C. Barlow, C.C., chairman of the Kettering Board of Guardians, a deputation from the Kingsthorpe Women's Circle, Rev. E. H. Walter, New Brighton; Dr. J. L. Fenn, Liverpool ; Rev. A. E. Robinson, ivlanchester ; Rev. John Yonge and Rev. J. F. Matthews. TRY GILLETTE SAFETY RAZORS for comfort in shaving.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. Drowning Mystery. On Tuesday afternoon the body of Robert Taylor, widower, aged 74, who lodged at. 3, Hoyle-street, was found floating in the Mersey opposite Litton's Mill, Quay Fold, and it was recovered by Sergeant Hesp and P.C. Woolacott. From the evidence given at the inquest which was held on Thursday by the Deputy Coroner (Mr. F. A. Jones) it appears that deceased had latterly been living with Herbert Caldwell at 7, Litton's Mill: On the night of February 13th he was in the house under the influence of drink and made some remark about certain insurance policies being "quite enough to bury him." He lay down on the sofa and Caldwell covered him up and retired to bed. When he got up deceased nad disappeared and nothing was seen of him until his body was found in the river by a flatman named John Albert Stringer.---A verdict of "Found drowned" was returned. Warrington Carter's Death. Mr. F. Lloyd-Jones, the Flintshire coroner, held an I inquest at Saltney (in Flintshire) Police Station, on Thursday afternoon, concerning the death of George Richardson, carter, who lived in Legh- street, Warrington, and who met his death instantaneously at Mold Junction on Wednesday morning —Mr. E. Brassey, solicitor, Chester, appeared for deceased's employer (Mr. J. Lunt, furniture remover, Warrington), and Mr. Steel, solicitor, Warring- ton, represented the deceased's relatives.— George Hughes,licensee of the Liverpool Arms,Saltney said he was standing on Saltney Ferry bridge about 10.20 a.m. on Wednesday, when Richardson passed him with the furniture van. He was then walking by the shaft horse. A few minutes afterwards a woman shouted to witness that a man was dying, and some distance along the road witne3s saw Richardson lying on the road, having been lain over, while the van had gone on a considerable distance. When witness got up to him the man was dreadfully mangled, and was breathing his last. Another witness said he saw deceased sitting on the shafts prior to the accident. Tbe jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death." Finest DAisirsti BUTTER, Is. 2d. lb. at ASHLEY'S.—Advt. 'LINSEED COMPOUND 'of 40 years' proven ectficaS for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles.—Advt. Wycliffe P.S.A. At a well-attended meeting of this society on Sunday Mr. R. Atkinson presided, and Mr John Harrison, of Moss Side, Manchester, gave an address on " What think ye of Christ ? " At the present time people's minds were, he said, somewhat at unrest. Men like John Stewart Mill, and Professor Huxley:, were men with honest doubts, and many of their expressions went a long way to exalt the name of Christ as the great Light, the great Saviour, and the Divine. The life of Christ was associated with every- thing that had been a blessing to man. Let them all , think much of Christ, and let their lives be influenced by Him; then they would be better and others would be made better by their service and life. Mr. P. Bailey sang " When I survey the wondrous Cross ' and Lead, kindly light," and my. Payton presided at the , organ. Mr. C. Cotton and Mr. A. Healey also took ' part in the meeting. The Secretary welcomed three new members, making a total of 457. The Chairman ' referred to the chalk marks on the board written by , the entombed miners before their death, " We are trusting in Christ."

Is illness itself not a trouble Sufficient without an M.D. ? Are worry and pain not made double By thought of the consequent fee? Let Illness not make you uneasy. When health is so cheap to procure ; For coughs and colds, sneezy and wheezy, Take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ROYAL COURT THEATRE. ---

"The English Rose"

"The English Rose " is one of those exciting dramas which are always welcomed by the multitnde,and the popular parts of the theatre have again been well filled this week. The authors, - George R. Sims and ; Robert Buchanan -have woven a story of absorbing interest, the scene being laid in a beautiful but very " distressful " part of Ireland. " The English ! Rose " is the name bestowed upon the winsome niece ! of Sir Philip Kingston, a tyrannical landlord who 1; ! regarded as a usurper, and is held in hatred by t peasantry. She is wooed and won by Harry O'Mailld2 ; a cheery and popular son of the Emerald Isle, and It ; is at this point that the fierce resentment of the villain, Captain Macdmnell, Sir Philip's agent, is aroused. He cunningly incites some of the oppressed tenantry to murder Sir Philip at the Devil's Bridge, Connemara, and then saddles Harry oMailley with • the crime. Black as is the outlook against the young lover, complete exoneration comes at the eleventh hour by the dying confession of the murderer, and retribution falls upon Captain Macdonnell for his instigation of the outrage. The play is capably I presented by Nlessrs. W. H. Savory and A.. S. Pigott's company. Mr. Oswald Cray soon establishes himself as a general favourite by his forceful acting as Harry O'Hailley, for he has a fine stage presence, and is in every way well fitted for the part. Miss Violet Fare- brother also gains high honours as Ethel Kingston, ! her impersonation, especially in the lighter moods, being quite natural, and forming no small factor in the ; success of the production. Mr. Jackson Wilcox does full j justice to the unenviable role of Captain Macdonnell I who pursues the hero and heroine with the relentless- ness characteristic of stage villains. Miss Margaret Damer's version of Bridget O'Mara is marked by fitting restraint, and Mr. Ellerslie Pyne is highly ' dramatic as the luckless Randal O'Hara. Some ! capital comic relief is provided by Mr. C. Young ! Fixott (Sergeant O'Reilly) and Miss Ella Seton (Louisa Ferguson) whose dancing delights the audience. The mounting of the play is all that could be desired, the scene depicting the Devil's Bridge and ; its romantic surroundings being one of the most i beautiful stage pictures imaginable. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.—MR. F. R. BENSON'S COMPANY.

Mr. F. R. Benson's celebrated North Company will pay their usual annual visit to the Royal Court Theatre next week. This has always proved such a popular and successful attraction that patrons are advised to book their seats early in order to avoid disappointment. Already a large number cf seats have been booked. The follow- ing seven plays will be presented : —Monday, " The Taming of the Shrew " ; Tuesday, "Julius Cmsar Wednesday, "Twelfth Night " ; Thursday, "The Merry Wives of Windsor " ; Friday, "She stoops to conquer " ; Saturday (matinee), "Henry the Fifth " ; Saturday (evening), "Macbeth." Mr. Heery Herbert will again be seen in the leading iole, and Miss Emil Leslie and Miss Gladys Venderzee share the principal lady parts. The Company numbers 30 first-class artistes, and its popularity locally ensures crowded houses at each performance. Special low rates will be offered to school parties for the matinee.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT IN IN PARR HALL.

Railway Benevolent Institution

The concert given in Parr Hall on Saturday evening on behalf of the funds of the above institution was noteworthy for its abundance of good vocal music sung by capable singers. The two brothers Messrs. G-. H. and J. H. Ditchburn and the daughter of one of them, Miss Winifred Ditchburn, took the burden of the concert on themselves, and very satisfactorily discharged it. The•first two are curiously alike in their bass voices and their style, and moreover they Sang songs also of such near kinship that one was sometimes not a little bothered to identify the singer. But as both were good the distinction mattered little and the " Four jolly sailormen " of the one was so closely matched by " My old shako " of the other, that when both came together in the quaint duet "Two proper men," the balance of merit was indeed found to be so evenly adjusted that the audience, who were for a considerable part of the evening coldly unmoved, grew enthusiastically insistent upon an encore. Miss Ditchburn possesses an agreeable contralto voice, which she used with taste and feeling in Barnby's pathetic little song story " When the flowing tide comes in," and in the homelier song "My am n folk." But she was obviously at her best in that bright conceit "Where are you going to,tny pretty maid ? " a duet in which she was joined by Mr. G. H. Ditchburn, to the great enjoyment of the audience. Madame A.Croxton's clear soprano and distinct though not quite per- fect enunciation enabled her to interpret most success- fully "She wander'd down the mountain side," a song of sterling merit to seldom heard in the concert-room. In the Waltz Song which Mde. Croxton sang later in the evening one would have preferred a fuller measure of that abandon which should more than anything else characterise its rendering. Nevertheless the vocalist imparted a piquancy and charm to the song which lifted her interpretation of it much above the common-place. Of Mr. J. H. Draper's tenor songs "Thom " and " My Queen "it is due to say that they evinced good taste and an intelligent grasp of the spirit and sentiment in both cases. Of the two "My Queen" was the more satisfactory performance and but for a too evident effort in taking the upper notes little was here left to be desired. The trio " Queen of the Night " (Smart), in which Mde. Croston, Miss Ditchburn and Mr. G. 11. Ditchburn took part, was one of the vocal gems of the evening. Mr. F. M. Darby, Mus. Bac., opened the concert with a neatly executed and dashing rendering of Godard's Mazurka in B flat, playing also the accompaniments to the , various songs skilfully and with excellent judgment.

• STOCK AND SNARE MARKETS Latest Quotations BANK RATE 3% SETTING DAY MARCH 27TH 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day BRITISH FENDS.

Consols 2A'-',4 100 ...87i I 2e,, Annuities 100 921 2:1%, Annuities 100 86 Nt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 lOO ...991 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO —972 Bank of England Stock lOO -.280 India Stock lOO .101 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .3G Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...34 London and County 20 .90i London and Westminster '4:l .51i Manchester and County l7 -54 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...46i Parrs 00 824 Union of London lsi 35 Union of Manchester ll 25 Williams Deacons 8 241 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO ...NI xd British Electric Traction Ord. lO l i Southport Tramways 5 36 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 881 Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 60 Great Central Deferred 100 12 Great Central Preferred lOO 21& Great Eastern lOO ..62,1 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...401 . Great Western lOO ...116i Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ..91 London, Brighton & South Coast 1 100 ...103 , London Chatham and Dover lOO ...11 Lonion and North-Western lOO —l34} London and South-Western lOO ...137 Metropolitan lOO ..36 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO .57 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. lOO .021 North British lOO ...29 North Eastern Consols lOO ...133 North Staffordshire lOO ...921 oath Eastern lOO ...118 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. $ Canadian Pacifto loo 1491 xd Grand Trunk of Canada lOO —l5l Do. Guaranteed 100 ...94 Do. Ist Pref. lOO —lll3 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO ..93 Do. 3rd Pref lOO 47i

===== 0002601_19080321_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

FUNERAL OF COLONEL PILEINOTON. IMPRESSIVE SCENE.

I The funeral of Colonel Richard Pilkington, C. 8., who ' for many years represented the Newton Division of Lancashire in Parliament, took place on Monday at St. Helens, and it was made the most remarkable demonstration of regard ever witnessed in the town. Most of the shops were closed, blinds were everywhere drawn, and the route to the cemetery was lined by thousands of people,who thus testified the esteem for the memory one who had done so much for the wellbeing of the borough. Prior to the funeral service a special meet- ing of the Town Council and the Education Committee was held in the T.)wri Hall, under the presidency of the Mayor (Alderman Martin), who,after personally testify- ing to Colonel Pilkington's high character and devoted ' service to the community, moved a resolution testify- ing to the loss which they and the borough have sus- tamed in the death of one who for more than thirty-five years as Mayor, alderman, and councillor has unselfishly devoted himself to the public service and to the furtherance of every good and useful work.—Aldermi Massey seconded the proposition, which was supporten by Councillors Collins, Barton, Fletcher, aud J Phythian, and Mr. Slater, a member of the Education Committee, and carried unanimously. The members of the Council and Education Com- mittee, with the magistrates and Corporation officials, then walked in procession to the Congregational Church, where they look part in the funeral service conducted by the Rev. J. Gwilym Jones, pastor. The remains—which were in the coffin of panelled oak, enshrouded in the Union Jack, surmounted by Colonel Pilkington's sword and helmet—were placed inside the Communion rails. After the service the remains were borne from the church by six sergeants of the 2nd V.B. South Lancashire ltegiment,with which Colonel Pilking- tou had a long connection, and placed on a gun carriage drawn by six horses. The procession was headed by the firing party of sixty members of the reg iment and th baud, and escorted by the mounted police* The mourners were Messrs. Arthur, Lionel, Charles W; Norman, and Guy Pilkington, sons ; Colonel W. IV' Pilkington, Mr. Cecil Pilkingtoa, Messrs. Arthie Sinclair (Southport), Edward Lawrence, and Charle. Pilkington (Manchester), lhomas Pilkington (London.. , Mr. Allan Pilkingtou, Sir Henry Seton-l(arr, Messr, Grant Wilson Vernon Roberts Arthur Todd, Murra Todd, John Wilson, (London), Dr. Masson, Fran,) Gaskell, EL P. Hawkins, W. L. Stannard, R. J. Wilsons and W. H. Evans (Bromborough). Following the mourners came the members of the 1 2nd V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, under the com- mand of Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas, with them being Colonel Verschoyle, the Brigadier General ; the 2nd Lancashire Royal Eugineer Volunteers under the com- mand of Major R. B. Glover, and the "11 " Troop of the Lancashire Hussars Imperial Yeomanry, under Captain Dixon.

At the cemetery the s cone was a memorable one. Tnere was a very large assemblage present, and the service at the graveside, which was conducted by the Rev. J. Gwilym Jones, assisted by the ltev. J. Allatt of Newton-le-Willows, was most impressive. At its close the firing party fired three volleys over the open grave, the band playing the hymn " Days and moments quickly flying," while the buglers sounded the' last post."

===== 0002601_19080321_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. Baxter in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Spruce, G. Egerton-Warburton, A. Greenway, E. Britch, S. Wood- ward, C.E.Linaker, W.Harrison,S. Horton,. Bretherton, C.Horton, P.Collins, S. Talbot, T. Wood,W. Winstanley, J. W. Timperley, J. Douglas, J. B. Chadwick, C. E. Linaker, jun., P. Booth, T. Antwiss, J. Bolshaw, C. Koylance, A. Haining, J. Hallows, W. Weir, J. H. Davies, J. L. Jones, J. Stokes, E. Bretherton, J. Mynekyme, J. Whitlow, T. Guest, A. Broome, W. Nixon, G. F. Ashton (clerk), and the relieving officers.

The eaimates for the half-year ending Michaelmas next were submitted by the Clerk and showed a probable expenditure for common charges of £4,933, county rate £8,059, balance and contingency £3,806 ; total £16,798. Deducting the probable balance at Lady Day of £5,813, this left an amount required from the overseers, £10,985. The assessable value of the Union was £237453 and a rate of Ild, in the £ would produce £10,874, and this rate was recommended, being an increase of id. in the £ on the corresponding period last year. _

Tee estimates were adopted. FISCALITIS FOR UNEMPLOYMENT. _

The St. Alban's Rural District Council forwarded for adoption copy of a resolution on unemployment to the effect that the question was a national concern and could only be satisfactorily dealt with on a national basis, and therefore called upon the Imperial Govern- ment to take the necessary steps to deal with the problem in a national and systematic matter "by so altering our present fiscal system that the vast quantities of manufactured articles now imported into this country from foreign competing countries that could be made by British working men shall be manufactured here so as to very considerably reduce the number of the unemployed." Further the resolution protested against all schemes for reclamation of waste land and foreshores on the ground that the acreage of land out of cultivation at the present time in the United Kingdom, is so vast as to need no additions and suggested that the establishment of farm or other colonies would help to solve the unemployed problem. The matter was referred to the Parliamentary Committee.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW MASTER AND MATRON.

The following were the applicants for the. position of master and matron selected to appear borer° the licerd,by the special committee appointed at the last meeting : M.r.W.Birchall,Mrs.Lonie Birchall,Burnley Union Work- house ; Mr. A. 11. Measures and Miss Ethel Presgrave, Workhouse, Bagthorpe, Nottingham ; Mr. F. C. BcHinson and Miss Florence E. Clarke, of Wolverhamp- ton Workhouse ; Mr. Peter 0. NVhalley and Mrs. Edith L. Whalley, of Whiston Workhouse, Prescot ; and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Wildsrnith, of Cheadle Union Work- house, Stoke-upon-Trent. Out of the above the Board decided to appoint Mr. RoHinson and Miss Clarke to all the position.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
VISITING THE WORKHOUSE.

Mr. Norman moved that any member of the Board or the Ladies Committee should be authorized to pay casual visits to the Workhouse if they gave notice of their arrival to the Master and Matron. It did not mean that anybody could go and walk round and so make themselves busy bodies. Mr. Spruce said they received some time ago a circular letter from the Local Government Board, which stated that they had a right to visit the place and were allowed to go on their own. Mr. Davies supported the latter suggestion. Mr. C. E. Linaker, sen., opposed it.. He thought it would cause a serious difficulty. The resolution was carried.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ARMY VETERAN.

Mr. Morris said was an army veteran in the house. He had served in the Crimea, the Indian Mntiny and other campaigns. The Clerk waz instructed to inquire into the matter.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT' COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held a Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. G. Piling in the chair. There were also present : Messrs. J. Spruce, 'l' Baxter, G. Egerton-Warburton, A. Greenway, I. Britch S. Talbot, S. Woodward, C. E. Linaker, W. Harrison, S. Horton, C. Horton, P. Collins, T. Wood, W. Winstanley, J. W. Timperley, 3. Douglas, J. B. Chadwick, C. E. Linaker, jun., P. Booth, T. Antwis, J. Bolshaw, C. Roylance, A. Haining, J. H. Davies, J. L. Jones, J. Stokes, FL Bretherton, J. Mynekyrne, J. kVhitham, T. Guest, A. Broome, W. Nixon and G. E. Ashton (clerk). • THE ESTIMATES.

The Clerk submitted the estimates for the half year ending Michaelmas next. The probable expenditure was £8,563, made up of general expenses (public health) £l,BBO ; highway expenses, £2,628 ; balance and contingency £4,055. Deducting the probable balance on March 31st of £5,224, this left a total amount required from the overseers of £3,339. The assessable value of the district was £180,516 and a rate of 4id. in the £ would produce £3,384. The above rate was recommended being a decrease of lid. in the £ on the call for the corresponding period of last year. The estimate was adopted.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE- XIGHWAYS.

The Clerk submitted the esiiin.:te of cost for the repairs and improvements of highwaysotc., for the year ending March 3 1at,1909 as follows :-Iludworth district, Antrobus, repairs £230 and improvements £37; Appleton, £4BO ; Budworth, £124 ; Crawley, £ll3 and £l7; Grappenhall, £205 and £4O; Halton, £130; Latchford Without. £l5O and £33 ; Seven Oaks, £B2 ; Stockton Heath, £76 and £4O; Stretton, £6O ; rhelwall, £l4O and £l7 ; Walton Inferior, £6O and £80; Walton Superior, £76 and £ll 10s. ; Whitley Superior, £74 ; total, £2,275. Frodshapa district, Acton Grange, £32 ; Alvanley, £l3O 75. 6d.; Aston. £7l 16s. 88. ; Aston Gmnge,£7 7s. ; Bartington,£lo 12s. 6d. ; Clifton, £25 178. Gd. and £l. ; Daresbary, £33 10s. ; Dutton, £132 ; Frodsham, £197 3s. 9d. ; Frodsham Lordship, £2Bl ss. and £79 Bs. 11d. ; Hatton, £143 17s. Gd. ; Helsby, £163 Bs. 4d. and £26 ss. ; Kekewick, £29 10s. ; Kingsley, £270 15s. and £26 7s. Gd.; liingswood, I £7B Is. 98. ; Manley, £ll7 10s. 10d. ; Moore, £74 15s. ; Newton by Daresbury, £96 18s. 3d. ; Newton by Frodsham, £B2 19s. 2d; Preston-o'-th'-Hill, £309 10s. sd. and £ll 12s. 7d. ; Stockham, £37 7s. Id. and £l9 ss. ; Sutton, £96 3s. 48. and £6l 6s. lid. ; Weston, £199 and £3O 7s. 10d. ; \Vhitley Inferior, £45 7s. 6d. ; total, £3,050 6s. 6d. A special meeting of the Council will be called at a future date to consular the above. DANGEROUS CHEMICAL GASES.

The Clerk read a letter from Halton Lodge, Runcorn, dated March 14th, which ran : "Dear Sir,—Damages to farm crops in this neighbourhood by chemical gases have increased so extensively during the last few years and for precise information I submitted a sample of oats grown ou the above farm in a field near Halton rood to Mr.Smithama, nalytical chemist, Liver- pool, and I endorse a copy of his certificate. The oats

5

were a good well-standing crop of the " Storm King variety and were not lived at the time of harvesting a was the case in many instances last year through th exceptionally inclement weather. Now the new inspecto under the Alkali Act has been appointed and youd Council contribute towards his remuneration the Counci will doubtless take some interest in his work and reports. I have several times similarly suffered and have approached the representatives of the works, ans' your Council would be amused if I repeated the variou suggestions they would like me to believe as to the cause of a damaged crop. Part of the land in my occupation is amongst the most susceptible and exposed in the district,being practically on a level with the tops of the works chimneys, yet %whenever a complaint was made an acknowledgement that the matter was receiving attention or a visit, usually ended the matter. At leas this was my experience. lam fully aware that these works provide the livelihood for some thousands of fatuities and in fact are the chief industry of Runcorn and Widnes and very severe restrictions for the benefit of a few would be unwise, but if some remedy, however moderate, comes within the scope of your Council's authority and the evil be slightly reduced it would be of interest to this locality for I can assure you all the claims are not bogus ones. lam sending a similar letter and enclosure to the Town Clerk of Liverpool. Yours faithfully, Arthur Once." The analyist's certificate stated : " I have made a careful chemical examination of the sample of damageu oats which you left with use eu the 4th inst., and I find ' unmistakable evidence of the presence of chemical ' fumes similar to those which are usually emitted by Alkali works. In my opinion the failure of the grains to come to maturity was due to the injury by the fumes."

The letter was ordered to be sent to the new Alkali Inspector.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE MEDICAL OFFICER.

Mr. Woodward- -M-o-v-ed—tl;t—br J. Adams be re-appointed medical of health to the Council for the ensuing year, which resolution W 4.9 adopted.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESEOWN AND NEWTON.

" BLACKGUARDLY LIBEL ON IRISH PEOPLE.' Speaking at Earlestown on Saturday, Air. J. C. Earthier, M.P. for Monaghan, replied at length to a recent speech by Sir Henry seton iiarr, in which it was stated that a friend of the ex-member for St. Helens was alive only because the members of the United Irish League were bad shuts. That, said Mr. Lardner, was a cowardly and blackguardly libel on the Irish poople, and it would not, in his opinion, bear investigation. Sir Henry also displayed colossal ignorance on the grazing question when he described it as a great indus- try, or that lrelaud was in a state of anarchy. There was no anarchy. Ireland was never more peaceful than a., present : there was no bitterness, uo dispirite dness, no religious intolerance, no matter for grievance. CONSERVATISM AND THE WORKING CLASSES. The last of the series of lectures by Mr. Nelson, : barrister, of Broudneatn, was given at the headquarters of the Earlestown and Newton Conservative Club, : Earle-street, on Saturday, entitled " Conservatism and the Working Classes."—mr. Nelslii dealt with the atti- tude of the Conservative Party towards the working classes and the various measures passed by the Con- servative Governments during the last 70 years. The subject was handled very creditably, and was fully enjoyed by a large numuer of frieuds.—.Mr. G. E. Clarke, in proposing a vote of thanks to the lecturer, casually mentioned that Mr. Nelson, although a native of the West Indies, was a B.A. of the Oxford University. A vote of thanks was accorded the chair- man (Mr. W. Sutton). UNITED IItISEI LEAGUE.

The annual concert and demonstration in connection with the United Irish League 01 Great Britain, took place on Saturday in the Town Hall, Earlestown. The concert was sustained by the Misses Beatty and Strunach, Messrs. P. Connelly and J. Whelan. The chair was taken by Dr. J. O'Keefe (St. "felons), supported by Messrs. J. C. K. Lardner, M.P. for North Monaghan, J. A. Seddon, M.P. for Newton, and Others. Mr. r. Glynn moved :—" That this meeting of Irishmen of Earles- , town and district hereby renews its tullest confidence in the Irish Parliamentary Party under the able leader- ship of Mr. John Redmond, and welcomes in our midst a representative of that party (Alr. J. R. C. Lardner, M.P. for North Monaghan) on this auspicious occa- sion. When we assemule togetker in celebration of the National Apostle of Ireland, SL Patrick. We declare the present system of government in Ireland to be abortive and costly, denying to Irian people any voice in the management of ineir own affairs ; while we con- demn with equal vigour the depluralle campaign of calumny that is no 6v being waged throughout this country against Ireland." Mr. L. Murphy seconded and the resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. J. C. K. Larduer, M.P., and Mr. J. A. Seddon, ALP., addressed the meeting. fne latter said that Irishmen would never cease to struggle tor the freedom of their country. There was a great straggle in front for those who believed in the einancipatioa of Ireland, and he urged all Irishmen to think lung before they entered into an agreement wins tut' party who were toes to their cause. Tne democracy of Ireland was calling for economic emancipation as well as tur politlcal freedom. (Applause.) The siuging of " God save Ireland " brought the meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
A HAYDOCa HAY DISPUTE.

At Liverpool Assizes on Saturday before Mr. Justice Ridley and a common jury, a counterclaim action was brought by the defendant, Peter Wright, a hay dealer, of Haydock, against tee plautiff a farmer named Berry, of Haydock, for breach of warranty. Mr. itigby Swift appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Tobin, and Mr. Layton were counsel for the defendant. 'rue defendant's case, was taat on Ist November, 1907, plaintiff sold him two stacks of hay at an agreed prace of £230. Tne contract was for clover hay, but defen- dant contended that after he had paid for the hay he discovered that it was of a very inferior quality. lAccording to the current market price, Wright ought, to have been able to sell the hay for 4340, out the best, price he could get for it was £6O, and on now sued Berry for the difference—£Bo. .

The plaintiff's reply to the counterclaim was that no agreement was arrived at between the parties as to the quality of hay to be supplied, and be maintained that the hay Was of satisfactory quality, having regard to the fact that lest year had beau a bail one tor crops. Evidence was given by farmers, who said that the hay was of a satisfactory quality. Mr. Rigby Swift, on x.auatt of the plaintiff asked the jury not to believe that the hay was not good simply on the ground that %,.,rigtit made a bad bargain in re-selling it. Coaosel suggested that Vright had made a bad bargain, and now wanted to place the loss ou Berry's shoulders. Mr. 'robin said the probabilities of the case suggested that a warranty was given, and the proof that the hay was unsatistactory wiis cleirly founa la the statements I of the men who had bought it from his client.

The jury, despite a lengthy letirement were unable to agree, and they were accordingly aischarged.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN QUARfERLY MEETING. Resolution on the Licensing Bill.

The ‘Varringtou Circuit Quarterly Meeting was held at Be%Nsey-road, an lliuisday, vitea there WaS au exceptionally large atteuclauce of representatives. After tea, which was geueruualy provided oy Mr. said Mrs. A. Taylor, the hey. iduey Pitt presided. The financial statement was presented by tile stewards' Mr. it. it. Meldruui cud Dr. Lieuuett, cud Was rtigariled as satis- factory. Itie auperiutenueut reported twit the hulhoer of members was 8J,3, being a sligut aeereasd ow Lae quarter. The rim 'THOMAS MILI,ER accepted a unanimous invitation fur auother year. The rtes.& nioney Pitt and William Mellor having °ten the lull Leith of three years, will reinuve at we next Guutereuce, and the Rev. E. Blanchard i•eeliug 01 Alindle4borough, cud the Key. Thomas Wadding 01 lirmiturd are invited as their successors. . .

The reports on Sunday and Day Schools, Foreign Missions and Tewperauee P,ora Were presented and dis- cussed. arta IL was resolved mat wore attention should be gived to bands of Hope. /no annual 6yilud in to be bola at (Amster the third week in May, alio in addition to the Stewards, air. b. J. MILL:Lent and rtlf. row& Harris were einoted as representatives. In ease any of the delegates sLioUI.I ne unsulti to atieud, Mr. James Allison and Sir. .Jouu Ja,nbala ere app... al Loll ad 'SULU- stitutes. Mr. Isaac Jouirsuu spoke on toe work of the Local ereacners' Mutual Aid :tbbveiion, and it was resolved that aSsistsiaie be given oy collections in the various chapels during Juue. The question vi toe La:miming Bill was introduced by 1 Mr. E. J. la CEST, woo proposed a resolution in support ul the bill winch was carried with only One dissentient. the text ri the IVSUDILIOU ana Mr. i_luesCa reumrks will re lound among other "iicentiug" steaks page 8.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Commercial Travellers' Whist Drive.

A must successful whist chive in connection with the tvarriugton Braucn of the U.K.G.T.A. was held at the. Lion Hotel last Friday evening, 184 members and friends being present. The gather- was presided over by Alderman W. Pierpoint (plesident of the Branch), Mrs. Pierpoint also being present. A most enjoyable evening was spent and in the struggle fur supremacy the following ladies and Beutlerueu were declared winners : Ladies : Ist ize, silver-mounted umbrella, Miss B. Webster, 226; dnd ptize, silver-backed hair brush, Mrs. W. IL livans, ddd ; rd prize, silver hat pin stand, Mrs. J. E. Warren, 216 ; Consolation prize, enamelled belt buckle, Mrs. G. W. 1:kooks, 161. Gentlemen : Ist prize, silver-mounted umbrella, Mr. J. Sudety, 221; dud prize, case of military hair brushes, Mr. k'. Webster, dl9 ; 3rd prize, wallet, Mr. H. W. Whittle. 218 ; Consolation prize, pocket knife, Mr. J. A. Bayne, 16:7). The arrangements wens carried out by Mr. A. J. Allen, and otuer members of the Entertainment Committee, and the catering of Host Lee was, as usual, excellent.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE COMPANY.

Another yelr of wonderful success is reviewed in the annual repa rt of the Prudential Assurance Company a summary of which appears in our advertising columns. The unique position which this great undertaking occupies is the outcome of systematic good manage- ment and a triumph of organization. Its property has permitted of a long series of concessions and reforms, culminating in the arrangement made last year to give a share of the profits to the policyholders in the Industrial branch as well as the superintendents and agents of :he company, and on all sides this is recog- nized as the manifestation of a liberal and enlightened policy. In the ordinary branch the number of policies issued during the year was 86,080, assuring the sum of £9,156,865, and producing a new annual premium ircome of £466,557. The premiums received in this branch during the year were £1,480,377 being an increase of £189,406 over the year 1905. In ;he Industrial branch the total premiums received amounted to £6,661,631, an increase of £162,603 over the figures for 1906. It has often been noted in the past, how almost impossible it is for any great disaster to happen in these Islands, or even to many of our fellow-country- men abroad, which will not leave its record in the company's experience. Thus, the Shrewsbury railway accident involved the company in six claims,amounting to £232, whilst at a railway disaster happening at the other side of the world, at Barberton in South Africa,' four claims were paid. In the loss of the s.s.l Nicaragnan—which sailed on the Bth June last from Norfolk (Virginia) for Dublin and was never again I beard of,out of a .crew of forty-six,thirteen were assured with the Company. The epidemic of cerebio-spinal meningitis in Belfast—more commonly known as"spotted fever "—was however more fatal as far as numbers go than any accident, for in Belfast alone the company paid 207 claims from death arising from this cause. The business in both branches of the company this year constitutes a record and the concern towers more eminently in the insurance world than ever. The local superintendent is Mr. J. T. Rowland, 69, Sankey-street.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ETOCKTON HEATH GARDEN SOCIETY. - --- Spring Bulb Show.

In connection with the above Society the third annual Spring Bulb Show was held in the Church Institute, on Saturday afternoon and evening. Mrs. Roger Parr kindly consented to declare the show open and amongst those present were :—Mr. Vere B. Davies (who presided), Rev. J. Collins, Mr. W. Hickman, Mr. C. Plicston, Mr. Fawcett, secretary, Mr. E. Bradshaw and others. Music throughout the afternoon and evening was admirably supplied by the Society's orchestra. The Chairman remarked that they had an admirable secretary in Mr. Fawcett. (Hear, hear.) There was an increase in the number of exhibits. He then called upon Mrs. Parr to declare the show open. (Applause.) Mrs. Parr in declaring the show open said she could hardly believe it was their third show. She was pleased to be with them and als%to see such a large number of exhibits. She then decllred the show open. Mr. Plinston in moving a vote of thanks to Mrs. Parr for coming io declare the show open said it was her first visit to their show but he hoped it would not be the last. The Rev. J. Collins seconded and the motion was carried. Mr. Hickman proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Davies for presiding which was seconded by Mr. E. Bradshaw. Mr. Davies responded on behalf of Mrs. Parr and himself.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
NON-COMPETITORS.

The following kindly sent bulbs which were not for competition :—Centre piece, hyacinths, daffodils, tulips. s.u., sent by Sir Gilbert Greenall ; the president of the Society (Mr. V. B. Davies) sent some hyacinths and a piece of an orange bush ; Mr. Leonard Davies, primulas ; Mr. W. Bainbridge, primulas, tulips and daffodils; Messrs. Ker and Son, cineraria ; Air. J. Deighton, cut flowers and lilac ; Mrs. Morris, double tulips ; Mrs. Bidell, hyacinths ; Miss Thora McDermid, hyacinths in pot ; and Master J. Barlow, hyacinths in pot.

THE PRIZE LIST. The following is a list of the prize winners :—Six hyacinths in pots : 1, F. Lynch ; 2, E. Vernon ; 3, R. Mochrie. Three hyacinths in pots : 1, G. Lloyd ; 2, J. Moore ; 3, Miss S. Broadbent. One hyacinth in pot: 1, Mrs. Hargreaves ; 2. R. Mochrie ; 3, Miss S. Broad- bent. Three pots of single tulips : 1, F. Lynch ; 2, E. Vernon; 3. A. J. Motram. Pot of double tulips : 1, A. Harmer ; 2, O. Vernon ; 3, A. J. Mottranl. Pot of single tulips : 1, Miss S. Broad- bent ; 2, G. Lloyd ; 3, F. Lynch. Three pots of double narcissi : 1, A. J. Mottrarn. Three pots of single 123r5iSSi 1, A. J. Mottratu. Pot of double narcissi : 1,

F. Lynch ; 2, A. J. Mottram ; 3, E. Vernon. Pot of single narcissi : 1, J. Colley ; 2. A. J. Mottram ; 3, E. Pollard. Three pots of double daffodils : 1, A. J. Mottram. Three pots of single daffodils : 1, F. Lynch ; 2, A. J. Mottram. Pot of double daffodils : 1, G. Lloyd ; 2. A. J. Mottram. Pot of single daffodils: 1, Mrs. Hargreaves ; 2, F. Lynch ; 3, A. J. Mottram. Miscellaneous collection of bulbs groa a in one howl in anything other than soil : 1. E. Vernon ; 2, J. Moore; 3, G. Houghton. One pot e ch of hyacinths, tulips and narc7ssi (grown from bulbs supplied by Messrs. Webb and Sons, through Mr. Wniteh: .d, •f Stockton Heath) : 1, E. Vernon. One pot each of hyacinths, tulips and narcissi (grown from bulbs supplied hy Mr. 0. Starkey (Golden Square) : 1, E. Pollard ; 2, E. Vernon. One pot each of hyacinths, tulips and narcissi (to he grown from bulbs supplied by Messrs. Thomas Pierpoint and Co., Horsemarket- street) : 1, A. J. Mottram ; 2, E. Vernon. Special class : 1, J. Barlow. The judge was Mr. J. Parkinson, of Appleton, and his awards gave general satisfaction.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=IN

===== 0002601_19080321_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080321_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19080321_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU A HEALTHY SKIN? Zam•Buk's Marvellous Healing.

In the early days of Rome, people highly --prized a clear, healthy skin, and researches after certain choice herbal balms and oils with which to anoint the skin were long and arduous. Later, the secret of tbese balms was lost, and it was not until the discovery of Zam-Buk that man was once more enabled, by means of Zam- Buk s unique herbal saps and juices, to restore his skin from disease to prfect ease and comfort. If your skin is out of order, those millions of pores, throng}, which the impurities of your system are eliminated, do not work correctly. Your body becomes loaded with poisons, which should, in the natural course of things, be passed through the skin-pores : the tissue breaks down under the extra strain, and the body having become weakened by the absorption of the poisons retained in the system, is an easy prey to eczema, pimples, ulcers, and festering sores, or that particular disease to which it is most susceptible. The moral is Keep your shin healthy. In Zam- Buk the world has the finest healing balm dis- covered by modern science. It is purely herbal in character, and it is prepared by costly machinery in such a manner that each ingredient is beautifully proportioned and balanced. Zam- Buk is a wonderfully refined preparation— beautifully soothing, readily healing, and power- fully antiseptic,

Zarn-Buk' is just that ideal substance that has long been wanted for the human skin. Gentle applications result in the rich medicinal saps and juices being absorbed. Sickly skins are toned up : the pores are roused to increased activity, and the stored up impurities are released and all the terror of skin eruptions, etc., as if by magic, disappears..

• Should the skin or deeper tissue have broken down, and ulcers, blood-poisoning, eczema, ring- worm, or other disease appeared; then no time should be lost. Don't experiment with mere ointments which contain rancid animal fats and cannot exert any medicinal influence on the skin. Zam-Buk is entirely different, being composed of rare and costly herbal juices possessed of wonderful healing, soothing, and antiseptic qualities.

It is the uniqueness of its origin and manufac- ture that has enabled Zam-Buk to revolutionise existing methods of healing cuts, bruises, burns, scald., chapped bands, cold sores, chafing ; in treating in a new, scientific, and effective way, the worst cases of eczema, piles, ulcers, bad legs, blood-po'soning, festering, psoriasis, scurf, ring- worm, children's scalp sores,spring skin troubles, and all those inflamed, burning, irritable, and diseased conditions of the human skin that torture their thousand victims.

Zarn-Blik draws disease and impurity out of the skin and tissues, kills microbes, allays inflammation and festering; and, after purifying • a wound or sore, helps new, healthy skin to grow. No skin looks so well, or is, in fact, so soft, so sound, so sweet, or so healthy throughout as the skin that has had frequent dressings of Zam-Buk. In a sentence,.the secret of a healthy skin is : Keep Zam-Buk handy, and use it daily. Skin disease will then be banished, and the tissues kept sound, healthy, and strong.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, SatuDiay March 21, 1908.

OUR COMMERCIAL SUPREMACY. BRITAIN STILL EASILY FIRST.

By L. G. Ghiozza Money, M.P.

ARTICIE

There is nothing more remarkable in the world of commerce than the ease with which the United Kingdom retains its lead. We have in round figures 40 millions of people against the 60 millions of Germany and the 80 millions of America. It would be unreasonable to suppose therefore, that'we could for ever retain commercial supremacy, for Germany and America bring against us not only numbers, but kindred race genius, while America has resources over- whelmingly greater than oars and German iir has given ten times as much attention to education as we have. Yet we are almost encouraged to hope that our lead will remain with us for long when we examine the recorded facts of experience. It is of interest to set Out the export record of the four greatest commercial nations for a period of 25 years.

The sour Leaders Compared. Here is the comparison : EXPORTS OF UNITED KINGDOM, GERMANY, UNITED STATES

AND FRANCE. United United Kingdom. Germany. States. France. Mill. £ Mill. £ Mill. Mill. g 1882 242 . 159 153 143 1890 264 166 176 150 1900 291 227 286 164 1907 426 338 395 222

The years given were all of them good years of trade, or " boom "years. It will be seen that we cone out exceedingly well in this ordeal of compari- son. We have almost doubled our expoits in 25 years. In the same period Germany has rather more than doubled her exports, but she had not so moch trade to double. Arnericl appears on the face of it to have done better than either Britain or Germany but this is not really the case. Her exports much more largely consist of natural and agricultural prc- ducts than do those of Germany and ourselves. France is a veiy bad fourth. Almost level with Germany ind America in 1882 she has only increased her expoi is by about 50 per cent, in the 25 years.

Protection as a Factor.

What has Protection had to do with these figures ? If it accounts for the very great American increase, dces it also accornt for the French increase being so stnall ? America has put on £242,003,000 of expor., trade while France has put on only £79,000,000 worJr. Or take the comparison of France and Germany. Starting from almost the same level Germany has put on £179,000,000 of trade against the £79,000,000 increase by France. In the same r 2riod, starting at a much higher level, and therefore not able so easily to make increase, we put oa £184,003,000 worth rrf export trade. If any conclusion at all is to be drawA from these results,surely it is tba we have every reason to be proud of them. It would be misleading to attribute or* satisfactory position wholly to Free Trade, but even a Protectionist must be constrained to admit that the position is exceedingly satisfactory. And in view of the larger popula- tions of our chief rivals it becomes something more than satisfactoty. We are entitled to say that the comparative position of Britatin in 1907 is betterl than we might have expected. The Balance of Trade Delusion.

We have had much difficulty in persuading Tariff "Reformers " that Ice do not pay for imports in golden sovereigns. lam not sure that many of them are not yet unconvinced. What they usually do is to make out a little sum like this :

BRITISH IMPORTS BIGGER TRAM EXPORTS (1907.) Imports for Home Consumption 554,000,00 Exports

Balanc-A

. f,:128,000,000

And then they declare we:" lose" the ;Z128,00,030. The fact is, of course, that the balance is far more than accounted for by the earnings of our ships and the interest owing to persons in this countty by foreigners and Colonials. As, however, there still exist Protectionists who either w:11 not or cannot understand invisible exports, let me set out the cat:e of Germany in 1907. GERMAN 13IPORTS BIGGER WAN EXPORTS (1207).

, Imports for Home Consumption 423,000,000 Exports

.vilkinson, .- ,y ye of thanks was accorded to ----- --i Mr. Woodcock. A vote or thanks was also given to Does Germany "lose " the £85,000,000? Is she the Mayor for presiding, on the motion of the Rev. J. being drained of gold ? Not at all. Her imports are F. Matthews, seconded by Mr. Fairhurst. I bigger than her exports for the same reason that ours LINSEED COMPOUND' for Cough and Colds. I are, 1 Lcause her ships earn freights and because her Of proven efficacy. Of Chemists.—Advt. foreiga investments bring in imports. Germans are Spiritualist Society. greatly increasing their investments abroad and the 'Pr Spiritualist Society was celebrated on Sunday and eleventh anr;versay of the Warrington i county's "balance of trade "is gr owing. It is less Monday. On Sunday afternoon the Lyceum session than ours, of course, but that is because she does not was open to the public, when Mr. E. Spencer, of possess one half of the world's ships as we do. Indeed Nantwich, gavel an address on the work of the ; St. Barnabas' Church. as we possess 50 per cent of the world's tonnage, it Lyceum,contii be capital advice to both scholars and friends. ; During the afternoon e distributed the At this Cnurch on Sunday evening the preacher w would scarcely be possible for any other single nation awards for regular attendance, and also special prizes the Rev. Cuss. Harris, organizing ' secretary to the s to possess the other 50 per cent, discourse, dealt chiefly with the uses of a cathedral as a for recitations given during the past year, in the latter Liverpool Cathedral Fund, who in an interesting tiiluarcke.oficireitnesds to God and a centre of worship and • Success of an old Runtish Industry." case supplying useral hints to the young reciters. In aeppwtufir:r support on behalfraa It is somewhat amusing to find the American Consul the evening Mr. Spencer read J. R. Lowell's "fPsar.able,'l'. following with an address on the message of the Liverpool se a trcregm at Bradford, Mr. Erastus S. Day, assuring the trituai closingwithlfunadaeyw evening clairci American people, in an official Consular Report dated voyapni delineations—Onlm 'gratifying progress, for the walls of the cathedyral are ed° On lecture Monday o i.l Februai jr 12th, 1968, under the above heading, that aofgothe egvraedninagllYMrri.sigrorins delivered'St James's eesna illustrated number sat down to tca, after which, instead "the woollen industly of Bradford is enjoying a usual kind of entertainment, Mr. Spencer occupied the , "The Cathedrals of England " with special reference I evening with recitals of Victor Hugo's “ Poor Folks," to the work which is in hand at Liverpool. period of great prosperity," and yet adding that he a humorous dialogue entitled " Geese," G. R. Sim's! Wycliffe Church. cannot understand it. He says : " Lifeboat," and another humorous selection calle3 1 "It is difficult to state what it is that gives " The Love Potion," proving himself to 13 a vei ,7 I Another special service for young people was held at I Bradford its leading position in the production of versatile elocutionist. After the singing of a hymn this Church on Sunday evening when the Rev. J. Yonge textiles. There is no doubt that the comparatively I Mr. Spencer gave some claii voyarce, which. was Illairfeea?ped(AastetrhmeonxhxavTinAt,h,vtaittellet,a" The sentinels of I accepted as correct by the recipients, thus bi ingrng a ".Referring soft damp atmosphere is an important factor in jto the 'season of (Matthew 'the preacher snaidpray. that, in part, it thoroughly enjoyable evening to a close. ; commemorated the temptation of Jesus, and helped to spinning, dyeing and finishing. A competent 07alc tali esrgeFarsrQUEN.D7r.dvTtlig CLOCK FOR BEST I call attention to temptation as a universal human writer saia a short time book that there is no , BoPs -t s English town that enjoys so little sunshine and ; LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs, Cold I t,:c Filet-tile:lx .daiTyoiii7eg, pbeuottleatfiwndurtihaeamr tiny leisure a exposedt to; this will explain at once that atmospheric condi- i Bronchial troubles. 9id. 8c l/li. Of Chemists.— s'Aadn4 . They need, therefore, to boon their guard augraeinstetligt.. 1 1 tions which undoubtedly help to soften the wool Wei He advised them to set sentinels over themselves , Works Bowling Association. 1 every day, and commended to their adoption fibre, all conduce to its manipelation in as prfect ' The annual meeting of the Waiiington Works the two safeguards which Jesus gave to His disciples, a way as possible." I Bowling Association was held at the Bowling Green' namely, yigilance and prayerfulness. In the close of his address, he alluded to the incident of the entombed I House Bank Quay Monday • evening Mr. J. Willett • With all respect to 11-. Day, this explanation does , (chairman of the 'committee) presiding' Representa- miners, whose dead bodies were found the other day, not serve. Modern science knows how to create tives of 13 works attended.—Mr. -.G. Holbrook with "trustinga in messagecrliiaatl chalked ir,ent at board young that ptater3,7l ewseor were iivya in i g (treasurer) submitted the balvice sheet, which showed watchfulness and prayerfulness that whenever and humidity of any degree. We have to look further. There is no doubt whatever why Bradford beats the ethxapteuthdeitruerceetipts.To7unts. Gedd, to i. 53 a4bsa. balance and h the hporewpeavre;ideftththmeileglhotsecoonfiethuepsoenrytihceema,,llseleisahloix,ild be our United States. She does so because the absurd Dingley of 17s. 4d. The resrilt of the chagrity match between ; was arranged for in the Memorial Hall, when sacred Tariff has duties on cloth and duties on clean wool and the Warrington Works Association and the Eccles saonndgiwr were rendered by suggestiveaMr. W . Brown,reulAtlaitsisu uL. entitled Travis A i .sccation resulted in over .£5 being handed ;r‘ duties on wool in the grease. America is handicapped ' The water mill," was impressively given by Mr. C. ; over to the Nursing Association.—The balance EccleS. About a hundred young people were assembled in the game by her own folly. ; sheet was appr.,veci. - Captain G. R. Oros- and the hour closed with "Abide with me," brief prayer Tllllerlean 'lmports of Cloth. field was unanimously re-elected president. I and benediction. Let me turn to the Arneeican trade returns for 1907 The following committee was selected :—Messrs. _ which I have just received from Washington. Here F. Dean (Whitecross), H. Halford (Bewsey Wire is the record of imports into the United States of Ropery), R. Savory (Rylands Brothers), J. Broadhurst I (Fletcher Russell's) W. Simister (Longrord Wire manufactures of wool : Works),E. Tynan (Bifurcated Rivet Works) J.Willett I IMPORTS OF WOOL MiNEFACTL 2ES 1.),T0 Cat. (1907). I (Crosfields'), George Ball (Pearson and Works), ! Dollars. j W Gleave(Houghton's Wire Works),T.Horabin(London i ... 4,175,230 and North-Western Railway.), and I. Makin (Orford , ... 1,768,781 i Tannery).—Mr. Scott resigned the secretaryship owing ' bNauriathtnir co.uldngbe coughssafer, a cusiijserh chitis, and quicker for ... 5,628,335 to pressure of business and Mr.W.Patrick (areening's) authma, hoarseness noaruseurilgs sored throat, roat,and raoln catarrh, l cla ... 10,687,785 was elected to succeed hirn.—Mr. G. Holbrook was troubles than Nensc:'s Lightning Cough Curu,estthaenfadmluunut ---- re-elected treasurer and Messrs. Straw (Greening's) and tried remedy now used the world over, which can and Burdett (Castle Rubber Works), auditors.—The be bought of any chemist for the nominal sum of nine- -- -- Chairman, before closing the meeting, said he hoped pence-halfpenny. Now these goods literally climb over the ' Dingley the committee would work harmoniously together,and ! suffered Mrs. Gray, dreadfully ie a fstaunrats,brDuinincbhriitria Na .(1.,. writes :—" I tariff. The duties on them are very high but yet they utlfiattheerich one would ,11,1°1 his stlaervteeld best years thea ago, übenefitau 8 years,these comlaints being rendered mstohrmeatrfsoirao,„vhliyr i go in. Why? The answer is that America because ha d had some association. sleepless theyups and downs, but they were still of her tariff is unable to produce articles of such good sailing, and he believed they would have a greater ; reeLies, hut got no relief until I tookve inreaun(y),s so-called Light- quality at prices which can compete with the imports success this year than they bad ever had. (Hear, ' fling Cough Cure, and from its use very soon I was a plus the duty. That is why when an American comes hear.)-.-On the proposition of Mr. aHolbrook,tti seconded fmarestqdzael bweettraawda saralsettuo gslueeja3bautant igmhyt, iiianudasneohwal i Straw, the Chairman, he . ecre k y . d to England he rigs himself out in all the Free Trade y • .thanked duties. Many of my friends, to whom I have recom- I , assistant secretary, (Ur. T. Ilorabin) were mended your wonderful remedy, have derived exerraeus goods he can lay his hands on. for their services, benefit from its use, '

Balance £85,000,000

; ...raper y, Mr. T. J. Lee ; groceries, Mr. William Monks ; brushes, Mr. George RzcJiffe; flour, Messrs. Carter and Son ; bread, Mr. J. E. Hannan ; meat, Mr. H. Singleton ; coal and slack, Messrs. J. Pendlebury and Co. ; tailor's goods, Mr. James Critchley.

: dra)

Carr Its Clothing .. • Cloths •• • • • • • • • Dress Goods Total above and other Woollen Goods

23,416,534

===== 0002601_19080321_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mil

===== 0002601_19080321_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

WARRINGTON.

Ordination. On Sunday Mr. Joseph Hignett Barnes, 8.A., of Wadhant College, Oxford, was ordained deacon by the Bishop of Liverpool and licensed to St. Paul's

Warrington. Penny Popular Concerts. Another highly successful concert was held in Bold- street Wesleyan School-room on Saturday evening, a large audience attending. The chair was occillted by the Rev. T. Miller. Songs were given with effect by the Misses Davenport and Roscoe, and Messrs. 'P. Vernon, C. Sinclair and A. Pennington. A duet by Messrs. Vernon and Sinclair was well received. The humorous part of the prcv.arnine was well sustained by Mr. W. Milne. Accident to a Warrington Man. On Monday afternoon, Richard Thomas, aged 38, who resides at 10, Mason-street, Warrington, was admitted to the Victoria Infirmary, Northwich, suffering from severe bruises and shock. He was driving three horses attached to :slurry along the high road at Plunabley, and was seated on the vehicle,when an unexpected jolt threw him off. According to his I statement the lurry passed over one of his leg, but strange to say it escaped fracture. He was attended Iby Dr. Terry. " Should Women Have Votes P" At the weekly meeting of the Wycliffe Young People's i I Society held on Monday evening under the presidency of Mr. C. Eccles, a short pa oer,entitled "Should women have votes ?" was read by Miss Corney, who took the affirmative, and was supported by Miss Bouchier. A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was .held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the Mr. T. F. Wallington, supported by Mr. Charles Fxrreasseidnetn.cyßoe‘f.. Mrr.RX.V.MaHtottavhtsonife,TheNrie Ryan, Mrs. Hawthorn, took the negative view. A lively discussion followed,in which male and female members took part. Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Miss BrOadbent, Dr.YM:irirays. A. vote was taken on the subject, and was declared by iMessrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Evans, W. Gill, W. C. Brooks, the chairman to have bean carried in favour of the ,M. W. Seton, A. Brooks, W. Flannagan, R. Bolton, G. ladies. ' Mather, R. Forshaw, E. L. Bent, J. Backhouse, .T. d Billinge, T. Ritchie, J. Cook, J. C. Sutton 1 Six GUINEAS will purchase a fully guarritee (clerk), J. F. Awbery (water), and A. Wright 1 PREMIER CYCLE. Inspection invited.—J. S. GAR- (superintendent of the Cottage Homes). AND, 51,53, & 55 Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. ROMAN CATHOLIC INSTRUCTOR. " The Author and the Printer." At a meeting of the House Cornmitte the resignation An interesting lecture on this subject was delivered !of Father Crotty as Roman Catholic instructor was ' before the members of the Warrington Society on accepted and it was resolved to recommend Father IVsitolsherfogrngtuhme appointment, at a commencing salary of Monday eventng by Mr. T. E. Gibson. At the outset ' Mr. Oswald Lofthouse presided, and later the chair' The minutes *were approved. was occupied by Dr. Naden. Mr. Gibson referred to THE VAGRANCY PROBLEM. some of the technicalities of printing and book-binding: The CLERK said there had been a considerable number and illustrated the various sections of his address by of meetings of the inter-county Committee on Vagrancy samples of the articles as they came under review. He and the point now to be submitted to Boards of advocated the production of a fall histm v t ille p of Warring- , Cuardians r picase— nasotthbiwr ther they would be agreeable to ng themselves further—of the ton, dealing with its biographies, antiquities, corn- ' combination of Unions for the purpose of dealing with meree, and manufactures. The discussion which the subject. ensued was taken part in by Mr. F. R. Roberts, Mr. E. Mr. J. BILLINGS, who has attended the meetings of J. Hall, Mr. John Fairhurst, and Mr. Oswald Loft- i the committee, said it wra desired to forth a combine- house, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. : tion of the whole of Unions in South West Lancashire, Gibson for bis,address. I part of Cumberland, and Cheshire upon the principle that the flnel acceptance of the scheme would come Good Templary. later on when they had decided where the homes or The monthly meeting of the No. I Convention colonies should be and as to the probable expense to be in : incurred. The Lancashire Conference of 1905 recog- (S.W. Lancashire District) was held on Saturday the Good Templar Hall, Hindley. Bro. F. Merlin, I nized that the present system of dealing with tramps OCT., Warrington, presided over a good attendance gsiotm e Unfortunately extant fostering goe vagrancy instead 9f of reprerentatives from I sigh, Widnes, Warrington, l' wreadsu cti% ; South West Lancashire had made prTegisitonn for tramps pins St. Helen's, Platt Bridge and Earlestow a. Bro. J. W. and had gone to considerable expense and therefore Roberts C. secretary, Wariington, in his monthly they did not feel inclined to enter the combine at report, showed that the lodges in the area were in a 'present. He moved a resolution approving of the fairly satisfactory condition and were actively engaged principle of combination. aJgonr. ,tinitvtacondled.. As one who took part several in progressive work. The reports from the various ' lodges were generally progressive and encouraging. years ago ygested, he felt cenrefidinenitnagaatagen toinrnethweaslinr? esigr- After tea a public meeting was held which was well- combined action. Lancashire led the way in apgreat attended, when addresses were delivered on the many things and he thought she snight lead the way in Licensing Bill by Bros. Rev. J. Hewett (Hindley), D. an important social reform which would not involve Downe (Liverporl), Hill (Wigan), and Merlin (War- , increased but probably decreased expenditure. The CHAIRMAN : Now that we are all becoming rington). An ex- D'ent programme of music was given. ' , Socialists is it any use going any further with it ? Cairo-street Sunday School Band of Hope. ' (Laughter.) However, I will accept Mr. Billinge's The members of this organization gave a successful resolution. 1 concert in the schoolroom on Monday evening. Mrs. The resolution was carried. 1 Dodds (the president of the Union) presided: The I The CLERK aae ,LERK submittedTii his statement in upon the estimates pastor (the Rev. C. Harvey-Cook) put forth the aims for the half year ending Mich: Imenas, 1908. The total of the Band of Hope. An excellent musical pr t • amount required from the rates was £12,445 and he gramme was gone through. I"astsr Colley treated the advised the levying of a rate of 7d. in the £, which was audience to a good rendition of the pianoforte solo as low as the requirements would allow. " springtime. " The dialogues "Mrs. Pert and her ' The Cu AIRMAN moved "That the estimates as pre- visitors" and "The Salvage Man " were given. Mr. pared and submitted to the Board by the clerk be approved, and calls made upon the overseers of the res- pective Union townships at the rate of sevenpence in reading "our Sail', a chap." Mr Eton contributed a the £ upon rateable values." couple of banjo solos. Songs were gi /en by Miss 'the Bev. T. Matthews seconded and it was agreed to. Ashworth, Master Mather and Master Colley and RESIGNATION OP THE CLERK AND ASSISTANT CLERK. recitations by Hiss Standish and Mr. Spruce. Several The special committee appointed re the Clerk's violin solos were contributed by Master Bat2s. The Department reported as follows :—" The Committee last item on the programme was a reproduction of report that they have held two meetings. After care- ful consideration of the circumstances and conference 1" Aladdin," kindly given by Miss Dorothy Monks and 1 with the Clerk , who has intimated his desire to resign ' the members of the Cairo-street Girls' Club. ,at the end of the June Quarter, it is unanimously 'COAGULINE,"KLINK,"TENASITINE.'--Cements agreed to recommend that the resignation of the ofr broken and other articles.—Advt. 'Assistant Clerk he accepted as from Lady-day, and that of the Clerk as from the end of the June Quarter, and Finest DA.NISII BUTTER, is. 2d. lb. at ASH L i E Y'S.— tiv t that n each case the Superannuation allowance in The Beautiful Warrington Society. , accordance with the provisions of the Poor Law Officer's I In connection with the work of the above society, a Superannuation Act 1896, be allowed, and that this Com- mittee be authorised to take such action as may be lecture was given the other evening in Christ Church deemed necessary to fill the vacancies caused by the Schools by Mr. W. H. Woodcock on "Small Gardens." Irespective resignations." The Mayor presided and referred in eulogisec terms , The CHAIRMAN moved the d t. a op ion of the report. to the work of the society which, he said, he hoped 1 Mr. MATHER. seconded and the report was psssed would be encouraged in every possible way. The without comment. lecturer was in a happy mood in the handling of his I CONTRACTS. subject " Small Gardens," and it was very pleasing to I The following contracts were sanctioned : learn how, at a very sine" cost, our small front spaces ' Workhouse : Winding clocks, Mr. G. D. Southerden; could be made to look beautiful and attractive. The growiriT, Messrs. E. Richardson and Son ; meat, Mr. lecturer dealt with the questions of how to Plant, I,SIOn ; negnaeltoann j awlainn:srkliatiadaras.prrintms, Ntlessrns,i rhawsvoentoassnd when to plant, and the attention and care which oug,lit drapery, Mr. T. J. Lee ; tailor's Crompton and Mr. Jame; to be bestowed upon the various plants. The lecture Critchley ; male officers' uniforms, Mr. E. A. Jones ; was brim-fail of interest, and hopes were expre.sed brushes, Mr. George Ratcliffe ; boots and shoes, Public that Mr. Woodcock might again visit the Latchford Benefit Boot Co. ; leather, Mr. F. Morley ; coffins, Mr. Ward. On the motion Of Mr. Fuller, seconded by Mr. ,A. E. Mason ; clogs, Mr. W. Jones. Wilki a hearty -ote of thanks "- Cottage Homes : Leather, Mr. F. Mode- - -

===== 0002601_19080321_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ACUTE INDIGESTION causes a choking sensation. A Church Worker's gratitude to DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

The forms which that dread fiend indigestion assumes are many, and the choking sensation which troubled Miss Polly Hunter, of Green Lane Cottages, Tyne Dock, South Shields, undoubtedly arose from an acid and upset condition of stomach and digestive organs, and was successfully ctved by Dr. Cassell's Tablets. Miss Hunter writ-s :—" I have always been very interested in church work, which I love dearly, and t was lately troubled very much with a choking sensation in my throat which prevented me joining in the singing at the church, this being a great regret to rue. I took many medicines all to no avail, and at last I tried Dr. Cassell's Tablets. I got a sample and found that even those few did me good, and now lam quite cured, and have had no return of my trouble. I cannot praise your tablets too highly." Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be got at any chemists for 101:d. a box, and are a perfect remedy for all nerve and stomach troubles.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

Resignation of Clerk and Assistant

Clerk.

BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA for Efzht Years. Cure i by VENO'S LIOHTNINO COUGH CURE.

irY DEAR CHILDREN, I must say some of you have very curious ideas as to my appearance. You remember two or three weeks since I announced a competition for the best sketch of myself. Well, the sketches to hand are very funny. Some are of quite old men, with long grey beards and hair, and others are quite young-looking; now, the question is, which am It I want a lot more sketches sent in during the next week or two—it is giving Inc great amusement going through them.

In the efforts of sending my photograph don't forget the toys for the poor little children. I must thank William Farrar for quite a box full of toys and books. Very many thanks, indeed. I hope many more will be to hand by next week. With love, UNCLE NED.

HE PHILOSOPHICAL EARWIG. The earwig sat down on a broad lettuce leaf.t A philosopher grave was he— And the point that he pcndered (and pondered with grief) , Was the Things that Ought Never to Be. "Oh, I can't understand the ways of the world," Was the soul of his constant complaint, "For what is the use of a brush to a Fox, When he's never been taught how to paint? And what is the sense of a pen for a Pig, When he can't write a line, I declare? And what is the good of a comb to a Cock, When he never has grown any hair? "And why should the Stairs have a foot, and no leg?

(I really can't get over that!) And why shouldn't the Things that Come under one Head In cold weather put on a hat? Why is it the Cricket will never play ball, And the Grasshopper don't brty‘ his hops? And why does the Axe never ask to have bread.

Or poiatoes along with its chops? And why mayn't the Dog sail the sea in his bark? Or the Kangaroo publish his tail? ,And if she can never put on her new kids, ' What do they the poor Goat avail? Why doesn't the Elephant lock up his trunk! Or the Sun build a house with its beams? . _ _ _ _

And why does the Door never eat up its jamb? So wasteful to keep it it seems! And why does the Turkey that's dead never smile, '

When a Merry Thought's sill in its breast? And why—" He stopped short: he'd been seized by a hen, And nobody e'er heard the rest! NELLIE HORNE.

TOY COMPETITION. Dear Uncle Ned,—l think this is ,a very nice competition, and I hope the poor cihildren will enjoy the toys that the "Children's Corner" is sending in. I am sending a 'few toys, also several story books, that I have finished with; they are very good stories. Your loving nephew' WILLIAM R. Femur'.

4,• .. :.... • ...,:i.......,,,,...if : . Z:.:A 5,`..: .4.4 . ...,. .. ....,....,:. t•• , .e . • ..•,,- ~. ; ": .1. : •:.:... `,..,:, '''''F'.i'.: . '''' ".':i.,.?......"'''.:::i."Y.{....::"?....- V:::".W.W.' '' ' ....':4:!..01fe4F,....!;ii17, ::::: S. i'i.,...ZPAF?.*:....5!.... .....4..5;:....,.,:., .0: .. ...,,.. ~ „,...,..,::::„.,4:::,- .... :? ~,, •, , , ..•...., : i.,.. ~..,..,..: ~:..,.• ~,,,,,..4.;. • . i.: ..„....,... ..,, 0,-,,,i,...r. ..:?%, ..--z•-• ::,.. - .4.. ...f. ....).: .''. :5 4 : ::. - . ';f :......: :iii.g:•;•.:. . . .:::: .. . . ... ij./ . ..:.' - .'.; .: . ...?:.::".-.....1 ...:. ' `, - :: : :!?.',., 'd 44:;.' . ..... •...,.... ... ..• •• •• ••• ''''' . ....... i: -7 : .!.: . .44. 4-1:1't 1 . , • 7...;:.i1i,' : ; ...t.,... : !rd.:s ' . .. .. . 11. r 1 . ..; 4.; ;I.:: ::: :... ::: i:::it• : . 1:: ...;'. 4.111;';:::' ..,' , ' ,:i,g7.13.....: .." , :;::::.: : ',; . ..:.- ill ....:1ft....t.,'" "Mt. : 4 .I.' 1. f ..;:...(. 4. ..;.5.:. UNcoLe •-, _ . •-, NED: ~ /10\N,--1,1„(.> ‘‘, '' • i ) . '._ 1 ~,,,it:.,. ,t-- • . ,1-:.'.:•,.,... ..,A,- ":* ii: - y. liteitia... Ai ,L .. -5.:•:. '.....:.. ~sl, .. ' ......- -- ',.. - . '-' --iszo-ac- - .;.i.. ' s, 4 ' -14..i-'= •:" &.:?;.:f...--V'.- " , T'"

===== 0002601_19080321_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WELCOME TO

Harold Smallman, Fred Sibsßruen, S. Richards, Sidney Niblett, Ruth Ashworth, Mary Ellen Hanna, Annie Leeming, Harry Halstead, Florrie Mercer, Harold Cronkshaw, James Har- greaves, Lizzie Metcalfe, Hilda Moyes, Esther Emma Riley, Willie Mead, David Trippier, Emma Morton, Alice Ann Ormerod, John Barnes, Nellie Crook, Olive Marsden, Lilian Jones, Sarah Haworth, Edith Greenwood, Ernest Hadcroft.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
_+___

Mirrors have been sent to Nellie Horne, L. Andrews, Gladys Knight, Ethel Holt, Maud Mobley.

SNOW IN TOWN. Nothing is quite so quiet and clean As snow that falls in the-night; And isn't it jolly to jump from bed And, find the whole world white? It lies on the arm of the lamp-post, ' Where the lighter's ladder goes; And the policeman under it beats his arm And stamps—to feel his toes. No sound there is in the snowy road From the horses' .cautious feet; And all is hushed but the pottman's knocks, Rat-tatting down the street.' Till the men come with the shovels, To clear the snow away; What a pity it is that when it falls The people won't let it stay ELSLE A. NIBLETT.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVEL USE FOR BABY.

Parent: "For goodness sake children, come and help me to hunt for baby; he is not in •the room wheie I left him."

Eldest Girl: "Oh, he's all right, Mamma I We are having a beautiful time, playing the finding of Moses with him. Just come and see how lovely he looks in his basket, floating on the river!" LILIAN ANDREWS.

Dear Uncle Ned,—My greatest desire is to become one of your members. I look at the "Children's Corner" every week, and always find it very interesting. In a few weeks' time I mean to send you a piece of poetry or a story. I am in the seventh standard, and am 12 years of age. Hoping you will accept me, and send me a small pocket mirror.

LEONARD HARRISON.

FIVE LITTLE BROTHERS.

Five little brothers set out together • To journey the livelong day; In a curious carriage 141 made of leather, They hurried away, away! One big brother and three quite small, And one wee fellow, no size at all. The carriage was dark and none too roomy, And they could not move about; The five little brothers grew very gloomy, And the wee one began to pout. Till the biggest one whispered: "What do you says Let's leave the carriage and run away." So out they scampered, the five together, And off and away they sped. Whdn somebody found that leather carriage, Oh, how she did shake her head; 'Twas her little boy's shoe, as every one knows, And the five little brothers were five little toes., ETHEL HOLT.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
NICE GIRLS I

Two fair young girls sat in a dainty boudoir gazing into each other's eyes. "We are such good friends, Marcia," said one, "that we can afford to say to each other just what we think. Novift I-have such a splendid scheme. Suppose we start out to-day by telling each other the exact truth, without regard to any question of politeness."

"How perfectly lovely, Lobelia," cooed the younger girl of the two. "Let's begin right away. What do you think of me?" "I think," said Marcia, "that you are almost as pretty as you think you are, and when you don't try to be you are the most charming girl In the world."

"How awfully good of you," rejoined the other; "and do you know that when you came in I was thinking that you looked just like one of those big feather dusters which had taken a notion to walk. Only your feet are so very large that the illustration was not, quite perfect." Two dishevelled young women were taken out of that aristocratic mansion five minutes later and hurried in an ambulance to the nearest hospitaL

The merits of a new church organ were thus described: "The swell died away in a delicious suffocation, like one singing a sweet song under the bed-clothes."

Miss Prion (quoting): "Wise men make proverbs, and fools repeat them." Miss Smart (musingly): "Yes; I wonder what wise man made the one you ilia repeated."

.ilousekeeper: "You don't look as if you had washed yourself for a month." Tramp: "Please, mum, th' doctors say th' proper time to bath is is two hours after a meal, Ind I haven't had anything you call a meal in '.3ls weeks."

"tr, svi,_riLK,#ettocoitzt -,47l,ches,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT A LADY YET.

Here is a pretty story of our Queen, which happened when she was Princess of Wales. The Princess and the Royal children were coming off the yacht when one of the little Princesees slipped on a plank. "Have a care, little lady I" said one of the sailors who was standing by. The child drew herself up, and said, haughtily, "I'm not a lady; I'm a Princess!" The Princess of Wales heard this not very polite speech of her little daughter's, and with her usual good taste, elle quickly said: " Tell the good sailor, dear, that you are not a :ady yet, but hope to be one by and by."

RUTH' ASHWORTII.

HOW THE 'FI:OWEIIi3 GROW. First the seed so tiny. Hidden from the sight; Then two pretty leaflets Struggling towards the light. Soon the bud appearing Turns into a flower, Kissed by golden sunshine, Washed by silver shower. Growing sweeter, sweeter, Every happy hour; Kissed by golden sunshine, Washed by silver shower. ETHEL HOLT.

An Englishman was once visiting,Paris, and after visiting all the places of interest, he grew exceedingly hungry. He entered a café, and tried to make the French waiter understand that he wanted beef steak and mushrooms lor his dinner. The beef steak was trantllated into French, but the visitor was at a loss what to say for mushrooms. Suddenly a bright idea struck him, and, taking out his notebook and pencil, he drew several ogjects something like mushrooms—so he thought. The tvaiter.gazed at them in absolute amazement for a rr4nute or so; then it dawned on him; he went into thb hall, and he beamed 'upon the astonished Englishman as he handed him a short, thick umbrella. S. RICHARDS.

Uncle Eb, as we used to call him, anion., lotls of gobd qualities, had one failing. He did' love good liquor; but such was the state of credit that no one would trust him. He, therefore, one day resorted to a trick to answer the great desire of his appetite. He took two case bottles, piit a quart of water in one of them, then put p. bottle in each pocket, and started for the public-house. take a quart of your gin,"' said Uncle Eb, as he placed the empty bottle on the counter. The gin was put up, and the bottle was replaced in his pocket, when Uncle Eb pulled from his purse khat at a distance might seeiff like a two-shilling piece. "This is nothing but tin, Uncle Eb," said the trader. "'Eh, now it's a two-shilling ,piece," said Uncle Eb. "It's tin," said the trader; "I shan't take it." "It's all I've got." :',Very well, you can't have the gin." Uncle Eb, with- out much demurring, pulled from his pocket the quart of water. The trader took it, poured it into the gin-barrel, and off went Uncle Eb. chuckling.

An artist was showing his neighbour, a nursery gardener, round his studio. "How do you like this picture of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden?" "Very much; but—" "Well, what?" "You have placed in Eve's hand a variety of apple which hais been produced only during the last twenty years."

"You don't seem to have much to do now, dear," said Dr. Kallowrnell's• wife to her husband. "I haven't. People are disgustingly well)' "Then I'll just give a children's party for about forty or fifty youngsters."

FOOT3ALLS Given away weekly. :Every competitor receives somethinC

===== 0002601_19080321_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

MARCH,

FRO 51 AR RIN GI UN Acton 10 ro,,e-3 14, 7 40, 8 10,10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15. 2 55, IS 35, 5 6, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a efedeesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 9 58, 11 42, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 430, a 6 28,7 20, 8 37, 98 p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. al 54, 4 39, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 8 58, 95, 10 28, 11 30 a.m 12 30, 1 40, 1 58, 2 30, 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 5 8, 6 4. 757, 85, 10 18, 11 35, 11 57, p.m. Sundays-8 42, a.m. 745, 11 36 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23, 9 19, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 525, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30,230,3 19,4 45,5 25, 6 4,8 5, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.rn. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 1230, 230, 3 19, 44 5, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 3 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25,1 15,2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 746, 8 35, 843 a.m. 10,6 0, 7 57, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 41 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 , 5 15, 6 20, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 28 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 5 25, 6 4,7 54,8 10 20, 11 35 pau.Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 5 6, 6 4, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 8 44 a.m. 7.45 p.m. • Irlam. Cadishead-7 0, 7 50,8 8,93 a.m. 2 2,4 58 T 10,9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. • 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25. n 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 5 35,7 5, 7 51, 8 5, 8 50, 9 5, 9 50, 10 35, 10 50, 11 50 am. 120, 1250, 110, lel 13, 1 50. 2 17. 2 50,3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 4 5, 4 10, 4 50, 5 2, 5 50, 6 2, 7 5, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 940, 10 15, 1040, 610 42, bll 15, 11 39, 11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, 4undays 4 40. 5 35, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 46, 6 22, 7051 28,9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 100, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 20, 78, 740, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, ell 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. °Saturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 18, 60,fa 0, 18 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 IT, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35' 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 930, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,611 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, bill, 85, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 1219, 115, 241, 245, 331, 3 50, 4 26, 515, 153, 633, 7 20, 86, 922, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56, 7 55 a.m."5 15, 6 0, 757, p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55 9 15, 9 55, 610 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 02 a.m 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 718, 855, 9 15-, 9 25, 105 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 1020, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 255, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,64 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 10. 10 40. 10 55 11 55, a.m. 12 18, 12 25, 1 15,1 50, 2 45, 3 31.3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56,7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35 5 15, 60, T 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 241, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. kuncorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45, 109, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320,347,515, 617 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 8 2,9 5, 10 0, 11 10 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 13, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10.5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, b 100, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey 13r1dges-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. _ _ _

2 40, 8 0 p.m. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 9.36, 11.2, a.m. 1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 2, 136.20, 6 30, 7.40, SO, 9.10, 10.40, 13.10 a• Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. St.Helens (L.& N.-W.)-7.11, 8.25,9 19,10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 740, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.3 g, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 10.8, p.m. a Saturdays only. ' Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, : ean. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan ( L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11, 8 35. 9 58, 1055, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 350, 439, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 5,6 0, 10 B p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 27,8 23, 945, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 8 0 p.m. Sundays ;,.., 95 a.m. 2 40, 80 p.m.

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 41,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 30, a 3 0,3 55, 4 40,7 210 20,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 20, 11 10,12 45,a.m.al 30,3 8,5 5,6 48,815,8 30,b9 10, 9 40, 10 5, p.m. sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 450, 8 50, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. o Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 28 5 20, 7 0, 845, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37, 5 8, 7 30 p.m. Cbester-2 25, b 4 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 3 0,3 50, 4 10, 5 15, 5 23, 6 30, 7 25, 8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25, 420,6 40, 7 15 a.m. 6 55 p.m. b Mondays exoepted. aMondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-6 30, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 20, 35,4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 96, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49,6 2,7 11,8 43 P.q. Sundays 726 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47', 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 13, 8 47, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 114, 23, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 43, 88, 9 IP, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 Lm. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 58, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 53, 90, 10 1, 11 1, a.m. 231, 49, 44,6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 44,8 26, 10 12,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 530, 7 13, 9 21, 1049. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 957,10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 4,4 27 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sundal 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlarn and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 36, 9 53, a.m. 1 7,454,6 54, 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921,11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 840. 9 22, 10 2. 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45,2 13. 30, 338, 4 26, 1)539. 67, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays 9xoepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-510, 630, 730, 7 40,8 15, 8 30, S 35, 9 20, 930, 933, 945, 1030, 11 5, 11 30,11 33 11 50 a.m. 12 39, 1248, 13, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40. 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 35, 730, 8 30, 836, 8 40, 930, blO 50, 11 0, 1155 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Satuidays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 45, 11 15 ' a.m. 230,3 20.3 55, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a2 35,5 50,6 10, 7 50, 8 5, 8 35,9 5, 9 30, 9 55,11 0 it.Tll. 1225, 1 20, 245, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 830, 90, 110 5, 10 45, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10, 6 30,7 15,1045 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37 25, 2 50, 330, 4 18,1)531, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Satordaysexcepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25,7 15 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 19 5, 10 30, 10 35, Il 30'.m. 12 30, 12 50, 7 10, 730, 8 30, 835, 9 20, 10 20, alo 55, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only Sundays 830, 95, 930, 10 30 a.m. 1 40. 2 0.2 5, 60, 6 35, S 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, ▪ 'in. 1280, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a5O, 5 20, 65, 6 55, I 5, 110, p.m. Sundays 730. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. ▪ Saturdlys exLepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 1232, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 117 3 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 pm, a Wednes- gays and Saturdays only. ~,,Nowton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, n 2, 10 22 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5. al2B, 144, 37, • 55, 5'38, 5 49, 6 27,7 30, 85, 931, 10 3, 11 4, .1" 51 P.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 59, 10 0 a.m. 340, 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Pacloato-0 27, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, (L 2 15,5 5, 6 18,7 5.9 6, 10 25. 11 32 p.m. Sundays 4VP 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14, p.m. 8 ;nig:corn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 24, 14, . 4 40. 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. 36' 1 40,2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26, 5 36, 6 23, 7 25, 8 28,

I.

I

I

. „.. .

===== 0002601_19080321_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A FREE SAMPLE

DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS.

Cut out this paragraph and enclose a penny stamp to cover return postage, and a free sample of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills will I.e sent to any address for a trial. Once tried ler the little ills of life these Pills meet with instailt favour. For people who eat too much and drink too much and get their systems out of order they are unexcelled. For female ailments they are invaluable. They get at the cause as no other remedy does, cleansing the system, purifying the blood, and aiding the digestion and assimilatio:i of the food.

For sale by all Chemists and Stores, price 1/li per bottle, or 6 bottles for 6/6, or will be sent b - mail post-paid by the Proprietors, Th..: W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. A free sample will be forwarded on receipt of Id. stamp.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES

Northern Rugby Union. The following fixtures have been arranged for the season :

For. Agst.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Sept. 7 Leigh „ 14 Rochdale Hornets away 10 5 „ 21 Runcorn home 14 0 ~ 28 St. Helens Oct. 5 Oldham „ 12 Runcorn (L.C.) away 15 2 „ 19 Widnes „ 26 Leigh L.C.(2nd rd ) away 11 13 „ 28 Barrow Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 Ebbw Vale away 16 0 „ 16 Rochdale „ 23 Broughton away 3 8 Dec. 7 Swinton home 33 0 14 Oldham „ 21 New Zealand home $ 7 „ 25 Leigh „ 26 Widnes Dec. 28 Hull 1908. Jan. 1 Runcorn ,s 3 5 ...

_ „ 11 Barrow „ 18 Swinton „ 25 Broughton home 5 2 Feb. 1 Leeds „ 3 Salford „ 8 Bradford away 4 12 15 Wigan away 5 11

. . ~ 22 Wigan home 14 3 „ 29 Halfax ND. Cup home 11 7 Mar. 3 Bradford home 25 4 „ 7 Hull ...... ... . . ..... ~14 Runcorn N.U.Cup away 6 2 „ 21 Ebbw Vale „ 28 April 4 St. Helens home

===== 0002601_19080321_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
1907.

RUNCORN.

For Agst.

---..- Sept. 7 Halifax „ 14 Leigh „ 21 Warrington „ 28 Wigan home 0 9 Oct. 5 Swinton _ _ . - _

........ „, ._, .. , _ „ 12 Warrington (LC) home 2 15 „ 19 St. Helens away 17 11 Nov. 2 Oldham „ 9 Merthyr home 19 0 „ 16 Merthyr „ 23 Widnes „ 27 New Zealand home 9 0 „ 14 Widnes „ 21 Barrow „ 25 St. Helens home 19 0 , 26 28 Huddersfield-- home 27 9 1908. Jan. 1 Warrington „ 4 Rochdale away 6 8 „ 18 Wigan away 9 8 ~ 25 Hull . home 8 3 Feb. 1 Salford „ 8 Huedersfleld „ 15 Barrow „ 22 Leigh „ 29 KeighleyN.U.Cup home 12 5 Mar. 3 Halifax „ 7 Swinton home 6 5 „ 14 WarringtonN.U.Cup home 2 6 „ 21 Broughton „ 28 Oldham

WIDNES. , 1907. For. Agst. , Sept. 7 Barrow „ 14 Batley ~ 21 Swinton home 21 12 , 28 Leigh Oct. 5 St. Helens home 17 5 „ 12 Batley away 5 12 „ 16 New Zealand „ 19 Warrington „ 26 Broughton L. C (2nd ronud) home 0 14 Nov. 2 Wigan home 5 5 , 9 Dewsbury ~ 16 Swinton „ 23 Runcorn home 5 11 Dec. 7 Leigh home 6 11 „ 14 Runcorn away 0 12 „ 21 Merthyr away 0 20 „ 25 York „ 26 Warrington • 9 , 28 York 1908. Jan. 11 Oldham „ 18 Salford „ 25 Swinton Feb. 1 St. Helens away 5 5 „ 8 Wigan ' away 6 22 ,* 15 Dewsbury home 6 6 „ 39 Salford N.U.Cup away 2 15 Mar. 7 York „ 14 Rochdale Hornets away 0 3

The New School at Stockton Heath. At a meeting of the Cheshire County Education Committee on Monday, the Plans and Building Sub- committee recommended that the amended plans for the new Council School at Stockton Heath, showing provision for instruction in laundry work, be approvecl and sent to the Board of Education, and that the Runcorn Rural Administrative Sub-committee be informed that the Committee regretted that they could not approve of that resolution as to the provision for such instruction not being desirable.—This was adopted.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGHS & COLDS.

Should be kept always handy in every home to cure Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, and other Throat and Chest Troubles.

Spring's wet and windy days are very trying to the weak-chested, and Influenza has shaken many who were once robust.

Take Peps and defy coughs. colds, and all throat and chest troubles. Peps contain no drowsy drugs, bt a potent volatile medicine which is breathed straight into the lungs as the handy tablets dissolve on the tongue.

01 all chemists. Refuse worth les, su'.sf itu! es.

. . . , . . . • - . ---- ----•'----.4 r -_ 1 - ---.., ...;.,,,- ..,..... ?",..., 0-71 6b-'----.----- - 4 .

===== 0002601_19080321_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
1907.

A SUBTERRANEAN LAKE OF FIRE.

The most remarkable feature of the geology of Nevada is the evidence of volcanic ac- tivity everywhere visible. Often steaming springs and fumaroles are met with, shewing, according to a writer in the Engineering Magazine, that volcanic activities are still in operatiob, and unmistakably indicating that Nevada is still within the historic " Circle of Fire." It is believed that the whole of the State, as well as a large part of the Mojave Desert, in California, is underlain by a single body of molten magma.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RADIUM IN THE EARTH.

Radium, the mysterious and fascinating element,. continues to attract numerous in- vestigators. It is probably the only element which has a journal—Le Radium—entirely devoted to the dissemination of news con- cerning it. In America Professors Eve and Adams have been investigating the rate of the disintegration, and consequent giving out of heat, of radium in the earth. They con- clude that this will be the same at depths of from forty to fifty miles as at the surface. This question of the existence of radium in the earth and the heat evolved by its spon- taneous decomposition has assumed consider- able importance in the problem of the age of the earth.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
RADIUM KEEPS THE EARTH WARM.

Certain considerations as regards the, physics of the earth a 6 a cooling globe led Lord Kelvin to conclude that it could not have been the theatre of geological opera- tions for more than about 100,000,000 years. But if there is any considerable store of radium in the earth, and if this has been continuously radiating heat in time past, it will, the Globe says, have compensated for the secular cooling, and the earth may bca vastly older than the above estimate.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
DISINTEGRATION OF MyTTEM.

Dr. Blanc, writing in Le Radium, supports Rutherford's view that the emanations of radium are due to the breaking up of ite atoms. And this once admitted the sugges- tion arises that other Clements may be break- ing up in a similar way. In fact, it seems probable that all may he doing so. The very remarkable association of certain metals in Nature is conveniently explained on the sup- position that the one has changed into the other by disintegration.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MALLEABLE CAST IRON.

Malleable cast iron consists almost entirely of ferrite and temper carbon. It has a ten- sile strength of from 40,0001 b. to 60,0001 b. per square inch. with an elongation of from 2-1- to 5 per cent., which in special cases may go as high as S per cent., and a reduction of area of 21- to 8 per cent., and may go as high as 12 per cent. A lin. bar on supports 12in. apart should bear a load at the centre of at least 3.5001 b., and be deflected at least lin. before breaking. Thin sections should be capable of being flattened out under a hammer and bent double without cracking.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
EARTHWORMS AND SEEDS.

The dispersal of seeds, and the consequent spread of plants, is largely dependent on animal agency. And in the American. Natu- ralist Mr. Andrews indicates how the earth- worm may assist in this work. The habit of 'these creatures of draqing various Leaves into the mouths of their burrows is well I known. Dativin' in his interesting book on earthworms, pointed out how, in the larger number of cases, they judiciously drag in the I leaf by the narrow end. In America it ap- pears that they use the winged fruits of the silver maple for the purpose. Under these eonditions the seeds sprout and grow, and the spread of the tree is facilitated.

DISSEMINATION OF , FEVER GERMS. • Pasteur has shewn that the same creatures may be the active' agents in the dissemina- tion of fever germs. The microbe of splenic fever was probably the• first bacillus to be definitely identified as the cause of a disease, and it was shewn by the French savant that earthworms may be the active agents in the spread of this disease. The microbes being buried with the bodies Of the animals which have died of the disease are absorbed by the worms along with the earth. They are then brought to the surface in the worm-castings, ready to be absorbed agAin by the cattle. It has been proved experimentally that the germs are thus brought up to the surface by worms.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOSE AS A GERM - FILTER.

The researches of modern science have re- vealed many wonderful things in regard to the matters of everyday life, and particu- larly in regard to the manner of dissemina- tion and prevention of disease. None of these observations is perhaps more striking or of greater practical importance than are those bearing on the prevalence in the dust-laden air of cities and towns of the germs of many of the most serious diseases, such as tuber- culosis, grippe, diphtheria, pneumonia, and others. But it appeays that, as usual, nature has provided suitable defences against the, danger. If the act of treathing is performed nor- mally, through the nose and not the mouth, the inspired air must pass through a

SKILFULLY-DESIGNED FILTERING-MACHINE, which greatly reduces the perils from this source. The simple exterior of the human nose gives no hint of the complication of its inner construction. Its interior is, however, broken up into many devious passages and channels, so arranged that a very large sur- face of mucous membrane is exposed to each breath of incoming air on its way to the larynx and lungs. The mucous membrane is moist and warm, and the air is forced to pass over it in thin layers, so that it is not only charged with 'moisture, but is also warmed to the body heat before it enters the lower air- passages.' - But in addition to these important modifi- cations an opportunity is afforded for all sus- pended dust particles, floating germs, and so forth. to 4be deposited on thee sh clamp sur- faces, from which the natural flow of the se- cretions • promptly washes them to the ex- terior. Bat THIS BENEFICENT ACTION of the nose as a germ-filter can take place only if the inspired air passes through it,. and not the mouth. Through the mouth, on ac- count of its comparatively large size the in- coming air passes with a rush, and imme- diately strikes the tonsils, which - have been shewn to be the most vulnerable portion of the throat, and form veritable portals of entry for germs of many diseases. It is, therefore, a matter of great importance that children be taught early to breathe through the nose; so that dry, unwarmed, dust and germ laden air shall not be taken into the throat and lungs. If this were consistently done, not only more serious ailments, but also ordinary colds, would be much rarer. Children or adults who nersistentiv breathe ' through the mouth, especially when asleep, are usually sufferers from some obstruction of the nasal passages, and urgently require medical care.

filt,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday March 21, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

1 . *Dewsbury t *Bradford Nort'n 1 5 17 St. Helens 0 2 10 *Rocbdale H. I

===== 0002601_19080321_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Still Winning.

The Cup-holders advanced a stage further in the Competition on Saturday when they beat Runcorn at Irwell Lane before a crowd of quite 10,000, some hundreds of whom had rushed the gates and obtained admission without paying. The returns amounted to £261. Unfortunately the weather was wet and dismal all the morning, but during the match there was no rain and the ground was not in had order apart from its natural softness. Both teams turned out as selected, but the match did not start until • (lye minutes to four o'clock owing to the congestion of the Widnes bridges and the delay there of the Warrington train. The teams and officials were :

Runcorn—Harrison, back .; Flanagan, Butterworth, Moran, and Unsworth, three-quarter backs ; Jolley and Watton, half backs ; Walker, Richardson, Padbury, Williams, Macdonold, and Wood, forwards. Warrington—Tilley, back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and Watkin, three-quarter backs ; Brooks and Lloyd, half backs ; Jenkins, Thomas, Shug ars, Belton, A. Boardman, and P. Boardman, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. McCutcheon (Oldham). Touch judges, Messrs. T. Foulkes (St. Helens) and B. Ennion (Wigan). Thomas commenced for Warrington against a slight breeze, and the home lot were soon on the attack. A weak kick in the Warrington quarter resulted in Jolley marking and placing a neat goal two minutes from the start. This early success delighted the local supporters, but the tables were soon turned. Warrington used their for ward strength to great advantage and rushed the Linnets in grand style to their own quarter. Here Lloyd smartly picked up and passing between Brooks and Dickenson to Fish saw the left-winger crash over at the corner though tackled by Flanagan and Harri- son. Thomas failed at goal. but Warrington now had a lead and played like keeping it. Tilley and Taylor both caused anxiety by mulling the ball near the Warrington line, but recovered themselves as the home front rank men rushed up. There was a hot spell in the Warrington quarter and Jolley had another shot at goal which failed. A fine run by Lloyd took play to the other end. Harrison knocked on in fielding a lofty kick, and Dickenson snapped the ball up in fine style. Before he could be tackled he threw wide to Taylor who raced clean through and over the line near the posts. The cheering at this sebond score was loud and long from the huge band of Warrington supporters. Thomas should have added a goal but only hit the upright. Runcorn played up in desperate fashion and Richardson would have scored but for a great tackle by the watch- ful Tilley. Warrington held their own to the interval when the score was Warrington 2 tries, 6 points ; Runcorn one goal, 2 points. After the interval the game was of a lively itiescrip- tion. The Runcorn custodian put in a brilliant return, and following up, got possession, and threw across to Unsworth, who was knocked over the touch-line at the corner flag by Jenkins. Brooks broke away, but was quickly brought down, and Williams got to the War- rington end with a fine dribble. Moran mulled, and almost let Warrington in, Harrison just saving. Flanagan relieved, and the game became most vigorous. The crowd broke through, and stood on the touch-line. Fish had a shot at goal, which fell short, Jolley relieving with a smart run. In the last few minutes Warrington were hard pressed. Just when a score seemed imminent Fish intercepted cleverly and to the Runcorn half, but was brought down, Warrington winning a keenly fought game. Result:—Warrington 2 tries (6 points), Runcorn 1 goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19080321_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
DANGEROUS RUSH.

EXCITING SCFINEN AT WIDNES.

There was an exciting scene, not without danger, at the Runcorn and Widnes transporter bridge prior to the match between Warrington and Runcorn at Runcorn. Thousands of Warrington men and boys made the journey by way of Widnes. The excursion trains reached Widnes close upon each other, and a great crowd made their way to the transporter bridge in order to cross the river to Runcorn.

The bridge officials had evidently not expected any- thing like such a crush, and there were no police on duty. The waiting-rooms and enclosure were packed, and when the travelling car arrived from the Runcorn side a wild dash was made for it. All the windows of the waiting-rooms were smashed and dozens of people mounted the railings and adopted the risky expedient of jumping on board the car before it stopped. When the gates were opened the crash was tremendous and the car was filled in a few seconds. Dozens reached it through the larger gates intended for vehicular traffic, and by doing so avoided payment of the fare, but the officials were powerless to prevent them. The gates closed at last,but with great difficulty and not before many people had been severely crushed. A vendor of " Runcorn team's funeral cards " fell into the cavity between the car and the end of its dock, and for some moments his position was one of extreme danger. When rescued he was found to be only bruised and scratched, but he had lost his stock-in-trade. The gates of the old Runcorn footbridge were also rushed by the crowd and hundreds walked over without paying the toll.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE COURT SEQUEL TO THE MATCH.

No fewer than nine Warrington men were charged before the Mayor at the Widnes Police Court on Monday with having been drunk and either disorderly or incao,ble on Saturday evening. They were Daniel Crooks, 5, Stamford-street ; John Culliton, 2, William- son-square ; John Cartledge, 56, Turner-street ; James Seddon, 19, Villars-street ' • Joseph Rirkham, 30, Orford. lane ; John Starkey, 58, John-street ; William Smith, 37, Mitchell-street ; and Alfred Jackson, 62, Haydock- street.

Superintendent Strickland explained that the men bad been at Runcorn watching the match between Warrington and Runcorn, and the sweets of victory bad evidently proved too much for them. The Mayor : lam sorry that the \Carrington men in the day of their jubilation forgot themselves. • In each case the men were lined 28.6 d. and costs. All the fines were paid. One individual was 10d. short, but a "whip round " among the others obviated the necessity of his visiting Walton. Curiously enough not a single football enthusiast came under the ban of the Runcorn police.

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. PEMBERTON V. WARRINGTON " A."

At Pemberton on Saturday. The first half was full of exciting incidents. Landor opened Warrington's score after fine passing, and Hilton landed a goal for Pemberton. Warrington combined splendidly, Naylor and Forster obtaining tries, Forster improving one. Result: Warrington "A" 11 points; Pemberton, two points.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION.

Goals.

P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts. Buttonwood A .F.O l6 16 0 0 61 12 32 Oughtrington Park l:3 11 1 1 53 14 23 Lytnnt Palatine' Fairfield Rylands Res. _ . . . _

Litellford Warrington St. Pauls l5 3 5 3 15 18 9 Monks Hall lurtonwood Social l2 17 4 14 43 4 *Tyro points deducted. SECOND DIVISION.

Orford A.F.O Warrington St. Elphiu's 14 5 3 6 22 17 16 Warrington St. John's l3 6 4 3 27 21 15 Walkers Ouggbtrington Park Res lO 4 4 2 31 15 70 Warrington St. Mary's l3 5 8 0 14 38 10 Arpley A.F.O ll 2 9 0 23 33 4 Fairfield Reserves 8 0 4 4 9 13 4 Warrington Central Reserves withdrawn. . Matches for March 21st. Burtonwood Social v. Warrington St. Paul's. Fairfield v. Oughtrington Park. Lymni v. Palatine. Latchford v. Monks Ball. Oughtrington Park Reserves v. Fairfield Reserves. . .

Wbirington "Observer" Cup Semi-Final. Re-played Tie.

Sutton Commercial v. Castner-Kelner. On Warring- ton Albions ground, Liverpool-road. r,csults for March 14th. Oughtrington Park 7, Rylands' Lynint 7, Burtonwood Social 0. Palatine 3, Monks Hall 0. Burtonwood A.F.C. 2, Fairfield 0.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Friendly Match. .

A friendly match was played on Arple y cricket ground on Wednesday afternoon between Warrington Bank clerks and Chester Bank clerks,which resulted in a win fox the home team by three goals to one goal

===== 0002601_19080321_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19080321_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere i,

AI EXCELLEIT 2PPORTUAITY 1 of making a stupendous p-Mit ig nresented through the medium of Capt. Bishop Cheale & Co. Capt. Cheats will send for !a,.ter parr ...f jumping season, and throughout the coming flat his wonderful two horse *lab wires, direct from the foretroet quarter of inspired intelligence. Try them ! they will prove of matchless value to those who are desirous of snaking much from little! Every week a winning week! System free! to amass maxlut um profits sent upon Cei pt of order. Two Horse Daily Wires, 5- weekly. Two Horse Daily Wilms, 4/- daily. CAPT. BISHOP CHEALE, 74 FLEET STREET, LONDON, E.C. Telegraphic Address: Poetship,” London.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
boxes, price 111} (56 & 219 (168 pills).

FREE I,7,,ert.".:ptupidy.:l7.l4.".Pate, WueenVictoriA St., London, ..n.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
POINTS lABOUT

aamlzh'

I. Distinctive Brilliancy of Tone. 11. Twice the Life of other 0 kinds. 1 0 shops will ro.oco Columbia deale, 7 The experience of users everywhere confirms

Pot 11.- • Columbia Records fit any talking. machine and make it sound better than it ever did before. Write go, us for latest list. Say cylinder or cl6c. GRAPH-Li phone catalogue sent also on request.

COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH COMPANY, Gen'l. (Dept. 20), 64p 66, OXFORD ST..

RECORDS

• LONDON, W. ,gow. Manthester. Cardiff. MN

Au

( ( \ ------^, -',:". ,art ) las ..-..7

r

%

===== 0002601_19080321_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
„,,,,.,w,,,,...„.5.,-, ..-..v„,..p. . tiiklAL a, A 4:4,1 cl/A%,4e (---at---. c - . ' ' ---.... ~ -144-, /: Gnrn -l• - A, i ..-. / , 0 „ ,c• ft v r-4.1 oat 1 :L. vi/gll,- /i::::.\ F: 41142 ' / ::1!:' .. ”, . e tr),:gliCwy OF p LARGE '' 00/4G10,t, ALL ev 4,._ s_, OM AN D SMALL. GROCERS. a E . BOTTLES.

vas.. r"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19080321_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
O.ARICBBLC9DIKftiId

RING UP

ELEPIIONE No. 355 Y

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESURIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO..

PRINTER.

BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPBERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, tco., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any me or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paver.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, end of the beat workmanship.

PROGRAMMES for Entertainment-, Concerts &c., fn the latest artistic) style.

SPEClALfacilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Si"' RECEIPT, and EUBSCRIPi lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

_ HYMN PAPERS for Sobools, Sermons, services of Song, Festivals, Ica.

CATALOGUES for Public led Private Librarie a Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

pRICK LISPS Printed on card or paper trated, If required.

JOHN WALKER & CO.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS' . - NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

CRICKET FIXTURES., EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL BOtIEDELES AND CATALOGUER. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPRLETS, TIME BOORS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, arra R Tax; PROGRAMMES,' BALANCE SHEETS, RICE ,lITED AT (MORT NOTICE'S.

I

4

===== 0002601_19080321_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS OF ILL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS. Attention Is invited to ,or NKR POUNTS OP TITS and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL Mims OF ?SPAT POSTERS EXTRA LANDS SIZE,

40 x 60 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

II

ill

8

===== 0002601_19080321_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 21, 1908.

rUbLIC v. E3REWEI:K. Licensing Bill Winning all along the line. MEETINGS, LETTERS AND RESOLUTIONS

IN SUPPORT.

TWENTY-FOUR REASONS FOR SUPPORTING THE BILL.

By H. W. Massingham.

I.—BECAUSE, the evils connected with the trade in alcohol are so great that, in the opinion of Mr. Gladstone, they exceed in this countly the combined effects of „war, famine, and pestilence. 2.—BECAUSE, eight leading representatives of the LiqUor Trade, sitting on the Peel Commission, admit that in spite of all the efforts of temperance workers, " a gigantic evil remains to be remedied, and hardly any sacrifice would be too great which would result in a marked diminution of this national degradation." It is such a" marked diminution " of this "gigantic evil " that Mr. Asquith's Bill endeavours to effect. 3.—BECAUSE, these saxie representatives of the Liquor Trade admit that the evils they describe are a " temptation inseparable " from their business, and that changes in the licensing law can diminish them. 4.—BECAUSE, the lessening of these temptations can be secured through the reduction of licences, and to assume the contrary is, in the language of the minority report of the " Peel Commission," to " go against the legislative system of 400 years." " The excessive number of public houses " says this report, is a factor of first importance in the encouragement of drunkenness." This conclusion is practically endorsed by the majority report, signed by representatives of the trade. "It is generally admitted." they say, " that the number of licences in a great many parts of England and \Vales is in excess of the requirements." The Licensing Bill will secure a progressive reduction of these excessive facilities for drinking. S.—BECAUSE, many other provisions of the Bill, which aim at removing temptations to drink, are also approved by representatives of this trade on the Peel Commission. These include the extension of the bona fide traveller's journey from three to six miles, Sunday closing in Wales, and its extension to Mon- .mouthshire, and the curtailment of Sunday hours of opening. 6.—BECAUSE, special dangers to the State arise when a traffic so full of temptations becomes a Monopoly. It interferes in all elections, habitually uses its scores of thousands of public-houses to influence votes, boasts that its trade is its politics, and that each publican can bring five voters to the poll, and thus, in ,Lord Rose- bery's words brings us," perilously near the corruption of our political system." 7. —BECAUSE, the promoters of the traffic have now openly entered the political field, threatening the Church of England with the withdrawal of their financial help, should her leaders support the Licensing Bill, and proposing the boycott of temperance tradesmen, thus bidding fair to fulfil Lord Rosebery's prophecy that "if the State does not soon control the Liquor Traffic, the Liquor traffic will control the State." The most ' tyrannical American trust has never dared to use such language and to adopt such methods. B.—BECAUSE, the Bill deals not with property that belongs to individuals and was created by them, but with values which the action of State created, and has never ()eased to control. " The Justices," say Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Webb (" The History of Liquor Licensing in England," pp. 6, 7 St 8) "had it in their power to create a valuable property,and to give it to whom they chose." This right has existed since 15.52. The exercise I of this power by the magistrates has set up the monopoly value of the annual licence. 9.—BECAUSE, this discretion to giro licences to favoured individuals, has always, under English law, carried with it the right to refuge their renewal, year by year. " Just as the magistrates could create valuable property," say Mr. and Mrs. Webb," freely endow any individual with it, so they could at any Brewster sessions, arbitrarily destroy the property that they had created, and deprive the holder of it without compensation."

lII—BECAUSE, the Bill while it proposes no such "arbitrary" action, gives the brewing trade ample notice that the State means to resume public rights to grant or to withhold licences. For 14 years the Trade remains a favoured monopoly. After that period it will have to pay the fair market price for any trading facilities it gets. Now the State is bound ; it gives notice under the Bill that it means to be free. 11.—BECAUSE, the trade has had ample notice from the law, from statesmen, and from its own legal advisers that the annual licence carried with it no vested interest. Such warning was given it by the Over Harwen decision of 1882 and the decision in Sharp v. Wakefield in 1883. In the year following the former case Mr. Nash, Counsel to the Licensed Victuallers' Association, wrote to the " Morning Advertiser" saying that "there cannot be the smallest doubt that in the strict sense no such thing as a 'vested interest ' exists and that subject to appeal, the magistrates can refuse to renew the licence of the largest, most useful, and best conducted Hotel in England." 12.—BECAUSE, Mr. Balfour himself, by the Act of 1901 destroyed any such vested interest in new licences. In introducing the measure he said : " The condemnation of the present system is that Parliament in its wisdom has created a monopoly, and given the value of that monopoly to individuals. We think one of the great reforms of the Bill is that it will in future prevent the growth of a monopoly value ; which, as you have allowed it to grow up, you cannot, in our opinion, take away without compensation, but which sniely our ancestors would have been wise never to have allowed to grow up, and which we ought to do our best to prevent growing up in future." 13.—BECAUSE, the present Bill only proposes after a reasonable interval to apply to existing licences, the principle of public freedom which Mr. Balfour established for new licences. 14.—BECAUSE, while the Bill is, in principle, fair to the brewing trade, it treats the publican better than Mr. Balfour's Bill treated him. It gives him a right to compensation for loss of profit if the licence is lost during the period of reduction. 111.—BECAUSE, it will stop the power of illegitimate competition known as the" long pull." 16.—BECAUSE it shortens the publican's hours and gives him a chance of a Sunday holiday. V.—BECAUSE it will get rid of the houses known as" tenant-traps," where no publican can earn a fair living. 18.—BECAUSE it saves the workman and his wife and family from drinking chit's, which are simply unlicensed and unregulated public-houses.

_ 19.—BECAUSE it stops the hawking of liquor from vans. 20.—BECAUSE it will keep the child out of the public-house.

21.—BECAUSE it will put an end to the anomaly of the present system of assessing compensation for extinguishing licences under which a tied house gets half as much again, and sometima twice as much, as a free house. 22.—BECAUSE it will make the basis of taxation and compensation the same, and by giving to owners of licensed property a substantial interest in making true declarations of annual value, it will secure a fairer contribution by the trade to rates and taxes. Thus it will reduce the burden of other ratepayers. 23.—BECAUSE it will give the people the same power which a great landlord now has of preventing the increase of the number of licences in a given area. 91—BECAUSE under it the community will ultimately be free to regulate the sale of liquor without regard to any consideration but the welfare of the people.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Bishops Support the Bill.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND

TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. A special meeting of the Central Council of the Church of England Temperance Society was held in the Hoare Memorial Hall of the Church House, West- minster, on Tuesday. A very large meeting was pre- sided over by the Archbishop of Canterbury, and attended, among others, by the Bishops of London, Manchester, Winchester, St. Albans, Birmingham, Landaff, St. Asaph, lVakefleld, Ripon, Kensington, Croydon, Stepney, Islington, Kingston, Barking, Woolwich, Colchester, and Bishops Fisher and Ingham. The following resolutions were passed,the first being proposed by the Bishop of London : "That this Council, recognising that the Licensing Bill now before the House of Commons is in the main framed on the lines advocated for many years by the Church of England Temperance Society, and embodied in bills promoted by the society, gives it in general a hearty support ; that this Council gives its hearty support in particular to the principle of a time limit for com- pensation, but should it be proved that the time limit of fourteen years will impose an unreasonable strain upon the trade, the Council would suggest such exten- sion as may be considered fair and jest : that the Council continues, as heretofore, to support the principle of the ultimate resumption by the State, on fair and equitable terms, of the full monopoly value attaching to licences as such ; that before the expiry of the time-limit licensing commissioners should submit a scheme under which a distinction should be drawn as to the treatment of old licences which survive as dis- tinguished from the new licences, but such a scheme shall not imply any vested interests or debar the State from recovering its power of control ; that the regula- tions as to clubs should be very considerably strengthened ; that restricted hours of sale on Sundays should be applied to the metropolitan area ; and that the question of the exclusion of children from public- houses should he fixed by statute?' A motion going into details in connection with the treatment of clubs was referred to the executive of the society to deal with.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL C.E.T.S. AND THE BILL.

The following resolutions were unanimously passed at the special meeting of the Executive Committee of the Liverpool Diocesan Branch of the Church of England Temperance Society held on Thursday afternoon at the C.E.T.S. Offices B. Commerce Court. " That this Executive Committee gives its hearty support to the main principles of the Licensing Bill now before the House of Commons as being in accord- ance with the proposals which the C.E.T.S. has for many years advocated, while the Committee is prepared to favour a modification of time limit, if such should be found necessary to meet the demands of Justice." "That this Committee,fearing the extension of drinking facilities through excessive granting of licences to clubs, and the danger of monopoly values arising through such action strongly deprecates the granting of club licences except under much more rigorous restric- tions than those provided in the present Licensing Bill."

===== 0002601_19080321_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Free Church Campaign.

At their first meeting, held in London, the newly- elected committee of the National Council of Free Churches appoini.ed a special sub-committee to organise a plan of campaign to he carried on on a large scale all over the country in respect of the Licensing Bill. Meanwhile public meetings have been held by the local Nonconformist Councils, with the object of informing the public on the issues involved. Strong resolutions in favour of the Government measure have been passed by several councils and churches. In connection with the congregational Union of England and Wales, an urgent appeal is being sent out to every Congregational minister in the country in regard to the support of the Government Licensing Bill. The committee are prepared, as may be found practicable, to send deputations to explain the bill and urge that meetings be organised for the exposition of the provisions and the prospective operation of the Bill.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Support from the Wesleyan Quarterly

Meeting.

At the Wesleyan Quarterly meeting held on Thursday a resolution in support of the 13i11 was proposed by Mr. E. J. Guest, J.P.. and carried with only one dissentient. The resolution was as follows :—" That this meeting consisting of representatives of the Wesleyan Methodist Churches of Warrington, Sankey Bridges, Latchford, Lymm, Penketh, Moore, Whitley, Antrobus, Appleton, Padgate, Martinscroft, and Stock- ton Heath, heartily welcomes the Bill brought in by the Government in favour of Temperance Reform. In the Licensing Bill they recognise the courage of the Government in their attempt to deal with a Trade which is of great power, and which is opposed to any interference with the monopoly which has unfortunately been allowed to fall into their hands. Whilst reeliFing that 14 years is a long time in which to recover this monopoly and errs on the side of generosity, they gladly accept the Bill and pledge themselves to do all in their power to aid the Government in passing it through both Houses of Parliament."

In proposing the resolution Mr. GUEST said: I have a sense of duty in proposing the resolution for your unanimous acceptance. The Government have not sought to carry favour by bringing in their Licensing Bill, on the contrary they are by so doing risking their' very existence. They are opposing perhaps the greatest power we have at the present time in the country, a power which is entrenched on evey hand and lies in ambush in every public-house. There is however I trust a greater power in our midst, a power certainly which ought to be greater, and is the power of the Kingdom of Righteousness which the churches are supposed to represent. It is at the bidding of this power that the Government has nerved itself to attempt this great feat. Having forced the hands of the Government we are I bound to give them all the support we can. We should prove ourselves cowards if we fail to hold up their hands. It would be ridiculous if it were not extremely painful to witness the effrontery of this great monopoly in declaring that this Licensing Bill is an attempt at spoliation, confiscation and robbery. In raising such a cry as this they must be bereft of all sense of justice and fair play. In their heart of hearts they must surely realise this is all bunkum. For many years they have been enjoying a monopoly which does not belong to them, and which has made them rich beyond all reason. In their greed of avarice they do not stop to consider bow many victims they have left behind them. Spoliation ! Confiscation ! Robbery ! How many property owners have been spoiled of the value of their property by the presence of Licensed houses ? How much of the hard-earned money of the people has been confiscated in rates and taxes which have been necessary to maintain prisons, workhouses and asylums to mitigate the evils of the Trade ? How many widows and orphans have been robbed of the affection and support of husbands and fathers who have fallen under the stress of temptation offered to them in such abundance? If thereshould be one here who thinks this is a political question and ought not to be intro- duced into the Church I contend that it is a political question which is distinctly ethical and shouhl appeal to all lovers of righteousness. It is an accident that it has been brought in by a Liberal Government. Whether an ethical question of this sort be brought in by a Liberal or a Conservative Government is a matter of' little moment and I rejoice to know that this Bill will have the whole hearted support of multitudes who are bitterly opposed to the Government on almost every other question. It is not desirable that I should take up your time in trying to show in what directions we think the Bill might be improved. Let us recognise the good that is in it and try to realise our obligation to accept it, in all good faith. If we fail in this it may be that we shall never have another Government willing to risk so much again. The resolution was seconded by Mr.J.G. Withinshaw, of Penketh and carried.

"Had the flu 'sir ?"—" Yes, had it quite ohic In its very worst form sir,—pulmonic, My friends, so said, Looked upon me as dead, I'm alive now through ASIITON's LIFF: TONIC." From H. M. ASHTON, 63, Sankey st.,Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, .

===== 0002601_19080321_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Meetings on the Bill

A public meeting in support of the Government Licensing Bill was held in the Mersey-street Mission room on Tuesday last. Councillor F. Stott, J.P., pre- sided. Mr. E. Boreland, U.K.A., said that this Bill was a great and good measure and its greatness and goodness would carry it through. The active opposi- tion of the trade indicated how good a measure it was for never in the history of Licensing Reform had the trade been aroused to such good activity as at the present time. The statements made by the trade were false and misleading. The great reductions as the Trade termed them were not so great as the Trade would have us believe. Since 1901 the reductions had only been 1 per cent, per annum and under the new Bill the reductions amounted to 2 per cent, per annum during the 14 years time limit. The time limit of 11 years was a fair allowance both to the Trade and the temperance party. It would give fair opportunity for a gradual reduction of licences. Tlfe cry for a longer period came from breweries whose property during the passed few years had decreased in value, and who hoped to keep open until the magistrates relieved them of their burden by awarding them compensation above the actual value of their property. The cry of the Trade that more liquor would be consumed even though ; licences were reduced Vas a false one. Brewers did not keep open houses and pay rent, rate, taxes and employees just for fun, but because they were able to sell liquor. Increased facilities meant increased drink- ing. When you reduce the facilities for the consum- tion of liquor you also reduce the Consumption. This Bill was the Englishman's charter of liberty, and every man and woman who had the welfare of the country at heart would do well to support this measure and do all in their power to make it law. A resolution in support of the Bill was moved by Mr. E. BORLAND, seconded by Mr. J. GARNER and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARR HALL DENIONSTRATION.

In addition to the Lord Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. Chavasse) we learn that Hr. Charles Roberts (..I.P. for Lincoln, and one of the first authorities on the time limit and licensing question generally) has also promised to speak at the Parr Hall demonstration in support of the Licensing Bill on Friday, April 10th. Great interest is being shown in the event, and a rousing meeting is anticipated.

FORTHCOMING WARD 'MEETINGS.

The Liberal Association,and the Citizens' Temperance League have both decided to hold tneetings in the different Wards of the town to support the Bill. Licensing ad Bishops

DEMONSTRATION AGAINST THE BILL.

In another column appears an advertisement of a " monstre meeting" to be held in the Parr Hall next Thursday to protest against the Bill.

MR. HOWES TO:ADDRESS JUNIOR LIBERALS. On Monday evening next Mr. Joseph Howes will address the Junior Liberal Association oa the Licensing Bill.

"The writing on the Walls of Warrington." This was the subject of a forceful and impressive sermon by the Rev. R. E. Letheren at Golborne-street Baptist Church on Sunday evening. Announcing as his text St. Mark ii. 27., "The Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath," Mr. Letheren said that as he had been walking about Warrington that week his attention had been arrested by an unusual sight upon its walls. It was a beautitul sentence from the Bible,those very words of Christ that he had taken for his text, and one wondered how in the world that bit of sacred writing had got upon the walls of Warrington. Had the Beautiful Warringtan Society exhausted its possibili- ties of usefulness in the direction of planting trees in the streets and taken up the business of mural decora- tion seeking thus to plant beautiful thoughts in men's minds ? Or had the Religious Tract Society been left a legacy and were they spending it in thus disseminating Scripture truths so that wayfaring men who are not all fools might read it and pass on their way refreshed? Or was some piously disposed person in the gracious philanthropy of his heart seeking by this means to remind his fellow townsmen of the priceless privilege of the day of rest and exhosting them to rescue it from misuse ? But when the dazzling light of a glad surprise that first rivetted his eyes to the text, left them free to look about it, he discovered that it did not stand alone. It was but a sentence on a bill that had for its heading in type many times larger than the text "The public house a public need." Never surely since Christ Himself was crucified between two thieves had this saying of His found itself in such corn- pany ! While,continned the preacher,' protest against the skameless irreverence of such a misuse of words that the world holds sacred, I am more amazed at the insanity of the idea. It is surely the latest illustration of the ancient saying that those whom the gods are about to destroy they first drive mad ! The classical instance of the quotation of Scripture to promote tride interests is " Slaylock." And Shakespeare has for ever branded the baseness of such abuse of it :" Mark you this,Bassanio, the devil can cite Scripture for his purpose. An evil soul producing holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek." The brewing interest must be in a bad way indeed to be willing to walk in Shylock's shoes. This appeal of the public-house to the Bible could but disgust all decent minded people. With regard to the declaration on the poster that Sunday Closing had been a failure the testimony of public men was adduced to prove the very reverse as to Wales, Scotland, Ireland and Australia. Mr. ILetheren then proceeded to examine the drawn- stances that gave occasion to this great saying of Christ. It asserted that the Sabbath was a Divine pro- vision ; it was an appeal for its restoration to its original purpose. When the Trade takes this high ground of protest against the Bill 'insinuating that it robs man of his God-given rights by restricting a little farther the sale of drink on the Sabbath Day, one expects some show of consisteacy, and is the more amazed at the way it is addressing the Church of which its " majority are members." If that is their respect for the rights of God One knows bow much importance to attach to their appeal. The Trade first and God . . . second ? What about the rights of man? There is not a Hie of Scripture that suggests that the Sabbath was made for man to do what he likes with. It was made to be a means of helping to restore man to the image of God in which he wa.s made. Is there anything on God's earth that so distorts and destroys that image as drink ? Witnesses were quoted as to its effects on body and mind. Cardinal Manning, for 35 years priest and bishop in London said "The chief bar to the working of the Holy Spirit of God in the souls of men and women is intoxicating liquor." And wig this Trade, banned by princes, statesmen, doctors, judges, magistrates, labour leaders, that quotes Jesus Christ in support of Sunday drinking ! ! The liberty of the Sabbath ? "Is it to save life or to kill ?" The liberty of the subject ? Is it to sell drink to men and women for whom Christ died ? Listen to the cry of the children and let the Lord of the Sabbath decide who said : " Whoso shall offend one of these little ones it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck and that he were drowned in the depths of the sea."

===== 0002601_19080321_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
" Second to None." REV. A. M. MITCHELL'S PRAISE.

Support from Junior Liberals. In his paper entitled " Current Events" at the ! Warrington Junior Liberal Association meeting on Monday evening, Mr. J. Derbyshire referring to the Licensing Bill, said that no one knew better than the rich brewers the power of money. They were using that power to the full now. Wherever they went, wherever they turned "robbery and confiscation' stared at them from every hoarding, assailed their ears in every public place, train, tram, or street and mostly, he regretted to say it, the Licensing Bill and its authors were spoken of in terms of abuse and derision. The war over the Bill was being waged in the most bitter, rancourous and unscrupulous manner. Absolute untruths and hitting below the belt seemed to be the order of the day. At a meeting held at the Town Hall, I London, a speaker advised everybody to boycott those tradesmen who were known to be in favour of the Bill, at the same time saying that the Bill was drafted solely to please the Nonconformists, who enjoyed nothing better then plundering the Church or the brewer. The name of that gentleman was Mr. Harold Smith, brother of Mr. F. E. Smith, of Liverpool and he (Mr. Derbyshire) believed Mr. H. Smith was announced to speak at the forthcoming brewers' meeting to be held in the Parr Hall on the 26th. There had also been a serious attempt to immediately increase the price of beer, so as to arouse the animosity and opposition to the bill, of the every day working man beer drinker. When one turned from these fierce outbursts and tactics, to the Bill itself, one became astounded at the uproar caused. The Licensing trade to-day is the only pro- tected business in the country. The recovery by the State of the monopoly value of licences and the ending of the State recognition of vested interests given by Mr. Balfour, giving the brewers fourteen years to set their house in order, seemed to him to be but bare justice to the nation as whole. The gradual acceler- ated reduction of licences and the giving back to the local bench of magistrates full discretionary powers, local option regarding new licences, the protection of tenant against the tyranny of the brewers, strict club supervision. All those clauses seemed to him to be very moderate proposals. The Bill, he concluded was worthy of the support of every well wisher of his country and fellow men. (Applause.) Mr. E. WYNNE-JONES said he was not the gentleman who proposed a vote of thanks to the directors at a meeting of the trade held recently. He did not know the man who did and he did not wish to know him. (Laughter.) If they could meet together somewhere to discuss the Bill he would endeavour to prove to him that it was one of the most progressive measures ever Introduced in the House of Commons. (Applause.) He then moved the resolution in favour of the Bill, the teift of which we have already published. He added that some of the brewery companies were making the biggest profits ever made by any trade. Sunday closing would be very beneficial indeed. They as young Liberals must do all in their power to support the Bill which he hoped would become law. (Applause.) Mr. GRAY seconded. The resolution wae supported by Mr. B. H. JONES, Mr. E. ENGLAND, Mr. ALBINSON, and the CHAIRMAN, (Councillor Hawthorn) and carried unanimously. The Bill Discussed at Penketh.

On Wednesday night the Penketh Day School was lilted by a large and representative audience to hear an explanation of the Government Licensing proposals from Mr. James Dodds, President of the Warrington Citizens' Temperance League. The chair was occupied by the Rev. E. J. Gawne, and he briefly introduced Mr. Dodds, who, having gone through the main clauses of the Bill, dealt exhaustively with the time limit pro- visions, as upon these, in his opinion, the real struggle with the drink interest would take place. He showed that,under the licensing laws until 1901,0 n the evidence of the leaders of the "trade," from which he quoted, the licensees held their licences for one year only, and these were all subject to review and consideration yearly for renewal or extension at the discretion of the magistrates. Mr. Balfour's Act of 1901 was practically a brewers' act under which they ultimately claimed they had secured a freehold interest on their licenses. This, however, was not so as Mr. Balfour on several occasions distinctly stated that nothing like a freehold interest was given by his Act.and that no future Parliament would be in any way precluded from free action in regard to the introduc- tion of a time limit. Lord Hugh Cecil said in the House of Commons that the Church of England Temperance Society supported Mr. Balfour upon this understanding, and the Arcnbishop of Canterbury sought to introduce in the House of Lords a time limit of 14 years, the same as that now proposed by the Government. There was nothing to-day to prevent the Government establishing free trade in licenses, in which case any vested interests of the brewers would be practically worthless. Clearly the monopoly values of licences were the property of the country, and subject to a reasonable time limit the -country must beve its property restored to it. Questions having been invited, and answered, and Mrs. C. E. Parker, Mr. Withinshaw, Mr. A. and Mr. J.Seed, Mr. W. Walker, Mr. Carman, Mr. Faulkner, and the Rev. E. J. Gawne having spoken in favour of the Bill, Mr. Dodds proposed the following resolution "That this public meeting heartily welcomes the Licensing Bill 213 a great measure of Temperance Reform and rejoices that it provides for the immediate applica- tion of the principle of local option to new licences and for the extension of thesame principle automatically to all licences after 14 years. We are, however, of opinion that this time limit is unduly long, and hope that the Bill will be amended in this respect. This meeting further assures the Government of its strenuous support in their efforts to pass the Bill into law. Further, that a copy of the resolution be sent to the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. for the Division." 'the resolution was seconded by Mr. G. Carman, and a most interesting and successful meeting was shortly after brought to a close. The Briton and the Brewer. [To THE EDITOR OF THE "ExamiszEß.l Sir,—T am very glad to see the temperance enthu- siasm which has been aroused in Warrington and sincerely hope the newly inaugurated Citizens' Temper- ance League will be consistent in their attitude and never fail to show a united front to the wily attacks of "the common enemy." For my own part, though a " confirmed teetotal fanatic " I heartily welcome the non-teetotaler in an etiort to curtail the power of the liquor trade and bring about a power and a better state of things in our National and municipal life. Thanks Ito the effcrts of the "Examiner " and a few friends a standard has been raised which I sincerely hope may "never touch the ground." Though somewhat an alien to-day I claim after three years' hard lsboir to have is living interest in the drink fettered inhabitants of Warrington. Every true friend of temperance will I feel sure highly appreciate the manner in which your columns have been thrown open to our beloved cause I and it is with a high sense of gratitude for past favours that I trespass upon your valuable space once again. 1 should like to endorse every sentiment so ably expressed by "Phil Squod End " "in your columns of Saturday last. I grant I was \rely much struck and none the less amused at the absurd posters which now adorn the hoardings in Beautiful Warring- ton." However much the trade orgaaizations declare Ito do, it's a well-known fact that they have only one I object in view—the protection of their degrading iudus-1 try. In their desire to capture public opinion, especi- ally the working class section, they will adopt every conceivable means, and I want te warn every working man in Warrington to stand firm. Their bogus cries and poetical expressions are intended to produce suffi- cient "moral power " to " move" a cut and dried resolution from the Parr Hall to Parliament on the 2tith inst. When the gilt-edged speakers have eloquently explained "the objects of the society," the audience I will be called upon to express their approval by voting in favour of what ?—(the Brewer). May I ask ? shall it be said that a unanimous resolu- tion supporting liquordom went up from Warrington. This, however weak the cause may be, Would be a l standing disgrace to a town which fought so many years ego. No, whatever the price, this must be pre- vented. Ido not ask for any riot or disturbance of their meeting but I do ask that every lover of cause and every working man who knows the meaning of liberty and has the welfare of his fellows at heart will stand firm by votina against the resolution which has fn its avowed object the protection of the money bags and the insubordination of the masses. Let the " moral power " prevail and the "personal liberty " of Britain's " manhood " be restored. I hope and believe, that despite the efforts of the trade, we shall soon have on our statute book measures of reform worthy of the name and honour of Christian England.—lam,Yours J. R. GRIFFITHS.

k -country

The Rev. A. M. Mitchell, Vicar of Thirtonwood ' writes as foLlows on the Bill in his Parish Monthly : I" The violet outburst against the Bill has simply been engineered, and is entirely without justification, for the New Licensing Act is not ' drastic ' as the drink traffickers and half, and half temperance folk want the country to believe. The Bill is a strong one, but not drastic ; it very skilfully and thoughtfully tempers mercy with justice, and is a truly great and wise measure of social reform,`senond to none.' Nothing to equal it in Temperance Legislation has hitherto been brought before Parliament. 'Spoliation," Confiscation,' 'Robbery,' are familiar cries and have ever been the watchwords of the Trade (and its supporters), when it has been proposed to lay further restrictions upon the sale of alcoholic drink, and to bring licences more under the control of the State. A more violent out- burst of rage than usual was, therefore, only to be expected when the latest and most complete temper- ance measure saw the light. The Trade is no novice in tactics of this kind,and is past master in the art of throw- ing dust in the eyes of the people. The terms proposed by the Bill provide handsome treatment for those who have been allowed for years to build up a powerful and scandalous monopoly, and which has now become a standing menace to the country. The Bill only makes provision for the annual com- pulsory closing of 24-th houses in any. one Licensing District during the time limit. To require the surrender of a couple of licences annually during a term of 14 years in each of the 1007 Licensing Districts is surely neither robbery nor confiscation, especially when a quid pro quo will be forthcoming throughthe Com- pensation Fund. This requirement is not burdensome; in the opinion of many temperance workers 'the trade is being too much considered and is getting oft far too easily. It is palpably a dishonest trick, and nothing short of it, which wilfully leads the unitiated to believe that 30,000 drinking houses will, per ealtent, be swept

Little Suttnn. near Chester. 11,1 arch 18tb 1903

_ Good Templars and the Membbr. The Good Ten3plars have addressed the following letter to Mr. A.H. Crosfleld, M.P. :- 6, George-street, Warrington, Dear Sir,—T aro directed by the Temperance Mission Lodge of the 1.0.G.T. to ask you to accept the enclosed resolution, and to endeavour to be in your place in the House of Commons to support the second reading of the Government Licensing Bill. With best wishes, I beg to remain. your sincerely, WILLIAM JACKSON, Secretary.

away. No such luck. The beer drinker need not fear Mr. Dodds at Liverpool. for his beer, he will find plenty of it this year, next year, and in 1910, good, bad and indifferent, mostly On Thursday night a crowded meeting in support of indifferent, the Government Licensing Bill was held in St. Andrew's Let the drink traffickers rage and swell to their hearts Parish Mission Hall at Litherland, Liverpool. Mr. content, let them twist, misrepresent, devise, scheme as James Dodds of Warrington, who has interests in the they will, they will find the Bill will get through both district, presided, and was supported on the platform Houses. Temperance reformers and all who make the by the Venerable Arch4eacon Madden, Rev. George slightest pretence to Christianity, have nothing more to Jackson, M.A., Vicar, Councillor Appleton, Messrs. W. do than to held firmly all together and give the Bill ,S. Colmar, John Rogers, and J. B. Temple. The Chair- unqualified support. man, in the course of a short address, said the question . . which "

of a time limit was going to be that upon vrhich the rad fight between the drink interest and the people would take place. There had, so far, been little or no distinct opposition to local veto, and the struggle was gradually developing into one, not as to the length of the time limit, but as to whether there should be a time limit at all. Upon that issue there could be no compromise. It was a claim to a freehold property in the licence which was simply preposterous' - and in respect of which, so far as supporters of the Bill were concerned, it would be war to the knife, and the knife to the hilt. Archdeacon Madden moved the following resolution :—" That this meeting of parishioners and friends gives its hearty support to the main principles of the Licensing Bill now before the House of Commons as being in accordance with the proposals which the Church of England Temperance Society has for many years advocated." Mr. W. T. Colmar seconded, 1 and the resolution was carried unanimously and with enthusiasm. The Rev. George Jackson and Councillor Appleton also addressed the meeting.

Warrington's prospects at Broughton are not exactly gay and glittering. They would, for instance, have been much brighter at Barrow or Leigh, but they might have been worse at Hunslet or Wakefield. We cannot complain, and we have no need to feel down- hearted. Broughton has been rather a lucky cup-tie ground for Warrington. They won the cup there last season, they drew there once with Bradford, and they drew there with the Rangers, their present opponents, some years ago and beat them in the re-play at War- rington. They might do as much or more next Satur- day. But I will discuss the Wirepullers' prospects more fully in my next week's notes.

It appears to me that the team needs strengthening. Possibly Jenkins will be quite fit by then, and if he can work with Brookes he will be better than Lloyd. Then too, the claims of Jordan to Watkin's place will have to be 0 .sidered. If any change is made here I would sok see Jordan introduced than disturb either DA, enson or Taylor. Centre is the most importan,rposition in the team, and it is the two present centres who have been winning Warrington their matches.

THE LEAGUE.

For.

Agst. Pff.-

_ P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c't'ge. Oldham Hunslet Broughton 24 17 6 1 47 76 322 25 34 152 7291 Sal ford Wigan 27 18 8 1 58 99 413 32 37 175 6851 Hull K. R. 'Batley 2B 18 10 0 53 66 304 39 54 210 6128 Halifax Warrington Keighley 26 15 11 0 51 57 273 49 56 266 57.69 Wakefield T 27 15 11 1 55 79 347 51 61 285 5740 Barrow Bradford 2B 15 13 0 44 59 265 41 77 313 5357 Hull 2B 14 14 0 50 68 304 41 53 241 5000 Runcorn 26 13 13 0 22 56 212 24 44 180 50.00 Dewsbury 27 12 14 1 42 50 231 38 63 265 46.29 Rochdale I Huddersfield Leeds York 24 8 16 040 48 224 59 65 313 3333 Svvinton Merthyr Leigh St. Helens 26 6 18 2 30 38 174 47106 412 2692 Ebbw Vale 24 5 18 1 18 27 117 48 73 315 22.91 Widnes 25 3 18 4 17 35 139 42 72 330 2000 Brarnley 25 4 21 0 24 31 141 76 123 521 1600 The match between Leeds and Hunslet, which was abandoned during the first half, is not included in the above table.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
RES'OLUTION

"That this meeting appreciates the genuine attempt made by the present Government to introduce into the Licensing Laws of this country a measure of reform which is conducive to the sobriety and future well- being of its people by the reduction of excessive facili- ties with the prospect of Local Option, under which enlightened opinion will have the power and privilege of self-protection in each locality." Mr. Crosfleld replied acknowledging the receipt of the letter, and promised that the resolution should have his careful, consideration.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19080321_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19080321_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL

THE CUP-TIES. By " Ovallst." Tradition holds good, and Runcorn have once again failed to beat Warrington in a cup-tie. Time was when the Linnets were always too good for the Wire- pullers —for about fourteen years they beat them with monotonous regularity - but in that time the clubs did not meet in a knock-out competition. Twenty-one years ago they met to decide the possession of the old West Lancashire Cup, and had to adjourn to Southport to settle ; matters, and Warrington won an historic encounter. Until the Lancashire Cup-tie on October 12th last the Clubs had steered clear of one another in Cup- ties since 1887, but even in the Lancashire Cup-tie I -- Warrington triumphed with ease. Saturday's TO-DAY'S MATCH.—TEAM EXPERIMENTS. encounter in the great tournament of the season Warrington will have the novelty of a visit to-day revived old memories and aroused tremendous interest from a Welsh club—one of the new converts to in the district. All roads led to Runcorn, and most Northern Unionism, viz., Ebbw Vale. The teams of them were pretty welllined with football enthusiasts. have already met on the Welsh club's ground where Fully 10,000 spectators assembled on the primitive , Warrington gave a brilliant display and gained a I ground at Irwell-lane, and the receipts were £261. substantial victory. Two more points should naturally This was not quite a record but it might have been if accrue as the result of this afternoon's encounter. several hundred impetuous partizans had not broken I through the gates and entered the ground free. ; Opportunity is being taken to experiment with the Warrington team in order to decide upon the strongest It has been a frequent bast of late that the means , combination for next week's Cup-tie. The team lof transport and communication between Widnes selected to oppose Ebbw Vale is as follows :—Tilley, and Runcorn are now admirable. But the river . full back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Brooks, still flows between and even the two bridges three-quarters; Lloyd and Jenkins, half-backs ; proved sadly inadequate on Saturday. Poor , Thomas, Shugars, Jenkins, P. Boardman, Belton and despised Warfington Bridge would have con- Heath, forwards. veyed the crowd with ease could it have stretched across the river at this point. Most of the Warring- ton excursionists detrained at Widnes, and they together with the Widnes folk made a raid on the Transporter and the old Runcorn bridge. About 2,000 people tried to board the Transporter car at once—which was rough on the car—and some damage and delay ensued. Even the Warrington players had to wait their turn and were 25 minutes late on enter- ing the ground. But if the arrangements were inadequate here, they were farcical at the railway bridge. Nearly as many people were trying to force their way through a narrow gate, while an ancient L. and N.-W. servitor struggled vainly to collect the fares. Quite half the crowd swarmed over the fence on to the bridge pell-mell free of charge. It was a wild horde altogether that crossed from Widnes to Runcorn, but they were rewarded by an exciting match in the end.

Watkin has been called home to South Wales owing to the illness of his sister. The idea of the changes from last week is to see how Jenkins com- bines with Lloyd for the first half and then for Lloyd and Brooks to change places in the second half. There is a probability of Brooks and Jenkins being the halves for next week, much as everybody would regt et seeing Lloyd deposed. Still he is not quite the equal of Jenkins, and if the latter is strong he must have a place in the team. A. Boardman has been relegated to the "A" team. It was evident at Runcorn that he had not fully recovered from his recent illness.

The " A" team has another severe Combination engagement, with Wigan Highfield, but there is confi- dence that the selected thirteen will capture the maximum points. The team is: Bramhall, full back; Landor, Cartwright, Isherwood and Tickler, three quarters ; Daintith and Jordan, half backs ; A. Board- man, Harmer, Kettle, Forster, Jolley and Fairhurst, forwards.

Warrington's victory of 6 points to 2 was not a big one, but truth to tell the Runcorn men never looked like winning. They flattered their supporters by getting a goal in the first two minutes, but Warrington immediately scared a try, and a quarter of an hour later added another which settled the issue. There was no more scoring, but there might have been had Warrington needed further points. The match was, of course, not absolutely won when Warrington were four points ahead, but they seemed to have got the measure of the homesters and resorted more to safety tactics than would have been the case supposing Run- corn had held the lead at half time. It looked very much as if Fish could have scored another try in the last five miuntei if he had wanted, for he repeated his feat of the cup-final last April in snapping the ball near his own line and running to the other end. For some reason or other he slowed down after getting clear away and was captured tamely in the Runcorn qunter He had raised the siege and seemed content, but the Warrington supporters would gladly have seen him complete the effort in his own style.

There were only two occasions on which Runcorn came very near scoring. Once Richardson got hold and dashed for the line, but was finely tackled by Tilley just outside the rut. The other occasion was an even nearer shave for Warrington. Unsworth —a Warrington lad took advantage of a blunder by Watkin and raced away down touch with a clear course before him. He seemed certain to score, when Jenkins came up like a torpedo and rammed the Runcornian a yard from the line. It was a great save, and as creditable to the speedy Newport forward as a try. Runcorn git possession from the scrums in marvellous fashion, but they were quite out-played at centre, where Dickenson and Taylor performed prodigies of skill and valour.

The game was of the typical cup-tie order and not remarkable for brilliant combination on either side. Warrington were most convincingly superior the moment after Runcorn scored the opening goal. • They completely scattered the Runcorn forwards and carried play to the home quarter. Lloyd swung the ball out and a sample of the Warrington passing was accom- plished with celerity, Fish finally receiving and beat- ing the defence brilliantly at the corner. The second try came through Dickenson's opportunism. The Runcorn full back missed a catch, Dickenson snapped up the ball at top speed and threw wide to Taylor who left all pursuers standing. It was a bit of fine individual work and put the seal on the greatness of, the Warrington centres.

Coming to individual play, after the two men just mentioned, Tilley and Brooks were the best backs on the Warrington side. Both performed brilliantly at times and were always safe. Fish was variable, but he scored a try which no one else would have got. Watkin made one fine run on the right which was worth a try, but his old failing of hesitancy on the de?ence was again apparent and caused the Warring- ton men some anxious moments. Until he can over- come this fault his position in the Warrington team is bound to be precarious. Lloyd did very well indeed, but the forwards were either beaten hollow in the serums after the first quarter or they 'were taking things easily. In the loose they carried all before them, but at heeling nut to the halves they were distinctly second-best. Jolley was the hero of the home side as usual, and played a magnificent game, but the support of Butterworth and Moran at centre was worth nothing. Barring one fatal blunder Harrison played a capital game at full back, and he is to be sympathised with under the circumstances.

• The match was naturally very keen, but there was never a stippage for rough play. iStrangly enough quite half a dozen Runcorn men were "laid out "at one time or another, while the Warrington players all appeared to have charmed "lives." Mr. McCuteheon kept the teams well in hand and refereed very capably, though I thought he was rather lenient in regard to the knock-on rule.

The draw for the third round of the Northern Union Cup and the appointment of officials were made at a meeting of the Cup Committee, held at the Grosvenor Hotel, Manchester,on Tuesday, as follows : BARROW V. HUNSLET.—Referee, R. Robinson, Brad- ford ; touch judges, B. Enion, Wigan, and T. Foulkes, St. Helens. BROUGHTON RANGERS V. WARRINGTON.—Referee, H. Ferrer, Keighley • touch judges, G. Moore, Runcorn and J. T. Hayes, Leigh. LEIGH v. MYRTIIVR TYDvlL.—Referee, W. H. Wood, Huddersfield ; touch judges, H. Broome, Oldham, and A. E. Gregson, Salford. Hurd. V. WAKEFIELD TRlNlTY.—Referee W. McCutcheon, Oldham : touch judges, R. L. Smitl;,Brad- ford, and Tomes, York. To be played on the ground of the club first named on Saturday, March 28th.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

HOME ROLE BILL PASSED. A Secular Education Bill.

The Secretary for Ireland (Mr. J. F. Awbery) may congratulate himself on having introduced the measure which has produced thp most interesting debate since our local Parliament commenced its deliberations. I There were very few dull moments from the beginning to the end of Thursday evening's debate, for a variety !of opinions found expression and all the points were ; eagerly seized upon and provoked lively manifestations of approval or dissent. It was approbriate that when Home Rule was the question of the moment, the House should be favoured with the presence of a real M.P., in I the person of Mr. Murphy, the member for Killarney, who sat with the Nationalists.

--------- • THE PREMIER AND THE NAVY. Replying to a question by the Member for Lincoln on naval matters, the PREMIER. said he had never heard ; of a "little navy" party but should it exist the Govern- ment did not intend to interfere with it, any more than they would with the Navy League, the Tariff Reform I League, the Primrose League, or the Liberal League. (Laughter.) The Government hoped to combine efficiency with economy. They did not want any , remount scandals nor did they want to pay fancy prices for rotten hay. (Laughter). TEIE HOME RULE BILL. Mr. J. HowEs, JUN. (Lancaster),re-opened the debate on the Home Rule Bill. He declared himself to be a Home Ruler, for he was an Englishman and a lover of fair play, and believed in Home Rule for himself equally as much as for Ireland. Mr. Howes then twitted the Opposition with stickling for details and ignoring ' principles, but it was not surprising when tbey recol- Ilected that one of their leaders. Mr. Chamberlain said that a merciful Providence fashioned them hollow in ; order that they might their principles swallow." I (Laughter.) Mr. Howes turned his attention to the hon. member for Newton, whose absence that night he noted, and said it was refreshing to hear him allude to Ireland as a great nation. The Government admitted that ; statement to bo perfectly accurate and therefore could ; not refuse to grant lreland national rights. The 1 depopulation of Ireland had been caused not by the efforts of the Liberal party to establish justice there " but by the operation of the terrible land laws enated by past Tory Governments and which the Liberal party had endeavoured to remove from time to time. If the attacks on life and property &c., in Ireland were an I argument against Home Rule, then the English Parliament should be aboiished, for law breaking in I I England far exceeded any similar operations in Ireland. , If it were not for the offences arising out of the land complications, Ireland would be a pattern to the Empire for the law-abiding conditions of its citizens. Home Rule, as he understood it, would give to the Irish I the liberty of managing their own domestic affairs. The separation of England and Ireland would be a great calamity and the Government proposed Home Rule to I prevent separation. He challenged the Opposition to 1 point to a single instance where Home Rule had been tried and had failed.

Mr. F. G. TAYLOR (Petersfleld) proceeded to oppose IHome Rule on the grounds of Irish disloyalty, animosity between the two races in that country, and the lack of ability on the part of the people to govern I on a fair and level basis. They had in the Irish party ' itself dissensions which did not throw out any possi- bility of hope that if they had entire self-control they I would be any happier than they were at the present time. I The PREMIER (Mr. J. Upson) said the Government ' and the Opposition differed on the question for two reasons, firstly, because of their conception of empire; ; secondly, because of that prejudice which was the child of ignorance. The conception of the Empire on that side of the House and he believed, with the one excep- tion of Ireland, on the other side, was an association ; of free self-governing peoples, mainly speaking the same language, loyal to the same King— (a Member of the Opposition : " No, no I proud of a history which all had helped to make, holding in common an immortal literature, bound together by no legal ties and obligations which must I be enforced at the point of the sword but by ties of mutual interest, of common aspirations, of sympathy and of toleranee. The one absolute essential in such a , conception of empire was the right of self-government Ito every unit composing that association. Mr. Upson • in alluding to ignorance on political questions caused ; roars of laughter by pointing to the popular conception of the Socialist ft a man with a revolver who stood in the way demanding one's property or one's life, and I then remarking "We have the reality in our friend I Councillor Stott, who would part with his last penny ' rather than see a millionaire come to want." The popular conception of an Irishman was a man with a !great mask, bidink behind the hedge with a gun. "As a matter of fact he is our genial friend Councillor Toole." (Laughter.) Ireland cried for freedom, not for golden i fetters. If the Bill were passed, Ireland instead of

being a discontented pariah of Empire would become strong, vigorous, helpful and loyal member of our great Empire. (Cheers). Mr. A. M. CRO WE (Carlow) said the demand of the Irish party was not for separation but for a Parliament representative of the Irish nation with an executive attached to it, sitting in Dublin !to administer purely Irish domestic affairs. _

The Rev. E. 6.--E.C&RLETON (Truro), who made his first appearance in the House, criticised the Bill chiefly on the proposal to give Ireland an independent Parlia- ment and also allow her to send fifty representatives to the English Parliament.

Durin—g Mr. Carleton's speech an amusing incident occurred, one of the Nationalist members inviting him to accept a, sprig of shamrock and throwing it to him across the floor of the House. _

Councillor STOTT saidthe Socialist and Labour party supported the Bill. The town, he added, had recently been placarded with bills stating that the Government were the slaves of the Socialists and the Nationalists. " As far as being slaves to the Socialist party is con- cerned" said Councillor Stott "I must compliment the Liberal party on the selection of their masters. (Laugh- ter.) I cannot compliment the Opposition on the choice of their's, because their political object always seems to be to bolster up or to support and vote in favour of a horde of blackmailers and exploiters. I refer now to the landlords and the brewers." (Cheers.) Mr. JOHN MAGINN (N. Tyrone) said the hon. mem— ber for Newton was much concerned about boycotting &c. in Ireland. "Itis an astounding thing " said Mr. Maginn "what a crime boycotting is in Ireland, com- pared to what it seems to be in England. (Cheers.) For the last week it has been one of the arguments of the Conservative party, advised by some prominent members of Parliament and great speakers—(laughter) to boycott the poor tradesmen of this country who dare to have an opinion of their own and to support the Government in their attempt to amend the ridiculous state of the Licensing Law." (Loud cheers.) Mr. Maginn contended that Home Rule would not mean dismemberment of the empire or injury to any human being. It was jnst liberty to Ireland to manage her own affairs, such as was granted to every town in this country. Mr. Magian referred to the serious competi- tion in the English labour market of Irishmen who had been driven from their homes by mismanagement and hardship, and said a million of British money spent in Ireland would be better protection to England and the Empire than the building of a battleship that might turn turtle the first time it was used. (Laughter and cheers.)

The debate was also taken part in by Mr. 11. W. Guest, Mr. McMermid and Mr. Felix Maginn. Councillor NIELD (Leader of the Opposition) in lengthy criticism of the Bill said they had had many appeals to their prejudices but very few to practical statesmanship. (Laughter.) He alluded to the difficulty of drawing the line between domestic and imperial affairs and said that although he agreed with extended local self-government Ireland and England must, generally speaking, remain one undivided Kingdom. Mr. J. F. AWBERY (secretary for Ireland) maintained that he had no arguments to combat with reference to the Bill. The Government were told that they were slaves to the Nationalists and Socialists. Had they not within the last few days had evidence that the right hon. gentlemen opposite were slaves of a great monopoly ? (Loud cheers). On a vote being taken, the amendment that the Bill be read that day six months was defeated by 74 votes to 49.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

,t• • .

L

===== 0002601_19080321_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
AN M.P. VISITOR.

When the House had gone into committee, Nit. MURPH M.P. was welcomed by Councillor Steel (chairman of committees) and delivered an interesting little speech in which he congratulated the Society on the way in which the debate had been conducted and said he gained his own early experience in a debating society. If any of the members were in London at any time be would be pleased to show them round the House.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION BILL.

The Education Bill which will be introduced nest Thursday by Mr. S. W. Jeffery, Minister for Education, was laid on the table. It was as follows This measure enacts that

(1). All elementary schools receiving Parliamentary grunts, shall be public elementary schools, maintained by the Local Education Authority, and conducted by them for the purpose of giving instruction in secular subjects only. (2). The Local Education Authority"shall provide accommodation without payment of fees for all childrensresident in their area.

(a) Compulsory school age shall be from five years to 14 years of age. (b) No partial exemption from school attend- ance shall be granted to any child under 13 years of age. (3). All teachers shall be appointed by the local Education Authority. (4). No teacher shall be required, as a condition of employment, to subscribe to any religious creed, or to belong or not to belong to any specified religious denomination, or to give any religious instruction. (5). Parliamentary grant at the rate, and as pro- posed by Mr. McKenna's 1908 Education Bill, shall be paid to all public elementary schools until 1911 when an equalized national tax for education shall be levied. (6). Schools held at present under trusts may. be transferred to local Education Authority, but no pay- ment shall be made by the local Education Authority in respect of such transfer. (a) Any teachers in the school at the time of transfer to the local Education Authority shall con- tinue to hold office under the authority by the same tenure and on the same terms and conditions as hefore the transfer. (b) Any teacher who loses employment 1;y. transfer of schools or by failure to transfer shall receive salary for such period (not exceeding two years) as loss of employment continues and shall be entitled to continue payment to the Elementary School Teachers' Superannuation Fund for two years (if not employed in recorded service) and to reckon the time in respect of which contributions are so paid as if it were recorded service. 8. The Education Authority shall give the following undertaking to the trustees of transferred schools : "An undertaking to put the schoolhouse, properly cleaned, warmed and lighted, at the disposal of the trustees or transferors for the purpose of being used by them .or under their authority for the giving of any religious instruction (consistent with the trusts affect- ihg the schoolhouse in the case of a schoolhouse subject to trusts)immediately before or after any meeting of the school and the teachers now employed in such schools,so long as they bold their present posts and are therefore not subject to further creed tests, may be permitted to give special religious teaching out of school hours." 9. All further provision of schools to be made a charge upon the Imperial Exchequer. 10. This Act to be cited as the Elementary Educa- tion Act, 1908, the same to come into operation on the first day of January, 1909.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
GARDEN SUBURBS.

Building to be Commenced at Sankey.

The Garden Suburbs are almost an accomplished fact. Land has been secured at Sankey and at Grappenhall (near the locks) and a e learn that the Warrington Tenants Co., Ltd., has decided to proceed almost immediately i,vith the erection of six houses on the Sankey estate.

===== 0002601_19080321_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

WARRINGTON WESLEYAN HARRIERS V. MANCHESTER G MINAS tum HA RRIERS. These two clubs met at Warrington last Saturday and a close race resulted in a victory for the home team by 2 points. A distance of eight miles was traversed, and the first man to arrive home was C. Vose (the champion of Sankey Harriers, who was assisting the home team, he being their ex-champion), followed by G. Brereton, G. Hampton and W. Lewis, all of Manchester. The teams finished as follows : Warrington Wesleyans, 1, C. Vose ; 5, J. Massey ; 6, H. Gill ; 7, J. Gibson ; 9, W. Thornley ; total 28 points. Manchester Gymnasium, 2, G. Brereton ; 3, G. Hampton ; 4, W. Lewis ; 8, W. Humphreys; 13, ; total 30 points. In conjunction with same, the Wesleyans decided their club championship and novice races, and both caused an amount of keen rivalry. Vose not being qualified for the championship, the winner was J. Massey, who finished a couple of yards only ahead of H. Gill, who was followed by J. Gibson. The novice medals were won by J. Gibson, W. Thornley and W. Drury. A good afternoon's sport was followed by tea and social, Messrs. Hartley and Sharrocks of Manchester, Mr. T. Attwell and Miss L. Evans of Warrington, rendering songs or recitations, Mr. P. Parkes being the. accompanist.

Marriages. Ira utwoon—DUNDOBBIN.—INIarch 15th. at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. T. NV. Barber, James Yarwood to Elizabeth Dunbobbin. LALLY—HAwLEy.—March 15th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barber, Thomas Lally to Margaret Hawley.

SILVER WEDDING. WINSRILL—JEFFERY.—On March 23rd, 1683,at Wycliffe Congregational Church, Warrington, by the Rev. John Yonge, Peter T. Winskill to Emilie M. Jeffery, second danghter of the late William Jeffery. 62, Padgate-lane, Warrington. For Influenza Coughs tabs Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 1/I.i and 2/9.—Advt.

Warrington.—Printed and published by jOFIN WALKEN & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Workt- Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, Market Street, EsituisTowtr; Church-street Rub/cow:4 Mar• , 21th, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080321_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD STREET WE6LE YAN CFIURCH TO-MORROW (SoirDAY) MARCH 22.gD, ISO& PRRACHERS Morning 10.30. Pea. WILLIAM MELLOR. Evening 6.30. Rev. B. J. GAWNE. All welonme. Hymn Books provided. BE WSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MARCH 22ND. Morning 10.3 u. MR. JOSEPH HOWARD. Evening 6.30. REV. WILLIAM MELLOR. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CFIIT R C 11. LATCFIFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 22nd, 1908. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Morning 10.30. 4. Old time giants." Evening 6. Waste and Worship." OFFERTORIES.

POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST. SCHOOLROOM. TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AT 7.30. RBTURN VISIT OF THE WOODVILLE CONCRILT PARTY. A NIGHT OF PRFINED HUMOUR. ADMISSION, ORB PRNNY, GALLBRY TWOPIINCF..

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORN IC STREET 10-110NE0w, (SUNDAY), MARCH 22ND. Rev. R. B. LETHEREN. MORNING 10.45. "A. forgotten feature of Christian Co- operator," lIVENL4G 6.30. "An ex r. (silent example of Christian Co operation." Wednesday next at 8. THURSDAY NEXT, MARCH 262 H, 1908, PUBLIC WELCOME AND RHCOGNITION SBEVIOES, SERMON at 4 o'clock; Preacher, REV. 3. PICKRTT (Northampton). PUBLIC TEA at 5 30. PUBLIC ALERTING at? o'clock. CHAIRMAN, C. E. PARKER, ESQ. EVERYBODY HMARTILY WELCOME. -

WARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIETY.—SPISCIAL, ADDRESS TO MEN TN THE PARISH CHURCH, FRIDAY PERT, MARCH 27TH, 1138. RIM W. QUIBECLL. SUBJECT :—" I don't care." COMMENCE AT 8; OVER AT 9. ALL MEN WARMLY WELCOMED. ALL SELTEI FREE. SPECIAL ADDRESS TO WOMIOII AT 3 o'nr,rcir.

EVERY SATURDAY. PRICE ONE PENNY. THE STORMY PETREL, THE NEW WEEK-END MAGAZINE FOR THINKING MEN AND WOMEN. EDITED ar JOHN SHAW, M.D., LONDON. Look out for the short smies of IMPORTANT ARTICLES ON THE FRAUD OF EMIGRATION. EACH WEEK 1 VALUABLE ARTICLE ON PARLIAMENTARY AFFAIRS IS CONTRIBUTED Br PHILIP SNOWDEN M.P. THE MAGAZINE also pays due attention to THE LIGHTER BIDE OF LIFE. TO BE OBTAINED from all Newsagents or the publishing offices, 89, FAERINGDON STREET, LONDON, B.C.

4 AIL 111.A0BEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIRL MAKE, WARRANTED. POST FREE Ee. 6d., 38., 4e. 6D., LID Si. en J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. HIMBWORTH. Market Hall. Warrington.

NUESES.! MMUS ! ! NURSES!!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CASE, ANY DISTA.NOE, NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (ESTABLISHED 30 YEAm). HOPE HOUSE, HOPE' ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : "Nurses," Liverpool

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per Oz. COVERLRTTS I TAILS OP ) nom HAIR FIIAMRS, PURR FROM 3/6 zA.ca. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LBWS ST (OAR STATION). LIVBRPOOL.

I ATUIikORD STEM LAUNDItY.—WILL ALL 1-4 CUSTOM/IRS OF THR LATCHFORD STRAM LAUNDRY PLBASII NOTTS that WILLIAM BRTTLBS, of 23, Belmont Avenue, Latchford, IS NO LONGUR IN OUR BMPLOY as Vanman, and has no authority to collect any monks on our account. (Signed) F. MARRLAND & CO. Warrington.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDSLITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO, CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,400,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS Narrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St Mr. W.II. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Viotoria-rd.,Latchf or. St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stre.t Haydock.. Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Brldg

ANADA.—NOW IS THE TIME 10 EMIGRATE. I Smooth voyage. Warm elcome. Good wages. Strong demand for Far n Hands. Domestic Servants, and Men for railway construction. Information and advice gladly given by LHON&RD BENNETT, 8. King-street, Warrington.

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL LINF.—THR ONLY TuRBiLE nit/omits. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE FROM LIVERPOOL TO CANADA. UNSURPASSED ACCoMMoDATION, LOWEST FARES. SPECIAL THROUGH RATES TO WESTERN STATES. Also Direct Services from LONDON and GLASGOW. Handbookagdaps, and all Information FREE. Apply ALLANS, 19, James Street. ':Liverpool ; 103 Leadenball Street, HAI, and 5, Pall Mall, S.W., London ; 25, Bothwell Street, Glasgow ; or local Agents.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGEIT.—BEST PRIOR for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, OARRIAGHPAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY. THRATFICAL, BAND UNIFORMS. LIVRIHRS, ARM Y TRIITS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S M/SFIT SUIT at THIRD COST PRICK. LADIRS' EVENING DEBSSIIS, COSTUMES, BLOUSBS. GRST'S FUR-LINSID and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTRAUS, &0., 2nd-band. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSHRS,SHIRTS,BLUORRRS,WRLLII2O; CONS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, FOLIOS ()APRS. GORMAN'S. 326, 328, and 340, Deansgate, Mancuester. Established 60 Years. 'Telephone No 413

THE ARTISTIC WADDINGTON PIANOS, Which for over 40 years have been sold by dealers of repute in all parts of Lancashire may now be obtained at greatly reduced prices direct from the makers' boat depot in RENSHAW STRIIET, LIVERPOOL. Consult your own Interest by calling or writing for new Art Catalogue and full particidars of the Waddington Surrender Value Hl re-purchase Scheme. WADDINGTON & SONS, (The only makers of pianos selling direct tri the public in the North.) CENTRAL HALL BUILDINGS, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL. FACTORY (ESTABLISHED 1838)STONOGATIII, YORK. lIRINOHES IN 17 OTHER TOWNS. MANAGER, MN. HENRY 11111YER.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND GASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. k,ZTRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in &11 its branches. JOHN BY ROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAIM AND REPAIDER (Pupil of 0. A. Chanot). 57, RENSHAW STRRIST (Corner of Benson street), LIVERPOOL. -

A CHOICE CIOARKTVE. SUDLOW'i SPROUL SILK OUT OIGARSTIRS. Guaranteed Hand-made from PUTS Virginian Tobacco. Pd. pee oz., 26. 6d. per }lb. box. T • —1 S UDLOW CO., AIRROHANTS, 15, WINWIOK ST., AND 65, BUT2'II3IIARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

PATTI, MELBA, CARUSO, KUBELTE, LAUDER ETC., will sing and play for you at Lorne any time you wish. All you regoire is A GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. EVERY RIV`OIiD and every type of GRAMOPHONII, ZONOPHOIIII,and THOMAS HUDSON MACH 1 NI3 in stock at JAKE G RAH A M'S, 74a Ats, El 76, RENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK CLD., LIVERPOOL. 'Tel, MX and 431 X Royal. SHED FOR LISTS POST FREW

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGToN IS PEIBPARIM to RBORIVII LOANS, either at all month. notice or for a term of years. Applioation to be made to the Bonouos TREASURER, Municipal Mow, Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2i PER ()Bair. INTEREST &bowed on Deposit tiocounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Chagas Book. An General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICI/I(AM, POST FREE. C.F. RAVENtsCROFr. 87CBRTABE

SEED OATS! SEED OATS! •SPBOIALLY GRADED AND OLI3ANED. GROWN ON VARIOUS SOILS. SPLENDID RESULTS LAST SEASON. JAMES FAIECLOUGH & So, LTD., WIDNES.

SPRING ASSIZE, COUNTY No. 2. MANCHESTER SPRING ASSIZES, 1908. The Commissions for holding these Assizes for the Northern and Salford Division of the County will be opened at Manchester, On Tuesday, the 21st April. The Regulations for conducting the Criminal Business will be published in due time. LIVERPOOL SPRING ASSIZES, 1908. The Commissions for holding these Assizes will be opened at Liverpool, on Thursday. the 7th May. The Regulations for conducting the Criminal Business will be published in due time. CIVIL BUSINESS and BAIL CASES will be taken at the above Assizes. • All Depositions in cases for trial, together with Recognisances and Inquisitions, must be forwarded Immediately to me at Preston, otherwise the cost of them may be disallowed. HERBERT STEPHEN, Clerk of Assize. Office of Clerk of Assize, Preston, 16th March, 1908.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be held at the COURT-HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 6th day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when, the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Altrincham, Bucklow,Dukinfleld, Middlewich, Sandbach, Congleton,Northwich, Prestbury and Stockport, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Divisions, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 6th day of April neat, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be Adjourned to the Castle of CHESTER on WEDNESDAY, the Bth day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The bearing of all appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Biro:con, Chester Castle, Daresbury, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Runcorn, Winsford, and Wirral], forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from the last-mentioned Divisions will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attend- ance at, the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the Bth day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester. Chester, 18th March, 1908.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFER. THB BBST AND CHBAPHST BVBR OFFIDISD TO THB PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS .N CANISTERS 5D., 10D., iND is. SD., EACH WEOLMIALE Br J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:. WARRINGTON.

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES. OHRAPEIST AND MIST. ANALYSIS GUARANTURD, , PRICES AND PARTICULARS, JAMES TOOLE & SONS, LTD., LONGFORD WORKS. WARRINGTON.

MONSTRE MEETING To protest against the Government Licensing Bill, Parr Hall, Thursday next, March 26. SPEAKERS : REV. E. C. E. CARLETON. ROBERT PIERPOINT, ESQ., J.P. W. PETER RYLANDS, ESQ., J.P. HAROLD SMITH, ESQ. RIGBY SWIFT, ESQ. JOHN REID WALKER, ESQ. J.P. EDWIN WOODS, ESQ., J.P., and others. CHAIRMAN . Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., D.L.

Doors open at 6.45. Concert until 8. Everybody welcome. TICKETS NOT NECESSARY. ENOCH LOCKETT, Secretary, Legh Street, Warrington.

SECOND-HAND PIANOS ON SALE. A FEW GOOD INSTRUMENTS FROM _a, SPECIAL IRON-FRAME PIANO, 20 GUINEAS. WONDERFUL VALUE. INSTRUMENTS TUNED, REPAIRED AND EXCHANGED. R. H. PEARSON, WARRINGTON. THLSPHONII 501.

omoncrE SEED MERCHANT, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. LEADING LINES IN VEGRTABLF, FLOWISH, AND FARM bEEDS. OBTAINED FROM BEST POSSIBLE STOCKS. I SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, CONTAINING NOVELTIES IN VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS FOR 1908.

THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. IA SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS, From iirerx-xurt IVIOUNFIELD, Tel. 350 y. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. 6d. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on application.

NEW SEASON'S MODES.

Mantles. Ladies' Millinery. Outfitting. Dressmaking. Laces. Costumes. Trimmings. J. & W. DUTTON, lb, 18 and 20, SANKEY STREET, Warrington.

• 40 CIO Areir M 72 3131:t.II)GrEiSTREET7 3/StIVRFUEbTOTON, THE BEST PLACE FOR earpets, Linoleums, and Household Drapery. Expelienced man folfixing Window Blinds and Floor Coverings.

ESTABLaskIED 1838. IttiGHARD J EFF EYSI 88, autai-snuorro LIVERPOuL, /Rams MAXBII AND PRIM BBLLBR. A Lenge Assortment, or rrettned Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Preeienta, ;School Prizes. te. Term, Moderate. RBPRODUOTIONB BY HOLLYBR OP PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSMTI, end BURNB-JONES. AUTOTYPH 11BPROODOTIONE OF PIOTUBBS IN THASNATIONL. TATE AND OTHREL OALLBBIKS. • A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

Durios AND oltriANS. —Chalmers does sell at many J. pounds less than firms who have expensive rents and swell canvassers, collectors, and other bangers-on. The' public would be surprised at the enormous cost of running a swell piano business J.C. avoids these need', se expenses ; instead of paying £3OO to .£5OO rent be pays £25 for a large wareirmse, central, hut out of the principal thoroughfare. To intelligent buyers this means an enormous saving. J.C.'s turnover Is larger than many of the swell warehouses. Come along and inspect stock, and you will be delighted with the value. Chalmers allows the highest price for old instruments as pert payment for new goods. Note address : CHALMERS, 63. Greet George-street. Liverpool (lti minutes from Lime-street) ; open till 8 every night; carriage pala any place. pl&NO.—Beantlful toned " Collard :" cottage £7. Paymem ts arranged.—CtaLmices, 63A Great George it., Liverpool.

P!ANUS AND ORGANS.—Chalmers, 63, Great George it., Liverpool (10 minutes from Lime at.), instruments returned from winter hire; magnifleent upright iron grinds from £l2 by Hopkinson, Allison, Kirkman, and many other famous makers, "equal to new" and at one-third original cost ;In feet, "make your own price and terms." Come early If you desire to secure a real life-long bargain at prices charged elsewhere for old rubbish, " worn out 30 3 e.t.rs ago." Come along, and if 3on have £4 to £6 to pay down you shall secure bargains that will open your eyes to the long rices charged elsewhere. " Fully warranted by written guarantee." Carriage paid any plaee Oaarxxsa, 63, Great George at., Liverpool. Open till 8 daily.

DIABOS AT CI:ULM SUS, LIVEMPOOL.—ArrIvaI of 1 new magnificent upright iron grands, iota at swell warehouses at £3O cash. f iIiALMBELS' CASH PRICE £l5. At Chalmers, buyers with £4 to £8 to pay down secure these lovely toned grands at Cash Price. See you are at Chalmers. as mistakes have occurred to the great lose and disappointment of buyers. CH A LAIERS, 3, GREAT GEORGE ST., LIVERPOOL

PIONEER FURNISHING STORES, 9 to 19, BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL. Supply for GASH at Remarkably LOW PRICES, ARRAN EASY HIRE TERMS, Atf3o,to 40 per cent. Below Usual Hire-Prices. A SPLENDID STOCK MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. Catalogues and Terms FREE.

"A Cocoa you can Enjoy." Van Houten s Acknowledged by experts to be without , a rival for flavour and digestibility. "A Perfect Beverage."— Medical Annual.

The Late Mr. Edmund Whitham. On Sunday evening a memorial service to the late Mr. Edmund Whitham, of 3, Boundary-street,Padgate- lane, a member of the Orford Old Boys' Association and a prominent member of the Manchester Unity of Oddfillows was held at Orford Church. The service - was conducted by the Rev. G. Vale Owen, curate-in- charge of Orford, assisted by Councillor Steel and Mr. John Cann,rnaster of Orford School, and President of the Orford Old Bey' Association. Among others present were P.P.G.M. William Holbrook, P.P.G.M. 1 T. P. Bradshaw, Prov. D.G.M. George F. Freeman, i 4 P.G. T. Reddish,P.G. Welfare, and Mr. G. H. W.Steel. The service was of a very impressive character , thforghont, among the hymns sung being "Jean. Lover of my soul" and "On the resurrection morning. The preacher was the Rev. G. Vale Owen who said they all regretted that their friend had been removed at the early age of 33, but they felt assured he was quite prepared to meet his God. They sympathized very sincerely with the widow and family in their sad Joss, and trusted that God's blessing would rest upon them and comfort them.

*OUR "BEAU IDEAL" UPRIGHT IRON GRAND PIANO REPRESENTS THE Best Value e vier offered to you. If you wish to pay all the cash at once it only costs 18 GUINEAS. If it would be more convenient for you we are prepared to deliver'it to ypii for 10/6 monthly. Send for a FREE CATALOGUE giving you full particulars of this and many more Models just as good value. RICHMOND JONES Sc SONS, 1143, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL. " 'Neath the shadow of St. Luke's," • TOP OF BOLD STREET. -

"KURERHEUMSCI99 Reg! stered Trade Mark 291177. Patent 15308. A.D. 1937' For ALLBVIATION and CURB of RHHUBIATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, SPRAINS, &c. Price Is. 6d. and 26. 6d. per bottle, cArriage paid. JOHN GEONFBEY. Dept. D., 5, HULL RING, BIRMINGHAM._

THE SETTLERS L O ' IDEA HOME . , NEw z „:„..,. A „,• . • ‘• 1 i , Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill \\. & Albion Co. The New Zealand Shipping Co. and the Federal Steam Navigation Co., for JECI ra rdic 1m r.) ~.. f . *"../11.1rtES for 2na sad 3rd Class Passages. At the tlt PP- - present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, ‘tl,,, otiffitn. ---,,-, • _ Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Woo o Cutters and .. 1, , men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if ?celi I. . approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) ` Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates 1 ..----- t.-., ~.......„_- 7 subject to their taking with them not less than £2. For ~ - .;...1w:-- - ~,-, application forms and further information apply to the 411' ~/ ' ' :.• . ir .•..t.--..., e 1.:,..- ••• High Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street. '-`,,.- ~ , i',-.. j:.--,,-.4•,....i.:,:,i`,•: , London, or the Agents in the United Kingdom of the - ' • , tV''''' -''' •:'. - -above Shipping Companies.

pORLICK'S IL.& aIALTED MILK ;IN POWDER FORM:. :tide THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. In 1/6, 2/6 and 111. Bottle,. (SLOUGH, SUCKS.) Best Food for Babies.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. tinmE COMFORT. OLICIALENEBB AND QIIIKTi CENTRAL NOR 3USINEBB OR PLEARITHR

sours FORT. ty Df I:1_, ET3 R E iTAERA NT a (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, uH A P EL-sr ssr . HSTIkIA.TES OIVIC6r, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C.. TESTIMONIALS 700 Y ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. I THE OLDEST H3TA3LISHRD RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

CIOUNTRY AP.AKTMiNTS.—FarnI.hed bitting and 1 or V 2 bedrooms in pretty part of Shropshire Special terms tor week-ends, no other boarders or ohlidren.—Address B. b., .• Examiner " Office. Warrington. NIIPH RAY INS Valli*, Haturopatlay Sanatoriums 11... L 9, Bedford Hill, Balham. B.W.—Yisit ire to London are advised to spend a plearr.ut homelike holiday at the above and while seeing the si,rhia get rid of their Rheumatism, stiff Joints, •iniatica, Constipation, Paralysis,lndigestinn. &C. Methods employed—Massage. Turkish Baths, Electricity, Colour, Light, Magnetism, Herbs, and Pyscho Therapeutics, Charges, inclusive of bo.grd ad treatment, from 30s. to 3 guineas weekly.—Mr, and %Also IdARTIN, Proprietors. Under me teal supervision.

\i/ITANfrlee apt:TaylpitsllßeyYSOUPtioldnlqLuKantlttayteaapdriaclel Padrt°l et vueur er i. —TYLDF,LBY CO-OPYBATIVIC SoCIsTY, Rltiott it., Tyldesley, near Manchester.

WA3ITI9D, LADY CANVASSUIt to call on sosaa shoos Widnes and Warrington districts. Salary and com- mission. State experience and reNrences.—Addreas Isaaminer " Office. Warrington. Rwhit &GISPIT, to ride, exhibit. sample cycle, and take orders ; large profits made without interfering ordinary employment.—W rite particulars, MEAD CYCLE (Jo., Agency Dept., WOE, Liverpool.

QUEBY 116.81i&TOHEWALC—The Farmer's Eldorado Money In wheat. Golden opportunities for enterprising men. Hunting (big-game), Fishing.—Apply J. C. JIENNSR, Whitehall House, I.:hiring Cross, London.

ONTARIO, thP Principal Province of Uanada. Healthy climate ; fertile soil ; free education ; cheap farms, abounding prosperity. For pamphlets and information. apply, PETER BYRNE, Ontario Government Agent, 7, James it., Liverpool.

OLD FALS}I TRNITII.—We give highest possible prices for above. Offers made. It unaccepted, teeth returned. Dealers In Old Gold or bilver in any form ; bankers' refer- ences; straightforward dealing.—Wooldram. AND COMPANY. sonthport.

ANTEID, YOUNG LADY as TYPIST (Williams TV Machine), and shorthand Clerk and to assist in Cash Desk. Apply by letter only, endorsed " Typewriter " stating age, experience and wages required, to SECRETARY. Co-opera- tive tiosi.ly, Cairo it., Warrington.

(11/ ANTS!) AGHSTeI to sell Universal Oycles on corn - mission; £2 can be earned weekly by energetic man ; branches everywhere ; cash or monthly payments ; no risk or outlay to agent whatever ; all Communications treated In con- fldenee.—V AIVERSAL CYCLE ASID ENGINICERING CO., Aveley, Herm

s_a OW TO BM A JOURNALIST, —Journalism taught by tL Correspondence and Asststance given with &Unmoor' pts. Inclusive tee ss. Intending students should write without delay.—H. OOTTELL Mattenica. London Scnool of Journalism. 5.5. tit. Martin's Lane, London, W.O.

KEA CKOrtS t KNaOKBIsi& t I K& !I I Best possible prices given tor dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt rellOVal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles —.l.smna TOoLE AND SONS LTD., Manure gen. tacturrs, Longford Work•, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Lonaford Works, Telephone 299,

3 lANOB ON SALES RISTURNIID FROM DINH. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case, by Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautif al Walnut Case, by Hilton and Hilton. I'IANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. FIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by William Names. INTENDIVI BUYERS 811017LD NOT Aim THEsE BaRGAITS, FULLY WARRANTHD BY HRLVISS AND KARNES. lOTe ADDR 88 ; Ali/ ADSWORTH'S. 69, eaSICHY ST— WARRINGTON.

PhNKI4TH.—CUTTA.GIid, 2s. Bd., 2s. 64., and 3s. 64. per week. MILL SIBEIBT. OFFlCll9,ground floor. Also upper rooms. SHOP, 3',PINN/1114 13110 W, 7s. 61 per. week. 169, WELLMEILD STHIMIT, rent 61. per week. 2 Storey high WARBEMMI. RISGEONT tITIORT, off Sankey Street. El 6 per year. 50, OHORLRY BUMS 2, rent 9s. 6d. Apply ROBSIIT Low's. tate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War rlnstton. Telephone—No 66.

LllT.—Guod HOUSE, Derby-street, rent 4s. 6d. Ate A. COTTADB, Belowlck-street, rent 31. 94.—Apply Wool) AND EON, Solicitors. t 5, Horsem4rker -street.

BEVitIRIC 6Tlt6WT.—Good 8130 P and HOUdit attached, containing kitchen, oCullery, cellar. ac.; 4 bedrooms ; Immediate possession ; rent low.—Apply to CHARLES HRALRY, 6, King at., Warrington.

M1311319Y STRHIIT.— CORNER SHOP, with dwelling- house attached, containing sitting-room, kitchen, scullery, 3. bedrooms ' • hotue can be inb-let•-i-Apply to CHARLES HEALEY, 6, Ring it., Warrington.

rib 0 LET.—Large Shop and Dwelling-house, situate in one of the best positions in the High Street of the market town of Wootton Bassett. The premises have just been renovated end decorated, and are suitable for any ordinary trade.—Apply W. Govoa, Bore Marsh, Wootton Bassett, Wilts.

28"recHireldP._- I.7.e.rmaatacluircle„dt; it., Cardiff. 8d" Qargrs OXYDIBBD WATCH, keyleet, good timekeeper, 4e. 6d. W. H, 4, Baxter Ave.. outtena-on-See.

ALL. the Materials for " Looping the Space," including three Bicycles, Platform, Itc. ; formerly or Barnum and Bailey; for sale, cheap. —apply JOAN BERRBFORD, High et., Tunstall, Staff .ndshlre.

rPW/SEDS.—SuIt Length. from 10s. 68., 12s. 63., 15s ; 1. 17s. 61. upwards ; splendid value ; large selections patterns post free.—Braamano TWEED Co., 36, Montrose at., Glasgow.

VOUNTiaIN 141248.—Great Sacrifice bend Is. for 7s. 6d. Fountain Yen complete in case, with Nickel Automatic Indelible Pencil, post free.—BENNErrs, 14. Maclise rd,, London, W.

21. 6 • D. -New T M rousets in Milton or Serges ; immediate despatch ; carriage paid ; send measurements. WHOLZS•LEI TROUSERS ai UFACTURING CO • 2a. Youlden rd., Stae Newington, London.

DI %STA AMARANTH.—t perfect Skin Beautifier; an 1 absolutely novel and harmless preparation ; undetect- able ; unaffented by water ; price 2s. 6d, per post.— AMARANTH, Gold Medallist, 10 Old Bond st., London.

J ADII3I3' STOCKINGieI ; extraordinary value; 2 pairs 1.4 perfect seamless black cashmere stockings ; small, medium, or large Biz., for 2s. 6d. pout free.—W. HADEN LILLEY CO., LTV., Hosiery Factors, Cambridge.

MANNIID GARDEN NRTTING.—Proteet Peas, Seeds, and _1 Buda from frost, blight, and ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed. 3U sq. yds. ls. ; any width or /ength.— RinsAY ROBINSON & Uo., Gsrden Net Works, Rye, Busses.

DO YOU WANT beautifully develope I muscles and a clear active brain ? My book Man's Attainment," will show you bow to acquire these desirable attributes. bent post free for 3gcl•—JoßN U. ftaxisoN, Langwatbby Cumberland.

CIOBRUGATBD Iron Buildings, Mission Halle, Dwelling Houses, Cottages, Bungalows, bitable', Workstiops, Schools. Billiard Booing. Loose Boxes, Chicken Houses, Ste. —SOUTHALL AND BERRIDGE PORTABLE BUILDING CO., Hambrough Dock. Southall.

NOITINGHABII LACH.— All perfAct, 24. 8,1„ 5i., 7a 61, 10s.. and £1 Parcels. Valenciennes, Torctions. Carriage paid. Curtains, superior quality, Is. 4e. upward*, Carriage forward.—PßOGll6BBlVE LACE AND CURTAIN COMPANY, 2, Pilcher Gate, Nottingtuum.

ESOOA cheque for this amount t) be given away ; yon may be tbe fortunate one. For pqrtt- enlace send penny stamped addressed envelope to WALTERS & CO., v. Helmehistra-Aat, Amsterdam, Holland. Postage 2id, value of postage returned to each enquirer.

TO LAUNDRESSES AND HOUSEWIVES. A N IDEAL Wit and Collar Glaze can be procured from x& 11.1.Lazrzt & Co., 20, York Place, Barry. It whitens and glasses linen like china with polishing irons. Try it. Children can nue It. Sample 4d. ; Ilb. packet le, poet free.

rill° BPORTING INVICSTOREL—G.nuIne information 1_ Starting Price Jobs. Said 3s. 6d. Day's Wire ; 18s. 6d Weekly. Result end 6.P. of any Race 'telegraphed Is. ; al Item:Ate and S.?. 28.—ATLIN AND REYNOLDS, 70 High at. Ramsey, N. Telephone NO. W 9, Hornsey. Telegraph' ddress. " Lanolin," London.

pIANO Playing, new and easy methoJ, complete Instruc- tions 6d.—DE VICIIE, 31, Qaeen at.. Deyenport. DOSTCARDtI.—Views, Comic, do. Glazed 6d. per 100. 48. Free.—R. Comt, Moor rd., Beyenoaks, Kent.

AOEN fLEMAN receiving exclusive information will wire one horse daily until 20 points to the good on receipt Of 10s. to prove ability. dend at once to commence season we:Z.—WATSON, 2;.5, Hammersmith rd.. London.

Gbolical Lesont,u, SOUTHPORT, or The Hague Holland, the Popular Turf Agency ; price lists, singles doubles, unsurpassed &wattles small and oaassional Investors send postcard Southport for terms ; men ion paper.

KIM YOURSELF YOUNG I —ashtou's luxuriant toilet cream, an Invaluable remedy for preventing hair turn- ing grey ; prowotes growth, and prevents Our falling oat. camples, Md. and Is. Ifd. post free.-44 fIORTHEMBEELAND PLACE, Bayswater, London, W.

TllBll AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Einops fitted cora- l: pieta and business taught, if you want to make money have a Supper Bar, we hold the largest stock of fittings Ranges. Peelers. Cutters, &cf. List and particulars free.... MABuovre', 71. Paradise it., Liverpool. TROIS MISSION 110051. new, 6011. by 251 t. ; price I delivered and erected, £249; inspection invited ; Iron Churches, Obapels. Mission-rooms, Schools, ito., best work. moderate prices ; designs, estimates, free,--ISAAC DIXON .4.26 Co., Windsor Ironworka, 144 e-bill, Liverpool.

t IVIOIB I OVISNEI 1 I (MINS II i Bakers and Con- k/ tectioners and Pork Butchers, we are in a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for list and full partionlars.—ffiaßßOTTB', 71, Paradise st., Liverpool.

RGOODS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliance. half usual prices ; valuable infor- mation and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples li., or ten assorted 2e. 6d. (worth bs.)—W. it. DOMAN A Co., Manufacturers, Robson rd., West Norwood, London.

WHIST DItIV PRIZ spirit tantalus, 10s. 6d., 14s. 6d. ; oak salad bowls, 13. P.N.S., mounted 11, 6d, 12s. 6d. ; glass ditto, 15s. • oak biscuit barrels, from 4s. 6d.; large assortment of H.P.N.S., sugar and creams, jellies, salts. de. In cases, from 3s. 6d. All at maser's Wee.. Sent on approVal.—AenFonn, 23 Wellington rd., Birmingham.

ILIVISNTOILS, and other,.—We make models of every deacrlption. All experimental w undertaken at a moderate cost. Ne also protect inventions, and place them quickly on the market. We have capitalists who Will take up good Inventions. Advice free.—H, BEMICER A Co., RIK:- Weal an.l Mechanical engineers, Burlington IN arks, 22, Stanley rd.. Leyton.

A JEWhILLIiIt having retired from business, offers the /a. following bargains at greatly reduced prices .-4 ladles' diamond hoop rings, each, £5 10s. ; 6 ladies' dress rings, each, £1 is. ; 6 gents' lc-3t. gold signet rings. each, £l 10s. ; 6 silver linglist; lever watches, each, El 7s. 63. ; 5 curb and padlock bracelets, each, The. to 30..—end P.O. to F. IAYLOR (cash returned within 3 nays if "goods not satisfactory), 13. Insley avenue, West Didsburv.

sGritlinßllitaN, Blind for Five Years, now sees to read any thing; cured himself after every remedy and human skill failed. —Particulars of care free to all Bye Sufferers, LEGGETT, Elm. WistkOh•

GOOD MORNINO, MAlLiedli. Anything wrong with your eyetem ? timid Is. lid. for tichrodeet Corrective Pills, they'li put you right. —SCHRODER EL 00., ManuLtotur- ng °herniate, £46, Horton at.. London. N.

XTO HOME is complete without a box of Dr. Hardens health Pills, for Ellok-headache, Indigestion, Palpitation, ConetipstiOn, Wind, Dizziness, eta., sam pie free. PHOPRIkTORS. 26, Dowsett rd., Tottenham.

STHRILE MARRIAGH.—Its Cameo and Curative Treaty ment. By a late benior Physician to a Hospital for Women. A New Edition. Just published Poet tree 3s. 9d.--eIiaLLEY & CO., LTD., 38, Claceehurcb, it. London'

DR. DAUQUIBIed Back Kidney Pills, is. and 2s. 6d. a box ; Dr. D'Anquier's Special Ladies' Pine, le. and 2s. 6d. a a,post free. Made from successful Frenob formula,. —From Sole Agents, D'AUQUIEII REMEDY Co. la, QOM:LOD it., Manchester.

SUFFHRBRS from gall, bladder, and kidney etones should immediately write for tte scientific and unique book, "The Gall and Kidney stone Treatment without Opera- tion," 2s. post free, from A. HOWARD & Co., 35 Derouda rd., Herne Hit, London, 8.11.

Distior's uour AND idATIO PILE.—A JUI Popolse, Sate, and Certain Remedy. the outcome of 20 !years' suffering and experiment. Wimple box of n post tree. Numerous testimonials.—Geo. R. BUIROP, 21. Aynhoe rd.. West Kensingtoo, W. (Addison rd. Station).

1,,,,GGS FOIL HATCHING from excellent layers; grand C.I type ; breed winner, ; White Wyandotte, ss. per doz. Buff Orpington, 3e. per doz.-3. GLOVER. Pimbo lane, near Wigan.

BoNto ()IMMO for Poultry Keepers, from 21s. 6d. carriage pfd; catalogue, with Instructions for heeling green bone, post free.-6. li.ancilmt, Preaches, Greenfield, Oldham.

C dUPFLY BIaGEI from my noted pedigree, winter V laying strains of Buff Hooks, Buff and White Uri:ow/tons, at 4e. 61. per dozen. Almost everlasting layers. —IBITA&M, Maxfield, Formby.

VGG6.—Eillyer Grey Dorking, Buff Orpington, White 1:Al Leghorn and Black Minorca Bggs from 'very good pens. splendid I.yers. Unfertiles repisced. 3e. 6d. per dozen.—Wrumms, Batley, Oremie.

11.4104 d from silver laced W yandottes with good lacing .121 colour and eize, profitable winter layere, mated with grand cock. winner of several prize 4a. dozen ; unfertiles •placed.--licetke, Sudell rd., Darwen.

BARRONSTOWN 282 egg strain white Wyandotte., acknowledged unequalled as winter egg producers . egg records given, 3s. 6d, dozen ; extra special pen, se. 6d; —Dr. O'Bame, Barroustown House, Dundalk, Ireland.

lUGGS FON HATCHING from Bahibition strains LJ Faverolles, White Wyandottee (Indian Game, Buff Orpington's), (Indian Game Paver°lles), L. Brahmas, 41, dozen. Bend for Catalogue.—BETTS POULTRY FARM, Goostrey, Cheshire.

BL.tOK WIASIDOTrIiti from winners, 3rd Birmingham. and. 3rd Wreznam, 2 reserved ()ewe, 11.0. Palace and Dairy. Guaranteed pure Wyandotte bred. liggs be., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d. ; also silver Pencils and Partridge Cochins, winners Palace, 13erwick, Birmingham, lAverpldt, he. and 75. 6d. per doz. ; unfertiles replaced.—H. St IN, Tailor, Colwyn Bay.

A/Imm WALKI.R, can spare a few IiCKI.6 from his prize _l_ winning pens of gotd and silver laced and white Wyandotte. 3s. 6d. doz., a few black Wyandotte. selected 5.. 6th doz., White Leghorn and Wyanaotte cross 26. doz., packed in egg boxes. The above are selected for winter laying, as well as being prize winners. All open runs, inspection invited.—LowEß COLLEGE POULTRY PARM, Longridge. Preston.

1 CLARK, Holly Bank, Heathfield, Sussex, can now N.J. supply white WYANDOTTE RUGS at 10s. 6d., 7s. 64., and ss. per doz. His pens now include the following winners : first, Palace, Hayward. Heath, Birmingham, and Club Show. York, 1907 ; Horsham, 1905 ; second, Folke- stone ; third, Edmonton, Walthainstow. Cufertiles replaced once ; orders. in rotation.

11.4100 S for SITTING. Draper's Poultry Farm. Our stock is selected and bred [torn the best laying strains. We offer eggs to the public from the following pure breeds Buff and White Orpington., Partridge and White Wyandottes, Barred Ply mouth Rocks, Black, White and Brown Leghorns, Black Minorcas and Houdans, best first crosses Black Mlnorcas and ifoudan, Houdan and Buff Orpingtons, ['louden and White Leghorn, Indian Runner Duct. All eggs one price, 2s. 6d. per dozen at home. If packet and put on rail in boa. Sr.—Please note the address : HENRY DRAPRES, 205, Newton rd., Lowton, near Newton-le-Willowe. No busine as done on Sunday.

T)HOUGHAM, very light, high olais, rubber tyres, by lilppoa Bros., York; take pony and gig part exchange ; this is a bargain seldom met with. —PROPR mon, Pavilion Hotel, ciouthport.

()N $ ALAS.—NEW GOOD ; Business relinquished ; Builder's Cart, trarmer's Or with harvert gears, Coal oart,Lurry ta carry 6 torta,Croseley's Gad ilingine. —Apply 17, ORFORD RD.. Warrington.

BARGAINS. Genre and Ladles' 1908 Imperial Cycle, fitted with two roller rim brakes,ball free-wheel, Whaps - hare tyres, beautifally lined in two colours, not soiled, Ist, clots machines. £3 19a. 91. only. First cheque secures, approval.—A. PHIPPe, Provost at, Porcilagbri

COLESS, CYCLES, CYCLIIIB.—We are offering 500 of our high-grade, seven-guinea 19)8 cycles at £3 l9s. 81. each, simply as an advertisement.Beauti fully plated enamelled and lined, two rim brakes, free wine!, plated rim• and spokes and guaranteed tyres. A really goon, well-built, and highly finished machine. Sent carriage paid on receipt of .ash with order.—OARDITF CYCLE: Co., King's rd., Cardiff.

IOVIIINTRY Ll3l—Mott marvellous bargain ever offered V 'Gents' high-grade 1908 Oycle ; absolutely no new ; ball bearing. free-wheel, two roller lever rim-brakes. silver-pleted rime, pneumatic tyres (not soiled), beautifully enamelled, lined and plated, mudguards, and all access, r lee complete ; Oath urgently required ; will sacrifice for E 3 12e. 6d. worth double; approval before cash sent,-12. HUSBAND, 30, Alma et., Weston- gaper-Mare.

11101.11.-tdarvellous sacrifice. Gent's New 1907 MACHINE 5,./ highest grade, fitted with Clincher tyres, Orabbe ro her lever front and bulk rim brakes, the very latest. Perry's ball-bearing tree wheel, plated rims coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame, mudguards ; magnificent machine, not coiled; complete with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, etc. ;E4 2s. ; greet bargain, worth double. Will send on approval any distance before cash sent.—M. HOUBF, Rt. Madge, Pdprean Weston-super-Mare

FOR HOAR THAN TWRNTY F! Vii TSARS THOUsANDS OP LADIES HAVs DERIVBD GRRAT BENSPIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FRMALR HAVit HAD A WORLD-W/DE EIIPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetlte,Hysterla,Palpltation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90., 18.10. 2s. 94.45. 6.1. and it,. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION MIL A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Coin. plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W. (Only Address).

QuuTHPoice MUDISEN SCHOOL—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-class education Staff Includes 8.A., B.Sc., F. 0.8., Alue. Bee etc. Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. and Rifia Range. Foreign boys received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER.

EVENING TUITION.—Mr. James Walsh, St. Benedict's, Orford-lane, Warrington. has a vacancy for one Pupil. Preparation fur Oxford and Cambridge Loc•I, College o Preceptors, and all other examinations. Terms moderate.

R. BRNKST W ILK M., Professor Of JL Music, Organist and Chowroanter of St. Paul's Churoh, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY% COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FOR3I. Upwards of 100 Certlflaates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-coanual organ for pupils' praotice.—For tcrms apply 134, LovELI LLNE and LEGH BE.. Warrington.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR ticaooL. FEB E 4 4e. AND £5 5.. PER TERM. THE NEX ' TERM BEGINs TUESDAY. APRIL 28Ta. HNTRANCE I,XAMINATION, MONDAY, APRIL 27TH PROSPECTIIbES FORMS OF APPLICATION. ac.,may be had at the behoo; The Boarding HOU In cenceetion with the School is situated In Higher Broughton. OWBN W. COX, Receiver.

STUDY IN THE .EVgNIV GS. Many men in high positions have laid the founda- tions of their success by wise employment of spare time. YOUTHS, 14-22 YEARS, LADIES, 15-20 YEAItS. Government,Appointments are still open to you. Further, you can do all the preparation necessary to secure one without interfering with your present daily employment. The system of sending LESSONS IiTEAIGHT TO THE HOB has been perfected by MERRY'S coudiala, and now hundreds of pupils yearly win lucrative poste under Government by this means. SHERRY'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. will send you a Guide to Government Appointments, post free.

STOCKTON LODGE HIG SCHOOL, STOCKTON H If RATH, WARRINGTON (3 minute,' fr.)ou Oar Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOREGIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL, FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. The next term will commence on Thursday January 16th. PROSPECTUS, References and Views on application to MISS PARTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

OXFORD AND CAMBRIDGE LOCALS SPECIALLY REDUCED FEES, FOR JULY OXFORD OR CAMBRIDGE-2 2 0, FOR DECEMBER CAMBRIDGE-.£4 4 0. ALL SUBJECIS INCLUDED. Tummy TILL EXAM. IMMEDIATE APPLICATION MUST BE MADE, KERRY'S COLLEGE, S, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

QIXTY HOUSSS and SHOPS situated in the best parts of kj liariestown. Will be sold in twos or threes to snit purchasers. No arrears of rent. —A. W. KENYON (Owner), Brighton House. Roshulme, Manchester.

TO INVBSTORS.—Hquity (A 48 substantially built well let weeklies. One lot or separately. Best eituatiOn round Manchester. Near oars and qtation, Gross rental £922 71. Price £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW, Boleston Rouse, Pallowfleld. ManoheeLer.

/ lANAD A.—Advertiser, returning shortly,requires Partner, Vi about £3O), for established Business ; guaranteed ; fullest investigation.—Box 5363, BHARROW k THATCHER, Holborn place, London, W.C.

SMALL AND SAFH INVIitITNINNTS.- BEND FOR PARTICULARS (ID. POT-csaD), CUNLIFFIJ. RUBSBILL & 00., Est. 1888. 10 AND 12. PLACE DE LA BoURsE Rims.

CANADA. vkr HAT IS £2O TO YOU? INVHST IT IN Larti in rising Canadian Town, and mee what will retura you. For particulars apply to Nissorg, 37,Frortolk at., Strand, London.

PBS 1,101 CIiNT, —A. gentleman. having an old-established I country business, is open to receive INVHSTMBNTS of small sums, ant guarantees 10 per Cent. interest thereon. Chartered accountant's references.—Addreas A, Bix 5340 cio BakRROW & TIILTOHER,HoIborn Plano* London.

TO OHNTLIIHRN, Tradesmen and Others.—Two COBS 1 for private sale, Prince, 14 hands, 5 yesrs ; Kitty, 14-2 hands, 8 years; both Welsh bred. Sound, quiet and good workers in all harries and very fast. Prices £2O and £25 or offers. Their harness, light lorry, trap with rubbers on. No dealers need apply.—ears. A.STLEY, Laurel Villa, 70, Windsor rd., Southport.

INFLUENZA. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Most efficacious against INFLUEI'IZa. DR. J. COLLIS; BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, InyaluableZfer rOUGHS) COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, N EURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original aan be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept' an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS TEE NAME Is. lad., is. pd., 4s. 6d.:the:pricet. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S ‘AHLORODYNE Used with greatest success daring the great Influenza Epidemic Year.

50 iNne‘Hur.ePd., Itlgt.,BsY°ln Lspi leljnijd C)coiriLdhittioratndanbdigetnit, seen working here; very cheap. OEO h • ToNaa, 74, Blackfrtars-rd., balford.

FFIC FOR PATENTS, 4, ST. ANN'S SQUAR3, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES Sz SON, CHARTERED PATENT A4RNTS. ESTABLI.REDnt 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6D. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE 111

91)0341AT0 PLANTS. Tomato Plants. Tomato Plants.- I.bans strong, well rooted and hardened off plants in pots. many showing flower, for cold houses ; positively best plants In market; send postcard for prices and full particu- lars ; seed direct nom Carters, Sunrise, Tucks woods, Chemin Rouge, Up-to-date.—N. TIV3tFORD, dunny bank Nursery, Seiner, Derbyshire.

O CAPITALISTS.—Reguired. Sleeping Partner. with L £30,000 capital, for we! -known Machine works near Halle (Germany), producing up-to— iate specialities Patented in all the principal countries, and in great demand at home and abroad. Excellent testimonials. 7 per cent. Interest guaranteed. Ample security ; personally inspected. —For full particulars apply by letter, A. 11019.4.11 D & Co., 35, Deronds rd., Herne Hill, Ei.E. NO FEES! NO FINES I! NO PUBLICITY I.! I p 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCRO DAILY, in 06, STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable Householders. Tradespeople, Parmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promissory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CO. 25 Cairo at , Sankey et.. Warrington ; also at 10, Greenwood: St., Altrinchatn. Head Office: 329, Waterloo rd.. Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

CitISH ALICUMMUDAiIUiI £lO 'l2u £1,103. 1 Loan £lO repay £ll Si. Loan £5O repay £56 Si. Loan £2O repay £22 10a. Loan £lOO repay £ll2 10s. Loan £3O repay £33 15e. Loan £2OO repay £225. IV JACKSO N, 43, CITY HO., CHESESE V V • Branch Office, 7,$T. NARK'S Tl3BliAll B. Wrexham. MONEY LENT ON THESE TERMS WITHOUT SURBTIBS. 1 LOAN £2 BIIPAIC £2 5 0 LOAN £lO BBPAY Ell 5 0 LOAN £3 RI3PAY £3 7 6 LOAN £2O RIIPAY £22 10 0 LOAN £5 RNPAY £5 12 6 LOAN £3O SI4PAY £33 15 0 W. JACKSON, 36 CROSFIBLO STREW,. WAILSINGION.

tgnrOramtner LLc• THE WARRINGTON & MID-oHRtrtilitH KX/LIINH4 ' s pl,Ni-1,6,1 every S,torday mornmx The p. 'newel . and the ithiett Weekly P.per ,or warringtou, Stockton Heath Veilsetn, itivelek Puigate, Iv turn, lc., It one of tn.- Largest and Best deekly Pap. re to I.eliee- *Wee and • "...shire. The Ms, riot covere by this Paper com- prise. a .age tracimg and agri.lultutal tract in r. outi) Lanca- shire and Mid-'Thesnire 'rr BB RUNCORN 10( tMlNfilt, published every 'Corday ; met In.:. It is toe hest weekly paper in the Town and Distrtet and offers the best and cheapest faelittles to Advertisets TNB W ifS EXANLI`i KR. pubshed every oatorday nict nn.g. Widnes contains the largest, number of chemical works of ane town in the Kingdom. and is rapidly growing centre of industr,. rrHB HA • LKSIOWN A.t= D fft<WTON s.)cAlxit NER, publhhe • every Saturday morning The Largest Leval Paper containing the News of Hariestoan. Newton-1e- Golborne, tiasdock Lowton &o Itt district thus • eonprteed Li a 11:10Xt important part of toe Lancashire. cii Beide 9,H8 ST. H 141,108 RR 011 tv mu. suitl'obed every .1 Saturday morning ,Arculaling In St. thlens, Preston Parr. Button, Peaslev U-ass, &o.—the °tare of the tirelt • Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. • pREPAID A 1371:1-ainh.NIENIS APARTMSNTS WANTbD. 1101.71143 WANTED. APA,I7IIII4NTS TO LIST. HOU aWI '.lO Bit SOL,O. ARTIOLIiS LOSt. MICIHLLA'ie:OUS ,gstsflrS ABTIOTAS FOUND. MIS iBLLANHOUS SALH One Thret ritz Thirteen Fiords. Week, Weeas. Week • Week, 18 ... Os. 6d. ... It. 31. ... Is. Od. Bd. • 117 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. led. ... 38 Od ss. Od. 36 ... la. Od. 2s. 6d. ... Os. Id. 6s. td. 45 Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. 6s. Od. 7s. OS. 64 ... le. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. fis Od. 10s. Od. . _ _ THE 14_; XAM. IN E 311.RCIFI Elet, 1908.

YOUNG CENTENARIAN . and OCTOGENkRIANS "A Man is as Old as he Feels.", Aged people command the interest and respect of us all. In our venerable friends who speak here, telling theirk story in a way that cannot fail to impress us with its truth and sincerity, the spark of life seems to burn as brightly as ever it did. NEARLY 104. BIDEFORD MAN OF 89. Yet Still Nimble and Healthy, in Full Mr. Thomas C. Jenkins, of 4i, High- Possession of All Her Faculties. street, Bideford, is 89 years of age. He says : " I have a great deal to thank Doan's ---- Backache Kidney Pills for. Before I used Mrs. Bursnell,of Skillington,near Grantham. them my back was so weak and painful that reaches the marvellous age of 104 on April I could-hardly move. How to get up from a 9th next. Speaking to a representative, she - chair I didn't- know— said : " Seeing my great age, lam wonder- it was simply agony. , fully well, for I feel as bright and nimble as Now I ran jump up • s. ever I did. I have been getting up in the :' -•;;;;O -/Al, 7/ s%'l ." and down as nimbly „. . stoppae of . .. _ , "I have been under two operations fo r i- ' , ;-/,., - / , /.1,/: ~:t..-,., • • ..-i+iii . gki / dney ,//'At,'...'eftv, , - ..:,,,...'“,ii secretions, but I never ' gq '''4.'e suffer now as I used ''t'l ''.'. . 'A A to. It is wonderful '''' - • ' ' .4 that Doan's Pill s 3lr. JENKINS. ~:illt:tolyiiir-.-, /010.11,,,,:A7a*,tq,i should do so much in his 90th year. kr, ,o,4,oe4relinial e .+Reiii, for an old man like me- thoagli I don't feel ~ 4,, /liili I anything like icy age." ..0.- ' , I *Fire and a hall years later Mr. Jenkins . -14,•;,-,4:::_y • , ill ,- . e AKII I wrote : "I am still as well as ever, and 7 " ''-- ''. ritd:%. ijt ,_ _:, .. . 1„ , , i 1.,, / have put in a busy day doing up my little bit of garden. I shall not forget to take my to-night, because they keep my '—'33/// ~,,,,-• • back so strong and well." LONDON MAN OVEk 88. , Mrs. BUR.SNE LI, in her 104th year, M. John Cox -e, • - Williams, of 10, morning just after five, digging in the garden • - -1-;" --, Chapel-road, -that will just show how well I am since W es t Norwood, ~..ue:i. . Doan's Backache Kidney Pills made my '-'w. -- London', SE., is back strong and.well, and relieved me of the , , . ~.. • ..if i• nearly 89 years of other kidney troubles from which I used to s, . 't i .0 f A one and is enjoy- suffer. My hearing and my memory are good . t ing wonderfully and I can actually see to sew without 1 W' 4 good health. He spectacles. I still take Doan's Backache • ~.. 114,0,,,,A4 , say s : " E ver Kidneys Pills now and then, they are such a / ‘4O/110r ..,,i;ji,;yb i' i • since I used blessing tome." `t;.;,.‘, ',;°. , i''',"."'_....„,„4"beil Doan's Backache A , ' • /. • S.'.',\ ' , ' ' ~./'./;,,, % kidney Pills I - , , ,A:-.', -N,,,,, , , have kept remark- . - ' './1/1' As we grow older, the kidneys naturally ably well. When become more liable to get behindhand with ever I have had their great work of filtering the uric acid Mr. WILLIAMS that dig in the in kis poison from the blood. The first sign of 89th year. back which used kidney trouble should be treated at once with to bother me so, Doan's Pills have never Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, for this failed to give me relief. special kidney medicine soothes, cleanses, " Considering that I am nearly 89, my and heals the -kidneys, helping them to filter health is wonderful. lam looking forward to out the liquid poisons which cause disease. the fine weather, so that I can get to work in the garden again." THE Of all chemists and stores, 2s. 9d., per box; 6 boxes 13s. 9d. or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street OLDFOLKS' Oxford-street, London, W. Ask for DOAN'S—and hove FRIEND ?Mr .4t,--, .--- ---- ------"---, 0, ~ I, . . i.,vAity, .DoanS ' 0 k If you hare Kidney Trouble send this Coupon and Id. stamp for FREE SAMPLE BOX. of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills. Address: Foster 3lcCiellan, Co., 8, 1 Wells St., Oxford St , Londca, W. , Old Folks, ) 7 ' t.:a. 's DOcINS_ ;,'"'" BACKACHE F• ' • KIDNEY PILLS —,-- ---.(..- 4 , t * •11.4 Backache - I • .4 ~ . : ,•--, Vdriecy, ••• • . . I .PNYASCo:s. '' . \- f.), t •tttqcstfnommut‘uttl .--,, f. ..., VW \\\\\\:l\\

CHILDREN II SLEEP WELL when they are healthy and their food is doing its proper work. THE BEST FOOD IS Neavels Food which for more than 8o years has ap helped to preserve and build up the young life of the Country. When prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and assimilated • by the most delicate Infant and forms A COMPLETE DIET. In 1/. & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets.

DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS Arela new remedy, vs hiah have a marvellous ealect in cu.:ng Ilackacne, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, an ail clisease3 of the Kidneys, Sze. If you seer rake one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses out will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain y Backache, &c. WI-Le at once enclosing Crstamps forone F3Xor 33 !lamp; or 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO. 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHwA RAC, LONDON, SE,

EVERY TUESDAY during DECEMBER, JANUARY and FEBRUARY we will give away SIX SYLENDID 14 OOTBALLS for the .8:x most interesting Postcards , v 3 receive during the preceding week. YOU CAN PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either A GOOD jORE, STORYETTE, CONUNDRUM, PUZZLE, SKETCH, or anything else th,t von think is interesting—ANYTHlNG BUT A LIMERICK—sod if your postcard is among the SIX best i eceived in the week in which it is sent, you will receives FOOTBALL. To every competitor, be he or she PRIZE WINNER or not, will be sent a sample bottle of MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE. ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY: Newball & Mason, NoZtingham. Good! It's Mason's Coffee Essence.

230 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES. For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has een kept in one Family. Its curative action is wcnderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin, In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cute& even when doctors have despaired. Frae for 145tamp5. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

9 32,11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. THE NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. P•m• Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40,12 25, 1 30, 2 45, - 45, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,18 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, A LIFE-SAVING SUIT. a Saturdays only. NORTHERN UNION CUP-SECOND ROUND. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58,11 7 a.m. 1 15, A Norwegian inventor has patented • a su!t al 41, 29, 2 55, 3 34, 422 b 5, 35, 63, 645, 7 35,9 47, of clothes which will protect its wearer ! 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 2 59,. 719 p.m. Psainst drowning. The clothes are lined Y itq.l.*Hunslet a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. a non-absorbent material made of sPeciallY- *Hull Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, prepared vegetable fibre, which, without Wakefield Trinity 1 2 8 *Batley 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 38 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 2 0 4 4 20, 4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays being too heavy, will effectively hold up the *Leigh 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays weight of a man in the water. Twelve ounces *Barrow 4ll 41 Bramley excepted. b Mondays only. of the new material will, it is claimed, save a Warrington Sankey-7 5,7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 35 a.m.12 36 person from sinking. *Merthyr *Broughton Rang. 3 4 18 Wigan ELECTRIFIED BY SUN AND MOON. Observations made on the Pie du Midi, in the Pyrenees, confirm the results previously obtained at lower altitudes, which shew that both the sun p.nd the moon induce a positive electric charge on the earth. The solar charge varies from one to six volts per minute, according to the state of the atmo- sphere. It is absorbed by clouds and by layers of moist air. The full moon induces a positive electric induction analogous to that caused by the sun.

1 INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS ! 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. October Bth, 1906. Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you of the great benefit r that have received from your Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have been a great sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I have recommended your pills to all I have come into contact with, and shall always speak very highly of them. lam NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN THE HOUSE. You can make what use you like of this state- ment, which is strictly true. Yours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle Is. lid. and 2s. Od. or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London EADE'S GOUT & Ri

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! H.M.S. Leander, Davenport, November 30th, 1907. Dear Sir.—During the past six months we have had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and whilst hoisting in and out ocean tngs, copper punts and other small crafts, I contracted several chill one after the other, which finally settled in my legs and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of a submerged torpedoltube,and sprained both ankles. I was placed on the sick list and given the usual naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing your advertisement, I determined to try your famous Gout Pills, and after taking a few doses they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared and my legs are as strong as ever again. Yours Respectfully, G. SWACKENHAMMER. Q.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all print's matter, and are highly restorative. old everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, it sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Porprieor, GEORGE EADE, 232,:G05we1l road London. [EUMATIC PILLS.

'--------- FURNISH THE HOME WITH BENSON'S EVERLASTING _, t 66 _._,. , 1_,..., 1 PLATE. , "Empire," Plate is trebly \ plated on the finest Nickel Silver. It can only he distinguished from Ster- ling Silver by the absence of the Hall 5%%% \ ~, „) , /J , 1 I i \w.)/(,,,,,r, ? Mark, and excels in quality and value i, „,v,,, \ , , all other makes of Electro-plated ware. I :..., 0 A \ \\\\ 1 , 1111 , 1 ~ ~ • ~,, e... , ~,,,,,, ' 11 1:,;! -\____.---- ' 41 I. 17 some in appearance and an ornament to the table. It is true economy to buy " Empire " Plate, which retains its lISNSON V= LOCAT HILL. original colour and appearance even m, after many years of exceptionally hard service. At the 1862 Exhibition " Empire " Cases and Canteens of Spoons and Forks, . or Cutlery, &c., from £3:12. Plate was awarded Prize Medals for excellence of manufacture, and it still See Illustrated Book No. .?, post free. retains that pre -.eminence for : --"-kor. ~ . - 0-7' . whilst the prices are, quality con- r - ---=..:,-- dered, the lowest. -, si \ ;' -.."---,---"" "_ c_ (._ , ----i-_- ..--;-. -----, . , ;•• " " - . • .. '''' ,' 1-,;- ' ',•-.0,4' —. OB.TAIZB.LE If _• , -, ging elllttS ,-, , SYSTEM OF , , . ' ' • ' ..- ,''• ( (,‘ ' . MONTHLYt; . , PAYMENTs-, . - At Cash Prices / .. ''t "' - ' ILLUSTRATED No. 1 d , Jeweof 'Watches, Chains, anllery. THE " PORTLAND" SET. AS the 3 pieces. BOOKS No. 2, of "Em pire" Plate, r Clocks, Bags, and Silve Many other Designs are given in Illustrated Book F R E E . Articles for Presents. Ku. 2, post free. Mention this Paper. ~ J. W. BENSO N 9 Ltd., 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL LONDON, E.C.

Familiar Quotations pregnant with meaning are being handed down from one generation.to another. Many examples might be quoted, and their applicability to the subject of health noted. For example, "Forewarned is forearmed." • • Directly symptoms of a disordered Stomach appear, that is "the warning," and all the "arming" that is necessary is a box of BEECHAM'S PILLS. "A stitch in time saves nine." BEECHAM'S PILLS will quickly arrest any disposition to Stomach, Liver, or Kidney trouble. "Worth a Guinea a Box • • This is another familiar quotation but applying specially to BEECHAM'S PILLS. These enjoy a popularity that can be claimed by no other ' preparation: and the last named expression has become proverbial because thousands of people all over the world have benefitted by the , use of the medicine to which it refers. For really buoyant health—free- dom from ache or pain—a system attuned alike to work or pleasure—take "• EEcHAm,s ILLS. 2 ' •

THE NEW LIQUID FURNITURE POLISH makes furniture like new. "V I V 'I Outshines all Furniture Creams. Removes all Germs. Does not finger mark. ed. & V- a bottle. Of all House Funtzshers, Iromnoncers 6. Stores..

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONThissuccessful po- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of blood, spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofj oints, kidney,idadder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischattes, piles, gravel, painsin bacic, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, Sic. Three forms, Nos.l, 2& 3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars Id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stock Road,Hampstead, London,& principal Chemists.

\-$ ethi°7l;mlz „..ye eas CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROOBINC AND SOON ;CORD The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Sotteurs and Removes all hard callosities on th soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box. y• u will sever regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham. , AM not a Doctor. lam not 1. Quack. I don't sell Medicine, Nile Ointment, nor Electrical Appliances. But if you Buffer from Eczema (Wet, Dry, or Weeping). Bed Legs, Old Sores, Dirty Sh .ve, Ring- worm, or nay kind of skin Trouble, send a stamped addressed envelope to Li:lra:span. WeYsorr, Jeweller, r- Nos. I, 15,25 Grainger facade, Neweastle.on.Tyne.

CKEATINGS ----- .1. TINS . lip 10ZENGES: CURE THE WORST COUGH

THE WANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS Ho More SOFT LINSaI when Starched Used in the Royal laundries. Should be wised in every house.: ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. 744. • The gresteet boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish ." to Starched Linen, Laces, etc. It does not stick to spider-web like materials. sold by Grocers, Chemists. Stores. etc in packets at 1d.,.3c1., and 6d. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, CHEM I .11` BLACKBURN.

Hoopiii_COUGH ._ CROUP miliiimmo I The Celebrated Effectual Cure without InternaLMedicine ROCHE' Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacions in cases of. BRONCHITIS, Lunumuo and RHEUMATISM Price fla. per Bottle. of all ehentiata. W. F,DWAR Tl 5 & SO,, 157, Queen Victoria St,London. Eng.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS. PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its eilacts are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all rafts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL SKIN &BLOOD MSEISEI I Of all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per bottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.
