===== 0002601_19080530_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
13 0L D ST R E T WESLEYAN CHURCII. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 31srr, 190 S. Monism 10.30: MR. P. WRIGHT. FVENING 6.33: Rev. 11 J. GAWNI4. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

E S Y ROAD IVHSLEYAN CHURCH TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 31r. Morning 10.30 Iticv. SIDNEY PITT. Evening 6.30 : Rey. WILLIAM MEILLOR. All Weleo:ne, Hymn Books provided.

WY CUM: CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BEWSEY BTRIIRT, WARRINGTON. TC-MORROW (Sinmey), MAY 31sT, 1908. 103): REV. J. FORGE. 6.3): REV. J. F. MATTHRW3. USUAL OFFRRTORIRS.

AATY CLIF FE P.S. A., WARRINGTON.

OPEN MEETING TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 31AT, 1903, AT 5 P.M, CHAIRMAN: MR. W. ROBERTN, J.P. PPELIEZR : MR. J. HAMMON (Liverpoc,l). :301,0191'9 : MR. J. WILLETT, MR. N. COOK, MR. P. WALKER. COLLECTION FOR P B.A. 1117141D3.

SOC/ALIST CAMPAIGN. Air R. WILLIAM C. ANDERSON (LAI:WITH CANDIDATE roll HYDE.)

WILL SPEAK AT BRIDGE FOOT TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY) AT 1.30 P.M. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AC 11 A.M. AD 7.0 P.M, QUESTIONS INVITED.

Availability.

June 5 & 8 June 5, 6.8. 12 & 13

111 South Coast Watering t 1 ,1 Places, , }London (Hinton) {York, Poarboro', New. ) , castle ,t other stations LTorth-liastern Line, ... ) South and Central Wales

Tune 6

June 5 & 8 June 8.9, 10, 11,

andl2 June 5, 8 & 8 June 5.10 & 11, June 6,8, and' every week- day during Whit-week

Southport

June 6, 6 & 8...

June 6,8, 10, 11 12 ft 13 June 6,8, 9, 10, 11, 12 & 13 June 6

June 5 ....... June 6. 6,8, 9 0, 11,12 & 13 June 6 & 8

June 6 a 8 1

1 5,8, 11, or 15

3, 4 or 8 dap.

' various. various..

one day.

yarlona. Spec- ial day trip on Whit-Monday.

various. 5, 8 or 15 L 16, 8, 11 or 15 daye. ,varinua,

various.

: 3 or 4 days. I one day. one day.

varloua.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Od it

===== 0002601_19080530_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
3i- -20 ib it he

fr. ot Lid 135' at

xrt- 11t5 List. )tal. ing

I

art get of lief uch

rN, ,

tell uoa :ori oils tor- :hty*

I

Ceg alorl 3t,r

LOIS rol4Cirke 05131

, .

===== 0002601_19080530_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SUITS LENGTHS 9S. TO 263.

SMAUT SUITS TO MHASURH 23e. TO 465. STYLISH SHLUCTIONZGOOD YAM—PATTERNS FREE. LUY DIRECT. BRIERLRY AND CO. MANUFACTURERS. RTATION bT., HUDDRRSFIBLD.

COKE.-ON AND MEE JUNE IFr THE PRIOR OF C0K.14 at Longfo.d Gas Worke will be at the rate ot 13e. 4d. per ton.

HOLID AYS

- IN THa OLD WORLD CITIES OF TEE ZUYDER ZEE

AND OTHER INTER- ESTING PARTS OF HOLLAND.

REBUILDING. TO YOUNG COUPLES AND OTHER 3 REQUIRING FURNITURE. With a view of Clearing our Stook to lave removal, we hare deoided to OFFER THE WHOLE OF IT AT SPECIALLY EXTRA REDUCED PRICES. J. RUNTRR & CO. have a reputation eisoond to none for really Reliable FURNITURE it a moderate cost. Come and see for youreelvea how you can save money. No Ileasonable Offer Refused. T HUNTER & Co. t) • 14, 18, 18, BT. MAIMS PAII9ONAGII, ANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CIL

LIMITED.

Are now showing choicest designs in

===== 0002601_19080530_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTWEAR.

- - - See windows for special display of Novelties for the season. SMARTEST STYLES. LOWEST PRICES.

UNDER THE CLOCK, lie BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

E3TABLISHED ,t 1838.

RICHARD JEFFREYSI 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, lIRAME MASER AND PRINT einura. A Large Assortment of Framed Piotnresomitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, ;School Prises, !se. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS Intl HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSEITI, and BUM:IR-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUOTIONE OF PICTURES IN ÜBE/NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT.

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS' From Anoirigana IVIOI(7ISUFIELD, Tel. 350 y. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In fled or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. Gcl, Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on appli cation.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH 4S& WALKER

ARE NOW SHEVVING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR SPRING WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 3823 Y. MARKET orirrE, minnlamorrom.

STEAM STEAM

===== 0002601_19080530_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGINE REPAIRS CASiENCINE REPAIRS BOILER REPAIRS MACHINERY REPAIRS

LTraction Engine Repairs.

IRON CASTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS.

Motor Car and

===== 0002601_19080530_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Eniqiiricanire;ran_

Electrical

E. FORS H/ t SON

===== 0002601_19080530_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MERSEY EU Mersey St., Warrington.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS.

liE STREET

For' BOWUNG _GRE

TELEPHONE NO. 123.

Vagritultural Probure, plat, Szt

50 PACKETS Home-grown PRIZE SEEDS, Flower or Vegetable, post fre4, Is. A.ents wanted.—RUTTOß'S LTD., Romford-0., London.

A UTUMN Sown Leeds Market Cabbage Plants,Manotiester 13. Red, strong stuff, 21. 6d. per 1,003, free on rails for HORNCR, Market Gardener, Seam% Near Leeds.

19 BRAUTIFUL Carnations, Bedbraes (white with purple edge). 2e. ; 15 Seed ing Carnations mixed, will bloom abundantly, Is., all post free.—L. BRIMLEV, Welling- ton et., Bedford.

1-(BYNIC3• DAHLlA.a.—Strong sturdy plants of every sort worth growing now ready : illustrated catafoßues giving prices, description and cultural hints gratis.—KEYNES, WILLIAMS & Co., Dahlia Specialists, Salisbury.

Orfttratfrn.

QCHOOL of Domestic Economy. Happyhome forladleas k.. 7 practical training In Housewifery, Cooking. &a. Pro- peeing of Principal.—GLIDEWELL HOUBE.OliftAtivilLeMargate.

t—losiFoßrants HOME-SCHOOL for girl.; thorough V education ; healthy country ; every cure. 4 guineas quarterly incluslre.—BatonruoLmtc, Hazel wove. Cheshire

A BIBLREIDH VACATION COURSH (Lake District). 11. JuTY, Arigust, 1908. Subjects includs Woos, Meta!, ttepoust(,, Carving, Design, Brush awl Blackboard Drawing, Leatt.etwork, Cardboard, Modelliag. Kindergarten, Nature Study, Cookery, Laundry, Sec. Re,oznlseci certifi- cates obtainable, Acc3rnmodatlon provided.--,Tos. rummes, Elotbay Holme, Ambleside,

MISS EDITH BIRCIIALL.—VioIin and piano. Pupils prepared for the Royal Academy and Incorporated Eoeiety'a nxamination3.—Hol Ty Lodge, Froghall ane, Warrington.

QOUTFIPORT MODERN SCHOOL—AN IDEAL kJ SCHOOL FOR BOIN. Firat-cliss education. Staff includes B.A. B.Sc., P.0.W., mrs, ,tc. swimming. Glymnasties. Cadet Company. and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Prorpectue horn HEADMASTER.

Al E. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.Nf., Professor Of I Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Pauli Chureb, PIANO, ORGAN. THEORY, HARMONY. COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 10) Certifiaates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large tbree-manual organ for pupils' praeLioe. —For terms ,apply 134, LOVELY LINE and LECIII BT., Warrington

QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON kj HICATH.WARRINGTON (3 minutes frum Oar Termlnu• DAY AND BOARDING} SCHOOL YON GIRLS, KINDHSGARTNN. PREPARATORY ECHOOL FOE BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident staff sod Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes In Examinations. PLLOSPROTUS. References and Views on application to MISS PARTINCITON. PRINCIPAL.

NATIONALTELEPHOW NUM g,K,I, 4-it_.7v # 1,4,,.' ~, • , J ~,,,,:eit,,,Lco , 1E) S i AU / e 7, ii %_-, . . 61— IA t•, WOR.L.D RENOWNED 'l' tv. I INI' c-c 4))( 0, u, —i- ' 4.t-etk,• (-Q- -t.; :If Gi t ..,....• ..,:ENS. ~..... ..,..... , '-' 46 • ...,7J- ...,,5.,(,..., 42.SACKVIV r MANCHESTER.

T, • Ner • . • •

P

?Ng. - • • -c. - 4 --„t 1.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Itiatrimong

it ATRINIONIAL PO 3T and FAS HIONABLB MARRIAUB ADVERTBER.—Batabllobed ball a century ; lb,ooo marriages arrange. Larger than all the Matrimonial Agencies In the world combined. sealed envelope sd. with cirmlar 9d.— EDITOR (Room W. 9.) 12 Trafalgar Buildings Northumberland Avenue, London,W.O. Distance immaterial.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
I

• • • , .

k.

• •4%,'.. •

••1-

===== 0002601_19080530_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S Patelt SELF—RAISING FLOUR_ MIMED.

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

TO DISTINGUISH IRON AND STEEL PIPE. Iron and steel pipe may be readily distin- guished by a flattening test, according to statemente made at the meeting of the Ameri- can Society of Heating and Ventilating En- gineers. Soft steel pipe, cat in very short Lengths or rings, flattens smoothly and evenly without breaking, while wrought iron pipe usually fractures at two or more places when flattened.

COLOURS THAT PRODUCE DARKNESS. If we look through a blue glass we see all objects blue, and if we look through a red glass we will see all objects red, but if we look throtigh both at the same time, and the blue and the red are pure colours, we will not see a combination of red and blue, that is, violet; but no light will pass at all, and the two classes together will look deep black. The reason is that ths blue glass allows no light to pass except blue, while the red glass allows none to pass except yed; the net re- sult being that nothing gets through at all.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOON TO WORK-GIRLS. Chas. Farcle's Bile Beans Cure Again.

Chas. Forde's Bile Beane owe their extraordinary cpularity, as a family medicine, very much to the great boon they are to working people, whom they keep in splendid condition for their duties. From the hardest worked male labourer down to the daintiest lady cleik, all benefit by Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. " For about three years," said Miss Eva AL Fry, a clerk in the post office at 328, Hackney- road, London, "the pain I constantley bad at try chest was excruciating. I was afraid to eat my ' meals, because I was so stifled afterwards. I would have fits of dizziness, and darkness before my eyes that caused me great anxiety in carrying out my duties. Indigestion was the chief cause of all my misery. I cannot express how glad I was that I tried Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. This wonderful medicine cured me entirely, and completely changed my life for the better." The original world.famed Chas. Forde's Bile Beans are sold by all chemists, in boxes, Is. I Id. and 2s. 9d., and can,also be obtained at same price from Bile Bean Mfg. Co, 45, Cow Cross Street, London, B.C. _

===== 0002601_19080530_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

A Cabinet Minister's Wedding.—Mr. McKenna, the first Lord of the Admiralty, is the second Cabinet Minister in the present Ministry to marry during his term of wedding with Miss Jekyll is fixed for June 3rd, and will take place at St. Mergarets, Westminster, in the presence of Mr. and Mrs. Asquith, and a large circle of Parliarcentaty friends. In one respect Mr. Mc Kenna is more fortunate than the Lord Chancellor, who was married last autumn. lie can spend his honeymoon a here he likes, a privilege denied to the keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord

Chancellor, who is required never to leave ihe kingdom during his tenure of otlice. lle is supposed alwa3s to have the seal in his personal custody, and as this is required to be attired to high documents of State, the business of the realm would be brought to a standstill

during his absence abroad. Lady Irene Denison's Debut.-- Lord and Lady Londesborough's dinner and ball at St. Dunstan' s Lodge on June Ist, in honour of the debut oi Lady Irene Denison will rank as one of the great Society enter- tainments of the London season. The King and Queen will.honour the Earl and CounteEs with theis:, company _ .

===== 0002601_19080530_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ASBESTOS SLATES.

----- - According to a German publication, a firm in Munich has succeeded in artificially ren- dering asbestos waterproof, and has put upon the market this new kind of asbestos under the title of asbeetos slates, which are thus de- scribed: "These - asbestos slates, it is claimed, are as hard and as strong as the natural slates, and can therefore be laid on wall or roof constructions without any wooden laths being necessary." It is further claimed that they are a ',protection against fire, heat, cold, dampness, disease germs, and vermin.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE BACTERIA SEANTICEDSI

- A German investigator, Professor Dunbar, has published a paper in which he discusses- a theory of the origin of bacteria arising out of a large nienber of experiments which he has earrie€l out. These organisms have gene- rally been classified as a special group of the fungi, but Professor Dunbar is inclined to think that they are not an independent group at all, but rather certain stages in the life history of certain algae. The facts on which he baaes this conclusion are that when he made, with all due precautione as to sterilising, &c., pure cultures of algm, bac- i • teria appeared n them. The bacteria wero apparently derived from the algae.

. _ at dinner, and the Prince and Princess of Wales, and several other Royal personages will be present at the ball, which is to follow the dinner party. The -house contains some splendid suites of rooms, and the floral decorations are to be carried out one magnificent scale. Lady Londesborough is devoted to flowers of all kinds, and carnations and malroaison's in particular -which are grown in great profusion at Blankney, Lord Londesborough's fine seat in Lincolnshire, which was formerly the property of Mr. Henry Chaplin. Lady Irene Denison is eighteen, an only daughter, and is a tall, fair, good-looking girl, highly accomplished, and : ALL PLANETS INHABITED. with a decided gift for amateur theatricals. Parliament to Settle the Suffrage Question Professor .—Women's I Lowell, the American astroNomer Suffrage has been brought appreciably nearer by Mr. ' SO well known for hi S advocacy of the view Asquith's promise that the Government will not resist that the so-called canals of Mars are the its enactment in the Reform Bill to be passed base() work of intelligent beings, contends that all the present Parliament is dissolved. That event may , not take place for a year or two, or even later, but the • planets either have been, are, or will be in- Prime Minister's announcement brings the final settle- habited. Habitability is, he contends, a scent in sight, and judging by the fact that the House ' necessary stage in the evolution of a planet. of Commons has recently approved of the principle of Some of them have passed this stage, and Mr. Stanger's Bill by a majority of three to one, that arrived at the state of things typified in the settlement promises to be favograble to the friends of . moon. Others, like Jupiter, have not cooled women's suffrage. The militant section still demand down suficientl that Mr. Stanger's measure shall be passed,this session, y. Mars, en the other hand, i 3 just passing through the habitable stage. and to this end there is to be a great Hyde Paris demon- , Dr. A. R. Wallace however, not only ca- stration on June 21st. Few outside of this section e approve of methods of violence and bluster, but at the plains. the " -cans 1.:" of Afars as natural same time, no one can doubt that it is the suffragist features, but contends that the earth is. the ' agitation that has made woman's enfranchisement a only inhabited planet in the universe. living cause, a burning question, ehich Parliament can- i not avoid dealing with, and it is therefore a pity that i SEEING LIGHTNING STRIKE. the militant suffragists do not cultivate a little more j In July, leo7, William F. Rigge, of patience in awaiting the victory that now appears to be ' - 0 en sight. 1 Creighton University, U.S.A., had the tin- Woman's Right to Voto.—Historians say there is no ' usual fortune to see a bolt of lightaing strike record of any law abolishing the right of women to the an isolated cottonwood-tree about a quarter Parliamentary vote, which, with the recognised qualifi- cations, they undoubtedly possessed in medieval times, of a mile away. The flash appeared as a The question was raised in the courts in leeS, And " superb column or shaft of light about turned on the point whether the word "man "in the 400 ft. or 500 ft. high, and Sin. to 12in. in representation of the People Act 1e67, included woman, diameter, perfectly straight, vertical, and Under Lord Broughams Act, all Acts of Parliament steady." The shaft was white, but its base importing the masculine gender, included aomen,unlees was tinged with red. This column. seemed to the contrary was expressly provided, but although this stand betweeu two diverging trunks of the exchision was not inserted in the representation of the tree People Act, the courts held that "man" did not include , and lasted about two seconds. After- People Mr. Rigge found that one of the two woman, and that consequently she was disqualified, trunks of the • double tree had its bark That no doubt ens the intention of Parlinment, but it . off in the shape of a ribbon flin. locks as if the suffragists had only to raise a test case, stripped. and to upset a very doubtful judicial decision, to show N"---'3' - d and 's yards long. -. The other trunk that it is not the letter of the law. . shewed two furrows beginning 10ft, above the The Prohibited Plumage BlM—Lord Avebury's ground. They looked as if they had been attempt to put down the wearing of ospreys and the pleughed by a piece of steel. There was no plumage of rare and beautiful birds, is not_geaerally sign of fire. approved by the milliners, who fear that it would drive i their customers to make their purchase:As in Paris and! STELLAR DISTANCES. elsewhere on the Continent. LoreLA.reetpry has intro- ! Speaking of stellar distances in an aatro- duced a Bill to prohibit the itsepoitatiou of the skins • msCa 1 lecture. Sir David Gill said they or plumage of birds, with-except/der et-the plumage of Tic' ostriches, and birds killed for edible purposes. This, were so great that at the time astronomers however, would not prevent women buying osprey and considered them incomprehensible. They were plumage trimmed hats abroad and bringing home their purchases. As a people we are not fond of grand- . . . not so now, however. If the earth were only motherly legislation, although one has only to point toOft., d the &a- ttn. in diameter, the sun ~ an e the Children's Rill and other measures now before Parlia- tance between them 323 yards instead of rent to show that we are steadily progressing in that 93,000,000 miles, the proportionate distance direction. Therefore, if the law is se step in and say of the nearest fixed star would be 50,000 what women may or may not wear upon their hate, it miles. Only in the last. half-century had a re- would probably not be better to make two bites at the liable idea of facts like this been obtained, cherry, but straightway make illegal both the selling and a great part of his life had been devoted and the wearing of prohibited plumage in this country, to the work. Some stars, however, were so in- Cheaper in the End.—The woman rho buys only the finitely far away that they had no measurable best artificial flowers, is, like the woman who only para. air; consequently, we could not say purchases real lace, a more sensible and economical exactly how distant they were. But think, person than the one who is alwass frittering away her . - money upon cheap rubbish. Really good artificial again, of the nearest fixed, star whose distance flowers last and look well for years, if taken care of, was known. If it were poseible to see from moreover milliners will always use good flowers again that body to the Solar System, the earth's and again, as they will good feathers. Of course all orbit would appear no bigger than a six- eccentricities should be passed over, and only blooms penny piece, though its diameter was really that are always more or less in favour, purchased. Far 186,000,000 miles. From the fixed star next better is it to save up for one good spray of flower, to the nearest our orbit would seem no larger and one little piece of real lace, than to buy what is than a threepenny bit, while from some of only an eyesore to the truly artistic.. i the furthest fixed stars the apparent size of , "No Petticoats."—Fashion's decree of "no petticoats" the earth's orbit would be only a fiftieth of 1 is deubtless causing consternation among laundresses our smallest silver coin. and cleaners, who for several seasons past must have i _ made considerable profits out of our elaborate under- ; skirts. At the moment knickerbockers reign supreme, [ WHERE EELS SPAWN. skin tight, and with no embellishment. satin is the i Many may be surprised to hear that from fabric used for them in every possible shade the linings the time of Aristotle until a few years ago no of all the best being of white crepe de chine. At the exhibition of a fashionable trousseau the other day, no ' one could say with certainty how eels breed. less than three dozen satin knickerbockers were minted For centuries naturalists had been ae- .. and uct a single petticoat. l Knickerbockers More Ifealthy.—The "no petticoat quainted with a email, elongated, flattened, '' pellucid marine fish, called leptocepheilds, craze has mot with the approval of an eminent London i , doctor, who considers the more to be ore distinctly in . from their "ridiculously small heads." In ' the right direction. With our frilly underskirts, be ' t a h 1 decade f t'nineteenth century, e last o the . microbes , leptoeephalid in an i aquarium in Brittany was aayseve were always sweeping up vast heaps of which is no doubt true ; but this learned person ha l: . observed to become gradually opaque and apparently -overlooked the fact that we still wear cylindrical, until it turned into a little eon- skirts, and of such a cut that they wind and cling about ! per-eel. In 1901 Professors Grassi and Calrin- the feet, and van% be held yp without danger to the druceio dernonetrated that a species of lepto- wearer of falling down. These skirts in all probe- ' eephalid, swarming near the Strait of Mes- bility more than equal the frilly petticoats in the art ! sins, was the long-sought young of the fresh. of picking up microbes, and it would certainly appear : water eel. Now it is known that eels when to the more woman as though our last State is worse full grown make their way down front ponds, -than before, from a hygienic point of view. I (Welles, and streams into large rivers, and Home-made Sachets.—To scent one's wardro)e in the! from theee to the sea, where they spawn at a approved style takes time, but orris is one of the . i depth of about 560 fathoms. On the way to quickest methods, besides being clean, sweet, and desirable always. Another speedy plan is to fill the I the ocean the skin of the eel becomes silvery, ; its eves grow large and dark, and the milt sachets in our skirts, blouses hats and all dress 1 - d eesn develop in both sexes. The lepto- receptscles, with a piece el colter] woof, upon which and l - ess we have placed a grain of musk, one drop of rose I eephalfets grow to a length of about 3in., and geranium, hill SOllle spirits of cologne. These simple I then ascend rivers in the form of elvers, or scents are far better than the cheap sockets sold in , young eels. shops, and provided they are not overdone, are ale-ries I in the best of taste. -..NIADGE.

69 YEARS A CLERGYMAN.

The death occurred on Sunday of the Rev. Angus Bethune, vicar of Seahrun, who was born in 1911, and discharged his clerical duties until a fortnight ago. Death was due to old age. The deceased cleric was 69 years a clergyman in the diocese of Durham, for 49 years was incumbent of cue parish, and served under seven Li.ihope of Durham.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTORTION FROM THE POOR.

" The act of a vampire," was the Liverpool Coroner's description of a money-lending transaction which was brought to his notice, on Tuesday in connection with the death of n woman named Ellen Ilrinkwortb, the wife of a dock labourer. Last Christmas she borrowed 22s Gd at interest of 2d. per shilling per week, and it • Was suggested that depression resulting from the burden of the debt had caused her to commit suicide. The rate of interest worlis out at SC6 per cent per annum. I The Coroner said 2d. per shilling a day was sometimes charged, and that was equal to O,COO per cent. per annum. The law, unfortunately, did not f.tet at money- lenders of this class—only public opinion could do so. I To the money-lender (a woman) the Coroner said," No wonder ycu look thriving." t

THE LIGHT SIDE OF LICENSING. AN AMUSING IALKING MACHINE RECORD. ,In the heat of controversy the advent of the humorist is 51w338 salutary. Now, therefore, that everyone is gutting warm, upholding or denouncing the Licensing Bill, the publication of a humorous tag on the subject in the ebope of a talking machine record is as welcome ,ns it is timely. The record is a patter song entitled ANIMAL LIFE IN DEEP LAKES. " The Lest Pub." It has been made by Ernest Shand, An apparently novel search to explain the the well-known comedian, who is now singing the song nightly to tremendous eppi arse. Unlike some of the comparative scarcity of animal life in the things that have been written on the licensing question, deep waters of lakes in America has been "The Last Pub" can give no political offence. It is suggested by Professor Birge, secretary to supposed to be sung by a devotee of John Sarleycornet the Wisconsin Fisheries Commiseion. The is true, but the mock-serious arguments are so divert- facts shew that a deep lake line an extremely ingly whimsical and uproariously funny that everyone inefficient arrangement for absorbing and laughs heartily no matter riled his opinion of the Bill. The record is issued by the Columbia Phonograph distributing oxygen, which in the lower and Company in their series of 10-inch discs at 2s. It is a , cooler layers cannot be renewed as between fine example of clear recording, every word and I spring and autumn. If all this supply were mannerism coming out to the life. It will fit all makes ' available it would doubtless suffice for a very of disc talking machines. A descriptive leaflet may be I considerable animal population; but, as a bad for the asking from the Columbia Company, Dept. matter of fact, it is largely drawn upon by 20, 64 and 66 Oxford-street, London, W. Record users all the decaying animal and vegetable would do well to ask also for the latest Corumbia cabs- matter which duds its way into the lake and logues which contain the best of every kind of music as einks to the bottom, and during deeompcei. up-to-date as is this Licensing Bill song. tion uses up a vast amount of the life-giving gas. This depletion of oxygen varies, of course, with the amount of decomposing The departure of Sir Thomas Shaaghnessy, K.C.V.O, matter and the depth of water in the lake, president of the Canadian Pac:flo Railway, (n Friday ' Each of these factors differs in different last for Canada by the Allan Line Royal Mail turbine lakes, but the net result in America is that steamer Virginian, draws attention to the entente 1, in a large proportion of inland lakes the cordiale existing between these two gieat steamship 'lower layers of water lose their stock of companies, noteitbstanding that tl.ey are engaged in a oxygen comparatively early in the season, trade involving the keenest competition. There is no I when they at once cease to be habitable by question of the popularity of the two Allan Line the higher animals. This fact excludes from I mers, the Victorian end Virginian, which were the sflreast turbines built for the Atlantic trade, and ere the such lakes many kinds of animals whieh they cnly vessels of that type running to Canada, whilst the • might otherwise support, and greatly curtails mnrvell4 U 3 performance of the Lusitania will strengthen the amount of higher life the waters are able the opinion of those advocates of this'principle as the to nourish. A lake which has thus lost its propelling power of the future. Apart from the great oxygen cannot, for example, support fish sixed attainable, turbines ensure freedom from eibratirn • like lake trout, which must retire in summer and absence of noise and engine odours, unique advan- . to deep and cool water; and to this cause tages resulting from the tritmph of modem ship- • may probably be attributed the failure which building, which are appreeated by the ocean traveller has attended teeeempts to introduce deep- of to-day. water fish into American lakes. What holds

_ good for Anieriea must, in some degree a! oxy rete, apply to lakes in this country.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examinei: Saturday, May 30, 1908.

PIM CORA PHIC A PPARAT U 3 AND MATERIALS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

JEWELS AT THE OPERA. , The Opera House on a Tetrazzini and Melba night must be seen to be properly realised as a ! unique spectacle, says a Globe writer. There is ---- nothing in the whole of the rest of the world to nticr touch it. The Queen sits pre-eminent in the PHOTOGRAr Lao NOTES. corner of her well-known box. Her jewels are perhaps simpler than thew) of any other great lady in the house. The other boxes sparkle with diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, rubies, and the stalls have their share of the splendour. A - very well-known lady of middle ago shines a moon among these many stars by reason of THE "L. AND P." the number, and magnificence of her jewels. One The London end Provincial Photographic Asscciation night when we were there we enumerated one of the most active bodies, and one which always them; a diamond dog culler some three inches; welcomes provincial photographers when they visit in depth, a diamond riviere with an enormous town, has removed its meeting room to " The Apple- centre stone, a long diamond chain sparkling tree and Mitre," 20, Cursiter-street, Chancery-lane, midst the folds of her bodice and holding a dia- where the meetings are held on Thurzdays, at eight mood set monocle, a very high diamond tiara, a o'clock. It had a demonstration of the Donisthorpe diamond epaulette, and k couple of diamond brace- process on the 21st end will have the Sinop process lets. On gala night these effects will be intensified. demonstrated by Mr. S. G. Yerbury on the 28th. A PHOTOGRAPHIC RECORD BOOK. A PRETTY WASHING FROCK. The Colwyn Bay Town Improvement Association has Very pretty and useful is the smart MC° washing frock pictured in our sketch, just the decided to establish a photographic record bock, in which will be preserved the scenes of beauty sod the thing for regular everyday wear during the interesting incidents connected wish the town and summer. The material in which irls realised is immediate dietrict, as well as records of the develop- a mercerised cotton poplin, in colour a portico, merit of the town. The book will be open for the larly pretty shade of heliotrope. The bodice is Inspection of visitors and tourists who may work in practioally a shirt • blouse, being made without this charming spot, or work to contribute permanent lining fer convenience in washing. Down the prints, each of which will have the name of the photographer placed beneath it in the album.

lALGghT STOW{ IN TO.

HAROLD SMITH,

PHGTOGRAPHIO (31181,5 T 77, BRIEGR ST. wAstaxcleux.

A MASTER IN PORTRAITURE. The exhibition of pictorial portrait work by Mr. Funky Lewis, which was opened last week at the rooms of the Royal Photographic Society, and which remains open until June 9th, free of charge on presentation of visiting card, is a most noteworthy show, end one whielf should be seen by everyone who can do so. OZOBROME IMPROVED. Mr. Thomas Manly, who is indefatigable in his efforts to perfect what has been called the evening carbon " 'process, has just completed experiments which have enabled him to produce a pigmenting solution and baths which will keep quite indefinitely., so that now the process becomes perfectly uniform 111 various countries and at all seasons. THE SOCIETY OF COLOUR PHOTOGRAPHERS. The second exhibitien of this society will be opened from JUDO Ist to June 27th at the little galleries of " The British Journal of Photography," Wellington Street, Strand, and although it is only six months since the last exhibition of the society, and in spite of the fact that those six months have been of the worst weather for autochrorne work, I know enough of the exhibits to be able to assure my readers that they show very great strides in the use of the autochrome plat . RINETOGRAPHY ON DRY PLATES. Amethod of photographing "living " pictures on circular dry plates is being boomed jest now as a novelty apparently by people who forget that six or eight years ago the kammatograph camera was placed on the market and did this very thing efficiently. By using very small pictures, and by moving the circular plate in such a way that the pictures form a series from the centre to the circumference, it is possible to get a thousand subjects on a glass plate of something under sixteen inches diameter, hut a thousand pictures is only equiva- lent to a relatively very short roll of kinetogiaph films, and the pictures are necessarily so small that they will not give brilliant projections on anything like the same sesle as can be obtained with the cialinary standard films.

e 4 -!.--\'' -'- -° - - • 1,- . ‘ V" ' "- -..!--410r.r. II , r All . t Ix hl, , r„..11 ill Nil 11, 4 " I • 1 . ' .: il• I 1 \ . ..., : I . ,jl'i ' , . 1r i 'II .2 11 1 : \\ -4 ' [ -1•1 . t • I, \I j'•'• f fi : '' 1 ' , to, ;•:,,,,, _ ,1, . -. '''-''i,."- "4' ----v

THE PHOTOGRAPHIC CONVENTION. The Photographic Convention is drawing very near,and I am glad to know that it's first departure from British shores seems likely to be signalised by a record attend- ance of British members. At the Council meeting the other night, the secretary, Mr. F. A. Bridge, was able to announce that he bed already booked 35 new members in addition to receiving renewal subscriptions from a very great number of old ones, and I believe it 'a a fact that never in the history of the Convention have so many new members been booked so long before the , meeting. The arrangements are most efficient down to the smallest detail. The President, Sir E. Cecil Hertslet , who is the British representative in Antwerp, has taken an enormous amount of trouble to make the visit a success and all the local people have exerted themselves

I M - CONVENTION BUGBEARS In spite of the fact that a larger number of members have joined the Convention this year than have been booked at the corresponding period in any previous year, there are still some enquirers who seem to hesitate because of their fear that Belgium is very far away from England. As a matter of fact, the methods of teaching Brussels are quick, convenient, and reasonable in price. For those who dread the sea trip, there are passages reduced to about forty minutes, while there who are reasonable sailors can greatly enjoy I the passages from the East Coast and the North country ports, in splendid boats, which sail at convenient hours at night, and land their passenger about breakfast-time the next morning. All the boat companies have made special arrangements for return fares,which are unusually low, on condition that the members travel outward in parties, but allowing them to return individually at any time during a couple of months or so. For residents in the North of England and Midlands, the recently established Great Central service from Grimsby is specially convenient, while those living near London and in the South and \Vest of England have the choice of many different routes, of which the favourite seem to be the Great Eastern by Harwich, end the South Eastern and Belgian State Bailways by the Dover- Ostend route.

front runs a very wide box-pleat, adorned with machine-stitching and large embroidered but- tons. On either side comes a very wide tuck, be- yond which arc five or six -quite narrow tucks, and, finally, another tuck which projects over the top of the sleeve. The sleeves are of the simplest bishop shape, and are set into littlo stitched cuffs at the wrist. The skirt is well shaped, of ample width at the bottom, and is made with s box-pleat on either side of the frbnt.

,

, 4,

===== 0002601_19080530_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS AND MORAL COURAGE.

The fashions would never alter, declares Ella Hepworth Dixon in the Lady's Pictorial, if women were not people with infinitely more moral courage than men. To all practical pur- poses men-folk wear so-day the same garments which their forebears wore about 1848, when frills and fancy waistcoats were definitely out, and the reign of Pure Reason—as they used to say in the French Revolution—came in. A certain modern poet with hyacinthine locks used to declare that it required more courage to wear your hair long in England than to face a Mauser rifle at SCO yards. Yet what feminine person hesitates to dress her hair in some new and alarming fashion, to decorate it with fruit or strange fowl, . even if she knows that every head will be turned .to look at her? What man, one may ask, would i have the courage to wear a vast hat covered ' with a parterre of brilliant-hued flowers, a hat, moreover, which rested on his shoulders at the back? Who, among the stronger-minder sex, would one year wear a skirt distended like a hoop, and the next a garment so attenuated as to disclose every line of his form? True moral courage consists in braving public opinion, in venturing to disregard the hostile criticism of the small boy in the street. For, in the last analysis, it is the small boy in the street who is the arbiter of that delicate matter our personal appearance.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A DAINTY NIGHTGOWN.

Pictured in our illustration is a particularly pretty and dainty nightgown of rather novel de- sign. It is realised in the very finest of nain- sook, and is quite an ideal garment for summer wear. This "nightie" is slightly decolleto at the top, and is finished by a frill of lace and e. band of ribbon-threaded embroidery. Below this

embroidery comes a band of the material embroi- dered with large French knots, and below again a band of insertion, which in front develops into a long pointed tab. Two other similarly shaped tabs spring from the circular band of insertion on either side, the spaces between being filled with tiny pin tucks. Wide bell sleeves, finished with a frill of lace, French knots, and a band of insertion, complete this pretty model.

_

,e 447 1 • Zt!lin,... 4 ...•.!,.....,...?„44., rite. . )Iv4:il IV , ' -r. •7 t , , . . \ / • 'V 1 I fi /

• a Iv ill;

7/

===== 0002601_19080530_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
_ ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS.

The use of artificial flowers has been greatly extended, says the Queen, for many people wear them by day, and never was the millinery more overloaded with them; but they are wonderfully made, it is almost impassible to tell them from the real thing, except when they assume un- natural colours. Gardenias, violets, and roses are wonderfully natural; orchids can be most faithfully copied; and so successful has the arti- ficial florist been, that many large ballrooms and reception-rooms have the artificial blooms mingled with real foliage, and defy detec- tion. Real flowers occupy the lower portion of the room, the artificial the higher.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'll RECIPE.

FISII AND MACARONI PlE—Fish and macaroni pie makes an excellent luncheon or supper dish, and any kind of fish may be used for it. Re- move all the skin and bone from half a pound of cold cooked fish, and break it into large flakes. Break a quarter of a pound of macaroni into Pieces about half an inch long, throw it into a pan of fast - boiling water, add one tablespoonful of butter, cook till tender. Butter a pudding- did', put in a layer ot fish, then some pieces of butter, sprinkle with two tablespoonfuls of grated cheese, and a little salt and pepper. Now nut in a layer of macaroni, then some but- ter, cneese, and so on, nu 1/10 dun 13 tun. Sprinkle a thick layer of grated cheese on the top. Put some piecea c f butter here and there on it, and bake in a hot oven till it is a nice brown colour. Serve very hot.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM. DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

FALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] ' Carey made a gesture of despair. "There, never mind," said Worthington, THE STORY OF A.. exactly as if 'he were comforting a child. "Don't let us discuss the question any more. PHOTOGRAPH• He handed a box- of cigarettes. • "Tell me something of yottrself," he added; "I haven't seen you for ages." Carey made an effort, and for ten minutes BY ALFRED TENNYSON, their conversation touched cheerfully enough on , Author of "The Little Savage," "A Legend of more normal topics. Then suddenly a brilliant the Shires." " The Baronet," "The Little idea struck Carey. "I am thinking of going for a short- holiday," Princess," "Sir Jasper," &C.' he said; "I'm all alone. Won't you come with me? A change will do you good after this hard When Worthington's, fiancée came to that tragi. work." cal end, in a fire in a friend's house after some Worthington looked at him; his forehead private theatricals, Carey, hie most intimate Puckered in thought. acquaintance, was abroad. 'Ho was ' much . "It's kind of you," he said; "in fact, just shocked when he heard the news, especially as, at .ike you, Dick. But it isn't fair on you—it isn't, their last meeting, Worthington, had not been in really," he said. ~ very good spirits. In fact, he had felt some " Nonsense, I asked you with tny eyes open. strange presentiment that a misfortune was ha- I understand everything. Besides, who has a pending, which Carey had done his best to better right to be with you than me?" efface. He had written a letter showing as ; . . . . • - • s • . much sympathy as he could under the eireuna- ! A fortni ht later . they were esiablished in a stances, but he had heard nothing of his old o g email cottage on the east coast. At that time of friend, except tle eugh mutual acquaintances, the year they were not likely to -see any visitors, From all that he had been told. Worthington and, in fact, besides their motherly and unin seemed to have recovered wonderfully from the tellig ible landlady, whose husband was away shock. He had not yet made, his reappearance fishing, they had but little company. Carey in society, but he was apparently working harder thought his friend's best ' chance lay in undis- than ever, and neither his hand nor his eye traded quiet, but if social distractioree wersa seemed to have lost their cunning. One after- needed, they had only to drive five or six miles noon, soon after his return to London, Carey bo a 'neighbouring golf course. . happened to be passing his friend's lodgings, and About half a mile distant to the east lay a he thought he would ring the bell on the off- small fishing village. It was nothing but a chance of seeing him. He was delighted, and hamlet sheltering between the knees of two high surprised, to hear that he was at home, and the bleak downs. A range of wooded hills behind man, who knew Carey well, asked him to step intercepted it from the mainland, and in frent upstairs. Worthiigton was sitting before the the grey combers of the North Sea rolled almost fire, gazing at something attenthely. Indeed, to the fishermen's doors. The men themselves so absorbed was he, that he did not hear the were a handsome, taciturn race. Their blade knock at the door. He seemed to be talking to himself, and Carey heard him say distinctly : hair and swarthy Spanish faces seemed strangely out of place on so bleak a shore. There was a "Oh, Heaven--not for long—not for long!" legend that a big ship from the Armada had been He had his back to the door, but when Carey stranded at this point. . Perhaps, with a entered, he jumped up and faced him; hastily humanity rare enough in those days the ship- thrusting something into the breast of his coat. a-recked sailors had been allowed to settle there. "What the deuce do you want?" he cried. : Worthin'gton seemed to C.yes, to be ropidlyre- For the moment Carey was so much shocked gaining his health and spirits,- and the -latter by the change in-his apt/warm-see that he He ed vtn,oast, e congratulated" himself 'on the result of his notice the abruptness or the greeting: often,manmuvres terribly pale, and round his eyes and mouth the -- - A month passed. had One evening they were wrinkles had deepened into furrows ,in the flesh. driving back together from golf. The mate, a Oh—it's you, Dick," he said, with et short ood little animal , . laugh, after the silence that followed his ex- was stepping briskly over the clamation. "I apologise for my rudeness, I high moor. They could see their road winding la through the purple of the ing to bother me. I've been overdoing it lately, thought it was somebody from the hospital corn- like a white aibboheather and then dip suddenly into the. woods f ay as a barrier between the' village and and my nerves are a bit out of sorts. Come hi which and sit down, Dick, come in and sit down." the inland. Carey took an armchair by the fire and Carey was thinking—to-morrow Wei the anni- stretched out his hands to the blaze, watchfu versary of the death of Alice Wishart. How his friend's face narrowly. Worthington looked would Worthington bear the recollection of everything? Would the tightly-stretched wire moodily at. the glowing coals, and made no effort at any kind of conversation. l'resently he snap, or had he become man enough to look , began to mutter to himself; Carey saw his lips back on the tragedy with a man's courage? Worthington had been strangely cheerful lately ; moving, and it was quite obvious that he had forgotten his friend's presence. he had made no allusion te the past. Neither "This won't do," Caret- said, suddenly. had Carey—but, notwithstanding, he was not Worthington started, and smiled rather grimly. quite satisfied. His thoughts were interrupted. "This won't do—we can't afford to have a "It looks like wind to-morrow," said his corn- man like you 'breaking down—you've been over. panion. working yourself. You'll have a smash if you Carey 'turned his head in the direction of his aren't careful. Why don't you take a rest? Go friend's finger. for a sea voyage, and try to forget work—and "See those mares'-tails." things." i The e sun had nearly dropped behind the woods "Forget," laughed the other. . „ 'on their left. Now it hung a crimson disc over I "I know you can't forget some things, it the dark indigo blue of the pine woods, and • Nasal Catarrh commences usually by running at the ien't right you should. But it isn't right they flushed the western sky with blood-red splen- nose, inflammation of the mucous membrane of that should dominate you altogether." - dour. As lie looked the glowing ball disap- organ ard throat being influenced, followed by a stop- "Oh ! it's easy for you to say that. No one neared, and the colours 'at the heart of the sun- ping up of the air vesicles of the lungs and inflammation knows what I have suffered. I worked, worked, set softened at once, and faded off at the edges of the brenchial surfaces ; developing generally into worked, to prevent myself going mad. I've tried into all delicate shades of opal pink and emerald, catarrhal 'bronchitis or asthma, with a dry or loose to shut out that awful picture. Oh, Heaven, 'how till they were finally mixed with the tender blue cough and difficult breathing. awful it was!" He shuddered, and covered his of a tranquil sea. It was difficult to believe that I The safest and most certain remedy for conditions face with his hands. "But, thank Heaven, it any 'foreboding of rough weather could be like these is Veno's Lightning Cough Cure, a medicine will soon be over now. I shall soon be out of it realised. But the broken clouds showed that which acts directly on the mucous surfaces, relieves all." high in the vault of heaven a great wind must irritation and the stopped up feeling, clears the bron- " What," Carey cried, "you don't mean be driving. I chial tubes and air vesicles, and drives catarrh, you're going to—" 1 "And doth the great cloud galloons chase," I thoroughly out of the system. Veno's Lightning Cough Worthington had not intended to say what he quoted one of them. , !Cure can be obtained for Did., is. lid. and 2s. Dd., of ath did. For a moment or two he was undecided. I The last that they saw as they climbed down ' chemists. "No, I'm not going to hill myself," he said, into the shadow of tie wood was a cloud frayed g 41. "That's a poor way of getting out of things. I by the cornin storm into the semblance of a you gigantic:, ostrich feather, leaning in a huge are daresay you'll think I'm mad when I tell NEW BRIGHTON TOWER ATTRACTIONS. what lam going to sag. But., as I'm convinced across the heavens. A stiffish wind was blowing The enormous crowds that attended the opening of in my own mind, what you think now, or what when they emerged from the shelter of the , the Now. Brighton Tower and Park last Saturday. you say, will not have the least influence upon trees, and by ten that night it Was a regular ; were delighted eith the many alterations that have- me= Carey," ha said, solemnly, "I've had a gale. The dark was filled with the boom of been made in that most popular resort,aud their surprise- message from Alice." ' breakers, and the. scream of the maddened was equally as great as their delight on finding that 100 Copy stared at him. His friend, indeed, must beach. In the village, every cottage trembled at new attractions bad been added to the most popular be mad. It was nearly seven months since the the shock, as the great waves towered into features that have heretobefore been the cause of draw- catastrophe. Heaven knows what grief might white columns along the shore. Far up the nar- ' ing the attendance to the Park, These new features riot have done to his . intellect in that time. row cobbled street the spray was flung, lashing ' compromise all sorts of things, from the Id. Punch and Carey was too much shocked to speak. , the window panes and stinging the faces of Judy Show up to the largest and most elaborate Park ' " Here ! " egclaimed Worthington; "what 'do those who ventured outside. At times the moon 1 entertainment ever offered, which latter is known as you make of this?" . throw a pale eearchlight over the army of charg- Cummins-Brown Wild West. This attraction occupies ' He thrust his hand into his coat pocket and ing waters in the bay, and then a squall would the Athletic Field, and is drawing to its performances brought out the object which he must have been sweep up, and obliterate all vision, and almost nearly all who visit the grounds, for ighas been received examining when Carey entered the room, all sound in the swish of the driving Min. I with a favour and appreciation very seldom accorded to , "What do you make of this? Take it and look ' It was impossible for either of the two friends any sort of amusement anywhere. These give a most at it." He handed something to Carey, who to sleep, even if they had been so inclined. So thrilling performance of a number of scenes illustrative- took it mechanically. It was a photograph. 1 they banked up the 'fire in the parkur, and. mak- of their methods of warfare, of games, of the trail, and. 1 For a moment Carey did not recognise it; ing themselves as comfortable as they could, lip- their usual pursuits, making for an entertainment I then he saw that it was a likeness of Alice Wis. tened to the roaring of the gale outside. I unique of its kind, and better of its class than ever , hart. She was dressed as a French peasant in 1 By degrees the noise of wind and sea sub- before seen in England. In the Theatre, Millican's , short skirts and sabots, and with the lace cap sided, and towards five in the morning they Minstrels and Old Plantation Show of genuine American and curious ornaments of the gala dress of Brit- both fell asleep. They were wakened by a loud Negroes give their entertainment every afternoon and tany. Carey turned the photograph over and knocking at the door. A tall fisherman in drip- 'evening to large crowds, all apparently delighted with 'over. There was nothing about it to account for ping oilskins stood outside, the novelty of negro songs, dances, etc., by real negroes, Worthington's extraordinary behaviour that he ' "Beg y'r pardon, sir, but be either on yew and not by white men blackened up to imitate them.. could See. He twisted it in his fingers with seine gents a doctor, as I've 'eard saay?" lln the grounds among the many improvements notice- ' ' perplexity, and then said; "Where did you get' Worthington answered his query, able on every hand, and all making for the pleasure of it, Worthington?" " Well, sir—our Doctor Morgan be. that bad patrons, will be found 100 amusement devices, from , "It arrived yesterday by post." l• , 1 tow-night 'e can't stir outer Is ouse, so our , large Scenic Railways, and Figure Eights, down to the' , By post—impossible! Who sent it? When chaps made so bold as t' send me along ter Yew." smaller shows that please the little children that go was it taken? Wa.s there no letter or explana- I ~" What do you want ,with me?" asked swimming until the pennies and halfpennies are spent tion with it?" i Worthington, I, m -sure I snail be delighted to 1 that have been saved up for the outing. "Yes," he answered; "there was. There was do anything I can." a letter from her." I "There's a vessel asliure off Barham Point, I ..---- Worthington's haggard face and wild words sir, and us thinks as 'ow some of the chaps on 1 admitted admitted of but one explanation; but he said: : board on 'Cr may need your aarvices. The life- I ....a.— " I see you think I am mad. I assure you that boat's going out, and we thought yew'd just be 1 you are quite mistaken. I had a letter from ' able, maybe, to come with us." Alice, and I know now that it will not be long I "I'll be with you in five minutes, if you'll before I see her again. Thank the gods who put just give me time to put on my things." an end to our miseries. I will shew you, that ' "I'll come too," said Carey, and followed ' you may be convinced." Rising from his chair, I Worthington to make the necessary changes. lie went over to a cabinet in the room and un- I In a few mitrittes, under the escort of James locked a drawer with a key fastened to his watch- ! Lake, the fisherman, they were struggling down chain. " Here is the letter." to the littleecovo where the lifeboat-house stood. Carey opened the letter, unfolded, and read it. It was just growing light, and, though the wind It was quite short: had dropped considerably, the sea was running " Dearest,—You may like very high; in spite of She tide being far out, the hope to see you soon again." I roar of it rang loud in their ears. - The Sarah Unconsciously Carey had read the note aloud. Wilson had been dragged down on her carriage, As he finished, Worthington said, with a calm , and in the dim light they could see her standing smile: "Are you satisfied now, you unbeliever?" , on the sands, tall and grey. There was something terrible about his quiet James Lake produced oilskins and a eou'wester. confidence. The envelope, in which the letter "here be your things. air, and put on this and the photograph had been enclosed, lay at jersey, we've a long row before us." Carey's feet on the floor. He picked it up to he- I Somehow a man's nerves are not so steady in place them both, and, as he did so, he caught the dim morning light as in the day time. Carey sjght of the postmark. In a flash the solution of I felt a strange uneasiness as he watched these the mystery came to him. Poor Worthington's preparations, and realised' that his friend was tormented brain had made a supernatural occur- going alone, on what might be a dangerous ranee out of a very ordinary incident. The ' expedition. photograph was one taken of Alice Wishart in "Can't Igo with you?" he asked Lake. her theatrical dress, and she, thinking that "New, sir. I rackon us can't take any pas- Worthington might like to have it, had posted it sengers aboard of 'er, us'll need all the rewm us to him just before her tragical death. Icy some can git." mistake,. perhaps the neglect of a postmistress in "Bad luck, Dick," said his friend, with a a little country town, the letter had been delayed quiet smile, "can't be helped though." in transmission, and had only reached her lover Worthington's calm tones somewhat roils- six months afterwards. Carey was uncertain sired Can. Ile gave himself an involuntary whether to humour Worthington in his delusion. I shake, as if to free himself from the vague feel. After a few seconds' reflection, howeger, he logs that had forced their way into his mind a said, gently, laying his hand on his friend's arm: few moments before. There could be no reason The hat Cure "Bob, you remember that Alice is dead. How why he should fear for his friend's safety, for e can she send you a message or letter of any neither the wind nor the sea were high enough kind?" to endanger the lifeboat. James Lake had mo. Worthington might still be sane enough to be mentarily -disappeared into the inside of a small ..S I. affected by calm reasoning, and, at any rate, shed. But just then his voice interrupted Carey's W E i.. ~ . - Carey would be able to ascertain the state of thoughts. his mind. He shook his head, however, reprov- "Are you ready. sir?" • ingly, and a ghost of a smile played about his "Quite," replied Worthington. . WP lips, and for a moment lighted up his pale face. And Carey watched the two figures striding W iImEN "It's no good, Dick: I told you that you down the sands to where the Sarah Wilson stood wouldn't be able to persuade me, and you won't. at the edge of the surf. Why should yeti want to?" cr,orthington turned half - way and waved to "Twelve months ago I almost died "Will von listen to me, if I say something?" his friend. Then, as he watched him walking Be smiled again, as if to shew his determine- swiftly back towards their cottage, a curious ex- from the effects of Bloodlessness an& I Debility. I had intense headaches and tion not to be influenced by what Carey said. pression came into his eyes. As gently and as quietly as he could, the latter Some of the crew were already in their .places, Ja6ket's' frequent fainting . he pains across gave his explanation. The other made no corn- clad in oilskins, sou'westers and cork fits T ment while Carey was speaking, but- pulled at Others were standing about with the rest of time ; his pipe thoughtfully and metho'clically. fishermen, ready to help in pushing off the boat. ' my back made me dizzy and my heart I " Well? " he asked, when Carey had finished, They received Lake and Worthington with a palpitated violently with every exertion. with the same smile on his lips. shout of welcome I"Can't you see the reason of it all? " Carey "We take it kindly of yew to come, sir," said • I exclaimed in despair. "It is nothing—shall we Sam Craske, the coxswain. , t was almost as helpless as a baby.. say, supernatural—merely a coincidence." "Don't mention it, pleased to be useful," re- Then I took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills 1 "Yes, I suppose it is a coincidence." he re- plied Worthington. , plied. "There are some peoPle , who believe in "Well, climb in, 'sir," said lie, "we're ready for Pale People and steadily lost every trace of backache and weakness. ' coincidences, just as others disbelieve in pro- to start." sentiments." Worthington obeyed. With a shout and a Carey's heart smote him when he remembered heave and a splaelt the great boat was run off They restored me to perfect health and their conversation of a yaar before. It was ite the carriage down an incline into -the sea, and who had been wrong then. Worthington would the men swarmed in like acrobats as she pitched I honestly recommend them to my sex.' never credit him with being right now, and rolled her grey sides in the edge of the surf. 1 "Think ! " -Carey cried. "Time thing's not in The Sarah Wilson forged out to sea, the little These are the words of Mrs. Barrett, reason ! " figures on the high seats working together like "A matter of opinion," he repeated. stub. Mechanical toys. Though the wind blew hard Bradford Peverell, near Dorchester. ' bornly ; "simply a matter of opinion. I'm in a astern, there Was not too much to prevent a sail b better Position to judge than you. Besides, I being set, and when once the boat had got clear A booklet of valuable information, entitled have thought it out. Simpose we Use your of the currents and rocks, which were pretty " Wonderful Women," will be sent free to ante phrase, and call it a coincidence. Does it alter numerous close into shore, the men were able to woman. It is particularly interesting to mothers. the case at all? Not a bit. Isn't it curious, not stop rowing. 'of growing girls who become pale' thin and to say marvellous, that a letter should be de- Very soon, in the dim morning light. Barham listless as they approach womanhood. tamed nearly a year in a post-office. and then Point was visible—a great headland, with preci. come to a heart-broken man, just when he is Pitous jagged cliffs of sand running out some hungering for a sign. These are the facts, the two or three hundred yards into the sea. At the 'e st DID he question. But," he con- foot of the furthest cliff lay the wreck, and even .7 i, • remorseless logic of t tinned. rising from his chair and putting his two at that distance they could see the waves break- illiams .. hands on Carey's shoulders, as if he were gain- ing over it in clouds of spray. I is as TN 71 ing the mastery over him, and yet, with a kindly "A schooner," said Craake. who was perched look in his eyes—" but there .is another advocale high above the rowers. " She's run right on the Pink PisllS more convincing than the most precise logician reeks, and broker; ' 'AI• 1-111011 n 2 nie likely. It'll be t,i,specjo.nicl?,.get .at e.t- with :his . sea running, i . . who ever built a syllogism. Man. something in my brain tells me that without doubt Alice has have. cured repratedy Anxmta, Nervous Disorders, General l Weakness, Palpitations, Indigestion and Women's L's. as. 9d. .s. .. sent...inn a message. No matter the instriamont per box, or i 35. wt. for six, Froin Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., used- to convey tier meaning, as long as tne The crew of the Henrik Peterson were made 0, Holborn Viaduct, London, po-t free : also of all dealers. meaning is clear. I know that very soon I shall as comfortable as possible. Worthington gave have ceased to exist in this world and be with , them brandy, but they still shivered with the 1851115321812615 maNZECOMMESUIC Alice again." cold, in spite of their warm wraps and great- . coat* Most of the men were absolutely silent.

They seemed stunned with the horror of the perils through which they had passed. But every now and then one of them would look back at the ship they were leaving, as it lay a broken- backed and forlorn Wreck amidst a smother of foam, and make a queer foreign gesture or a cluck of pity with the tongue. Most silent of all was the captain, a queer, wizened old fellow,. with grey-whiskered and wind-tanned, wrinkled face. He sat huddled up on his seat, his head miserably buried in his hands. Occasionally in a hoarse and broken voice he muttered to himself in his native tongue: "My ship—my good ship-- I have lost my ship." Worthington did everything he could to com- fort the poor old man; but he refused both sym-, pathetic words and brandy with emphatic nods. and then buried his face again in his hands. Meanwhile the lifeboat was making apparently but little headway against a head sea. Great waves buffeted her, and then raced past, and Were lost in the morning mist. But all the crew were at the oars, and in reality their sturdy efforts were making considerable progress. -Al- ready the Henrik Peterson was fast _fading from view, and the tall cliffs of Barham Point were hardly to be distinguished from the rest of the coast, All of a sudden the little wizened captain lifted up his head, as if to take one last look at his ship. The men rowing near him noticed that his eyes filled with tears, and then, before any- one could guess what he was going to do, he rose to his feet, and plunged over the side of the vessel into the sea. There was a moment of eonsternation. The action was so utterly unexpected. Then Craske gave a short, sharp order, and the lifeboat swung slowly round. But before the manceuvro was exeeuted a figure followed the Norwegian into the sea. "It's the doctor," said James Lake, with an oath. "Pull, lads; but I'm afeaed we shan't reach him." There was the short, choppy swell that always- follows a big sea, while every now and then a huge roller would come thundering along in its course to the beach. By the time the lifeboat had turned, the two men in the water were al- ready nearly a hundred yards away. The Nor- wegian was still swimming, as if he meant to reach the vessel which they had just left. But he was obviously growing more and more tired, and was now only borne along like a piece of driftwood on the waters. Worthington had nearly overhauled him. The boat seemed to move desperately slowly, although the men rowed as if their backs would crack. But there was every hope that, if Worthington could sup- port the captain in the water for a few moments, they would be able to rescue them both. A great wave smote the stern of the boat, making her tremble all over, knocking the oars out of several of the men's hands, and drenching every- thing in a cloud of blinding spray. When it had passed, and they could see again, both the swim- mers had disappeared. Their bodies were washed up au the shore two days later. [THE END.]

to have this. I

. _.—emiIESIENZCZNESII ! : AC :,... •,%-Z;J.% IA• - ..0,-,.... .:. .. 1 . , 1' ... . 1'..4.,.,. t . , .. I 1 4 • g i• - ; • • - -\`' - '.V . i rk ~.- 1: •v," ,: , \ A.:::-,i. •• V N . A t,. ~....';, \" s‘. ,- . . • . :ii s •'- '''..1.":.... -":' 0 WILLI P.11.5' \ -, ',f,: , ._ t , ,-4 71 l•-_,21, :: IN .11.1 K . MI I p- iIILLS '3;il . • .......gg„.„-44...,..,. 4.1,,,,,. ._. _ : Pills T , , t.',.. ... ~.{ ..' ' , _.4 -- iks4: ...1.,- -..1- , .3.7•;<: -.., i --.4. I*. „... , I

===== 0002601_19080530_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
By Veronica.

NASAL CATARRH and difficult Breathing. A CERTAIN CURE.

- , - ,

===== 0002601_19080530_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19080530_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_19080530_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 o, a t t

===== 0002601_19080530_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19080530_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19080530_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19080530_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
›e. '

.

'

===== 0002601_19080530_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19080530_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!

I

-14

===== 0002601_19080530_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Nervous Complaints,

Foiling Strength,

Tiredness,

Dizziness,

Sleeplessness, Irritability, Urinary Disorders, Gravel,

Stone,

Swollen Ankles, Puffy Eyes, Impure Blood, Dropsy, Inflammation of the Kidneys, Uric Acid Poisoning.

If the kidneys are weak or diseased they permit poisons to remain in the blood, which should be taken from it by them and expelled from the body through the urinary system.

Uric acid is one of these poisons, and if it is allowed to accumulate in the body, some of the above symptoms or diseases must follow.

A WAIIIIINGTON WOMAN'S STATEMENT.

Orer seven years after Mrs. A. Farrington, 17, Dutton-street,Warrington,told about the cure of her kidney trouble by Doan's pills, she said:—" I am still well. I've used [Joan's pills on several occa- sions since, and they always do me good. I would not like to be without them in the house myself."

Mrs. Farrington's original I AFTER statement ran : "For two 7 YEARS. years I suffered agonies with . pains in my back, caused by my kidneys being out of order. The secretions from the kidneys were unnatural, there was a puffiness underneath my eyes, and I used to come over giddy. I seemed to be full of wind ; my rest at night did me no gcod, and I grew very feeble.

"A neighbour advised me to try Don's back- ache kidney pills, and I did so. With the use of the pills I gradually got better until I was quite myself again. My kidneys were acting properly, and the pains and other symptoms had gone. (Signed) A. Farrington."

Of all chemists and stores, as. 9d. per box ; 6 boxes ,35. 9d.; or post free, dilect from Foster-McClellan Co., B,Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W.

Send Id stamp for Sample Box.

Wpm Trois thirty tonorty yards a thread each More their task is completed. The web is washed, and the washed thread, taken eight together, are woven into strong yarn cords, which are said to be lighter and stronger than silk of the same thickness.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIQUETTES FOR ENGINES.

Briquettes for locomotive fuel are being ex- perimented with by the Rock Island Railroad Company. The binder used is water gas pitch, and in the various experiments 6,7, and 8 per cciat. of the binder has been used. In manu- facturing the 'briquettes the coal and pitch are ground up separately, and then mixed in the proper proportions. From the storage bin the coal passes into steam jacketed conveyorsbheated by superheated steam, and the hot product passes through the briquetting machine, which compresses the briquettes at the rate of from five to eight tons per hour. It is found better to cool them by passing them through water to induce quick setting. • BY GIANT LIFT.

Facility of locomotion is a watchword of the times, and what with electrie trains and tram- ways and other motor vehicles, engineers are seeing to it that we get about as easily as possible. Hills are, of course, a chief obstacle

fi. w.i11i,.:4 LI; 'r1"1" A..... ... -....4x5y1, e.g 'A niltatßs.-t-.;-te. ttil' 1,0. WA • ',' i ...., .1.;_1__....,.:, . , :,---(-17,V_ -1 - ,•--Fk 1 I .---'-,21---;-.1 4,... -,t-- alt 1 .I•va -_-__ -,---------- -17-z-r-----1-- -A.' -r 4i ‘ ---• 7.-Z-- -r_ ; -..--z-.-_.-- N.. _44. f.=---r T....H-72m 141 1 I. ,L=2):, i 6 to )..... ... uzz. L.Z Y . ...., h ---„ ..., t ffitries fi'' A' ' •

===== 0002601_19080530_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTEAD OF CLIMBING HILLS.

tri the way of mechanical traction of all kinds. For cities or towns that are vctholly or in part built upon high hills the giant electric lift, which we depict, is now being made use of. As will be readily understood, the passengers enter the car of the lift from the lift station, and are at once taken up perpendicularly to the height of the eminence to be gained. Along a light bridge the -car then travels to the higher parts of thei town, where, the hill ascended with- out, as t were, any climbing, the passengers alight. Stockholm, the principal streets of which are built on rising ground, has one of these giant lifts in operation.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TRA4.ISPARENT ENVELOPES.

Mother Selgel's Syrup is now also prepared In Tablet Form and sold under the name of Mother Seigel's Syrup Tablets. Price 2,9 bottle.

transparent envelope for drawings is sub- gested as a means of keeping clean the draw- Ins sent into a workshop. The back of the envelope is,bookbinders' board about tin. thick; a strip of heavy filler board being put around three edges and trasparent celluloid on top. These are fastened together with escutcheon pins clinched-on the back. A copper rivet and washer at each corner is put in as an extra i precaution. The drawing s slipped in or out through the open edge.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUSICAL FESTIVAL.

A GREAT SUCCESS.

Saturday was a day to be long and well remembered in Warrington for it witnessed the bolding of the first Warrington Musical Festival— the precursor, it is hoped, of many sinalar annual gatherings for the advancement of musical culture. The promoters are to be congratulated upon the success of their initial enterprise. It speaks much for, the attractiveness of the programmes and the widespread interest aroused, that audiences could be found to fill the Parr Hall - on an ideal May day when it was delightful to be out of doors. Even in the afternoon most parts of the hall were comfortably filled whilst in the evening the ; building was crowded to the doors. Although this was the first Musical Festival it was by no means the first competitive gathering that Warrington haehad, and the present is an opportune time to pay a tribute to the ; persevering and disinterested efforts of the Apollo . Choir who fur several years organized an annual , Eisteddfod, not without loss to themselves. It was, however, felt that the responsibility ought no longer to rest upon the shoulders of so small a circle and towards the end of last year a strong committee of ; townsmen was formed, with the Mayor as President, 1 to take over the enterprise and extend its operations. I The result is that the Warrington Musical Festival has taken the place of the Eisteddfod and if the enthusiasm which has so far claaracterised the workers continues, it should in time rank high amongst the many festivals which are now held in this country. Satur- day's attendances showed that the sympathy of a large body of the inhabitants has been enlisted, while the high talent attracted wasm-guarantee or success from the competitive standpoint. The programme at each concert was nicely varied. In the afternoon children's contests were to the fore and there was ample evidence of the good which these festivals can accomplish in cultivating ,the nausicid talents of the rising generation. The action song was a delightful feature and added a dash of colour to the proceedings which the audience was not slow to appreciate. We hope to see this feature become even more popular. The children's choral competition was entered into with keen enthusiasm and it was good to hear the fresh young yeaces_jeining in pleasing folk-songs. Some disappointment- -IC-de-felt that •only,one choir the Manchester Orpheus —put in an appearance-for the second choral competition, but it was more than compensated f.r by the magnificent rendering which this famous choir gave of the test piece. The Mayor showed his desire to encourage the festival by presiding over the afternoon meeting i and deliver- ing a few homely observations n which he specially commended the good work which was being done amongst the children. The Mayoress distributed, the prizes. The evening concert provided ace of the richest musTcal treats ever afforded a Warrington audience. The chief choral competition attracted no fewer than eight leading mixed choirs of the north and there was a battle royal for the prizes. It was an education in itself to hear some of these choirs sing the beautiful test pieces "He, watching over Israel" and "Moonlight," and far from the repetition palling, the music seemed to grow on one and fresh gems of harmony were ever being brought into prominence. When at the close of the contest Dr: McNaught con- ducted the massed choirs while they again sang the test pieces the effect was grand and inspiring The success of Mr. Harry Berrey's choirs from St. Helens and Runcorn proved most popular and they are to be congratulated upon triumphing in a competition where the talent was remarkably high. The contest for local church and chapel choirs aroused keen interest and it was gratifying to hear the adjudicator congratu- lating Warrington upon having four such excellent choirs. Mr. Frank Hickman 's Bold-street Choir achieved a notable and well-earned victory. The festival promoters were favoured with the presence of Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., and Mrs. Crosfield who have been generous supporters of the undertaking and must have been pleased to see what a fine competition there was for the shield which Mrs. Crosfield presented for the chief event. Mr. Crosfield delivered a brief but well chosen speech. The committee were very fortunate in their choice of adjudicators, Dr. W. G. McNaught, Mr. Wilfred Jones and Miss A. Backsheen Wood dis- charging these duties to the satisfaction of all. Dr. McNaught is a host in himself, for while carefully weighing the merits and demerits of the respective competitors, his adjudications were seasoned with touches of humour, and delivered in the happiest and kindest way. He had a capable colleague in Mr. Wilfred Jones, while Miss Backsheen Wood did good service by judging the violin solo competition. At evch concert the a adience had the pleasure of hearing a song by Miss Frances Andrews (contralto), and a violin solo by Miss Backsheen Wood, both of whom are artistes of repute, and added much to the enjoy- ment of the festival by their contributions. Miss Andrews sang "Sincerity " (Clarke) and " The Flower Song" (Gounod) with pleasing expression, while Miss Backsheen Wood's violin solos " Dance of Gypsies " (13aeltez) and " Tamboarin Dance " (Solvate) evidenced that fine technique and musicianly taste which had previously gained berconsiderable popularity with Warrington concert-goers. Mr. E. Lloyd-Jones, as chairman of the restiv:sl Committee, conducted each meeting. The pianoforte accompaniments were tastefully played by Mr. W. a. Payton, Mus. Mac. and Mr. E. Wilkes.

Praise is clue to the festival officers for the admir- able arrangements. They were : Mr. E. Lloyd Jones, chairman; Mr.Nath a n Cook,vice-chai rrnan ; committee, Messrs. R. H. Albery, J. Broadhurst, H. Bond, T. Brough,W.Critchlev, J. Corrin, W. Clay, 0.11. Dawson, A. Greenough, W.-Hipkiss, S. Hassan, Fl. 0. Hughes, E. Iddop, W. Knowles,F. E. Penketh,W. H. Payton F. Pendlebury, G. Ratcliffe, P. L. RI ' chardson A. Spruce, W. T. Williams, W. Woodcock and E. Wilkes ; treasurer, Mr. Frank Hickman ; assistant secretary, Mr. P. J. George ; general secretary, Mr. It. Cook. Special mention must be made of the work of Mr. R. W. Cook, the capable secretary, who has been untiring in his efforts to promote the success of the festival—in fact the duties could not have been in better hands.

AFTERNOON CONCERT. There was a large attendance at the afternooc con- cert, the Mayor (Alderman Smetburst),yresiding.

WELCOME TO THE MAYOR. Mr. E. LLOYD Jos said that when they called a town's committee together to take over the Eisteddfod of the Apollo Choir, they felt they' could not do better than have the Mayor at the head of the festival. They hoped he would be Mayor next year and also President of next year's festival. (Applause). The Mayon said he felt proud to be the President of the Warrington Musical Festival' on what might be termed its birthday. He believed the festival would do a great amount of good in training young people to sing God's praises. There was nothing so beautiful in their churches and chapels as good music. He hoped that as the result of the education imparted at musical festivals there would be none of the terrible discords they heard sometimes. (Laughter). lie wished the movement every success. (Applause). PIANOFORTE kOLO COMPETITION (AGE NOT TO EXCEED T WEL There were nineteen entries for this competition, the test piece being" Scherzo, Op 195 " (Giulia). Before delivering his adjudication, Dr. McNaught said he was delighted to he in Warrington again and to see so much interest taken in that movement. He hoped the festival would grow until it was as large as anything of the kind in the country. (Applause.) Referring to the pianoforte solo competition, he said it was quite right that a simple piece should be chosen. It was wrong to ask young people to attempt a piece that was beyond their technical capacity. H players were extra good they: could always show their artistic touch and execution in a simple piece. In this contest, he awarded the first prize (10s. ad.) to Emily Woolley, of Runcorn, who bad a very nice touch—not very firm, but as she was young there was plenty of time to got it tight—and a pleasant, dainty style of playing. The accentuation was capital. There were one or two slips in the left hand, but she was a very promising player and one thing he 'Ned about her performance was that she was able to work up gradually to a climax. The second prize went to J. Birchall, St. Helens, a boy who showed true musical faculty, crispness of touch and a sense of accent. More delicacy would have been welcome. but it was a very picturesque performance.

CHALLENGE SOLO- FOR GIRLS AND DOI'S (UNDER 16 YEARS OF AGE.) In this competition twenty-one young vocalists sang solos of their own choice. Mr. Wilfred Jones adjudi- cated and said that it had been a very good competi- tion. In awarding the first prize (10s.) to Hobert Hamer, of Accrington, he said he had a delightful

===== 0002601_19080530_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiffel Tower NM MN

Aid packet makes a delicious milk pudding in ten minutes. Try it. You will be delighted.

' voice and gave a most artistic performance, his enuncia- tion being very acceptable. Violet Brown, of Warring- ton, gained the second prize of Us. for her interpretation of '• 0 Divine Redeemer," and Mr. Jones said she had a very good voice but sho was a little too cold and professional-like. There were, however, many points that showed intelligence. The other finalist (Norman Brown of Atherton) sgng "Magnify the Lord' —a very dlincuit solo for a lad to sing. He had a very ameable voice and produced it freely. His enunciation was fairly good )3ut unfortunately he made a few slips as to Lime. ,

VIOLIN SOLO COMPETITION. (FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN.) This was a pleasing feature of the festival and attracted eighteen entries. The test piece was "Cambria "—an arrangement of Welsh airs by Mareston. The winner of the first prize (10s.) was Fred Brough, of Nutgrove, whose artistic playing of the piece from memory quite delighted the audience. Mies Backsheen Wood adjudi- cated and said the winner displayed real temperament and had sufficient techingne to mak4 the violin say what he meant. The second prize (55.) went to W. Swain, of Warrington, who the adjudicator said showed some promise and played intelligently, but he did not make the phrases clear. J. Edmondson, of Tyldesley, was awarded the third prize, his rendering being very fair, but not always in tune. CHILDREN'S ACTION SONO. . .

This item proved exceptionally interesting, although only two parties competed—Stockton .Heath Band of Hope (conducted by Mrs. Whitruore) and Brunswick Sunday School, Bury, conducted by Miss Platt. The children were prettily costumed, and Stockton Heath sang about the sad fate of a butterfly, whilst Brunswick gave a sprightly gipsy song. Dr. McNaught said he was a great believer in the educational value of action songs. They taught a great deal more than those who had not thought about it had any idea of—the poetry of motion, the power of doing things in unison and graceful movement. In giving an action song the com- petitors ought to see that the action started from the time they appeared on the platform and continued until they disappears I. There should be no cessation of appeal to the eye and to the ear. The Stockton Heath children were nicely costumed, and there was a pretty contrash of colour. They were also well drilled, but there was a stop during which they were quite still, and there was some uncertainty about the exit. Tho action had point in it and was done with unanimity. The tune itself was rather angular but the singing was good. Ile awarded them 60 marks. The Brunswick party gave a more experienced performance. They at once impressed the audience by an effective entry. The costumes were good and the colours were brilliant. The pace was a trifle slow and the dancing should be lighter. The performance presented a delightful spectacle and there was no pause, something of interest and great varietyl marking it throughout. He awarded them 75 marks and they therefore obtained the prize of two guineas. CHILDREN'S CHOILIL COMPETITION. Five choirs appeared in this contest, the test pieces being" Whispering Wind" (Labhett) and " Oft in the stilly night" (MeNaught). Considerable interest contred in the efforts of two local choirs—Warrington Band of Hope Union and Beamont Council School. Dr. McNaught remarked that some of the choirs had a difficulty in singing in tune. Without entering into a detailed criticism he awarded the marks as follows : Sutton United Juvenile Choir (conductor, Mr. W. Knapper), 146 ; Warrington Band of Hope Union Select I Choir (Mr. A. Spruce), 142; Beamont Council School, Warrington (Mr. NV. 51ason) 122 ; Eldon-street Council I School, Preston (Mr. W. Crozier), 122 ; Rhyl-street Mission Juvenile Choir, Bootle (Mr. J. Roberts), 97. The first prize of £3 ard silver medal to each member of the successful choir went to Sutton United and the second prize of £2 to Warrington Band of Hope.

BASS OR BARITONE SOLO. There were seventeen entries for this competition,and Sergeant's " Blow, blow, thou winter wind" was the selected song. The prize of £1 is. was won by Mr. Walter Shaw, of Runcorn, who, the adjudicator said, possessed the precious quality of temperament and was able to vary his muted to the requirements of the song phrase by phrase. He painted largely, but he did not paint a word so much as a phrase or an idea. His voice was somewhat tight and might be loosened in a certain way to make it luller,richer, rounder and more resonant. The small technical faults of his performance were swamped entirely by the fact that he was able to give so poetic RD interpretation. The other finalists were Mr. J. Weedall, of St. Helens, and Mr. R. Tranter, of St. Helens.

coNTaAvro goo eompbatTia. "A summer night " (Thomas) was the song chosen for this competition and there were twelve entries. Mr. Wilfred Jones awarded the prize of £1 Is. to Miss Illodwen Jones, of Liverpool, observing that she had a delightful voice and sang with great ease quite cot.- , rectly. They would have liked occasionally a little more voice, but if that could not be got without forcing and tremolo they would do without it. What ' • they wanted was the natural voice, singing intelligently. ' The competition without doubt rested between Miss (Eaton Mining) and the drat prize consisted of £l5 and Lily Fairhurst, of Warrington, and Miss Jones,and after a valuable challenge shield kindly presented to the careful consideration both at the preliminary and final Festival Committee by Mrs. A. IL Crosfleld. A second tesas he awarded the prize to Miss Jones. Miss Fairhurst prize of £5 was offered. The competition attracted had a very good voice and gave a most intelligent eight loading choirs—Roncorn and Widnes Choral rendering. She must, however, be careful with time Society (conductor Mr. H. Berrey); Blackpool Orpheus and rhythm which were occasionally at fault. Other- Glee Society (Mr. Clifford Higgins) ; Salford Choral wise, it was a very good performance. The other Society (Mr. 10, W. Blacow) ; Southport Choir (Mr. W. finalists were Miss J. Sanders, of Whalley Range and Tattorsoll); Earlestown Glee Society(llr.ll.J.Hughes) ; Miss C. Kenworthy, of Huddersfield. The adjudicator St. Helens Mixed Choir (Mr. 11. Berrey) ; Stretford said Miss Sanders had a pleasant voice and good pro- Glee and Madrigal Society (Mr. W. D. Snaps); Preston duction and she sang with a good deal of feeling—at Union .H. aer . e rendering o Vocal U (Nir. H Whittaker). k ) The f times she seemed to he almost overcame by passion, the test pieces afforded a great musical treat and when He was delighted with the performance which also at the close of the contest the massed choirs sang under seemed to find sympathy with the awiience but the• Dr. McNaught's conductorship the effect was impres- rhythm and time suffered. Miss Kenworthy had a good sive. Dr. MoNaught in delivering the adjudication said voice but she indulged in too much portamento. Her they had had some remarkable singing. He and enunciation and intonation were interfered with by that! his colleague were perfectly agreed on the result. The one fault. Blackpool Choir gave a very good performance but the Ifirst chorus was rather rigid and too square. So far as technique was concerned he enjoyed it, but from the point of view of expression, tenderness and sympathy he did not enjoy it so much. The choir was well in tune but it was not a moving performance. In the rendering of "Moonlight" there was unity and the choir showed that it was well disciplined. Some parts were very well done indeed but other chances were missed and on the whole the interpretation was not expressive. The Stretford Glee and Madrigal Society were a wee bit slow in the first chorus. The tenors in this choir were a great asset. The choir sang very well but the performance was not moving. The end was treated more like a part song with its dilly-dally ralleatando and he did not think that piece bore it—it was too great for that. The performance needed the aurora of inspiration. In the pat t song the warm tone was an attractive feature. The piece was taken too quickly at times. The closing passages were charming and if they had sung the whole of the part song as well as they sang the end, they would have been more triumphant. Runceirn and Widnes Choral Society gave a remarkable performance. The tone and style were perfect but above all that there was the soul speaking to a soul and that moved them rill. It certainly moved him intensely and he did not think he had heard the chorus sung much better in his life. The choir had an exceedingly skilful conductor who showed inspiration. In "Moonlight " there was con- spicuous unity and beautiful tone, There was broad colouring and yet the innar colouring was beautiful as well and there was a plastic rhythm throughout. With regard to the Preston Choir, the pace and tone were good but it was not quite so warm—he supposed the impression of the other choir was still in their ears. The performance was not deeply moving and if that chorus was not moving it had missed its fire. The gradations were exaggerated but there were many points in the performance which he admired. In the St. Helens Choir they again had those fine ideas. The con- ductor, he supposed, was the same as the Runcorn choir's. (Applause.) He was, therefore, trying to beat himself and he (Dr. McNaught) did not know that he entirely succeeded in the first chorus. Still it was a splendid performance. The conductor had the same perfect control. He held the choir in the hollow of hi a hand and did what be likad with them. ft was a beautiful plastic material that he had to deal with. All the technical points were almost perfect but the end rallentando, he submitted meekly, was overdone. Their rendering of eC Moonlight " was quite fascinating. The conductor had such a splendid machine in front of him and he played on it sdith rare art. There was just enough movement and portamento to charm and the performance was one of the finest he had heard in his life. The Earlestown Choir was a young one and he was glad to welcome them. These competitions were not only for the best—if they were they were beginning to fail,—because they wanted to encourage the younger Choirs. (Applause). If the competition had not been of such a high standard this choir would have done remarkably well. There was a fervent attack—too fervent for this chorus—but they were enthusiastic—a quality which later on would be utilized to good advantage. There were many evidences of great earnestness and conscience but they were pitted against such remarkably good ckoirs that they could not expect to come near victory at present. They, however, had their time before them. With regard to the Salford choir, the greatest impression he had of their performance was the neatness and precision—it was so well groomed all through and beautifully clear. It was not, however, such an impressive interpretation. lie admired it immensely as a bit of choral drill. In the pal song the tone was almost sleek ; the blend was perfect. The rhythm and accent were excellent but still he did not feel touched. His adjudicatorial soul was not moved. (Laughter.) lie had got a soul although he was an adjudicator, and he had to have a resaarkakly thick skin too. (Laughter.) The singing of the Southport choir was magnificently clear. They had fine basses, magnificent altos, beautiful sopranos, very good tenors. The pace seemed to be too great—at least it sounded hurried.. They had resources for the magnificent climax of the chorus but the highest expression was not quite realized. In the part song the basses were a tremendous asset in the blend. The end was beautiful—in fact it was the best ending, although on the whole it was not the finest perforroance. The marks were awarded as follows :—St. Helens, chorus ! 75, part song 78, total 153; Runcorn and Widnes. chorus 75, part song 76, total 151 ; Southport. chorus 73, part song 74, total 147; Preston' chorus 70, part song 74„ total 141; Stretford, chorus 69, part song 72, total 141; Salford, chorus 69, part song 71, total 140; Blackpool, chorus 69, part song 70, total 189; Earlestown, chores 55, part sow, 61, total 119. The victory of Mr. Berrey's choirs was 'loudly acclaimed by the audience. The challenge shield had not been completed but Mrs. Cros- field handed a copy of the design and the prize money to Mr. Berrey.

, . 1 , more about music than he could pretend to,that she had better come on to the platform and make that speech instead of him. (Laughter and applause). He really I thought she had rather shirked her duty in not doing 1 pleasureso. she felt i hnobew:nags allowedre 9 requested to pt roe sgeinv te them a little message which his wife might better have! conveyed herself. Se asked him to say what a great 1 ' a shield to the successful choir in that splendid corn- petition—(hear, hear)—and he hoped they would not I think it inappropriate that she should make the presenta- tion for two reasons. In the first place,as he had just told I them and as he thought some of those present already : knew, she was very fond of music and the other reason ! 1 : was that while by birth and by a recent little event—a leap 1 in the dark which might have been rather rash on her part 1 j —(laughter)—they could claim her for Lancashire, after ! 1 all her ancestors were in Greece and it was in Greece that i ' they found the earliest beginnings of the old chorus from 1 ! which had sprung that splendid development of choral I ' music which formed so great a part in the national 1 , music in these days in our country. (Applause.) Mrs. ! Crosfleld was anxious that the shield should if possible . be a link between the ancient musical ,tradi- tions of the chorus in the old Greek tragedies ; and the music of Lancashire which they were 1 celebrating that day,and she had designed what he hoped : would prove an interesting kind of shield as a trophy 1 for that occasion. It was taking some time to work 1 out, and he could only hope that the result would be 1 such as in the opinion of the successful choir might I justify a little delay. He wished they could have had ; the trophy ready for the festival, but his wife thought i it was better that it should be carefully done so as to ' carry out the ideas he had mentioned. (Applause.) He ! had referred to the extraordinarily important part which 1 music played in the education and national history of , the ancient Greeks, and they all knew that throughout ! the whole of the records of civilized history they could ! trace the striking part that music had played whether, in time of ear or of peace, and the influence it had had I upon national character. He had often thought it would I be interesting to have a comparison drawn between the 1 relative influences that various forms of art had exer- cised on different nations—architecture, sculpture, paint- ; ing, and last but far from least because it was I the most important of all, music. In time of war I they all knew the extraordinary influence that martial and national music exercised over people. 1 And then in the happier times of peace they realized I the effect of a Wagner overture or the Hallelujah Chorus. He had a relative who said he never went to hear" The Messiah " without feeling his hair lift a bit when the Hallelujah Chorus came on. (Laughter.) Although that evening they had not had any of blandel he would like to say parenthetically that in these com- plicated and difficult days when people turned to the , sublime beauty of Beethoven, the rather sombre pessimism of Brahros,the wierd melody of Chopin and to so many other composers of great note and ability, it was a very healthy thine' to turn back to those times when the world was a bit younger and have a little of the cherry optimism that rang through old Handel. (Applause.) Speaking for himself, he must confess that stirring as Handel's oratorios were, magnificent immortal as much was that he had written' in oratorio music what came most to his (the speaker's) heart were the most beautiful pieces of Mendelseohn, works like" Elijah," a chorus from which they had listened to with such great delight that evening. (Applause.) He could only in conclusion congratulate the visiting choirs on their splendid rendering of the test pieces. He was sure the audience very heartily thanked them and promised them as warm, perhaps even a warmer welcome if it were possible when they came to War- rington next year. (Applause.) THE NEXT FESTIVAL. Mr. E. LLOYD-JONES announced that the committee had decided that May was rather too late in the season for a musical festival in a town like Warrington and the next festival would be held on February 20th, .1 NI (Applause). -- A WORD Faom MRS. CaDSTIELD. Dr. MCNAUGHT said that before he gave his adjudica- tion he was sure they would like to have a word from Mrs. Crosfield. (Loud applause). Mrs. CROSFIELD, who rose in revenges to continued cheering, said : lam really very sorry that lam unable to make a speech this evening. I came here fully intending to do so' but unfortunately at the last minute I discovered that my husband had stolen my notes. (Laughter.) So you must excuse rue and next time I hope I shall have better luck. (Laughter and applause). VOTE OF TFIANITS. On the proposition ot Mr. E. LLOYD-JONES a hearty vote of thanks was pissed to Mr. and Mrs. Crosaeld, Mr: and Mrs. Dodds and the artistes, and the festival closed with the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND MORA G COMPETITION.

This contest for male choirs attracted only two entries—Manchester Orpheus Glee Society and Wigan Harmonic Male Voice Choir. Wigan did not put in an appearance and Manchester Orpheus sang the test piece " King of Worlds " (Din d Jambi) and received half the prize—£6. - Conducted by Mr. W. S. Nesbitt this famous choir gave a most inspiring interpretation which called forth warm appreciation.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
P ES DISTRIBUTED.

At the close of the competitions the prizes were dis- tributed by the illayoress. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Mayor and Mayoress on the proposition of Mr. 11. NV. Cook.

EVENING CONCERT. The hall was crowded in every plrt for the evening concert. Mr. A. LI. Crosfteld M.P., presided and was accompanied by Mrs. Crosfleld. The Member and his wife had a very cordial greeting on entering the ball and they took seats in the centre gallery to listen to the competitions. PIANOFORTE SOLO COMPETITION (12 TO IS YEIRS OF ACE) There were eighteen entries for this competition, the test piece being "Butterfly" (Greig). Dr. MoNaught said the playing of the finalists was remarkably good and reflected great credit upon the teachers. The piece was a well-known one, being delicate and pretty. He awarded the prizerof £1 ls. to Miss Doris Grosse,of Sale with 74 marks. The other competitors were placed as follows: —III iss F.Bennet t, 73; Master Charles Eckersley, 73; Rosalind " (St.lleleris), 60. SOPRANO SOl.O COMPETITION. The song chosen for this competition was" Magic Month of May " (Newton) and there were 24 entries. Dr. McNaught remarked that we ought to be able to sing the song very sympathetically in this country, for there was a great deal of magic about our May—more magic than poetry. (Laughter.) The song was a trying one in some respects as it oalled for piquant style, good compvs and light, dainty rhythm. , A dramatic soprano could not very well deal with it. He awarded the prize of £l. Is. to Miss Eva. Shaw, of Oldham, remarking that her's was a rather restricted production, something hindering the full flow of the voice. On the other hand, however, there was a dainty style and piquancy and she brought intelligence to bear on the performance. Her enunciation was good and the expression was well interpreted. He awarded her 73 marks. The other finalists were placed as follows.:—Miss A. Woodland, of Warrington, 64 ; Miss Howard, of Newton, 70 ; Miss Emily Tegg, of Manchester, 72. .Dr. McNaught said Miss Woodland's voice had is good, telling tone but the I enunciation WAS not well controlled and the rhythm was deficient in depth and delicacy. Miss Howard had a bright voice and a piquant style. Her scale singing was very fair but, she did not always produce a pleasant note. She; however, caught a great deal of the geniality of the composer. Miss Tegg forced her voice some- times but it was often of a very pleasant quality and she was able to impart mood and-td vary the tone. Her's was the best conception of the song but the inequalities of her voice did not enable her to give full vent to her feeling.

DUET COMPETITION. Nine couples entered for this competition and sang " Maying " (Smith.) The prize of 5:1 10s. was awarded to MISS Lily Fairhurst and Mr. Walter , Shaw. Dr. McNaught said the ensemble was excellent, both being highly temperamental singers, the baritone especially I so. He had a little way of sinking too low with his • voice, but it was a fine cultured style. There was a great deal to admire in the lady's performance, but she should not take so much care to make the verbal emphasis on wrong syllables. There was a tender, cooing note all through the piece, and they knew how to make the rebate. Miss Ethel Parr (St. Helens) and Mr. Walter Clay (Warrington) also bad beautiful voices, , -and the ensemble was capital. Their rendering showed ; an artistic style, but at times it was rather gloomy. I With regard to Miss Silcock and,Mr. J. E. Hannan (of ; Warrington), the young lady had an extremely beautiful voice, and sang with greater refinement than the gentle- man. If she developed her style the would make a very good name as a singer some day. The pair, however, were not well matched. The marks were allotted as follows :—Miss Fairhurst and Mr. Shaw, 71 ; Miss Parr and Mr. Clay, 73 ; Miss Silcock and Mr. Hannan, 69. Dr. McNanght said he was so charmed %iith the perform- ance of a boy and girl from Liverpool, who cotild not rightly be included ins competition against adults, that he had decided to give them a prize on his own account.

CHIEF -CHORAL COMPETITION. MR. BERREY'S CHOIRS VICTORIOUS.

The next item was the great event of the festival— the chief choral competition for mixed choirs of frofn 40 to f 0 voice. There were two test pieces—" He, watching over Israel " (Mendelssoltn) and" Moonlight"

===== 0002601_19080530_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Golborne-street Baptist Church. The Sunday Schoo'l anniversary sermons were preached at this church on Sunday morning and evening by the Pastor, the Rev. R. Letheren. In the morning the rev. gentleman dealt with Sunday school work, and likened the Sunday school to a garden. It ought to be a place of service, fellowship, worship, safety. in the evening the preacher took for his text the words "And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them." In the afternoon a scholars' service was held, over which Dr. Ferguson presided. Councillor Ball gave a very helpful address to the parents,teachers and scholars. At all the. services special hymns and choruses weie rendered by the children and friends under the conductorship of Mr. C. 11. Duwson, with Miss Ilankey as organist. The collections throughont the day, which were in aid of Sunday school funds realized slightly over £l5.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Cairo-street Chapel.

Services in celebration of the Sunday school anni- versary were held on Sunday. The Rev. George A. Payne, of Knntsford, preached to large congregations at the morning and evening services, and his discourses were listened to with greatattentiou. In the afternoon Mr. Charles A. Pemberton gave an address. At all the services special anthems and hymns were rendered by the choir. Satisfactory collections were made.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATII.

ODDFELLOWSUIP.—The monthly meeting of the u Travellers Rest" Lodge was held at the Mulberry Tree ' Hotel, Stockton Heath, on Saturday evening, Noble 1 Grand Ilog,m, in the chair. P.G.M. Lot Brooks said he was glad to see the progress made by the Lodge since their removal to new rremises. Ho trusted they would still increase in numbers. P.D.G.M. G. F. Freeman remarked that the lodge was now on a sound footing and everything pointed to success nnmerically and financially. P.P.G.M. Frank Webster alluded to the proposed State pensions, and said the age limit was too old. The friendly societies had done yeomen service in providing payment in case of sickness and death. ' (Applause.) P.P.G.M. T. P. Bradshaw endorsed all that ; had been said and referred to the Lancashire and Cheshire Conference which the District Officers and Delegates had attended at Manchester in the afternoon. He hoped to be successful in his election on the Executive next year having only been defeated this year by three votes.

TENOR SOLO COMPETITION. Out of 16 competitors, C. M. Evans, of Liverpool, on! H. Phipps, of Birkenhead, were elected to sing "-My hope is in the Everlasting (Stainer) before (ho audience. The prize of is. was awarded to Mr. Evans, who, Dr. Mel:aught said, infused the necessary vitality into his interpretation. His voice had not good carrying power—he did not seem to produce it as well las he might have done—but they could hear that the vocalist was filled with the feeling of the song and made lit live. Mr. Phipps' interpretation was refined, but it lacked vitality and fire. CHURCH OR CHAPEL CHOIR COMPETITION. Keen local interest was taken in this competition, I the followingchoirs taking part :—Bold-street Wesleyan Choir (conductor, Mr. F. Hickman), Legh-stroet Primi- tive Methodist (Mr. A. Spruce), Bewsey-road Wesleyan (Mr. W. Hipkiss), Stockton Heath Wesleyan (Mr. F. E. Penketh.) The test piece was " Abide with me" (Dunstan ) The first prize was £3 and a silver cup kindly presented by Mr. James Dodds, and the ; second prize £2. Dr. McNaught said Warrington was to be congratulated vu having four such excel- lent choirs, because they were so well equipped THE WHITE CITY. for the performance of good music. The Bewsey-road Choir sang the anthem most beautifully. There was With its countless amusements now runnidg full capital unity and smooth rhythm. The men sang the swing for the summer season the White City is pre- solo passage with grave earnestness and refinement and pared to welcome- the Whitsuntide hosts with special altogether it was a very well worked out intepretation. arrangements. Extra boats will be added to the highest He did not say the tone was rich but it was always and longest water chute in all England, additional cars satisfying. The first thing one noticed about the put on the new scenic railway, and throughout Whit- Stockton Heath choir was the earnestness and fervour week there will be continuous concerts by the White city of the performance. The pace was rather slow. Their ; Military Band. The magnificent new Tea Gardens are style had a glow in it and they caught some of the now in readiness to handle thousands cf merrymakers, devotional, prayerful effect of the piece. They needed and Mr. J. Calvin Brown, the Managing Director, is more refinement of tone. A little over-enthusiasm made preparing many new attractions for the crowds. some voices" protrude and the intonation suffered. Without a mishap to a single soul and the slightest Legh-street was a well-knit choir. The tone was damage to property, the White City Staff broke all Pleasant, with a deep, full resonance, and the ! records in the handling of tho vast army of visitors ' attack was good. The intonation was not quite last Saturday to England's most famous pleasure resort. true but the expression was touchingly sincere. The , More than 50,000 men, women, and children, were Bold-street choir had a very fine tone nearly all through admitted. Fearing too great a crush the Manager Mr. and they also had sympathy. The passage for men's J. E. Maddock ordered the big gates to be closed about voices was remarkably well sung. The choir was very , 8.30 leaving more than 6,000 disappointed but good- well equipped and there was a richness of blend. The , natured persons outside. On June Bth, Mr. J. Calvin expression was. always well treated, without exaggera- Brown will present to visitors at the White City, the tion, and the end was beautifully impressive. He wonderful horse" Princess Trixie" whose peformance awarded the marks as follows :—Bold-street 73, Bewsey- created quite a rage not long ago in London. Mr. road 70, I.egh-street 68, Stockton Heath 66. Mr. ; Brown has also booked Cabans Circus with its multitude Hickman was warmly congratulated on his victory in a of acrobats, trained horses, ponies, and wild animals. splendid competition. Mrs. Dodds presented the cup The catering department is excellently managed by Mr. to the winning conductor. Archibald Walker, who was for some considerable time MR. CROSFIELD'S SPEECH. connected with the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, new York. LANCASHIRE THE HOME OF CHORAL. SINGING. _ .

....-. --... _. After the sir:ging of the test pieces by the massed choirs I . Messrs. Watts are issuing, for the Rationalist Press Mr. A. H. Crosfield M.P., delivered a short speech. De . Association, the" Life and letters of George Jacob I said he thought everyone would agree with him that his , Holyoake," by Mr. Joseph McCabe, a work which is ' first duty was to offer in no perfunctory manner but very I interesting, not only as the first full biography of the sincerely, on theirbehalf as well as on his own account, well-known reformer and father of the Co-operative their hearty thanks to those representatives of the j Societies, but also for the light which it throws on the finest choirs in Lancashire—(applause)—who had come social history of the nineteenth century. Under the to Warrington in such numbers and given them a treat same auspices is being published a work by Mr. A. W. that everyone of them had so greatly enjoyed. Henn, entitled" Modern England : A record of opin on (Applause.) I.le hoped that when that spendid musical and action from the time of the French Revolution to reunion took place again next year Warrington would 1 the Present Day," which is claimed to be an attempt to have a choir of ha own competing with the rest. do for the nineteenth century something of what i (Applause.) Whatever opinions might be held about Green's" Short History of the English People " has , other forms of music, it would not be disputed that if I done for the earlier periods. Messrs. Watts are also 1 they wanted to hear choral singing at its very best, they 1 issuing a sixpenny reprint of selected essays from Mr. , had better came to old England— (applause)—and when I Andrew Lang 's worlc, which derives its title, "The ' they had reached England, they had better come to ' Origins of Religion," from a new essay of considerable Lancashire or Yorkshire. (Applause.) Before be left i length which is appended to the selection. The same London to come down with his wife to that entertain- firm include among their announcements a work on , ment, somebody unkindly remarked to him that. politics . " Education and the Heredity Spectre," by Dr. F. H. i consisted of the art of discord and that as he was going to • Hayward, whose " Secret of Ilerbart," afterwards , listen to harmony he would be a square peg in a round re-issued as" Tke Science of Education," has already hole. (Laughter.) So be suggested to his wife, pertly attraeted considerable attention among educationists. , for that reason and partly because she knew a vast deal

===== 0002601_19080530_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
MIA MISSION

Young Woman Found in Awful Con- dition with Scabies—Body a Mass of Sores from Scratching—Tried Many Remedies for Seven Weeks —Result Was Discouraging, But

===== 0002601_19080530_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ITCHING TORTURES YIELDED TO CUTICURA

"While I was doing missionary work In the lower portion of several cities I found it necessary to know a little of the efficacy of a few medicines and after a while I found that a little knowl- edge of Cuticura was about all I needed. One of the very bad cases I had to deal with was that of a young woman who had come to us not only broken in spirit but in a most awful condition pnysically. Our doctor examined her and told us that she had scabies (the itch), incipient paresis, rheumatism, etc., brought on from exposure and the effects of her ragged-edged life. Her poor body was a mass of sores from scratching and she was not able to retain solid food. We tried many things, a good tonic was prescribed and baths with a rubbing of lard and sulphur. We worked hard for seven weeks and you can imagine how discouraged we were when, after all that time, we could see so little improvement. One day I hap- pened to see a Cuticura advertisement telling how a little baby had been cured of a bad case of skin eruption, and although I had but 97 cents (four shillings) with me, I bought a cake of Cuticura Soap and a bottle of Cuticura Resolvent. When I reached home I was like a child with a new toy, and we bathed our patient well and gave her a full dose of the Resolvent. She slept that night better than she had since she had been with us and the next day I located the price of a box of Cuticura Ointment. I am • not exaggerating when I say that in exactly five weeks this young woman was able to look for a position, being strong enough to work and full of ambition. In another month she left the home, strong and well. Laura Jane Bates, 85 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y., U. S. A.. Mar. 11, '07." Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- cura Book on Treatment of Skin Diseases.

0511111tete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants. Children. and Adults consists of Cuticula Soap to Cleanse the Skin, OM- cum Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cutieura Re- solvent or Cuticura Resolvent Pius (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London. 27, Charterhouse So.: Paris, 5. Rue de la Palm: Australia. R. Towns & Co., Sydney: Potter Drug 4- Chem. Corp.. Sole Props.

------ \\ --,-.-----L /-, DODDS \ --N-Illi\ 1 , KIDNEY ' - , -t IL i, ''' _ „----,-/ ,oti , ....: 5 -c‘OL;- \\\ • __.---isfk, .'i(-_ I DNE_Y:I- - 4E hm •of . .ictitn,ylAis -sosto, 0. 1 Pi TSD AC 0 •t 1 At3E , T .401,4 1 11113,DPARPtiP' LOS o°.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
NO RATS SEEN

SINCE USING

DANTSZ ViRUS

Discovered at the Pasteur Institute, Paris.

Harmless to other Animals and Birds. Single Tube 2/-, 3 Tubes St-, Post Free FROM

DANYSZ VJL3S LTO., Bax 292. Sussex Rouse. 52, Leadenhall Street.

LONDON. i.e. AND OF ALL CHEMISTS.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
newenn5...•%..0%•...meziff4,m.......1

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19080530_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
CARUSBLOODFICJIJR{

CLARKS'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, In entre sex, in acquired for cons= tutional dia,tmges from the urintry Organs, Gravel and Pelns In the back. rtee from, Mercury. Hstabllshed upwards of 30 yea.. In boxes 4s. Ed. 830 h, of all chemists and Patent Mediclne Vendors through. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. lha Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

To MOntitus —Mn. WINIBLOW'S Soothing Syrup his beea used tor over fifty years by millions of mothers br their etiiidren while teething, with perfint s.ic.2eas. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to ttste ; sad produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from sin an I the little c ssrub vV,kes "as ozig it as a 0u.0.11 0 all Chemists Is. lid. —Advt.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

Bewsey St., Warrington. STRIKING POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking displaon Hoardings nun walls.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING. ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING.

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

.

• . r4-t

. -

.- ...,

~ ~. _

. .• • ov v.: - . . Establlshed - - 50 Years. `,--..-....' • ICallard1Callard Sc Bowsers, , ..- . . Butter-Scotch ~ ,04:.,5-•,-,-.11,-......,:- • . • •. , .. -Really Wholesome Confectionery" _ —LANCET. A sweetmeat for all, and may be given with confidence to the youngest child. -.. , In paper packets and tin boxes— - . . various sizes. \ - Manufactory: London, w.c. \s„ • . . te. sb• 'a.

I

•

-,

===== 0002601_19080530_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TV

CURE C

===== 0002601_19080530_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ne oratumer ,tertes

OE WEEK-END NEWSPIPEIRS'ICOSAPRISES : .ICHE WARRINGTON MID-CHIRSHIREI EXAMINER. .1- published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton (-Leath, Penketh, Winwiek. Parlstate, Lyrnm, acc., being on. af the 'Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises &large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mil-Cheshire. 9111 R RUNCORN EXAMINER. published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly loaner in the Town and District, and offers the beet and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. 'FIR WIDNES EXAMITRR published every Saturday morninY. Widnes onntains the I.rce.t number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. T PLTOts 'Ks Asui NTAWTO'n SIX VITNRS? . t. pubilshed every CatnaV Mnrning. The La..qest Local Paper containing th,:, news of liaria,toron, nolhorne. Haveloelr. TAlwton, ite. The district thns ts a most imp7rtant part of the Lancashire coal- ' /11,11 U ST, 1111?7,1Mg rtrk`dlNEß. nnblioned every Rah, iav tn,rnTno.nirenlatinet in St. 'Helens. PrPorot. Pqrr, Rnttnn. P.1.41AR r”,n•re of the;iGlars, Closml2l and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID ADVW,RTESIEMENTP. APAITMENTS WANTEP. HOUSES WAISTED. A.PAITMgNTS TO LET. HOTTSII3 TO BR sOLD. ARTICT,SS LOST. RITSCIELLANRODS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS sAmas. One Three nix Thirteen liTor Is. W0r.1% Week'. Weeks. ne. ls. Inr7 . 01, 65. rd. a; NI. P. Si 42. 11,1. FP. Pd. 45 is. 7A, „, 7.. Id, „, Its, n.i. I'd. 63 ... ls. 6. Is. 13d. 6s. Ocl. Od.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
T.Dointtir ,z-erbantce,

WATTPC). anno GRTgRn AT, SETIVVIT.—IppIy Gov! I,CPTFT., 7%ler/A Preqtnn.

W.VBTrr., A pr,,,,1 m?IcIARAT, ni %cashing or irontng,— A nnTv 81, WTT,Tntir.. r Plltnrl. _ _ _

GIR lvvirrßn vo4 al/vim , onop ; niTTI3II —Vre. J. T. TuoMPßox, liverele7, Weßverhatn•

WAIcTFT) rood strong f4INICRAL ; references reontred.— Rmtsvie HOTEL. Wellington rd. North. Stockport.

WANTIVID a gond COPK.—Arnly hy letter only fo Mrs. SHEIPMAI, Somerville, Trlam olth'ileight, Manchester.

WINTRzorI Y': d relfahl, WPM [Lit frsr Mrs. PALM, 43, lneWngtort 0,, New Ferry, Cheohtre. good

&NUM?, COOK-GRWRITAT, 'shin enolang : srages.—Apply Mrs. INGETIM. Wyntrysrpe, Residge, 141snkhrito.

WANTFP, HOUSTIMA (11•WAITRBSg. Tie.erornee• ; Protestenr ; good w3ges.-11.1re. JecxsoN, 13, St. George's st., Chorley• _

WANTED, experleneel NITRE3S for rol VII,. of ;Tow, Protestant ; good personal references,—Miss KEMP, T ewntam, Lytham.

COOKS and COOK-M N INERALS. Two farm. onsekeepe at I i bert v. -S EL FCT REGISTRY, F, Market it., Ashton-onder Lvoo.

WANTED fiIiNfIRAL sd to puhlic ; references recolrei —Apply Mrs. FR,LICF, Keayoa Janctioa Hotel Kenyon near Manchester.

WANTRP. experienced HOITSHI4 ID-WATTIII33S for the Country. Good wage.—fr. SMITH, Bawley; Tod Chathnrn. Clithero.. _

. _ WANTED. a good GENERAL ; wins ash, and plain cooking ; three in family ;no chillren.-2, Norris it., Orford Avenne, Warrington.

WANTS!), at ()nee, perieneei HOU 313 VAT 0- WAITRI9S3 ; 3 in family'; state age, wage, ref.—Mrs. FINNIGAN, Ford, Hale, Cheshire. _

, WANTED COOK-gENSEAL and Nongemaid- Waitress after WhitanntLie; small famll7.—Apply 7,N100 ATI /LLD RD., Wee. Disbury, Manchester.

WAVITHI), a good MINERAL ; good wages to capable girl; reerenee.—Apply by letter to Mn. POBRITT, ' °Tenet i.," New Mills, near Stoolcport.

WANTED (mod GENERAL for Huddersfield gooi w ,zes for competent gtrI.—COCHRIPF. Ingleside. Everard rc., Rho6-01:1-Sell, near Colwyn Bay.

WANTRP, GRNERA.L (experienced), aze about 24 ; washing ; must have references ; state wages.—Apply, 13, WELLINGTON nu., Heaton Ctripel, Stockport.

- . WANTED, HMIS IE3I 4ID-WAITRESS and KITCHEN- MAID ; small family ; three rrsaids ; good referenon recessary.—Mrs. Woone, Woodside, Hale, Cheshire.

NTEI7I PRTGHTON.—" HETREEDENF.," Rlweon et.— ..I.‘ WANTED, good strong GENERAL SERVANT; country Rirl preferred. Comfortable home. State full particul aro. _

I 'HS TINSDikLE'S NEW REGISTEY, The Palatine, JI Fallowfield, Manchester, requires number rable Maids. Superior aerrtnta quickly suited. S ituations waiting.

&INTIM good GIINHItAL able to wash and do plain V cooking. Family four. Good home for suitable person. —Apply Mrs. DAVE, Swe.t Stores, Market it., Hindley neir Wigan.

INANTBD. good middle-aged SI& FIVANT WOM IN. One who understands milk and butter preferred. Good wages to suitable woman.— Mrs. FoPE, Bell's Farm. Melling. near Liverpool.

WANTED immediately at th3Trainad Nurses' Morn, 53, Liverpool rd., Itirkdale, a bright, Intelligent HOUS3 NURSE with not less than six mouths' tralning.—Apply 'SHE PRINCIPAL. NVANTIM at once good plain HOUSEKISISPER for working-man ; all duties ; three children, 9, 12 and 14 : about 50 years of age.—Apply linusEtt lint FJRD, Lower Fold, Aehton-under-Lyne.

QhItVAITIS EIiGISTBY.—GUNBRALS and COOK- GEBBRALS wanted at once. Good characters essential. Stamped envelope for reply.—Mrs. BROWN, Ihe Laurels, Woodland rd , Colwyn Bay.

-tveNri(D situation as working HOUSEKBEPRII to vv Gentleman, good cook, domesticated, careful manager; good reference ; age 35.- Apply K., 13J, Ilackett-street, Blackheath, noir Birmingham.

_ INANTED COOK-GENEHAL also young girl as Huusemaid-Waitress ; bouse in country ; two children ; good references essential ; state wages req sired.— iVnusToN, InTercraig, Langley, Macclessfleld.

„ Al ES. PRBSTON, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44 1. CHARLES BT., Blackpool. Ma oldest established in Blackpool, Wants Servants with references. for Hotels. Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Telephone 0637. _ _

AtISS MIDDLETON. Old-Established EED DPIRY. Oppotite Heaton Norris Station, Stockport, WANTS ahorouch PARLOURMAIDS, £24, Yirst-alass Situations. Small families. Maids 4, and with ladles wto seldom change H OUSE MAID -W AIT REESER, £l6 to EEO ; HOUSEMAIDS. llhorough Plain COOKS, a?. to £3O; HOUSEMAID and EITCHERMAID together. Thirty Capable GENERALS and COOK-GENERALS, good wages, good homes ; good (Rags Servants cannot do better than write to above (Aloe for good Situations.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
;-iO, tibe srr.

... __ GIVING UP.—Bight Cart and Light Lorry HORSRS and MARRS ; sound and good workers ; trial allowed ; £lO to £3O ; Lorries, Carts, and Gears eneap.—J. TURNER, 13, GOWerB at., Untwistle rd., Rochdale. --------

===== 0002601_19080530_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ParintrObtps, Ettstneoos.

OMMISBY SWIM'S buiiness for sale, retiring. stab, 4...) 50 years.—R. 8 Tontine it., Swansea. 8. Wale,.

OULTRIC F ARM for disposal near Warrington, molerate rent; grand chance for suitable person (nice inventory), price 2115.-Corrnma.,Business &gent,ll,Legh et,Warrington

XT EAT little CHIP,FISH and THIPB 8U51NX39,43, Ma- n wright it., Warrington ; splendid fittings and fixtures, cost over £2O ; will sacrifice for .£l4ll, a living.—Cownura, Ines° Agent, 31, Legh st., Warrington.

_ DO YOU WANT TO BELL your Business 7-1 f so,consult Mr. COWDELL, BUIIIEeSS Agent, Leg ia it.. Warrington 11111)UDDY.-8weets, Tobacco Business, £25 ; General, £2O ; Confectionery, EEO ; rft-license, £1.40 ; Refreshments, £75 ; Hairdressing, LEO ; Hardware, £lOO ; Smart sweets Business, Nicely Fitted, low rent, main thoroughfare, Stock Fixtures, LEO, BUIL lady.— CASTLE GREET', Bristol.

0115ellantou5, On Oales, etc'.

621 LTV. TRA, CoffAe, or Co.os, for 55.—VALTink7f, 2?, Wellington st., Brariforl, Manzhestsr.

T ADY'd PITRSTI (stampei real morocco), post free le. 6d. BATESON.S. 8?, Victoria r 1., Seacornbe.

-DA.Plut nsrls, 107. 64. ; 2oz. 74. : 4oz. 93. ORECILV, 107, 13oniton r 4., Portemonth.

rlflng LINO to (near, 1.. q. vn.-1 ; patterns free,— MILLIDGR, 38, Station ri.. Wool Nree,3,

livgg ALMV4 CLOCK, wßlnut twa price, i 7s. ril.-13-mr, 11 Belffrlve SP., tiverplel.

Ansort.,l Penny Pich Pnqh-Anio. 641. 1 aryl starnn.—Fluarr, Fratten Park, Postmrvith.

Cqa,RMING American organ, II stnpa ; Real Bargain, £lO, fanitleis.—Rev. LIAVILY. ewry, Ire!gni.

PCARDS, print quickly., 41 Is. ; 10% I*. 91. ; gross • 2s. ed. post free.—gPlßßow, liraneon, Soffolk.

TTOLLOWAY'S SHAVING PACTO.—No IrrAqulre/. Favnp,e 42;, cf. Jo`:,n's at

TF You Are not, Thrnine su"naient, Beni stemned envelope. R. A. FR 1.1,P. 04, tyrotnenn Avenue, Wool Green.

arrn.—Perfnmed Sachat with sample of Toothpowder. Post 2d.—IiO9ETTE, 12, Plouzh rd., Rotherhithe.

.HOP MiItRORS.—QI7&NTITY FOR DTSPO3AL, at very 13 low pricee.-17, GRIT ANCOLT9 PT., 141ancheeter.

FDR SALD.—Two leopard skins, well mdi ounted. Splend condition. Particulars, Mrs. FINLITIT. Verwood, Dorset.

pADY'S MAUS has for disposal, stmeriar costumes Arc. ; LI particulars stamp.—D2srts, 74, Anahurst rd., fiscliney, ,

T". " Pniebtid " Brand, N. 3d. ; 4lbs. N. 6d. ; 6lbs. IN. 6d.'ilsclukLAT & Co., 70, 'Brunswick it.. Glasgow.

11/41-118 completely banished with "-Nitene," large size ls., small 4d.—WiLLowny,43, Wincott.Kennington,Londoo.

kIV BIRD Startling I Eastern benntv seoret,s. le. each.— AURIINA. GRAY, 7, Colonial Avenue. Whitton. Middx.

A DVRRTTS/N6.—Fratns far sale g Petablish R. business.— Particular', H. CLOAK. Grammar Scbool, Klngsbridge, Devon.

APRIM GIFT.—Your Photo Artistically entared ; Particulars stamped envelope.—M. G WRIT, Dodding- ton, March.

DkINTT FOLK, Emboss your Notensper : two-letter Mount/ram, complete Apparatus, Is. 2,3.-1411X8FIELD8, Lalndon, Essex.

WHITTe RATHER 631.01.18.—L0ng, 59. 6 F D. Worthl2e. 6d. poet free.—KIRRSTALL, Langle7 rd., Small Heath.

INIATITRBS not photo': painted beautifully from iVI Photos. Specimen sent £.5 58 —Mn. IC., Drunireaske, Monaghan. Ire!and.

25rk BEDDING PLANTS, 58., magnificent collection, I—, carriage pald.-7.acxsow, Deyne View. Heston Park, Manchester.

ANTT TANNIC THA, ; pao'ref Pd. at FRatory Ceylon. le. 9d. delivered,—Write Bradford-on- Avon.

E 6,00 PER ANIII7Vr. Roc' to mitre this stun. Particulars P.O. £1.—R193, 23, Rumbold rd., tiodoesdon. Herts.

nrAcK BURTLIIS e7er seen since following out my 11 simple and inexpensivc remedy, price 6d.—Evalra, Brnnswick st., 'Merthyr.

I AMES. my formula develops the bust 6 Inches In 6, LJ weeks. Post tree, Is. ld.—Mrs. 131toisx, 126 Peymour Place, Marylebone, London.

PONCIR CARR and Cake Flour. The best on the market /.71 is the " Ideal " Brand.—Wrlte for samples.- 1112clicocx, Rattlesdon, Suffolk.

rirtin Christ-life—bow to live it, or sensible scientific I religion. S. George. Two vols. at la. 2d. each.— POWER Boon Co., Wimbledon, S.W.

rinor Gaunt's Hair Tonto and Restorer IP. per bottle, I numerous testimonials ; combings made up.—GleusT, 40, Worcester st., Wolverhampton. (State paper.)

CI 11134,T BARGllNS.—Pousemaid Dresses, Oxford Prints, VT fast coloura, all sizes, 3s, lid. Send P.O.—ANTOINETTR, LTD., Manufacturers, 33. Milk st., London, P.O.

-15),BRIMESS Fountain Pen. se. 6d. New model, a luxury within the reach of all,l4ct. gold nib, silver wire spiral. —BUTLER it Co., Brook Houle, Bnociland, Rochester.

ILO GOLD, Silver, and False Teeth purchased, highest X., prices given cash by return of post. —Address WARN, Tewellfr, 18, Wenn rd.. Brixton, London. Est. 30 years.

LAnnis• UnEIRTILLAS, direct from maker. e/S. eirf. Silk Cover. Silver-mounted Horn. Gent's Es. 61. If e&1 bargsinc—Kuirrrow,loZ King it., Fenton, Staffs.

CIG ARS I CIGARS ! CIGARS ! I I—At wholesale prices, direct from fxqory ; 5 cigars in handsome crocodile cue post free Is. Id.--}firtorm BLAlR,l,Milkswood,Herne Hill 3.19.

BLOBaBS Direct from Manufacturer.—For 36. IL we will send you, post free, beautiful Washing Delaine Shirt Montle. Money returned If not approved.—Aarclua & Co. Birkenshaw, Bradford.

SMAT lONS VACANT, and • How to Apply for Them. Means and Methods for successful application by visit nnd letter. Booklet Md. post free.—CLEBICAIt ASSOCIATION, 21, Collingvrood at., Newcastle-on-Tyne.

jfEEP copies of all letters ; no soeolai Ink or copying 11 press required ; cleanest, baudiegt, quickest ; a boon to correspOndents ; ss. 6d. post free.—THE NEW LETTER Boos( Co., Dyson rd., Edmonton, London, N.

I /6 Peons vt eFr fpe leare dA Cakenife, Ron lawte withbaber u fourige enhgarnadv;3ed sterling silver mount • usual price 31. 3d.—DREGORIr & Co., (buyPre of bankrupt stock), 19, Division it., Sheffield.

I YGIENH BOOTS. These High Class boots are made by hand, warranted thorough damp proof; 155.6d.,188.5d. Light, stout, thootlng boot edges. All Leathers, shapes. " HYGIENE " FACTORY, 56, Lawrence street, Northampton.

El_l3oltOli LASORLLS, SOUTHPORT, or The Hague kJ Holland, the Popular Turf Agency ; price lists, singles doubler, unsurpassed facilities small and occasional Investors Send postcard Southport for terms ; mention paper.

UN UDDER GOODS and every description of Surgical and it, E.:mettle Appliances half usual prices ; valuable Infor- mation and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples Is., or ten assorted 2e. 6d. (worth Et.)—W. If. DoREIAN & Co., Manufacturers, Robson rd., West Norwcod, Loudon.

FAIRY FOUNTAIN for SALB.—Can be L () seen playing daily at Tin PARR HALL TRADES HXHIBITLON, Warrington.

-PAGH BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them. iJ Post free. Send for one.—Tarser ELL, The Herbalist, 144, Eiehmond rd,, Cardiff. Established 1879.

3nueltinents, 'bare, kr.

I Plat CENT. PER ANNlTsl.—Write INVESTMENT 57, Queen Charlotte it.. Bristol.

Minter.

WORK IN EVERY TOWN.—Sult Youths.—Mr. A.,113 Chesterton rd., London, W.

I[IIIIOTSMEN are offered profitable lime time agency. Mawr, 12, flannen rd., West Norwoid, &H.

UARN 15e. weekly, no eenyassing. writing only. Staneped envelope.—Wemotn, 69, floole et., Sheffield.

WANTED MORTGAGE SECURITIES for large fund.— Apply P. 30. "Examiner " Office, Warrington.

A CENTS WANTRD. large profile made ootelie regnla, L. work.—Wrlte PAESSO Co., Steeton, nnar lielghley.

WANTED THoUSANDS of PHOPLII to visit the Trades Exhibition, Parr Hall. Innomerabie attraltions.

WANTBD chow BUILDING ESTATB,—Particulara and plane to J.D., " Bra-nicer ePnce, Warrington.

COLLBOTOR wants Old China, Pictures. Good prices given. —APPLETON, 14, Rossett Avenue, Liverpool, W.

WARTBD by Married Lady. healthy eland t 3 adopt. premium.—BALLiao. 42, lidlnbargh rd., Waltbamstow

MANUENSISSHIP.—Wanted Girl-Border to train for excellent post. —AMANUENSES LODGE, Warwick rd., Carlisle.

IyANTED, APPRTINTICH to the decorating trade, good opening to suitable youth.—WINSTAYLEY, Park Place, Warrington.

WANTED, gool CLARINET PLAYER aloo a PIANNT. —Apply by letter gANAGEB, frades Exhibition, Parr Hall, Warrington.

ADY with good home would adopt baby. Good prerninm expected.—lßELAND. Box 5343, c/o Sharrow & Thatcher, Holborn Place. london.

MILK I MILK I—Wanted, a Dairy of well-caoled Particulars, C. T. DERBYSHIRE, 131. Heywood it., Otieetham-hIII, Manchester.

WANITD YOUNG MAN with experience, as Chauffeur, willing to help in garden.—Apply by letter only, WOODSIDE, Hale, Cheshire.

WEEKLY. Spare time. Send addressed envelope for full particulars of genuine employment.—A. Gon- noir, 3, Chaucer rd., Broadstaire.

pROFITABLB BUSINESS for spare time workers, can be carried on at own bome.—Addraseed envelope, TJTILITY Co., 64, Croydon Grove, Croydcn.

WOULD some kind PERSON' ADOPT fine HEALTHY BOY, 7 years. M 3 premium. —P. ROBINSON, 16, Scotland, Corporation It., Manchester.

CLAPHAM MATERNITY HOSPITAL, Jeffreys rd., London.—Trainiog In Midwifery and Monthly Nursing (3 months); Fee £3l ; Immediate.—SECßETlßY.

lIIDROFITABLE Evening Employment; either sex; no _l_ canvassing; work nan be done at borne; stamped envelope.—ldagem, 148, Newhall it., Burnley.

A LL SEEKING SITUATIONS. London, Country, Sea- /A side, send pot-rd for particulars.—LLWßENCE 334. Farringdon st., London, E. C. (Registered Agency),

filebtral

Turn bsgo, Sciatica, prescription Is. Never It•known tail.— REID, 38, Trent rd„ Brixton.

LIVER.—Silver Pearls cure Headache. Sickneee, &a. Bose led.—Mr. BARTON. Chem'it, Bromley, Kent,

PARTON'd SOLVBNT cures Corns in 6 applications ; Is, bottle fref..—Paxrosr, Chiropodist, Banbury.

rlVOLS.—Nature's cure for indigestion and Wind ls. If 1., free.—DODRIDGF, Chemist, Woolston, Hants,

COIINS. Certain cure, 84d per tin post free. The North Cross Corn Solvent. —F. • TIMBERLAKE, 57, North Cross rd., B. Dulwich.

ICYARD'S NRURALGIA SPIICIFIO does answer.- 11L. Is. 3d., 26. 9d., 45. Cith post free.—RIDYARD, Chemist, Codnor. Derby.

I 00 YRARS' Reputation for curing sorgs is what Tub ° ire Ointment has ; boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.—Trnatts, 49, Chatsworth it., Sunderland.

SANTAL Wood Oil Capsules. Finest Mii9 ; certsio I,lrl Post free, 2s. 91. per bottle (curler corer) ; four for ne. —BowLING, Chemist, Pembroke Dock.

13ILIOUSNMSS.—Try our Saidlitz Powders. The Sate Cure, ls. 61. dozen ; superior quality. 2e. dozen, postage 2d.—RAYMOND, 22, Paternoster Sow, Loidon,

GHEAT LONDON CURN.—Headaeho. Neuralal t, and muscular pains banished. My renowned Tablets, is. box.—LEwie, Chemist, 13 Kilburn Park ra., London.

ÜBINARY DISORDEIRS, however chronic, promptly cured by Upon's Remedy, Price 4i. 61. Particulars I d.— REPON Co., 23 Godolphin rd., Shepherd's Bush, London.

FiIiALTH SALT FOR SPRING AND SUMMBR.—Waste no more money on fancy names and labels in patent drugs. Make instead at home from simple, safe and cheap ingredients obtained at any qualified chemists. Doctors bills saved by reliable prescription sent for 61. post free.— PRFACRIPTIorifi, 62, Ashleigh Grove, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Mo be tet.

I

VhNKETH.—COTTAGES, 21. Pd.. and 2e. 6d., per week. NILL BTL BET, OFFlCBS,ground floor. Also upper rooms. SHOP, 35,PINNERS BROW, 7e, Ed per. week. 1 2 Storey high WARBEGUSE, REGENT STRUT, off 6 ankey Street. 1216 per Tear. 50, CHORLRY BTRRET, rent Q. 6d. Apply ROBEST Laws, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War ngton. Telephone—No 55.

rro Lin 17, FOLLY LANI4.---Apply Worms & Solt _1 Solicitors. iforsemarket Street, Warrington.

Waltcn rd., Stockton Heath, nelr "LI OUSB TO LES, 45, AI tram ; bath ; rent £l6 10e.—Apply 18. GROVE BT. Warrington.

rO LT.—GOOD HOUSE, Hopwood-street ; 3 be d- -1 rooms; rent 511. Ed.—Apply WOODS 411 D SON, SOIICItOrs, norsemarket st

TOSW6ES STREET.— Occd SHOP ar.d HOUSE attached 11) rcLtaining kitcbcn, esullery, cellar, &O. ; 4 bedrooms Immediate rosseaston ; rent Iow.—ADP 'Y to CHARLES SAM, 6, King it., Wartington. NISSET STBEST.—COSSIBIe SHOP, with dwelling. Matte attached, containing sitting-room, kitchen, ecbllery, 3 bedrooms ; horse esn be sub-let,—Arrly to CHAILIS MUTAT, e,?..kirg it.. Warringcn.

Itifstellancousi, on Oates, etc

rilmEß& (nmplate), H.R. Long, 3 slide 3, &c. Perfect ki order. Sell chesp.—floßpos, Cop%r.

The Examiner, Saturday May 30, 1908.

otei,Pparas, Moarbing Otab.

rIHUBOH BTBETTON.—PAYING CHINSTS received; kJ tennis, croquet, drives ; terms moderate.--Psmi, Hope Bowdler.

T LANDUDNO.—Cralgocor Boarding. Abbey rd., lovely .1.1 situation, every comfort, moderate terms, Particular s on application.

PORT BRIN-BIIADDA. BOARDING-110UB% facing sea and gait links • large fruit garden ; Inclusive terms, 265. weekly, or 4s. 6d. per day.

PORT ERIN.—BLY HOTEL, charmingly situated on the margin of bay. Tariff from 7s. 61. per day inclusive.— EDWARD Wm.temsolt, Proprietor.

RAMSEY HYDRO, ISLE OF MAN.—ldeal winter residence; extensive grounds, golf, billiards ; brine and other baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

SWITZBIILAND, Kuessnacht (Lake Luserneyfotel Sailor closed lake, large groun is, tennis, Pensions from 5 fra.

WEST KIRBY.—Rikh-alass BOARD RE ES (DSCH.— —Mrs. L9rox, 15, Park rd.

IpartinnitO, Itirnishtb 30ou5e51$ct

A BRRYSTWYTH.—"GvraIia," Borth Parade; 3 mlnotea rx from sea ; comfortab'e; moderato charges.—Mias HARCOURT.

ABERYSTWYTH—Comfortable APART MH NTS, moderate terms ; five nthantes from sea and two from station.— JENKINS, Brynhilds, Basra' rd.

ABERYSTWYTH.—APARTNITINTS ; moderate terms; healthily situated ; close to castle, beach, promenade ; use of Piano—HUGHES, Bodafor. Sea View Place.

ANGLBSEY. Elian Bay.--APATITYONTi to Let, close t) shore and town.—EOBERTS, Tr n-y-Bryn, Llanellian, Amlwoh. Anglesey.

NOLESEY.—Farnished APARTMRNTS in a Farmhouse. It One sitting. two bedrooms —Mrs. ROBERTS. Glybeoel Farm, Pensarn, Arntwoh.

A s GLH y.—WelMurnlehed APAR L'S with or ri without board. Three minutes walk from shore.— WALLACF, Barrington House, Cemass Bay.

A NGLR 3HY.—Conafortlble Furniahad APAATVITUITS lA_ with or without board ; gall conking and attendance. --Eitirmrae. Bryn Ball, Cetnaes

A PARTNIHNTS.—Ses View, Beachy Head ; moderate .41 terms.—Mrs. SINIMONE,, 4, Mercatoria, East Asce at St. Leonardo-on-Sea.

I.RMOUTH--APARTMENTS ; every comfort; dose to sea; terms moderate.—ROßEßTS, Arogfa.

IDIP kRIVIOUTH.—APARTNIRNTS, close to se% charmiqg scenery ; highly recpmmendecl.—WlLLlA.vre,l, pworth term..

LAM{ Poor,.— XPARTAIRNTS or Suite of ROOMS.—Mrs. CARR, 77, Sbei bourne rd., North Shote.

BLAOKPOOL.—FURNISHIID, 133. Warbreek north. Sea view, two entertaining, five bedroorns.—Apply R., 11, Albert terrace.

IQILACKPOOL.—ComfortabIe APARTMRNTS with or I) without board. Near Talbot Road Statlon.—B. MONKS, 24. Elizibetio it.

LACKPOOL.—Mrs. HEATH, 0. 13 Flt. Chal's rci„ 8.3., 11.3 has public ami private APARTHRICIT3 ; every comfort needel, sea view, plane,

pLACKPOOL.—Saperior APARTAIRNTS ; public. private; board optional ; terms moderate. —WHARTON', Yarn- shave House, 49, Read's rd.

POLACK POOL—Supertor APARTMRSTS, overlooking Winter Gardens ; terns moderate ; near sea.—Sirs. WOODC3CK. 75, Adelaide at.

fILACKPOOL,—Mrs. BUCK utv, Warier Rome, 8, Rut! rd. 11 APARTMENTS, opposite Central Statioa Excursion Platform ; minute sex, piano.

BBLAC POOL.—t7crnfortable APARTNITINT3, near EAR, K South Shore Stations and cars ; terms moderate.—Mrs, BATLEY, 3, Wolsley rd., Socth Shore, Lytham rd., Blackpool.

nOLWYN BAY.—APARTMENTS, sunny aspect. Terms moderate. L-BEITINSIVICK HOUSE, Woodland rd.

COLWYIit B.S.Y.—Pernaanent or otherviise.—Near sea, station and golf Iinks.—GrANDITL49, Prince's Drive.

POLWYN BAY.—Cornfortable APART T; ; pianl ; near station and promeande.—Bwre, Bgbastoa, timed-

64d

riOLWYN 133.7.-14.PAR.rMaNTS public or private. V../ Near sea and atation.—Mr e. HERBERT, Marina, Greenfield rd.

nOLWYR BAY.—Oornfortable APARTMENTS, clase to sea J and walls. lovely view ; terms moierAte.—DEN Flint Villa, Grove Park.

(101,WYR tlAY.—Cornfortable APARTNIGNr 3, close to kj prornenade and station, pleasantly situated, every con- Yenience.—Tnomsq. Newlyn House, Princes Drive.

COMFORrBtc Amrtments,near bithroorn, from 15g. —Joirts9, " Donovan," Clifton rd., Westou-supor-Mare.

/1011FORTABLB APARTNIVITS, foolnz s,s ant wools ; 1,/ lovely walks ; terms moierate.—lirs. BIBBY, The Green, Parches, Ulverston.

riDUNTRY APARTMEMS.—SuperIor Farmhouse, per- maneat or otherwise. Piano. Pony trap. (Stamp.) —Mrs. Freuan, Little DTO39, ShreWllbUry.

(-WM BHRLAND.—OotnfortOle APARTHEIN'T 3, sittlng- lJ room, two beironms, bath ; ea% ant mountain air. PO3TLETEIWAITE'S PrOVESA HOll3O, Ilaverigz, near Millom.

CYCLISTS.--Glood ACOOMMODATION at lowest term at 9, SlinDt.z CRANE BT., Chester.

DEGANW (near Llanoluino).—gornrortable APART- MBNTS ; homely, terms m)ierate ; centrat—Nirs. KENYON, 5, Stamford rd., Deganwy.

DILWORTH, near Longridge. —T3 LET Sitting, Dining, and tw3 Bedrooms and Wohen acoommodation. GO3l shooting range.—Apply T. 4REE'iILL, COttitll House Farm.

DOUGLAS.—Com VE fortable APART RN 3, !private 2 house, with or without board.-I.lstiaN ItiousE, Brunswick rd. (Near cable tram.)

DOUGLAS.—NIATER's, " PAlTlnven," 6, limpire terrace. A PARTMENTS, board ontionai ; sea view; delightfully situated ; centre). Also Private Bitting-room.

rURNISHED HOUSE or APARTMENTS to let ;near Menai Straits and Irish Sea.—Mrs. THOMAS, Tremartor, Llangoed.

HOLYHBAD.—Furnished APARTDINTS, country • near there, grand view of sea; high ground; moderate terms.—MOßlll2, tiaeysgubor, tioiyhead.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19080530_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19080530_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
itisii

llRHlAND.—Connfortable &Purr ASSNP 3 • bi.fh, h. & ; pleavintly siiecl. faeirrt —qrs. liomtlx, 4, Havelook-place, Warrenpoint, Clinty Dawn.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ISLTC OR MAN.—Comfortable APA.RTARTP3, near glen and railway ; moierate terms.—lir. Cif RIFFIT, Baliavyre Farm, Colby.

KESWWK.—ttpartm ants or Boxrd ReallenlP, Llkes, Momthine, blluttful Ciy; mlierat?..—Grtl3l7 VILLA, Wencathra st.'

j LA.NDUIMO.—For an enjorahl holilav, with MI home 1J aomeorta as'ent A.P.S.R.TARNTri two no;nntes from promenaie.—lirs. itARRti. kv )11, Vanv.hin s'.

ATLOCK.—Comfortabie APART lIRNIT3, iperilU view 1/1.11 of Masson, etc. Private sitting-room, piano.—CUSß ViLLI, off New et.

Air OBLVRR Bkv, ANGLB3TIY.—FIrnieh+I nouse or APLIRTMBNTS ; elo•e to sea; bathinz, fishlng ; terms moderato.—Mrs. OvrEst . Arfryn.

ORECAMIII W.R.—Public or priva.l AP VII' VI 9ln ; I good cookinz ; term.; moderate,—Xr. HoYLE, Castra- mount, 20, Sea View Parade.

NEW TIRIGT-ITON.—Suaarior APARTNIRNCI, with or without. bowl ; close to station ankl furry ; moderat.3 terrns.-10, WELLINGTON RD.

I)3NMARNISAWR, Switntlersrl of Wale3,—"To nely &PTMNI9 or Matti ; best nmition. cloets 11,31, promenede, etatiol: f erme moierate.—Mee. RO3PIRT3. airtre9

DHRMANRNP APARMINTe, beantifolls, sitaste4 on hill side ; terms moierafe. References exchsngsd.— Address W.T.K " Raarniner " Offiss. Warrington.

PRESTATYN, North Wales —Cornfortab'e APARTkIIiNr3 near station, with sea and caluatain V137(3 ; Jun, low terms.—JONEe, 6, MorlPy terrac^. •

DllYL.—Comfortable APARTNISit474, flair atatiol and prnmenade.-54, ADITLAIDP: TERRICT, Ffynnongrosw rd.

OUTH PORT, near Illaminations.—Tiompl7 APATUr- LI MEETS ; bath an plane; terms rnoierate,—Mrs. LoCKETT, 68e, Rastbank st.

OUTH PORT. —Mrs. Srannaw, 9S, Ken3invton rd„ 4 Ll minutes station. Comfortable APARTNIECIT3, beds 23. nights, board from 33. 9d. day.

T. ANNOW-41 4..—Cloinfortable AP irtr C 1 public nr private.—Mrs. HARGREI.VE9, Lei Hare. 12, St. Patrick's rd., South.

QT. ANNEB-ON-SBA.—APA.RT VENTS public and private. Near station, sea and promenade.—Misses 400DLER, The Homestead, Richmond rd.

MITE DOON, near Wirkendbriyh'.--Seven APAIMIHNT 3 ; I finely situated on shore ; July onwards; moderate. Miss DICICEOIC

ATALTE OF LLANGlOLTAlq.—Comfortahle APART kl WITS: V accommodation for cyclists ; healthy situation ; beau- tiful seenerv..r,. gvavq, The Orient, Vin,

VERSLRYOM, , Yorkshlre,—AP4.RTM3lll3 or Fur- nished House to Let, ; two sittinz-roorns, four bed- roorne,batbroena.—METCALVE.Roseville. Rilnbriclfte,kekrlzz.

WEST Kllll3Y.—Cornrortabie APVITEENT3 close to Park and Promenase.-47, VirESTMURNE RD.

otises mit :ant! on Oate.

LIXORANGIii elght-room house,North Wlmbledon,London. 1P../ S.W., for Country house and land, loamy 6011.—Asyno- AMERICAN BOOK Co., Wimbledon, SW.

WACK BEAR HOUSE, LATCHFORD on Sale or to be Let ; very suitable for contractormal dealer or laundry business.—Apply D 084074, Black Bear House.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
eacq, eveles, Tarriageo. etc

G RATS.' OYOLH, practically new, coat ET 78. Sacrifice £4 10a. Approval willingly.-93,Clownninan nn.,Oarrliff.

()V SA.L.F, Lady's Free-wheel EMMA, in geed condition, £2 103. ; a bargain.—W., 112, High et., Newton-le- Willows.

BTOYOTAS for, 3., 4 9s. , 1 • 1,001 cornol9te sets fiktino, Ladles or Gents, ready for building up.—Mi.nrr.'s, 29, Barnsbury st., Islington.

rP2AP with lamps ani evnplete, in first-rite egndition. Snit traiesinsn. Will be sold chelp.-11r. LATHAM. Hooton, Cheshire.

SNT' S Free-wheel TA.NrII4W for Spite; In ;goo' ce-111- New Departnre hob., 113w30n brake.—Rtraftrox's STORES. 4. Prince's et, SOnthrMrt.

MOTOR Od.R9.—Darracq. 1246 h.p., two-cylinder ; tonneau, seat five, in excellent condition throughout ; cheap for cash.—WAREING Grappinhall, Warrington. RANGHR CYCLEII. from £4 7s. 64. Unparalleled value; prompt delivery : 9 moiels ; send for catalog:lb.—J. Maims, Ranger Works, P.lO, Crurnlin rd., Belfast.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Ante In) auttfott.

filubmern, etc.

VT OULD any gentleman lend lady ? If so, state terms.—linmf, Bas 6543. cf.) S3iRRYIi .t TECiTaliKft, Holborn Place, London.

lOAN3 £lO to £l,OlO a-Ivan:L.ol regn-mstble olraon?, 00 1J Noto of Hand. Distanos no obiIIt.—RETTIAND, 7, Douglae rd., ferne Thy.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY TEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, la Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE DATTIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— TUB SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGHED THE LOVVRATE OF INTEREST CHARRED ACCORD- ING TO RISK TRH WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF NALB ARE TAXER UNLESS AGanno AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED 'RANT NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent 01101 a Representative will call personally upon applicants ant complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled%

OW, poultrp, ett.

BLACK. White Buff Leghorn, Blaok Minorca; also Duck BCP:IS, 3. 6d. sitting; sent by return.—Witoozr. Poultry Farm. Martin's lane, LI seard.

Valli FOR HATORIN4 from excellent layers; grand type ; breed winners ; White Wyandottes ss. per doz.: Buff Orpingtons 3s. per doz. Gwyn% Plastcs lane. near Wigan.

EG-s.—Blact Brown and White Lltru-rorms, Baff and White Orpingtooilvee and White Wyandottes,lndian Game, /Limnos, b. 6d. dohan.-0. TUCKER. Bishopstawton. BArnatapie.

3H3.-2e. fid. per sitting, White Lezhvgs, tit ti A.l -Lila UJ dans ; 38. 61. Blaec Minorca+ ; em be seen any day except Sun biy.—Joav TAYLOR. .TUS.. MOIS Haase Farm, Glazebnry, near Manchester.

QIX Hunter's Black Leghorn laying pullets and cockerel. cost 70s. recently. Boys' choice Incubator. 42e., Meech Rising-Sun Brooler, 21s. Never used. What offers ? AiAtTRICIE. 11. Kenilworth, Wimbledon. S.W.

13 &RR ONSTOW N 232 egg strain white Wyandottes, acknowledged unequalled as winter egg producers. Pedigrees and eg renrds given. Reduced to 2.. 6d, dozen. —Dr. O'BRIEN, Barronetown House, Dundalk, Ireland.

Di LACK WYAIDO U 613 from winners, 3rd Birmingham. 2nd. 3rd Wrexhsia, 2 reserved Crewe, H.C. Palace and Dairy. Guaranteed pure Wyandotte bred. Biggs 55., 76. fid., 10s. 6d. ; also Silver Pencils and Partridge Cochins, winners Palace, 13erwick, Birmingham, fAverpoll, ss. AR I 7s. 61. per doz. ; unfertiles Rrumsr, Tailor, Colwyn Bar

CIARK, Holly Bank, Heathfiell, 4ussex, am now Supply white WYtDOTUI E4G3 at 10s. 6L, 7s. 6d.. and ss. per doz. His pens now itiolucie the following winners ; first, Palace, Hayward' Heath, Birmingham. and Club Shoo', York, 19)7 ; Horsham, 1915; second. Folke- stone ; third, Edmonton, Walthanastow. Unfertiles replaced once ; orders, in rotation.

Sometimes Parliament does A MOMENTOUS entirely quiet, unosten- MEASURE, tatious, non-contentious work, which is barely noticed at the tirna, but may, nevertheless, be of greatest social and historic importance. To business of this unpretending kind the attention of the House of Commons was invited on Wednesday by the HOME SECRETARY. It may chance that the Bill introduced under the ten minutes' rule will,in the long course of time,and even before many years are over, commend itself to the people of the3e islands as one of the very finest and most beneficial measures ever passed by an English Parliament. Mr. GLADSTONE made no sort of fuss about it. He lavished no praise what- ever on his own Bill,and there was no opportunity for other members to express their opinion con- cerning it. Nevertheless we venture to regard it as a measure containing proposals which would make the present Government memorable if it did nothing else of which the historian need take note.

What is proposed in the new Crimes Bill is nothing short of a revolution in our present method of dealing with crime. We should have said, "in our present method of dealing with the criminal classes," if it were not the case that the Bill is intended to distinguish between crime and the habitual criminal. Mr. CTLADSTONE'S proposals mark the definite introduction of a new humane- ness of view into the attitude adopted by legisla- tion towards the perpetrators of crime. We have for many years been debating the question of whether the criminal law should be preventive or merely punitive. The Homn SECRRETARY'd Bill frankly takes the view that the prevention of crime is the chief object to be kept in view by the State. A. previous Government measure, the Children's Bill, proposes the abolition of imprisonment for children under fourteen years of age. The Bill introduced by the HOME SECRETARY yesterday is in a manner supplementary to this. OF its two great objects the first is to give to the punishment of all young criminals a reformatory character. It is a Ministerial adoption of the Borstal experiment. Borstal Prison, which stands on the hills above Ttochester, was a convict establishment until not many years since. It has more lately been a prison for boys and young man, where trades are taught, where the prisoners who are sent out are qualified to take up work in some honest trade, and in connection with which there is an Associa- tionyvhich undertakes to provide work for and to watch over every discharged prisoner. There are to-day Borstal departments in many of our prisons and they have already been the means of saving thousands of young men from a life of crime.

The first part of the HOME SECRETARY'S Bill adopts and extends the Borstal system. It is a great scheme of rescue for those who, at the close of their first term of imprisonment, would also certainly be driven into a life of crime if the re were not the Borstal system to save them. The HOME SECRETARY'S further proposal is to make a life of crime as nearly imp os Bible as it can be made. Sir ROBERT ANDERSON, thoughtful man, with a long and close experience of the prison population, proposed a few years since that recognised habitual criminals should be shut out from the possibility of committing crime. This pro- posal is, in a mild but effective form, embodied in the Bill of the HOME SECRETARY, The habitual prisoner behaves well in prison. He is rather fond of taking Communion. He knows how to avoid punishment, and when he is liberated from prison he always slips back to crime. The new Bill proposes that where a prisoner, convicted on indictment of a crime and sentenced to penal servitude, is found by the jury to be a habitual criminal, a further sentence can be passed that the prisoner be kept in detention on the termination

1

7

I •

===== 0002601_19080530_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
1

.

1

of the term of penal servitude. Four previous convictions of serious Crime will q tor conviction m a hahi trial criminal. But

the criminal will have ti be shnwu tn be leading a consistently criminal life. There Will be evary safeguard against injarions and wrongful treatment. The criminal will in every case have a right to appeal when his sen'ence has bee, completed, and his term of mere detention

begin. He will be able ta earn wages, and he will bS liberated whenever it ssema likely that he • Cannot or will not return to a criminal c weer. In 00 caw, will detention became equ'valent to a life- sentence. it is probable that the Bill will produce really tremendous results. We Ar 3 presuming, of course, that it will become an Act of Parliament, for it must surely be endorsed by all men of 'commonsense and goodwill.

The success of the Waning Tug MunciL Muaical Festival leaves no FI3STIVAL. room fordount that interest in music and in _ its

advancement locally has made great headway of late years. The talent attracted was high and notwithstanding the out-door allure- touts of a delightful May Day, the public assembled in sufficiently large numbers to Ell the Parr Hall. All this must have been very encouraging to the promoters who had worked hard to ensure that Warrington should have every reason to be proud of its first festival. Whether the financial results will be completely satisfactory ?ealaine to be seen, for such an ambitious under- taking cannot be consummated without very heavy exPenditure. We hope, however, that the position Will be such as to justify the continuance of the festival as a permanent annual fixture. After the treat afforded on Saturday there should be no uncertainty as to the whole-hearted support of the townspeople. It was disappointing to see anch a 'small list of patrons of this year's festival but now that the objects of the movement have become more generally understood, generous financial aid Will probably be forthcoming for future enterprizas. The Committee were fortunate in enlisting the help of Mr,and Mrs. A.H. Crosfiald who presented tt valuable trophy for the chief competition. We , doubt if any better music has been heard in War- rington than the exquisite singing of the leading _ mixed choirs of the North who took part in this 1 aanlest—the gem of the festival. The local chapel , choirs also did themselves great credit and the Bold-street singers are to be complimented upon !vinning the cop presented by Mr. Dodds. We nclle that in future the entries for this contest '! will be more representative. One of the most I Pleasing features of the festival was the capital jatenile talent which was drawn together, for it ia in cultivating a love of music amongst the • Young that these competitive gatherings do their Illost enduring work.

The idea af crossing a hill THE NEW by means of a lake is not - Plakursta SCHEME. exactly new, but the sug- gestion for developing the Panama Canal upon these lines 851 t. above sea level is decidedly novel. The scheme is put for- Ward by exports on the spot as a solution of the entire difficulty. The turbulency after storm of t',,lle Ohagres River has always been a menace to c the work of the engineers, and the project now is - ;Int to provide adequate artificial outflow channels, but to ottoinduce the water to voread itself over an 220 square miles. With that once done, .-: the task of crossing the Isthmus will be .t.• comparatively simple. Ships are to be carried ,t oP to the lake by successive locks, and the i• structural key ,to the situation will be the ,teat Gluten dam, which will be a mile and a half Long at the top, and at the base half a mile thick, vessels, according to this scheme, will pass from .°oean to ocean in twelve hours, the distance being forty-nine miles. The locks on either side will be In three stages. This is the newest and most Picturesque of all the schemes, and expert opinions till'en it differ as greatly RS they have done upon I:ta predecessors. The tropical downpours of rain n,ave been an anxiety to engineers at all stages "ring works of construction, and the lake is both to c°lve this difficulty and to take ships from the Atlantic to the Pacific into the bargain.

Four minutes sufficed a Tag VIEWING OF Standing Committee of the BODIES. House of Commons on Thursday, to assent to the alteration of ono of the oldest principles in the n h law—the compulsory viewing of dead bodies by coroners' juries. The Committee had ,‘,O deal with the Coroners' Inquests Bill, and on the motion of the Solicitor-General, ,the first Vt.,lnle was amended in such form that when ths ."Ihu received the assent of the whole House it will not be necessary for the jury at any inquest to • view "the body" unless the coroner, or a Majority of the jury, deem it necessary. Thus is a , "321 g-standing grievance removed. In ninety- ' nine cases out of a hundred there is no need what- ever for the jury to see "the body." The police and the coroner are obliged to do so, but for the twelve good men and true it has long been a use- formality. Often enough the body is in any- 4!‘"i, 14 but a fit state-for Anyone's view—its con- „,„1"1 may be positively dangerous—and in d-t...? ease the legal " view " of the jury I" not in the slightest degree help them in 113rtiting at the cause of death. In future it will :La notable exception to the usual order of thiqgs when the jury are requested tol " view the body." m7Men are not all morbid ' creatures, and the Mlief from this unpleasant side of a never welcome 4utY Will be appreciated. A few more sensible rev. • „Ikons of the Statutes and we shall no longer be awe to say "the law is a hass 1"

The trouble between the LiBOUR IN out-of-work British sailors ultuaT Barrarw. in the East End and the th Chinese blacklegs who take ei r Places is by no means a new problem, even in country, In Glasgow Cardiff, Bristol, and all a big ports in Great Britain there are Asiatic crimps ' who supply Indian and Chinese aa,ilors to the shipping masters. The motives oieh lead to their preferential employment are Zecisely the, same as those which led the %IA mine-owners to prefer Chinese and a°'97 black labour in the country which tbe British ,13nblic believed would provide an outlet for British 'about The Asiatic workman is cheaper. He Will accept £2 per month while the Britisher 'Goland! £4. His food is cheaper, for he will eat allthing. The Workmen's Compensation Act and other legislation for the protection of labour Practically' does not apply to him because he does ii3„at know his rights, and never thinks of demand- atneyn. He also puts Up with less air Taco. "41rallY, the death-rate among these unfortunate 'fifaPie is very great, chiefly from pulmonary rh.lBeitase, as' they come into cold climates Farided only with the clothing they wear their tropical homes. Coming straight out of We heart of the East, they do not understand Tertt industrial conditions, they have no of trade Unionism, and it is a mystery to Tii'st of them why the white sailors object to them. 4 e attitude of Mr. Havelock Wilson, M.P., the trretary of the British Seamen's and Firemen's is very clear. He merely dematids the ifriotovment of Asiatics on the same terms as the th The idea of excluding them on account of eir race he repudiates.

A factor in the economic Tug INCREASE OF situation to which attention FOREIGN' has been directed of late is LNVESTMENT3. the extent to which during : the past few years British Dital has been going out of the country. With- any way endorsing the conclusions which he aw.s from them, we may quote the figures given siogsnla Lawrence in a contemporary. In the "vn •ereavnfinancial years, he points out, the RO sed income from foreign investments denotes •sibin4l,", itinn in the amount of British capital 'las gone abroad of no less than 270 millions. a tremendous acceleration of the rate of investment which obtained previously, and

it cannot be divested of its significance. When it is sought to assign the reason for this movemelt of capital from British to foreign securltle3t opinions, of course, differ ; but there is no doubt the attractiveness of the foreign bonds issued to the public has a good deal to do 'with it. TOO man with capital to invest to-day will not look at stock which but a few short years 5g3 constituted the investment par excellence for his &ass. Consols do not appeal to him, " they are not worth the money," he will say. Foreign bonds are undoubtedly attractive, and it must be remem- bered that if British capital is going abroad its profits are coming here ! The recant !ague of the L.C.C. Loan subscribed more than thirty times over shows that where a reasonable profit is offered together with the best security, British investors are not all loth to respond to the invitation to put their money in home stock.

• - :;-, 4."... -"k " -., -', ' t • < Z'' ' '.:7•24 ',..: , , ,:" •i:: ," , r ''''!3 '..i"r• - '';'-'?•;.- ;'''''' ' -:•';'''' l''' ' 1 • - • ~,' s'', .7, • . - 4 •" 1 ' • , ...' , 1 .. Te ^", - '• ee --i*4l • , , I , 1 . 4 ; ; . ...;. .. . - ‘,. ~ r.. ' •.',. i ' •,7"-* ( ' r •Z''',, . . , '. ,

===== 0002601_19080530_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

BY OUR LONDON CORIZESPOND2NT. Politics are now at their high tide. The events of this week and last, social and political, have been of striking importance and interest. As the result of some significant utterances of the Prime Minister last week, and of the stimulus of the Stirling election, the spirit, the enthusiasm, and the energy of the party in power are worked no to a high pitch. The important fiscal debate in the House of Lords, which concluded too late for notice last week, has also tended to con- centration of the issues in the political field. All politicians feel the truth of the Prime Minister's remark that the third year of a Parliament is the year of trial. We are now fairly in that critical period. FRENCH PRESIDENT AND GERMAN BURGOMASTERS.

The outstanding figures in the great scenes enacted this week in our midst are those of the King and the President of the French Republic. Their cordial meeting, and the signal marks of .honour paid to the foreign guest in the name of the nation, and with due State pomp and pageantry, have well satisfied, and at the same time strengthened, the sentiment of friend- ship and goodwill towards our nearest Continental neighbour. The Franco-British Exhibition, which the President came to see, has already often recalled the dreams of peace and goodwill between the nations of the world indulged in at the time of the Great Exhibition of 1851. Sometimes they have been recalled with cynical allusions to the contrast between those Alnaschar visions in a Crystal Palace then in Hyde Park, and the stern realities of the fifty at sixty years that have since passed. Bat the more prevalent and the happier sentiment may bo expressed in the sentiment" Let me dream again" those dreams of international amity, which after all tend, however slowly, to their own fulfilment. The near coincidence of the visit of the German Burgo-masters and their cordial reception by the King and by representative bodies, emphasised the comprehensiveness of our foreign sympathies, while those who are not happy unless they are asserting our own Imperial importance saw all this sentiment well- balanced by demonstrations of the Empire and Victoria Leagues: Sir Edward Grey was particularly felicitous in reconciling what to some minds are the somewhat opposing ideas conveyed by "Empire "and " Liberty." This year there has been less disposition to make Empire "a party asset, and Sir E. Grey's definition of Empire will live : " Liberty and independence, not subordination and restraint." THE KIN'S RUSSIAN VISIT.

Much interest is also taken in the King's contem- plated visit with the Queen to Russia ; but this, in some respects the most interesting manifestation of international friendship and sympathy, has produced a note of protest in Parliament by Mr. O'Grady, the Labour Member for East Leeds, on the ground of the political condition of that country and the persecution and imprisonment of the members of recalcitrant Dumas. _lf nations were to suspend all intercourse until they came on to each other's political or social standard, if one king could not visit another unless his responsible Ministers behaved themelves accord- ing to British notions of Ministerial propriety, there would be an end of ententes rordiales, and of all hopes of what we may call the " mutual improvement " of nations. The Prime Minister was most emphatic in his deprecation of these public reflections on the internal affairs of other countries in connection with royal visits ; and also reminded his interrogater of the relationship between the King and Queen and the Czar and Czarina, which makes the visit to Russia all the more natural.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SIIRLING'S NEW MEHBER.

------- - When the House of Commons met on Monday, the new Member for Stirling took his seat as the fourth member quite recently sent up from Scotland to mark the impotency of brewer, Tariff Reformer, or bell- ringing suffragette, to shake the Government there. This succession of Liberal victories is alrthe more significant at a time when the House of Lords is claiming *to know the will of the Scottish- people regarding the measures proposed for their own country better than the elected House. Stirling sent Mr. Ponsonby by a greater majority than it had ever given at a contested election to Henry Campbell Bannerman himself; although, for days before the poll, it was being spread abroad that in the late Prime Minister's constituency there was -a reaction, and that the seat had only been held by a personal tie. The personal tie is maintained by the election of the Secretary of the previous member, and there are votes enough thrown into that pile of 1,360 over and above a bare majority to assure the new member that he is well tied politically too. BUDGETS AND TARIFF REFORM.

- - - The Budget Resolutions were finally passed 'early this week, and by Tuesday night the Finance Bill, which is to embody them in the Statute law, was intro- duced. The new Chancellor of the Exchequer enjoyed himself immensely on Monday night in defending the Budget proposals against the onslaughts of Ur. Austen Chamberlain and Mr., Boner Law, whose anxiety as so the provision for next year's Old Age Pensions (wholly on the Chancellor of the Exchequer's account!) did' not seem to trouble that buoyant statesman very much. Enough, he said, for the year was the finance thereof. One thing is certain : Mr. Lloyd-George is not going to look for his next year's money to new fiscal systems. The Lords' Debate on the Tariff Reform and Colonial Preference has much cleared the air on that subject. Lord Curzon showed a disposition to range himself with the Tariff Reformers, and has since done so more definitely ; but Lord St..A.ldwyn, while anxious to please his own party and dissatisfied with the Government's reduction of indirect taxation, was altogether unable to take up the Balfoar-cuna- Chaplin-cum-Chamberlain Tariff gospel. His frank explanation of his difficulties was more damaging to the Tariff Reformeause than an out-and out opponent's attack. That we should have a tariff, 90 as to be able to bargain with other countries who impose heavy duties on our manufactures, and also to give a prefer- ence to the Colonies, are the two main recommenda- tions of the fiscal "reformers." But these two recom- mendations, Lord St. Aldwyn painted out, will not work together. OUT-AND-OUT FREE TRADE PEERS.

- - - But the real kernel of the Fiscal Reform nut was quickly got at by the strong body of Free Trade Peers in the House of Lords. They don't find this at all a hard nut to crack. Lord Cromer, Lord Avebnry, Lord Wolverhampton, (still better known by his familiar name, Sir Henry Fowler), and Lord Crewe all dis- played the kernel as pure Protectioa. Lord Avebury quoted with great effect Sir William Lyne's illuininat- ing remark: "Importers are parasites on the trade of the Commonwealth." No British manufacturers are therefore wanted to compete with the Australian ones. The market is to be closed to us, and the " Preference " means that ours is to remain open to the Colonist, while we are good enough to close it to all the rest of the world just enough to give him a better chance. Imports and exports (it was pointed out) pay for each other, and the profit is to both aides By taking in our products Canada obliges us to take back more of hers in return cargoes. She develops her own boundless resources, and employs her people on the land, instead of driving them into towns to manufacture more than she can naturally, cheaply,and profitably do. The fact that a duty is required proves the unprofitableness of the indugry. The root of. the fiscal question is the understanding of free exchange, and of the fact that goods are not really paid for with money, which is but a counter for the goods, exchanged. LORD CROMER'S METLIOD. Lord Cromer succeeded in making the fiscal ques- tion humorous, and therefore interesting. He made fun of the scientific tariffs. What British merchant accustomed to Free Trade could tolerate their distinc- tions ; the salt sacks paying one duty, the salt bags another, the untaxed pen and the carefully taxed pencil? This is the method of investigation of concrete

cases, already recommended in this correspondence, as the touchstone of Tariff Reform. L3rd Cromer, however, also went back to the times when we had a system of Colonial preference before, with ludicrous results. To evade the duty our Brazil coffaa came round by the Cage, and wood from Norway and Sweden came to England through Canada ! There were among traders endless complaints and vexations. SHORTENED TALK AND DAYLIGHT SAVING.

Among popular by-topics of the day may be briefly mentioned the cry for shorter speeches in Parliament and the Daylight Saving Bill. The new Prime Minister sets a splendid example of brevity and lucidity in Parliamentary speech ; and some sort of moral pressure is wanted to check the loquacity of members where such good examples fail. Other remedies are alien to the very idea of Parliament, the citadel of free speech. When the Daylight Saving Bill got its second reading without any objection being taken, it was looked upon as a huge joke, and passed its stage with a good-humoured ironical cheer. In Committee it has received an astonishing amount of support ; and it is rapidly becoming a question of practical politics whether it is not possible by a little strategic clock-shifting—twenty minutes for each of four Sundays in April —to cheat us all into the habit of beginning our national and business day an hoar and twenty minutes earlier in the summer months,and so living more in sunshine and working less by artifical light. The practicability of the reform will for some time be severely debated ; but never has an idea originally received as a joke, and denounced in some quarters as a " wild-cat scheme," been so rapidly transformed into a question of genuine debate.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

A mother was pleading for her 8311 at St. Helens Police Court on Tuesday : " I hope your worships will be liniment with him, ' she said.

* * * At 5.27 p.m. yesterday the" buzzers" at Cockhedge blew a fearful and prolonged blast. " Fire " was immediately presumed, and, the helter-skelter rush from this neighbourhood towards" the factory" was startling. The news soon transpired, however, that the blast was merely a trial, and excitement quickly evaporated.

* * * An important public improvement was carried out on Thursday, i.e. the re-paving of the tramway track on the east side of Warrington bridge. It has been in a scandalous state of disrepair for a year or more, and the wonder has been that no serious accidents could be traced to the holes in the pavement. We had almost despaired of seeing an improvement until we got a new bridge, but perhaps the fact that so many dignitaries were due at Latchford on Thursday after- noon aroused the Paving and Sewerage Committee to a sense of their shortcomings. • • The library which Mr. Andrew Carnegie opened at Darwen on Wednesday brings the number of libraries he has presented to towns in different parts of the world to over 1,800. Even Mr. Carnegie's memory has its lapses when dealing with the details of•hat vast total. Not long ago, it was told at Wednesday's meeting, he was walking in Chester with a friend, when a man came up to him and effusively thanked him for giving the library to Knutsford. "1 am glad," Mr. Carnegie repliee, that you find it useful." Ile shook hands with his admirer, who went on his way. Then Mr. Carnegie, turning to his friend, inquired, " And where is Knutsford ?" * ,k *

As we were lunching on the side of Kinder Scout on Tuesday (writes a " Manchester Guardians" cor- respondent) we noticed a solitary lady pedestrian coming up the Kock from Hayfield. She strode out manfully, but paused, curiously enough, whenever she came to a projecting rock. When, half an hour later, we followed on the same route, we found chalked on every rock we passed the words " Votes for Women." The artist of our party became an anti-suffragist on the spot. The rest of us gloomily speculated on the future state of English landscapes if thess methods of propaganda should spread and we should find, perhaps, " Your beer will cost you more" flaunting itself on Helvellyn. •* * * Apropos of the Daylight Bill now before Parliament . .

it vill be interesting to note that a movement, has been started in one of the larg)st engineering offices in town to utilise the light hours of the day for open-air enjoyment. Now that the fine weather appears to have really come, everything points to the venture being an unqualified success. The first out- ing was a cycle trip to Houghton Green on Friday starting at G a.m , and a very enjoyable game of bowls was participated in. We think this movement might be copied with advantage by many other offices in town, and to those who have perforce to spend the greater partion of each day in an office the beneficial effect of these matutinal spins is obvious.

* * * The Transvaal mines output of gold for April, 190, was £2,403,503. This is slightly less than that of the preceding month, but April had one less working day than March, and its daily average, as a Tory paper's City editor points out, still "constitutes a record." Such dividends as the following, paid in 1907, enforce the lesson :

Crown Deep Ferreira Deep 3nsl PP . 12 Geldenhuis Deep Nouse Mines 25 „ „ , Rose Deep The chairman of some of these companies prophesied higher dividends in the near future. That is how a Liberal Government " ruins " the Rand.—" Morning Leader." _ .

The Assessment Cammatee created somewhat of a sensation yesterday by proposing to raise several local works assessments to an unprecedented figure. The Firth Company were to be lifted from £317 to £B2l ; Messrs. Pearson and Knowlee from £4,62.0 to 17,207 ' • and Messrs. Rylands Bros, Ltd. from £3,470 to £7,250. Naturally the secretaries of these Com- panies all protested and were granted an adjournment in order that the valuer and representatives of the firms might confer. We hope when the Committee has settled with the manufacturers that it will proceed to take its full pound of flesh from the breweries and licensed houses. It is openly asserted that there is plenty of under-assessment here which requires remedying.

* * * One of the late Tom Morris's dicta had reference to Sunday golf. "If you two gentlemen dinna need a rest on the Sabbath," he once said to two English- men, "the links does." When Mr. Carnegie was in St. Andrews six years ago, receiving the freedom of the city, he had a long chat with the veteran, closing the conversatiOn by handing him his card, on which he wrote "Toni Morris, King of Golfdotn, your loyal subject, A..e." - Fervently patriotic, Old Toni" was always to the fore in national celebrations. Dr. Tulloch mentions that he helped to carry the Royal and Ancient's famous silver clubs and bills in the Coronation procession through the streets of St. Andrews ; while the day arter Lord Roberts entered Pretoria, an event synchronising with the start of the Open Championship, Tom Morris was down at the first tee sporting a aid, white, and blue rosette. * * * Addressing the Lyn= Primrose . Leaguers on Monday, Mr. W. Peter Rylands instanced Germany as a pattern empire. Said he: Germany they never saw anybody who seemed poor and out of work. Everybody was well clothed and well fed, and they never saw the distress which was rampant in this country. The country bore an air of extreme prosperity." Accepting Mr. Rylands' rosy view we should conclude that Germany was an El Dorado. But facts and figures do not bear out this. According to official figures the number of persons in Prussia with an income of over 17s. 3d. per week (Z 45 a year) is 3,895,181 out of a population of about 36,000,000. In Britain there are a million people with over £l5O a year, and in Prussia only 460,000. If there is no poverty or unemployment in Germany, the people must have solved the problem of living on air. * *

We usually find something amusing in the reports of Primrose League meetings. There is such a 1 grandiloquent, take-care-of-the-world air 'about thee gatherings. At Lynam on Monday there was much pompous talk about Imperialism. -Ur. W. P. Rylands discoursed about empires that have been, and the one that is —thanks to the Primrose League. The gem of his speech as repotted in our Wednesday contem- porary is as follows : " There could be no doubt the present Emperor of Germany was imbued with the imperial idea. The Emperor and Bismarck, one of the greatest statesmen of the past century, had always acted along the line he (Mr. Ilylands) had suggested, viz., the policy of extending the Empire into the farthest districts of the world." (Applause.) We had thoughts of cabling the German Emperor to ask if this was so, but we hardly like to doubt Mr. itylands' word

===== 0002601_19080530_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Music in tin Park.

Mr. T. J. Dawn's military band occupied the stand Reduction in Sugar. Astreey's,4,Buttermarket st.—Advt on Thursday evening and played some choice selec- tions. n Mr. A. Dawn conducted. Tomeorrove (Sunday) Pupil Teachers' Examination. the Pioneer Band, under the conductorship of Mr. The following is a list, arranged in order of merit, Robert Smith, will provide the programme. of the candidates . who have succeeded in passing the FREE LESSON'S IN COOKERY at the Trades Exhibi- recent examination for intending pupil teachers, viz. : tion, Parr Hall.—Advt. —Jessie Upson, Wiiliam Stanley Furness, Edward . Harry Reddish, Ruby Marion Witts, Thomas Henry Trades Exhibition at the Parr Hall. I Allender, Hilda Gee, Joseph Malone, George Arthur An interesting trades exhibition will be opened at Whitfield, Ethel Shepherd, Sybil Nancy Lister, the Parr Hall on Tnesd ay afternoon and will con- Monica Newton Vernon, Thomas Edmund Amos, tinne until June 12th. Its objects are to bring Lucy— Marron, Thomas Groarke, Nora Brock, Edith articles of daily use before the public and to practi- Elizabeth Bradshaw, Violet Marion Brown and cally demonstrate the advantages of using up to-date Martha Beatrice Wright (equal), Mary Beatrice Exert. foorl preparations, domestic and household articles Their recognition as pupil teachers will be con- and appliances. Many of the leading firms will be ditional upon their being approved by the Board of i represented. A ladies' orchestra will be n attendance Education. and play choice selections afternoon and evening. A Reduction in Sugar. ASI/LEY's,4,luttermarket st.—Adt t great attraction each evening will be the illuminated fairy fountain which will pmeeut a beautiful An Incorrigible Husband. spectacle. There will be cookery lectures daily by Before the Mayor (Alderman J. Smethurst), at the Miss Tomlinson, first-class diplomee N.C.T.S.C. Warrington Police Court yesterday morning, Lizzie Admission to the hall in the afternoon will be free Houghton, Knutsford-road, applied for a separation and in the evening by programme, price one penny. order from her husband, Thomas Henry Houghton, h The doors will be open from 2to 5 and 6.3) to 10 p.m. wheelwright, on the ground that he was a habitual drunkard. Mr. C. EL Unsworth, on behalf of the coin- Compensation Cases. plainant, said the case was before the court on May At the Warringtoa County Celle on Thursday. Ist, when it was adjourned in order to give the defen- before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.O , Mr. T. dant an opportunity to reform. He promised he would S. Steel made an application under the Workmen's do better, but on the same day ho again came home Compensation Act on behalf of Esther Dawson drunk. During the interval he had been more or less Richardson, 40,Elizabeth-streeefor the apportionment drunk every day. The magistrates granted a separa- of £159 paid into Court as compensetion for the loss tion with an allowance of 395. weekly, and ordered of her husband who was killed at Mold Junction defendant to pay the court costs —£2 2s. whilst in the employ of John Lunt, contractor, Bridge q Foot,as a carter. Having hearing evidence his Honour Premier in name, Premier in uality. PREMIER (.1 made an order for the widow to be paid £l2 Ss. forth. CYCLES' from 6 guineas.—J. S. .4.RIASTD, 51 to 55Bridge-street, Warr Mgt° te—Advt. with and the balance of the money in instalments of £2 103. per month. Mr. Forshaw, jun., applied on P.S.A. Meetings. behalf of Sarah Rigby, Penketh, for payment and The Secretary ('Jr. B. Farrar) presided over the investment of £23i paid into Court as compensation Wycliffe P.S A. meeting on Sunday when Mr. E. for the loss of her husband, William Rigby, who sus- Bereland of Liverpool, of the United Alliance, spoke tamed fatal injuries while in idea employ of Captain upon "The Lieensiug Bill." Mr. Healey to dr. part Michael Hughes at Penketh. Hi 3 Honour made an in the meeting and Miss Florrie Bennett sang "Voices order for the immediate payment of £lO, the balance in the cathedral," and Miss Bennett and Mr. W. to be invested and paid out ate,the rate of £3 per Hughes contribioted a duet "Love Divine, all love month, excelling," both the duet and solo being well rendered. Guide to Warrington. The weekly meeting of the Warrington Society was h We have pleasure in drawing the attention of our held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on readers to a newly-published guide to Warrington. Sunday. Mr. Ford, of Latchford presided, and spoke It forms one of the well-known series of " Borough " on "The advantages to be derived from attending guides published by Edward J. Burrow, of Cheltenham, P.S.A. meetings. The address was delivered by Rev. and is issued under the auspices of the Warrington J. B.Buglass on the subject of Christianity.He showed Chamber of Commerce. Alderman Bennett, secretary that, just as the magnet drew the needle to itself, so in of the Chamber, is responsible for its compilation, and like manner would true Christian work act on all who be is to be congratulated upon a most interesting and came within the ciecle of its embrace. Prayer was creditable production. The work touches upon the offered by Mr. Heywood and the lesson was road by history, industries, commercial and geographical Mr. William Clegg. advantages, municipal government, educational Foetow IRE CROWD to the Trades Exhibition, facilities, churches, amusements, and surroundings of Parr Hall. Opens eruesday.—Advt. Warrington and is illustrated with fifteen splendid Liverpool Held to its Obligations. photographs. The concluding sentence is character- When the Vyrnwy water scheme was originelly lade of the enthusiastic author : "There are not many before Parliament the Liverpool Corporation were places in England which are at once so deeply rooted placed under an obligation to give, when required, a in the past, and so profoundly hopeful for the future, supply of water to Warrington, Widnes, and St. which can point on the one hand, to civic progress so Helens, ranging in each case from half a million to remaikable and to industries so many-sided,and,upea two million gallons daily. So far none of these the other,to achievements in the realm of art add letters authorities has demanded to be supplied with water which are not less notable,and lend a lasting glory to from this source, and the Liverpool Corporation have the 'good old town.'" The price of the Guide is promoted a bill in Parliament to release them twopence. from the agreement if within three years no The Socialist Campaign. demand is made for the service, the contention The Socialists of Warrington have been conducting being that the holding up of six million a vigorous campaign -during the past week, open-air gallons of water a day handicaps Liverpool in negotia- meetings having been held in the various wards. The tione to supply other places 7 This proposal was speakers have included Councillor Stott, Mr. F. H. resisted by the three local dnthoritie,3 named. It was Rose, of Manchester, Councillor J. McLachlan, of contrary to practice, they said, to upset a Parlia- Levenshulme, Mr. W. C. Anderson (Labour candidate mentary bargain of this nature, and, further, they held for Hyde), who have dealt with various aspects of the that no public case had been made ont for departing movement. At Wednesday evening's meeting a from the arrangement.—The Police and Sanitary member of the audience asked Mr. McLechlan the Committee of the House of Commons on Tuesday following amusing question :—" As most Socialist upheld the contention of the three local authorities, speakers are prone to using not pleasant inferences to and, consequentli, The original agreement stands. people who possess motor cars, race horses, racing Mr. Leyland Barret, the chairman of the Committee, yachts and pet dogs, will the speaker kindly demon- said they had most carefully considered the evidence strata the moral or legal difference between the right and the speeches made, and were of opinion that no of the well-to-do to possess the things I have referred strong public case had been made out which would to and the right of the speaker to possess the watch he Justify the committee in coming to a decision to grant has on, knowing as he and the well-to.do know, that this clause to the Liverpool Corporation. He added there are many people in this world who have no hope that the decision of the committee on this point was of possessing any of those things." Mr. McLachlan unanimous. said that motor cars were made by men who were not £l4 14s Good second-hand piano.—Woon,London allowed to have one. The watch he wore was a cheap rd., Stockton Heath. Tunings and repairs.—Advt. one but it was a- necessity. If he did not have a Young Women's Christian Association. watch he would lose his employment. (Applause.)— On Monday evening a local branch of the above Mr. W. C. Anderson will address meetings at Bridge- association was opened in a large room over foot this (Saturday) evening and tomorrow (Sunday) wadi:moral's music shop, Sankey-street. The Rev. morning and evening. W. Bracecamp presided and among others present XERP Coot. and go to the Icing Lecture at the were the Rev. E. E Peters, Miss Prescot (of Liscard, 1 Parr Hall.—Advt. • who had attended for the purpose of giving some Local Company Wound Up. a information and advice to the members of the asaocia- -1 At the Warrington County Court on Thursday tion), Mrs. Robert Garnett, Mrs. Sidney Pitt, Miss before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.C., Mr. G. Broadbent and Miss Winifred Cox, the branch secre- -IH. Norris, barrister, Manchester (instructed by Messrs. tary. —The Chairman read letters of regret from the W. D.Jeans and Son) made an application on behalf of Rev. Canon Stevenson. and the Rev. H. A. Lester, at I'the Anderston Foundry Company Ltd.,Glasgow,for the their inability to be present, and wishing the associa- -Icompulsory winding up of the firm of Herbert tion every success. Mrs. A. IL Crosfield had sent a IPlumpton Ltd., file and tool manufacturers; Excelsior most encouraging telegram, and Lady Greenall had Works, Liverpool-road.—Mr. F. G. Taylor (Messrs. Written to say that she was quite in sympathy Henry Greenall and Co.) appeared for Mr. L. A. with the aims of the association and would be one Voisey, receiver for the debenture holders appointed of the patronesses, so that he (the Chairman) thought by the Chancery Court.—Mr. Norris said the petition- 'they were making a good start. (Hear, hear.) ing firm's debt amounted to £350 55., for which they I —Miss Prescot said she hoped that in a few months, had obtained judgment. They were about to issue , when a report was sent up to headquarters, it would execution when they were informed on behalf of the I show that the number of members had greatly company that the delienture holders would enter and 1 increased. One of their aims was to help one another prevent execution being levied. They thereupon pre- spiritually —to draw 3roung women to the Lord Jesus sented the petition as the only means of obtaining I Christ. rhere was also social work to do, and that payment. Since the, petition was presented an , was to take care of lonely girls and induce them to order had been made in the Lancashire Chancery . become members. The intellectual side must not bei Court to enforce the debentures. The company had forgotten. It would be serviceable to have Bible issued certain debentures charging the company's classes and classes of other kinds to make girls feel assets and the debenture holders commenced an action that there was something worth living for.—Mrs. in the Chancery Court for the appointment of a receiver. Garnett proposed a vote of thanks to Miss Prescot for That receiver was now in possession of the assets of her interesting address, and for the high note she had the company, so he (Mr. Norris) thought his Honour struck, and which she hoped would be maintatned in must come to the conclusion that the company was the association in the time to come.—Miss Broadbent unable to pay its way and it was on that account that the seconded, and the motion was agreed to. Tea and winding up order was applied for. There was no coffee and light refreshments were afterwards served. opposition to the application.—His Honour made an PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER TEI CLOCK FOR BEST order for the compulsory winding iab of the company, BOOTS IN LA.NCASIIIRE.—Advt. petitioner to be paid his costs. -`., Reduction in Sugar. Asettee's,4,Buttermarket at.t—Advt

Saving Daylight. Mr. J. J. Crosfield, depuV chairman and managing director of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited, Warrington, gave evidence before the Select Com- mittee of the House of Commons on the Daylight- !saving Bill on Thursday. He said that the company employed 1,593 men. He believed that the Bill would be of the greatest possible value to w irking men generally, and he joined issle with Sir George Livessy, chairman of the Metropolitan Gas Company, in this respect. In June, 1931, his firm altered the hours of their Office staff from 9 and 5.30 to 8.39 and 5, the intention being to revert to the old hours in October. But when October came the staff, which numbered 103, asked to b 3 allowed to continue the summer hours. The hours in the fsctory were from 7.30 to 5.33. The difficulty of m skin a change there was that the now dinner hour would not as a rule fit 11 with the general household arrangements of the workers.

WATER FIRENTORKS.—See the Fairy Fountain at the Trades Exhibition, Parr Hati.—Advt. PUBLIC BENEVIT.—UNDER THI CLOCK TOR BEST BOOTS IN LAIWASIIIRE.—Advt. • Serious Leather Thefts. At Warrington, on Viredaesday, Charles Steele, Aiken-street ' • John Magian, Erwood-street ; George Ellis, Elizabeth-street ; awl Frederick Bloomfield, Goulden-street ; four youths, were charged with breaking and entering the works of Randall Bros., Limited, Tanner's-lane, on two dates in April and May, and stealing fourteen bends of leather, of the value of £l2 10i.—A1r. A. Browne, who prosecuted, said a remand would be necessary. in order that the Chief Constable might make inquiries as ta where the leather had been disposed of. The prisoners had admitted the offence, and it appeared that a portion of the stolen property had been sold to local shoemakers. In consequence of a communication Detective Woolla- cott secreted himself in the shop of Mr. Clarke, Liverpool-road. He there heard prisoner Bloomfield offer a portion of the leather for sale. This lei to his arrest, and subsequently the other three youths were also arrested. The leather was in an unfinished state, and ought not to have been bought by anyone who understood the trade.—The magistrates granted a remand until Tuesday next. DON'T Fortorr.—High-cliss vocalists at the Trades Exhibition, Parr Hall.--Advt. Death of Mr. W. Bradbury. -

We regret to announce the death of a well-known Warrington resident, Mr. William Bradbury, of 327, Lovely-lane, on the 21st inst. after a comparatively short illness. Theceased was employed at the Pearson and Knowles works as a shingler for over 28 years. He came to Warrington 38 years ago and commenced work at the Whitecross Works but after working there for about 10 years he joined the Pearson and Knowles Co., by whom he was employed up to the last. He was a Liberal of the old school and took an active 'part in the last election. He was very generally respected and his loss will be keenly felt by a large circle of frien4lle leaves behind Itirn a widow and eight children to mourn his loss. The funeral took place on Monday last at the Warrington Cenetery, the chief mourners being his three sons, John, Joe and Bart. Toe firm were represented by Mr. Rowe, the bearers being ten of his old fellow workmen. A. number of beautiful wreaths were sent by the widow, John Bradbury and family, Joseph Bradbury and family, Bert Bradbury and family, Mrs Appleton, Rebecca (daughters) Nellv and Ada (grandchildren), \f r. and Mrs. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. James, junior, Mr. and Mrs. Kennon, Mr. and Mrs. James, senior. KING Corrox will open the Trades Eshibition, Parr Hall, on Tuesday.—Advt. Reduction in Sugar. AsgrAvv's,4,Buttermarket st.—Ad v t Legh-street Tea and Concert.

The quarterly tea and concert ia connection with Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church was held on Thursday evening, when a large number sat down to tea, after which a very successful concert was pro- ceeded with, under Coo presidency of Miss A. Rowlands, who gave a brief address. The concert opened with a a pianoforte duet by the Misses Titchett, which was executed in fine 'style. Then followed a sneezing chorus by the young ladies, entitled "The merry month of May," and whieh humor- ously iltustrated the results which accrue from putting on summer clothing too early in the season. Miss May Lord, of Manchester, who has a fine contralto voice of pleasing quality 'and good range,was well received in her songs " The Toilers" and" Sing me to 'sleep " for the latter of which she ! was encored. Miss A. Woodland was happy in her selection of " What's a little maid to do?" and the piquancy that,this song called for was cleverly dis- played, and delighted the audience. Miss A. Bridge rendered the fine song " Oh Beating waves," and her delicate treatment of same revealed true artistic taste. The song and chorus " There was a mouse," by Miss J, Shaw and choir was well received as were also two humorous recitations by Miss Buglass, " Hanging a Picture "and "The Inventor's Wife" the latter ,taking well with the audience. The instrumental duet: " Men of Harleclo " and variations pldy,ed oa toy instruments by Misses Bridge and Buglass was very amasing and an encore wasdemanded. A musical sketch next followed which consisted of instrumental selec- tions by the young ladies who had a full band of tpy instruments. Song, " Love's old sweet song" by Miss Cotten ; song, The Happy Jappy " and tambourine Solo by Miss Elwell ; ventriloquial sketch by Miss L Buglass ; chorus, " Schnider's Band," Miss A. Bridge taking the solo (encored). The last item was a selec- tion by band" Swannie River," and concluded a pro- gramme which for fun and variety left little to be , desired. The fall list of performers was as follows: I —Miss %glass, Miss L. Buglass, Misses A. Bridge, Cotton, Elwell, Parkes, J. Shaw, A. Shaw, Spruce, Titchett, A. Woodland, N. Woodland and Lord. Miss A.. Titchett and Mr. A. W. Clatworthy ably acted as accompanists.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Flower Show at the White City. The first of a series of Flower Shows to be held at the White City this season will be opened on Wednes- day next, extending over three days. A great many competitors have entered for the different classes, and no doubt there will be a great deal of interest taken by the public in this exhibition. SIX GUINEAS Will purchase a fully guaranteed PRESIIER CYCLE. Inspection invited.—J. S. GAR- AND, 51,53, & 55 Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Confirmation at the Parish Church. • The Lord Bishop of Liverpool held a canfirmntion service at the Parish Church on Saturday; afternoon. The candidates numbered 170 and earns from the Parish Church, St. Clement's Mission, and St. George's Mission. The Bishop delivered ttvo addresses, one before and one after the laying on of hands, arid gave the candidates some sound advice. PUFILIC BENEFIT.—UNDER TRH CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASKIRE.—Advt. Theft of Lead. ' • James Green, aged sixteen, James-street, pleaded uilty at the Warrington Police Court, yester, lav, t tealing 141bs. of lead from Messrs. Pochin and Corn pany's works, Bank Quay. Prisoner was employed as a carter for a local firm. Whilst visiting the works on Thursday he took occasion to steal the load, which was afterwards found concealed in a box at the rear of his larry.—The magistrates imposed a fine of £l. or seven days. LovEns or Music should hear the high-class Promenade Concerts at the Trades Exhibition, Parr MlL—Advt. Sequel to a Cycle Accident. At a special sitting of the Warrington Ginnta Court on Monclat,,before his Honour Judge Shiresa Sarah Molyneut, a domestic servant employed by Mrs. Worsley, the Cottage, Winwick, brought an action against John Turner, Garibaldi-street, for damages for personal injuries sustained through being knocked down by the defendant's bicycle at Winwi9,k on September 21st.—Mr. T. S. Steel appeared for the plaintiff. Without going into the case the defendant agreed to jadgment for plaintiff for £1 103. and costs. RAY GILLETTE SAIPETY RAZORS for comfort in shaving.-4gent, J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge street, Warrington.—Advt. „Warrington Shop Theft. John Grant, a labourer, of Naylor-street, pleaded guilty at the Warrington Police Court, on Thursday, Ito stealing 2s. 31. in coppers from the shop of Robert Emmett,pork butcher,Buttermarket-street. On Wednes- day night prosecutor left the shop for a few minutes to go,into the back kitchen. Rearing a noise, he hurried back and saw prisoner at the back of the counter with the drawer open and some coppers in his hand, which ho placed in his pocket. After a struggle to get away prisoner was given into the custody of Police-constable Bennett. The magistrates committed him for three months.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH OF THE TOWN. Medical Officar's Annual Rapp/.

The first annual report of Dr. J. Coote Hibbert, Medical °Meer of Health for Warrington, has been issued this week, and forms a comprehensive volume of over 60 pages. In the coufse of his report, Dr. Hibbert says, after paying a compliment to the work of the late Dr. Gornall end Dr. Gaffikin, the general, the zymotic, and the infantile death-rates all show a marked improve- ment on those for the previous year. Thus the improve- ment in this respect, which is evident in most of the large towns of England nd Wales, has also shown itself in Warrington, and it will be extremely gratifying to the Committee to find that durina the year in which their actions have been much criticised,the chief mortality rates have been the lowest on record. How far the repeated flushing of the town with rain and the accompanying cool weather during the greater part of the summer are responsible for these results, the vtatistics for a warmer and drier summer will show, but at any rate we have here a hint that the thorough cleansing of streets and especially of courts and back passiges roust be scrupulously carried out. And I would lay down this proposition that,other conditions being constant, the death-rates for any town —and this especially applies to the zymotic and infantile rates—will be high or low according as animal or :vegetable refuse is allowed to accumulate in its midst or the converse. Nowhere is organic matter a greater danger than in enclosed courts and ill-c4ntilated b3.6k-yards, and very special attention should be paid to the cleansine, of and the removal of all refuse from these areas, and as far as possible water-closets should be substituted fox pail-closets in these parts of the Borough. At present many dwellings receive their so-called fresh air more or less directly from the atmosphere of the pail- closet, which more often than not in the poorer districts is surrounded by liquid filth which has in some way escaped the pail. The question of convefting the present pail-closet into a water-closet system, and of re-sewering the town is, lam quite aware, a very dull- cult one and is certainly too large a subject for me to bring forward at the present time ; but so long as the present system remains, the sanitation of Warrington cannot be said to be satisfactory. That the majority of houses should have a collection of human excreta hard by their beck doors and pervading the air of their very larders is surely a blot on present-day sanitation. The report then deals at length with the chief causes of death, tuberculosis claimiog the largest number of victims (139), or one-eighth of the total number of deaths from all causes. The milk an'l meat supplies are discussed carefully. Paragraphs also deal with the prevalence of scarlet fever, diphtheria, and measles, and a special chapter is devoted to Infantile Mortality. The most notable feature is a reduction in the number of deaths from diarrhcea-100 in 1906, and only 32 in 1907. Slaughter-houses and the need for a public abbatoir are also commented upon. A section is devoted to the work of female inspector. 'TOWN COUNCIL MEETING. ' 'The report will be discussed at the ordinary meeting Li of the Town Council to be held on Tuesday evening.

"PRINTERS' PIE" SOLD OUT. - Mr. W. Hugh Spottiswoode is pleased to say that, thanks to the generous notice given to "Printers' Pie" by the newspaper press, and to the immense demand for it by the public, the large edition of 150,000 .. • - - copies has been sold out by the publisher. Notwith- standing this, however, additional orders are being IF THE EYES have a tired sensation, if troubled received from the trade which it is unfortunately impos- with habitual headache, if the eyes cannot stand the bible for the publisher to execute. It is therefore light, get the sight tested by JOHNSTON WATSON, incumbent on all who have not obtained a copy, that Eyesight Specialist, St, Bridge-street, Warrington. they should apply to their bookstall or newsagint at Low charges. Satisfaction guaranteed.—Advt. once.—llis Majesty the King has graciously accepted a copy of " Printers' Pie."

1 ~..+ ...., . - -,;,... ....A -

..0

I

I

\

, ..

• . 6 The Examiner Saturday May 30 1908 9 a . , I LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. ROYAL COURT THEATRE. EMPIRE DAY. lan imperial trust tbey mus.t be on their guard ; Commerce), and the Rev. W. Bracecamp, while in the against the kind of patriotism which supremely . afternoon Captain Crosfleld, Mr. J. H. Smethnrst and believed in aggressive aggrandisements, in selfish and I others were among the party. The tour occupied from Ita•ljriitaikko.. '''' 'i: %era: aseaar " eeaea Meee •meeeememem eel:a-me-ea:lee eeeimemeareeeermacesemei.- -,•s•ea.e.eamee. _ a;:, , ----Ri. e ~.4„,,,t;.:...5. blie-•: Maim •e. •• e.. ..::::am tee ' - . mi '. - -...e.e. .ea: ee m -- distrustful policies towards subject races ;in coercive I 9.10 in the morning till 4.10 in the afternoon, -- 'ie )''..;;_n,..-. .-....:.:1: -,_.::„01-7.*. f'F.Tr, - '", .4...;':i'..;i: ' ....,:..0 IN"' Ki.......,,,.,::,;:_:...,, THE CELEBRATIONS AT rule of peoples under our sway who might give signs I with a short interval for lunch. At all the schools of asserting their native rights to freedom. Freedom, I enthusiastic receptions awaited the Mayor and NOTICE TO CORRESPGNDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication mnst in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor " Lights Out." ...,..., ..;;',..•4-s ~,,..v:;.,:,..4.:., ..,..--. -!. ,-,7.',.,:'. .'''-.•::' .. :::::..'"-1i,,,-... i ''' .' ;'s•-•:;,:* ~. "i... 1 -". ..,:*-C' . 'surely, was the right of South African natives as well I efayoress. Many of the buildings were beautifully -- tiP '-'l..a•iii.';-.*: '':llf ' ;I'l _,Z..!.. P.....4.Z.:- ...*':.:':.:.!;:•.::.' i......;-.4.'"•:6; '..ef-A4 'l'aelittAV4l.irij'.- WARRINGTON. as natives of Great Britain. The great people of ; decorated with flags, bunting and mottoes. His as a guarantee of good faith. A play of unusual interest :occupies the boards at , al- --I'm's- 'd•• ede- ememertm ':dotaii'demodiaom Meemase mefeetesefeesee mam :7t...#0.•:.' •••••.,.,4! . India had " rights " which England would be wise to I Worship addressed the scholars, pointing out some -•••-•. -- :,1-.'"4,411 ~..... ad.^ ' • '.- .',.,"'fl -1:4•3':,r.".3,t ____-___ the Royal Court Theatre, Warrington, this week, and i M UNCLE k:7. „,,.-. '''-' ,„. ~...',..•-ly..:f--,-. . . (,-;:i.,,... 's4o. "-: . :;;:x.7*--- ?-44, '''sk-r: serve, rather than supprms. It might be that one; of the privileges and reaponsibilities which would - The Musical Festival. the management are to be complimented on having ' •. . NED f''''.kir'") e'' e mie:meijf i - meastmee .4 -ms ema mem a • .., Mayor's Visits to the Schools. needed to understand, ere it prove too late, that we ' devolve upon them as citizens of a great Empire. One . Sin-Along with many others I was delighted with secure . p g ut, from the ' d such a reduction as "Li hts 0 " • sre ea 1- '-d-dee'eo i ' 'd-de.-ed: ) 4 . should better rule India by love than by fear. They must of the most striking demonstrations was witnessed at the results of the festival on Saturday last. The Waldorf Theatre, London. Mr. H. B. Irving ' made a ! - Mem -- meme _ 'mem emallee le -met .. .' 4 .:,..-,:,,,.e.,:;-,,, ~- ...... -, , ---- never suffer it to he lost sight of, in teaching their the Beamont School. All the scholars were massed in Warrington Musical Festival Committee are to be great success of this play, and thnngh it is prohibited ; somNeoTsaSlO STUPID AS HE SEEMED. - mitdd - '''d''didadinioi...MMOS.-- ',... "''''' ' %; ' -44.-..eMiid Me m'l 'd's da:', reemeMs.-1:. • ' children the glories of Britain's past, that her especial the play ground, each corrying a small Union Jack. The coagratulated upon the bringing together of such ain GermanM there can be no question about it appeal- I ' • ;,1 '..". - irVieCiilfra. ' ' ''. 'iiiii;*- -- '' _, . . ~ _ . The celebration of Empire Day h.as been .on a much greatness had ever been that of the asserter and Mayor and Mayoress were met at the gates by a guard ing to English theatre-goers. " Lights Out" is a DEAR CHILDREN, I 8,0 re Sh otlinC ea n C ha Ina de l tood gtehde a y na rudi n bo ef r ano f large amount of talent, both in numbers and quality. I am pleased to be able to announce the- 'military play purely and simpl though the militarism 1 whiners of the Easter 'prizes. Some of you inn where more extensive scale this year and in Warrington the defeneer or" human liberty.. Wherever the British flag of honour composed of boys in charge of the head Some of the items were a treat to any town. The cealdes,abnuimt aolnse., aAllmaroset gone and wherever it had been permanently master (Mr. W. Mason). Theband from Orford Barracks is relieved by a spice of momyance. -Every character , seem to have enjoyed yourselves very much occ,asion was fittingly honoured. In response to the had mixed choirs themselves were sufficient to repay anyone planted, it had been the fiag of liberty. It signified was in attendance and played the National Anthem l':,laalle k obf eatrh, ews ea s as l'eereep i ning requeet of the Mayor, the town was brightly decorated which the children sang most heartily. Then at a given to hear them, also the :Manchester Orpheus, conducted by , ut one represents a soldier and the solitary exception ,' notwithstanding the cold weather. It's the, mite flaes, and the Union Jack was to be seen on the very opposite of some of the national and imperial the able Mr.W.S.Nesbit.Then to have sach an adjudicator ° every hand. The Earl of Meath, the originator of flags which existed to-day. They stood fur autocracy signal all the scholars waved their flags end gave roils- - Sa dt 1 h d fll nd for restriction, if not refusal of freedom. But our ing cheers, the scene being animated and inspiring. As as Dr.W.G.McNaught E.S.Atnettlth theahleassistance is provided by the only woman in the piece, Klara i same old• tale, isn't it, if we make the best of on the d g ' the movement, on tur ay e egrap e as o ows a groun . He was tie.srl to a post by a of Mr. IV. Jones R.A.SL, and Miss Backsheen Wood. Volkhardt. Mr Beyerlein ma be said t have ever th'n Sam_ flag was the symbol of freedom and we must train our the Mayor and Ma r , yo ess left the school, wild flowers y o l y i g and try to be happy we generally rope that passed through a ring in his collar. .., to t e h Mayor :-" Responsibility, duty, herid fell youth to see to it taat the imperial ide:a:eeth ns never gat by the children were strewn in their A 1000 corn etitors 'were not an tt rto handle le y d 11.• m se le e somet ing when he produced a play of such i succeed 4 There -is no doubt that the wepther One of the sailors was a ver vai fll h y n e 01V,..'w o 'f• " ts Empire Day path'', self-sacin ice. s . , f forsook or contradicted the old tradition. Instead, path and also thrown into the motor car. At the ' P f h i ' t y fma 8 • an to cater or t e en ertammen o the public. To absorbing interest with only one woman in it. The ; was cold, and, perhaps, it made a little differ- lik ' ' ed his mates to think he knew all about on Sunday the preachers at many places o therefore, of utilizing Empire Day as a day of self- Sacred Heart Schools a little girl named Mary Gibbons get through in a reasonable time waS a great tax bre it action of the play takes place enti ely wahin the ! ence in our enjoyment of the' holida a Well, • h' f Y- meryt mg. He began to tell them about the MIMI took the opportunity of emphasising lessons glorying commemoration of tho past he thought it stepped forward aud presented a beautiful bouquet of was done and done well. The event is over, tiut will barr k fth Md b h 1.1 r - • ' 'Wstr • t - k wtoobre derived from the anniversary. The 'Volunteers would be its truer use to make it occasion for the white flowers to the Mayoress. On the card attached live long in the memory of all who had the pleasure of ac soe a gs urg blan Regiment on mng oma e amends or the past at ahimals, and seemed so-clever that a crowd of here of the Territorial Force as they should onward look, and also he suggested that its look should to the bouquet were the words :---" We thank you for tbe frontier in Alsace-Lorraine Most of the ' the present time. • being present. It is hoped the financial side of , . , e . . , , people' came round to hear what he had to -or mem the question will give encouragement to the Com- soldiers are officers and men of the regimentd lam sending the first prize of a nice story say. The showman was much amused at the 4 • at the Parish Church be inward, rather than outward. He would advocate the hoaour you have done us to-day by this visit, and now be c,alled -anemic. service i. mittee to repeat the festival. I was glad to and Klima is the daughter of the veteran • book to Albert Arnold for the account printed sailor. " I should like a fellow like that to 1b ,' f that its consideration each year should be concerning ask you to accept this small token of our esteem and in the moraine. The more pubac ce e reams - o t . . hear that they would repeat it in colder weather he Empire s own appreciation from the children of the Sacred Heart Sergeant Vollthardt whose quarters are within the ' further down these columns. You will xemem- help me with' my show," he said to himself, Empire Day took place on Monday when the Mayor TRUE AND PEACEPUL DEVELOPMENTS School, Warrington." At St. Mary's Schobl, Butter- next time. The performances of all the corn- barracks. Not unnaturally Klara falls in love with i ber that I promised three prizes in all, but I " because he talks so wells But he weiuld have . and Mayoress visited all the elementary schools in the its own great internal nece,ssities and duties, the reforms raarkenstreet, a little boy named James McGarr petitors were good. The Chapel Choirs yvere excellent. the handsomest officer in tho re • 1.• giment, lent. von.' I -am sending six. To the following I have sent tO learn a great deal first, for. nearl h y all a Borough and the children joined in sineing national it required in order to achieve its true and noblest life, read the following little speech he had . The children's action sone com tition w tree It e pe as a t. Lauffen, and after the bu 1 h • 11 d " Lights story books and chocolates. I hope you will says is wrong." "It is mtrange," said the sailer I d patriotic songs. The Mayor sent tee following the physical and moral and social wants of its people of written for the occasion :-. Your worahip the Mayor, 7 plasm feature to see the Member for the ge as signa e an nomroaoh g • e I. ' '. out "th • be pleased with them .-Elsi . e Stainton, Doris to the crowd, " that big animals are always .. To L d T•nollys T3uckiegliam Palace all classes and of ali the varied races which were and Mayoress, ladies, and gentlemen. Once again we .u, present with Jrs. Crosfield, also Mr. J. Dodds , , , , e pair meet in the officer's rooms for Mendes- • . telea -rhrn :- or '' •'' ' ' hed • Wection to its flag. The supreme thought. welcome you to our school on this important day and a an Mrs. Dodds. I hope next year the Committee and tine, if otherwise innocent, lovemaking. Exposure Kwell Florenoe Kivell, Gwendoline KiMell, and more stupid than little ones. The horse is , London. Kindly convey respeetful greetings from Est er in su 1 ~. Fl ' Dark Will the at e • I send ' orence . ( I t r kmd y silly enough to work for men, but the mouse Mould be not what a glorious history the Empire had' heartily beg to thank you for your kindness in giving the Festival will have a larger backing than even this eventually comes through an old lover of Klara's ! ; I me hee full address?) is too smart and lively for -that. Look at this 13,000 children celebrating Empire Day to their au. . b t what a magni cen u are s ft tf t •t might have, if its the souvenir to the school children. We hope that the year. lam glad to bear testimony to the great pleasure Corporal Helbi th • " 1 d g ; ere is a couramartm ,an a King and Queen. MaM God bless them." The follow- l ; d d' st -My attainment of social lessons of this day will be always remembered so that eop e were e onwar in e. and treat given to oar town by this Festival.-Yours I Now, I want my members to send Me bear, now, the biggest and strongest animal in thrillin elosin s bet Kla L. t _ g g cene ween ra, ieu . von i • truly, conundrums. We are very short ef these, and the whole show. Yet he is the only one who has inc. telegram vraS de-snatched in rerdy at 4.20 p.m , P and individual, nation-a and imperial well-being. The we rnay grow up worthy citizens of this glorious Lauffen, and Serge Volkhardt, the finalebeing especie and received at five Melock :-" 0 HAI S. To the whole E npire on Empire Day surely should have its Empire." The girls at this church were _. . B. FARRAR my relatives seem to prefer sending poetry. been stupid enou ht d • "h • g o o just what eis told all 5, Willis-stree Warrin ton y dramatic. - The very simplicity and naturalness , You will remember that last week I mentioned to do, and dance at his mast ' M I en anded ler their Majesties to thank thoughts directed-whether in schools or in chnrches- assembled on the lawn behind the church and many to g • er s order. The great ayor. anl mm ltation of a people-even of them wore pretty coloured sashes. Speaking _ of the play give it a force of its own. Really, there ;•that we should have a competition. I want lump! Look how fat and • ' " stupid he is! To 'Me children celebrating Empire Day for their to that which was the real exa . . . . 1 11 t S'l tthl M J U C 'd national righteousnesz-and to that imperia exce ency a i ver-s res sc oo ~ r. . pson headmaster), sal is not much reason for the suppression of the play in . each of you to send me three conundrums. To show that he did not care a bit for the bear loyal greetingo awl Mishes.-KNOLT,es." of any Empire, even the keeping and observing and they welcomed the Mayor particular y because of the The Enlargement of the Technical Germany. The rigour of military discipline in the ' the senders of the best three sets I shall give the sailor gave him a poke with his stick. In , TERRITORLeLa," CHURCH PATteDE. • • - ctac l life, of the truth. It was great interest he took in the young life of the town promoting, in p.a . a Fatherland fs exemplified with an accuracy and res- i prizes. Write on one side of the paper only, a moment the bear jumped up. He sprang on • f riehteousness which exalteth a nation, arri a righteous over wbica he ruled with such conspicuous ability. Institute. pect which should satisfy even the Kaiser. Possibly . and send in during the next fourteen days. the sailor, caught him by his waistband, and Empire Day was fittingly chosen no the occasion o e ion or Empire was that which over and above Many dignitaries considered only the adult portion of the suggested loose morals of the regimental officers I shall shortly have something to say on the shook him' .as a dog shakes t the first Chipmh parade nf the 4th Battalion Prince rersid . h dd b mod tho teak. Now the community, and lost sight of the Younger generation, Sir,-The letter of " A Chemical Student " last week i ara . - '- ervt.bine ent rons aa oS3 not suit, or mayhap the part of Captain Lebden- subject of gardens. FRED NIITTALL. . 4 Walea' Volunteers (South Lenceshire Reeimentl. e . , e e• tie of the use of Empire Day hut the Mayor, of whonethey were all SO proud, had on tho abeee, is a very timely one. It is iiseless to d°es peaking more dee With love, - The men, to the number of shoot 280 (with 22 officers), specially when as on this occasion, it fell upon always taken a great interest in the children. They enlarge the Technical Institute if the Education burg 1 's considered too much of a caricature for the ----f- -tinder the command of Major J. D. Faireloneh, fell in Sunday-he was of opinion that a Christian congroga- welcomed him because he came into the schools and Authority cannot afford sidlicient money for its main- German populace to grin at. However, there is UNCLE NZD. THE ALMOND AND THE RAISIN. at the Drill Hall t (1 4" Ind at 10.20 left for the Mon might well seize the opportunity of advocating and SAW for himself Mbat was being done te train the tenance in a state of efficiency. This Is no doubt due nothing whatever in the play vrhich can be objected --Ma-- 'Twee; an almond and a raisin, mem mined at needed social children in theduties of citizenship. At the Secorsdary to a laudable desire oa the part of our educatio ;to on this side the German ocean Klara Volkbardt, HOW I SPENT MY EASTER HOLIDAY. In a dish all silver bright, - Pariah Church. the route being lined with spectators. promoting anything la nd say that tho School one of the girls read Te (US 's po " Mis experts to keepdown the rates. Thi es ‘' * Soldiers from Orford Barracks were also present, and reform. He wonld eventg: a - h fchruircc;iresaof every denornin- Revenge "very effectively.. a-°a - eal °is very detrimental to the muses rf.:llititil:r(i)ns7237 as played by Miss Dalcie CI reatwich, is one of the I Although on Easter Monday the weather mas A raisin, dusky purple, time had come in which , it daintiest and most lovable heroines we have seen ; rough and stormy I was early astir, and wakffig And an almond, creamy white. . the concrregation altogether was a vary large one. .. 11 d pen to give a helping Muid to every The follewing is a list of all the children who received renders ineffective the money already spent. Such a anon were at e u nth t fi -me while Mr Wemlaam S. ' m sister wo went into the o e s age nesome ti , • , y garden, where we Said the raisin to the ahnond, The clergy present were the Rector (the Rev. Canon ..., re which could truly promote the social better- medals and photographs of the Mayor :- condition of things is unfair to the ratepayers, the Willis), the Rev. Canon Stevenson, the Rey. '" ment of the people. The men of prilitio3, of course,could School. ' Department. Name of Scholar. teaching staff and the students, and is the reason why Ryott as Lieutenant von Lauffea makes an equally', had a tine game at bat and ball. It was so " I was once RH full of wine T. A. 3. Ridpath and the Rev. T. W. Tlarber. St. Ann's C E and roast prove themselves of unlimited service in that . , , Junior mixed Elizabeth Hill many students who start the session full of enthusiasrn acceptable hero. The Pair are resPonsible for a piece ; rough that the ball wouM not go straight, but As a dewdrop is of sunlight, - Jack Williams fall away after a few attendances. When the evenin of perfect acting in the love-scene in Act 2. Next in ' rolled about all over the grass ; but that only And a gloesy skin was mine." a„ Mr. Darter Was at the organ and the hymns sung direction. SOCIAL REFORM St. Ann's C.E. Senior mixed Harold Hankinson classes were held in the old barracks, before the regime noint of excellence meat certainly be placed Mr. J. I added to our pleasure. Well, I should think we Said the almond to the raisin', included " Fielit the good fight " and " Onward • me problem of parties and Ada Bate of the Education Committee, conditions were as good, Fortescue,whose Sergeant Volkhardt is a masterpiece. , had been playing about an hour when mother '- ii And I've a tale to tell- Christian soldiers." The Rector in hio sermon said must be henceforth the supirle t address theraselves Silver-street Wes Slimed Artbur Shelmerdine if not better, than is the case at preeent. called us to breakfast, which we did full jus- We have never seen so soldierly a soldier on the stage I I was born ineide a flower, three hundred years age we a n • h rl b t England. Now of Cabinets. But the Charc es mus . 11 , more than ever they had done yet to the question of t e Mary Clark We do not need a school as elaborately equipped as and moreover Mr Fortescue evidenced the ossessi n 0 , tice to. The striking. of nine o'clock awoke And I lived within a shell " there waa poi a continent of which we had not a conditions of the people. They runst be no longer cnn- St. Benedict's Mixed Wiliie Bradury those of Manchester or Liverpool, but we do at least •d ' • • .13 Ila tO the fact that if We wished to have Mere * share -Enrolee Asia, Aides. America. Australia. We tent with the exclusively seirituol aspects of Christian Annie Nolan require a school sueiciently equipped for the teaching of conet arable dramatic power in the closing scene. i Said the raisin to the almond, ; fun that da we uht t b ff and ff yog o e .o , o •we pesomsed nearly one q narter of the population nf tie. service. They must show themselves thoughtful and Beamont Council Boys' Willie Mason of the subjects laid down in the local syllabus. As the Major Paschke as the chief of the Court-martial, is .. "We are both from Southern landa, ! aid go. We called for some friends, ansl after eds of humanity for world, more than 400,000,000 out of the 1.500,000,000. careful of the physical and social ne . _ ~„ Girls' Alice Simms education authority nccepts studente' fees for these admirably autocratic, while on the other hand Mr. iwe had made a nice party we started for the And we came onee more tog th e er, he would best lead the people who aow dammon-street Boys' Rebert Brownbill classes, the student naturally expects that the school Lambert Plummer as Captain Lebdenburg is the acme Having fallen in English hands. Was it not a wonderful thing to belong to anch an in so doingft y . . woods, taking with us two dogs nand some t roach it with faith and Girls' Edi • th Bradshaw win bo properly equipped. These expectations have of conceit and foppishness. They form an odd , • D ' r • / What was God's purpose for ea 7 Surely held aloof rom religion o app Fairfield Girls' Ethel Wilkinson never been realised in the experience of biscuits. It was a long walk, and some of oer on t you thin ' k we ought to marry? , empire . ho 9. tribunal, but even so justice is not perverted. A. good I am sure 'twould be as well, it waste Make Him known. Ont of alie 400,000,000 P Uoper girls' V. Lees A PAST STUDENT, i friends who were strangers to that part began ENINIA.NCEL CHURCH. word must be sed f C 1H lb' h i or Orpora. e ig w o gets.none Though I have lost my juices, who were subiecto nf the Nine. 300.00neam knew Parochial Boys' W. Deeloy to think we were never to get there, Mit we i not Oran the name of Jesus Christ. In -India there fn the course ot his sermon at this church on Sunday names school of Girls' Nellie Monks -- ef the plums in the play, but iS made very real and , arrived there at last, and all our fati d gue seeme And you have lost your shell." ink were 30n,$)no.00ci people, rind vet only 3,000,000 were evening the Rev. F. Vaughan said he ventured tr! th Industry lifelike by Mr. Francis J. Ditbell, Lieutenant v 914. 'to vanish at tb- si ht of the lovely woods Said the almond to the misin, Enelishmen reflected on the glory of their Past, St. Mary's R.C. Bays' J. J. McGarr The Tariff Reform League and 1 Y 6 omminally Christiano. God gave us belie not for self- thatdas Rowell, tte hero's friend, has a capable interpreter in carpeted with primroses and many other beau- ' "It is my dearest wish." d 3 iif her )13m the wise statesnaanship, and the Girls' Katie ITennesey Unemployment. ,T, I Ur. Herbert Lngg. while minor parts are skihu.ff , tunny coloured flowers, We boys climbed the That is wha. You alwaYe find them aegrandimmentabut forFlis honour and glory and for the the ee . 1 *nteerit'y which harl marked the national St. Rumbas' C.E. Mixed John Millington commercia i. , t . played by Mr. Arthur Stone Mr Barugh, Mr W. fl. ' trees while the girls rested for a while, but Side by side within the dish. • 1 0 d t nem to defeni that Fmnire rend of His peep e. ur n y . ' - • - ' ' progress, a feeling o pri ean graa d d 'Miele would rise in Bertha Grounds Sir -At the u • , pen-air meeting of the Tariff Refenn S•h Ma G ' * • i He believed thet i awe trented the Indians Mandist we their hearts. To tile spiritually rainiest this conscious- Secred Heart R.C. Mixe I John Glennon League held in Buttermarket-street on Monday evening mit ~. . IV. Barnes, and Mr. J. Lister. The we soon tired of that. We thought the . girls Rumi ASHWORTH. would gain their empathy., respect and love. Let ness would develop into a conception of an immense Ellen McCormack last, there was a question asked which contained a play is most excellently presented by a company which I awfully inconsiderate for wanting to rest when "---4;--- d •lity for it became the daty of this privileged Arpley-street Mixed Harold I. Jones statement that there Tyere four and quarter millions of does great credit to Mr. J. Ilfaundy-Gregory. it was holiday, so at last we coaxed them to the. cone-rogation think whit they could de to make response,' , . WHY WILLIE WAS WHACKED. h • fl d dto all their borders te in nonce an Eva Kate Booth people unemployed in the United States. I come and race which they did with delight. the name of Englishmen reoneetad throughout the people to exten NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. Little Willie was a perfect " dear," at least, Id 1 th 'I. own individird life their uprightness, power of t. e ope hos l of Jesus Christ, which was the Heateeme Girls' Florence Arnold Alderman Bennett, who was the chairman of the - ' Oh, it f'l ' A i d • 1 ' 1 wae MI ga nan again tieme s raced so thought his mother till recently. She missed d h h of tl eir uld- W rff we". Wel . ' . ' sign of their freedom, an t e propeecy i - ya , a Mixed Wilfred Appleton meeting, stated emphatically be did not believe it was .Next week Mr. Lingford Carson's Company will i 0„ the dogs running with Ms. Then, when we their fairness, justice, purity and kindness, and thus mate glory. As he read the signs of the three, it was Janet Bonner so. He admitted that there were a large number out of appear in the strikingly original play " The Power of ! 'e hau had about half an hour of racing' he oun ste t y g r one day for some time, and when et we h re e appeared she asked:- make renrile feel what a wonderful land ()Yrs waa. , most encouraging to trace, beneath the turbulent waves .Heathside • Boys' Harry Makin work, but the figures were not correct. Now as Mr. the Cross," by George A. De Gray. The author will ! thought it was time we tried some other ame After the Tflemine the comae:ration song " awl of political controversy and behind the restless dissatis- St. Alban's Mixed William Backe Bennett made a special announcement that the Tariff appear in the part of Baron Koulfe Curzola, a mystery • • • • • g ; " Where have you been, my ' pet ''l " l one in which we boys might win, so we Bug- ~ llowine of the May Walsh Reform Leaeue were j e Playing postman," replied her " pet." "I save the King "to the nerminpeniment of the band nf eiction in the voice of the workers, aha s , gome to hold meetings all over (the character was suggested by Ms old Hungarian i gestecl tug-of-war Th i 1 mdto d egrssee e omore ing reverence for human kind, and Trinity Mi xed Torn O'Neil the town with the into • the battalion, and on re/reline the lawn in front of the Divine Name, a grow . ntion of giving morelight on the legend) and Miss Marie Menzi'es will impersonate ' - ' - . ' gave a letter to all the houses in our road. for the ceming generations Gladys Balshaw question of Tariff Reform, I thought it would be an act - l ecreaming than pulling, and consequently we Real ones, too." Town Hall(where the arrival Was witnessed by e large a determination to secure Margaret Seaton, a woman who suffered. There will ! pulled them over. Not once in that game were e vvh . . tunities for intellectual, Lat bfo-d S' J ' Mixed Stanley Jenks of kindness to give a little oil for his lam t I li. p oma ce is ere on earth did you get them I " ques- t 1 1 ''t remnber o MAT e i %vas a in ga• played, after which the the very best possiole oppor I h civil and religions freedom. nt e c lure e.s o 1 hof th e ' '.• araes ' Gertrude Jones light erighter. be new and magnificent scenery by J. Horrocks. we unsuccessful. We then thought we would tioned hi ' ' s mother, in amusement. , men were diemiseed. _ lend there %vas very mech apathy and indifference Latchford R.C. Mixed Tom Talton I find the flgures were not correct. The New York ,have a ramble round the lovely old woods. It .. " EMPIRE Dean-ITS IISM AND aITS-UST?e" towards the deeper spiritual verities, and this led him Hilda Mills correspondent of the Tory " Daily Telegraph," an BAND OF HOPE UNION. took us quite an hour, but I expect we should They were those old onee in 'ollr ward-obe drawer tied up with " b " 3 ' ' no on, was the innocent " INTERESTTNG gEIIeTON BY THE to remark that we must ever remember that only Latchford Christ Mixed Frank Shakeshaft • authority not likely to exaggerate on our aide, states have done it in less time had we not stopped ' , ,REV. .1011 N Y3N'GE. " righteousness exalteth a notion." The National Church Elsie Wright that " more than four million seven hundred and fifty ---- to gather flowers. We had no basket in which reply. . . the Mose of the service. Anthem was sung at . , d ; AT THE HIPPODROME. thousand mechanics and labourers are now unemployed Willie now wants to I:Low what, h ' e Was ) to put them so we ut them in an umbrella ' f th t t "Piebteonsneee exalteth n Preeehine rem , e PS . . - Sr. JOHN'S PRESBY TERIAN CdURCii. Empire Day was celebrated at the Palace and in the United States." The correspondent added that To-Day s Conference at Warrington.! b • ' ' P spanked for. How did his mother expect him Oen " et iTreliffe Church on Sandav night the Rey. elongmg to one of the girls, and the greedy " ' ' ' • h 1 t Preaching at St• John's, Wimaiekestreet, on Sunday Hippodrome on Monday evening. During the usual this estimate included only union employees, and to know they were her old tove-letters he had , . },,,, n t or Mav in t e IS I little puss took possession of them all. But -- jebn Yonne ariel that day. t . ..4 h , ev ine he minister. the Res. J. L• Milne, 11-11,said interval the orchestra took possession of the stage, and excluded farm labourers and many others. Yet it is t handed round? (WALD APPLEBY. .. .-. anent. en. ~ t . few veers had 'Weiner! pecnlisr and Tirol-vim y perm f E • m. h onfessed that at under Vie baton of Mr. Widdop, played some enjoyable America and to America's Protective Tariff that thee The Lancashire end Cheshire Band of Hope and 'we were far too happy to be cross. We then L, . speaking o - mpire ay e c ___-,....... . . rirmeinertee in all parte of the British Dominions a. that in . Trip ri 1 fl-st he hag had something of a prejudice against that Patriotic selections, the effect of -which was enhanced advocates of Fiscal Reform direct the admiration of the Temperance Union meets in Warrington to-day at the , ate our biscuits and started on our way home i . ' f this new .e a • HOW THE FLOWERS GROW. , . ° Trmpiris Day." The mieinator n i 1 f com mratively new institution. Ile did not think they hy tbe efforts of four driloamers and two buglers of the British workers. Their patent reruetly for unemploy- invitation of the Warrington Band of Hope Union. The to dinner. We were as hungry as hunters when ; emehration WPM the Earl of neath, ano i email o 1 • Union is the largest provincial Juvenile Temperance 'we at last got there, but we were not the least First the seed no tiny, h '' the methods they had pursued in 4th Battalion Prince of Wales Volunteers (South ment is based on the example of a land with nearl ft y ve influence and piety. The ides of the festival watt. of had done rig t la . k f • to th umbers Lancashire Regiment). Two Union Jacks were unfurled million unemployed trader unionists. Organisation, carries on its work throughout Lancashire. : little bit tired, for we started out' again irnme• Hidden from the sight ; . iselv controlled. banding up the empire. Ta -e, or ins ence, e a ,tenree. targets, s.ntirn,..tai. If. it be W . f t they had slain They themselves revered the memory as the band played the National Anthem, the audience Mr. Kellogg. of tbe New York COarity Oreanisation Cheshire and North Weet De'abysliire.cornprises 90 town diately afterwards, this time in the opposite Then two pretty leaflets, ' it wonlrl promote a neblic sentiment that was n gren , • h d ill n fnr the seke of their native rising to their feet. Society, and yrofessor Ely, of Wisconsin University and district Unions with over 1,900 Societies and nearly direction. Not to the woods, though, but to a Struggling towards the tight amine. hut if it. lie teeen rin in any merely political or of those who a a e ---.0.--.M. 300,000 members. , • dla tf il s ego it miehthecorne even more land, and yet these men t ietr s. . . 1 ' oldiers had slain were state that in " prosperous " times there are not less than There has recently been a large lovely park, where we were to witness sports Soon the bud, appearing, , valuating an nes i 0• , . ) mperialism in PITIFUL TORTURE FROM PILES. three millions i - ' n reeeipt of panpar aid. At present the accession of District orgnnizations of Temperance . and open-air nerfo ances. It was very very Turns into a. flower, misehievona. It sheeld he the endeavour of all loyal only doing that. His (tae preacher s Ye't‘, on the other number is much larger, as I read in the Pittsburg Friendly Societies. At the Warrington meeting several : - - - - British eitizens of nil sects end all parties. to these things was far from strew. cold at first but we soon became so interested Kissed by golden sunshine, . . existed, it had been " Leader," that in rnost of the large cities the unein- newly associated organisations will be welcomed. Tbe , t _ , nr %verve it from Rhea'', and to make it serve the widest hand, there was their empizi ; • in the performances and. our surroundings, Washed by silver shower. . to do e He said make played are marching and colliding with tee police. The work of the Union helpful to all branches of temper- ' end meat nniversril intrareeee of all the people who were built up, and what were t ey PERMANENT CURE BY ZAM-BUIC. 1 • d 1 the observance of Pittsburg " Chronime Telegraph " reports one thousand ance effort, is specially concentrated on the right train. ,' which, by the bye, were quite new to us, that crowing sweeter, sweetem British Plate ft eels eertainlv the best empire they could, an i . '• G d --- five hundred in that city, the Chicago papers put the ing of the child. "Educationaris its chief characteristic. I we forgot all about the cold, and were sorry I / united together under the • • D hd"an ht Empire Day would help them to do that he said o Every happy hour; remarkable eow the idea of Empire ay a .c. 2 , , eed it." The uesticn was how were they to do That there is nothing like Zant-Dith for the- cure of figure in their city at seventy-flye thousand, and Frank One of the most important operations of the Union is when -four o'clock came for then we had to Kissed by golden sunshine, on." It wss first Misery/ad rinlv four years ago-in 1991- qp q 1' th we an empire piles is shelve b h ' Julian Warne writes in "Cleasities " ' .. that of giving scientific temperance teachin ' th ' g in e turn Mit of the park. But our pleasure day , lv it ? 'They had to roa ise eyer yt e case of Mr. Thomas Arthur after a thorough • Washed in silver shower. , end then it Was almeat entirely cnnflned. and that on . h ela the coneisted of many people of varioue kinds Corns, el 43, Catherine's Cross D ' , anaston, Staffs. In investigation, that New York City 'has ninet h d a, t onsan schools. For this purpose the Union retains the services did not end there, for we went home t o tea partially. within tbe limits of these islands. Since then, t on, l Y Let them b • e nnited,-union was strength. 0 members of organised labour without azob in Ida' n m of four specially qualified certificated teachers. The , Cesste• FeEet.eisa c nversation with a " Wednesbury Herald " reporter with our friends d 11 th ' d , an wn e ere we enjoye a - m work receives Mehl hest however. it, had reread to the colonies, and now it was ar_ld CO ours- . . h •eie able to keep others •to thirty thonwind vile t I P• 1 j s' ' eran se n te adelphia a mob of g commendation of educationists leant ell British Dominions. Nations by muting toget er e Mr. Corns said :-" I used to be troubl d -cl d 1 h - d• h ' ourselves best of all, for after we had a nice ••••ro,vina in rewrite nee throws W bl hto prevent war. hat a ems- . e a goo ea two t ousand five hundred marched for the City Hall ea is eartaly welcoined and encouraged by the local • • O.K. AT LAST. .• ' tea we went out into a large field and had Ohvionsly. the idea hid a gond deal to recommend it. in check and so do epic with constipation and as a result f educationist authorities. It is exactly on tho lines of , ld t • 1 B. t union ev a 9 en empire con proven ear a ~ „ , i , , ourteen years ago demanding "work and bread." In Chicago the authori- A man with a soft voice had just completed ri in ame at cricket 1 th w t f pp gg. eon y e o.rs . o ti • Mem A 'dee which could help to brine and bind ing if th .. . . .ny rig i. i . e . „ s only possible where there was mutual confldence, bleechng piles made their appearance. No one can ties have " ordered extra munds of cartridges," and the recommendations of the medical profession and of ft his purchases at the stores, and looking at -to eether in unity of thoneht nnd sentiment the veat varied ea , • , ible where there understand the miser Ila " the Getline uns are laced in re. ' the scheme for teacbin b iene and tem erance issued it was the girls were stupid and kept giggling . f the world were and mutual coneeence was only.poss _ yl. d to empire. I was greatly d ' g * e Idiness to fire on b h B g3' P • dh ' la' Bt th 1 'fad 11 1 his watch he found that he had none too much , ropelations whioh in different parts o 1 was fair play. Lot them have fair play,let all parts of weakened by the ailment, and often while I stood at egged, sullen crowds of workless men." And the New yt e . oard of Education. Indeed, the Union for an sne ing. u ey paa very we ,ony ~ , ime to catch his train. "What is the name I" romnrisecl in this Empire. wee worthy acceptance en, York correspondent of the London "Times " says that years anticipated such a scheme in its courseof instruc- not so well as we because we beat them over ' the e p.re be treated equally well. And the empire my work ths blo d ld •kl o wou tric e down into my shoes. asked the assistant. " Jepson," 'replied the , develonment. And certeinly tbe nnhlo fonnder of the includme lithe homeland, and that was an important part ,r- a. an.exhibition of the " terrible congestion" in the slums tion which conforms to school lines, is nonpropagandist end over again. We then had a merry scamper , featirel went a lone way to secure its wide aceeptance h b 1• d They had their work to ae pin was severe ; and at night real rest was of New York, opened by Governor Hu hes, in the and really consists of suitably graded science object over all the fields, and about eight o'clock bid man. " Chbpson? " "No, Jepson." " Oh, 'yes, t at must not e over °nee . . • Inc day in the Jefferson " "No I when he eonneeted it with thnt Partici' . ' do there. There they had the rich end thee had the poor semetimes out of the question.. The piles would Natural History Museum "is enough to ma& Socialists lessons:. During the past year 1,308 lectures were given our friends good-night I- -s o-n " and wended our way • , • epson. -e p - . hich woeld hekero now and for ever in grateful ich They had disappear for a time and then return in so severe 1 of those who have a s irk to 3,4-19 teachers 121 673 elder scholara 55 795 of whom " Jepson? ' " That's it. You have it " "Yo p. of sympathy left for . . i r -I • . • towards our own home, having had a real good .. . ~ . ur Year-ve ' v ' ' ' &ay of Qneen and tbo poor far outnumbered the r . '' • f h Ih d ' c rst name; initial please. " Oh, K." " O.X. remenahranee nod sopreoiaLion as the birth . h • 1 • h' h the WAS 9 heavy mortality, orm tat a to stay away from my work. My common humanity." reproduced eseay reports of the lessons, for which the Majesty wile the very t eta s nms in w 10. _re time. We were very very tired, but voe did " Yintorie. The reien nf twr la'r . especially of infants. People bemoaned the destruction doctor supplied me with his own ointment and lotion, Senator La Follette, of Minnesota, speaking in the Union awarded 25,925 attractive certificates of merit. Jepson." " Excuse me, it isn't O.K. You did E lish history not realise it until our heads touched the brightest anri hest of all periods in -rig 1. • h d . 'of child life in India and China. A more ruthless but though these eased in • f • h d'd y pint or a tome tsy e United States Senate stated that " owin t th g o e The operations of the Union also include the establish- • pillow, when we immediately fell asleep. not under-stand me. I said ' Oh.' " "0. Jep- and her personal memory would ever be c lens e. .as enormous growth in trust consolidation, less than a ment of Bands of Hope tl e suppl f fest' als snd , 1 y o iv destruction was going on here at home. It was a foul no permanent good. A. AnNor..D. son." " No, rub out the 0., and let the K. one of tbe most precious possessions of the British h bl h ' b • ted ivilieation Then they had a e hundred men now control the industries of the whole meetings with speakers,conferences of day end Sunday • stand." The_ assistant looked annoyed. " Will ' he'vever a censiderahle nunmer ot on t. eir oas c.• . • „ Next I went to the West Broinwieh Hospi 1 --a--- Empire. There were, • , . d l h h hcl • t trade calleci " The trade which wishe to ru et e race. e e , .. ,ta , but country." " Along with this enormous trust power 1, school teachers, Rm., %to. In addition to the Science - of thonght fill and worthy British citizens w o a no . . _ e tl 'II they had ; ills that needed atten- ' ' s t ey wan you please give me _your initials again 4 " " I ted to operate on me I did not go again. he asserts,"has gone a steady process of centralisation in Campaign noted below,deputations have been provided MSLY PUSSY. uch enarnonred of And many o ier i s . Last July I seal in the geld K." "I beg your pardon, you said 0. K. heen. mieht not he even now, very m e tion, ills that needed removal more than many that they • papers of the wonderful cures the control of that power,until now the entire situation for some hundreds of demonstrations and special meet- Six little mice sat down to s • pin, ti-,e idea of the phregeolney. or the glamour o. 'hen let others in that had been affected by Zem-Buk.On th d ' r e isdominsted b the St nd e ings. The most notable featur . . Perhaps you had better write it yourself." "I hoard of in far distant lands., i'l - y •a. ard-OR-Morgan combine i . • Con eof the past year's work Pussy passed by and she peeped in. wife ho had d ' . ' e a vice a• m" The h'l was the Sci 'fl said 'Oh '-" " Just now you said K." "F.mpire." They had not "liked' t . ' 1 e apparent obscnration other pets of the world ha t tment. There ve ,a r raa . eat erived much benefit from the use of this i. wo e wealth of the country, the public credit., the . esti e Temperance Campain, an effort to " What are you at, my pfetty men?" rtAllow- me to finish what I started to you. 1 • by under the mask of limited nnd constotutional monarc , was the nestion of their treatraent of nature races. rare balm for eczema, I resolred to try it as well. The Ives of the workers, everything that constitutes the awaken the interest of the thoughtful and thought- r; Making coats for the gentlemen." said 'Oh ' because I did not.' understand what of "Trenerielism." They remembered with disapproval, ma ives q thev might not be able to treat as brothers - daily application of Zern-Buk bde rees sim I worked State, are all in the power and control of the Trusts, influencing classes. Fifty-five of the largest centres of e Shall I come in and bite off your threads?" the original occasion, when a celebrated statesman of IN t b ft 11 th t've races wore of one flesh with y g P Y to be squeezed, exploited, enslaved, sweated, and population, including Warrington,were visited. Ninety- ' you were asking me. I did not mean -that it e ut aer a ona I won-de • ' rs • m am Wa3 soothed in a v i Y P - ery short time, starved i nine reception gntherings had beee organised by the " Oh, no! Miss _Pussy, you'll bite off our 'lst century gnre to tbe (Mien of Great Britain an • themselves and they should regard them more kiadly. 4 ust ns far as it is safe and profitable to go. was my initial. My name is Kirby Jepson." Ireland the erindilognent title of Empress of India, Natires of 'lndia were unfairly treated in South Africa. " an a further supply completely cured me. That is That Protection and high tariffs do not provide work Union, many of them civic functions, attended by heads." - "Oh I " 'f No, Hot 0., but K." said the man. and hence they did not, even yet, quite cordially and Yet many native Indians wore highly-educated nearly seven months ago, and thanks to the splendid for the unemployed in the United States is made 25,000 loading people-elergy, ministers, members of " Oh, nol I won't, I'll help you to spin." " Give me 'the pencil I'll write _it down for neap-ire of Empire Day. Bnt, be that as it may, we . S li- fth b t and the bully often cure 'Zim-Bulc worked in me I hay evident by the above facts That protection increases Public bodies, magistrates and other influential people. " That may be so, but you don't come in." , e never since been . • . A you myself. There, I guess it's O.K. now." ' had found men. omet mg o e ru e • had to recognise that that cemmeraoration existed even in the best of men, and contact with troubled with piles in any form." the dangerous aggregation of Capital and tbe creation great work is carried on upon educational lines among FLORENCE E. DARE. ERIC CARTER. fixture In the calendar of Britain and their most , hat characteristic opportunity to of Trusts has been abundantly proved by the experience the Bands of Hope themselves, and through a district . --a---- ea -4- earnest endeavour sheuld he made to direct and control eativ_e race_e gave t 1 of India stood treatment at one of the United States. If Mr•Bennott would like a drop and village agency efforts are niacin to improve the tone , Maude call dat th grocer's one day and its celebration to the best and wisest ends. Ermaire d.evelop- The neon e d le e must learn to more oil I shall be willing to let him have some but I • and ern • fth t d t ' •to "e e e - ciency o s movemen an o impress in i s A woman can drive a man, of course, gt IA,, used, bet else m might time that they would not stan now. n y . PADGATE. asked for a pint of vinegar to be ut in a ' Day might be most pro. a , • that it fraternise with these people and to meet them on more fear that I have trespassed too much on your space service the educated and leisured classes. The Union . • Or a horse, if he's stiff and numb; quart jug. This being done, she apsked f he perilonsly mis-used. It seemed to him . already.-Yours, Pcc., holds that it is of paramount importance to the nation . or But she can't drive a nail-except, of.course, equal terms. Natives were their rivals now in many another pint to be put in the same vessel. would be a ways-they were their rivals in trade, some of them,and WELCOMING THE VICAR.-On Monday evening a social ANTI-PROTECTIONIST. that the child be trained in definite temperance prin- The nail of her finger or thumb. PERTIOTTS lITS-USE - ciples. The products of Band of Hope work tell less of " Why didn't you ask for a Auart at first ?" ____+___ some in mannfacture. They would be wise if they gathering of the parishioners was held in the Church of of Empire Day if it should he 1 t f II 'nto an permitte, o e i learred to make friends with the native races. Let England Scho01, Parlgate. in order to meet the new - ' f merely national or imperial relf-glorifica- • occasion 0 . . them %I e thot there should be fair play. Tho greatness Vicar, the Rev. G. W. Dickinson. The churchwardens • their awful story Of degradation and dishonour tha , nof " Becalese it's for two different people," replied 31 4. a: A hero, my dear, is a brave man." , 1 sineine of National Anthems or • e • - firm : into urliversa I 'flcetione of the national flag •of Empire did notdepend upon the extent of its territory, (Messrs. H. Gorton and E. Dennett) introduced the ' thousands upon thousands whose story never shocks or the small shopper, d only 'tis easier to many • Little Bess: "And if I grow up and become Rule Britannias, or g eri . . id. They talked of the ehite Vicar, oil° speaking of his excellent work at the War- thrills, trained year after year in Bands of hope, and it all in one jug." ' but upon tho work they d WHITSUNTIDE EXCURSIONS. a brave woman, will I be a shero?" 1 ll senseless toaste into public dinners with their nsi a y m ' b d let it be d' real burden. He did not sey rington Parish Church. and the other mentioning the an s ur en, educated and developed into aober, healthy, industrious ........4.:..-• and general social indulgenciea. There we ~ h re owever. that their governors should be preachers, but they success which he had nchieved at Holy Trinity Church, ________ manhood and womanhood, and honourable citizenship. • ---f- -doubtless hosts of people who wonld look upon that r. Smith (to landlady): " Will you send rne should remember that they were the representatives of Southport. Mr. Dickinson, who was received with loud The e •' - A groat movement is being developed and will be 3.4 " Why is there such a lot of straw about the xcuraions a ranged by the London and North- inaugurated at kind of celebration rot legitimate, desirable and enjoy- a Christian nation. Laws shonld be administered in a. applause, thanked the wardens for their kind words, and W t R'l a great meeting of representatives from in a little more coffee, please ?" street mamie?" asked the small ' maiden. ebb,. They werild even consider snob programmes; a-s Christian s irit. They bad absolute power in many the parishioners for their attendance and outlined some es ern ai way for •the Whitsuntide holidays are very all perts of the Unton's area in the Free Trade Hall, Landlady: " Coffee, sir I lam sorry to say it ti Because the lady who lives in the house is tare of the spirit of loyalty. and of nationality, numerous and attractive, and should meet ths demand Manchester proem 1 d Wh e • h la th Id d 1 th of th l• h'bh •hdt 'k• th ' an s. at a mig ty wor ey cou o i ey e Ines on wle e esis e 0 aor m e parish. of ell who are d•• of visitin friends o h 9t d 0t be 10th "th • f' • 't hanged " ,oni a ur ay, c o r ,wi a view iti is qui eex . l': 'ens people at any very ill. She had a little baby girl sent h tl er If and of Imperial unity. B ;lit re lied away h *any such would. God had a hand in placing all thoselands under A miscellaneoue concert vy,is thoo giver), items being iba on pleasure beesnirt3dsme list cLrs ml rw ot maoy increasing the fundsand doubling the membership. Mr. Smith: "Ah, well, I was half expecting other da - d e y, ear, explained her mother. rate, would not be Pas at• carr f el te.stey S g that only their control, and they were responsible to God for contributed by Miss otarkson, miss seameremiss Dixon, England, Scotland Iseland and Wile. TY Par S f r .an to some of eo-dayes conference will be held in Bold-street . ; that. I've noticed for some time past that it ti The baby must have been awfully well Wesleyau school. At 3.45 a public meeting will be has . ;unworthy or superficial fashions o . P •th ' Chriaran their success or failure. Their responsibilities were Anse Royston, Miss Gladys Tat, Mr. J. IL Draper, Mr. the most hie ' Id 11 • pr 3 nent of these we wou ca attention been very weak." Imperialism which wns congrnons we. h. e iii ~.1 heavy ; let them pray that as n nation they be kept R. Ryder, Mr. S. Oddy, Mr. Gorton. . held presided over by Mrs Dodds The Rev TH. packed, mustn't she, mother I" wao the reply. patriotism. Now. there was one featnre of tl9 f s v F To those intending to visit Ireland it will be well If •03 it % • true to their obligations and privileges. ,MPIRE DAY.-This festival was celebrated in the known r ll 'd . * " * * tins o .on wi rea a paper on Some Band of that th ' W C ' ' e Nene- e!tern ompany s route to the Ho e P bl dth • S 1 ' " A • llude He to which it might he well to specially a • Padget() C.E School on Monday Special 1 p ro ems an . eir o !Awn. t 6.30 open-air ' • . • mssons were Emerald Isle is the most popular and expeditious, th - - ---- ______ eeferred to tbe promotion of it which was being INIUSIC IN THE PARK. given throughout the day on the British Empire, while jonrney being made by tbe short sea route via Hol b e meetings will be held at Brid.ge-foot and in Bowsey- s•• ' e • ---- - •••• '- -- ---- • - - e... attempted in the Tt, happened aPProPriatelY that Empire Day had been the room was tastefully decorated with Union Jacks and To Greenore ithNth flld Yh ead. stree i t n support of the Licensing Bill. , . _ . .. , . ,an a. or o re an , many c ear) . . PrPLIC EtEMPINT.kTLY SCTIOOT.S. the natinnal colours In the afternoon the whole schoo • ..---....-- CHILDREN . . FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES. . 'S t wn at any rite-the Throughout these schools-in thi o • , selected for the opening of the musical season in the , • . l trips have bean fixed, and Greenore it may be said is a Park and a large crowd assembled on Sunday afternoon assembled in the large room. National and patriotic convenient centre for excursions ' • ' on Carlinford Lough, Liverpool Held to Its obligations. . featival would be observed principally he supposed on to hear selections by the band of the 4th Batt. (P.W.V.) songs wore sung by the scholars, appropriate recitations and throueh „, the Mounts mountains district, and other - SLEEP VIE I, -i '' CH IVERS L 9 , Monday, end leading up to it, in many parts of the e , P • If I T W h d • d dd - 11' d b h V' nouth Lencaqhire ,emment• •;' r• • • • lc ar son, were given, an an a reas was te ivere yt e icar oin s When the Vyrnwy water scheme wag originally , n t , end those desaring one of the most delightful t r he attention of tbe scholars would have been - cmintry, t , '' d ll R 0 W EY k• h •d h bandmaster, conducted an an exce eat programme ev. . . ic inson, w o sal tat the greatest holidays should visit Greenore d k • oe,ore Parliament the Liverpool Corporation were I h. called to the more salient events of nationa istory, ,an ma e this a centre. W. 13 submitted. teaching of the Empire Day movement was that of self- There is excellent hotel accomniorintion under the placed under an obligation to give, when required, a when they are healthy and their. ' 1 - ``••"2"'"'"' .......... and to the lives and deeds of men in the past whose I h hd b a ked to att d f t• 1 eacridce The children were deli hted with an mb • he scroll of national fame. mimes were inscribed mien t The 1% Avon, wo a een s en. , ,ie , . . . g . uer management of the Comeane• Golf links (IS hole supply of water to Warrington, Widnes and St. purpose of formally opening the season delivered an lof gramophone !elections which Were given by Mr. course) and Club House have been •1 d d food is doing its proper work. ' I T T mi E .._,ANG)T •-" An X • H I ' • h f hlf ' •11. proms; ,an rese e ens, ranging in eam case rom a ami ion to 0, 1 . . e csllent Jelly, possessing a b th reation The prime object of all that appeared to e e c . . addresa in which he emphasised some of the lessons of Peter Rathbone. THE I3EST FO'oll IS nr the fostarirg and deve opm 1 ent of what was called . - • • dents in the hetel have free use of same. There is also two million gallons daily. So far none of these fharour of quite a natural character.", • " patriotism," and possibly. in some quarters, the •dis- Empire Day. He also read the following copy of a resolution which brie been addressed to Britiah soldiers: -4• excellen 0 t -ea and river fishing. Excursions to London authorities has demanded to be supplied with water IT in "vy 13 1 , , are also axed June 6th on var ates, and on to ious d froin this source, and the Liverpool Corporation have IMi e e -.` F' ' 7 ' eon ragement of what was often vere mistakenly described " T d • F • D nd ' y t f the •o- ay yi• ,mpire ay, a in ever_ guar er 9 . ONE MARQUIS KILLED, ANOTHER INJURED. York, Scarboroe and other stations North-Eastern dis- i to En landism." Now, most certainly every- -e, "I tt g A terrible motor accident has occnrred on the promoted a bill in Parliament to release them vie ~,,(4 ", , F00d,.: ,GIOELDDAL JELLIES. as ' • • Id d • th t the tailor, hula s dominions beyond the seas Britons are thinkiog , , trict, June sth to West of England by the direct and ho was truly patriotic wou esire a , , Cordova road, (says the " Telegraph s ' Madrid corres- one w . of the mother country• They do so to-day more than any popular route. via the Severn Tunnel. June sth South from the agreement if within three years no 1 h ld be educated and trained in the love rl 1 Wh'l • • pon ent . 1 e a car belonging to the Marmus do a am generatmn Bou ' th 1 Ifth ' other day in the year because May 24th is the one day adCt 1 W 1 S h • l d demand is Made for the service 1 • n en ra a es, out Coast watering p aces an the , tee contention • of . their country-in attachment to e anr o mi. las Cueras del Becerro was being driven from Seville to -; et • t f 11 't sto re.oice in the t th fth par or ri on j s•reng o A Eastern counties. Excursions to Scotland, all parts, on being that the holding up of six million which for more than So years has THE FAMILY DOCTOR SAYS :-" We hat • d also to the interests of the world•wide e a • - 1 Cordova it ran into a wall and was smeshed t • fathers, an . . h llt Empire which was won for them by their forefathers ' •' - ° Peces; j. 5h 0 e nothing dominions which were under Betts ru e. was a the marqui3 being killed. The other occupants of the on which trains throueh carri gall ane t,l th and llth, e - ons of water a day handicaps Liverpool in negotia- helped to preserve and build up the but unqualified praise, for they are Absolutely ne which • Th l • f E ' 1), ' 1.- h d' * ece ebration o mpire ty las so t e outwar sign ag•es will be run tn Glasgow and Edinboro'. The local t natural and divinely implanted affection-o • car the Marquis de la Granja, Colonel Rein", and the . ions to supply other places. This proposal was young life of the Country. When , of an inner awakenin of the leing's subjects to tbe t Pure and free from adulteration." tripper is also well catered for and many special trips • licitous of the universal welfare. . g . . chauffeur were thrown nut and all seriously • • d resisted by the three local authorities named. It was should make them so serious duties which lie at their doors. On Empire ; ; 'Nur° • are arran d B N hW 1 • prepared according to the diree- th in in national go to lackpnol, 1 ort aes line, Liverpool, • especially of those who were united to. e d f mons Day every patriotic Briton renews his resolution to do -,,,,-- Manchester Hudderfield, Leeds, &e. The week-end contrary to practice,. they said, to upset a Perlis- tions given, it is easily digested and , ' CHIVE RS 6c SONS Ltd statesmanship. We had a vast mi!ltitn. teo o reo_ its his utmost to hold the British Empire intact, and to ARE YOU THIN ? short and iong date tickets usually issued on Friday 4 mentary bargain of this nature, and, further, they held f ........9 assimilated by the most delicate : to be proud of our country--ef its his r.y, f te strengthen the bonds which bind the scattered parts of and Saturdays will be issued on June sth and 6th, the that no public case had been made cat for departing _ glorious institutions,of its libertiee,of its achievemem . , the Kiefa's Empire together." ( A la 1 ll's Worsh• .pp - use. i .ip Increase your weight 1 lb. per week Infant and forms . HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. • and of its premier position in the ,world. We might ~ in concrusion, advised all his hearers to do the best they AND GAIN STRENGTH AND short date tickets being available for return any day up from the arrangement.-The Police and Sanitary A COMPLETE DIET. . • • rightly and wisely call the attention of our youth to ail could to promote the honour, dignity rind welfare of NERVE FORCE. to and including the following Wednesday and the Committee of the House Of Commons on Tuesday lonoer • , period any day up to and including the following u , , FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM pheld the contention of the three local authoritiee in V- & 2/6 Tins ; also 4d. Packets. : that had been groat and good in the past-but we must _,_ _ ,„___.re. i (Applause.) " God save the King " was ---- Monday week. , FACTORY. guard against promoting the idea that the sunremest of ,tta "7 d consequently the ori •nal a eement ta d is!. gr s. ILA.- British patriots ' had teen the greatest soldiers, the tu n to the accom animent of th b d A e en sa g . P , e art • mon, Dr. Caesell's Tablets will, if yen are thin, increase The Great Eastern Railway Co., announce thet reduced an ' - - ' em -s.__ . .. _ ...... _ _ .. • others present at the operang cere.mony were Mr. C. H. your weight 1 lb. per week, revitalize the nerves, and 1 fares available for eight days will be issued to Brussels Mr. Leyland Verret, the chairman of the Committee, - 1 commenders tbe men of war,or even the men - -- was- great nava . „,„ Dawson, secretary of the Association of Panda, and Mr. invigorate and streogthen the whole body. They can via Harwich and Antwerp. Passengers leaving the said they had most carefully considered the evidence DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS fth b bl h d b of Statecraft. All. or most o em, pro a v - a -T. Armstrong formerly the bandmaster of the Volunteer be taken by stout people also without fear of inore Northe ' o ase rn and Midland Counties in the afternoon reach and • • the speeches made, and were of opinion that no men who had loyally served their country, and deserved 4 ci . ' h •rmen of the Association of B d • - • - ' ' • ‘..1• Arela new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing at least a good deal of the glory with which their Ban-, an now eal - an s of adipose tissue, owing to their extraoreinary power Brussels next morning after a comfortable night's strong public case had been made out which would Ba'Lkache, Lumbago, Gout Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all Committee. of abso i rb ng superfluous fat and converting it into rest on board the steamer. For visiting the Hague • Cl' tl • ' • d • • d'• ' fth K'd s Sc* If y taease.s o e 1 ney , c. o u , u s ffer take one pellet • rrounded. But in these advancinf jus i y le committee in coming to a mason to grant memories were su d regressive dam-days in which as they believe , MAYOR AND II . 1 AYORESS AT THE SCHOOLS. blood, bone, muscle, and healthy flesh. Sclaeveningen (tbe Datch Brighton) and Amsterdam for this clause to the Liverpool Cooperation. He add d hree times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses e En p Mr W C Shadwoll le Woodrow Terrace Forest-r „ .._,, ~. os.d, the cities of the Zeyder Zee, special faellities are offered you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain " PASCO had her victorious even more renowned than Monday was eagerly looked forward to by the school •. • • . . the committee on this p ' oust was Backache , &c. those of War "-let them uplift before their youth the children of Warrington. as the Mayor and elayoress 0 . 0, t t k i wa x i al ia t that the decision cf 1111elksba.m Wilts writes : I s e cept on ly thin, v he Great Eastern Ra lway s British Royal Mail - i ' wrireaat o nce enclosing xi stamps forone box or 33 stamps noble heroism of the peaceful lovers and servants of made their anneal visit to each school to present medals I wine f the dieestive s stem and I Harvvic -I o wea ness o e 7 . , h Took of Holland route. From the Hook of unam . *MOUS 1 their kind, the men of art and science, literatere.and to the boys and girls who in the opinion of their fe - • lion, suffered from weak stomach and constipation. My Holland through carriages and restaurant cars run on '4:11. or 3 boxes to DR. B IKER'S MEDICINE CO.. * tort the philanthropists,who had lived scholars were most worthy of receiving them. Two w• I b f eig it e ore commencing Dr. Caresell's Tablets was the express trains to Cologne, Bale and Berlin. A Contemporary states :-At Prescot Sessions a 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, lesepoe, S.E, poetry, the inven . , ial well- . I just over 9 stone ;in three weeks I hid increased 4 lbs., mother was summoned before Mr. T. P. Hewitt and to enlighten, to uplift and help to promote soc . motor cars were kindly placed at the Mayor's disposat nd old • cdn enjoy my food better than for years. I con- ; • Mr. E. S. Eccles, for keeping her daughter, aged 12 . • til Ps mankind. So let them help to create in by Captain G. P.. Crosfield and Dr. Markel, and these / atin being, to e ue for four months, and now "a complete cure bag I from school. The mother stated that her daughter was the children, who were coming up to future days, were gaily decorated with red, white and blue ribbons. been effected I now weigh 10 stone, 2lbs., and do not , very anmmidand had received medical treatment. Then LorrY AND NORM,' IDFAS Accompanying the Mayor and Mayoress were Mr. J. , , , . • WAS IT THE OYSTERS ? d resolves -aspirations after pure and unaeltlsh living an Moore efurray (director of education), Alderman " ee the slightest trace of indigestion." I Wo sbe gave the girl Dr. Williams' Pint Pills, which had 1 "" ds fa r beim, dr nk • to live worthy o e . fth fetberhood of freedom, of Bennett and Mr. If. Kingdon (a member of the Educe- i I Dr:. Cassell's j'eblets only cost 103 d. ; larger sizes, e man (lined at Acton on i ues ey , u ). . done so much good that she could now send the girl , ad. and .2e, 9d., of ell chemists,. and are a certain i was not drunk. I had had three teeth oat, and a glass ' back to school. The case was dismissed on the mother's righteousness, an n d h man brotherhood. If they were Lion Committee and a president of the Chamber of s' i' cure for nerve and physical exhaustion. of Stout, some oysters, and SOMA gin, i statement. to prove themselves worthy of so increasing . ,

===== 0002601_19080530_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOLTON SCHOOL. OPENING ITETIEMONY.

- - .

Early Latchford Reminiscences.

Warrington's second Council School—the Bolton School at Latchford—was formally opened on Tnursday afternoon, in the presence of a large and representative gathering, by Councillor J. Fulton Smith (chairman of the Education Committee). Ideal weather favoured . the ceremony. The school has been erected from the designs of aressre. J. E. Wright, Geroett and Wright, architects, .tc., Warrington. by Mr. Harry Fairclough, and it is commodious, well lighted, and handsomely equipped. There are two departments—the infants' on the ground floor and the girls' on the first floor. Each department is arranged for 330 scholars and is divided into seven class rooms. A valuable adjunct is the large play-ground, part of which has been laid out as gardens for nature study. The school will be open on Monday next and the infants and girls now attending the Grappentiall-road Council School end Christ Chnrck School respectively will be transferred to it. The head mistresses are Miss Place (senior department) and Miss Beardmore (infants). Four hundred and twenty scholars were drawn up in the school yard on Thursday afternoon and greeted the visitors with hearty cheers. The Mayoress (Mrs. Smethurst) and Mrs. Fulton Smith were presented with beautiful bouquets by Minnie Wells and Bertha Muskett respectively. The opening ceremony took place in the central hall of the girls' department and was presided over by Alderman Pierpoint. Amongst others present were : The Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman end Mrs. Smethurst),Councillor and Mrs. Fulton Smith,Mr.Henry hoberts (vice-chairman of the committee), Aldermen Bennett, Evans, Ellison, Revs. Canon Stevenson, G. C. Briggs, J. F. Matthews, Fathers Wilson, Whittle. Bugling, Marrs and Roche, Councillors Wilson, Barton, Skelland, Steel, Dickenson, Pemberton, Broadhurst and Ball, Dr. Hibbert, Colonel J. D. Buckton. Messrs. C. Mawson, A. T. Hallway, Stanley Wright, IL Garnett, R. T. Fairclough. C. Jackson Holmes, W. A. Proud, Reuben Higham. H. Hallard, E. Place, W. Gill, E. 8. A. Robson, F. J. Ruddock, W. Mason, A. J. Jolley, John White, C. S. Burgess, T. P. Bradshaw, Harry Fairclough, H. Ringdon, John Fairclough, John Fairhurst, 'W. Bibby, A. M. Nee, W. Miles, J. Moore Murray (secretary and director), R. B. Roberts (assistant), and manyladies. The CHAIRMAN, in an interesting address, spoke of the changes which had been effected in Latchford as compared with the time when he entered it, almost as a schoolboy, in the year 1855. At that time Latchford was one of the prettiest villages in Cheshire ; certainly it was rich in its picturesqueness and in its botanical specimens. It was difficult to imagine Wash-lane as it appeared its his youthful days. It was then, he believed, one of the choicest old lanes in Cheshire. and was replete from one end to the other with sixteen or eighteen well-known varieties of ferns. To-day he was afraid they would not find a single one. At that time, if he recollected aright, Latchford had no educational facilities of its own. The children were compelled to en to Grappenhall school, end it was only a little before IS6O that the Christ Church school was opened, and a very small school it was. It partook more of the nature of a dame school presided over by a lady of most beautiful character who was deeply attached to the scholars, and they were deeply attached to her. There were no schools at the other end of the township, and it was a curious fact that the people who lived on the Latchford side of the Black Bear Bridge considered they had no connection with the people who lived on the other side. (Laughter) They were looked upon as two separate and distinct communities, thinking out different ideas and ideals. The population was composed mostly of egricniturists, tanner's labourers and boatmen. Now all that had been changed—he did not know whether it, had bean for the worse. He regretted very nnich that the old picturesqueness bad passed away but he supposed the old order must give way to the new. At the laying of the memorial stone of the Beamont School he made a few remarks which he believed at the time were received with anything but the spirit in which he intended them and caused some little disturbance of spirit on the part of some members of the Education Committee. He felt, however, that he was luetifled in saying what he did. He then intimated that in all matters of educational and eepeliellv in the building of schools, while he would not spare any money at all in promoting the building iif schools as far as the comfort and health of the teaching staff and pupils were concerned, he did object to the wasting of money upon Unnecessary ornaments. HO believed the effect of those remarks was that the cost of the Bolton School was cut down in accordance with what he said or with the tendency of the spirit of the time. As far as he was able to judge now, he could not find a single fault with it. He thought the school was perfectsand if the elevation of the outside was not qeite al artistic and ornamental as some of their educational friends would like, he was still of the opinion that it fulfilled all the wants of the schools, and he hoped they would go on building schools of a similar character. That school was called after an ex-Mayor, who, he was sorry, was not there that day, because one would have thought that the matter would have been of sufficient importance to him when his name was going to be perpetuated for time immemorial. At all events he thought Alderman Bolton might have given up some of those pleasures of his at the Temple Show in London, and been with them that day. 'I hey would all have been very pleased to see him, and they regretted his absence very much. He (Alderman Pier- point) did not agree with some of the actions of Alder- man Bolton, but he did credit him with being actuated with ,a spirit which had for its object the betterment of the condition of the people and the improvement of the town. Alderman Pierpoint expressed his satisfac- tion that on the contract for the schools the extras were a minus quantity; and he thought that reflected great credit on the architects and builder. Some people thought the Education Committee were going ahead a little too fast, but he did not. They could not spend too much on education so long as they spent it wisely and well. He hoped the Committee would as early as possible consider the desirability of erecting a new boys' school fer that neighbourhood. (Applause.) Councillor FULTON 'SMITH then delivered an address in which he urged the importance of sympathy and good feeling between the teacher and the scholar. Unless there was an unwritten understanding between the two, there would be dulness and failure. The competition of the world grew keener every day and it behoved them to look into the education question nationally and to see that they were bringing up their children to cope with the competition which seemed to enter into every part of social life. Unless we were well equipped we should fall behind in the race and the prestige, honour and glory of this Empire might be impaired. The aim of the teacher was to bring out what the children knew and the Board of Education started a system of examinations with that object,. The idea vras very noble in its way bnt iteresulted in the teachers cramming the children so that they might pass the examination. We were livlug in better times now, and the examinations did not take that hard and fast line but the inspectors tried to see if the children understood what they had been taught. Unlesm there was the solid founda- tion of the troths of the Bible no teaching would be of any use to the children in their social life and in the hereafter. That could not be done by simple lessons. There must be the influence of the character and con- duct of the teacher, that noble ideal of truth and righteousness, so that the children when they entered the battle of life would know the difference between right and wrong and their leanings would be towards the right. He trusted that there would be many years of successful teaching within those walls and that the children would come there as if they were coming to some grand gala every day, feeling that the school was their home, and that they would look back upon their school days as being the happiest period of their lives. (Applause). Councillor ELLISON, In moving a vote oftthanks to Councillor Fulton Smith, said he could remember the time when they had no school or place of worship in that part of Latchford. The first provision made was the erection of the Latchford infants' school in 1844, at the opening of which he was present, three years before the incorporation of the borough. In 1860 the Baptist Church was built. That was followed by the erection of Christ Church, the Temperance Hall, the Parish • Room, the Wesleyan Church, and last year the Wesleyan Sunday school, at the opening of all of which, with the exception of the Parish Room, he wss present. He took a leading part in the establishment of the services at Christ Church. He served there under three Vicars, with all of whom he got on very well, especially con- sidering that he was a Methodist. (Laughter.) There was plenty of work yet to be accomplished in that part of Latchford and he wished success to all educatonal efforts. (Applause). Mr. R. T. Faincaoucri in seconding said he lived in a parish—Latchford Without—where to-day they had neither el:larch, chapel, school, nor public-house. (Laughter.) If they had to hold a meeting they had to go out of the parish. s The MAYOR supported and said he believed that school would compare favourably with any in Lanca- shire. (Applause.) Mr. IL ROBERTS also supported and urged the importance of thinking imperially, and not locally or parochially, on the question of education. Money well spent upon education .was never wasted but would be repaid a hundred fold an the time that was to come. , A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman on the !proposition of Mr. W. Bunny seconded by Councillor WrasoN.

At the invitation of Councillor Fulton Smith. the visitors then partook of afternoon tea in the infants'

In the evening the school was open to the inspection of the public and many availed themselves of the privilege.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ,-: r 4, . ••1 `. ~,,, k ". .4 ....1 at' , :,..• , -- ....*• •• —•••,:t.'4 —, " 7 , . 3.' . a _ --!._ at , ' , , , •-, " -f--- ; ....: .? .. .. 4 .. 4;tt • . ta`4, • a', ,•-' : ~,' , . . t 1 .9' ..: ,` •• ik, f... - k „ , , ~.. , : l• 5 ' . . . Ic'-'• %,-- ,:;-„, ....:_ - , I 4 '• • ' - • . .7'.. —. •,, .. •'..."• ' .. ":;-' ;:•.—., ' c- .- ...'.••' ' .... ' ' a 1 ) ~ ^ '

.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
I

p

, , 1 ~ .1 , , I . I . . 1 t , , 7 , , ' • 7 7 , • , , 7 , _ ' 7 • ", • :i -,;,- 11

===== 0002601_19080530_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

MAY.

Fa,CIA 11 AR RING TON Acton litiage-7 14, 7 40, 3 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15,2 55, a 3 35, 5:6, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a Nedneslays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, .58, it 42, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 4 33, a 5 23,7 21, 8 37, 9 8 p.m. Sundays 3 43, a.m. 3 35, G 0 p.m. Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 51, 4 39, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 40. a.m. 6 0 p.m. Chester-7 31, 8 17,8 58, 95, 10 23, 11 30 a.m 1250, 14, 20, 319, 422, 445, .530, 64. 757, 85, 10 18, 11 18, 11 57, p.m. Sundays-8 42, a.m. 745' 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 711,85, 8 23, 9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 122, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,7 8, 740, 925, 10 35 p.m. Sundays 813 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 1230, 20,3 19,4 45,5 30, 6 4,3 5, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Ellll-.7 34, 9 5 a.m. 1230, 20, 3 19, 45, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 5,. 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15,2 45,3 45,3 50, 5 15, 637, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30, 10 35. all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays. 7 46, 835, 843 a.m. 510 60,757, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlets' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 80, 10 4 p.m. Sundays 9s a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 28 a.m. 12 30, 20, 8 19, 4 22, 4 45, 5 23, 6 4, 7 54,85,10 18,11 13 p.m.Sundays, 42 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30, 75, 835, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 350, 5 15, 720, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 8 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, -2 0, 3 19, 4 45, 5 30, 60, 8 5,10 20 p.m. Sundays 8 41 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 55, 7 45, 8 8,93, 10 35 a.m. 1 36,458,7 10,8 22,9 15,a1l 50 p.m.Sundays 9 22,10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 5 0, 7 18, 9 35 p.m. a Sattudays only. Latchf.ard-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25. a 8 30, 920 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 5 59, 7 5, 7 51., 8 5, 8 50, 8 5,9 50, 1035. 10 50, 11 50 am. 120, 12 50, 18, bl 13,1 50, 2 17, 2 50, 3 25, 3 50, 3 56, 45. 4 10, 4 50, 5 2, 550, 62,6 50, 7 5, 7 50, 8 0, 8 50, 0 3, 9 45,10 15, 1040, blO 42, bll 15, 11 39, 11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, a Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37, 9 0,945,9 55,11 20 a.m. 2 20,2 39, 4 46, &22, 7 10, 8 23, 9 13, 1020, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 20, 7 11,7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 20. 7 8, 740, 80, 8 25, 10 4, 10 35, 01l 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. °Saturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 6 le, 80,8 0, 10 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6.10, 725, aB3O, 930, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 6 50,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,b11 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-147,-2 45' a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b 7 11, 85, 823, 8 35, 9 19, 1040, 10 55 a.m. 1217, 115, 2 41, 245, 3 31, 350, 4 26, 5 15, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 86, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sandayd 2 45,4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15, 60, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 9 53, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 255, 3 53, 4 55,4 53, 5 55, 6 55. 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 22 a.m 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 7 18, 8 53, 915,925,105 p.m. 51oore-7 40 8 10, 1020, a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 255, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. -- Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 15, 1040. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 1217, 12 25, 1 15,1 54,2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 683, 720, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 46,7 55, 8 43, a.m. 3 33, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 10 8, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Moniays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 88, 8 40, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1219, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10,8 22, 9 15, 10 10,11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 6 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 43, 109, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 8 0, 10 4 pm. Sankey-7 5, 85,9 5, 100, 11 10 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 13, 2 21, 3 23, 4 10, 5 29, 6 26, 75, 80, 90, 910, blO 5,a10 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 lI.L'I. 2 39, 97. I.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20,3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 9.36, 11.4, a.m. 1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 0, b 6.20, 6 26, 7.40, 80, 0.10, 10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35' am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and .Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. St.lielens (L.er N.-W.)-7.11, 8.23,9 19,10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 8.0, 9.25, 10.4, 10.35, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays,. 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 10.8, p.m. a Saturdays only. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 755, 830, 9 0.9 55, 10 53, km. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 3.; 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 6 30.8 46 A.1:11.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (I. and N.-IV.)-5 22, 5 SO, 7 11, 835, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. sl 15, 1 54, 3 50, 442, 5 15, 28, 7 20, 537 98 1030 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35,6 0, 10 8 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 10 a.m. 12 0, 1 0, 1 13, 2 21, 3 33, 4 10,5 28,6 26, 7 5,8 0, 9 10, 10 5, 10 42 p.m.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
p

===== 0002601_19080530_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

`,

===== 0002601_19080530_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19080530_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 41,7 40,-8 54,940,1057 a m. 12 30, *30,3 55, 4 40, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (I, Sr, N.-119.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 20, 11 10,a.m. 12 45„al 30, 3 8, 5 5,6 48, 8 30, b 9 10, 9 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 50, 8 50, Pan. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only.. Blackpool (I, & N.-W. Talbot Road) -7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 05 a.m. 1 37, 3 28 5 20, 70, 845, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37, 5 8, 7 SO p.m. Chester-2 15, 4 20, 7 20,8 45„ 9 42, 10 12, 10 -10, 11 45 a.m. 20, 210, 30' 3 50, 4 10, 5 20, 5 23, , 6 30, 7 25 8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sunday's 2 15, 4 20,6 40, 715 a.m. G 55 p.m. Collins Green-6 30, 79, 84.5, 10 24, 11 23 ft m. 12 45, 2 0, 3 5, 4 1, 5 33, 6 42' 7 47, 9 6, 10 43, 810 53 Pau. Sundays 8 10 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays Only. Darestury-8 9, 10 10.11 21 a.m.2 49, 4 49,6 2,7 10, 8 49 p.m. Sundays 7 26 r. tn. 7 47 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 34, 9 52,10 52 a.m. 2.22,4 22, 5 45, 42, 8 22 p.m. Sundays 6 5511. M. 7 9 p.m. Harlestown-7 2,7 13, 8 47, 850.9 15, 945, 10 20, 10 56, 11 29 a.m. 12 33, I 14, 2 3, 327, 4 5 52, 655, 743, 88, 910, 934, 1047, 1056,, *l2O a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 833, 9 53, 57? 10 3 a.na. 3 45,7 24, 10 16 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 54, 9 42, 10 45 11•111. 123, al2 57,2 11, 3 27, 54, 6 2,6 53, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 5748 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 49, 9 0, 10 1, 111, a.m. 231, 4 9,4 31, 5 14,6 56,8 31,p.-m. Sundays 7 12, 720 a.m. 7 21 p.m. Golborne-6 44, S 26,10 12,a.m. 12 17,2 41, 431, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 37, a.m. Sundays 9 40 a.m. 75 p.m. Flelsby-7 41, 858, 9 57,10 57. a.m. 2 10, 4 4,4 27 54, 651, 827,p.m.Sunday. 7 3, 7 25 a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, 9 53, 10 26 a.m. t 7,2 15, 1 54, 7 4,8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0. san.l 2042 22,6 55, 8 50,10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40. 9 22. 10 2. 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45,2 13. 50, 3 33, 4 26, b 5 39, 6 7, 6 49, 7 39, 52, c 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays bxcepted. o Arpley. Sundays 8 23 a.m. , 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 8 5, 830, 8 33 S 3. 9 12, 930, 9 33, 945, 10 30, 11 5," 11 30,11 12, 1143 a.m. 123 k, 12 48, 13, 1 30, 1 45, 23, 230,243, 40, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 536, 630, $35, 7 30, 8 30, 838, 8 40, 930, hlO5O, 110, 11 35 pm. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 1045, 11 15 cm. 2 30,3 20, 3 b 5, 430, 615' 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & ) -a 2 35,5 50, 6 10, 7 0, 8 5, 8 35, 9 5, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 120,245,30, 35, 4 20, 4 50,5 10,6 10,7 5, 8 25 8 30, 9 0, blO 5, 1045, b 1115 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays c/rll7. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10, 30,7 15,1045 Pm. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, n 1 37, 5, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 559, 641, 73!, 943 33 p.m. a Saturdaysonly. bSaturdaysexcepted. ounda ys 6 15 P.M. 225, 7 15 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 so,a9 5, ILA 9 33, 10 5. 10 30, 10 35, 11 1;11.1.m. 12 30, 12 50, 4 e:), 2 30, 330, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 6 0. 6 30, (345, ▪ 00, 533, 8 35, 925, 102, a 1055, 11 0 pm. • Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 1080 a.m. 140 2 0,2 5, 6 0, 635, 8 30,9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, IVrt. 12 30, bl 5,2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 6 5, 6 55, 5, 110, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 6 30 p.m. %Saturdays extepted. b Saturdays only. 7 lloore--6 59, 9 6, 11 9 a.m. 12 53, s 3 12,4 8, 4 55, d P.m. Sundays 8 18 a.m. 4 58 p.m., a Wednes- aYs and Saturday s only. , Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 9 7. 9 29, ;0 13,10 22,11 84.1 u. 1235, al 5, al 28,3 7. 4 7.4 31, 38, 5 49, 6 27, 7 20, S 5, 9 31, 10 3, 10 59. 141a.,1 51 p.m. Sundays 8 SO, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 44' 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. 2 !adgate-G 27,6 58, 7 55, 8 29. 9 0, 10 3 a.m. 120, g 5 5 G 18, 7 5, 9 6. 10 25, 11. 32p.m. Sundays -, lilt a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14 p.m. I▪ luncorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 • 39, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. 7 50,8 27,9 30. 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. „t 4 1 40, 235, 345, 435, 5 26, 623, 7 25, 8 '5 "z, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 3 37, 10 12 a.m, 4 8, 8

Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 240 3 55, 5 23, 70, 85, a 95, 13 0. Sundays 90, 20, 7 50. a Saturdays only. • Thelwall-7 51, 8 35, 9 18.9 53, 11 7 a.m. 1 35, al 41, 2 9, 2 53, 3 Si, 4 22, b 5 33, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 20, 17 19 a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (b. and N.-W.)- 6 33, 8 35, 9 40, 10 0, 11. 38 a.m. 12 5, I 26, 2 33, 3 27, 420, 453, 520, 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 9 30 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WEST LANCASEIRE LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

WARRINGTON V. Pr: ESCOT.—Warrington achieved their first victory of the season at Prescot on Saturday. Scores :

WARRINGTON. PRESCOT. B. Silcock bD. Prescott 23 J. Evans b Cresswell... 0 W. Richardson lbw b D P. P. Nl6rcer o and b Prescott J. Callon b Stockley 6 J:P. Preston b Silcock 8 Cress well b D. Prescott 5 G. Preston b Cellon ... 20 J.Thompson b D Prescott 0 Sharp c Turton b Cress- J. W. Bibby b Sharp l5 well S. Partridge o Stott b It. Birchall b Callon 6 Prescott J.W. Bainbridge b Holden 13 H. Stott b Cresswell... 1 W. V. Turton lbw b T. Seddon c& b Callon 0 Holden H. Callon o Seddon b W. L. Holden not out 2

Holden A. Duckworth not out 3 Extras • 9

Extras

Total l2l Total 76 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. FRESCO?. 0. M. B. W. O. M. B. W. Sharp J. Stockley l3 1 41 1 11. Callon —.10.2 2 17 5 L. Prescott l6 3 41 5 11. Silcock... 7 2 25 1 W. L. Holden-o'l 116 3

STANLEY V. S•f. HELENS.—PIayed at Stanley. on Saturday. Scores :—St. Helens, 19 ; Stanley, 62..

ST. HELENS RECREITION V. EARLESTOWN.—PIayed at St. Helens on Saturday. Scores: —St. Helens Recs., 79 ; Rarlestown, 80.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND Div ISION.

WARRINGTON 2so V. PRESCOT '2ND.—Thte Warring- tonians continued their victorious career on Saturday, when they won the second of their League engage- ments, Proscot being somewhat easily defeated. Scores :

WARRINGTON. P RRSCOT. P. B. Hawtin c and b G. W. Sephton b Bennett 23 Rogers A. Thewlis c Naylor b T. Rogers b Bennett ... 0 Evans 49 W. Jones c Houc,hton _ .

T. Houghton c Beesley b b Thewlis 9 Jones 2B T. H. Lyon b Bennett 9 ILDclan b Featherstone 0 j. Rogers b Thewlis ... 0 E. Pierpoint b Feather- T. Evans,jan.,b Bennett 6 stone S. Baxter b Featherstone 1 G. F. Naylor run out 3 It.ll.Loweb Featherstone 4 W. Berry b Bennett ... 3 Sergeant Knight b Jones 1 J.Fentherstone not out 7 W. Hind b Jones G. Nowbourae c Evar s b Jones 2 W. Bennett not out Extras

Total 163 Total WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE MARSH HOUSE-LAHR V. ORVORD.— At Marsh House lane on Saturday. Scores

ORFORD. It ARSH HOUSE-LANE. J. Bennett o Yates b Lomas bJolley Mann A. Bradshaw a Lomas b Jolley Mann 1 Yates bS. Leigh H. Sandy b Bramhall 0 Bramhall b Jolley 3 S. Leigh b Mann W. Jolley b Bramhall A. Grice b Bramhall A. Hodgson b Bramhall 1 Smith b Jolley H. Reed o Yates b Mann 3 Clare not out 3 W. Leigh c Horrocks b Horrocks St Reed b S Bramhall - 0 Leigh 2 W. Altman b Bramhall ... 0 Ashton bS. Leigh J. Kay not out Extras

Total ST. MARY's v. SANKM—At Orford on Saturday. Scores :

SANKEY. ST. mans's. J. Bradburn c Roylance E. Byrne run out 3 . b Roddy W. Booth b Burke 39 b Webb 1 E. Forster b Roddy F. Millington c Moffat W. Hines b Millington 1 b Dolan H. Daintith o& b Dolan 18 C. Roylance b Webb 5 S. Bingham lbw b Moffat 13 F. Roddy b.Webb A. Webb cF. Dolan bJ. J. Kelly lbw b Webb 0 Dolan W. Williams not out W. Forster c Roddy b F. Dulan c Daintith b Kelly 4 Millington A. Corradine b Moffat... 2 C. Farrell not out E. Glover not out 3 Extras

Total (inns. dec'd) 191 Total 25 ST. JAMES' V. LOVELY-LASE.—Played at Lovely. lane on Saturday. Scores : ST. JAMES'. LOVELY-L ANE. H. Fleming b Hewitt ... 3 J. Plant b NValtcer H. Ditchfleld b Hewitt... 0 A. Bell o Holmes b L. Walker o Bell b Walker Hewitt E. Wright b Maybury A. Holmes b HOll itt 0 S. Jones lbw b Main- W. Wright o Monks b wsring Hewitt _. . .

H. Diainwaring c May- Mainwaring 0 bury b Hewitt 5 P. Wilcocks b Main- G. Newall b Maybury W. Foulkes c Jones b G. Monks cEt b Main-

Maybury F. Foster not out A. Bodle c Bell b May- J. Nunnerley o and b bury W. Dutton b Main- -waring C. Baxter lbw b Main- waring Extras

Total 32 Total 36 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LUAGUE.

RYLANDS BROS. V: CHESHIRE _LINES ENGINEERS.-

iiiii-Yei-d-a-t Battersby-lane on Saturday. J. McKay bowled well for the home team, taking seven wickets for six runs, and McGowan secured eight for 10. Scores : .ENGINEARS. ItYLANDS BROS. J. Duckworth b Layfleld 2 W. Butterworth b W. Hill b Laytleld - McKay 0 F. Deeley b McGowan ... 10 F. Jolley b Deeley S. Howard b McGowan 2 T. Warhnrst b McKay 5 T. Smith b McGowan ... 0 J. Layfleld lbw b J. McKay b McGowan ... 4 McKay 0 J. Monks is Sanders b E. P. Sanders b McGowan 5 McKay 0 G. Chamberlain lbw b G. McGowan b McKay 2 McGowan 0 N. Nield run out S. Hulme c Layfield b J. Glenton at. Howard McGowan 1 b McKay 1 A. Hill at Kelly b J . Kelly b McKay 0 McGowan! 1 L. Essenhigh not out 2 IL Brown not out Extra

Total 32 Total 26 ST. JAMES' V. WALKER'S BREWERY.—PIayed On Saturday at Arpley. Scorea : ST. JAMES'. WALKERS BREWERY. J. F. Foster b Rylance... 4 W. Rylance o Tole b C. Holt retired J. Hallam bT. Allen 24 A. Woods lbw b Holt 6 P. Knight c Rylance b E T. Allen run out Allen . W.H.Nlinarda c Fearnley W. Baird b Holt b Rylance 2 1. Turner c Cartwright F. Tole o Fearnley b . b llolt Rylance i B. Prico b Holt 3. Cartwright not out ... 8 J. Fearnley b Holt F. Booth b Rylance • 0 C. Turner a Booth b A. Green bT. Allen A. Allender bT. Allen... 0 W. Clayton hit wkt b Holt a C. Leigh not out 7 Extras Total (for 9 wkts) 63 % Total 6l

Extra

- BEWSEY WESLEYAN'S V. WILDEItSPOOT. BREWERY. - Played on the ground of the former at Longford, and an. exciting game ended in a win for the visitors. Scores :—Wilderspool Brewery, 37 ; Bewsey Wesleyans, 21.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
REMIND YOURSELF.

When you order in your stores of bread and cakes from your baker and confectioner,you should remember that the more plentiful the currants, the better will be the cake or the bun.

Currants are simply all nutriment, and are now used freely as a health-food. They build up the body, cleanse and enrich the blood, impart energy and vitality to the brain, and are everywhere recognised as one of the most sustaining foods it is possible to procure.

Total 41 Total 34 ORFORD RESERVES V. STOCKTON HEATH C.L.B.—At Stockton Heath on Saturday. Scores : dul'onc. • STOCKTON REAM S. Parsonage c and b R. Mortimer b Foulkes 0 Mortimer 1 P. Hayes b Foulkes ... 2 W. Beaman b Hayes. l2 H. Williams c Greaves

J. Foulkes b Afortimer G b Foulkes ....... ........ 4 E.H.beddish b Mortimer 0 F. Hartree o Woodward _

Greaves b Hopes 1 h Foulkes J. Ballatti b Hatton 2 J. Hatton b Foulkes ... 1 J. Dewar b Hatton R. 1319 l b_Hatton.. 0 E. Sankoy c Ballatti b

~ J. Cole c Hayes b Hatton 1 Parsonage 1 H. Woodward b Hayes 1 L. Moss b Foulkes 1 0. Turton not out 0 E. Pennington b Par- sonage E. Musson c Foulkes b Parsonage 0 • E. Beg not out Extras

Total 2B Total 9 LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. WIN \VICK ASYLUM.'" Played at Winwick on Saturday. Scores:—

_ -WHINVICK ASYLUM. LATCHFORD. Dr. Rodgurs c A. Albin- E. CH& o Hamilton b son b Conway l7 Rodgers 3 W. Morgan b Conway ... 1 J. Conway b West 23 G. H. Booth b Conway... 13 A.E.Walker bHamilton 6 Rev. Mr. Chadwick b W.Hayeslbw bßodgers 0 Conway 0 T. Albinson o Booth b 0. Booth b Cox 8 Rodgers 2 Dr. Forrester b Cox 1 A. Albinsono and bO.

F.Hambleton o W.Hayes Booth 6 b Cox Dr. Shearer b Conway' ... 3 A.Warhuist o Hamilton H. West b Conway 4 b Rodgers 1 T.Cheadle b Cliffe 4 E. Harris bJ. Booth ... 59 T. Holmes not out 0 J. Stowell not out 32 E. Hayes b J. Booth Extra

Total i3 Total l9l PENKETIt SCHOOL V. LATCHFORD BAXTISTS.—PIayed at Penketh on Saturday. Scores :

LATCHFORD. PENIERTH SCHOOL. W. Bennett lbw b We 2 Mr. Ward o and b

H. Downs b West 0 L1ewe11yn......... ...... 6 M. Llewellyn b West P. Grice lbw b West 0 Mr. West b Llewellyn 12 J. Albinson b West Kirkham hw b West 5 Downs A. Craddock b West 0 J.ThompsonoLlewellyn H. Wright run out J. Whittle b West 7 A. Turner b Downs ... 2 A. Starkey b Ward A. Clayton not out R. Walls b Albinson I. Thomas b Downs F. Boyle c& b Albinson 1 . I. Brooke not out Extra

Total 27

Total 7l

===== 0002601_19080530_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY COMPETITION.

SEOOND ROUND.

WARRINGTON CEMICTERY V. TRAFFoRD FRIDAY.— At Kemal Moor on Saturday. Scores :

WARRINGTON. - TRAP FORD. T. Harrison W. Hill lO T. Jackson A. Scott R. Antrobus 2l J. Buckley W. Barton 2l T. Hawksworth l9 R. Sunderland l6 W. Tuson 2l T. Ellison ' 2l 1). Catterall R. Rothwell 2l %V. Thomas lO W. Swinton G.Ball jun. (captain) ... 21 J. Turner 9 A. J. Jones G. Ball sen.

231 149 BULL'S HEAD WARRINGTON) V. LEIGH RAILWAY.— At Victoria Hotel, Urrnston, on Saturday. Scores :

LEIGH RAILWAY. . WARRINGTON. H. Holloway (captain)... 20 H. Williams 2l H. Sutton T. Gregory l2 J. Bedworth 2l H. Harrison C. Bains 8 A. Cleave 2l T. Glover 2l James Cleave 2O A. Mole l3 .1. Berry J. Smith J. Harrison T. Hazeldine 2l W. Andrews J. Gandy J. Bothwell

181 208 RYLANDS (WARRINGTON), V. NEWTON•LE-WILLOWS. —At Leigh Limited on Saturday. Scores : WARRINGTON. NX V4' TON. G. Holbrook 2l F. Wagg T. Humphries P. Miller A. Stringer G. Monks l9 J. 4 ones J. R. Knight 8 J. Lennox 2l j. Woods W. Cottam W. ltoughley 11. J. Savory l3 G. McCortLick J. Wells l4 T. Rhodes 2l W. Daniels

===== 0002601_19080530_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND TEAM COMPETITION.

RYLANDS' 2ND V. LOWER BROUGHTON LTD.—Played at tbe Railway Hotel, Hentley,on Saturday. The green was in magilicent condition. Scores :

R-17LANDS. LOWER BROUGHTON. It. Smith (capt) l3 J. Emery R. Tillin J. Bouldsworth 2O T. Locker 2l H. France IH. Newton 2l W. Pollard IH. Blacklege l3 R. Rainbury 2l 'J. Hollingsworth J. Bowdon R. Sutton 2l J. Farner J. Meakin 2l H. Marshman T. Scariabrick T. Taylor • 21 G. Potts i

220 Majority for Rylands, 48 points.

I WARRINGTON CEMETERY 2ND v. WARRINGTON BULL'S HEAD 2ND.—At Na % ton-le-Willows on Satur- day. Scores : CEMETERY. DULL'S HEAD. F. Yarxvood l6 J. Holland A. Roaterne lB J. Wrench 2l A. Forster W. Poway 9 J. Swanton B. Gleavo 2l J. Broadhurst J. Gleave 2l J. E. Boardman A. Ford lB J. Dickenson F. Smith J. W.Plinston 2l. J. Bird J. Sodlow J. Baldwin ;T. Burke I 1

203 229 Majority for Bull's Head, 26 points. ITHE COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP. I LANCASIIIRR AND CHF.SHIRE V. STAFFORD.—The following team has been selected to represent Lanca- shire and Cheshire in the match at Wolverhampton on Saturday, June 6th, viz. J. W, G. Coombs (Didabury) R. Williamson (Didsbury), T. Glover (Leigh Railway), .1. Knowles (Didsbury), J. Grundy (Leigh Railway), A. Gleave (Warrington Ball's Head), R. George (Swinton Social), G. Holbrook (Warrington

177 Majority for L.N.W.R., 04 points.

RIC lIMOND'S. GREENING'S NO I. R. Bennett J. W. Rigby (Capt.) T. Jones l5 E. Fowler R. Dagnall W. Kenvvright ll J. Sudlow W. Nicholson E. Fletcher l5 W. Bibby l3 R. Hawthorne R. Gallop 4 J. Welsby l5 W. Rigby l5 J. Bridgin 3. Smith __.. __ . . . _

P.—Hankinson

134 155 Majority for Greenings, 21 points. MATCHES FOR TO-DAY.

The following matches will be played this Saturday afternoon, the first match commencing at two o'clock Robinson's v. Bifurcated Rivet Works. Thewlis and Griffiths v. Whitecross No. 2. Wire Ropery No. Iv. Greenings' No. I. , The referee will be Mr. J. Broadhurst, and his assistant Mr. I. Makin.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Examiner, Saturday May 30, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

The Auditor and the Contract System.

A meeting of the Warrin,gton Board of Guardians was W held at the Workhouse on ednesday under the presi- dency of the Rev. T. R. Matthews. There were also present :—Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Wilkie- son, Mrs. Collingwood, Rev. M. Ryan Messrs. G. Mather, J. Evans, W. Gill, W. ,C. Brooks, W. Furness, R. Bolton, A. Brooks, W. Furness, W. Houghton J. Cook, P. Longton M. W. Seton, T. Ritchie' J. C. Sutton (clerk), E. 'J. Sutton (acting assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate Schools).

THE PADGATE DHAPLAIN. A letter was received from the Bishop of Liverpool sanctioning the appointment of the Rev. G. W. Dickinson, Vicar of Padgate, as chaplain at the Padgate Industrial Schools at a salary of SW.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED BILLIIRD TABLE FOR OFFICERS.

At a meeting of the House -Committee on May 15th it was resolved to accede to the petition of the female officers that the guardians defray the cost of making up their uniforms; the matron to obtain quotations. At a meeting on May 22nd six tenders for the making up of uniforms, dresses and aprons were considered and two accepted. Miss Broadbent gave notice that the com- mittee consider the advisability of providing the male officers with a billiard table for their recreation room. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. White- side) visited the institution and placed on record the fact that he was struck by the air of cheerfulness throughout and especially by the perfection of the new buildings. The minutes were approved. AUDITOR AND TUE CONTRACT SYSTEM.

The Local Government Board wrote asking for the Board's observations on the report of Mr. E. W. Hicks, district auditor' after his audit of the accounts of the Union for the half year ending at Michaelmas 1907. The auditor stated that he did not think the methods now obtaining in regard to the acceptance of tenders and the placing of contracts were satisfactory. At a previous audit he asked for the whole of the tenders to be produced and was informed by the Master that only the accepted ones were in his possession. He referred to the Clerk and gave him to understand that all tenders should be preserved as a means of comparison and that he should require their production in future. At the audit now under report the Workhouse Master again appeared and in reply to his request for the tenders produced a rough book of minutes of the House Committee in which the following resolution was pointed out :—" September 20th, 1'307. Upon a division it was resolved by five votes to four that the unsuccessful unopened tenders be destroyed by burning after the Board have confirmed the accepted contracts." It appeared, continued the auditor, that. the House Com- mittee minute book did not go before the Board but the Visiting Committee minute book which did was produced as the connecting link between the House Committee minute book and the minute book of the Guardians. After describing the method of opening tenders, the auditor said he was aware that the Guardians might by a resolution adopting any report made to them by n conimittee constitute the recom- mendation in such report an act of the Guardians, but the informality which he thought existed and which he begged leave to submit for the Board's consideration was that the opening of the signed tenders was made in committee end not before the full Board.

Mr. Huoolcs in moving that the report be referred to the House Committee said that technically there might be an informality but actually there was none. Tho House Committee consisted of twenty or twenty-one members—almost the whole of the Board—and they dealt with the tenders. If it were a committee of half- a-dozen he could quite understand that there would be reason for the complaint but at present he did not see any. Councillor JAMES EVANS seconded. _ .

„ The CLERK submitted that the real grievance of the auditor was that he could not have access to the unaccepted tenders whiith, were destroyed. Bitooxs : That is a trouble I should expect the House Committee to deal with. The committee 1 orrnu- lated the rules by which we now work and they did it in what they considered to be the best interests of ths Board and the contractor. The resolution was agreed to.

DOCK TO TAKE VESSELS A THOUSAND FEET LONG. Mr. Robert Gladstone, who was the guest of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce ou Monday night, said in the Dock Board's new scheme provision was made for steamers a thousand feet long, and he should not be surprised—though he might not live to see it— if the day came when there would be steamers a thou- sand feet long running between Liverpool and New York.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD HEALTH.

REGAINED AND MAINTAINED BY THE USE OF DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS.

The first essential of good health is to keep the Stomach in a sound condition. It is not the quantity of food we eat, but what we digest and assimilate, that nourishes the body. When the Stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition are diseased, and the food eaten is only imper- fectly digested, there is loss of nutrition, and the body loses strength as a natural consequence, Not only does the system suffer from lack of nourishment, but the derangement of the enzans must canse hirther complications. Indigestion is a rri•-:st prevalent cause of Constipation, which in its turn causes Biliousness and all its attendant evils. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills get at the cause as no other remedy does. They aid the digestion and assimilation of food ; cleanse the stomach ; purify the blood, and are a perfect remedy for all complaints arising from Kidney and Liver trouble, Indigestion, Constipation, and Pemal2 Ailments. . _

- ...... For aile by all Chemists and Stores, price I/1i per bottle, or 6 bottles for 6/6, or will be sent by the Proprietors, The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. A free sample will be forwarded on receipt of Id. stamp.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
FREElniuranoe Guido by Inrlopeudesi Expertn. lippl:—ltivr as & 00.• 11 QueenTictona St., Lotdon. s.s.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET

IN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT.

in one or more colours, on white or coloured paper, in the most striking .3.pe, size GO" z 40" in one sheet,

JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080530_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ABOUT

I. Distinctive Bri!Haim of Tone. 11. Twice tha Life of other CP kintls. I A test at any one of the xo.ooo Columbia dealers sh ' 0 t ,ris will prove Point I. / Th.! experience of users everywhere coefirms

3 Cohunbia Records fit any talkint 'machine an.l Agge make it sound better than it ever did before. Wrizu Er us for latest list. Say cylinder or disc. GRAPH-0. phone catalogue sent also on request.

MERRY WEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY & _FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions ; Experts sent to ail parts to Report OA Existing Arrangements. -

- - Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

THE WANT OF THE DAY.

CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS ro /dole ECFT LINEN wben Starcted Used in the Royal Laundries.; Should be used in every house.: ONCE TRIED,

'ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN

L 1117: NEW. The greatest boon ever offerers to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to ntarched linen, Laces, -etc. It does rlo,t stick to spider-web like ix sterials. sold hy Grocers, Cbemitts. Uwe,. etc in ratk.ts at 1d.,;:c1., rind 6d. each.

PREPARED nv T. CRITCHLEY,

CHEMIST BLACJiBUT.N.

M POINTS Ar& 4.4 , 12A At: •

,i, COLUMBIA PHONOORAPH /Oilikaci comPANY, Gull - (Deijt. 2), . 84 8' 66, OXFORD ST. 1 - ' *A LONDON, W. V - 41-.--) _....----9p Glasgow. Mancbester. Cardiff. RECOR 1 5

-

tf) , s t:

===== 0002601_19080530_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
HOOPINGsraCOUGH _ CROUP

The Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal Medicine ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation

Will also he fc,unci veryefFicacious in cases of. BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM

0

• Price 4s. per Bottle. or all Chemists. W. EDWARDS & SON, x 57, Queen Victoria St ,London,Eng.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

fns "ELEMONS 0

PR[STING.

:OF EVERY DESCP.IPTION y - irr ric t 01IN VV ALTIKR & -

PRINTERS.. '-

BOOKE3INDEIig.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
LITUOGRAPRERR.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, /kc., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVO ICRS, Ruled or Plain, printer! to any size or plttern on b;ue, white, or fanny paper.

A DDRItSS or VISITING fARDS Printed from plate or type.

pißcLAvs in the nearest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMMBS for Entertsinmentl, Concerti! ac., In the late 6t ertlstie style.

SPI,CIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORNS.

SICK. RECEIPT, nricl FUBSCRIPHON BOOKS Prlnted, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

RANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheep and effective,

HYMN PAPERS for Sem°ls, Sermons, services of Song, Fettrals, to.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUE fur Public lnel Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

LISrS Printed on chrd or piper tr‘ted, If requlred.

JOHN IVA LI{F;R & CO.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SBEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS

ENVELOPES

POST CARDS'', CRICKET FIXTUR2B.I

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHIIDELESI AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, InroicEs, PRICE LISTS, CIRCuLA RS, ... PAMPHLETS, TrmE BOOKS, IV rLL WORK, CATALOGUES,' CLUE RULES, PROGRAMMES,' BALANCE SHEETS, ET/CIETED AT SNORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19080530_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS

tt3 1:ion Ii lavlted t 3 lar Ns Ifr °DEIS OH ITED and WOOD LETTER for Large Foaters. FOR ALL HIM'S OF DRAT POEITHRS EXTRA LARGB SIZH, 40 x 60 One Sheet.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRWT.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"EXAMINER': OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7 -.- X . •

===== 0002601_19080530_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FUBLIC V. BREWER.

LICENSING BILL MEETING

===== 0002601_19080530_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
AT WYCLIFFE,

MEETING AT IiVYCLIFFE CHURCH.

REV. JOHN YONGE AND THE ANGLICAN CLERGY'S ATTITUDE. Speeches by Mr. Ziba Armitage, Mr. H.

Roberts and others.

In the coarse of his sermon on the use and misuse of Empire Day at Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday evening, the Rev. Jolts YONGE said the nation had before its notice at the present time one of the greatest and boldest attempts at national, if not imperial, welfare which our age had ever witnessed. It was exciting the attention of all classes of the people to a prefounder degree, perhaps, than any measure which had ever previously been proposed. According to the inevitable necessities of Government by party, this Licensing measure had been introduced by the political party which was at present in power. That fact appeared to be enough to assure the party which was in opposition of the utterly iniquitous character of the proposals that were made. Sometimes the feel- ing arose in the mind that partizanship in politics was but of dubious virtue, and that it hindered the highest progress of the State, rather than helped it. But the measure of which he spoke was a so-called" Liberal " measur.?, and consequently the political prejudices of nearly or quite all of that assembly were in its favour. He wanted, however, to affirm with all emphasis he could, that they were not entitled to consider it that night as a matter of party politics. That church sad pulpit were not concerned with the interests of any political party, but they were , and ever would be interested in the welfare of the nation and the righteousness of it. He asked them to consider that measure, and if they would do so, to vote in its favour at the after meeting, not as a measure of Liberal politics, but of national temperance reform. He wanted them to understand that the special and supreme attention of all the Congregational Churches on this subject had been directly asked for by the leaders of their denomination, and all the Free Churches were being similarly called to take a conspicuous and pro- nounced part in this moral national battle for righteous- ness. He knew it would be said by some that these "political" movement should not be alloAed to intrude upon Sabbath hours and Sabbath services. But they who raised those objections appeared to him to be alto- gether blind to the greatness and urgency of the moral conflict to which the nation was now committed. They did not realise that it was infinitely more than a political controversy ; it was A GREAT MORAL RATTLE

that was now raging and ona which affected the moral life and health of the whole nation. Everybody knew perfectly well that the greatest national evil to-day was the evil of drunkenness. The nation had been in the deadly grip of that which called itself "the trade" for generations, and things now had come to such a pass that" the trade" was defying not only the State but the Church with its menaces, its threats and its most relentless hostility. Every public-house in Warrington was to-day a committee-room against the Licensing Bill. Its walls were plastered with inflammatory and misleading and fallacious placards, denouncing the Bill and stirring the people to resist and defeat it. It was therefore necessary that every congregation of Christian , people should become active and outspoken in favour of the greatest Parliamentary attempt ever yet made to gain supreme control of that übiquitous trade which had done so much injury to the health aud morality of the nation. If they did not espouse this measure and defeat the trade, the trade would ride roughshod over them. Mr. Yong.e then recapitulated the main pro- visions of the Bill. He maintained that if they diminished sources of drink they would diminish the drinking. Diminish the drinking, and they diminished the drunkenness. Diminish the drunkenness, and they diminished the consequent wretchedness, misery, vice, shame and crime. Reduce the number or temptations, and they reduced the number of those who fell. Reduce the number of those who fell and thoy increased the number of lives uplifted, of homes cleansed and improved, of families saved from degradation, of wives, mothers and children as well as husbands and fathers, raised to integrity, comfort and peace. The trade was furious, of course. It talked of confiscation, robbery,plunder,wanton sacrifice of widows and orphans and so on. And yet when the Royal Commission over which in 199 D Lord Peel presided, gave its report, it was signed among others by no less than eight of the principal brewers and this was their testimony It. is undeniable that a gigantic evil remains to be remedied, and hardly any sacrifice would be too great which would result in a marked diminution of this national degrada- tion. Nor is Parliament likely to rest satisfied with leaving things as they are." He thought they should do at least some of the great brewers the justice to believe that in their hearts they regretted the degrada- tion which their trade inflicted upon such multitudes of their fellow men. What did, however, prove to be to himself an

INSOLUBLE PROBLEM was that so many persons who themselves led estimable lives and so often engaged in philanthropic enterprises, could be content to grow wealthy and to live in luxury and affluence, knowing that their trade was the unquestionable source of the greatest part of social misery in all classes of the notion. He said it with all respect : he could not understand those persons. He could not understand the Christian, the disciple of Jesus Christ, who got his wealth in that way. He did not condemn : he simply could not understand. But he did understand this, and hoped the overwhelming majority of them did, that it had become the paramount duty of the Churches of Christ to do all in their power to carry this great Government measure to success. Surely it must be with all who cared for the highest welfare of the nation, a matter for great gladness that the furtherance of the measure was not being left exclusively to Noncon- formist?. The action that was being taken by

===== 0002601_19080530_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE MAJORITY OF THE LEADERS 01' THE ANGLICAN

CHURCH

Was most noble and WOitbi:- It was to all of those who were present a great inspiration and encouragement when the Bishop of Liverpool made his noble pronounce- merit in the Parr Hall. It was an act on his part of praiseworthy courage and of fine Christian fidelity. The regret was both sincere and deep and universal that the Bishop had to stand there unsupported by his clergy. He (the preacher) could not but believe their unanimous absence on that occasion had been regretted by not a few of them since. Already it was being stated that opinions among them were becoming more favourable. Bow well it would be if they would boldly say so ; if they would so help and encourage many of their con- gregations who were grieved at their apparent favour of the enemies of this great national reform. What a fine thing would it be in this brewery town, if Parr Hall could witness a combined gathering, such as was seen in the Albert Hall, in London on Saturday week ; if they could listen once again to the Bishop of Liver- pool,backed now by his clerical brethren,speaking out as he did before, with all the added inspiration of the rallied forces of his Church. Whatever might be the attitude which the Anglican Church in this town chose to maintain in this great moral conflict, he (Mr. Yonge) trusted that the Free Churches would, everyone of them, speak out with clear, decisive voice in favour of this measure. and that they at Wycliffe would he found solid and nnited in is promotion. For it aimed at a great national reform—a reform of the life and habits of the people, a reform in the homes, an uplift from the degradation which disgraced the Empire at its centre That would be a glad and glorious Empire Day when the diminished opportunities for vice and sin should produce a purer and sweeter, a stronger and nobler national life. It was their duty to pray for it and to speak for it, and to work for it, and to persevere in agitation until they achieved success. Until this be realized and the people of these realms be raised to purer and better life, Empire Day could never become a cloudless day, but must ever remain a day of many shit dows,regrets and disappointments.So long as drunken- ness remained the national sin, it could never be said that righteousness exalteth our nation. At the conclusion of the service a public meeting in support of the Licensing Bill was held, the Rev. John Yonge presiding over a good attendance.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
-THE RESOLUTION.

Mr. ZIII \ ARM ;TAG g moved the following resolution: —" That this meeting, held after divine service in Wycliffe Congregational Church, Warrington, on the evening of Empire Dey, Sunday, May 24th, 1908, rejoices greatly in the passing of the second reading in the House of Commons of the Government Licensing Bill by a majority of 21G, and earnestly trusts that with such amendments as may be deemed judicious for the strengthening of its proposals it may speedily becom3 law." Host of them present, he said, would only with great reluctance take part in such a meeting ' as that under present conditions of time and place if the issues at stake were wholly or chiefly political. But considering the matter in question, as they were bound to do, from the religious and national points of view, they said that here was a case of the moral wel- fare of the people against the financial interests of the trade ; and it was quite clear that they were acting consistently in supporting a measure which promised to promote more healthy conditions of national life. Christian people who realised the dreadful evils associ- ated with the driuk traffic, ft 9 now conducted, could not refuse to exert all the influence they possessed in order to strengthen the hands of those who sought to control

that incubus in the interests of nitional righteousness and well-being. The claims of property and privilege were sustained in great force by large numbers of t e wealthy classes, and they never lacked noisy and less I reputable advocacy. The

FORCES OF REACTION AND SELF-INTEREST were unifer.nly ranged against proposals designed for the welfare of the masses of the people, and there had been during the past few months many evidences of the discreditable length to which some supporters of so-called vested interests would go in resisting that great measure which they had come there to support. In the natur,l of the case the enemies of licence reform found ready to hand unlimited opportunities for influ- encing private opinion. Every licensed public-house in the country was a place for discussion, and too often for misrepresentation and intimidation, and emissaries of the trade came there face to face with victims, who were not always in a condition to exercise their reason- ing faculties. He was not saying that no persons of r repute and no great and good men had taken their stand ' against the Licensing Bill, though perhaps chiefly on points of detail. It was% too true that many men, of whom they hoped better things,had followed the call of the trade in resisting adeqa ite control of the business proved to be responsible for an over-whelming share of the prevailing poverty, lunacy, crime and misery which atiticted the body politic ; and yet how much more serious was it that the trade had been able to command support, even from some teachers of the religion of Jesus Christ. Obviously they were united in

ALLtaNcE-or. ritsasTnous rowrzxr with all the forces of evil. In face of an opposition of unexampled bitterness, the fight for this Bill was critical and strenuous, and they were warned by those who knew that unless the churches and religious societies manifested a full and hearty approval and took their uncompromising stand on the side of the Bill, th 3 Government would fad it almost impossible to carry it into law without making destructive con- cessions to the Ifouse of Lords. The question had assumed such importance that it could no longer be left in the hands of politicians. It had become imperative that the Christian public should declare its opinion, for should Parliament throw out or practically destroy the Bill on the alleged ground that the country was not in favour of dealing with the question, they would feel, had they neglected to give voice to their views, that they had been contributory to the loss of a great measure of justice, designed to heal the direst disease of our country, and to remove the greatest , obstacle of our time to religions progress.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. 11. ROBERTS'S SPEECH.

Ur. HENRY RonF.rtzs, in seconding, said that for many reasons he would have preferred not to have taken a public part in the. discussion of the measure, but when one found the whole nation divided into two camps, in one of which at least there was no selfish thought, no desire for personal aggrandisement, no object of money saving, and on the other side the opposite, then one had a duty to one's convictions and to the cause with which one had been associated practically for a life-time, and he had no option but to take hislittle part in promoting what he believed to be the greatest and most complete measure of temperance reform which had ever been offered to the people of this country. He did not remember any measure that had provoked in the first instance so much rancorous hostility, and in regard to which there had been so remarkable a change of opinion in such a .comparatively short time. The more the measure was understood the more people of moderate views were inclined to its support. It was a very curious thing that those who were most anxious to impress upon the people that this was not a temperancei measure were not temperance people, and one was inclined to look some xhat doubtfully upon the expres- sion of such opinions coming from thoce whose interests lay in maintaining things as they were. It was true they could not make a man sober by Act of Parliament, but it was also true that they could by Act of Parliament make it extremely diffi- cult for a man to get drunk. He remembered the time when there could not be a public holiday with- out it being disgraced by tits excessive amount of drunkenness that occurred. He walk glad to be able to say that there had been a vast improvement in that respect during the last 15 or 20 years, and now it was delightful to notice how rationally our people enjoyed themselves on public holidays and the moderation which they practisA. At the same time one of the saddest things he knew was to see workiag men on a Saturday afternoon, who, with faces blackened with the toil of the workshop and furnace, were unable to reach home without getting drunk and spending a large proportion of those hard-earned wages on whlch their wives and families depended for food and comfort. Many of those men never intended to discredit themselves In this manner, but the temptations which met there in so many iplaces on their way from their work overcame their will power, with the results to which he had referred. The

===== 0002601_19080530_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
TEMPTATIONS TO EXCMSIVE DRINKM

would ho enormously reduced by this Bill and therefore it was a temperance measure. The Bill was not a measure of confiscation, as it was said to be. The 1001 Act for the first time created a vested legal interest in licences. So great an injustice to the people of thia country was that Act that the present Government might have simply reverted to the legal position as it existed prior to 1901, but in the interests of fairness and equity they chose a more excellent way and had agreed to the continuance of one of its main principles for 14 years. It was quite true that an enormous amount of money had been lost in con- nection with the exploitation of public-houses, but it was also true that no money had been lost in capital value since this Bill had been under consideration. He believed something like CO million pounds sterling had been lost in the values of brewery shares and stocks since the time when brewery companies were exploited and capital values enormously inflated, but the whole of that loss occurred with the full knowledge of those who sold their businesses that it would occur. The statements made in regard to confiscation were absolutely untrue. As Mr. Yonge had said, the Bill would aboli.sh 00,000 licences in 11 years, and that in automatic, annual compulsory instalments. He (Mr. Roberts) welcomed that feature of the Bill as one of the grandest propositions ever offered to them, and if they let the chance of securing it go by default their disgrace would be infinite. As regarded clubs, he confessed he had not much sympathy with a lot of the cant which had been uttered about them.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
POLITICAL CLCBS AND SOCIAL CLUBS

were a necessity of the times, but the club which was formed for the purpose mainly of the sale of drink was a menace to society, an intolerable nuisance which ought nav3r to have been permitted, and was a most unfair source of competition to the legitimate licensed victuallers and at the same time free from that police supervision to which every publican was subjected. lie could never understand why a man should not be required to observe the same standard of conduct in a club as the law enforced in public-houses. He hoped sincerely that the Government would suppress with a strong hand all those drinking clubs which at present existed, and make it impossible for others to be established when the present Bill became law. He was sorry also that grocers' licences and off-licences were not included in the purview of the Bill as at prosent drafted, but doubtless in the Committee stages of the Bill all those questions would be suitably dealt with. Mr. Roberts emphasised the desirability of securing the support of that large proportion of moderate Con- liervatives whom he knew were fully prepared to give such support to the Bill in its main principles. In con- clusion he said : This day is fragrant of the memory of

===== 0002601_19080530_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
NucToitiA THE -GOOD.

For over CO years she occupied the foremost place in the world's history. Under her beneficent sway the people of these islands prospered far beyond compare with other nations. Her statesmen knew 'when to take occasion by the hand and make the bonds of freedom wider yet.' The Empire which now owns the sovereignty of her son, has expanded until its shores are kissed by every sea, and the well-beins of innumerable peoples lies in thehands of our legislators. Our children and our children's children will inherit the possessions of a great imperial race, to whom, I believe, Providence has vouchsafed the privileges that attach to the pioneers of progress. Let us see to it that so far as in us lies those who follow us shall be able to testify that we, having done our share in removing the stumbling blocks begotten of the eecessive facilities fol. drinking which now obtain, out of their way have the better fitted them to enter into their great reponsibilities and to add fresh lustre to the British Crown.

THE FREE CHURCHES' STAND FOR T:IE PEOPLE Councillor HNITTHORN, in supporting the resolution, said they were passing through a great moral effort towards more sober living, and this was a time when the voice of the Churches should be heard. in that great battle between tho highest, social, intellectual and moral interests of the people of England on the one hand and the money interests and commercial privileges of a dangerous monopoly on the other, the Free Churches stood for the people. Taken as a whole the Nonconformist Churches of our land stood not merely free from State control and endowment, but Lee from liquor control and domination. There was the more necessity for them to emphasise their views on behalf of the measure in Warrington in view of the desertion of the temperance cause by clergymen, from whom they might have expected some light and leading in the matter. The Government had shown considerable courage in

===== 0002601_19080530_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
STAKING ITS _EXISTENCE

on licensing reform for their efforts in the past had resulted disastrously. The forces arrayed against the Bill were strong and united, and already they had heard a good deal of the Bacchanalian uproar. But the froth had gone off, and if all who were anxious to remove that stumbling block from the path of the people rallied to the support of the measure there was every reason to believe that it would find a'place on the Statute book of the country. It was not a party question.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 30, 1908.

It was a movement which knew no distinction of race or

well timbered and in good order before he started. Deceased had worked in the mines over fifty years, and he had never met with an accident before. They worked throughout the day until ten minutes to three in the afternoon, when deceased ceased work, and was gathering up his tools. Witness left the place with the last box of coal, and when about seven yards away he heard a fall of roof. He at once went back and found his father under a stone about five feet long, two feet broad, and eight inches thick. The stone was on his back, and had come from the roof about four yards from the face of the coal. He raised the stone and shouted for help, and Moses Leivesley came and helped him to get the stone off his father. He was taken home and found to be suffering from internal injuries and I fractured ribs.—A verdict of Accidental death " was returned.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES,

class or creed, and it was a matter for congratulation that in the promotion of that measure of temperance reform Christians of all creeds were standing together. ! FATAL FALL AT WIDNES. It was hardly necessary to argue in a place of that kind' Hugh Hyland, a middle-aged man, residing in Mid- that the drink traffic complicated, aggravated and intensified every social evil of our time. The work of wood-street, died at the Widnes Accident Hospital on our churches was crippled and stultified by the drinking Monday morning. Hyland fell downstairs on Saturday habits of the people, who were subjected to temptation evening whilst going to bed and severely injured his in the matter of drink beyond the strength of any back and nock.—Ellen Lightfoot, seventy-one years of people. The Licensing Bill sought to lessen the number age, of Harris-street, died at her home on Sunday as the of temptations ; to remove the perils in the way of the result of injuries received on April 6. She fell in the people ; to bring under the control of the nation a very backyard and broke the femur of her thigh. Dr. dangerous trade ; and at the end of 14 years to allow Hutchinson attended her. the people to settle this matter for themselves. That ; RUNCORN SHIP ON FIRE. was not the time nor the place to go into the financial i Early on Monday morning during the temporary considerations which had raised sueh a storm of abuse. absence of the watchman, the ketch Syron was fouud to There had been a great deal of wild talk about robbery be on fire in the tidal basin of the Ship C mil at and confiscation. As a matter of fact there never was a Runcorn. The after-part of the vessel was completely property in a licence until it was recognised in Mr. Balfour's act of 1904, and as for the cry of robbing the gutted before the flames were got under. The Syren belonged to Charles 11. R. Harrison, of Runcorn, who widows and orphans who held debenture stock, these only purchased the boat a few days ago. It is not insured. their were robbed before the Government introduced .nsed. their bill by the men who unloaded their inflated deben- , tures and their depreciated shares upon a gullible ' NEW LIBERAL CLUB FOR WIDNES. public. Altogether the Bill, as the Bishop of Liverpool The new Liberal Club in Widnes-road, Widnes, is very finely said, was a " great step towards making our rapidly approaching completion. It is a handsome and great country as sober as she is free." 'practical building, and has been erected at a cost of The resolution was passed without a dissentient. I £2,500, including internal fittings and decorations. The Mr. GEORGE WALLINGTON proposed that copies of ; site, valued at £lOO, was presented by Dr. E. K. the resolution be forwarded to the Prime Minister, ' Muspratt. Towards the total capital required over the Member for the borough, and the Leader of the £1,600 has been subscribed, and it is hoped that before Opposition. He said he was heart and soul for the Bill the building is completed the whole of the capital will which was a most moderate one, and he firmly believed be forthcoming. The club has a commodious entrance- it would have a splendid moral effect. hall,dining-room, smoke-room,billiard-room, lounge, and Mr. W. ROBERTS seconded the proposition and said keeper's quarters. On the first floor is a ball-room he rejoiced at the prospect of the Bill becoming law, fitted with a small stage, and a balcony, and access to This third attempt to deal with the question should it is obtained through a spacious crush hall. The pay for all. It had certainly united ell the religious cubical contents of the building are 63,000 feet. Slight and moral forces in the country, and among the Free alterations have been made in the original plans so as Churches in the land there was not a dissentient to give more comfort to the members.- note. He hoped their efforts would be crowned ' RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. with abundant success. Mr. Roberts concluded ;by quoting the following I from Mr. Lloyd- MORE ABOUT THE WINE CELLAR. .George's flue speech at Edinburgh on Saturday : The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at A licence was not the freehold of the brewer ; it was Dutton Workhouse on Tnesday, Mr. T. Baxter in the purely an annual licence. How long did chair. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Spruce the law allow an inventor the monopoly of his ideas, (vice-chairman), P. Mounfield, G. Egerton-Warburton, the product of his own brain ? Fourteen, years ; and P. Booth. J. IL Davies, L. Bolton, T. Wright, H. his invention probably benefited mankind. Whom bad Mawdsley, S. Woodward, G. Pilling, E. Brethertcn, R. the brewer benefited ? Was Britain better, brighter, Nixon, J. Renshaw, J. Hallows, C. E. Linaker, junr., nobler for the monopoly (chorus of" No " ) ? If, then, ' Admiral Jones-Parry, W. Turner, J. B. Chadwick. A. fourteen years was good enough for the inventor, it was , Haining, T. Antrvis, J. Mynekyme, G. F. Ashton (clerk). too much for the brewer. (Loud cheers). The trade T. Cook, W. It. De Prez, J. Pearson (relieving officers), had really broken faith with the nation, It wag a and T. D. Rollinson (master). breach of the law to make a man drunk ; yet last year The Clerk said that he had ascertained the amount there were 200,003 convictions for drunkenness, which of money spent on liquor during the last four years, was probably only one tenth of the drunkenness of the ' which was as follows :-1905, £lO 2s. ; 1906, £4 lls. ; land. These 200,000 drunks were breaches of contract 1907, £9 12s. ; 1903, £5 es., or £7 Gs. Gd. on an average. by the trade ; yet the trade came down and I Mr. Collins : I should like to know if Mr. Mynekyme pleaded that contract which it had torn to is satisfied with this explanation ? ribbons long ago. (Applause.) Every slum was a I Mr. Mynekyrne : I am satisfied as far as it goes. breach of contract. (Renewed applause.) If they had , You are having a good deal of fun with yourselves in not the excessive drinking, half the profit 3 of the trade , regard to the whisky. It will not convince me that I would disappear. It was a fine old English adage which ; did not see the spirits in the cellar. It is every said," He who comes to equity must come with clean ! guardian's duty to know what is kept in the stores. hands." (Applause.) In conclusion, Hr. Lloyd George That's what he is here for. The doctor said that one said the Government's object was a land where gallon of whisky in the Workhouse served for 100 they would meet no drunkard staggering along the road patients in the sick ward. At Bucklew no spirits were towards his doom ; a land where they had no slums for ; kept. humanity to rot in ; a land with two.thirds of its I Mr. Pilling : One gallon each ? (Laughter.) prison cells empty ; a land with its workhouses vanished; I Mr. Mynelcyrne : No. One gallon for 100. (Laughter.) a land with its children well fed, well clothed, well ,If this has not been bought by the Guardians—if it has sheltered, well trained, with their merry laughter ring- ' come through another source—there is no doubt about log through the streets; a land where the curse of drink lit we shall have to pay doubly or trebly for it. The shall be driven from its hearths. I Guardians will have to pay for it indirectly. (Cries

The resolution was carried unanimously.

of dissent.) Mr. Woodward said a serious charge of this kind could not be allowed to go forth. The only charge to the Board was shown in the Clerk's figures—the bills passed by the Finance Committee. They were getting very near to the suggestion of Mile End, Poplar, and West Ham. Mr. Mynekyme was justified in his attitude at the beginning, but he was sorry he should persist in that attitude. It had become serious. Alderman Norman said it was time the matter should be put plainly. Some time ago a member of the Board was good enough to give the members a banquet entirely at his own expense, and a numb:m of the bottles seen in the cellar by Mr. Mynekyne were what were left in connection with that banquet and had nothing to do with any expenditure on the part of the Guardians. Mr. Wright : Every bottle Mr. Mynekyme saw was empty. (Laughter). Mr. Collins said he felt very sure that he had opened the discussion. He had had a paper sent him from somebody whom he did not know with a sketch of the Runcorn Guardians. It was stated that one guardian denied having sampled the whisky and he expected that that member was himself. (Laughter). Mr. Norman : I hope 11fr. Mynekyme will frankly say that he is quite satisfied. Mr. Mynekyme : lam quite satisfied. TIIE HOUSE COMMITTEE.

Mr. Spruce reported that Nurse Crowton had been appointed a permanent nurse. The number of inmates in the house was 174 as compared with 151 for last year. There were 83 vagrants as compared with 73 the corresponding number last year. The report was adopted. RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. T. Wright (vice-chairman), T. Baxter, J. Spruce, P. Mounfield, G. Egerton•Warburton, P. Booth, J. H. Davies, L. Bolton, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, B. Bretherton, R. Nixon, J. Renshaw, J. Hallow. 4 C. E. Linakerz jinn, Admiral J.P. Jones-Parry,W. Turner, J.B.Chadwick,H.Haining, T. Antwis, J. Mynekyme, G. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton, W. Diggle (surveyors), J. Farrington (nuisance inspector), and Dr. Adams (medical officer). Tilt ROADS.

The Clerk read a let-terf;;;-I\fr. C. L. Evans, Norton Estates Office, stating that owing to the level of the road being raised of late years the water after a heavy shower runs into the adjoining field in the occupation of Mr. T. Horton of Norton. He would be glad if the Council would attend to the matter as Mr. Horton was complaining of the damage done to his crops. Mr. Diggle said that the water after heavy storms ran into the land at the lowest point but the road wis like many other country road,. There could be no remedy except the laying of a pipe across the land to the Bridgewater Canal which would be too costly and nodoubt be objected to by the Ship Canal Company. The letter was referred to the Highways Committee. The Clerk read a letter from Mr. Maclver stating that the road leading past Dutton Lodge over the canal bridge was dangerous, littte or no metal remain- ing over the bricks of the arch. The matter was urgent and he trusted it would receive immediate attention and avoid risk of serious accident to those obliged to use the road. This was also referred to the Highways Executive Committee. _

OPENING OUT A NEW DISTRICT.

The Helsby Parochial Committee resolved that a direct road from Helsby to Ellesmere Port would have the effect of opening out the intervening district for building pur- poses, would be of great commercial benefit to a large portion of the community and would tend to popularize portions of the Chester and Runcorn rural arears as residential neighbourhoods. That the Rural District Council be urged to invite the County Councils of the divisions interested and representatives from the Urban Rural and Parish Councils through whose areas such a road would pass or whose area or parish would be immediately affected thereby, to attend a conference with a view to discussing ways and means of making such a road.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
The Cleavage of Parties.

TO TITE EDITOR, 64 Ex k.:\IINER." Sir,—The days of mourning for the 10S3 of my youthful collaborator in the production of these letters being ended I must return to my allotted task alone. During the period of my silence I have noted the strange cleavage of parties in which the opponents of the Licensing Bill seemed to be overwhelmed with anxiety for the good of the Trade and of those who have invested money in it and have entirely lost sight of the national good. To them it is sterling honesty to oppose the Bill. Our local clergy of the Established Church have declared for and still remain on the side of the Brewer and his Trade : they show no sign of the return of reason and commonsense and indicate no desire to forward national sobriety and national well- being. If the Bill is defective surely there are ways of improving it and making it a better one. Will it go down to the succeeding ages that in the" history of our own times " one party in the State attempted a great moral reform while the other party sulked in their tents and not only would not aid but (lid all they could to prevent the success of the measure ? Is Warrington going to allow it to be said in the future that in a great crisis in the moral history of England the Estab- lished clergy were opposed to reform whilst the Nonconformist clergy were equally unanimous in its favour ? The walls of our town are at present decorated with two bills, one speaks of" Honesty winning " and the other speaks of the Robber Bill.' I pity the people from the bottom of my heart who are content with the kind of "honesty " here referred to. We are nil admirers of honesty and honest dealing, ancl none of us desire to rob any man of his legitimate rights and privileges. The nation which has been able to rise to the emergency in a great national crisis will,' have no fear on the present occasion, do some- thing to rescue our race from the degrading habit of excessive drinking. We cannot make a sober nation by Act of Parliament, but we may by the judicious blending of moral suasion and wise legislation do a great deal to improve the morals, the sobriety, and the physical condition of our race. If the brewers after they have poured out their money like water to create a monopoly in demoralisation are determined to exact the uttermost farthing of compensation for per- mitting the nation to return to righteousness they have only to convince the majority of the nation that they have a right to it. The nation that abolished slavery and that has always been in the van of liberty and freedom has not yet become so decrepit and feeble that it cannot throw off the present yoke of intoxica- tion which is sapping the material and physical well- being of our race. In conclusion let us not forget the lesson taught in those beautiful lines of Longfellow : " Lives of great men all remind us We can make our lives sublime, And, departing, leave behind us Footprints in the sands of time ; " I remain, yours &c.,

PHIL. SQUOD.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITSUNTIDE EXCURSIONS.

The excursions arranged by the London and North- Western Railway for the Whitsuntide holidays are very numerous and attractive, and should meet the demand of all who are desirous of visiting friends or who may ha on pleasure bent. The list covers many parts of England, Scotland, Ireland and Wale., and to some of the most prominent of these we would call attention. To those intending to visit Ireland, it will be well known that the Ncrth-Weatern Company's route to the Emerald Isle is the most popular and expeditious, the journey being made by the short sea route via Holyhead. To Greenore, and the North of Ireland, many cheap trips have Wen fixed, and Greenore, it may be said, is a convenient centre for excursions on Carlinford Lough, and through the Mourne mountains district, and other Points. Those desiring one of the most delightful holidays should visit Greener°, and make this a centre. There is excellent hotel accommodation under the management of the Company. Golf links (18 hole course) and Club House have been provided, and resi- dents in the hotel have free use of same. There is also excellent sea and river fishing. Excursions to London are also fixed on various dates, and on June Gth to York, ScarboroYand other stations North-Eastern dis- trict, June sth to West of England by the direct and popular route, via the Severn Tunnel. June sth South and Central Wales, South Coast watering places and the Eastern counties. Excursions to Scotland, all parts, on June sth, 10th and 11th, on which trains through carri- ages will be run to Glasgow and Edinboro'. The local tripper is also well catered for and many special tripe are arranged to Blackpool, North Wales line, Liverpool, Manchester, Huddersfield, Leeds, &c. The week-end, short and long date tickets usually issued on Fridays sud Saturdays will be issued on June sth and Gth, the short date tickets being available for return any day up to and including the following Wednesday and the longer period any day up to and including the following Monday week. The Great Eastern Railway Co., announce Hitt reduced fares available for eight days will be issued to Brussels via Harwich and Antwerp. Passengers leaving the Northern and Midland Counties in the afternoon reach Brussels next morning after a comfortable night's rest on board the steamer. For visiting the Hague Scheveningen (the Dutch Brighton) and Amsterdam for the cities of the Zlyder Zee, special facilities are offered via the Great Eastern Railway's British Royal Mail Harwich-Hook of Holland route. From the Hook of Holland through carriages and restaurant cars run on the express trams to Cologne, Bale and Berlin. The Cheshire Lines Company will issue cheap excur- sion tickets from Warrington to Douglas. Llandudno, Bangor, Beaumaria,Menai Bridge, Dublin, Belfast,Cork, Li verpool,Nevv Brighton, Eastham,Southport,Knutsford Northwich, Delamere, &c. Special sailings to North Wales have been arranged by the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co. Full particulars as to tinaesicc., appear in our advertising columns. -

Afessrs. Longlands advertise sailings from Liverpool, to Glasgow and Greenock at special rates. The Tedcastle Line have arranged trips to Dnblin and those who desire to visit the English Lakes en route are catered for by the special round sea trip per "Cumbria " every Saturday to:Whitehaven, thence to Dublin and back.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
AstrToN's LIFE: TONIC repairs broken down systems, clears and strengthens the brain and braces up the nerves. Is. per bottle. Also in tablet form Is. per bottle from H. Al.llAsturoN, 63, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
DUST NUISANCE.

_ The Committee further resolved that the County Surveyor be requested to have that portion of the mein road in Holsby which lies between the road to Collins Square and the South end of the avenue,treated with a dust laying material and to intimate that the Committee would guarantee the repayment of two thirds of the cost of the treatment. The Clerk was instructed to ascertain the terms upon which the County Council would allow the use of their water cart in the district roads in the parish of lielsby. In reply to a inquiry from the Helsby Athletic Club, the clerk was instructed to state 'lilt the Council could not bear any portion of tho expense of extending their sewer for the purpose of taking the drainage from the clubs pavilion. The report was adopted. A NUISANCE. The Frodsham Parish Council drew the attention of the District Council to the nuisance caused by the people depositing refuse by the sides of the main roads and by-roads in Frodsham Lordship end asked them to take immediate steps to have the nuisance abated. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. Dr. Adams in his report said that Stockton Heath was invaded by measles. He had visited several houses and also the schools. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ST. PETER'S GUILD SALE OF WORK.

On Saturday afternoon, the members of the St. Peter's Children's Guild held their sale of work in the schoolroom, Newton. Mrs. Pennington' in opening the sale of work, spoke of the work of the Guild. The Vicar, the Rev. J. W. Ryder, who presided, explained that the work was done by the children of their school, and spoke in praise of the work done. The articles were speedily sold, and a good amount was realized for the Guild funds. COLLIERY FArALITY. IIAVDOCK MAN'S SAD END.

- - The inquest on Thomas Pimblett (61), a collier, of Blackbrook-road, Haydock, was help in the vestry of the Haydock Congregational Church on Monday by Mr. Brighouse. Pimblett was employed at the Ashton's Green Colliery, St. Helens, and was injured on Monday, May 4th, and died on Thursday last. John Pimblett, son, said that on the Monday in question he went with his father to work as usual. They got to the working place about ten minutes past six in the morning. His father was always very careful to see that the working place was

===== 0002601_19080530_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATIONS TO VIADUCT FORMIEN.

Last Friday night a presentation took place at. the Viaduct Institute, to three retiring foremen—Mr. Clare, Mr. Barcroft, and Mr. Cave —who retired owing to ago limit, after a long period of service with the London and North-Western Railway Comparo, at the Waggon Works, Earlestown. The presents which had been subscribed for by the foremen, inspectors, and a few friends, were of a very appro- priate character, consisting of a handsome chiming I clock for Mr. Clara, a smoker's cabinet for Mr. Barcroft, and a handsome cruet and a barometer for Mr. Cave. The chair was taken by Mr. C. W. Emmett, assistant superintendent, who was supported by Mr. Emmett and Mr. T. Ormand, Mr.Sinalley and Mr. Goff. Mr. Bmmett and Mr.Ormand eulogized the excellent services rendered by the three gentlemen whom they had met to honour that evening, saying they had discharged their duties I faithfully to the company and with advantage to the servants. Mr. Goff followed, and spoke of the long connection between himself and Mr. Clare, whilst occupying the position of junior foreman, and hoped that Mr. Clare and the others would remember those they left behind. The Chairman called upon Mr. B. Harrison to perform the pleasing duty of handing the presents to the recipients. Mr. Harrison spoke of their long career as foremen,a period extending over 30 years, and recalled many incidents in their lives,concluding by presenting the articles with a few well chosen words to each one as he handed them their presents. Messrs. Clare, Barcroft, and Cave each returned thanks. Mr. Smalley proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and subscribers, which was seconded by Mr. Bolton. Ths. arrangements were in the hands of Mr. Smalley and Mr. Goff, chief foremen of the Waggon Shop and Smithies respectively.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

INCREASE IN ST. HELENS RATES.

The Finance Committee of the St. Helens Tow Council on Wednesday, decided to increase the borough rate by 3d. in the pound. There will probably be an increase of Id. in the poor rate. ST. HELENS CANAL TRAGEDY.

The body of the young woman found in the S. Helens Canal on Monday was on Tuesday identified as that of Elizabeth M'Quaid, single woman, aged twenty who had left her home only about an hour before her hat and umbrella were found in the canal. She lived with her widowed mother in Wilfred-street, and two years ago was sent to Rainhill Asylum, and was an Inmate of that institution for nine months. On her discharge she went to several places of service. A week ago she left a situation and had since complained of pains in her head. When she left home at two o'clock on Monday afternoon she said to her young sister, " If I don't get a place, goodness knows when you will see me again."

TOO MUCH ELEVATED.

OLD SWEEP'S SUNDAY PRANK.

William M`Cawley, a St. Helens labourer, created great amusement at the police court, on Monday, when he was charged with disorderly conduct. M`Cawley when charged, said, "I went to try and clean the chimney-pot. We were smoked out of tho house, and could not clean it. It had got full of soot." Police-constable Marmot said that at ten minutes past three on Sunday afternoon he was called from the Town Hall to prisoner, who seas on tho roof of his house in Claughton-street. M`Cawley was clinging to a chimney-stack. After a lot of persuasion he got the man to come down, and found that he was drunk. _

The Clerk : Ho W did you get him down ? Witness said he got down from roof to roof, and he was nearly falling off two or three times. When he reached the ground he said he could not reach the chimney top, and wanted to take a stool and go up again. Prismaer said that was correct. The Chairman : You are not a chimney-sweep? Prison : I used to be ten years ago. Since then I have been in Pilkington's collieries, and 1 have to go inside the boilers to clean them.

He was fined ss. and costs or seven days. SERIOUS ST. HELENS CASE.

Thomas Hallwood, a St. Helens collier, who was _arrested a week ago on a charge of attempting suicide, was brought before the magistrates at St. Helens on Saturday, when it was stated that the man, after drink- ing all day, took out his razor and terrified his wife by attempting to cut his throat. She struggled and took the razor from him. Ho had been in custody a week, and now stated that he had taken the pledge, and he was discharged on promising not to repeat the offence.— John Colligan, a St. llelens labourer, who had deserted his wife and three children in October last, and caused the guardians considerable expense, was dealt with by the St. Helens magistrates on Saturday. It was stated that this was the third time Colligan had run away, and be had been in regular work in Rochdale, whilst his wife and children had been in the workhouse. He was sent to prison for two months' hard labour.—John Derbyshire, a St. Helens hawker, who was arrested a the previous night for threatening to kill his children, was on'Saturday sent by the St. Ilelens magistrates for fourteen days' detention.—Dr. Latham certified that he was not in his right mind.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTORIST HAUL.

James Boyle Livesey, a Blackburn merchant, who resides at Southport, when charged at St. Helens County Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, with exceeding the speed limit on the Warrington road at Bold, replied, " I plead guilty to twenty-seven miles an hour.' Superintendent Baxendale said that inconsequence of complaints Sergeant Turner and a constable timed motors for a quarter-mile on the Bold road. On May 18 they found that Mr. Livesey covered the quarter-mile in two-seconds, which made twenty-eight miles an hour. Livesey had been fined £3 at Lytham last year, and the magistrates now said they would repeat that penalty. Walter Ormerod, company director, admitted that he covered a quarter-mile on the Mossborough road between Knowsley and Rainford at a speed of over thirty-one miles an hour.—He was fined £3 and costs. Thomas Gregory, schoolmaster, of St. Helens, and Ralph K. Milne, solicitor, were charged with driving motor-cycles at over twenty-three miles an hour at Windle Flat, on the Rainford road on Sunday, the 10th inst.

Mr. thloe pointed out that the excess of speed alleged by the police was very slightly over the limit. He was fined 10s. and costs.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. C. E. PARKER AND LEATHER TRADE

FEDERATION.

In the Manchester, .Liverpool and District Tanners' Federation Year Book, which has just been issued for 1908, Mr. Charles E. Parker has an article headed " Federate ! Federate ! ! Federate I! ! " He says : —The Federation of the Tanners of the United Kingdom in their common interests makes sure, if somewhat slow progress. The very successful gathering held in the Midland Hotel, London, on November 7th, 1907, was a visible sign of this. Over one hundred tanners representing almost every import- ant hide-tanning firm in Great Britain and Ireland met in response to the invitation of the three existing Federations. There was a distinct evidence of a desire to draw together for common action,a recogni- tion that if tho trade does not hang together, many of its members may have to hang singly. The principal subjects discussed were as fellows :—"The Contracting Out Clause in the Federation of the Trade," "Tanning Material Contracts,"" Private Collections of Hides and their Influence on Auction Marts," and "The Adoption of the new I.A.L.T.c. Method of Analysis." Since this gathering the executives of the Federations have not been idle, but have been seeking to bring all tanners into association, and progress has been made. Although the Federations already in existence have been able to accomplish much for their members, and indeed for the whole trade, we are constantly coming up against subjects which cannot be put on a right basis without the co-operation and support of the whole trade. Take the somewhat simple question of horns, about which Mr. William Harvey writes. Not a single reason can be brought forward, not a single advantage suggested in favour of bringing horns into a tannery and their ?ending them out again. All admit that in carriage, labour, &c., the custom involves an unnecessary and foolish annual waste, and yet this will go on and on for over unless as a united trade we decline to buy what we have no use for, and so induce the hide markets to deal with horns and tails as they do with fat, &c. The executives of the existing Federations clearly recog- LIIZO the limits to collective action, and have no desire fo interfere with, or dictate to, tanners in those spheres to action in which individual freedom is desirable and necessary ; but everyone will admit that there are sub- jects which are of common interest, both in the direc- tion of reform and of defence which can only he effectively dealt with by a federation of the Whole trade. It will be for the tanners themselves in their collective capacity wisely to determine where collective action is wise and profitable, and where it is desirable to leave individual action unfettered. a The Year Book is replete with special articles on topics connected with the trade, and dealt with by experts in readable and instructive form. There are also five art illustrations of Dr. J. Gordon Parker, the late Mr. Jonathan L. Evans, Mr. Robert Mellor, J.P., the late Mr. P. E. Sparko Evans, Mr. Stanley George Lutwyche. The book may be had from Mr. W. B. Morton, The Mount, Penketh, who has also copies for 1906 and 1907.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

Cricket. At last Warrington have achieved a victory. Let U 3 hope it may be the precursor or a long series of triumphs, for before Saturday there had been nothing in the club's performances to arouse enthusiasm. The Warringtonians did well in disposing of Prescot on their o Arn ground, and that without maah ditßoulty. Delightful weather favoured the fixture and Warring. ton had the advantage of batting first on a capital pitch. J. W. Bibby made his fimt appearance this season, and needless to say was heartily welcomed. T. Wright was unable to appear, owing to an injured hand. Going to the wicket first the Warriugtonians made 121, B. Silcock, the captain, distinguishing himself with a carefully compiled 28.

-- The Prescot innings realized only 76. 11. Callon and Cresswell were in great form with the ball, Callon accounting for 5 wickets for 17 runs while the profes- sional secured 4 for 23. The Warrington fielding was brilliant.

Warrington play their first home match, when Preston will visit the Arpley enclosure.

-- The second team achieved another splendid victory at the expense of Prescot second. The Warringtonians compiled 163, and tumbled out the visitors for 65. A. Thewlls gave a brilliant display with the bat, his 49 including eight 4's and two 3's. P. B. Ilawtin knocked up 41 in faultless style, while Houghton made a capital 23. W. Sephton (23) was the only visiting player to reach double figures. W. Bennett captured six wickets for 26 runs, whilst Thewlis bagged three for 33.

-- In the Warrington and District League Rylands Bros. tried conclusions with Cheshire Lines, and suffered defeat by the narrow margin of O. J. McKay bowled splendidly for the visitor; taking seven wickets for six runs, and McGowan secured eight for 10.

Wilderspool Brewery defeated Bewsey Wesleyans by 37 to 21. The match was exciting, for at one time Bewsey had lost five wickets without securing a run. R. Hallows for Wilderspool took nine wickets for 14 runs, and performed the " hat trick."

-- St. James' registered a victory over Walker's brewery, making 63 for 9 while the Brewery men were all out for 64. J. Hallam (24) and C. Holt (23) batted in grand style for the victors and E. Allen made an excellent 22 for the brewery.

An eleven representing the Warrington and District League will play the North Liverpool League on the Corporation Electric Supply Ground, Lister Drive, Green-lane, Liverpool, on Whit Monday morn- ing. The following team has been selected to do duty for Warrington P. Foster (captain) and J. Cartwright (St. Jernes'), J. Duckworth (vice-captain) (Cheshire Lines Engineers), R. Hallows and W. Howard (Waders- pool Brewery), C. Burrell and J. Woodhead ("Guadian" Office),J. Armitage and R. Craddock (Bervsey Wesleyans), G. McGowan and E. P. Sanders ( Rylands' Bros.); with W. Hill (Cheshire Lines Engineers), S. Minett (Bemsey Wesleyans),J. Layfleld (itylands' Bros.) and T. Thompson (Wilderspool Brewery), reserves; umpire, Mr. S. J. Thompson.

In the Warrington Junior League, Marahhouss-llne defeated Orford by 11 runs, not a single player reaching double figures. Sankey inflicted a very severe drubbing on St. Mary's, the most successful batsman being J. Bradburn who knocked up 51 in grand style. There was a close contest between St. James's and Lnvely- lane, the latter winning by 4 runs. C. F. SlsTbury was the top scorer with 13.

I--

Latchford Baptists visited Winwick Asylum and inflicted a severe defeat on the villagers. The home team batted first, amassing 58, against which the visitors replied with a total of 191. li'or the victors J. Conway bowled well, taking 6 wickets for 18 runs. Elliot Harris, of Rugby football fame, batted well, being top scorer with 59 to his credit. J. Stowell also batted in good style, making 32 not out.

Grappenhall entertained Glazebury and were victorious by 56. E. Banks and W. Carter each knocked up 13, and J. Warburton captured 8 wickets for 13 runs.

Warrington Police have got a splendid team this season and on Wednesday they triumphed over the Salford custodians of tha peace by 82 and 33. Dr. Smith knocked up an excellent 21 and the Chief Constable was also in good form, his innings realizing 19. Green and Dr. Smith bowled well, the first named taking five wickets for 5 runs.

In the absence of W. H. Podmore, through injury, his deputy, T. G. Bate, took charge of the Warrington Thursday team this week when the game with Hoole was played on the Arpley enclosure under the most delightful weather conditions, and on a splendid wicket. .Runs came freely from the start and the visitors made the creditable total of 122. Per the home side J. F. Foster and J. H. Constable had the game well in hand when the time rule stoppsi play, having made 66 for no wickets.

Walker's Brewery met Widnes Police at Widnes on Thursday and the game resulted in an easy win for the visitors. For the winners J. Milner batted well,making 34 before being caught. A. Holland also bowled splen- didly, taking 7 wickets for twice as many runs. Walker's innings totalled 35 while Widnes were all dis- missed for 39.

There is no mistaking the fact that of late cyclists have been receiving a fair share of fortune's favour The glorious weather of Saturday last induced about 20 members of the Warrington Cycling Club to make the Journey to Delamere, and needless to sly the ride to what is claimed by many as bEiag the most delightful part of Cheshire, was greatly enjoyed by all taking part. After tea, which was partaken of at that quaint old hostelry the Abbey Arms, the rem .n journey was com- menced, the members by way of a little deviation travelling fora few miles by the forest path, home being reached in good time.

-- Oh Tuesday evening, Glazebury was the destination and nearly a score of members putting in an appearance, a capital evening was spent, an impromptu concert by the club's reserve contingent being much enjoyed.

The first bowling handicap of the season, which carries with it the Silver Challenge Cup, was com- menced on Wednesday evening on the Club Green at Sankey. A record entry has been received and some excellent games were witnessed. The holder of the Cup, Mr. W. Unsworth, was defeated in the first round. The games will be continued each Wednesday evening until the haudicap is completed.

To-day the Club travel to Che-iter, the old city with its many attractions always having been a favourite resort of the Warringtonians and a good muster of members is confidently anticipated.

For the benefit of those not having dilly acquaint- ance with the Warrington bridge, it mty interest thorn to know that they can now cross over into Cheshire with much less risk to their limbs and machines than was previously the case,a few lours suMcin,g to remedy what has been a source of constant danger fo: weeks.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Rugby Football.

Warrington is to —ha;re a Northern Union Junior League and all enthusiasts will wish SUCO3SS to the new organizat:on. A preliminary meeting was h&d at the Football Club pavilion n Tuesday evening and was attended by 120 juniors. Mr. H. Ashton (hon. secretary of the club) presided, and gave a helpful address.—After some discussion it was decided, on the proposition of Mr. R. C. Essenhigh, seconded by Mr. A. J:lVhittle, to form a junior league, the age limit to be 21 years. Great praise is due to Messrs. I. C. Essenhigh and Clatworthy for their efforts in initiating the scheme. The Committee of the Football Club are opening a subscription list in aid of the widow and family of the late J. T. Thorniley, and heading the donations with the sum of £ll.- Members are requested to send contributions to Mr. T. Pemberton.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH. -- Annual Sale of Work

The annual sale of work in connection with Wycliffe Congregational Church was held in the assembly raom of the Wycliffe Memorial Buildings on Thursday after- noon when there wss a large attenianee. The sale xvas opened by Mrs. Ziba Armitage and the Rev. John Yonge presided. The following is a list of the stall-holders : Fancy Work Stall :N-Mrs. Armitage. Mrs. Yonge, Mrs. Garland, Mrs. E. 'S. Garland and Miss Walker. Plain Work Stall :—Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Slack, Mrs. Winskill, Mrs. Jeffery and Mrs. Wallington. Refreshment Stall ;—Mrs. Leiper, Mrs. Brooks, Misses Annie, Florence and Agnes Wallington, Miss Harrison, Miss Porritt, Misses Hawthorn, Misses Roberts, Miss Corney, Miss Wood, Miss Bateman, Miss Beswick and Miss Wnlmsley. The CIIAIRM AN said he was sure that they were all pleased to have Mrs. Ziba Armitage with them that afternoon. The object of the sale was to raise money for the variaus purposes which Wycliffe Church stood for. Last year he believed they raised about £lOO and they were hopeful of again raising that amount. They were all pleased to see members of other churches with them. Mrs. ARMITAGF: said that four different ladies had been approached to open the sale of work but they had beenonsuccessful in obtaining the services of any of those ladies. So Mr. Yonge had told her that she had better do it. That was why she was there. She believed in brevity. She had once attended a sale of

work in Warrington when the opening ceremony lasted an hour so that she had only an hour to spend money in, and she hid some of it with her when she left. There were two competitions : one for the best made article which brought the largest price—the material not to have cost more than a shilling—and one with similar conditions, only the price of the material had not to be more thin sixpence. In the shilling competition Miss Elarrisoa had won the first prize ; Mrs. Wilker the second ; and Miss Slack the third, whilst in the sixpenny competition Mrs. Cadman was first, Mrs. Thoznpsonsecond, and Miss Lo we,thi rd. (Applause.) Mr. Ci.WALLINGTON proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Armitage. Mr. W. FL PAYTON seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. From 3 to 6 o'clock an organ recital was given in the Cinrch by Mr. W. 11. Payton and was much appreciated During the evening there were half-hour concerts, the programme including piano duet by Miss Farrar and Mr. W. H.Payton, songs by Miss Mary Hawthorn, Miss J. Armstrong' Miss Grths, Mr. B. Hibbert, Mr. Levi Richardson, Mr. Paroy Bailey, duet by Mr. Levi Richardson and Miss Avioe Beswick, recitation by Miss Carney and reading by Mr. H. M. Ashton. The proceeds of the sale amounted to between 670 and £3O. We are informed that a further sale of surplus goods will be held In the autumn.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON -ASSESSIENT COMMITTEE.

Important Appea Is.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Assessment Com nittee was held at the Workhouse yesterday morn- ing. There were present :—Messrs. J. Billinge,W. Gill IV. Furness, G. Mather, J. C. Sutton (clerk), R. R. Meacock (valuer), W. El. Woodcook (assistant overseer). Pending the election of chairman the Clerk presided. He remarked that Mr. A. J. Jolley had for some years past heen the chairman and Mr. J. Billinge the vice- chairman.

ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. Mr. A. BitooKs said he was sure that if Mr. Jolley_ were present or even if it had not been for his continued absence from meetings of the Guardians, the com- mittee would be unanimously in favour of re-appointing him. In his absence there was nothing for it but to appoint some other gentleman and he had therefore pleasure in proposing the election of Mr. Billinge. • Mr. MATH ER seconded and Mr. Gm. supported. The CLERK paid a tribute to the services of Mr.Jolley, remarking that a more efficient chairman of an Assess- ment Committee it would be impossible to find in Poor Law experience. While paying that respect to the late chairman, he welcomed Mr. Billing° who was a courteous and efficient gentleman and, he was sure, would do honour to the office. It would be a most important year, for subject to any amicable arrangement that might be arrived at between the valuer of the b,ig firma of Warrington, there would undoubtedly be great opposition to important increases of assessments. The resolution was unanimously agreed to. The CHAIRMAN said he looked favourably on the prospects for the future because he felt that when the ratepayers became conversant with the arrangements of the committee for the revaluation of the whole of the Union quinquenially they would realize that they were based on principles of equity and would be quite satisfied. Mr. A. Bnootts was elected vice-chairman and the Chairman and Clerk were appointed representatives on a committee of representatives of Lancashire Union Assessment Committees and Overseers. FIRTH COMPANY'S ASSESSMENT. Mr. RATLIBONE (slocetary) appealed on behalf of the Firth Co. Ltd., wire manafacturers, against the assess- ment of their works at £1,002 gross and £822 rateable. lie considered that an increase from £317 to £321 was very excessive. As a cotton factory full of machinery and more fully occupied than it was at present, the works was only assessed at £3lB net. A portion of their machinery had not been running for some time and the only increase in the buildings was a small shed. They employed about 200 hands. The wire trade to-day i was n a very difficult position. In Warrington they were paying the highest rate of wages of any wire dis- trict in the country, independent of the competition they had to meet from abroad. The Committee decided to adjourn their decision pending an interview between the valuer and the firm.

PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO LTD. Mr. JAMES DODDS (secretary) appealed on behalf of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., against the assessment of their works at £10,902 grass and £7,207 ratable and of the works formerly occupied by Messrs. Smith in Dallam Lane at £276 gross and £232 rateable. He pointed out that the increase in vahi- ation was more than 50 per cent. Under the new valuation made in 1900 the basis of assessment was £2,560 for Bewsey, and £2,060 for Dallam, a total of £1,620. Since then they had made certain extensions in regard to whifh they had met the valuer and taking the additional assessments on the basis of the valuation of 1900 it should make a total of £1,761. The new assess- , ment, however, was .£7,207. They did not understand how such figures were arrived at and he asked for an adjournment in order that the matter might be gone into before formally appealing. The CHAIRMAN : You feel that the valuer has rather over-estimated? that he has not allowed sufficient for wear and tear? Mr. DODDS : We are certain of that and there are • reasons which we can put before you which will prove that we are not in beneficial occupation of a large part of the works for which we are assessed. In answer to the Chairman, Mr. WooneOCK said the works occupied 23 acres.

MESSRS. RYLANDS BROS. LTD. Mr. THOMAS LESI.IE Invia is similar propo3ition on behalf of Messrs. Ryland s Bros. Ltd., whose new assess- ment was £4,401 gross and £3,325 rateable(Church-street) and £5,363 gross,and £3,925 rateable (Dalton Bank).He said tho increase was over 100 per cent. The last valua- tion was made in 1930, and since then there had been certain additions. The total of the old valuation was £3,170 10s. and the new one was £7,259. The works, he admitted were fully occupied. . _

Mr. W6ODCOCK said par'i, of the Dalton Bink premises had not been assessed by the overseers, and ho supposed that would flow be included in the assessment, and would account for some of the increase.

It was decided to adjourn both cases .for conferences. between the valuer and the firms.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The best thing at the Palace and Hippodrome this, week is undoubtedly the clever Kauffman Troupe. These eight lady cyclists are unquestionably the finest expert and trick riders that have ever been seen in Warrington. Indeed it is open to question whether there are any cleverer exponents of skilful cycling before the public at the present time. Not only are these ladies dainty and graceful in all they do, bet their movements when riding together are a marvel of complicated evolutions which take one's breath away in the narrow margin of safety which is left within the limits of We stage. Suffice it to say that the nightly appearance of the Kauffinans has been the signal for most vociferous cheering and manifest enthusiasm, and the " recalls , have been unusually numerous. The Will Douglas . Troupe of Five Jolly Bakers is another conspicuous success, some acrobat feats and contortionist displays. hawing the stamp of novelty and exceeding smartness: writ large upon them. The daring performances of Alfonso Silvan° as an equilibrist are loth marvellous and startling, and hold the audience spellbound. The . feat of delicate balancing during which a mandolino is played is made vastly more difficult when s lighted -paraffin lamp has to be maintained on the head throughout all that is done. - The novel performance of the Mayvilles in the shape of miniature figures upon a miniature stage is highly Meritorious, and takes the audience's fancy immensely.; the mimicry of many well-known public entertainers bearing upon it the impress of great originality if not of actual genius. The Sisters Belvoir and Maud - Beaumont contribute some singing which has the merit of animation and rerre, while the inseparable Selby and Myers greatly amuse the audience with the absolute uniformity of their twin-like movements and dancing broken up, as it is, with smart ancl sparkling patter. Altogether the Palace show of this week is distinctly superior, and well worth a visit. NEXT WEEK'S PROCUZAIIIIE. , Another capital programme is announced for next : week, Tha bill" is topped by Little Carl, eccentric comedian, from the Empire London, and another great attraction will be provided by the Ten Ji Troupe of wonderful Japanese magicians. The TJannons, vocal duettists and champion high pedestal dancers of the world, will appear. Will Lannon is the winner and •: holder of the champion belt and is still willing to ad-side. eThe f who c e any il, a n world, oonm ae directpedesta from the Oxford for£ 50h Oxford and Tivoli,London,will present their comedy a 4,: "The policeman and the maid." Other contributors to the programme will be : —Ridiculous Reeco, burlesque acrobat ; Lieutenant Travis, ventriloquist ; Mdlle Maydee's miniature vaudeville theatre ; Marion Scotts dainty commedienne.

Warrington.—Printed and published by :JOHN WALECEII & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works- Bewsey-street, and published by them at the sal place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Viotoria.roa WIDNES .. 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, IVlarket Street, EentaisTowN; Church-street RUNCORN Ma/ 30th, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080530_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,y ' •

===== 0002601_19080530_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IL I

II

===== 0002601_19080530_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19080530_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I 4 itt • BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STIVIET • TO-MORROW, SHNIDIY, IMAY 31sT. PREACHER: REV. R. E. LETHEREN (Pastor). MORNING 10.45. " Plain living and high thinking." EVENING 6.30. " Wanted—LASTERS." Wednesday neat at 8.15—" The man that lapped." 9 3 1 ,

A STATEILENT OF YAM £BOO DEBT ON CEURCEI HALL, BURTONWOOD. NO BREWERS DOLLANS ! NO 13AZIA1I3 I NO 'MINT DRIVE 3 I A. M. MITCHELL, May 28th. 1903. for Joint Treasurers.

WARRINGTON BAND OF HoPE UNION.— In connection with the General Committee Meeting or the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union which swill be held in BOLD STREET SCHOOLS TO-DAY (SATURDAY), May 30th, OPEN-AIR MEETINGS WILL BF. Din]) :- 1. At BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON, or If the weather be unfavourable in BOLD STREET SCHOOLS. To be addressed by MR. E. J. GUEST. J.P., Chairman ; COUNCILLOR If. HALLSWORTH (Scales). MR. W. J. LEWIS (weaste), MR. ALEX THOMSON (U.K.A), tcc. 2. At BRWSEY ST., WARRINGTON. To be addressed ~13v RRV.J. F. MATTHEWS, (Chairman); MR. W. DAVITCS, 43.W.5. Sons of Temperance; MR. T. H. GARSIDE '(Salford). MR. IL 41• PUTT (Manchester), tec. At each of these resolutions in support of the Licensing SIR will be submitted.

ROYAL COURT THEATRS, WARRINGTON. MONDAY 191tXT, JUNE IIT, & DURING THE WEEK. LINGFORD CASSON'S COMPANY, IN THE STRIKINGLY ORIGINAL PLAY "THE POWER OF THE CROSS." BY GEORGE A. Dzankr. TIME AND PRICES AS USUAL. Seats Booked at the iheatre from 11 to 1 daily, and from to 9 p.m.

THE WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER. FOLLOW THE CROWDS. wITH 100 NEW ATTRACTIONS. WHITS CITY MILITARY HAND. PILIPINO NATIVE VILLAGE, with Its Barbarian Feast and Dances. SEE HARE DEVIL" WATSON'S THRILLING RIDE IN A SOMERSAULTING MOTOR. MILLICAN'S NEGRO PLANTATION SHOW. SCFNIC RAILWAY, a Mile Long. LIVE ALLIGATOR FARM. ENGLAND'S HIGHEST & FASTEST WATER CHUTE. CONTINUOUS CONCERTS and DANCING. IMPROVED TEA GARDEN. 50.000 ELECTRIC LIGHTS MAKE THE WHITE CITY AS LIGHT AS DAY. TEN HOURS OF FUN AND RECREATION. OPEN FROM 1 To 11 r.m. ADMISSION 6n.

I PARR HAIL, WARRINGTON. GRAND TRADES EXHIBITION. TUESDAY NEXT, JUNE 2ND TO FRIDAY, JUNE 12TH, LADIES ORCHESTRA AND CONCERT PARTY. SAMPLING AND TASTING STALLS. COOKERY DEMONSTRATIONS tz miss TOMLINSON, Firet-ele,se Diplome3 GRAND ILLUMINATED FAIRY FOUNTAIN OPEN DAILY Facm 2 TO 5 AND PROM 6-30 TO 10. 4PIERNOOES FREE, EVENINGS BY PROGRAMME, ID.

TRADES EXHIBITION. t•A RR HALL, WARRINGTON, JUNB 2ND To 12Tu. VISITORS TO THB ABOVE ARE INVITED TO INSPECT THE SPECIALITIES IN TOILET SOAPS &.c. EXHIBITED Is! PRICE'S PATENT CANDLE CO., LTD., LONDON, LIVERPOOL, AND MANCHESTER. 81 HONOURS AND AWARDS.

NORTHERN CIRCUIT SUMMER ASSIZES, Ms. LANCASTER. p;rlle Commissions for holding these Assizes will be gelled at LANCASTER, on THURSDAY, the 25th .418. The Cr art will sit on FRIDAY, the 26th June, at 11 o'cloe ." MANCHESTER. Commissions for holding these Assizes will be reed at MANCHESTER, on TUESDAY, the 30th nee. " • l'he Court will sit on WEDNESDAY, the Ist July. ttt 11 , ..rh 0 clock a.m. e Regulations for conducting the Criminal Business be Published in due time. LIVERPOOL. .„ the Commissions for holding these Assizes will be 7„,ned at LIVERPOOL, on THURSDAY, the lath July. Court will sit on FRIDAY, the 17th July, at clock a.m. gil`l.lo Regulations for conducting the Criminal .!'ness will be published in due time. 41)1711 Business and Bail Cases will be taken at the , "e Assizes. Ofa HERBERT STEPHEN, ce of Clerk of Assize, Preston. Clerk of Assize. ?"th May, loos. 45: —lt is particularly requested that alliDepositions, fnusitions, and Recognizances may be immediately surwarded to me at Preston. ,

pALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARR`NOTON. Managing Direetor.- - - MR. FR.I.NK MICXIGUTEN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, JUNIt Ise, 1938. LITTLE CARL ECCENTRIC COMIIDIAN, from The Empire, London, RIDICULOUS REM), Burlesque Acrobat. TI-11l LANNONS. Vocal duettists and cha-nplon high-pedestal dancers of the World. *RAYMOND'S BM-TABLEAUX. LIEUT. TRAVIS, Vent-iloquist. MOUE. HAYDER'S Miniatere Vaudeville Theatre. MARION scum D duty Oomedienn*. TEN JI TROUPE WONDERFUL JAPANESE MARICIAN3. Gallery, 3d. ; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d. ; Early Door, 9d. Circe, is.; Early Door, Is. 3d.

4' 6 MAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. !MEMEL MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 24. ed., 39., 49, 6n., LITD_Es. 8n J. G. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL, Made And Ground By 13ng1ieh Labour. Local Agent: J. Hnoworan, Market Hall. Warrlngto n

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES. CHEAPEST AND BEST. ANALYSIS GUARANTEED, PRICES AND PARTICULARS, JAMES TOOLE & SONS, LTD, LONGFORD WORKS, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON & DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCISTY. PREIIDENT :—SIB OILBNItT OREI3IALL, SITU. 19TH ANNUAL SHOW To BE HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEVI WARRINGTON, ON THURSDAY, 13TH AUGUST, 1905. PRIM, CUP 3 AND MIIDXL3 VALUE £70,?.. JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES, nunraas, CATTLE, &c., Ac LAST DAY OF ENTRIES SATUPDAY, AUSUST Faun LIST, &do MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE SECRETARY, H. BERBSFORD MELVILLE, Bstate Moe, Bold st., Warrington.

TRIPS TO PARIS, Ecotland, Switzerland, dm, peramally canduated by l'Eux MILLS, 153 X, Lee et., Oldham. Stamp.

•lANADA.-NOW IS THE TIME TO EMIGRATE. J Smooth voyve. Warm welcome. Good wages. Strong demand for Far.o. Rands, Domestic Servants, and Men for railway construction. Information and advice gladly g an by LEONARD BENNETT, 8, King-street, Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2J- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OP ) nom HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 nom 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

rrHE t,OI3PORATION OF WARRINGTON IS -L PREPAIIIID to RanElVa LOANS, either at Blx months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boaoutat TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.O. ;21 PER ORNI. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PIM CENT. INTBRBST on Drawing Accounts with Oheq.se Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, 'FITE( Fum. Pl.nucindats. POST FUEL C. F. RAVIIIibOHOFT, SvcßEreay

NEW BRIUHTON TOWER SEASON IiOW OPEN. ATHLETIC GROUNDS, 3.30 AND 8.30 P.M. DAILY. CUMMINS-BROWN WILD WEST & INDIAN CONGRESS. INDIANS, COWBOYS, MEXIOANS, TRAPPERS, BUCKING HORSES, &O. IN THE THEA 7 RE 2,30 AND 7.30 DAILY, MILLIOAN'3 01113 AT "OLD PLANTATION SHOW." 40 NEGRO FINGERS, DANCERS, COON SHOUTERS, &o. 100 WORLD'S BEST PARK ATTRACTIONS. FREE BAND CONCERTS AFTERNOON AND EVENING. BEAUTIFUL BALLROOM OPEN TO DANCERS ALL DAY. Grandest view in Europe from Top of Tower. Lifts all Day. Open Daily from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. ADMISSION 6D.

GIRLS' SWIMMING CLASSES. LONS GIVEN DAILY AT THE BATHS BY MISS MURIRL BARLOW. FOE '2103318 APPLY TO PROFESEOR G. A. BARLOW, AT THE BITES.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. THE LATE MR. J. T. THORNILEY, A SUBSCRIPTION LIST HAS BEEN OPENED IN AID OF THE WIDOW AND FAMILY. Members and friends desirous of subscribing are requested to send their donations to THOMAS PEMBERTON, Host. TM:USURER. Bewsey Chambers.

NURSES! ! ! INUR6ES!!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CASE, ANY DISTANCE, NIGHT:OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NUISE-3' INSTITUTION, (ESTABLISHED 30 YEARS). HOPE HOUSE, HOPE ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : ''Nurse3," Liverpool

SHORT SEA ROUTE TO HOLLAND BY THE British Royal Mail Route VIA HARWICH AND THE HOOK DAILY. Through Corridor Carriages from and to Warringto a via Lincoln every week-day alongside the steamers at Parkeston Quay, Harwich. CORRIDOR VESTIBULED TRAINS. Dining and Breakfast Cars between Linecin and HarwLh (Parkesten Quay). NBW HAL TUBBING STRAMBR " COPBMIAGRN " Is on the Hook Service. RegistratLn of Baggage from Warrington. Send postcard to W. Pownall, CL B. R., 82, Portland Street, Manchester for descrlptly illustrrted panaphlet (free).

THE SCOTTISH NATIONAL EX lIIBITION MAY TO OCTOBER, 1903, OPENED BY PRINCE ARTHUR OF CONNAUGHT, Is ACKNOWLEDGED A TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS, SCOTLAND HAS NOBLY EESPoNDED TO TIM CALL, LEM SAUGHTON PARK, EDINBURGH, Is DAILY AND 'EMILY THE ANIMATED SCENE OF EAGER INTERESTED , CROWDS FROM EVERY QUARTER, NORTH of Tweed there has never been any ExhNtion which bee evoked such unstinted enthusiasm. Great events are Imminent. The special occasion to which everyone is expectantly looking forward is SCOTLAND'S GREAT NATIONAL PAGEANT, To DE CALEBRATET) SATURDAY, 13TH 31:NE. EDINBURGH and every Scottish Burgh will be historically, allegorically and mythologically symbolised. Nearly 2,000 performers will participate in this splendid spectacle, which will equal any pageant ever yet produced. MUSIC BY BAND AND PIPERS OF THE SBAFORTH HIGHLANDERS. BBSSES 0' Tll' BARN BAND FROM IST JUNE To STIX JUNE. SPECIALLY ATTRACTIVE PROGRAMME OF POPULAR SPORTS INCLUDES : SOUTHBRN HARRIERS, FOOTBALL, INTER- SCHOLASTIC SPORTS,JUNIOR FOOTRALL,GYMNASTIC DISPLAYS, SCHOOL CONTESTS. INTERNATIONAL BAND CONTESTS ON 31rit MAY.

LI VER POOL AND NORTH WALES. DAILY SAILING 3 (Sundays Included), From Prince's Landing Stage, Steamer ST. ELVIRS (LA MAIIGURNITE Sundays). 10-45 a.m., for LLANDUDNO, BEAUHARIS, BANGOR. and MENAI BRIDGE. Due back 7.30 p.m. LA MARGUERITE Sundays commencing 31st Inst., 2.15 p.m. Saturdays-1g tra Sailing, for all parts, For Fares, Contract Rates, Ac.. apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co., Ltd., T. G. Brew, Sec., 4'.), Chapel at., Liverpool. Guide 3d., post free. Through Bookings Daily, from Principal Stations.

CHESHIRE LINES: WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS 1908. DURING THE WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS CHEAP EXCURSION will be Issued from : WARRINGTON (01INTE AL STATION) to DOUGLAS, LLANDUDNO, BANGOR, BEAUMARIS, MENAI BRIDGB, DUBLIN, BELFAST, CORK, LIVERPOOL, NEW BRIGHTON, EASTHAM, SOUTHPORT, KNUTSFORD, NORTHWICH, DELAMERE, ac. SPECIAL EXPRESS TRAINS AND STEAMERi. For fares and full particulars see bills which may be obtained at the Railway Stations. JANES PINION, Manager. Liverpool, May 1908.

LONDON AND NORTH-WRSTICRN RAILWAY. WHITSUNTIDE EXCURiIONS. For the WHITSUNTIOII HOLID4Y3 CHEAP EXCUR- SIONS will be run FROM WARRINGTON <L. & es under : Date.

Blackpool •..Sootiand (all parts) ...... } Liverpool ',....... 'North Wales Coasti 1 Stations }Manchester }Douglas (Isle of Man) i Eastern Counti.s { 1 West of England { }•lreland 'Cheltenham Sz Glances- I I ter {Oxford, Banbury, War- wick, Northampton, Birmingham, Wolveri hamptcn, Shrewsbury, 1 and Cambrian line i Juno 5 ...... ....., ~ .9 wansea (Victoria) June 11 June 11 ... {{Shrewsbury, Church, t Strettou and Ludlow...l June 5. 6, 8 and each week- day during! Dull Whit-week ... j June 6 a 8 Huddersfield, Dewsbury I ..... -I and Leeds The Week-end, Short, and Long Date Tickets, usually Issued on Fridas a and Saturdays will be issued on Friday and Saturday, Jane sth and 6th. For full particulars as to times', fetes, conditions, to., see small bills which may be obtained at the Station. Huston Station, FREDERICK HARRISON, May, 1908, General Manager.

DU BUN, ALSO ESGLISH LAKEe. TEDCASTLB LINE. '' BLACKROCK." " CUMBRIA." " EBLANA," and " ADHLA,'' from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool, Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 104. ; Steerage. 51. with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Bray,Wicklow Avoca, &e„ and on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney,Cark, Bundoran, Warrenpoint, &c. rir Fast S " BLACKROCK " every Tuesday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday and Wednesday from ' SPECIAL ROUND Siin. TRIP, per " Cumbria." Every Saturday, to Whitehtvon, giving 3 days for English Lakes, thence to Dublin, and back. Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon, 20s. Apply TEDCASTLE, rScOORMICK /t CO., LIMITED, Liverpool. Te'ograms, " Tedoastle " Telephone 975.

LANGLANDY HAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PRINCESS LOUISE" OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-29,North Side) Sat. May 30th 10 p.m. Tues. June 2nd 2 p.m. 5.2 S p.m. Thurs. June 4th 1.30 p.m. Sat. June 6th 2 p.m. *ID p.m. Tues. June 9th 6 p.m. Thurs.Junellth 2 p.m.*9.30 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington,Widues ac. Single, Ist Class cud Cabin Ils. 62. ; Single, 3rd Class and, Steerage 61. Return (valid for two months) lit Class and Cabin 18s ; 3r4 Class and Cabin, ii.. Special 14 days Excursion Tickets Cabin 145., Steerage Sr. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STILBET, MANCHESTER, BEOWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL.

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL LIN E.—THR ONLY TURBINE STEAMERS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SEInVIOR FROM LIVERPOOL TO CANADA. UNSURPASSED ACCOMMODATION, LOWEST FIRES. SPECIAL THROUGH RATES TO WESTERN STATES. Also Direct Services from LONDON and GLASGOW. Handbooks, Maps, and all Information FREE. Apply ALLANS, 19, James street, Liverpool ; 103 Leadenhall Street, 8.0., and 5, Pall Mall, S.W., London; 5. Bothwell Street, Glasgow ; or Loom 1 Agents.

DArn, MIILBA, CAriUSO, KUBEI4IK, LAUDER ETC., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. All you require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. EVERY 1111`2011D and every type of GRAMOPHONE, ZONOPHONE,and THOMAS EDISON MACHINE in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, ?NAND 78, RENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK RD., LIVERPOOL. Tel, b6X and 431 X Royal. SEND FOR LISTS POST FREE.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THICHBST AND CHBAPBST EVER OFFIMBO TO TUB PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISI'S IN CA3ISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., ZACII WIIOLEBALE HT J. GEDDES & SON, LTD„ WARRINGTON.

summEß Goons. NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Ws MODGKINSON Limited, Bridge Street, Warrington.2

ATKINSONS' CAFES LTD., BRIDGE ST. AND GOLBORNE ST., WARRINGTON. ALL CONFECTIONERY SOLD AT OUR CAFES WILL BE SUPPLIED BY MESSRS. KIRKLAND BROS., THE WELL-KNOWN CONFECTIONERS, OF LIVERPOOL, • for whom we have been appointed Sole Agents. • - . . FRESH SUPPLIES DAILY. TELEPHONE 19. ALL ORDERS FOR TOWN AND COUN TRY PBOMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

PIONEED FURNISHING CA STORES, Bold Street, Liverpool. , LOWEST PRICES IN THE KINGDOM. For CASH, or on EASY HIRE TERMS. CAelogue and Terms FREE.

SAVE THE MIDDLEMAN'S PROFIT. " Since branching out in the wholesale I have found it possible through buying in such huge quantities to sell my goods in many cases at a reduotion of 40 per cent, on usual prices. This should be of interest to you as " Money saved is money earned." NOTE SOME OF THE BARGAINS. LADIES' SOLID GOLD GUARD, stamped, new BOY'S OXYDIZED WATCH.. Splendid timekeeper and fashionable design. Usual Price 425. My price Goes full day with once winding, 3s. sd. 265. Gd. RELIABLE ALARI CLOCK. Good loud bell. SOLID GOLD NECKLET AND LOCKET, stamped, Marvellous value, 2s. 3d. Strong Gold Necklet with Locket to open and take two 8 DAY KITCHEN CLOCK. Strikes on gong. Quite Photos. Marvellous valfie. Usual Price 20s. My price 10s. 6d. new design. Usual Price 30s. My price 17s. Gd. GOLD CURB BANGLE with Padlock and Safety SILVER-PLATED TEAPOT, Sheffield make. Chain. Hall-Marked. Usual Price 40s. My price 255. Guaranteed to wear white throughout. Usual Price IGLADIES' reliable WATCH in Solid Gold Government 12s. Gd. My price 7s. 6d. Hall-Marked case. Gold or Opaline Dial. Perfect 1 BOTTLE CRUET, Plated on Nickel Silver. Choice timekeepers. Usual Price £2 2s. My price 255. Design. Cut Glass Stoppers. Usual Price 10s. Gd. My GENTS' Solid Silver LEVER WATCH. Carefully price 6s. Gd. timed and regulated. Compensation Balance. Usual SUGAR DREDGER, Ruby Glass, Silver-Plated top. Price 255. My price 15s. Usual Price 3s. Gd. My price is. Gid. Large selection Jelly Dishes,BUtter Dishes,Honey Jars, Jam Spoons, Butter Knives, Pickle Forks, Cake Knives, Sugar Tongs, Nutcracks, Silver and Rolled-Gold Brooches, Braclets, Alberts, &a., Ac., to be cleared at is. each. SEE WINDOWS FOR FURTHER BARGAINS. CARTERS WHOLBSALI3I JEIWELLER3 & WATCHMA KURS, 29, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

SECOND-HAND PIANOS ON SALE. A FEW GOOD INSTRUMENTS FROM „a, SPECIAL IRON-FRAME PIANO, 20 GUINEAS. WONDERFUL VALUE. INSTRUMENTS TUNED, REPAIRED AND EXCHANGED. H. H. PEARSON WARRING-TON. THLEPHON/1 501.

150 WILDERSPOOL RD. J. B. WARREN, Warrington. Telephone 54, WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MERCHANT. COAL LIME, BRICKS, FIRE-CLAY, GOODS, DRAIN PIPES, CEMENT, PLASTER, SHARP SAND AND CLAY. Agent for the ACCRINGTON BRICK & TILE CO., SKELSEYS' ADAMANT CEMENT, ENQUIRIES INVITED.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TRADESMEN. 40.42ia.13E.4 /E2117M/Ea.4Clir Begs to annonnce that he has commenced business as Window Ticket & Showcard Writer Tit S KING STREET, Warrington. TRIAL ORDER SOLICITED. POST ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

NO BETTER VALUE or SMARTER GOODS can be produced in either LIVERPOOL or MANeHESTER. . THE MI C. 0. CLOTHING HAS BEEN WELL TRIED AND STANDS ALL TESTS. 8 and io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

, - . 4 ' - a' • '' "a : CYCL: ''.. • Ito, 'l4,f• NO REPAIRS IN '-tlis. j -* 4,4,- i 1\4.. '''' ,-;,4* 74•AzliV I .N. ‘74.4-:M.."--.7-4...-4A - : •lr' ELEVEN YEARS.” -10 t S .::: t , ‘ ..''' 4.40e10irk..,- M. ROWLAND A. LowE, of Trafford, - P- , ''f&l' T'r''' Dudley Road, Tipton, writes:— ^k:- i "My father has been riding his Humber Cycle !, ' C' ''''';.„,7i ,,t,:-;,-,s, for eleven years. My sister and I have been ' . riding ours for nine years. I might say that , • : ',,,„,-- ..,I';`,4 there have been no repairs done to any of '.. i , , 1\ .1 -A the machines since we have had them. / , Al 11----r'',',' ' PRICES FROM £sss. " 8 ''' 'A Or 6/3 per month. Sad for Catalogue to . L 1 e. C I, 1 - . 1 •.• 11 -'::. •,-:- 1."- 1 lill'l'' --- ' BELLLIAN & DAVIE ~. it-, - V ~,..,.. SANKEY STREET:, WARRINGTON. - .i -. • ', . --.1-k

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE Co. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,C00,000 CLAIMS PAIL) E. 6,400,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDO A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. .1. HOLMES, Bridge St Mr. W.H. RIGB/IY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latahfor. St Helens Mr.J. 13. LEACH, Hardshaw-strett Haydock.. a ndbach Mr. F. 3. FINLOW, Rookery Bridg

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENEIIAL SMITH, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL MPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINEJ SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEsI Y STREET, WARRINGTON.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—Bt ST PRIOR for parcels forwarded ; If not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGRPAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, MEAT RIOAD BAND UNIFORMS, LIVIDOES, ARMY THNTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRIOR. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUSES. MINT'S FUR-LINRD and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTRAUS. Ao., 2nd-hand. Very low price. ARMY TROUSBRS,SHIRTS.BLUON lIR3,WIILLI SG roNs. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, FOLIOS °APRS, GORMAN'S. 328, 328, and 340, Deansgate, Mancnester. Established 50 Years. TelepLore No 413

ESTABLISHED 1333. MFS 1 HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, 11XAMINI111 " OFFICH. 33 334011CFLT STREET, EARLBSTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

YOUR PIANO Is probably an old instrument and now out of date. Why not exchange it for a new up-to- date instrument embodying all the latest improvements, say one of (Jur REGENT PIANOS at 24 GUINEAS or 10/6 MONTHLY. This instrument is most carefully planned and satisfies all reasonable requirements in tone, touch and design. We will allow you full present value for your old Piano. Think it over and write us. RICHMONDJONES&SONS TIIE PIANO STORES 11-13, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL. " 'Neath the shadow of St. Luke's," Telephone 23131 Royal.

NOW READY. THE JUNE & SUMMER NUMBER OP THE PHOTOGRAPHIC MONTHLY, Containing many extra pages describing 1l the new apparatus of this season. Interest- ing and well illustrated articles by Mrs. Carine Cadby, .1. Peat Millar, Geoffrey E. Peachey, and others. PRICE 3D. POST FREE sn. DIWBARN S.: WARD, LIMITED. e, FARRINGDON AVENUE, LONDON, B.C.

LIKE A STII3, IN THE U. _is the pain of kidney disease. But that is only one symptom— ~.., ditik, 4, Arzi4 q ,IFw-,/ other symptoms are : JP; • .-.4N ?-'l4^„. Stiffness of the Muscles and Joir.ts, Pains in the Loins and Sides, 4w...4*,-Cr:- 01.-c,et;L.' / Rheumatism, 44"':1::- • / "E,„? J Lumbago. Picture Sciatica, :?i:::.:.'" *.'`. - Tells a Story." / L._ ( • I:F..'

Doan's Backache Kidney Pills heal the kidneys and help them to filter from the blood the uric THE GENLIINE acid and the impurities which 1 cause disease. They are a ..,,,,, serious medicine for serious '..,., ,:r 'P...1.--"A‘ ? diseases and are recom- :II ' ;•,,. DONI:9 tq?kr, mended every week in these i it;* ,„: '.: . ._., Ba. CIO Ch ei sk . columns by local 'people i.,,„?., ..% •' v •d•,..„,ti r who have been cured. We .:;:.1 .'' ' Ira ^Sif%L., ....--y..^ give another local experi- w-t.,4 * pilisc • .4-4 _ ence to -day. Itik ‘qPJFF.ra, \stol \ mtwoyi • 'Ay k \ • - . 3* \\\\Vehi/sikir,‘`Cak/aL,Amirs . . , 4 / .

THINGS WORTH KNOWING. Bataßrasr TABLE BAROMETEE. f °UP of hot coffee is an unfailing barometer, YOU allow a lump .of sugar to drop to the ot the oup and watch the air bubbles without disturbing the coffee. If the 14),elibles collect in the middle the weather will r• fine; if they adhere to the cup, forming a bin& it will either rain or snow; and if the 11'4es separate without assuming any fixed Position, chanzeable weather may be expected. ZLEP&A-11-T POWER. many men would be needed to pull a „..f4glit healed by an elephant? Fifty. The n,a-er is the result of recent investigations —4ne to determine the respective pulling power tf horses num, and elephants. Two hordes, 've-iBiting 1,6001 b. each, together pulled 3,7501 b., or 0„ "0113. more than their combined weight. a:74.'.'„ elephant, weighing 12,000113., pulled or 3,2501 b. less then his weight. Fifty Pd aggregating about 7,5001 b. in weight, 8,7601 b., or just as much as .the single th-"ant But, like the horses, they pulled more their own weight. One hundred men Plated lc, 000 r A N„ LIFE FLOAT. ships, besides carrying lifeboats, which ft great deal of valuable room', also various forms of life-rafts or floats. iii7Qugh lifeboats are far preferable to rafts 'witeslls of shiliwreck, yet the latter are not o.t their advantages. They do not require - Particular care in launching, but may be 13,i117 thrown over the side of the vessel. i 311; nf the newest forms of these rafts is seen in tier dlustration. It resembles a hugh life pre- being constructed with a flotation

• • er , 4N. r, -

HUGE LITE PRESERVER. 13'111(1er—divided into air-tight chambers- - frPti.l4,,,il?g an oval ring. A slatted wooden plat- IS suspended three feet below the cylinder lleans of a rope netting. To protect the it is covered with a layer of C 0 Mp reuf TtS S dr 1 two inches thick. This serve, as a t :hc.iit„the copper tube, and also adds to the liviili,Janey of the raft. This is then covered waterproof cloth, over which heavy canvas tizN7Ql-Ind. The platform or -floor is of such a e that it will fall through the ring, so that ..vielatter how the float touches the water it zsta„always be right side up. The occupants 110a-t',oll the platform within the ring. Each the fitted with oars and painter lashed to eYlind.r. • 1:0, 411 WEB Romts. 'fur SPider-web factory is said to be in success- ' 'll,s°Peration at Chalais-Meudon, near Paris. .11s4e.c1N"b is need for spinning into ropes to be 'slight for the purpose of giving an extremely e •ti rnPe for balloons for the krench aeronau- vsalv'ifary operations. The spiders are ar- Ilren%b groups of twelve each above the reel the +breads are wound. . They ere

i,

. .e-Agrmsagssmarl -•-, : • EADAcHE Headache and Constipation generally go together, for the simple reason And CONSTIPATION that the one is the natural outcome of the other. Constipation fills your blood with impurities which obstruct MOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP the circulation, poison your system, CURES INDIGESTION, BILIOUS- and that is why you have headache. NESS, CONSTIPATION, HEADACHE, MOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP removes WIND, PALPITATION, LOSS OP the cause and so restores health. APPETITE, DIZZINESS. . MOTHER ARE - CURED • BY ‘,,k ' 1'- 4 , SY 7Ri U 13,

iDirect from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. Ll?'.• ON'S Tf74 .....4AI LARGEST SALE 1 , IN THE WORLD.? 'Local Brancll :—WARRINGTOB, BRIDGE STI

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanae the Ellwd from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In ' cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, \ GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES. BLOOD POISON, BOILS. A PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its eficets I are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember thnl this r%ohderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTIA CURE ALL SHIN & sLcoci DISEASES I Of all Chemists and Stores, 2:9 per riottle. BEIVI,U OF IMITATIONS.

MPROVE your position.—Learn to write smart business hand. PEna and full instructions, post, I.s.—Errus, 4, Chesterfield Gardens, Ilarriopy. London.

IVOTTINGHAM. LA.CR. monstre parcel ot Wen- /.11 efennes, Torchons, Lace and Insertion, for le. or 2e., carriage paid—L. TAYLOR. 9 Wentworth rd., Sherwcoi, Nottingham.

HOULD not the Revised Version of the Scriptures be 1.7 Further Revised ? A popular Tract by the Rev. W. J. Heaton, V.R.H.1., Author of ' Our Own English Bible. All booksellers, 61.

QIILF-POLIBHING HARNESS BLACKING, no labour, no tJ brushing, softens leather ; gallon 4. d, large tin ls., carriage paid.-17sicoms ELACRING Co., 87, Higher Ormond at.. Manchester,

FFlMl.—Write to-day for bass of choice selected Fish, cleansed for conking, carriage paid to your door, 21. or 2s. Bd. upwarde.—From EUREKA. FISH SUPPLY Co., Fish Docks, Grimsby.

1 D. BAZAARS supplied with special lines ; Srnallwaree, 1 Haberdashery, Hardware, Toys, Bs. and Be. 6d. Assorted gross as sample.-7. APPELBAUM Co., 46, Dantric et., Manchester. FOUR-BOTTLIS Dinner Cruet, well plated 2s. ; also the famous Stag BreaVast Cruet, 31. post paid. Marvellous value.—Stinr, FOGG, & Co., 26 Afghan rd., Clapham Junction, London. S.W.

I LOUSE, SKIRTS.—Two pretty Blouse lengths, one _V Tweed Shirt length, all colours, newest paper pattern with each, poet tree. sa. 6d.—M. A. SMITH St BON. 121 Bider- field rd., Clapton, London.

"NCI URES POSTCARDS.—Travelier's Bamn'es. Bend for ommrl‘ packet, 20 for 6d., poet free. Beautiful Cards. All different. No cheap rubbish.—REl CARD Co., 28, Bayswater Terrace, Halifax.

IF 0 let on charter, 6Olt. Steam Yaebt, accommodation for 6, ' fast.' Also railing yacht with Mawl net and gear, In tell commission, gocd cabin.—l. A. CLAYTON, Undercliffe, Cae Coch, fangor, N. Wales.

1-113FFIELD MITLERY.—No Traveller.! No Agent.! kj Flay direct. lvorine-handle Table and Dessert Knives, Ed. and 4s. half dozen. If aceptional value.-7. IDnirr Co., 14, Wocdhead rd., Sheffield.

fIOSTER BARROWS, London style, carry 5 cwt., 505.; V Tradesmen's trucks, carry 4 cwt., 1C..: Pony barrows, several secondhand. all sizes and prlees.—MARTIN, Barrow and Truck Builder, 7 Enfield rd., London, N.

130 X VAN.-8 ft. by 4 ft. 6 In., 6 ft. high. weight 9 cwt. half-round top, suitable for Auctioneer, Speaker, Artist or Photographer, or any light business. Practically new.— J. A. R., 47 Orient st., West Snare, London, S.E.

DIANOFORTR.—Genuine Collard and Collard Beautiful solid Rosewood Case ; originally cost 45 guineas ; ivory keys, splendid tone end touch; roust sacrifice £9 101.— SHAW. 102, Fentham rd., Blrchfield, Birmingham.

'rocALT," How to suoeeed in the profession." V Valuable book by Louis Cottell, Voice Specialist, 23rd edition. Complete With useful daily vocal exercises, post free 10 etatops.--NEw Music Co., 85,5 t. ra.,London,N,

ACOMPLETE( Eet of stud. and Sleeve Links, eased with 22 carat-gold, for le. P.O. ; English, guaranteed; bank- rupt alcek ; money returned If unsatisfsetorv.—BOUTH En urea JEWELLERY Co.; Charminster rd., Bournemouth.

------- HUNDREDS of Picture-Postcards for 2s. If you remit P.O. to-d ay, we indicate you 30 collectors abroad, and send your name to 500 others desirous to exchange Souvenir Cards.—l. POSTCARD EXCHANGF, 1, Epereholt rd.,London, N.

, A VALUABLB Patented Bahibttion Advertising Device 11. for ale. Splendid device for those pushing-the sale of new articles on the market. For full particulars apply THE UNIVERSAL PATENTS BUREAU, LTD., 20 Copthall Avenue, London, LC.

ILFOUR FUTURE known; wocierful disooveries fn Astrology ; I can tell your fature in Business, Love, Speculations, /sc. ; 'aril birth date, P.O. Is. awl stamp ; money returned it reading incorrect.—NkWrox VERITY, 4, Duke it., Adelpbi, London, W.C.

-EllO5l REIMS you will receive prepaid postcards (list 1 monuments, etc.) with form greeting French or English. Send British Money Order le. per five cards wanted to torox JANvIER, Oinquex par Reims, Marne, France. Always satisfied.

TO PREMIUM BOND INVSSTORS. A DVERTISEE will give experienced and distinterested rt. advice on questions concerning this class of security,. Half a crown expended on independent advile may save and make you many pounds.—Apply, enclosing 2s. 6d , P.O. to G. HOBERTP, 4, Dysart rd., Green Point, South Africa.

RBETINGS from Germany.—Do you want a really 1.1. beautiful collection of coloured pictorial postcards of Berlin and the most Interesting parts of Germany ? I will tend you 5 for is., or 10 for ls. 6d. only ; Postal Order or stamps accepted ; each card stamped and directed to any address in the world; utmost satisfaction guaranteed.—Psur, EBERHARDT, 3, Annenstr, Ilsrlin. Germany.

RICIER AGHSTS. to ride, exhibit sample cycle, and take orders ; large profits made without interfering ordinary employment. —Write particulars, Et D ,Cycras Co., Agency Dept., 658 X, Liverpool.

GOVERN MINT SITUATIONS.--tlxciae Customs, Postal, both sexes, age 14-21 Capital poets, candidates pre- pared by correepondence.—Write for prospectus (give age), PRINCIPAL, 45 ()layering rd., Manor Park, London.

A(3I3NTS, Male or Female, Wanted, whole or part time, for new, qtfick-selltng Scientific Loy. Great bourne of amusement. Good money maker. No ccoapefltion. Stamped envelope for particulars.—A. CLARKE, 23, Cock Lane,London.

COAL BUdINI3B3 WANDID by Advertiser who has just returned from till Colonies ; would prefer one with office on the railway siding, though rot so particular if other- wise sound paying concern.—Address CD, Daily Post" Office, Liverpool.

()LD FALSE TEETH —We give highest possible prices for above. Offers made. If unaccepted, teeth returned Dealers In Old Gold or bilver in any form ; bankers' refer- ences ; straightforward dealing.—WooLFALL AND COMPANY, Birkdale, Southport.

AIILK BUSINBSS ANTND.—Advertiser wants to purchase paying concern in decent district. Not particular to aloe. Will pay reasonable commission to anyone introdectng suitable bush:Lem—Address Box 93, WHEELER'S ADVERTISING OFFICE, lINGCUSIET.

-UNA GREER i KN &OILERS I I KNACKERS !I I Pest 1. pasible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt re-noval on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles—JsmEa TOOLE AND SONS LTD., Manure Mann. facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299

AMBITIOUS YOUNG PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES, wishing to GET EMPLOYMENT in LONDON, Weeps send NAME and ADDRESS, with stamped envelope for reply, to the KENDAL 13UREAU, 24 Trigon rd., south Lambetb, London, S.W.

3 JANOS ON SALI3 RETURNED FROSI HIRE. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case, by Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Cate, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beuitiful Walnut Case, by William Eames. INTENDIVG BUYERS SHOULD NOT MISS THESE BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTED BY SELVE3 AND HA.KBER. NOTE ADDR.I3I3 : WADSWORTH'S, 69, BANKRY ST... WARRINGTON.

GRRAT RBMRDY, USRD BY ROYALTY !—lf yoi LVI stiffer from fireuraigia, Henaches, Rheumatism, or Heart Trouble, write me at once. You will NEVER regret t.—PAIBTREE, 79. Vietorit et., St. Alban's.

STEBILEI MARRIAGR.—Its Causes and Curative Treaty malt. Br a late senior Physician to a Hospital for Women. A New Edition. Just published Post free, 31. W.—SHELLEY ft CO.. LTD.. 33. Citaeeahureb, at. London

ABSOLUTELY ASTOUNDING. --Soar's Egyptian Corn Cure has never failed once In two years ; cures the hardest corns like magic : turns cripples into sprightly walkers ; enough for a family sent for 15.—Tgoaus EOAR, Leabrooks. Alfreton.

STAMMERING. -- AN IMPEDIMENT SPECIALIST will be glad to send particulars of his system to the afflicted on reoeipt ot stamped envelope.—Apply, HERBERT DIXON, ACOCR'S GREEN, BIRMINGHAM. .

IIIEL AND. —" Sun elline House," Wlaltehead. PRIVATE HOTEL, beautifully situated own grounds, close to Bea, Golf, boating and fishing. Blackhead with Its towering peaks, caves, and winding paths admin. The scenery is charming and an Ideal spot for a holiday rest. Terms on applicatioa to Mrs. WYLIE.

y LANOUDNO.—" Etrathmore " lIDARDINa &STAB- LISHMENT, Mostyn-avenue ; south aspect one minute from Promenade ; newly furnished ; public and private roorne ; moderate terms on application. —A. EMERY', Proprietress.

LANEROHCORDLAN SULPHUR WELLS. Erwool, 1J 11.9.0. Breconshire, Farm House Residence. Exquisite Glen Scenery and Falls. Excellent trout Flab Mg. Ns. weekly.—Apply PROPRIETOR.

LONDON, WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS MAMBO. 34 TO 40 LIIOGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & Ti, HUSTON EQUARIL ROME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET! CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

, SOUTH FORT HAYES'S RESTACR kINT (KEPI' BY OLD WARRINGTOT PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STRE ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIEF, PIC,UC3 TESTEWDNILLS FEW ILmoir EVERY TOWN IN LANCLEMIRE. Telephone 0455. THE OLDEST I.I3TATILT9IIED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

A BERM VVYTH.=Comfortable APART litiTS,moderate .13. tering, healthy situation Minutes walk to sea promenade and CBstie.--JOSTE9, Myrddin House, Custom- house et.

AA NNAN, N.B. (near,)—APARTNIHNTS (superior) ;all modern conveniences ; sea bathing, golf, fishing ; close to rail, post, telegraph.— Ken, 8, Queansbury Terrace. Oummertrees, or. Annan, N.B.

BLACKPOOL.-9.PARTIVIRNT3 with or without board. Private room. Also combined room. ~„Terrn! moderate. One minute Talbot rd. Station.—Mrs. ETLWOOD, 5, Upper Queen it.

BLACKPOOL, South Shore.—Publie and Private APART- HENN ; home eamtorts ; one minnte to pier and station ; board optionaI.—LITTLEMORE, Kingsley House, 39. Station rd.

BBLACIRPOOL,—APARTMSNT9," Tpublls and private. Central. le. eaeb. 2e. bed. Bed-board 4e. to ss. Horne comforts,—Mrs. DANIELS, 2, Sheppard et., off Adelaide et.

B L A CK P O O L . —M r . WHontsP, Healey House, 19,Vance rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, with or withont board ; reasonable charges ; three minutes from Central Station and sea ; piano.

CARRO6.—APAIIT3II3NTS, Five bedrooms, 3 sitting- rooms ; 5 minutes from station ; river fishing ; beautiful scenery ; farm produce.—Mrs. ROBERTS. Dewls Dycllyn, Carrog, near Corwen.

yORBYSHIRW—Superior Furnishel APART \UM r 3, for If Lady and gentleman ; braeing air ; beantiful Bonen, ; me mile from station ; within five minutes walk of Wingfield Manor ruins ; fishing, &c., Mrs. G, M. Oupir, Manor Cottage, South Wingfield, Derbyshire.

VARISIROUSE.—Firat-clasa APARTMENTS ; 10 nilnatea atation, 15 Lea shore ; Derby Haven. golf links. ForS Island ; terms moderate.—?3lrl. UEaRRD, Ballablek Farm, Ballasalla.

IpartmentO, larni4bal ilotlsts, &t

JAK Com R DISTRUIr. berlawl.-900l Tenraighel alttacte, 7 se.3n APAKCAR TB. hlatinT, filhiwr. Rent low. znrden nroltm is WALKER, treiale I,l,tee, Loweswater. Cockerwrath.

TFlynhoni4 ; SITU:VI-WV) vf, .1 kitchen, plntry, two beirorns.—lnateg, Penyta4w3cl Farm, Pentrellwr„ I • °MOON, W.W., 40 11111:1ron Orescent,C4-n len rd, Sitting, .4 two belroo,n3. enperior nrivatc higle ; h 03 I cooking ani attanl Ince, r.icc neigh mrholi, Oentcli,

'TRW TlRTGHTON.—llan.isome Sunny Sstelt APART- MENTS. Mellthiest Situation. Near Tower, Smis, Pierrnts ; (103 amusements.) Moterate.--t• HELTEIERDEKE," 72, Rowena et. (ASTRED.--Furnished Anartmentq, with or without blari, central situ Won, near the set. every ern! trt, terns very moderate.—ElLLk BELLP: Enel,93 Rue Wiphro3lne B sernaert

D 111/L.—Supßitnr APARTISTINT3 or Fur he (&v- June) ; 2 Sitting, 4 Beirioms ;h. nni a. cooker ; minute from sea; terra na3ler3te.—HacrrE3, 5 Palace-avenue.

QOUTTIPORT.—Very OM-established Plumber's, Painter's and Decorator'a Buainess for Dispo3al, with good con- nection ; evervthine £230, or valuation ; rent £35.—R. WADDINGTON, 214, Sussex rd., Southport.

VISIT the Old-fanhionsci (Private) BL KAC & WRITEI HOUSR, CROFT, near Warrinyton. Picnic and Schaal Parties catered for ; large field attacbei foNgarnes ; stabling. —Apply W. RIDDICA.

WIDOW Lady seeks elderly gentleman as permsnelt Boarder ; select heighbourboot near eel ; no family, or other boarders ; references exchanged.— Addreis Hrs. DYER, Victoria rd., Shoreham, Sussex.

1131 t SALE.—Hawlthurst district, irrigable sheltered valley, 78 acres, Mansion, lake, woods, extensive solid farm buildings, two covered yards. House southern aspect, 20 rooms, in perfect repair, well decoratesl ; walled kitchen garden, stables, coach-houses, motor house. Worth inspec- tion for residential or institutional purposes, or for new systems of cultivation.--.PBOPRIXTOR, Downash, Flimwell, Havvithuref, , Kent.

(AN SALR splendid (10VIIRNSS4 CAR in Leather Witirrit A / and Asti, Bilverel. Cost £25 two years ago. Been little mei. Will take 213.—Apply 12) HtB3DII RD., lielsoo , Lancashire.

FUNBRAL reducerl pricer, easy terms. Washington Cars, Hearses from £5l, Coaches £3O, Laniaus £lO, Brakes, Charabanos, Oahe, £25. Catabzue9.- IBinsTost, 24, Braitorci st., Birmingham.

YOU Cannot belt the Beg ES 10s. -Our high grade Coventry male Flint Cyclel are beg value ever offered ; cash price ES 10s. Carriage pill: crate free.—Wrlta for partlenlars, BAKER Co., Dept. H., 35, 014 Allesley rd., Coventry.

marvellous sacrifice ; two-speed gear, Clincher kI tyres, magnificent machine, not sollei or scratohei. silver-plated rim., beautifully lined, nand guards, two genuine roller lever Crahbe brakes, plated gas lamp, and all other accessories ; Coventry machine and practically new ; approval willingly, half carriage paid ; private owner ; bargain, lowest, £3 103.-1. BLICKNI)RO, 8, Oxfard at., Weston-mper-Mare.

MOTOR - CAR. 23-33-H.P. ARIL SIMPLRX, in perfect ruanlnz order, latest, improvements, roo-ny tie entrance body, head lights. side lamps, Smith's -speedometer mile' and °look StlArei, Efso , ; open to any expert examination ; price KM, or near oler„ Key of Cloachhouse ssith 1. MAXIM tdossley-hill, Motor Works. Moseley-hill, Liverpool.

COVIIN TRY CIYOLII-31foit marvellous bsrizaiu ever oIT erect Gents's high-grade 1903 Ovate ; absolutelyl as new ; ball bearing, free-wheel, two roller lever rim•brakes. silver-plated rims. pneumatic tyres (not soiled), beautifully enamelled lined and plated, mnlguards, an all acaessaries eampleta each urgently required ; will samifiaa for E 3 12s. 61. worth double: approval before cash seht.—T. lil/BBLID, 3), Alma sr., Weston-luper-Mare.

riYOLL-Marvelions sacrifice. Gent's arewl.9)7 HIRE{ ./ highest grade, fitted with Clincher tyres, et-Oche roller lever front anl back rim brakes, the very latest, Perry's ball-bearing free wheel, plate]. rims °Moored centres, black enamelled and line I frame, mudguards ; magnifioent machine, not lolled ; complete with lz‘s lamp, bell, pump, spanner, etc. ;LI 2s. 6.; great bargain, worth double. Will send on approval any clistlnoe bebre cash eent.--M. HOUSE, St. Madge, Pitman rd., Weston-super-Mare.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSAND OF LADIES HAVE DERIVBD GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,HysteriaMalpitation of the Heart.ilebility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularitie' s and all Female Ailments. Boxes qd.. Is. lid.. Is. 91.45. 6d. and lis. DR. DAVIS'd FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific far Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/8. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON, W. (Only Address).

BY Ot1)11t OC 1111R0UVOR9. HOUSE P3OPHI7Y AN() Gums° IMIN AT WARRINGTON. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Mr. LHONARD BRITNRTI at the Blue B It Inn, liorsemarket-st-eet. Warringtm on Wednescley next, the 3rd day or Jule. 1919, et Five o'cloek in the arterneen prompt, 8113133; tO nen Miens of sale t be then and there produced Le r these Six Me3lllo.Ze3 or nwrznBqq- trnusl3, Nos. 2, 9,6, 8, 10 and 12, We-bu-ten-strret, of Winwick-rovi, Wirringtoe, in the On Inlt'oi of M.. Trenter and other' as tenente, at the gr 311 year'y rent of £l3 lie. The site contains 712 sq,eve yards of Ital. The tenure is leaseh )14 for the usexpire t term of 931 years at a ground rent of £1 11.. ner co-sin. Toge%ber with a right of way dawn the passage enabling this let from the adjaining bet. LOT 2.- ali those Five Me,SITIVS3 or 11,7 6LL190-3I 'Mil 3, Nos. 14. 18, 113, 20 ani 22, Wa^ni-tee-ttreet, n'T Nin road, Warrington, in the ma 'nation of Nr. Potts ant others as tenants, at the groas yearly rent, of £3). The site centains 731 square yards or ice S. I The tenure is leasebell for the unexpired term of 933 years at a ground rent of £1 11s. per anna n. This lot is subjeat to a right of wty over the passage between this property and Let 1. LOT those Six GR1(.771) R 917 yd or Ed 93., £1 7,., £4 10s.. £1 ss. and £3 ner annum,Davab'e by Messrs. William Barton, John 13dwardsoe, L. 13 Fleming, Then to Brans, Thomas Trow and Mrs. S. 111. Lol'relaw, in 8131'1 04,3 well seem-et, and arising out of land end messnages Innate at thecorner of Joilrey-lane,Len3sha.v-street ant slawtherrte- street, Warrington, payable tsr 995 years and upwards, making a total of £33 Hs., subject to plymeat of a head ground rent of £3O per annum. Loa, 4.-301 those RiTht GROTTID 'IIT3 of £5 7+. 21., £3 108., £9 is. 81, £1 Os. 81., £l, £1 11e., £5 12s. 61. an i £4 per annum, payable by Messrs. Greenall: Whitley and Oct Ltd.. (2). Mrs. 'Grey. tr. J. Lon gten, Ttsn Eleillan; James Barton, F. J. Clarlisie's Rxecuto-s, and Mrs. S. R. Longshew, in each case well enured, ant arising ant of land and messuages situate in Leyely-lane. Certwrigh'-street, and Buttock-street Warrington. 'payable fat. 975 years and upwards, making a tetal of £l3 51. subject to payment of a bead ground rent nf -211 2s. 61. per annum. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneer, King- street, Warrington ; or to Mr. If. J. Lnartroy, King et., Warrington.

OFFICE FOR PATENTS 4, ST. ANN'S SQUAW?, MANC'IIESTER. ER DAVIES St SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLI.HED IN 1835. SEL7-1113LP TO NE'N PATNNT LAN. Pftler.6l/. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRTCE lg

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWTCK RD.. WARRIVI-PON7 (Telenhone 179) BREWER'3 AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Bases Pale Ale, BABeS No. 1. Strong Ale. Worthington's and Alison's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley' and Hack's Hon Bitters. Ailsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IS BOTTLE. ALSO MAITTFACT7RER9ov HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATER.

Mono To.u.,s, prornivory note', &fats blight ; any district ; cash dlcvn ; full value.-3311T11, BAILEY & CO., LTD.. 38, Church et., Liverpool.

Ott7aß Thls.7 00,7 Rp rliVeL4 or t :VI) f—aPt Tat; etrtot Lt Inoorties clan Borrow ot Bonk Rot% or 3111. A iViC3 Messrs. MoVirr4E, 34, Illoorfields, Llverpoo!.

9'S3 PHRSONS TINTITLIM NIONRY AND PI-MPH:In" under Wille, Settlernonts, &c—Rev3rsilne, Tri!Nes. dtc.. purchaeed, or ADVANCR3 at lowed retae.—Toui: fiErEa- sioxini INTEREST AGENCY, 12. sear Oirford et., ril"1111.

PLEASE NOTTC ADDRI.I3 2, TILIMDS Sl'. WARRINGTON. rASII ADVANCED PRIVATELY on day of •I application at ato we^ rate of interest aryl recayment than any other 0f1133 In tawn, and at th 3 f allowing easy repayments :- 25 Loan ls. 61. Weekly I En Loan 53. 01. Weekly £lO Loan... ..... 3a. 0,1. Week'y I £5O Loan 13s. 6d. Weekly TRH 13 GRNUItia. Larger sums In same proportion. Other tenni can be muteally arranged. Speak' term, to farmers ani shap- keepers. Distenie no ohject. Apply In <moll lence p3rsonally. or by letter, to the fictnal Lealer. J. LORD, 2, T dItI3 SR ST 4134 P, of Parker street (near Sank Quay Station), WARRISCIVIN.

NO Ffilt3 I NO PINES I I NO PUBLICITY I I Cl 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCMD DAILY, in o STRICTEST PRIVACY to el respectable Householders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and ail persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, " on sitnole promissory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance Ti', object. Call or write in eminence to THE OIIESHInfI A DVANOTA CO., 25 Cairo st , Sankey st.. Warrington ; also at ln, Greenwool st., Altrincham. Head Office : 329, Waterloo rd.. Efancheste-. All applicAtions and letters nromptly attended tn.

rp:.) CAPITALLSCS.—Requirei CAPITALISTS with £l,OOl I and upwards to form a LIMITED COMPANY' with £50,000, to take over arid exploit a V 11,(JA11:3, UP-TO- DATE INVENTION, rerating to an TEPII0Vl1l) -3A.FFirlt RAZOR. 'atooted in all the principal countries in Europa and In U.S.A. LARGE MANUFACTURIN PROPIU3 PROVED. Genuine Investment. EX01f.,1,13 'IT Pao 7- PHOTS.—For full particulars atuolv to A• ) V ARD I; Financial Brokers, 35, OSSONDI RD., II 33.111 HILL, LONDON, S.E.

MONEY LENT ON THESE TERNIS WITHOUT SURRTI69. LOAN £2 RSPAY 22 5 0 I LOAN £lO RRPAY 211 5 0 LOAN 23 REPAY' 23 7 6ILO IN £2O RRPAY £22 10 0 LOAN £5 RRPAY £5 12 6 I LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15 W. JACKSON, 36 01103FILL0 BTRIIRT, WARRINGTON

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, S2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WOREINGMEN, and all Respect. hie Householders, on their owa eecarlty, without delay,: on our simule written premise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, TOOT OF TGE CENTRAL STATION, MANAGER JOHN 13. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

IA to £5,000 ADVANCED by PRIVATE LENDER ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTES, No Bills of Sale taken, and absolute privicy guaranteed. First letter of application receives prompt attention. and Intending borrowers are waited upon by a represenfatiye who is e impowercd to complete transaction on terms mutu- ally arra need, NO CHARGE; BEING BUDD UNLESS BUSINESS ACTUALLY CO MPLETED.ASpeciaI quotations for Short Loans. Write in confidence to— MR. T. POLLITT. 30, OLDEIAM ROAD, MANORIVITER.

• L. 3 TO ANY PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CREDIT can have money on note of hand only 01,101TERM3 at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan without the usual loan office COMPHIITION. routine and without fees. Our Motto Is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Loqns can he paid as follows or otherwise. £3 loan Is. weekly £l3 loan 24. 61 weekly £5 „ Is. 6d. „ 220 „ 6s. £7 ~ s. 11 £5O , 129. 63. The above terms are alter° I by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and iroreasel. Call or writs MAURICE 00., hltse C. (MURRILL (VlLNicifmEsS), 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

TO £5,000 LENT AILT D Dri LOWISST INTEREST 16f ENGLAND. £5 loaneßepay 2s. weekly. £l5 loan, Reply 101. weekly £lO „ „ 41. „ £3) „ „ Ps. „ £l5 „ „ 6s, „ £5l „ „ 21s. £2O „ „ Bs. „ £lO3 „ , 355. „ No Burettes, no Delw, no Publilit v. 8 354,51 atteatlsa Vapplicants from this district. DISTROPOLITAN L9AN.I3: DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., atANO,I irary; aril at 87, VICTORIA RD, NORTH NIOI-I, 65 ',RDLINTO RD. (cornsr of Otosti ORR VII. 8, Tft3NTEIAM BT., RUNCORN.

A CHOICE CIGARETTE. StintOw's SPECOIAL SILK OUT HIGUISPETIS. Guaranteed ,Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobaue,a. !FM per or., 2e. 6d. per Ib. box.; T. SOD LOW & *Clflllt MRRGHNTS, 15, WINVVICK ST, AND 65, Bun2I3SMARKET ST.. WARRIEGTON. Tel. 414 y.

he Opuniner *trim THE WARRINGTON & MII-011E9HIRR EXAMINER published every S Iturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Parlgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. Tlll3 RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the beat weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. Tilif WIDNES EXAMINER, published every maturday mottling. Widnes contains the largest nnnaber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. MHE EAURSTO 77N AND NEWTON EXIMINER, 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Rarlestown, Newton-le- Golborn,e, Havdock, Lowton &ct. The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire cad fields, rI.3HE ST. HELENS RX/I.sllNitlf, published every Saturday morning ,rirculating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton, Peasley (I,toss, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pREPAID A BYERTISEgENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSE; WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. 110115E3 TO BS SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MI 10ELLA7HOUS W4.3T3 ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS EIA.LB One Three 51z Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weaks. Weeks 18 ... Os. Id. ... Is. 31. ... Is. 01. ... 3s. 91. 27 ... Os. 93. ... Is. 101. ... 33. Od. ss. O. 38 ... Is. 01. ... Is. 81. ... Is, Od. Es. Od. 45 ... la. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 61. ... 3a. 81. ... Es, Od. ICs. 01.

THE EXAMINER. MAY 30th, 1908.

Recruit : "Please, sergeant, I've got a splinter in my 'and." Sergeant-Instructor : "Wot yer been doin' ? Strokin' yer 'ead ?"—" Punch." ' * * The new Bolton School at Latchford was auspici- ously opened on Thursday, notwithstanding that the proceedings smacked somewhat of Hamlet without the Prince, seeing that Alderman Bolton was conspicuously absent. Rumour hath it that he was visiting a famous orchid show, and it is conceivable that the Alderman's passion for orchids is greater than his enthusiasm for education. Alderman Pierpoint made an• efficient chairman and in a chatty, commonsense speech he pictured Latchford as it was in 1855, and noted the changes in the once essentially rural village. Alderman Ellison followed snit, and harked back to such a •remote past as 1811, prior to which there was neither school nor place of worship in Latchford. Now the " village " is provided with a handsome, commodious, Council school—which will soon be hidden away by rows of cottages already springing up with mushroom-like rapidity. The Balton School possesses a splendid site badly spoiled ! •* * * Tact is good taste in action.—Than. If a clever man commit a folly, it is no small one. —Goethe. No entertainment is so cheap' as reading, nor any pleasure so lasting.—Montague. A tombstone is often a monument of lies above the one Ivho lies beneath.-11. 11. Sheridan. I would hang all misers by the heels, that their money might ran out of their pockets. —Rowland Hill. All that mankind has done, thought, gained or been, it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books. —Carlyle. They who marry where they do not love will love where they do not marry.—Faller. One should take take not to grow too wise for so great a pleasure of life as laughter.—Addison. It is possible to be content with our enemies ; it is not possible to be content with our friends. —G. K. Chesterton. ffeasures of precaution are never fully appreciated, because when most effectual they are never seen to be necessary.—Jo wctt.

Tailoring that fits AT LESS THAN CITY PRICES. ROBERT WOOD TAILOR AND COSTUMIER, 5, MARKET PUCE, WARRINGTON.

dpow..."_ • - 9 )PLK ' ett 0 M •

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has eau kept in one Family. Its cutative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Free for 143 lamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

FRIENDLY MA.TCHE3. Rylands), H. S. Connolley (Crrmston Victoria), G. Bull, , WARRINGTON MUNICII'4.I. OFFICERS' GUILD . 01. jun. (Warrington Cemetery), J. B. Davenport (Pendle- V ton Belmont), J. M'Cormick (Newton-le-Willows), S. PAUG'S.—Played on the SI unicipal o.ficer3' ground and Sackville (Swinton Social), C. W. Smith (Pendleton resulted in a win for them by 18 runs. Scores : Belmont), H. Harrison (Leigh Railway), IL Banks MUNICIPAL OFFICERS. ST. PAUL'S. 1 (Lower Brou,ghton Limited), J. C. Poyser (Kemal). H. Dr. Smith b Forster C. F. Love b Lawless ... 5 T. Seed b Dr. Smith 4 ~ C. Paxton (Choriton), J. C. Howe (Didsbury), P. J. B. Craik b Lawless ... 0 T. Bibby b Green - Talbot (Newton-le-Willovrs), J. Aldred (Swinton M. Nicholls lbw b Law- H. Perdue b Green Social), It. Frost (Temple, Cheetharn), W. Buckley less R. Price b Forster 2 F. Gardner b Dr. Smith 5 Reservcs ,• T. B. Burgess (Winnington Park), J. E. A. E. Hands b Lawless 1 G. Allen a Jordan b 4 I Codling (George), J. Shepherd (Harpurhey), and L. S. H. Jordan b Lawless 0 Dr. Smith H. Essenhigh e and b E. Downing b Green... 0 Brown (Heaton Park Conservative). Forster 2 P. Barbour b DaSmith '2 ; WORKS COMPETITION. Green b Forster 1 R. Forster not out 3 : FIRST ROUND. P. Smith not out J. Lawton et Ward b 1 A.Jones bJ. B.Cralk... 8 : The three matches played last Saturday resulted asi Forster 3 t follows: Extras ~ — _ H. Bowyer Total 57 Total 39 J. Atkinson l5 H. Taker J. Bowyer l5 W. Richardson 6 , RUMOR); M.F.C. v. SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND XL— .A. Bowyer l5 J. Andrews l2 Played at Sankey on Saturday. Scores : IW. Goulden l5 D. Howarth 6 M.F.C. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. lE. Dumbill (captain) l5 Phil Higham J Moores c Parr b Bladen 0 H. Partridge run out... 5 D. Houghton J. Boys b Bladen J. Hitchmough run out... 1 G. From lbw b Hughes 0 J. Lloyd J. Lightfoot o Prow b S. Holden bF. Hughes 3 F. Swift l5 Jas. Andrews (captain) 10 Bladen T. Moores b Bladen 0 R. Brooks bF. Hughes 9 Jos, Bowyer l5 J. W. Collier F. Hughes c Owen b G. Parr bT. Moores... 4 i Gorst 0 W. Hewitt cT. Moores 172 -109 W. Morris not out ...... H. Carter c Hewitt b A. Pearce bF. Hughes 0 L.N.W.R. HOUGHTON'S NO. 2. Gorat 4 J. Critchley et Light- ~ C. Millington l5 G. Hewitt l2 L. Stubbs a 1 Pearce b foot Gorst 4 R. Owen not out A. Abrams b Gorst ...... 0' IT. Turner l4 T. Corwell W. Yates not out A Extras E. Taylor l5 F. Page l4 W. Barnes R. Littlevrood l5 J. Bramhall W. Bridgin J. Rag W. Gleave /5 A, Kirkham l2 I

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS! 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. October 9th, 190 G. Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you of the great benefit I that have received from your Gout and Rlaoumatic Pills. I have been a great sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I have recommended your pills to all I have come into contact with, and shall always speak very highly of them. lam NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN THE HOUSE. You can make what use you like of this state- ment, which is strictly true. ours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 282, Goswell road London EADE'S GOUT 8c Rj

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! H.M.S. Leander, Davenport, November 30th, 1907. Dear Sir.—During the past six months we have had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and whilst hoisting in and out ocean tugs, copper punts and other small crafts, I contracted several chills one after the other, which finally settled in my legs and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. I was placed on the sick list and given the usual naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing your advertisement, I determined to try your famous GouttPills, and after taking a few doses they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared and my legs are as strong as ever again. Yours Respectfully, G. SWACKENHAMMEE. Q.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all jurbus matter, and are highly restorative old everywhere.in Bottles, is lid and 2 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Porprietors, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. lEUMATIC PILLS.

C"•....*4 .. 2 ....gla'N.S '`...2 C...iz,'?"•• ..,, CN...per . 2 C...ae - "•••• . , Cia" ' " , 3 C.... 2.4"• .2 2 PLAIN TRUTHS ? on the subject of Health are the only acceptable pronouncements. Exaggerated statements end by convincing no one—rather do they create suspicion, and pive rise to doubt. But you may safely listen 7 to universal opinion. The public have for long, known the value of Beecham's Pills in cases of disorder and irregularity of the Stomach, '/4 Bowels, Liver, and Kidneys. Thousands of men and women know 6 efrom glad experience, that an occasional dose of Beecham's Pills w• a ill promote the healthy action of these organs, and that all the 9 clocl things heard on every hand 4? AEDUT this medicine, are true in the strictest sense.. Most people desire a ) specific that can be depended upon at all times to correct the vital 2. functions when they are out of order and Nature calls for some .6 assistance. Such a preparation may be found in I?..IL'ECHAM'S PILLS. They will put you right and keep you up to the mark. They have 9 apirloovveedr atniv,imwmorelndse It isonjustot as many thousandsrtainth atth of they jmen d b ea nn ef i tw;z:, you— and n t, and this is a plain truth you may accept and act upon in reBard to ..,..t..._ L,.. :• ' • '(''• if- itkr. ' 1,. -14' 4414,7 $ eNa.,-", -'s • ~„.., ~.., a, 0.• 4.: al, i'•• t- .- ...........---------,. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1111(56 pi:ls) & 219 (168 pills). C.. 404 . . C.6%.*.in .41° CN•QSI2 a, C`•S•at r•SN.,2 C•••. 1,42 C•Saglo

3 ° . _ORLICKtS r: MALTED MILK ... -‘,.., (IN POWDER FORM). • - -4,-,..if,ii" qi'llt A - THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. -1-le- in 1/6, 2;,1 and Ili. Bottles. (SLOUGH, SIJGKG.) A Quick Lurch and Good Stayer.

SOLD EVERYTVIIIIRE at Is. IH., 2s. 91,48.2:1.,andl 1 s I . • -.. ' "Ilbridgelis - LUNG TONIC,. THI E WORLD'S CUR FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, Etc

TRADE TERMS TO FEW RIDERS - In eacti dietrlct Wilo apply irtirvedlatalY. ral era' Protl6s. Gab kaiY P 67,66630. , CaWENTRY 4ICYCLES from £3 10s. IN arra. tad 6 013 years. Packed Frer.Ahr. Paid. tr• Wry, at once, for Art Oota/optta and Special Offer. a Mond Cycle Co., Dept. 600/4. Llveiapopp.

THE PROPERTY INVESTMENT BANK, I.I)4ITED. HEAD Orrice ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER. SICKNESS & ACCIDENT INSURANCE. The Best Spare Time Agency. The tables of this Company are liberal, and appeal to all classes. The policy covers all Accidents, and every form of Sickness. WHY PAY RENT? Our System stands unrivalled. The Company will build you a house, by your placing a Deposit with them. The facilities offered are unequalled by any other Company. Send for Prospectus. Wanted good men in all districts. Smart and reliable men can obtain first-class positions. Apply as above. aVESIMENIZEIMIEW

. . ....sizi....:l:::‘,-;.'if::-;_::- 1:::.> Thirsty ?.,-...-...:--- .. . dt7/0.0.,b,ft,.„ -, •-. 4 o,..ptpiftryi "892 t ienit4p4Pa. ,p,r4 i. *"...., , . . .. Nottinit.64B4Boll. ..- / ~-, • ''''' - , • ~.. aft ... Good! '. it's Mason's

84. ~.... 4, ir 4 X ..'............... ..-K-7,-7.--- . •:.• x 1 1 -0,414 co 1 ....:-.::::, • . ....... .„1-,!‘ ..' i et+ _ OF w .-kCi AN 0 ALL - _ A`e... sv- -sm ALL G.ROCEfk...- .4 ES . BOT rLis . . -.., _ . _• ,

ee ori'vasi ex • CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEYINO ALL PAIN AND THRUM AND SOON ;CORP The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on tbe soles of the feet. If von suffer try a box, yi.,u will corer regret it. Boxes Wk. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Chetenham

THE NEW LIQUID FURNITURE POLISH makes furniture like new. "V I V Outshines all Furniture Cr-mms. Removes all Germs. Does not finger mark. Oti. & If.. a bottle. Wall House Furnishers, Ironmongers & Stern.

••• ~• ,B_ THE NEW FRENCH „ffl. E Ig:l,E THERAPiONpui,asrsure,.c.ces:v.,,upsed in continental Hospitals by Ricord. Bostan, Jobert,Velp- eau St others, surpasses everything hitherto employed tor impurityof blood, spotsMotches,pain &swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartges, piles, gravel, pains in hack, gout,rheuinatism.emliaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos.l, 2Sc 3, according to diseaes. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post freo in Great Britain from The Le Clem Medirine Co, Haver. stock Road,Hampstead, London,& principal Chemists.

DOUNO are the rrezdest discovery tbht TONAL known' for the cure t ASS Nery us Debility, Indige,.. Den, ConstipAtlon, Slufrkl.h Liver, /to. They recommend themselves B.,ses Is. end 2s. 9t ,or sample 3 stamp, tor the 2;x3ea -., 23 Crsven rt., W.C.

KEATINC pOWDE R [lc • FLEAS BUGS FLIES Eammi

/ • VTwo Bottles WhiSky of the best and cheapest ever offered, entirely reliable as to by genuine age and quality, post free for 6/-, direct Post firtiOatrittShoeLwE GP laoosega tau vsooans : Perth, N.B. Esibt ,Soo SAVIGEAR'S EMBROX CREAM. Marvellous Results. Removes all outward pains, RbentuaUt pains, Bruiaes, Sprains, dm Try Sample Bottle, 71d., Chemist, or 41 Child's Place, London, S.Wc,

There is roily one Rafe way of SAFE.SP [Can OM cotir.:::: if 13i:tot:luau Stock aE:d. ''• upwards, .may realize te.erty tnnes their value by exorcism - fRIFITS which means the .." privilege of baying or 'gelling. OSr-arfD, rirfrn la Present prices, stocks L Attu and alma at any timo - . - - within ono. two or three months. Profits are often enormous as prices must more one way or another, but losees are strictly limitcd to amor, At paid for option. Fullest particulars post free &Os. TRLOIY MILLra, & co. 47.,k 4e Elac.kvillo stmt. Pioeadilly London. W.

TAILOR-MADE SKIRTS. WELL FINISHED. PERECT FITTING. • We challenge the world, and our value Is Ira. • equalled. Buy from the Merchant, and save middleman's profit. •, We do not sell the low elan illttting . . Larelyansostlimlartg.esda.drgrr tsz:dd. inAonz of our ' Special' Cheviot Bate Skirts. --. Countess, 11/11 1 New Brown, . Diadem's, Bill New Green, .-. Princess, Wit Navy, Black -Ci i , Carriage paid. ..:.4 4, Money returned if not approved • Of. send outside waist measurement --'s Q, • tc. .7_....1„... „. ~ .- and length with P. 0.0. to J. RAT al CO, Di CSIMITI/11,11, 4/11007.8 La pg".. OIF WI INV, .4 THESE ,„ .:, - _. WATCHES .- . . J are usually . ~ ..1„ . '" '. .011,....„014:„., :°-.l,taltiuri6 n ' 4,---..si ILina,,-, / order to s. ' .. bring them , , ' ..,, , . . well before / r , IN- Virr H / the public, • \ ~.;•c .......,...,, mg them at , „, wih'EFLOßt"al,a a purely -` • .: iII.(I3TRAM nominal cost -.- _.C^COJARAN, . fora bruited v_t_entEoß-CINt-XCARipil: Period. tt.•..51 41 er:KKtaa. ,Ntt DI'S Z-..1,11.•0r - - P044tei:44.73 - - -.. • Please state :4, . . wether DIRECItStrFO h LY-eattyi Lady's on icor* otvgtessitit. n-1 Gent's %hen . r•itm.,-,Pscte.ve •o- • ordering. t ft...oow'.
