===== 0002601_19081224_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
THE{ MAYOR AND MAYORESS OF 1 WARRINGTON (Alderman and Mrs. FORSHAW) wish the Inhabitants of Warrington a HAPPY CHRISTMAS Arno • PRO 3PBRUUS NEW THAR. Xmas, 1908.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWS ..E Y ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NBXT, DBORMBBIt ME, 1908. Morning. 1030. RSV. THOMAS IHILLRR. livening. 630. REV. B. BLANSHARD RIMING. All welcome. Hymn Hooke provided.

Tel. 414 Y.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE,

The old and tried remedy that stood the test of ptwo generations.

DR.r. COLLIS BROWNE'S, oHLORODYNE,

Invaluable for

COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,

ASTHNIA, NEURALGIA

REFUSII to be put off pith a SUBaTITUTH. The original can be had of ALL OISHMISTS If you show you are not weak enough to accept an Imitation. COLLIS BROWNH IS TRH HABIB ; n.. lid.. 2a. 9d., 41. 6d. the prices.

DR. J. COLLIS IBROWNE'S

CHLORODYNE.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
E. FORSHAW & SON

TEL. No. 123.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). TEL. No. 123

LIMITED ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS,

MAKERS OF Mersey imp St Warrington. . RON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys.

CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c. Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &C. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-Inch stroke. Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

Milling,

===== 0002601_19081224_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
• - . . 4 . • ••••• t L. „11.. : Lo, 9 . _

ONW.PENNY

P 1

Pri-ximsroms rozczmisma 24, 1908.

117 BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. First XMPiS SALE Everything Annual • Reduced

By PosT{ is. 70. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. per Amu= Is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

W. Isherwood &o. Blouse Specialists, Glovers, Hosiers, Fancy Drapers, &C. 221, SANKEY STREET, Warrington. sPEeiaL DISPLAY

of Blouses, Gloves, Linen and Cambric Handkerchiefs, and Fancy Lace Goods Suitable for Presents. See Windows-150 Styles in Blouses, all Our own manufacture, at prices to suit all tastes.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
EDITH iEX

(Seven years Head Dressmaker with Messrs. J. & W. Dutton, previously with Jay's Ltd., Regent-street, London, W.) USEFUL ARTICLES AND FANCY GOODS IN GREAT VARIETY FOR

===== 0002601_19081224_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
XMAS MID JIEW YEAR PRESEVTS

ALL THE LEADING NOVELTIES IN FANCY DRAPERY. INSPECTION INVITED. aighgelass brcssmaker and Ladies' Outfitter. 57, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. OPPOSITE RYLAIIDS STREET.

Take a pair of sparkling eyes, one of our lovely Umbrellas, and watch them beam their thanks. You'll both be happier.—Wmsow & Co.. Umbrella Experts, • 49, Elorsemarket-street, Warrington.

HEAR , WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY! Tommy Green's ehristmas Show

_ IS BETTER THAN XVER. CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES. You save 25 per cent. by purchasing from him. EVERYTHING FOR SALE.

18 KNUTSFORD ROAD, Also Corner of PARKER STREET & SAN KEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

USEFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.

-- EIDERDOWN QUILTS, 12/6 TO 42/-. CUSHIONS AND COSIES, I/4 To 15/6. AXMINSTER RUGS, FROM 6/6 EACH. SHEEPSKIN RUGS, 21/6 TO 45/-. FANCY TABLES, COAL VASES, TRAYS, PALMSTANDS, HALLSTANDS, ETC.

E. COATES, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED

1838.

XMAS PRESENTS. RICHARD JEFFREYS; x SIAS PRESENTS. 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, !RABIN MAIM AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment ot Pra,ard '?lrTuresonitable for Weddinp and Birthday Presents, School Yrizes, Av. Terms Moderato; RI ,PRODUCTIONS BY: HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSWITI. an 3 BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONI OF PICTURES IN 'IBBaHATION AL. TATE ANDIOTHI4R GALLERIRS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

Bright little eyes will Ell with tears if there is nothing in the Christmas stocking. We have some trim little umbrellas that will make the same little eyes dance with glee.—Wnson & Co., Umbrella Experts, 43, Elorsemarket-street, Warxington.

CIIIIISTMA.S PRESENTS.

HAVING MADE UP YOUR MIND TO BUY EITHER AN UMBRELLA OR A WALKING-STICK THE NEXT BEST THING TO DO IS TO PAY A VISIT TO

E. & E. GRIFFITEIS, 32, Buttermarkot Street, Warrington, WHEN WE SHALL BE PLEASED TO SHOW you THE LARGEST AND CHOICEST SELECTION OF MOST ELEGANTLY MOUNTED Ladies and Gents Umbrellas TO BE SEEN IN THE DISTRICT AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY FROM is. SEE THE " TRIXIE 4 THE SMARTEST AND SMALLEST FOLDING UMBRELLA MADE. WE OFFER NO SPECIAL INDUCEMENT TO SELL OUR UMBRELLAS; WE LEAVE IT TO THE PUBLIC TO KNOW WHERE THEY GET THE BEST POSSIBLE VALUE FOR MONEY. UMBRELLAS PACKED FOR POST, FREE OF CHARGE. WE ALSO HOLD A LARGE SELECTION OF THE FOLLOWING SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENTS :A— GENT'S GLOVES FANCY BOXES OF BRACES FANCY WOOL VESTS SILK MUFFLERS FANCY BOXES OF HANDKERCHIEFS UP-TO-DATE NECK WEAR SILK HANDKERCHIEFS LEATHER COLLAR BOXES TRAVELLING RUGS, BAGS, Ztc Walking Sticks from 61. 9 carat gold mounted from 8/6.

FOR

At this time of the year most people are lookin round for XMAS PRESENTS but do not know where to go or what to buy. A visit to

, .

===== 0002601_19081224_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
EUSTANCE & Co.

LIMITED,

41 and 43 SANKEY ST.,

Warrington,

GOLDSMITHS, SILVERSMITHS -

and JEWELLERS,

Will satisfy the most fastidious on both points.

Our magnificent

===== 0002601_19081224_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW OF

Xmas Novelties

Is now complete, and the variety, quality and low prices will be at once

apparent to intending buyers.:

ASK FOR OUR LIST OF SUGGESTIONS.

Telephone No. 381 x.

Established 1864.

I

- -

===== 0002601_19081224_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1653

===== 0002601_19081224_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•fr

===== 0002601_19081224_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH EXO}l3 TEETH J. H. PA RKTNSON TEETH HASCHESTBE

TEETH ATTEND TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to_7 TEETH Branches mg TEETH NORTHWICH. WINSPORD And MIDDLEWIOII. TEETH (See Local Pipers)

===== 0002601_19081224_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
cDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF—RAISING FLOUR ASTYTSRIED. The Examinei: Thursday, December 24, 1908

THE GOBLIN AND THE GRAVEDIGGER.

He went to tl•e graveyard on a Christmas Eve to dig a grave, as ‘-feeling very low he thought it might raise his spirits." He scowled on tlie signs of festivity about him as he went, and, meeting & boy singing for joy, rapped him over the head with a lantern. And on Christmas Eve, with the world full of joviality and good cheer, Gabriel Grub plied his spade on a new grave, and sang with pleasure over his erniet,er task. It wee in the midst of this pleasant task that the goblin found him. It was this quaint, eerie being who asked: "What man wanders amongst graves and churchyards on such a night as this?" and a wild chorus of voices which seemed to fill the graveyard screamed "Gab- riel Grub! Gabriel Grub!" "Who drinks hollanda alone and in a churchyard on such a night as this?" said the goblin. "Gabriel ,Grub! Gabriel Grub!" exclaimed the wild voice* again. "And who then is our fair and lawful prize?" he asked; and again came the wild chorus, "Gabriel Grub! Gab- riel Grub!" • So the goblins claimed the gravedigger and whisked him off to Goblinland. There they skewed him men and women destined to stir his heart and fire his brain with a mellow humanity; and, led by the head goblin, the world of sprites emphasised each picture by kicking the unhappy sexton. Finally, "above all, he saw that men like himself, who smarted at the mirth and cheerfulness of others were

....... the foule,st weeds on the fair surface of the earth"; and, having been kicked without mercy, was returned from Goblinland to the world to lead a better life.

Such was the first characteristic ghost story of Dickens. Distinctly and clearly in it are foreshadowed all the characteristics of '

THE GREATEST OF ALL GHOST STORIES, A Christmas Carol." The whole end and aim of the greater story is the same as in the slighter story of Gabriel Grub. The idea underlying the chastening of the sexton is .the same which runs through the purging of Scrooge's evil heart. The earlier story was simply a careless fabric, the later story a classic. The construction is the same. The same dour hero at war with the human fes- tivities of the world; the same timely ghost to grip him and carry the stony heart to beat near the warm hearts of homely, living people; the same sharp contrast between sel- fishness and unselfishness; the same rounding of the moral that he who lives in charity takes his pay in love and esteem, are ap- parent in both of these Christmas tales. And after the soured man awakens, to find the phantoms but spectres of an . ugly dream, there is the same result. On Gabriel Grub's awakening, we are casually told "he was an altered man, and he could not bear the thought of returning to A place where his re- pentance would be scoffed at and his reform- ation disbelieved. He hesitated for a few moments, and then turned away to wander where he might, and seeik his bread else- , where." The story, so far as the moral it teaches, is but carelessly applied. Gabriel Grub runs away to seek a better outlook. In the larger story,, "A Christmas Carol," the characters, living and ghostly, move on a larger platform; and, when the good is wrought in Scrooge he plays the man, and fights out his battle against self by doing un- selfish things amongst the people he has wronged. The germ of "A Christmas Carol,'• first called to life in the story of Gabriel Grub, lies like a seed through winter; waiting for a fuller power to call it to more perfect bloom.

IP 2 ivi lAA, ' I The n '''°. •' ' f I " a G lif ar"*9- ' 10. '.. V11..11191= •z i ~ 1, Old Original - ' 7......2r ri, COL.IC. 4.--- and World-Famous I)<,-- •-- ,-, ..,-.1, Lung Tonic for '4451: : 4100 f A -...V,,, ..."'"4. COUONS GOLDS ‘. '..!;- JP .... rot, Throat and Chz:st Troubles, Is r, ...„,.. oz, _ gte, „.., b. , :i4,P P ..= •.4 .',.) . r 11 rtf 44,..;•?.. 111 i 161-*.ti et„.7...,..„..7, _ ~... ......... , .0 .... ~......„ ~,,e... Invaluable to sufferers from gifn 44 any kind of 1111110 AT INEANNESS. ,_-..., -A-v 4 ESTABLISIII3I.) 147.4. ',-I .„:11Pe, „ .57,-..,„, , fl ,o, of sll,,afillites; ask. for "011YBRIDGEa/Yr; Iduog rontr ,^..?.; ~,,d 'JAKE NO OTHLIt. ....., I'n:el.-a by 4IV W. T.OWBRIDGE, Ltd , Hull. .... - - ''....t; Sold tv. co where in hat.. at ..,..., . Li. lid., 1 1 9./., I. 6rl, & 114 411t,C- -0-, - c rystwar. ,4111?' nattio,,,,a , oW - .7.-,e;1•0:04,40.,ire- _, •

===== 0002601_19081224_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

:.

I

I

.: ..:..:- t..:.:',..5k ...:::.- -:.):::....4.;7.:4.17, .., - .7..j......?„,:„.,.'...,,, .....-..'.. ..-1.:!...;.''.:N.. • , ...,...7:")"':::,-,-. . . ..,.....

4IL

ems

Old Chriatrras Rhymes.—Those who grieve over the decay of the old-fashioned Christmas with its wassail bowls and family parties, many perhaps find some comfort in the fact that there always were people who lamented the departure of the" brave days of old." Thus we find a rhymester of 17:36 saying that but for the alrnanack, " Christmas scarcely should we know," and in bitterest doggerel declaring " How happy were those days so old. When feasting did all twelve days old." According to an old Scottish rhyme, Christmas was at one time a popular festival in Scotland for it lays :

" Yule's come and Yule's game. And we hao feasted weel ; Sae Joch maim to his flail again, And Jenny to her wheel." Christmas Fensting.—The medical journals usually sound a rote of warning at this season about the harm- fulness of too much good cheer. They have nothing very terrible to say about plum pudding, which, by pro- longed boiling, is rendered comparatively easy of digestion, and according to one of these authorities you can stand any number of indigestible dishes provided you feast cheerfully. If you are alone "gloomy, sullen, stupid "as Robert Burns wrote, you had better eat sparingly, but it is mainly a question of environment, and if you are happy and jolly, a surfeit of good and normally indigestible things will do no harm. Laughter says the doctor, is a cure for indigestion, and nervous diseases, but of course it does not come easy to the confirmed nervous dyspeptic. " Don't be miserable, don't worry,don't be poor,don't he ill, don't die " is all good adaice if one can act up to it, but as a rule the stfferer finds it very difficult to do this, at any rate, as far as could be wished. Still, to most people there comes a mood of Christmas joviality, and it is some- thing to know, that if you feast cheerfully, you may feast with impunity. More Fatty Food.—At one time, the suet pudding was regarded as suitable food only for strong men who lived strenuous lives in the open air, but we have changed all that, and the doctors now tell us that the well-made well-cooked suet pudding, is a perfect food for all people. Especially they say is this so in winter when we often fail to include a sufficiency of fat in the diet. Cold feet, bands, fingers, ears, end chilblains, could often—so the men of medicine tell us now—be avoided under a generous diet of fatty food. A Meal Before Retiring.—Many of us can remember the days when we were taught that anything taken after a seven to eight o'clock rreal in the evening was little better than poison. One of the chief sins against one's stomach was giving it work to do just before nutting it to bed. Put now, with a conscience perfectly at rest, we may, if we choose, sip a cup of hot soup or milk. and nibble a small crust of bread, before retiring. Undoubtedly the procedure described is an excellent one, for the thin or delicate, or for those who suffer from sleeplessness, while the woman past her youth with hollow cheeks and eyes, will speedily find the cup of bob milk, taken the last thing most beneficial. About Truffles.—With mach feasting in progress, we frequently see the truffle mentioned, and many unaccustomed to " high living " will no doubt wonder yet again, what this particular dainty may be. As a matter of fact the truffle is nothing but a mushroom, but it has one great pectitiarity, it grows beneath the soil, and often at considerable depth. It is found chiefly under oak trees, but also beneath birches, hazels, and beeches. The precious and costly fungus is black in appearance, its flesh, according to the varieties, is grey, yellow, or brown, or even black. Its taste—" gourmets" say—is most exquisite, but It must be confessed that the majority of people "see nothing in it." Presents for menkind.—Knitted silk ties and mufflers are, when well done, acceptable presents to menkind generally, and for weeks past many fair fingers have been wrestling with halls of silk, and knitting needles. The King prefers a knitted silk scarf to all other varieties of neck wraps, a state of affairs that has gone far to make it exceedingly popular. Needless to say, the work should be perfectly even and smooth, and to ensure this, the tips of the firgors should receive care- ful attention always, before taking it up. Further, the worker should make a point of sitting in an excellent light, as dropped stitches frequently spell ruin, however Well "picked oz." A Novelty.— the new evening hoods will be especi- ally welcomed by suburban women, who have a journey by train or omnibus to undertake before arriving at the theatre or restaurant. These hoods appear to the casual observer perfectly soft, and almost shapeless, but in reality they are mounted upon a light wire frame, which keeps the hair from being crushed or disarranged. They can, of course, be carried out as expensively or inexpensively as the wearer may desire, but the best match the cloaks, under which they can so easily be slipped when entering a restaurant or theatre. Youthful Debutantes.—Balls and dances will fill the early days of the New Year in many of the great country houses, where large family parties have assembled for the festive season. Lady Salisbury will give a ball at Hatfield House on .Tanuary 13th, which will witness the " coming out " of her eldest daughter. Lady Beatrice Cecil, and also of several other young girls included among the guests. It is usual now for quite young girls to make an informal entry into Society at country house parties and dances before making their maiden bow at Court. Lady Beatrice Cecil is a tall, aoed-looking girl of 17, two years older than her brother, Lord Cranborne, and another important young lady who will make her formal appearance in Society at one of the tato Courts next year is Lady Victoria Stanley, the eldest daughter of Lord and Lady Derby. Like her mother, Lady Victoria is a particular favourite of Royalty, and she has been a frequent guest at the queen's parties for yonng people at Buckingham Palace. She will be seventeen next June, only a few months younger than Mies Mary Colebrooke, daughter of Lord and Lady Colebrooke, vho was presented at Court this year, although she bas only recently celebrated her , aeventeentb birthday. Whist Drives.—All sorts of Fames are invented to while away winter evenings but whilst new inventions come and go, cards go on for ever, as the most popular form of indoor amusement. Hitherto, whist drives, and bridge compet lone, have been confined almost exclusively to private parties, but whist drives are now being organised on a public basis in London. large halls are taken, substantial prizes are offered, and the players •are admitted by ticket for which a fee is charged. Some doubt arises as to whether such entertainments can be legal, but they appear to be becoming popular, in spite of the risk of meeting at such gatherings undesirable people, or those who make use of unfair methods. One has an assurance at private parties against any unplensantna!-s of tiais kind, Lot, as all public dances are not to be condemned because some are of a free and easy kind, so perhaps there may be oportunities for the public whist drive as a social form of amusement. MADGE.

~.7" , ,

.

0 \\W \\:.:l \ '..s. \\, . , N \ \ ' ,p \\\\ X ss. .\\ ‘s.‘ 4, 1 Lious ri rSS :7 \\`''N\s•\i‘ \'‘ : will not trouhle you it you take , \CHAS. FORD'S Bile Beans, which .' keep away liver and stomach ail- N` merits, indigestion, wind, nausea \ and headache, and exert a mar- \ Nvellons power over ailments pro. \ c:e6ia: f-ora liver or bile. Carry \ \ theta with you. ' sr.-54 -' . "1:;Vk / A Lt. . -..,, or es. ',••••,,i '.k,‘, ,• • ,:- .:4-;"*. , "-.' - "'"'"'" , \ ss, •14: ..,- ''.4 • - ~ - : ..• ••\ ,', :•• " i .\ ,t-' ' 7`,. • \\ , . - .‘,.. ` ,-• .• ', t -, -4C,,.. -," BILE :, 'r . "1/4o

===== 0002601_19081224_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A DEATHLESS TALE.

"A Christmas Carol" was published in 1843, yet to-clay the story is as fresh as ever. It carries with it the same weight and the same warmth. In its short compass it con- tains all that can be said of the English Christmas. Its ghosts are good ghosts. They are none of your headless spectres with manacled fists. They do not gibber or scream, walk dismal corridors, or wail in lonely high- ways. In fact, saving Marley's ghost, they are not orthodox' at all; and the only ortho- dox point about Marley's grizzly shadow is that he was Chained. Even the chain is merely symbolical—he dragged behind him a burden of cash-boxes, keys, padlocks, ledgers, deeds, rind heavy purses, the burdens which chained the soul of Scrooge in life. And even when Dickens brings in the creepy spectre, he cannot resist the burlesque touch which re- duces it at once to the realms of the fantastic. His body was so transparent that Scrooge, observing him, and looking through his waist- coat, "could see the two -buttons on his coat behind. Scrooge had often heard it said that Marley had no bowels, but he had never be- lieved it until now." And with that quota- tion, Marley's ghost at once becomes less a thing of terror and more a human, com- panionable ghost, with a pleasant mission in view. He was the forerunner of three more ghosts, and serves more as an amiable intro- duction than a thing of terror, and one knows instinctively that only good can come out of his visit.

But the three ghosts that follow have a mellow, dignified character. There was the ghost of Christmas Past, so gentle; the ghost .of Christmas Present, so jovial; and the ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, silent and dignified, emphasising in stern terms the lesson of his preceding brothers of the years. They are

===== 0002601_19081224_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT GHOSTS.

None of your childish, illogical bogies, haunting mysteriously, wailing aimlessly, and terrorising out of sheer wantonness. They have in hand a glorifked typo of Gabriel Grub, a man of substance in the city, schose cash-box, safe, and bank book have become his idols, excluding any human note.! And they have this man to shew him the real world of joy and sorrow, pleasure and pain,' and the triumphant reign of the Unselfish over the Selfish man.

How many thousands of people have Ntoured with Scrooge through his wanderings with the I ghosts? - How many have forgotten their ghostliness in learning the lesson of their de- tached goodness? HOw many have learnt, with Scrooge, the faculty of kindliness, and the golden secret which is the reward of kindliness—that generous glow withiff- one's purified self? The pictures the ghost showed in the weird panorama to wring the heart of Scrooge and to sh-ew him the joys he had missed; the pictures grouped to show him the. evil he had (lone; the pictures conjured up to shew him the inevitable end—the lonely corpse and the neglected grave—have stirred the same generous emotions which moved Dickens to the writing of them. And who, following the Crachite through their humble pleasures, suffering their humble agonies, and sharing in their restoration to the light and life of the world, have not said in glad relief, "God bless us every one !"? Ghosts—the ghosts of everything that is good and holy, the ghosts of things of good repute, the ghosts of human sympathy and understanding, the ghosts of pity and love and charity—they are the spirits which stand in the shadow watching our poor humanity, and eyml,athißing-every.tire4 when its triumph is ^. kindly motive. They are not ghosts which Dickens built up in "A Christmas Carol," nor eerie shadows destined to make purpose- less horrors. They are the spirits of the better things of life; the echoes which the good man keeps sounding .in his heart while the evil man chokes them into silence; the pictures of a bravo man's brain, clothed in mystic symbols, which move through' • the years and link the name of Dickens with-the natural kindliness of men which wells eternally, happily for us all, within tho htunan heart.

THE FISH-POND. Another simple and highly attractive way of opening the entertainment is to provide a fish-pond for the little ones. Take an ordinary clothes-basket and drape it, side and out, with crumpled green paper. This is the pond. In it place a number of little in- expensive toys, wrapped separately in green paper and tied lightly round with string. A fishing-rod can be made out of a stick to which is fastened a piece of string with a bent pin at the end. The children gather round the pond in turn, and trail the line among the frshe.s until one becomes en- tangled in the hook. The achievement affords as much delight as does the reception of the little present, and thus the pleasure, given is twofold.

CALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] MERRY GAMES FOR I MY AUNT'S TRAY. Much amusement is found in the competi- tive game called "My Aunt's Tray." . A FESTIVE FOLK' tray is strewn with twenty little articles, commonplace but varying in nature, such as a bootlace, a match, a hen's ...feather, &c. , The tray is brought before the players, who are allowed one minute in which to inspect the articles. It is then carried away, and the It sometimes happens that a hostess who player who writes clown the greatest number has gathered together a - party of young of articles displayed, in the space of two. people for an evening's merrymaking feels at minutes, wins the prize. a loss when the moment arrives for setting . MISTLETOE QUERIES. the. ball• rolling, owing to the, consciousness of inexperience or a lack of resources. Cense- ' A good sitting-down game for young and old is the "Mistletoe Queries ': competition. quently, the inauguration of games is left in Each player is handed a pencil and paper. At the hands of the guests themselves, a risky the top of the paper is written the word proceeding where the young folk are not sufficiently well acquainted to feel perfectly "Mistletoe." Down the left-hand side are at ease with each other. This little awkward- : written twelve questions, the answers to nese is unknown, however, to the hostess who . which must be made from the letters in the, will take the trouble to prepare some sort of word mistletce. For example: . programme of the evening's entertainment in Q What sailors hate? A. Mist.. advance. The greater the, number of novel- Q. A fault in a garment? A. Slit. ties included in the programme the greater Q. A famous widow's fortune? A.-Mite. it success' will - be. Everyone knows with 9. To soften gold? ti A. Melt. what zest a first performance of any kind of . A kind of tree? A. Elm. amusement is carried on by the young ones. Q. A boy's name? A. Tom.. Competition games for little prizes have a Q. For making soft slippers? A. List. twofold attraction, and always go off with Q. A small person? A. Tot. spirit. A good plan, where the children in. Q. A famous part of the Pope? A. Toe. vited are very young, is to start the evening Q. How houses are treated? A. Let. with a doll competition. A prettily-dressed Q. A little bird? A. Tit. doll is christened by the hcetese, some rather Q. An underground worker? A. Mole. uncommon name, such as "Evangeline." The time allowed for answering all .the, Each guest is provided with paper and a questions is fifteen minutes, at the end of pencil, and allowed to write six guesses at which time the player who has the most cor-• the doll's name (spelling ignored). The givir rect answers receives a prize. , of the correct name wins the doll. If no one PETER THE HERMIT. is found correct the first time, the competi- An amusing game for both players and on- tion starts again. lookers is called "Peter the Hermit." Two.

chairs, placed back to back, and a table- - cloth, will make a little cell in which sits the player chosen for the hermit. The leader of the game whispers to the hermit some ordi- nary descriptive word, such as "surly,"" "fat," " amiable." All the • players then form a procession and walk past the hermit's ce11,,. peeping in, and passing remarks upon him.. For instance, "Doesn't he look solemn!" "Oh, isn't he thin!" The remarks wilt cause great fun; but the object of each player is to avoid using the word 'agreed upon by the hermit and the loader. Directly the- word is used, by one in the procession, the hermit leaps from his cell and chases him., round and round the -standing line of players until he catches him. The one caught then becomes the hermit, and the game starta- • again. If a girl is caught the players use the word "she" in their remarks. THE SAILING SHIP. Among fireside games, suitable for older - players, "The Sailing Ship" is an excellent one. All the players sit in line, except the leader, •who faces them. The leader then put e the following questions to each in turn,. allowing only five seconds for the answer. Q.'(l) Mv ship has sailed to a place be-- ginning with A? •A. 'the reply must be some place begin- Ding with A, as Amsterdam. Q. (2) The captain's name begins with A? I A. Any name beginning with -A, as Adam.. I Q. (3) The ship's cargo begins with A? A. The first which occurs to the player, as Ashes.. - Q. (4) What shall my ship bring back be. ginning with A? A. Anything Which occurs, as Acid drops. When the four questions in A: have been answered, the leader starts the same four' with D; and so on. The answers, given rapidly, will evoke much laughter. He who fails to give ari answer in the five seconds is . passed over, forfeiting his place to the player who answers correctly. The player who is top at the end of the game receives a prize.. PICTURE TITLES. • A really fascinating amusement, for chil- dren or grown-ups, \is the guile of "Picture Titles." Each player is provided with a sheet of paper and a pencil. In the space of five minutes he meet make a rough sketch to, illustrate the title of some well-known story.. For,example, a man lighting a lamp will re- present ," The Lamplighter." A 'large - man,- and several tiny woman will represent "Little Women." A shop front, in Which are suspended a few odd articles, will repre7 sent "The Old Curiosity -ShoP.", and_ 60, , on. The greater The ingenuity shown in the • choice of titles the better the fun. When the drawings are finished each player has to - gams the titles represented, writing down the name of the sketcher and the title opposite. The player who has written the most correct answers in a given time reeciv,ea a 'prize, • geiK.l ally a book of some Lind.

'TALTON COURT LEET.

The triennial meeting of Halton Court Leet, was held in the old courthouse as Halton Castle Hotel, near Runcorn, on Saturday afternoon. The court has jurisdiction over a large area of Cheshire, and includes townships on the borders of Altrincham, Knutsford, Northwich, and Crewe, and there was a good attend- ance, including two "freeman " who bad travelled from Hale and Holmes Chapel. His Majesty, as Duke of Lancaster and Baron of Halton is Lord Paramount of the manor and fee, and the high bailiff, Mr. Joseph Walter, made iiroclamation ancient and quaint, calling upon "all manner of persons who owe suit and service and view of frank pledge to draw near, give your attendance, and answer to your names." Mr. Vere- Davies, of Warrington, the deputy high steward, con- ducted the proceedings. The jury wore sworn in, and Mr. Thomas Wright, of Halton, was unanimously elected foreman, a capacity in which he has acted for many years. Officers of the court were duly appointed, and Mr. Davies gave an address. After the business was concluded, the jury eat down to a good dinner, pro- vided by the high bailiff, and the chief toast was " The - Bing, as Lord of the Manor."

• wee concluded, tlre jury ~:and by tho high bail

===== 0002601_19081224_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ETRE END.) . _ NASAL CATARRH and difficult Breathing. A CERTAIN CURE.

~ singing: Nasal Catarrh commences by running at the nose " Our goslings go the meadow., inflammation of the mucus membrane of that organ and To eat the fresh new grass, throat teing influenced, followed by a stopping up of Oh, fie upon the sly fox! tho air vesicles of the lungs and inflammation of the Who bites them as they pa2s." bronchial surfaces • developing generally into catanhal bronchitis or asthma, with a dry or louse cough and They stand, and the fox proceeds to try to difficult breathing. catch one of the goslings, w bile the goose, The safest and most certain remedy for conditions with outstretched arms, protects then]. The like these is Veno's Lightning Cough Cure, a medicine goslings must hold each other, and keep in which acts directly on the miens surfaces, relieves their line as the goose wheels about. As the irritation and the stopped up feeling, clears the bron- ”oslings are caught they join the rim When chin' tubesand air vesicles, and drives catarrh thorougly all have neen cauplt. the first captiV, be- out of the system. Veno's Lightning Cough Cure can cornea fox and six others from the ring ba- be obtained for Nd., Ls. l Hid 2.5.9 d., of all chemists. come goslinr's &. • u.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

THZ QUEEN_ AS Gni EXPERT._

The Queen considerably surprised the gen- tleman in chary of the jewellery section at the New Queensland Offices the other day, writes a London correspondent, by her wide knowledge of gems and their qualities. He has just had the honour of selling to the Queen a large tourmaline—a tourmaline being a stone scarcely to be distinguished from the emerald in its brilliancy and green colour. On this occasion and on d previous one he has talked at length with the Queen on the subject, and was surprised at the ex- tent of her Majesty's information. The Queen admired the orange sapphires from the Anti- ' podes very much, and added that she had al- ways believed blue to be the necessary colour of sapphires. Queensland, it seems, produces not only orange and blue, but pure white, green, and yellow sapphires. The Queensland gem specialist was not quite sure of the Queen's identity when she first inspected his gems. "Her Majesty," said he, was 60 simple and unaffected in manner that for fully five minutes I was in doubt whether she might not be a lady-in-attendance on the Queen." A SMART PARTY SUIT.

Moat of us, I fancy, are in the thick of children's parties, dances, and similar festivi- ties by now, and children's party attire has grown to be quite an important matter for the time being. Our sketch shews a particu- larly smart and natty little velveteen suit,

..._ --- .•

specially designed with a view to such dis- sipations. It is carried out in velveteen of good quality (velvet may be used if liked, of course), which may be blank, white, or of some pretty colour, according to individual taste. The little coat is quite plain, fastens at the neck, but opens a little lower down, and shews a smart and most manly waistcoat of white piqué or silk. From the neck turns back a wide collar of the finest and most gossamer lawn, edged all round with lace, which is most effective when it is of rather a heavy type, such as Irish crochet or imitation Venetian point. The little trousers are wide at the top, but fit closely about the knees. This suit looks particularly well earritml„ out in grey velveteen.

e:„ V y Ag,

; ,4to - • P. 14 4, - • P-74'011vA-2. \.O

===== 0002601_19081224_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY INDOOR FROCK.

Pictured in our illustration is a particularly pretty and becoming frock for smart after- noon wear. It is realised in fine cloth of medium weight, and of a charming shade of mole—rather a light tone, with more brown than grey in its composition. The cloth part of the bodice is cut away to the merest no- thing, leaving simply a strap over each shoul- der and just a small amount of cloth under the arms and in front. Inside this cloth bodice comes a gathered under-bodice of the softest satin charmeuse in exactly the sarre shade. Juside _ azain_earnes _a •diritrty itttte chemisette of Irish crochet, white, of course, finished with a thick ruffling of net at the

top. The sleeves are almost tight-fitting, and are of full leng,th. A sash belt of mole satin defines the waist, and is drawn into a buckle in front, from which hang two very long ,tas- el led ends of the satin. The skirt is quite plain, rather high-waisted, very long all round, and slightly trained at the back.

(-141 sri

ii

.ft

11' ;pit! it ;! I Lill

: ,•.., .. 4 or , ....,., T , \\ . '4 /i I . • :.:iza - .'.-' P..' .1‘ . it \ ' 1•1 il .11 1, . lgi - •1 k 11111 1 li\ . \ \ .t. --s--,:ib•—\\\*s.,,'---- \\l'ri.i it , .r '.l tit

===== 0002601_19081224_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REIGN OF THE COESGTIERE.

There never was a time when fashions better befriended the corsetihT, declares tire Queen. She is consulted. before dressmaker or tailor, and yet, with all her skill, she can- not make a fat woman thin, though it is per- fectly wonderful what she can do towards making her appear so. The most skilled can- not make her look like a sylph. Hips must disappear and waists become flat. Of course, when the hips are strapped in by the long coutille bands, the waist must grow larger; the too solid flesh refuses to melt. The high- waisted and the princess grce.vns tend to half conceal the waist, and if the hips are flat the wearer can present a good appearance. Some thin women assist the staymaker by having the skirt attached to some wide belt which fits the figure, leaving the. skirt to hang in straight lines from the top, and the short- -waisted gown looks better when attached to its own girdle two or three inches above the normal waist. We have done with linings fcr skirts, which help in the crucial point o; the skirts setting well.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

AN EGO AND SPINACH DAINTY.—Wash a handful of fresh spinach leaves and poach them for a few minutes in butter. In the meantime prepare a teacupful of white sauce, made with a little butter and as much flour as the butter will absorb, milk, salt, pepper, a few drops of lemon juice, and, if possible, a dessert-spoonful of cream. Grate two ounces each of Gruyere and Parmesan, and stir half into the sauce. Butter a flat fire-proof French dish, lay the spinach leaves at the bottom, cover with the rest of the cheese, break three eggs carefully on the top, and pour sufficient sauce over them to cover them. Sprinkle with fine breaclerumbs, lay small pieces of butter over the top, and cook in a moderate oven.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGIITS RZSERVED.]

DICKENS AND THE CHRIST:ikIAS GHOST.

By Veronica. PRINTS THAT "TELL A STORY." The following paragraphs are extracted from an article in the "Photographic Monthly," and I commend them to readers who may fool-like drop their camera- work because it is winter-time. "Instead of laying the camera away when out-door work becomes unpleasant or uninteresting, or when the THE VANISHED GHOST STORY. shortness of these days makes it impossible to reach favourite scenes before the light is gone, it is a good The day has gone by when Christmas was thing to turn to a new field of work. In-door figure the period for thrilling the family by creepy studies, in which the sitters combine with their surroundings to "tell a story," are not nearly as talce of headless phantoms and skeletons with popular as they ought to be. They may be a very high rattling chains. Stories of haunted castles, and interesting form of art, or of a more ordinary mysterious corridors, and weird appearances " kiss-mammy " style, but in either case they appeal ,ft.s, the clock struck twelve are not part of our strengly to a very large class of people who care nothing for the advanced modern technique, and who literary fare to,day, and we no longer go to cannot appreciate the "soul " in pure landscape or bed in December, after supping on ghostly portraiture, unless they know the persons or places horrors, fearful of our shadow, startled by represented; but when a print "tells a story," the sound of mice 'in the wainscoting, and it appeals to all who can understand its message. The first requisite for success in this work is Inclined to the eerie fancy that every dark a simple, direct " message" that appeals to as corner rustles with the presence of an unseen many people as possible. If the interest of the phantom. It is typical of our day, which "story "demands a knowledge of advanced literature, q ittle; that a Greek rnynhology, or ancient fable, it will not appeal knows so much and believes so l to so many people as if it deals with one of the common ghost story is speedily scouted as an old sentiments. In the pictures chosen to illustrate those wife's tale, and the appearance of an appari- notes the sentiments are familiar ones—remorse and tion is simply ascribed to an injudicioua uriosity. The success of the pictures depends upon the way in which the snbjects have been handled, for supper, violent indigestion, and the night- there is but a stop between pathos and bathos, and a mare following on both. very usual fault in photographic story-telling is the The last man to wish to turn baek the forced sentiment and exaggerated action or expression which brings to the verge of the ridiculous that which world to the days when it was violently super- ought to be sublime. eti Hots's, to the days when people ran past When we compare pictures that "tell a story," that churchyards and eroesed themselves in fear of are full of interest for everyone, with the " family witchcraft, I cannot lot the ghcst go Olt of groups "too often made by the amateur, we shall find that success depends upon (a) harmony of sitters and Christmas without a pang. It is so peculiarly surrounding ; (b) occupation of arrangement of sitters; characteristic, and its disappearance is al- (0) simplicity of costume and setting ; (d) lighting, most as awful in its sacrilege as would be the The ordinary family group in an interior shows sitters bored, with rigid expressions, self-conscious and sudden withdrawal of the turkey, the plum= camera-conscious ; doing nothing but sit for their pudding, the old port, or the Christmas pictures ; set in surroundings set in glittering details cracker. Christmas without a ghost story is of furniture wall-paper, pictures and bric-a-brae, and almost as barren as Christmas without a visit usually lightedsharshly and much under-exposed. 'I base from Santa Claus without A Yule-log to troubles arise from the attempt to photograph the crackle in the ruddy grate, without a stolen people in the room they generally occupy, and in the part of the room (around the fire-place or a centre-table) kiss under the hanging mistletoe, without a where they are most likely to be seen grouped. It is carol sung by treble voices on the cold, clear i far better to arrange a part of a room that is but little morning. It s interesting to notice that used, where all the preparations may be made and THE MAN WHO MADE THE ENGLISH CHRISTMAS, thought out before the sitters are introduced,and where the absence of any traditional place or pose for sitting and gave what is best to Christmas jollity, will leave the photographer more free to choose his knew the value of the Christmas ghost. No lighting. An upper room is better, because (a) less writer has ever lived who knew more about likely to be disturbed ; (b) usually better lighted ; (c) the creation of a Christmas atincsphere than likely to have simply-patterned and lighter wall-paper. Charles Dickens. No man better blended the The lightness helps towards soft shadows. If possible, tare and laughter of our mixed humanity ' a room with two or three windows, and preferably one into a Christmas tale. No man did more to with windows in two of its walls, should be chosen, graft on to his wonderful and very human For background the most useful thing is a good width 6 tor'es that spirit " of Christmas which is of white or unbleached calico, which will give a white when brought into the light ; or any shade of light or symbolised —by ' good feeling, good fellowship, dark when retired somewhat into the shadow, Rolls of and good cheer. He sent the note of peace carpet under-lay paper are useful; and if patterned and, good will and the gospel of unselfishness backgrounds are wanted, there is nothing better than a radiating through the world; and he did it, cretonne, or a madras muslin mounted on stiff brown I curiously enough, by using the ghost story as paper, and rolled on a wooden rod. An extra white ' a framework on which to build his jovial theme. , background for use as a reflector is very handy, and in I Dickens dealt in ghosts as well as he dealt 1, all cases these should be rolled (not folded) so that they some love of a big-hearted, companionable in everything. His love of ghosts is the whole- ! ' will hang without creasing. A couple of tall easels or I stands, eight feet high, to take background and i reflectors, will complete the outfit. man who clung to' the older, simpler plea- . Furniture should be that in use in the house; pictures sores of the hearth. Writers insist on the and knick-knacks very few. Lighting can be varied to firsside quality of Dickens, and what better. almost any desirable extent in a room having windows or more enduring proof is there of I the fire- . with clear-light outlook in two of its walls, with the I ciile quality than hes fondness for ghosts and advantage of white reflectors on stands, and sometimes , gobliee, the heroce of most of the stories told I to the family to while away the long hours of 1 white paper on the floor. Exposure is a little difficult, but if a really Soft! winter evenings. Modern as we are, sceptical 1 lighting is secured by proper use of reflectors, a very . as we grow, there are pleasant English pie. few experiments, which may be made on the room and tur::s in the recollection of family groups who eat furniture, without sitters, will teach a very great deal. For an absolute beginner, any exposure-table will be a WITH LOWERED LIGHTS" great help, and even when one has ceased to be a before December fires beginner, an exposure meter that tests the light on a, retailing simple ' I ghostly stories, lone before every nook and cranny of the land wee 0 darkening strip of paper is very useful. Remember highlights ile i . old rule : "Expose for the shadows and thereached by a- regular , will take care of themselves " ; and remember that the supply of the printed word from the weekly difference in the power of light close to the window Frees. Dickens knew the close relation and at the opposite wall is much greater than it appears betAvcen the ghost story and the intimacy of to the eye. Also that the difference between the the hearth, and did not hestitate to use the lighted and the shadowed side of the face is much ghostly clement as the foundation for the greater than the untrained eye judges it is be. When wonderful messages of good cheer whieh give including the window, use backed plates to prevent him immortal place in the festivities of the halation. Eee,lish Christmas. In arranging your sitters, see that they dress as far In . the book that set the early seal on as possible in simple garments ; soft, textured, simple, graceful lined, and as free as may be from pattern, Dickens's success—" Picksvick Papers - "—We trimming and extreme of fashionable cut. Avoid harsh find the author experimenting three times contrasts of tone between one sitter and another. as with the ghost story which was finally to be- well as between sitter and backgrounds, unless the con- come the framework of one of his greatest trust is reeded for the sake of. emphasis. Let the ! triumphs—" A Chrietme.s Carol." Strictly sitters appear engaged in something definite, prefer- ! speaking, two of the threo stories in " Pick- ably a single occupation giving a separately suitable ! wick" are not Christmas stories, but both pose give a significant hint of the later manner of for every mem' cr of the party, and be sure that I they appear interested in their work, net in the camera. biekens, while the one plainly shows the To tantalise ligbting, and differences in costume, many , peculiar outlook end craft which was to be little dodges will occur. If one dress is too light and ! ,‘ 1 building " A Christmas Carol." The -ioal t---- eterA, -put i tot from-tiro -w Ile indow, and somewhat i -1. li- in the shadow thrown by another sitter. If one-rale- i-I-ICats-atalq whiClt is told in ".Pickwick" is too subdued, bring it near the light is "he Bagman's' Story." It was told the Peacock, at Eatanswill, to the company in- and perhaps arrange behind it some piece of background I or accessory that contrasts with it in tone. A host of assembled, includieg Mr. Tunisian and Mr. little difficulties and little triumphs over Snodgrass. The man who told it was "a them will give constant variety to the occupation, . stout, hale personage ,of about forty, with and much planning and arranging can be done in the I only one •eye—a very bright, black eye, which evening times when there is not enoughlight for photo- twinkled with a roguish exPression of fins and graphing ;or evening at night by using one or two gOod humour," and he claimed to be the lamps near the window to gire the general effect of day nephew of the hero of his story—the delight- lighting. In conclusion ; when suitable sitters are not ful Tom Smart. The second is obtainable, many delightful tableaux may be arranged, on a small scale, by the use of some of the excellently , A REAL CHRISTLIAS GHOST STORY, modelled figures of men and beasts that are now to be : told at the Christmas party held at old bought in time fancy shops for a few pence. They ID" ' Niardle''; Man-or lt the history of even be photographed at night, by means of one or two . - Farm. was . oil or gas lamps, as has been explained in detail in Gabriel Grub, told by Mr. Wardle himself, many past issues of this magazine. As for technical when matters, development, etc., they are just the same as buff," "they were all tired of blind man's and after they had "sat down by the for any other class of work, and the formulas are all to hugs fire of blazing logs, to a substantial be found in " The Photographic Annual." supper and a mighty bowl of wassail, some- -- thing smaller than an ordinary washhouso copper." The third story was told by the ione-eyed Bagman to Mr. Pickwick in person, and again the hero of it was the convivial Tom Smart, "cue of the merriest, pleasantest fellows that ever his-ed." On this night, the one-eyed man was discovered drinking a bowl of bishop with the landlord of the, Bush at Drietol, and we are afraid that his story must be taken with a . grain of salt. Mr. Weller summed the ' one-eyed man up very carefully. • " He's a queer customer, the vim- eyed run, sir," observed Mr. Weller to Mr. PickWiek, as he led him to the room. a-gammonin' that. 'ere landlord, he is, sir, till he don't • rightly know. whether he's a-standing on the soles of his boots or the crown of his hat." I am afraid the one-eyed man gaminoned Mr. Pickwick, too. Space scarcely permits even a casual review of these stories ; but the " Pickwick Papers " are a national property, and generation after generation must have read every line. But there are several interesting points about these stories in view of the more character- istic talcs which were to follow. The ma- chinery of the stories is much the same. In the first story of the Bagman, the chair in li!s bedroom turns into

littlO

JANUARY.

THE PHOTOGRAPHIC MONTHLY.

(THE PHOTOGRAM), SYSTEM IN DEVELOPMENT, PICTORIAL POSTCARDS WITH OZOBROME, A MONO- RAIL DAYLIGHT ENLARGER, THE NEW "ENSYNA " PAPER, AND MANY OTHER ARTICLES.

WELL ILLUSTRATED.

PRICE SD.

POSTA.GE FREE, 4113.

DAWBARN & WARD, LTD.,

6, FARRINGDON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C. A4ed Rallwas Thefts. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, John Morton and James Walton, bcth_ of Monki-street,were

charged with stealing from the Froghall siding of the London and North-Western Railway Company, on Sunday morning last, 35 squares of jelly valued at ss. Cd., the property of the railway company,—Mr. A. Eddy, Euston, prosecuted on behalf of the railway, company and stated that on Sunday morning, both defendants were seen by lileectives Clarke and Eddridge I A GRINNING OLD MAN,' to run away from a van in the Eroghall siding. The the inference being that Tom Smart, under defendant Walton wits caught. From inquiries made the influence of supper and hot grog, fell t #as ascertained that defendants both lived at 13, , asleep and dreamt the details. In the Monk-street. The detectives searched the house and second story about the liagman's uncle, found goods which were likely to form the .subjects of Tom Smart has certainly been pursuing other charges against the two priseners. He there- Ids convivial habits, for cm returning distinctly told that he fore asked for a remand for eight days 'in order to home we are "walked u the middle of the street with a make inquit les.— Detective Clatke was called and gave 13 - evidence to the effect that he and Detective Eddridge iumb • each waistcoat pock3t, indulging were on duty at the Froghall siding. At about sow,." It was in this connection that a lot from time to time in . variotia shatchea ot 1.40 a.m., he saw the defendant Walton, leave a van..! of Obld omeho„, Witness gave chase and caught him, but Walton standing in a space used by a knccked him out with hard wear on the highway—suddenly down and gel free. Witness, however, wheelwright—old and aecrepit coaches, worn recaptured him and took him to the police station. I 1, became ...bright, now, clattering coaches. Later, in company with Sergeant Stuart he went to peopl,,d with the bucks and beauties of 13, Monk-street, and knocked at the door. They , another generation. It is significant that Tom received no answer the fir.t. time. Sergeant Stuart Smart found himself again—quite sober—ap- called OD the inmates to °Fen the door and Morton l parently having fallen asleep in one of the thefenpon did so. They searched the house and old vehicles. In Mr. Wardle'a story or found 41 cheeses, a keg of butter, a lady's fur coat, Gabriel Grub the sour old sexton W:l6 dig- and a quantity of coke. T ° They conveyed Morton to the ging a grave on Christmas Eve, and 'fortifying I dice station and charged him with the theft which he himself from a wicker bottle, when he was denied. They also charged Walton and he said that suddenly haled away by goblins, who kicked he knew nothing about it. The remand was granted. the gravedigger into a proper frame of mind. When Gabriel Grub found' himself, he was lying full length on a cat gravestone in the churchyard. Now, in three' of there ghost stories there are general Points of similarity. The whole three men who had ghostly relationships dreamt them. And, further, the ghosts were mostly jovial and 'amiable ghosts, with the exception of Toni Smarts fellow-passenge.s in the mail coach. But in Gabriel Grub's experiences we get the ghost story with a moral, which is distinctly the germ of " A 'Christmas Carol." - Gabriel Grub was an " cross-grained, surly fellow ; moroso and lonely man, who consorted with nobody but himself and an old„wicker bottle, which fitted into his deep waistcoat pocket, nd who eyed each merry face. as it missed him by, Wail ueii a deep fSCOWi of malice end ill-humour as it was difficult to meet witheut feeling something the worse for."

===== 0002601_19081224_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
BY GEORGE EDGAR.

PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES.

A Ito,freshing Drink and a Sustaining Food.

•EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

Sold by all Grocers, in . packets and tins.

RAILWAY RING.

An excellent game for, the tiny tots is the "Railway Ring." Thread a small curtain ring on to a piece a string, and tie the ends. Boys and girls form a ring, holding the string in front of them. One player stands in the centre. Those in the ring, raise their hands, with a swinging side-to-side motion, ,and sing, to any well-known tune that fits: • ‘Johnny to, town has never been, .The. big wide world has. never .seen; He longs to see the great machine . That travels along the railway." *e circle of string is the railway. The ring is the machine! which Johnny, in the centre, tries to catch sight of as it is passed stealthily from hand to band. When he can call out the name of the child whose hand is covering it, he takes the place of the detected one, who becomes Johnny, and the game starts again.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
FAIRY BELLS.

A good, lively game for boys and girls is called "Fairy Bells." For this, a little tinkling bell is required. A boy stands in the centre, and all nisi other players form a ring round him. They stand shoulder to shoulder, with their hands behind them, singing: "Fairy bells are ringing, Fairy voices singing; Brother mortal, can you tell . - Where is now the fairy bell?

As they sing, they pass the bell about be- hind them, shaking it c.s it goes. When the centre-boy can detect the possessor of the bell he calls out the name, and the, two change places. Should the child in the centre now be a girl, the word " sister " is substi- tuted for brother" in the verse.

THE MOUSE HUNT. For the very little ones ylent .of 'boisterous fun - is provided by the Hunt.'- All the players stand in a ring, with the exception of two, one of whom is Pussy, the other Mouse. The hunt starts with the Mouse inside the ring and Pricsy outside. Pussy has to catch Mouse; but while those in the ring make way for Mouse es she darts in and out, under, their clasped bends, they re- main still when Pussy comes, refusing to give her any assistance. When Mouse is caught the pair between whom, she last passed be- come Pussy and Mouse.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GRANDMOTHER'S BAG.

An exceedingly merry game for players of all ages is the • one called "My• Grand- mother's Bag." The leader sits facing the line of players, and addresses the opening re- mark to the first of the line, who must re- peat the remark and add on to it the name of some article. For example: Leader be- gins: "I packed my grandmother's bag with a hair-brush. First player repeats: "I packed .my grkndmother's bag with • a hair -brush and a toast-rack" (or any article). Second player immediately takes it up: "I packed my grandmother's bag with hair-brush, a tcast-rack, and a feather." This is repeated by the next piny r. who, in turn, adds on another article, till list srow- ing longer and funnier with each repetition. The player who fails to repeat the list of articles correctly pays a forfeit.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROSE QUEEN.

A graceful ring game, .of the sentimental kind, is "The Wee Queen."- The players form a ring. In the -centre stands a boy, holding a wreath of paper rc!7es. The ring mov'es round, singing (to any well-known tune which fits):

" Who shall he your Rose Queen? Who shall wear the crown? s Every girl is longing; Fling your roses down." They istand, and the boy advances to the chosen girl, bending the knee, and flinging the wreath at her f.ect. She picks it up, and the pair go into the centre, while the ring moves round, singing : "Eva (or any other) is our Rose Queen, Queen of hearts to-day. Crown her with your reses, Kiss her tears away." The girl is crowned and kissed, and th% pair join the ring. The next boy then goes to the centre, and the game starts again. -

===== 0002601_19081224_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUSHING DOWN.

A game provoking shrieks of laughter—a favourite among the young folks of- Germany —is. called " Brushing Down." The players stand .clese togetlper in a • ring, with their hands behind them, so as to conceal an ordi- nary clothes 'brush, which is passed from one to. another. In the centre stands the one who is supposed to require a good brush down. It is his task to obtain possession of the brush. The fun grows louder and merrier as he turns from one to another, only to receive a brisk brushing on the back from another direction. When he succeeds in securing the brush, he takes the place of the possessor, who in turn goes into the centre.

FOX AND GEESE.- , Another game full of fun and excitement h called "Fox and Geese." In the centre of a ring of children .stand one called the fox. Facing the fox is another player, called the goose, with six players as gcslings standina behind her in line. 'nue in the ring 'wit& round

===== 0002601_19081224_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
~,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

(ii7i7Z?// //////b

DAI LY NEED Scarcely a day passes with- ut some member of the family ;etting hurt. Maybe the )read-winners work makes him peculiarly liable to cuts or lacerations ; the boisterous ?oungsters are always running to mother with bumps and Jruises ; and housework a- bounds with painful knocks, burns, scalds, and sprains. Promptly dressing an injury with Zam-Buk not only means speedy relief from smarting pain, but also that your hurt will heal up quickly and perfectly, with- out harbouring disease germs. Pin your faith to Zam-Buk, keep a box alwayshandy for -ts that will happen. 119, or 416 a box.

MAKE *:[ .. \ ' $,... and kc, /accidents. / / / '• A ,-,--...„)

===== 0002601_19081224_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
BY ANITA GIBSON.

br ishaps taniank

_ I _

===== 0002601_19081224_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
V

===== 0002601_19081224_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THAT WINTER COUGH! -- Cold Weather Scourge Banished by Peps.

- Thousands of people dread the arrival of the cold weather because they know it means for them a return of that awful winter cough. First they begin with a dry barking cough winch makes the chest sore and .-eltakee the whole franc. Night and day the victim is -torn by this winter cough which lacerates the tender tissues of the throat in the constant endeavour t 3 expel the phlegm. To such the news of Science's latest discovery will lot, very welcome, for the unique Peps treatment provides at& idea! remedy for such • trouble. The medicinal fumes are inhaled, as Peps dissolve on the tongue, and have a powerful stimulating and tonic effect on the glands, which keep the throat and bronchial tubes moist and elastic. The hard barking cough at once softens, and the phlegm is loosened and expelled in Nature's own way, while breathing is made easy and deep. The most obstinate cough is conquered by Peps, • and an end is quickly put to the soreness and wheezi- ness caused by constant coughing. Free from the dangerous drugs and narcotics found in liquid cough-mixtures and common lozenges, Peps are safe alacc for old awl young. To old folk, especially, they are indispensable because they pre- • serve the priceless strength so often wasted by con- tinually coughing. Peps, which are sold by all chemists at is. lid. and 2s. 9d. a box, are recommended by doctors for coughs, colds, bronchitis, sore or relaxed throat, old-age cough, that hacking night cough, and chest troubles. The timely use of a few Peps will nip in the bud a bout of very serious coughing.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL FREE CHURCH COUNCIL Annual Meetings at Swansea.

The fourteenth Annual Council of the Evangelical Free Churches will be held in Swansea on March Bth, •oth, 10th and 11th, 1909. The arrangements are now being pressed forward, and the variety of the subjects to be delivered and the importance of the proceedings will appeal to Free Churchmen all over the Kingdom. The Sessions and Demonstrations will be held in the Albert Hall, and the Churches in Swansea and district 'will be also used for public meetings. Rev. Evan Jones, of Carnarvon, will preside. Sermons will be preached by Hey. David Brook, M.A., D.C.L., Rev. J. H. Jowett, ILA., Rev. H. Elvit Lewis. M.A., Rev. G. Campbell Morgan, M.A., D.D. Rev. Thomas Phillips, 13. A., and Rev. T. Rhondda, Williams. # Amongst the important subjects that will be brought forward for consideration are the following :—" Theo- logical Unrest and Organised Christianity " by Rev. W. B. Selbie, M.A., "The Historical Contribution of the Church to Social Reform " by Professor A. E. Garvie' M.A., D.D.," The Relative Duty of the Church and of the State to Poverty" by Rev. J. Scott Lidgett, , M.A., President of the Wesleyan Conference, The Brotherhood Movement and the Churches" by Rev. Harry Bisseker, "The Alarming Developments of Modern Romanism" by Rev. Joseph Hocking, " Report of the Liverpool Commission" by Mr. Arthur Black, " Con stitution Resolution" by Mr. Robert Whyte and Rev. -George Hooper, "Rev. F. B. Meyer, 8.A.0n his Mission Tour in South Africa," " The Influence of Present Day Life on Personal Religion," "The Place of Evangel in the Ministry of To-day." The Education Question, the Licensing Question and the House of Lords will probably receive prominent attention. The Official Report of the year's work will be presented by the Secretary, Req. Thomas Law. The adoption of the Report will be moved by the Rev. John McNeill. The Finance Report and Balance Sheet will be pre- sented by the Chairman of the Finance Cammittee, Sir J. G. Compton-Rickett, M.P., D.L. At the Devotional Session the Rev. Charles Brown (President of the Baptist Unson) and Rev. R. F. Horton, M.A., D.D., will deliver addresses. The social side of these gatherings will be emphasized on Monday evening, March Bth, when a Reception will be given to the delegates by the Mayor of Swansea. A Special Conference for Free Church Council Secre- taries and a Conference of Women Workers will also be held. The evening Public Meetings to be held in Swansea include the following :—Young People's Demonstra- tion, English Free Church Demonstration, Welsh Free Church Demonstration, Missionary Meeting, Women's Meeting and Temperance Meeting. The following among others are expected to take part .in these gatherings :—Sir S. T. Evans, N.C., M.P., Rev. Newton J. Marshall, M.A., Ph.D., Sir Alfred Thomas, M.P., Rev. Thomas Hughes, Mr. W. Macalpine J.P., Rev. R. Wardlaw Thomson, n.D., Rev. A. T. GAtery, Dr. John Clifford, Mrs. Lloyd George, Mrs. W. S. Caine, Mrs. Herbert Lewis, Mrs. George Cadbury, Mrs. H. 'Price Hughes, Mrs. Princ. Edwards, and Mrs. Charlotte Benham. It is being arranged for Public Meetings to be held on the closing Thursday night in all the towns near Swansea. The speakers who will take part in the Public Demonstrations and Sessions at Swansea, and the District Meetings, will include the leaders of all • the denominations in addition to those already announced. The well-known hospitality of Swansea will be taxed to the utmost to provide for the large number of repro- ' sentatives expected. As on past occasions, it is expected that fare and a quarter rates will be afforded by the Railway Companies. Membership Tickets, etc. will be issued by Rev. Thomas Law at the National Council Headquarters, Memorial Hall, London, E.C. Shop Theft. At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, Albert -Edward Allen, residing at 20, Lythgoes•lane, was charged with stealing a ladies' coat, valued at 4s. 6d. from the shop of Messrs. Park and Bowdon, Butter-' market-street, at about 8.30 the previous night.—The Chief Constable stated that about five past ten the previous night P.C. Burrows was on duty in Butter- market-street whsn he saw the prisoner standing opposite the Waggon and horses Inn with the jacket over his arm. The constable asked him where he not it from, and prisoner said be had bought it. The constable took prisoner to Messrs. Park and Bowden's shop, and they thereupon recognised the coat as one which had been stolen earlier in the evening.—John Bowden was called and said he was partner in the 'shop at 30, Buttermarket-street. At 8.30 the previous - night the coat was seen hanging outside the shop on a -coat hanger. Ile was quite sure the coat had not been sold to the prisoner. —ln answer to the charge prisoner said he was going home to his lodgings,when he was stopped by a man who offered to sell him the coat. He gave him eightpenca for it. —Prisoner, who had been 6 tints previously before the courts, was sent to gaol for one mouth with hard labour.

r4OTHER

711' es VI . 'l-'-=,', ,• y, / t/ T 6, V ' • ..- ',,. . ,i , f',--.,,,....:::,. s- e-,3, 1 15. . , , /if, ! , :,..5,x0":":., •,.....; -7•17-ZF:77. ...ae. ,iii ~ ;,f.•-. -:''./ -..---- ,;W,,,,,.... ' •c . nyit4, - ..20---- • fett: MAY' - •V "7". . • ' , : 1„-',.,e ....-tif ''.. 44, • "•'. -,... 5 . K_e-,, ,y( 4 --ik i.) .0 ' ~ q 44 ..trath,c67o. . „Its, ,1..„2,6. ~ t This happy mother, like thousands ,tt of others, believes in nothing so - much as Mother Seigel's Syrup. The ' ,- days when household work was a burden and the least exertion 4 3 painful, when even her own children 1 irritated her, are a long way behind. 1. f. So are the headaches, the nasty t t taste, the heartburn, the dizziness : end the constant feeling of fatigue. f• They vanished like a bad dream ~ the day the first bought Mother ' Seigel's Syrup, and they will stay •!, - away as long as Mother Seigel's • , Syrup has a place in her cupboard. It is the standard remedy for In- digestion and Liver Disorders, and - the regular family medicine in bun- ; dreds of thousands of British homes. . ' Good for mother. Good for father. 1 - Good for all the family I L,L, ' Mother Seigel's Syrup is uotv prepared ' ' ' in Tablet Yore as Mother Seigel's , _Syrup Tablets 2/9 per bottle.

0,1

===== 0002601_19081224_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SEIGEL'S

SYRUP

WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

THE FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee was held at the rown Hall on Monday evening, Councillor J. Fulton-Smith presiding. There were also present :—Aldermen Evans, Bennett and Ellison, Councillors Pemberton, Wilkinson, Lord, Dickenson, Nield, Revs. Canon Stevenson and James Davies, Miss Williams, Messrs. If. Roberts, C. S. Burgess, H. Kingdon, R. 'l'. Fairclough, A.. 1. Jolley, E. Plinston, J. Upson, G. Walker, T. P. Bradshaw, J. Moore Murray (director of education), and R. B. Roberts (assistant director). NEW SCEIOOL MANAGER 3.

The DIRECTOR read a letter from the correspondent of the Sacred Heart schools stating that the Rev. John Roche and the Rev. John Crotty, having removed from Warrington, had resigned their plsitions of foundation managers of those schools,and the foundation managers had appointed in their places the Rev. Thomas Marrs (Oar Lady's, Latchford), and the Rev. Patrick lValshe (Sacred Heart, Warrington).

===== 0002601_19081224_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
(.13NAID:Zte[6g FOITEI TZICIE33.

The Fiaanoe Cynnitoo resolved that authority be given for the salaries for thl rnint!l of December to be paid before the Christmas holidays. Mr. JOLLY moved and Mr. BURGESS seconded the adoption of the minutes. Mr. UPSON expressed the thanks of the toachers for the thoughtful consideration the committee bad shown thorn in paying the salaries before the Christmas ho lidays. The minutes were approved. SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. PROPOSED ALTERATION OF PUPIL TEACHER

===== 0002601_19081224_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
SYSTEM.

At a meeting of the School Management Coma ittee a letter was read from the Board of Education in refer- ence to the Committee's proposal to amalgamate the two Girls' departments et the Fairfield school, and the Director was requested to draft a reply thereto for submission to the Committee at their next meeting. It was resolved (a) That, in view of the altered con- ditions governing admission to Training Colleges and of the difficulty which is being experienced by pupil teachers at the end of their engagements in gaining admission to colleges, the Committee regret that they will have to take into consideration the desirability of discontinuing the present pupil teacher system ; and (to) that the director be requested to report to the Committee at their next meeting upon the whole question. A communication from the Earl of \Loath (which had been forwarded by his Worship the Nltyor)—ia refer- enoo to the celebration of " Crapiro Day," 1903—was submitted, and it was decided to inform the Ntlyor that the Committee will be prepared to make similar arrange- ments for the celebration of the occasion in the schools to those made in previous years, It was noted that an instalment of grant for the school year 1037-3, amounting to £175, had been paid by the Bard of I!: liostion to the Governors of the Wirrington Gram net School. Carson SCEVE•AiON move' and the Rsv.JtMs D.i.y IE3 seconlel the passing of the minutes. Mr. On as'ca 1 for particulars of th a letter from the Board of Eluottioa with reference to the amalgamation of the two deprtments of b'airaeld school.

the I

Toe CD URNS iN Slid the correspontorme was not quite finished. Toe S3hool Nitnngemsnt Committee hid sent tneir reply through the Direator and it was likely that another commonication from the Bard of Education would h 3 r.quirei and the whole thing would be sub. nutted to the committee La tato. Councillor LORD referred to the minute with refer- ence to the grant being received by the governors of the Grammar School from the Board of Education. He would like to know whether the Board of Elucation supplied the Committee with copies of the reports they sent to the governors of the school and if not, did the Committee require the governors to furnish them with copies ? He meant the reports on the efficiency of the scnool, . .

The C11,111211,1N : This is meraly an interim grant. It is not a final grant. The DIRECTOR said the Committee had not had any reports from the Board of Education on the Grammar School but he believed the governors of the Grammar School had had copies of letters to the Committee on the con duct of the Secondary School. He presumed in the case of a report the Committee would receive a copy from them. Mr. BURGESS, as a repressntative of the Grammar School, said the origin il report made by his NI tjesty's Inspector was sent to the Committee fonr years ago and there hid been no inspection of thu school by the Board of Education since then. . . .

Councillor PEMBERTON : How is the grant obtained? Is it not made on the efficiency of the school ? If so, how is the efficiency arrived at ? The DIRECTOR : The inspections are made every three years. Councillor PEMBERTCII: Is it true the Education Committee received a copy of the report lr. Bargees referred to ? The Drnacrort said the committee received report made on the inspection of the school with a view to its coming under the Board of Education. Mr. BURGESS : That's the only one there has been. .

Councillor PEMBERTON : 'Mutt report on the ethel- cube of the school do they make the grants upon ? The CITAIRMIN : I believe the inspection is expected every day and the report will come before us. The DIRECTOR explained that after the first inspec- tion the grants were to be paid for three years and re-assessed at the end of that period. Mr. ROBERTS said that as the result of the inspection, the Board of Education made certain conditions which had to be complied with as a condition of receiving a grant. Those conditions involved certain structural alterations and an aldition to the curriculum and staff of the school and subject to the governors complying with them the Board of Education recognized the school as a secondary school entitled to a grant which would be payable until a further inspection had been made as to the efficiency of the school generally, having regard to the changes. If the school was found to be inefficient the grant would in all probability be docked or stopped. Councillor LORD : Do I understand these grants are made for throe years and are not dependent at all upon he efficiency of the school ? Are they different from he elementary schools and the technical schools ? . . . .

The Drßucrioa said the Socondary school, the School of Art, and the Grammar school were all on the same lines. An inspection was made and for three years the grant was allowed to go on. Mr. Upsos said gr. Burgess assured him that the school had been visited by inspectors but no report h id been made on the work. They had satisfied themselves that the work was efficient.

Canon STEVENSON referred to the decision of the Committee to consider the desirability of discontinuing the present pupil teacher system and adopting the bursar and student teacher system, oMterving that it was a matter which affected the future of a good many of their young people. The School Management Com- mittee had unanimously decided that the time had now come when they must make a change from the old pupil teacher system to the new system of bursars and student teachers. That was to say that a bay after four years at a Secondary School,on passing an examina- tion became what was called a bursar, which meant that he had another year in the Secondary school. After that he might become a student teacher and employ himself mainly in the work of one of the schools in the town, to learn the business of teaching, or he might enter a training college at once. The former of these methods was usually adopted. The reason why the Committee's hand was forced to make the change was that the bursars at the conclusion of their bursary year passed the preliminary certificate examination which qualified them to enter a training college. They then applied to some college and, if satis- factory, they were promised admission, whereas the pupil teachers had to work on for another year before they passed the preliminary certificate examination, and when they had passed it was quite possible they might find all the colleges already full, and through no fault of their own would be unable to airt admission. There- fore though to many of the Committee the old pupil teacher system seemed the better of the two, yet they felt it was impossible for them to fight against the general htrearn of tendency of opinion in the country, and as almost every education authority had adopted the new system, they must not I lace their young people at a great disadvantage, and they therefore felt they were bound to adopt the new idea. The minutes were approved. THE FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION QUESTIOg.

At a meeting of the School Attendance Committeem a matter of urgency, it was reported that the resolution passed by this Committee at their last meeting in connection with the arrangements for the feeding of school children, had been referred back to the Education Committee by the Town Council, and, after some discussion, it was resolved, (a) That, in view of the fact that between 600 and 700 children attending public elementary schools in the Borough had been reported by the Head Teachers to be unable, by reason of lack of food, to take full advantage of the education provided for them, and that the work of providing the meals could not be commenced until February or !starch next, if the ordinary procedure were to be adopted, a deputation, consisting of the Chairman of this Com- mittee and the Chairman of the Education Committee be appointed to wait upon His Worship the Mayor and the Town Clerk, with a view, if possible, to obtaining sanction to proceed with the arrangements as speedily as possible; (b) that, in the event of this sanction being received, authority be given for the immediate purchase of the apparatus which has already been approved by this Committee ; nod that the Sub-Com- mittee be empowered to complete the arrangements so that the meals may be supplied as soon as possible; and (c) that the committee's previous resolution be re-affirmed,

On the recommendation of the Sub-Committee, it was further resolved that the following articles be purchased, viz. a soup boiler at a cost of £l7 12s. 6d. and a porridge boiler at a cost of £25 ; (b) 4 pate boxes at a cost of £3 11s. ; (c) 4 bread boxes a': a cost of £2 us. ; (d) 1 broad cutter at a cost of £l 54. 6d. ; (e) 1 potato peeler at a cost of £2 18s. 6d. ; and (f) 15 dozen mugs at Is. Bd. a dozen ; also that an advertisement be issued inviting applic Along for the post of male cook, at a weekly wage of 30s. The suggestions for the establishment of Children's Dining Roo us were submitted and approved. -Acid +' ` the Board of Education had given

===== 0002601_19081224_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
IkLL RIGILTS RESILtiVED.j

BEVERLEY'S CHRISTMAS GIFT.

BY HAROLD BINDLOSS.

It was a nipping November evening, and neither light nor dark, for a half-moon rose

It was no that the Board ot their sanction to the borrowing of money for the pur- I above thee moors as the day died out, when pose of providing out of the rates for the cost of the 1 Lance Beverley drove his motor along a food required. ! lonely North Country road. It swung up and A letter was read from the Board of Education i down the hillsides with a deep valley on one calling attention eo the excess of the average attend- . side of it, and, though he was not an cspeci- ance in the mixed department of the Silver-street ally prudent man, Beverley laid his hand on Wesleyan school during the past school year over the ' n.t. The road down a e recognised accommodation, and it was noted that : the brake as the instructions had been given to the managers of time sharp descent with a bend in car went humming it. : school to safeguard against similar excess during the ; Was not a good one, and he had not been that current year. ' way before. Indeed, though born in that It was also noted that the Board of Education had country, he had only been in England a celled attention to the fact that the average attendance month or so, and was far from sure that it in the boys' department of the Belmont Council school would suit him to settle down there, as every- during the past school year had been in excess of the bode evidently expected him to do. recognised accommod then, and that steps had been Ire had gone out a very young man to the taken to prevent a recurrence of this. Dominion of Canada, and had done by no Alderman ELLISON moved and Mr.PLINSTON seconded . means badly for himself, while now, when he the adoption of the minutes. least expected it, a kinsman had left him Mr. UPSON asked if it would not be well if those gentlemen who were members of the Education Corn. some English property. The Beverleys had mittee and also of the Town Council were to attend the always been a trifle eccentric, and the dead committee meeting and express dissatisfactioa with man had so drafted his will that a match what the Ceminittee han done, if they felt dissatisfied, between Miss Nisbet, who sprang from them because the matter could then be properly and fully on her mother's side, and Lance Beverley ap- discussed, and their objections answered, rather than peered a very desirable thing. Lance fancied adopt the method of letting the subject go to the Town she was aware of this, while he was reason- Council and then sending it balk. Some members of ably sure that her mother would raise no the Council were very aseida ois in their attendance at serious objections if he asked for the lady's that committee, and he did not think they were ever hand, and he was then driving to a concert in called upon to move the sending back of minutes, because they were fully conversant with what had been a little town at which she was to sing. Still, done, and with the object underlying the minutes. It while he had learnt the value of money in seemed to him to be an unnecessary waste of time that the Dominion, he was not the man to be ' gentlemen who were members of the committee and did driven into marrying for it by anybody's will. not attend the meetings should go to the Council and The dip grew steeper, and when the car slid move that mire] tes be referred back, round the bend he clapped his Israke on hard, Councillor PENIBearON thought Mr. Upson was taking for there was a gleam of water down in the a position that was not suite feasible. It was quite hollow. In the lonely North Country streams competent for any Councillor who had not the time to are sometimes allowed to flow. across the attend the meetings or to whom the time of meeting moorland roads. There was also a slim figure was not convenient, to object to anything in the minutes when they came before the Town Council. He standing beside the shining streak of water, hoped Mr. Upson was not questioning the Town and when Lance pulled his ear up a girl who Council's power of veto. carried a music-case looked round with a Mr. UPSON : Not at all, little start. It was not quite dark yet, and Councillor PE:OM-Me said the came:lent made by the man, who fancied that she was pretty, Councillor Evans was siamlyand parely aquestion of the took off his cap. He had come from the cost vbich seemed to rimy of the Town Connell to be Colonies, and in any case the Beverleys were excessive. There was no question of principle involved. I never remarkably conventional. Mr. ROBERTS said Mr. Upson's suggestion was "You don't know how to get across?" he perfectly clear. His quarrel, if he had any quarrel at all, said. was with those members of the Council who were morn- A No," said the girl. "There used to be a bars of the Education Committee and never attended e lank at the side, but it has fallen in." meetings, but took advantage of the feet that they had 1-' not been present at the meetings when they might have " Well," said Beverley, "if you walk ascertained the true position of affairs, to take excep- through there you are going to get your feet, thou to what the Committee had done when the minutes ' very wet. I don't think there is any reason I came up for confirmation—a condition of things which ' shouldn't take you over." was not desirable and was not quite fair to the Corn- I The girl looked at him, and liked the mittee. Those members ot the Council ought either to twinkle in his eyes and his bronzed face. It attend the Committee and discuss there anything they was, she fancied, an honest as well as a some- wanted to discuss, or else resign from the Committee what forceful one; and, because she was one and hold a perfectly independent and free position as of the toilers to whom the world is hard, she members of the Council. was feeling bitter and a little reckless that Mr. PLINSTON pointed out that the members of the Committee had the agenda in their hands several days afternoon. Also, as it happened, there was a before the committee meeting, and therefore had full hole in one of her little shoes, and she hid opportunity to raise the matter, but in the case of one still four miles to walk. gentleman it was not taken until he wect to the Council 'No," she said, "I really don't think there meeting, where there was not the same chance of getting is." an explanation, and then he made charges which made-I Beverley stretched his hand out and swung that authority or the sub-committee that had the her up into the seat beside him, then started matter in hand look very foolish. The sub-committee the engine, and the car had rushed through was charged with wanting to pay 30s. each for cans, the water and was half way up the opposite and evidently members of the Council thought they slope before che thought of ie asked the man. getting down. were ordinary cans in which a person could carry his : dinner. The Council ought to credit the Committee "How far are you going? ' with having reasonable grounds for expending that ,To Thursby." money on cans, or, at any rate, they could Beverley laughed a little. "So am I. It ask for information. The Committee felt it very keenly would be 'most a pity to stop the car again. that there should have been such a discussion in the Still, if you wish it—shall I? ' Council when all concerned Vere doing their best to He looked at her inquiringly, and she won- meet the grievous question of making preparation for dered why she did not at once make a gesture eirrying out the Act. The result of the Council's of assent. Still, she did not make it. It was decision would, if it hed not been for the recommends. I . i tour miles to Thureby, and she was to earn a Lion of the Mayor and the Town Clerk, have meant that 1 e children to the number of several hundreds would have ' guinea by singing at a concert there, while been without proper food until the end of February, several things had brought the bitterness of poverty home to her during that afternoon. through no fault of that authority but of certain mem- bers of the Council who were in the majority at the : There was also nothing that suggested pro. last mooting. I sumption in the man's attitude, and for once Councillor aireete said it was indiscreet on the part in her hard life she flung prudence to the , of meibbers of the Town Council to say that the price ' winds. given for certain cans was too high, in as much as they "Well," he said "if hum." you'll wrap that fur had not seen those cans and it betrayed a sad want of h round you I'll let confidence when they decided that the sub-committee I The girl did as he suggested, and it was had displayed gross incomptency in the selection of i comforting to nestle in the padded seat under the articles. What amused him more than anything I the thick fur, for it was a bitter evening, and , else was that as an instauco in support of the extrava- gance of the Committee in the purchase of spoons • her jacket was thin. By-and-bye Beverley ! a Councillor produced a spoon which be said could be , turned to her again. supplied at 10.1. a dozen but on being tested by another I " You must be fond of walking," he said. Councillor, the spoon broke quite easily. (Laughter.) I "Folks seem to consider four miles rather a The Council showed its confidence in the mover of the long way in this country." rejection of the minutes by sending them back, as if the "It is necessary," said the girl. "I have spoon was not sufficient evidence in itself that the to be in Thursby this evening, and there was Councillor who brought the matter forward showed his a music lesson I had to give two girls near incompetency instead of proving the incomptency of the IScaleGarth is afternoon.kept metwenty this It Committee. (Laughter.) minutes too late for the train." Councillor DICKENS ON said he did not think for a " Then why didn't you finish it a little moment that there would have been a word said about sooner? " the spoons or the carts if a proper explanation had been given on the agenda. Where was the business man, " I wanted to, and came E 0 much earlier, who without knowing particulars, would pay Ns. each but my employer seemed to consider it a for cans ? He also said without fear of contradiction, liberty-." that the spoons were dear at 4s. 4d. a dozen. Beverley made a little gesture. "Well. I Mr. A. J. JOLLEY asked Alderman Ellison whether he I guess there are Apmen made that way, and thought the proposed supply of mugs would he they're the kind decent folks have no use adequate. It occurred to him, from what had fallen . for. Now I'm going to pull up to light the from several speakers in the discussion, that if an lamps. You want more things round you., , additional quantity was required, they might be Ile stopped the car, and masterfully packed obtained for an even lower rate than Is. Si, a dozen. (Laughter.) another wrapping about her, while, though the girl was never sure why she permitted it, 1 In reply to Mr. Burgess, the CIIAIR,ILtN said the necessary sanction tied been obtained to proceed with she did so. She was physically tired, for one 1 the work. thing, as well as cold and hungry, for she had Alderman Entseo, in reply, slid he thought 180 left home early, and had only a very scanty mugs would be sufficient for a time but he hid no doubt lunch that day, while there was also some- ! that if more were required they could be obtained, thing reassuring in the man's manner. She 1 (Laughter.) felt he could be trusted, and she would allow 1 Mr. J ottitY : Readily, herself this one adventure. Alderman ELLisosi pointed out that opposition to He lighted the big lamps, and they sped on the purchases was not expected at the Council meeting ! • - . In silence, with two shafts of radiance blaz- and therefore they could not give particulars. No i i doubt they would get through the work by and by but ng n front of them, over frosted moorland , it WAS being delayed very much by these set-backs, and through shadowy firs, until Beverley once . They had been at it twelve months and it was time more turned to his companion. I they began to work the Act. It had been a matter of - " You like motor-riding?" he asked. trouble and anxiety to the Committee, who were The girl laughed. ",I think I should; but strangers to the work and had to do it as well as they , it is the first time I ever tried it, and it is could. The Director had worked very hard to find out scarcely likely I shall have an opportunity of what had been done in other places and the Committee ' doing so again." had done their level best. The working of the Act was I " Well," said Beverley, "I never had any very much needed in the town. Ile was told the pre- time to play s at these things, either, until yeti, vious day of a case where children were sent to school lately. I was packed out of this country when , in the morning with only a drink of tea which had 1 been stewing in the oven all night. That was all the i was twenty, with fifty pounds in my pocket, food there was in the house. When cases like that ' and I lost them before I landed in Canada. were happening continually it was time they got to I Still, that is not going to interest you, and I work with the feeding of the children, and he hoped no guess this is Thursby we are coming to." more stumbling blocks would be placed in the way. His eoznpanion was almost astonished to see The minutes were approved, the rows of gaslights grow into visibility in a THE PROPOSED NEW scaooLs. valley that cleft the moor, and when they ran , in among the first of them she made a little sign. At a meeting of the Si tes,end Buildings Committee • ' I have to thank you very much," she said. the Surveyor reported as to the condition of the roof "Nosy I must get down. at the Beamont Council school, and further considera- tion of the matter was deferied until the next meeting I Beverley pulled the car up, and she of the Committee, watched it whirl away with a flush in her fare. Mr, R, T. Farttermuoit moved and C)uncillor I " I have never done such a thing before, WILKINSON seconded the adoption of the minutes. and I don't know what he can think of inc.' Mr. PLINsToN asked if some information could be elm said. Then chic sighed a little. "After given with reference to the procedure as to the new all, however, it doesn't matter." schools ? It was an hour later when she saw him Mr. FAERcLoUCtiI said the Committee were proceeding again, and then a sudden intentnese crept as rapidly as possible with the negotiations to get a into Beverley's eyes as she walked acrees the new site in the Bunk Quay district and there was every n reason to, believe they would be able to acquire one. stage i the big assembly hall. There was The Town Clerk was very busy upon the work and no courage in the dainty face beneath the crown time was being lost, of red-gold hair, and lie was sensible of a The minutes were approved, little thrill, which the coldly - beautiful Con- stance Nisbet had never awakened in him, MEDICAL INSPECTION'. when her clear voice rang through the At a meetine; of the Medical Inspection Committee a crowded building. It was also a simple song letter was read from the Warrington Division of the of toil that he could understand, for he was Lancashire and Cheshi re Branch of the British Medical one who had made his own way with the Association, asking the Committee to receive a depute- wor II • I• t against m. el thou with reference to the treatment of school children i found by the School Medical Officer to he defective, i In another twenty minutes he entered the and it was decided to accede to the request. It was articles' room with a message for Constance resolved that the proposed arrangements in respect of Nisbet, who waS, for some reason, distinctly those children who have been found by the School cold to him, and saw the girl with the red- Medical Officer to require medical attention,be approved. ' gold hair sitting by herself, though most The raiuutes were approved, of the rest chatted and laughed together. COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON. He also saw Constance Nisbet' eyebrows , The CIIAIRNI AN wished all the members a very happy straighten when he sat down beside the . Her name he had noticed by his Christmas and a prosperous New Year and the wish I singer. Was heartily reciprocated by the Committee. 1 programme was Maud Lane. I "Don't you know anybody here?" ho

thc.) I of

asked. " Only the baritone," said the girl, with a little smile. ." He is a professional like my- self." "Don't these people know enough to give you anything to eat? I see coffee and things in the room yodder." "I clammy somebody will remember me by-and-bye. They have a good ninny amateurs to attend to, you see." "Then," said Beverley, right in there with me." . He held out his arm, and once more she wondered why she laid her hand upon it with so much confidence, while in another few minutes he set the best tnere was in tne buffet before her, and stayed until she ate it, talking energetically. Maud Lane, somewhat

"you are corning

to her astonishment, found herself talking gaily too, and it seemed to the man that her voice was as pretty as she was herself. At last he left her reluctantly, and met one of his British relatives lounging in a corridor, cigarette in hand. The latter grinned at him. "It's no great wonder Constance isn't quite pleased with you," he said. " Still, the girl—is—pretty. Where d'you pick her up?" "On the road," said Beverley, un- guardedly, end when his companion laughed turned upon him with an ominous flash in his eyes. "Well," he said, "what the deuce has that to do with you?" "Nothing," said the other man. "It may, however, have its effect upon Constance 's mother. You see, Miss Lane works for her living, and you admit you found her on the road. Things like that have a significance in this country. I presume you really mean tc marry Constance? Everybody expects you to." Beverley looked at him grimly. "Miss Nis- bet has, at least, never led ITIC to believe that she did, and until lately I've had to work quite hard for a living, too. I'm rather proud to remember it when I watch you folks fool your time away. As to the rest, if I can't get a girl who's tired and hungry something to eat without folks saying things about her, I'm going to make the first of them I catch at it The other man, who knew the Beverley temper, said nothing further; and Lance went back to his seat in the concert-room where Mrs. Nisbet, who seemed te have heard what he had done, favoured him with a little tactful lecture between the songs. She also intimated that Constance would not drive home with him that night. Beverley bore this patiently, and left a little before the rest, while it happened that Maud Lane, who had been kept by an encore, reached the station a minute too late for her train. That left her four miles to walk home, and she set about it with a little sigh, for she was very tired, and it was a hitter night. Still, she _had only just turned her back upon the town wfien a glare of light—felt --ttpv,. ber;arfd --1-15 F—Er mining motor stopped close by her side. Looking up she saw Beverley with his cap in his hand. "I guessed you would miss that train," he said. "Won't you get in?" The girl hesitated, but there was something in his voice that inspired confidence, and a few fakes of snow were driving before the stinging wind. Then suddenly her mind seemed made up for her, and she got in. The man packed the furs high about her with a pleasant laugh. "Now," he said, "you're snug, and we'll take the lower road. It's a better one, and I'm going to let this machine out." There was a rumbling beneath them, and the car sprang forward into the bitter night, hurling before it a long shaft of radiance through which the girl, who felt all the ex- hilaration of the mad rush, watched the gates and hedges flash. For a time she forgot the grim monotony of her toilsome life. She was young, after all, and the blood stirred in her while her cares fled away, and Beverley, lean- ing forward, with hard, uncovered hand upon the wheel, felt his pulse beat faster as he heard her laugh. They swept into the little straggling town almost too soon, and he touched her arm when he slowed the car.

seasons," she said. "You probably know rather more than I do about the advantages of consolidating the family property." There was a faint flush in Beverley's face, but he made a little grave gesture. "Thank you," he said, and left her, while the girl, who felt that the had wiped out a rather long score that night, laughed softly to herself.

It was a little later when Beverley found Constance Nisbet alone in the conservatory, though he had noticed Fulke come out a few moments earlier. .He drew a chair forward, and then leant against a flower stage looking down on her. "There are time when one lilts to be candid," he said. "You used to think a good deal of the man who has just been talking to you?" Constance Nisbet glanced at him with con- cern in her eyes. "I—" she said, and stopped abruptly. Beverley made a little gesture. "Well," he said, "I guess nobody would blame 'yen. He is a better-looking man than I am, and, if his face is anything to go by, a straight one. Now I'm going to be a little brutal, because it will save trouble for everybody. If it hadn't been for this confounded property you would have married that man?"

The girl looked at him with a little flash in her eyes. "Yes," she said, "it is, after all, better to tell you so." Beverley gravely took one of her hands. "Thank you. If things had been different you and I might have made out well enough together. There's a good deal that any man might be glad to have in his partner in you. Still, it wasn't to be that way—and you have got to be quite honest. Notthing would make you care in the least for me?" The girl gasped with relief, and then—for she had felt the tension—laughed almost harshly. "No," she said. "Are you sorry?" "We'll let that go," and Beverley made her a little inclination. "You could be happy with the other man, and it's your mother that is the difficulty. Well, she wouldn't want you to marry me if I hadn't that interest in the property?" The girl gazed at him with the crimson in her face, and Beverley laid his other hand on hers. "Now," he said, "you know it's so, and you have in several ways been kind to me. There can be no reason why you shouldn't take a Christmas girt from me. I'm going along to your father, and if you'll come back here in half-an-hour I shouldn't be astonished if you found it waiting for you." He went away, and five minutes later her father gazed at him in blank astonishment when he heard what he had to say. He, how- ever, saw that the man was perfectly serious, and sent for his wife; while, when at last Beverley went out after arranging to meet a lawyer during the next week, the pair sat silent for at -least a minute. Then Nisbet laughed curiously. "Nobody but a Beverley would have thought of the thing," he said. "You will excuse me saying that they were all a trifle crazy. But I must confess that I always liked young Fulke. There can, of course, be no objections to Constance marrying him now. And, after all, she had more right to the pro- perty, ethically, than Lance." Beverley, in the meantime, had flung a leather jacket over his evening clothes, and, springing into the car, sent it humming through the darkness into the little town, while, when he pulled it up before the secend- rate villa, he found Miss Lane alone. She rose when he came in, and he saw the faint colour in her thin face.

"It's 'most a pity we hadn't twenty miles to go," he said. "Still, we're here, and I'm coming for just a moment to be presented to your people. In a way, I think I owe it them." He stopped the car outside one of a row of secoad-rate villas, where the girl told him she and her sister had rooms. And he went in and found a woman with a delicate face, who seemed older than his companion, busy with a filmy mass of lace. His keen eyes also noticed the colour-box and pile of photo- graphs.on the side table. "Miss Lane, I presume?" he said. "I am Lance Beverley, a New Westminster, saw- mill engineer. It seemed the proper thing to tell you I had the honour of bringing your sister home."

"One would almost have fancied you had brought trouble enough on us," she said. "1 m afraid I have," said Beverley. " Still, how was I to know? Was it a very astonish- ing thing that I fell in love with .your sister as soon as I met her? Any way, you're going to give- me an opportunity of telling her so, and if she'll listen you're both of yo tr coming out to Canada with me."

The woman seemed a little astonished. But Beverley was seldom troubled by diffi- dence, and he stayed five minutes talking gaily, while, when he went out, Miss Lane glanced at her sister, who eat silent with a flush in her face.

"Was it very dreadful of me, Grace?" she asked, "Of course it was. But he was only kind, and. I was so tired, and felt rebellious to-night. Mrs. Cranston was horrid this afternoon, and kept me on purpose until I tnissed the train.' Then she broke off with a little bitter laugh, and a drop of moisture sparkled on her cheek. "Well," she said, "I must never do anything of that kind again. I can't afford it. It was my one mad adven- ture. After all, the fairy prince never turns up in real life:"

The resolution was easily made; but it proved another matter to keep it when she was overtaken by the car two or .three miles from Thureby on that day the following week. Beverley drove her home then, and the same thing happened several times, until when she lost her most profitable pupils a day or two before Christmas the disillusion came. Their mother, who was acquainted with Mrs. Nis- bet, spoke very plain words to her, and she left the house, knowing that the struggle for a living would henceforward be grimmer than ever. As it happened, she met Beverley in the motor as she walked home dejectedly, and when he stopped faced him with a little hard glint in her eyes. " I have nothing to say to you. Will you drive on?" she said.

Beverley got down from the car. "Of course, if you wish it. But I mean to know what has made this change in you. You didn't look at me that way two or three days ago." "No," said the girl, bitterly. " Still, I be- lieved you were what you told me you were then. Now I know you are one of the Hallow- stead Beverleys, and came over to marry Mi 66 Constance Nisbet."

A darker tinge crept into the man's bronzed face. 'Well, he said, almost sternly, "I want five minutes' straight talk with you."

" sorry I can't grant you them," said the girl, with a crimson spot in her cheek. "The reason ought to be very evident, and it is out of the question that I should peak to you again. If you insist upon stopping I shall go to those people yonder for protection." Beverley said nothing further, but, swing- ing off his cap, stepped back into the car and drove home thoughtfully, for he did not con- sider the affair by any means concluded so far as he was concerned. As it happened, he also met the man he had spoken with at the concert that night, and he Thad something of interest to say. "I'm not sure the girl who sings owes you very much," he said. "From what I heard o-day you have made it somewhat difficult for her to earn her living. Mrs. Nisbet is naturally rather looked up to by _Mrs. Cran- ston, and I believe Miss Lane got most of her pupils on the latter's recommendation. Don't you think it would be wiser if you. dropped that kind of thing?" "You mean that Constanee's mother would try to crush an innocent girl because I drove her home?" asked Beverley, sternly. The other man laughed. "Well," he said, "it really looks very like it." Beverley changed the subject. But he thought hard that night, and he • had what would have appeared to anybody else a wholly fantastic project in his mind when he drove over to Thurshy Grange on the next night, which, as it happened, WM Christmas Eve. Mrs. Nisbet had a good many guests at the Grange, and they had arranged an informal dance among themselves!. Beverley was evi- dently a little preoccupied. But he did his part, and when one waltz was over turned to his partner as they sat on the oak stairway in the big hall. "Who is the young man Constance Nisbet danced twice with?" he asked,

The girl looked at him with a little dry smile, for, ns it happened, she was not par- ticularly fond of Miss Nisbet. "Charley Fulke," she said. "He has a Lancer's commission, and practically nothing else.. That is, I believe, the reason he was not permitted to marry Constance, though she was supposed to be rather fond of him. That is, before—" She stopped suggestively, and Beverley looked down on her with a glint in his cyes. "You mean until I came on the scene. Still, you don't infer that Constar,ce is in any way fond of me?" The girt met his gaze steadily. She saw this most unconventional man, whom she rather liked, intended to have an answer. "It sounds a little dreadful. but, since you ask, Constance is rather afraid of her mother, and has made no great success of two town

Miss Lane looked at him steadily, and then made a little gesture. "She has gone to play for some children who are singing at a Christ- mas Eve supper in the school just outside the town. I'think it should be almost over now."

Beverley swung round with characteristic impetuosity, and it happened that when Maud .Lane came out from the school she found a car drawn up at the door. A man in a leather jacket swung her into it, and before she quite realised what had befallen her they had whirled out from among the gaslights into the open country. Then Beverley slowed down.

"Now," he said, "you and I have got to have a talk, and then, if you wish it, I will take you straight home again. You were rather nice to me as ,a sawmill engineer."

"Yes," said the girl, whose courge rose in face of the crisis, though there was a tremor in her voice. "I didn't' know then what manner of man you were." Beverley laughed a little. "Well," he said, " I'm just the same kind still, a sawmill en- gineer and nothing more, though I own the mill, and it's quite a big one. I'm also very badly in love with you, and have been since I saw you." Maud Lane made as though she would rise. "And you intended to marry Miss Nisbet all the time! The difficulty Is that you don't seem to understand that I am—"

Beverley seized her arm and held her mas- terfully. "I know just what you are, or I woaldn't want to marry you. What's more to the purpose, I'm going to." "But," gasped the girl, "that would cost you the Hallowstead property?" "I don't think it would. In fact, as you didn't seem to like me with it, I've just given most of my share of it to Miss Nisbet as a Christmas present. The girl laughed half hysterically. "You gave it away?" "I did. I'd have slung away every dollar if it had stood between you and me. Still— and your sister's coming out with us—the mill on the Fraser's going to keep all three quite comfortably. Now this thing's all fixed. I've got you, and when I get what I want I never let it go. All you have to do is to say Yes prettily." Maud Lane did not remember if she said anything at all, but she found herself drawn down bcside him in a seat that was not—quite big enough for two, while with a sudden hum- ming the car sped out into the open county/. Beverley laughed exultantly as he let the en- gine go at its utmost speed. "We're going to Thursby. There's quite a smart jeweller there," he said. " I hay() another Christmas gift to choose." "It's very late," said Maud Lane. "Will you want me too?" "Of course," said Beverley. "You see, it has to fit your finger."

[Tug END.]

===== 0002601_19081224_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL MEDICAL INSPECTORS.

The Lancashire Elementary Education Sub-corn mittee have made the following appointments under the Medical Inspection of Schools Act :—School medical inspectors, at £250 per annum, rising by £25 annnally to i'4oo, with expenses : Dr. F. M. Harper, St. Helens Dr. A. S. Arkle, West Der'ly, Liverpool ; Dr. R. A; Atkins, Merthyr Tydvil ; and Dr. J. L. Stewart, Partici: Hill, Glasgow. Nurses, at £7O, rising by £2 10s. to £9O, with expenses and £5 per annum for uniform ; Miss H. J. Gleave, Cborlton Union Hospital; Miss M. G. Dickinson, Royal Jubilee Nurses' Home, Salford ; Miss A. M. M'Queen, Royal Infirmary, Shellleld ; and Mies E. Arnett, Wakefield.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARMINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

P. W. L. D. Earlestown St. John's 10 8 2 0 Lymm Rylands Buttonwood W'gton Albions R. Latchford Whitecross Orford _ _ _

Halton lO Buttonwood Wesley 8

SECOND DIVISION.

For aest G. O. P. 41 9 16 41 9 16 19 22 8 10 7 7 13 9 7 7 14 7 23 32 13 24 6 11 44 5 14 16 4

E'town St. John's Res. 7 7 0 0 23 1 14 Burtonwood Reserve 7 5 . 1 1 17 6 11 Newton Amateurs 7 5 2 0 14 8 10 Whitecross Reserve Thelwall United ...... *Rylands Reserve lO 3 6 1 17 19 5 Walker's Lynam Reserve I , Frodsharn Brotherhood 7 0 5 2 5 20 2 Two points deducted for playing an ineligible man. lislton has withdnwn. Record expunged.

Matches for December 25th. Ist Division :—Burtonwood Wesley v. Buttonwood.

Matches for December 2Gth. Ist Division :—llalton v. Earlestown St. John's. Lymm v. Burtonwood Wesley. 2nd Division :—Newton Amateurs v. Earlestown St. John's Reserve. Itylands Reserve v. Lymm Reserve. Results for December 19th. Ist Division :—Burtonwood Wesley 5, Wbitecross 2 Ware.ngton Albions Reserve 1, Latchford 1, Halton 2 Orford 1. i 2nd Division :—Walkers 0, Burtonwood 0,

===== 0002601_19081224_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ITCHING HUMOUR ON HEAD AND FACE

Became Unbearable—Little Girl Suffered !Terribly—Would Tear Her Flesh—Grew Thinner Day by Day—New Healthier than Ever.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA CURED HER ECZEMA PERMANENTLY

"Last August I found a little pimple exactly on the crown of my little daugh- ter 's head. It be- gan to grow larger and larger, and later it broke and hu- mour came from it. The head began to be covered with an eruption with hu- mour exuding freely. Annie suffered ter- ribly, and her head was so itchy that she scratched it un- til she tore the flesh, and at night we had to tie her hands, the itching was so fearful. The erup- tion spread over the whole of her head, down part of her back, and even over face. A doctor's ointment did her no good. In fact, it seemed to make the trouble worse, and the itching increased until it was unbearable. If one spot healed another became worse. When the trouble started her health began to fail, she was peevish, and grew thinner day by day. I was in despair. At last I tried Cuticura Soap, Cuticura. Ointment, and Cuticura Pills. At the very first application the itching stopped, as if by magic, and her head became better every day. In ten days the humour ceased altogether, and by the time I had used one set of Cuticura Remedies she was almost cured. I got another set, and in a month she was completely cured, so that you could not tell she had ever had eczema. That was three months ago and there has never been any sign of a recurrence since. Her health is better than ever, and I ascribe her condition entirely to Cuticura Remedies. Her hair is grow- ing thicker and thicker, too. Mrs. John Bisset, Easter Lumbennie, Newburgh. Fife N. 8., June 14, 1907." Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- cura Book on Treatment of Skin Diseases. Cutfeura Remedies are sold throughout the world. • Single Set often Cures. Depots: London, 27, Euarterhouse Sq.; Paris, 5, Rue de la Paix; stralla, R. Towne & Co., Sydney. South Africa, noon, Ltd., Cape Town, etc.; U. S. A.. Potter Drug dr Chem- Corp.. Sole Props., Boston.

;DANYSZ VIRUS, kills

fg \ 01,4—L.,6-Ll 4 • 1'110.4 c. 4 ,-44ato I' ew 4, her'

===== 0002601_19081224_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS AND MICE.

UAIUILES AN—DI-ALB n ffvN-BEING-111. A NORTRWICH TESTIMONIAL. From MR. J. A. Cowur, Clerk to the Urban District_.... Council.

Council Offices, Northwich, June 13th, Mg. The Danysz Virus you sent has been tried with most excellent results,

(Signed) J. ARTHUR COWLEY. I tube 2s tubes 55.: per dozen 18s.; post free from. DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., Boxl 292. 1-52. Leadenhall Street. LONDOIi. S.C.

!Lod of all Chemists.

tion.ery"

.at for an. and may be given Ifidence to the youngest chi - packets and tin boxes— , various sizes. 40. Lfactory: Loadon.w.c.

Counsel The purchase of the Coffee thaT always pleases F.amily or Guests ymington 9

, Established .:"‘t,-2j4) 50 Years. . • .Callard &Bowser's Butter-Scotch • "Really Dgf "Itirholesorn- nery" A SWeetineat iveri jwith confider In paper, (I)ziAtts .4 am! 111

===== 0002601_19081224_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
• CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE

invog

PERMANENTLY CURES

Skin &Bleed Diseases

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

AN IDEAL INEXPENSIVE NEW YEAR PRESENT.

TN order to Advertise our Mechanical an _ll. other Novelties we wflt post is Pair of our 10e.61. D RIMY 0 PIiHA,FIRLD,ur MARIS* GLASSISS (Powerful Lenses, with Patent Adjustment) for 2s. 33. ; postage, &e., 31. Send 2s. 6d. at once, as this offer only bolds good till New Year. B. W. U. A 03113 SUPPLY CO., 134, SO. PORTLAND Sr . GLaS9O fr.

r,- e offce- EAenc.'s ...., ...../. 1 A ' • ~ . . ' R;ch' i Yr rag ra n ~1:: . „1": e..-. ‘::4:-:. .'"4:•;•21 I, .:', cL Pa _atm. 5.„.. „..,: • 1

===== 0002601_19081224_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
10/6

213

tILAiIIiTS'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired for oonstitutional disvharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. tree from Mercury. listablished upwards 0130 years. In Doses 4e. Sd each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through on the world, or sent for sixty stamp' by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Uhl.— Advt. TO MOTHERS.—Mre. WiirsLoW.B Soothing Syrup has been used for over fit ty years by millions of motbeas for Gael children while teething, with perfect slum's. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to taste; and 1 produces 'natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child treat pain and the little cherub awakes as bright asl a buttots call Chemists ts. W.—Advt.

JOHN WALKER, & CO. LITHOGRAPHERS. EGOKBINDHILS. STATIONBREI. BEWSEY STREET WARRINerox

r!7';

-'4ll

- - -

I

K

0.-

I

.

, ~,.

"Re- .r

• '

I

===== 0002601_19081224_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
CO eranuner butts

OP WRIIII-BiND NBWSPAPBBS 00/IPRISIIS Tkß WARRINGTON & MID-CHHSHIRB lIXAMINBR. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Beath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lynam. &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- rises &large trading and agricultural tract In South Lanc&. hire and Mid-Cheshire. raH RUNCORN IMAIIINRR, published every Saturday 1 morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and Districtoind offers the best and cheapest (saltiest° Advertisers. frliß WIDNBS RICAMINBR published every Saturday J.. morning. Widnes contains the Isrgest number of chemical works of any town In the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. Tritiß HARLBSTOW N AND NHWTONI nIEAMINBR, published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paner oontainlnq the News of liarlestoWn, Newtota-le- Willows. Rolborne. Hapdock, Lowton. 80. The district thus 00 onrtssu. :a a most imp)rt4tat part of the Lancaahire

%pal; ST. HHLUNS 11XVilfINH11, plablissed ever? 1. Saturday rnorning, circulating in St. Helens, Preteot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross. .te --the Centre of the Glans, Cbeml33 and Wateb Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APAIMISTS WANTEU. HOUSBS WANTED. APAR-M(BI,M TO LW. 'HOUSES TO BE OLO. AR TICLDS 2.05 T. MISCRLLANDOUS WANTS. AUTUMNS FOUND, MISCSLLANHOUS SALES.

One Three slz Thirteen frords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 13d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3.. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. MI. ... 35. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. 04. ... Es. 64. ... 4s. 04. ... 6s. Od. 45 .„ is. 34. ... 3s. Id. „. ss, Od. ... 7s. 04. 54 ... Is. 84. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. 04. ... 108. Od.

50 CLUB CARDS, 61. 75. 8..; 100, 100. 6d.—DALLIS Min Co., 39 Park at., Cambridge.

lIAND Stains liemover.—Sead 73. to Messrs. Dlcalam, Saavarao& & Oa a LTD.. Belfast.

1 BSULTS TO BAAT THH WORLD.—Apply terms, A. J. J. Ho', 28, Perryn rd., Acton, London. W.

4/6 • LitAeDmlH,:?.t' Hilan.diromeire Gold Ores. Ibt:lortgo•ir.hall-marked.

ABB you dearons ot learning a trade Pardon!ars free howLairo, 23, Byre It. Hill, Londoh. B.C.

OV)ILY painted and ibbon-worked buttons from ld.: .1.4 samples. —O. Taziutsz 13, Maids Hill, London.

•17CHIBITION CORSHT.—Be.ntifol tallor made. worth 1,4 211., samp!e pair sa.—Bow MaRCHS. Poniypridd.

Potatoes Peelers. latest Improve- FISH a CHIP RANlaltd. ments —WHITEHEAD lit Co., ACOVI Works, Oldh%oe. _

BOOT 3 Direct from Factory. Wholesale Prices. State your hequirements —Burnam) RD. Boor Woltz% Leicester.

\NTOHMS Itii DOGS I—lndian Worm Beans, 111. post free. Agent i—HAFte. Chemist, Hollowstocie, Noittogliam.

COMPLEXtuff,—Fa,e, successful reelpe lent. made up, 34. B.l.—CoLoinm, lixebange, 2.3, Craven it., London.

VDUS GIFTS.— • Janlor Typewslters,' £3 10s. snlversa ..[X.keylocasd.—Particulars WHREIGICH Co.2o3,strand.Londonl

1 0 SMART HAND COLOURRD original Xmas Cards. Is. Id.; worth 3s. 6,1.—W1r1.a Baor,Hoddesdon,Herts.

9-BAVELLIIZS for Boller Fluid, and Disinfectants, Watt 1 Cora.— MONTGOIERRY, 74.Bandrock rd.. Lewishaai,Lorsdon

SHOP AND WINDOW FITTINGS 20 per cent. off current prices, list.—Adl.nn RJS., 148, Old it., London, WC.

I3IRD CAGHB.—Fen4 stamp for our new Illostreted list ; lowest price.— BTWORTH & Bose, 181. King's Cross rd.. Lonlon .

ILY CRIUM, unrci ;ailed for ellappf-d bands. In jsrs Bd. LI and Is. M.—Write for free sample, firanerr & Chemlrts, Wlmborne.

V,T HITS 3141114T3. fall-alze pure Twill Sheeta, hemmed ; V oirriage paid 6a. 6. Money bank It not approved.-.. VRRITY'S. liersle rd., Hul:.

ALL SPORTSME4IS should send P.O. of 21. 6i for my Gr. nd Special for next Yrldsy to J. BA.B.Low, 7, Aiherton It.. Man °be s ter.

ALARM. our Early Riser Is bound to fetch you up,lo years wear, rings 15 minutes, post free 7r. 4d.— BLLTOI7, Jeweller, Cardiff.

10,000 IIANDBILL, 8. 0?ede.,;1.01. d2d. ewmeol Well an d printed.o m o —SymoNne. Printer. Basingstoko.

j 3 00•1 to Stock-keeper', &o.—Rats, Woe clears,' la 24 . hours. Eißtisfaction or money returned. Particulars la. —RongssSow, 2 Reed it.. Hult.

INFORMATION.—Four of lint Ilk, Levis°, Marna,ntel 1 Alert, Happy Evening. Pot 12.. weeks wirez.—WOOD, 37. Fitzroy at., Fitzroy Scozre, London.

2j / .—Read Bnglish WATCH in strong este, eauellent 1/' timekeeper. quite new, 3 years warranty, strong chain glven.-IdLsrorr, Jeweller, Cardiff.

y IsUla CU rir AI IT at Maker's prima ; cheapest lines In the 1-1 world at le. 64 , 24., 2s 6d., up 61. per palr o 21s.—. Post free, sisairlar Beeoton, Nottingham.

BABGAIN.—Gent's 18 Carat Rolled Gold Double Albert ; best fir leh ; sacrifice, 126. Ed. ; approval willingly.— H. BEAL/1101T, 9, Brougtiton at., Bebden Bridge.

a I -PAGH BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them. Pest free. send for one.— TRIM k ELL, The Herisalist. 144, Richmond rd, Cardiff. Established 1819.

OW to make money on the Stock If:change. What to s $ buy or sell. haoetlent information. ?dines a speciality. —Write ROPFR & Co.. 20.13uckletsbnry. London.

eILOTHE BAlNCOATS.—Absolutely waterproof, 16s. 11d. carriage paid. Newest shades, latest styles. send for Pattern. GRBEX 1 Co.. 36 Bridge hod, Leeds.

I AEGIS PROFIT for t4hopkeepers to sell Sharp Lighting 1.1 Firelighters. Patent applied. Buying agents w Anted. Samples sent. S4amp. —SHARP. AI ChdetOOTl lane 1431C0iter.

Corn- U SB Wright's Beautifying Invaluable plexiont. Cracked Lips,Ohappect Hands,te. Abaolutaly genuine. Fend P.O. 15.1d.-281,11LosICLEY n .131rMingbaln.

ONEY UNDER WILLS or DENDS.—Perions entitled 1. to Gash or Properiy at death of others or to Life laoome•ean Borrow at Bank Hate, or Sell. ii.dvin free.— Messrs. 11107trynt. 34. Moorflelde. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestft Ratrbants4, etr.

ANTRD goon (41iNgRA.T. ; pla!n cooking; family o VT f three.—Nfre. Barton Her rl., ForrnbV.

IVAPTRD COOK-OHNIIRAT, • strtte vr.ges aryl refer- ences —llium 6, Reedy!lte. etanctiton. Pirkenher.4.

%iv ANVID. Go d MINSK AL vI4RVANT.—Xxxo's Balms HarTz, 31‘rk,t st.. Stalybrirtge.

WANTHD, COOK-GRNIIRAL, age 28 to 30: god wageo; goal references required.—Apply 88. Hampt Al rd., ErmthDrwt. • •

wSIiqVANT ; able to Goo ees k ; referen required. —Apply Mrs. ANDREW, Albion House. O‘rollne st , Ash.on-undPr-LVne. -

_ ANTRD.—A Good GRNBRAL, aboot 30 years of age Preferred.for family of two.—Apply 89 ASHTON OLD RD. Ardwiak, Mancileste.r. _

, IrtirfeTrrgeDa,;"r«NfelLinteL. trieocinzet4lca.teAdp,pll7 2Kittioa,V prARMS- 14CT2t. Nina oh.. Tlfirr.

WANTBD about end at JANUARY. young GElNiltt AL with referenes. for small family.—BuanoW.F, Penarth, West Pack rd., Blackburn.

WANT VD at once. good CIPI4?.RAL fond of children : must he good refereneee.—Apply by letter, 13, SKSPENME BD., Liman]. Chershire.

11.Ntflp, GREIBRAL SARVAST. eirly Is JAnnery, able to undertako r,laln cooking; no waslaing.—Addrese, Moons, 120, Meticheeter vii..Elouthcoa.

ANTBO COOK-OBNIIRAL first week In January; trei to washing ; age between 20 and D.—Apply Mn. HOLD 67, Oakian ls. Roytoia. near Oldham.

w

T ADY DISSIRqS SITUATIOg ss Companion, thorough'y _EI domesticated ; cheerful diapoiltion ; higheit testi- raontals.—V. WINEEPIocag, Craig Mot.. Gathurst, at Wigan.

AT TIM CO‘TfiTY REGISTRY,, Victoria Buildings, St. Mary's Gate. Manchester ; WANTS!), superior took- Generals. Generale, and Housemaid-Waltresses. Situations waiting; good wages.

WANTS!), flat week In Jannarv, strong GIRL, es VT AB D:IAID ; must 13« gOO4 c'easer and well recom• m ended —Apply env morning, 9 to 10, 314.r50N, Skin Hospital, Quay at., Manolaeater.

AT ES. PRESTON. Progressive Eerrants Agency, 44, 1. Charles it. The oldest Established ill 13lectspool. Wants SIPAVANTS, with referenoes for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses; good 'wages ; enclose stamp. Tel., 637.

EtTlinta.

11ttD spare an& full time Agents —A pply Hzt.tx IT 11111Alfalt 00.. Wilnecote, near farnworth.

iEtle4pßn eaeciVebeeLloso, Iv AMNOTTBODRissTrns, vldtgo;YrnA Car,, Oil L'do" ran

WANTED South Sea and American Curios, menially New Z-aIand.—COLLFCTOP, 77 PetitOrt Hill Lontiou.

AvTVD, COWMAN (good milker.) Cottage found. Mutt be steady. Good 144(.4 given.—G. PIMLOIT, Grange Farm. Handforr b, b4ancbecer.

AG£STS WANTHD.--ell and )elver Fresh Butter to Hon tehot.ers. £3 wP•ekly, Very little capital required.—BUrrstit, e/o SHARMow & TRATCHIM London.

Ai ILK HOUND WANTHD.—Adverthter wants to take .01 over genuine concern from £lO3 to £O0; would vefer one where the milk Is impolied direct from t farm.— Address, f• 13. 156 " Daily Post." Liverpool.

1 ER11.3 A CHA- CR FOR YOU 1 21(0 —R3IO a -3-1 Sanitary Ins- actor, Lady Health Visitor.—Postal Course Lessons for Liverpool Examination now commencing, 4tO sueneasea —lEtteLutaa. Sanitary Expert, Sunderland.

OLD FALsti TisiSlti. —We give the highest possib,e prices r abo-re ; cffers made, If uniceepted. teeth returned. Dealers In Old Gold or 911 v r In sny form ; bankers' refer- ence. ; straisiLttorward dealing —WooLPALL AND COMPANY Firluisle Southport.

WLCiBSi KNACKERS I I KNACI{HRSfII Best possible prices given br dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt rerrsoval on the shortest notice any distance op to 16 miles - Ism eft TOoLE AND BoNS LTD., Manure Many- facturvrs, Longford Wo.lcs, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole Lonzford Work,. Telephone 229.

MAS IaRMITINGS.—Box of 8 sheets rough edge note .11 piper, prin.ed in Old R ngliah In red and black. with envelopes (very choice) It. 2d.—J.tactov, 34, 1110 It. Hampden& P.W.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
EARNEST YOUNG MEN

WILL FIND A USItItrI. AND PROIIITABLR SPHERE IN TFiR SRRVICII OF IHH PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. Those resident In Lanoashire, Yorkshire, Midlands, Newcastle, North end South Wales pre,erred. PARTICULARS POST TRIM

PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST.,

LIVHEPOOL.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Orbital

CIRRIIINII Herbal Remedy for Liver Dl•o,ders, Is. per bottle.—Jomrs, 213, Prsneis ri., Leyton.

)/ONLY.—in7pßrdeetrtryatiEsahrlo"nianbreaploe.l;s,3Brenkgrutgt bSetsoaeks, othrr useful materials ; grand value carriage paId.—IDNAL TRADING Co., Dept. 16. Goriesto”, Great Yarmouth.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
/—*I4NIJINt4 Recipes. which o4red my Bunton and Warts, 51. each.--Slr. lilacs Bellevue, Stroud.

THRlLled.—simple effectual home treatment, particulars P.O. JL le.—CennoLL, Landeeere, Dramley, Leeds.

WRIMS Indian Corn Lest has removed hunireds of Corwyond 80.-GA z R,C2l•3inist. Highqm PArk.r,nq

CrANINstBRING.—Hvery sufferer shoutt obtain my 5..) Treatise, only Is. 11. —HusrT.Z2 Harris at.,PeterboronAh.

GRBAT DRUGLISSS HISALUI SEICHAT.—Senst two stamps for pArticalers.-11)skura, 3,5, tlarletoa It , Nelaon.

DISCHARGING FROM BA.IVS I'O3tTIVEILY GORR° 1,1 14 (Nye. rfbstly eafe, Painless. and clarap.— CARRIIGT,W, 11. Church rd.. A con, Landon.

'l7 BLVISTY FAUN, vrkite band., invisible powder, no V wrinkles, "La Supreme " Be.taty 80. ed. 6f, post free. 111..n,sme, 61, ta t Paul'. rd., Bow, London. B.

(~ZTAIINIHRISF4 and Stuttering 3ured by Mrs. OALD WELL Institute or Staratnerers, 19, Sbandwick ?lase, 13 din- borough. Natabliabed 1904, rapid metbod. Testimonial& tree

Nivr ma can't be cured Inuit be endured. You need not endure Iditgesiten ; " bo•e“nre mire It, one battle relieves, post free Ir. Iid.—SHITBEICUBS Co., tolton rd., Birmingham.

ECZEMA, wounds, ulcers. and all skin disaiseu eared promptly and permanewly by " camoUa "; w mtier- ill cares effoctoi, nothing like It ; set.t post free 1,. 21. BAILEY, Chemist, BoickheAth, Lonion,

vrt,T HO( iF IN Ci COUGH cured at I.t by Whyvin.," a physician's remedy used by him in his practice for the last 5 years with unfailing suooess, quick, safe and certain. Post tree Is. 100. from (Ikea. Chernlo, tiormantoo.

STILHILH MARRIAGR.—Its *tulles aad curative treat men. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women. A new (Onion just published. Post tree I. 91. —SHICLLIIY t CO.. LTD., 33, arisolanureb. st. Lonioa

===== 0002601_19081224_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO., DIE STAMPERS, ACCOUNT BOOKMAKERS EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
.

ifltsctllantous, On 040, at.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
up Int BOOTS that are guaranteei Glace, Box, Black or Browo. Lace or Button. $3lll leather, printed warrants', 95. 10 9d.. postage 3d.—FRAXIC FAIRTSZE, 79, Victoria e.t. Albans.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Za DbTSCTIVE AND PRIVATII INQUIRY SERVICII. BSTABLISHIID 1E97. PANIC ViLDIEGS. THR BROADWAY. ALRAM GRUM, UNIDO,. and Nair Yovir. Telephone No. 3124 Remington. Reliable evidence obtained for Divorce. Secret Information ascertained. Commeroial and /amity matters, Coondential Inquirlea. hhadorrlng of nip tilted Yersous. lesionab:e term.

=MN

===== 0002601_19081224_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
OttOrtnantous, on gpalt. ttr.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
SPLHNDID for darkening GEM HATS, la. 2d. ingredients tut 6 snonttni.—lizawineos, 11, Tulketh at., Southport.

Oin/PIT BABY'S LONG OLOTIIIII, 43 articles, home made, 10'. 61. ; approval 2.. depoelt.—CLAßK, 15. Melling it., Lonolight.

USHB I—BOOK OF MONEY-MAKING PLANS to I. purchasers of Recipe and scheme that made a fortune. ls. only, —P. HILL, 435, Chorley Old rd., Bolton. PlANO.—Ffne Iron Upright Grand Ivory keys, Bur; Walnut, quite new ; cost 55 guiriess ; take ,El 3 15s. for ready cash.-14, PICKIIIME ST.. Warrington.

ALS PIPB3 (Agricultural). moulded and Oommon •I Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pampb:et on drainage post tree.—JAnag TitomPeox, Terra Costa Works MOE tett.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Vartnersbcps, tustltrissts.

DO YOU WANT TO SOLL your Butinett T-1( so,oonsult Mr. COWDELL, Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
DAR MAN DIShISOAGHL) ; able to take abarge ; etteep- tlonal reference.—T.N. c/o Mr. J. NAYLOR, Bank Pale. Hayfield, near Stookport.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
IN SA LB, well-built. easily workable, good connection COMPANY ROUSH ! freehold ; centre of Blackpool; bargaln.—W. WILDS, 13, Cbarnley rd„ Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
00110

===== 0002601_19081224_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mo be let.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
To LIU 17. POLLY LA.TOC—Apply Woons aßox J. Solicitors, trorsemarket Street, Warrington.

TO LitT.—GOOD HOUSP, Hopwood-street 3 bed rooms; rent Ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS •ND SOX, Solicitors. gorsernerket it

'llO LET, large SHOP. Houtsford rd., swo windows. shop J.. beeted In whiter; rent cheep.—Apply Mr. WILLI.LY ATHERTOP, Cairo st.. V, errington.

rho LIM—S/1111-DIITAOHIID VILLA, S eiford rd. Wllderopool ; 6 bedroomr, txtb, w.e. Excellent modern wnveniences, laarden.-118, WILDIERSPooL RD., WarringeOn.

MO BR LEIT,Tower House, close to Eankey !Station (0.L.0.) I comprising two entertaining room., kitchen and back- kitwhen. Bye bedrooms, bath, and w.c.. b. and c. throughout. wasbhouse and small gsrden.—/spply next doir, or to Mr. Owns, ftstate Agent, Widnes. Also Next House coming empty shortly. containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen and bs.ck-kltithen. three belrooms,bath room, b. and 0.,w.c , small garden, dt 19 10s. per lIIHIUMs—AppIy as above.

DIM:101103. 5 Stones, 8.11 lustrous gems. 18et. neat Om. e&otive. USUaLLY AZ4 ne.

39j-

DIAMONDS, 5 Pure White Best Brilliants, Bet. Claws. USUALLY

DIAMONDS, 5 Stones. Eno white gems, Diet. claw-setting, Other .Hoops at 505., 555., and 595. Usually TiC/313LH. OVER 300 RINGS TO 01:10003 Faun. VIM FMB IrmoNo pusDe.Nr. £45 S ALS pawn RIS/10. Containing 42 white double-Out Brazilian Dlamonde, with diamond set loop, In IE-carat gold. This superb pendant Is slightly seco,d-hsnd. but like new ; recently purchased In Regent-street, London ; round, with raised centre, In cluster form, 2in. diameter, Will advance £lB. Also another Pendsnt, with 11 diamonds ; usual price £l5. sale price Ed 75. 62. Also a round 15-carat Pendant, containing 23 diamonds. hale price ES 188 , usual £l2. Approval. £2 10s. °MIS PADLOCK BRAOHLET 2 5/--HALL-51,&fiKED SOLID GOLD iLtIXII3I.4 CURB AND PADLOCK BReCIiLB I (widest at tho price), stamped by Government, and stamped evetv link in velvet case; APPROVAL. Others at k7s. and 295. Also Panay Patterns, viz.. Bseket, Milanese. "Cable." and " LaMar," 10s. IN TUB BHLOW USUAL PRICKS. Over ROO Bracelets to select from. ONSURPASSRD VATUit. Also very massive Curb and Padlock Bracelet at 35s , usually £3 15s. ; and another at 395. Usually £4. Also very wl Curb and Padlock at £2 7s„ usually £4 lOg. Also others. Plain and Bograved, at a 1b.., usually £5; and an extra wide Curb and Padlock, chased links, at £2 10s., usually £B. CASH BACK IF NOT AS RBPLUISEINTBD. PAISIBIFTd. —DAVlllu'd. 30, LOW HILL LIVHSPOOL. DAMS'S NOM SPBUIAL. 20/- WSDDING RINGS 20/- tabtllll.—Ball-Dczen Tea Spoons and Pair 81'BOIAL Srgar Tongs Free. DAVIES'S. Otuers at 7s. 62. 105., 154., 254„ 45e. Wid•st and Heaviest. 30. LOW-HILL, 111-0613 At GOLD. LlVslitrOOL. MR CARDS WEBS.

E2/19/-

• -

===== 0002601_19081224_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
oo'eacss, (pelt% garriagric etc

===== 0002601_19081224_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
agritultural taratitta, plant, src

===== 0002601_19081224_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
i/orgeo,ll ogot ttbt *totk szt. F°

IR SALIS two Chestnut Mares, Traps, Harness, and atable FRtlngs.—Apply Dr. lialw, hallway rd., Lefler.

CHIMP Harness Hare for Bale ; or will exchange for Hay, \J or oata.—lsnawxne, Royal Mem, Booth at., Haat, ancheater.

IVH STOCK, Poultry, &a., Remedies, 15.31. State wants LA Treatment Books. Pedigree POMO, Free. Agents wanted.—Witeor, TO„ M MOT Chambers, etreatham, W.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
,filatigHern, etc

DULLISYS, Millgearing ; best, cheapest ou Market ; Weal prices, sogiacers, shippers. —KleBtCBi, Canning place Liver,

rpooL

B 0 181.aHrtse. :t.ubui rtief. r ;Galoo wt 04 .1 C:.)roli MnlLi.pbr,easucVeertle;l lIINDLRY, Birkd ale.

URISISCH AND GHELMAri by Correspondence. Cheap .r Terms.—HAuvud.en, 14,StIverch1e, dydenham,Lonion.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
iDoneceo anti tanb on 'alt.

rillikillSlOLD Terms Devonshire. £l4 per sere.-11. B. 12 HARDY, 2, South Castle It., Liverpool.

HOLT:4II, Buildings, and Lind. 6i acres about, far sale.— Apply Tag OLD HILL, Burnaston, Btwall, Derby.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Itottlec, lipoross, Meartitng Otab.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
_ MATLOOK.—Bank House and Church View Hideo". Every comfort. Terms moderste.—Propristors, Mr. and Hrs. Mr. WARD, Matlock, Telephone 0191.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ZpartmattO, lurniqbeb 11000, Sct

r ADT offers gentlemen partial board, 141, 6d. ; eomfort- -1.4 able home.-6, Feuer aD , Shepherd's Bush, Ldndoo.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
PTATYll.—Furnished, Unfurnished BUrlgslows, Houses. Land. Let or SAle; stamp.—lirinarrituNfigeni. Prestetyn.

BLACK POOL (NORTH).—1 comfortable clean APART. RI fiNTS. facing Ica ; bath; winter terma.—CAMPBELL, 9. Holmfleld rd.

Nlll9 BiIIGHTON.—APAIITMHNTS. Large bowie. Facing sea. High, Bracing, ne tation. Board residence, 4e. dAy.—BAIDSoOK, Atherton it.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LLAI4DUDNO and NORTH WALES DOAST.—For Furnished and Unfurnished Housee.—ftpply . RYAN. Estate Agent and Auesioneer, Llandudno.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
3nUeOtittents, 'hare, Src.

WANTS° Partner with a3OO. Very Profitable Business. —Particulars Kum, Belton, nr. Loughborough, Lelowaterahlre. Genuine.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
eDuration.

So much attention has been THE WORK OF paid to the loss of the THE SESSION. Licensing Bill and the failure of the Education compromise that there has been a disposition to forget the work accomplished during the long Session of Parliament which has just closed. The House of Commons commenced its sittings before the first month of the year had expired, and it did not conclude theta until the first day of the present week. To the Government the loss of Sir HENRY CAMPBELL BANNERMAN was vary serious. He had brought the Liberal Party through lean times to the plentitude of office, and he was regarded by his followers with respect and affection such as can only be cultivated in adversity. Mr. ASQUITH, who by common con- sent was the natural successor of Sir HENRY, has intellectual qualifications to which his pre- decessor had not claim. But when he was called upon suddenly to exchange the office of Chan- cellor for that of head of the Government Mr. ASQUITH'S task was by no means light. Amongst the advanced Liberals he was regarded with some- thing approaching suspicion, and his cold, lawyer- like attitude in the House failed to secure for him that intimate human sympathy which assisted to bind Sir HENRY so closely to his party. In that sense, although his intellectual equipment is unquestionably greater than that of his prede- cessor, Mr. Asquinr was at a disadvantage which speedily disappeared. As head of the Government Mr. ASQUITH has sLewn that he possesses a very human side, and he has won over to him those who at first were disposed to regard him without enthusiasm. The Session in that sense has been a personal triumph for the PREMIER, despite the failure of two measures upon which he bestowed his own especial care. When we turn to the actual accomplishments in legislation of the Sassion, the list presented is certainly impressive. No less than seventy-one measures have been added to the Statute Book— forty-one before the close of the first portion of the session, and thirty as a resalt of the autumn sitting. Many of these are small bills, affecting what may be called minor interests. But they are none the less useful for that, and the credit of having put them into operation belongs legiti , mately to the whole House. Other measures are Id wider moment, affecting great principles and arge bodies of the public. Chief among these greater measures is the Old Age Pensions Act passed before the autumn recess. By • this measure half a million aged persons in ' the United Kingdom become entitled at the New . Year to a pension of ss. a week at the bands of the State. The sum is not large; it will in many oases do little more than keep the wolf from the

door. But it is a practical beginning in a direc- tion in which all parties have long desired to move. The condition of the aged poor in England, the misery to which old people who have lived res- pectably are often reduced, has been a standing reproach of the country. The Act passed during the Session may be, no doubt is, defective in many particulars, but it has laid a foundation upon which Parliament may work, and upon which may be erected a structure to supersede the barbarism of Poor-Law relief as it has been administered to the aged poor in the past. Well worthy of a place beside the Old-Age Pensions Scheme is the Act which has been passed for the protection of children. Legislation on these lines has long been desired. By the Act the lives of children will be made happier and safer than has been the case in the past, and something definite will be done to check the causes of physical deterioration in the rising generation which have been deplored by a succession of social reformers. Last, but not least, in the important measures of the Session comes the Eight Hours Bill for Coal Miners, a measure long demanded and strenuously resisted. No one who knows the condition of labour in coil mines will grudge the additional respite from work which this Act will give. It is to be hoped that the gloomy prognostications of an increase in the price of coal as a result of the Act will not be fulfilled. Looking at the Session as a whole, there is no cause, although there have been losses, to feel discouragement as to the power of Parliament to accomplish work for the nation. Even in the case of the Education Bill there has been substantial gain in understanding which may bear fruit when the House meets again.

To morrow the holiday will have begun. The .bustle of

To•MoltßOvV.

Christmas Eve will be over. The presents will have been received, the friends welcomed, and the festival of the dark days of the year will have come. The walls will have been decorated with holly, and the mistletoe hung in the ball. The tall yew tree will stand with its radiant burden in the hospital ward, and the red berries will gleam upon the window-sill in the church interior and the top at the stone columns. That is to say, these decorations will be in evidence with anything like good luck; but there are doubts about the sufficiency of some of the stocks and the sources of supply. To be told that there may not be enough mistletoe to go round is, unfortunately, in these commercial days not a convincing report. These announce- ments have come from Normandy before, and the goods have followed. More serious is the statement that berried holly is scarce this year. Last year saw abundance, and the Christmas before we were not ill-supplied ; but to go without the cheerful berry would be to lose the badge of the season, beside which the entire mistletoe bough could be lightly dispensed with. Whoever has got a generous show of "native coral-bright and armBd leaves" may count himself happy. Of Christmas trees there are enough to rejoice all the young hearts in England. That, at any tate, is good news. So long as the children are happy and the poor are fed, the festival of the children and of the poor, will have justified itself, and all earth's songs will have been set to music.

Local educationists who No Comritomisa. read the report of the pro- ceedings, last week, at the conference of clergy and lay representatives of he Rural Deanery of Winwick must have had their eyes opened to a considerable extent. The clerical members were very outspoken on the question of religious instruction—possibly they had forgotten the presence of the Press—and there cannot be the slightest doubt, now, in the minds of local Dissenters that a compromise is the last thing the clergy wish to entertain. They expressed satisfaction at the death of Mr. Runciman's , Bill, and had nor—sr-- word to any for ' the advances made by Noaconforrnists in r order to bring educational peace within the bounds of possibility. Nonconformist offers of , compromise are evidently considered by most of these men as confessions of weakness offering a sound inducement to the further stiffening of the clerical back. " Hold out, and we shall get all we want; is the favoured attitude. It was practically laid down at the conference of the Rural Deanery as the policy for the future. The Rev. E. E. Peters said " the time had come for the Church of England to take up a more offensive attitude, and not rely entirely on the defensive.' ,The clerical attitude is quite sufficiently offensive already in Nonconformist eyes. But if the Established Church is really anxious for a fight on the question of religious education in the day schools, we have no doubt that it can be readily accommodated, and perhaps get more fighting than it wants. The gage has been thrown down and no assenting educationist will hesitate tO pick it up and give battle when , and where the Church may please. But on the latter must rest the full responsibility of hindering education by casting it once more into the cock-pit of sectarian strife. - I Ir

The Rector of Warrington THE RECTOR'S was the only man present CANDOUR. who seemed to possess an atom of that sweet reason- ableness which one expects from ministers of the Gospel. He was refreshingly candid was the Rector, and said such nice things about M. Rtinciman's Bill Oa his brethren shivered appre- hensively. It did not suit them that Canon Willis should see good points in the attempted compromise and say as much publicly. For instance he said that" all children might have received religious instruction if the Bill had passed." No one attempted to deny this troublesome fact, 'lotrt subsequent speakers changed the subject from the dertd Bill as quickly as possible. Then the Rector went on to show that religious instruction was a much magni- fied essenti4l of the Church : "He was told by diocesan inspectors that there were parislies in which the clergy never went into their schools. They had been fighting about the right of entry into other schools and yet some clergy did not go into their own schools." This was also a very cold truth, and received anything but a warm and cordial reception from the Rector's brethren. The remarks of Canon Willis were certainly full of interest even if they caused disquiet in the minds of his hearers, and it strikes us as being a very remarkable coincidence that our con- temporaries should both publish a full report of the conference, but minus the Rector's views on the last Education Bill. Can this be the new or the neutral journalism ?

It is re-assuring to learn THE FENDING oF that not much more time SCHOOLICHILDREN. ia to be lost before the beneficent Act for the Provision of Meals to School Children is put into operation in Warrington. Nearly twelve months have been occupied in making the preliminary arangernents but now the machinery seems to be in working order and the supply of meals should begin early in the New Year. A little hitch occurred recently, the Town Council considering the prices charged for the necessary utensils to be extravagant and the consequence was that the list of purchases was referred back. The com- mittee however, adheres to its position, maintain- ing that the expenditure is quite reasonable, and at the monthly meeting on Monday some members of the Town Council who have als3 seats on. the Education Committee were taken severely to task for absenting themselves from Committee meetings, and reserving their criticisms for the Town Council. While the Council's power of revision is unquestioned, there is nevertheless a great deal to be said against this attitude. Very often an explanation at the Ethication Committee

meetings would suffice to remove any difficulty which suggested itself to the mind of a Councillor and obviate the necessity of raising the question before the Town Council. Of course, the directly elected representatives of the ratepayers are bound to insist upon economical administration and we should be very sorry if they neglected their duties in this respect. But at the same time, they should be careful not to lay themselves open to the charge of obstruction by failing to object at the committee meetings, where explana tions can be most conveniently given, and bringing the full force of their criticisms to bear when the matter reaches the Council. At first there was a probability that the Town Council's rejection of the proposal would mean a serious delay, but a special appeal to the Mayor and the Town Clerk, in view of the urgency of the case, has resulted in authority being given to pro- ceed with the work as speedily as possible, It is calculated that seven hundred Warrington children go to school under-fed,and we are glad that ere long there will be an end to the reproach that we compel them to receive instruction when they are not in a fit state to take full advantage of it.

Dr. Ambrose Shepherd's MEN IN TRW book, which is really on MAKING, character-building, raises some very serious reflections on the way in which many of the rising generation are growing up. Is it a fact that, for a large portion, our essentially English love cf sport is becoming a vice instead of a virtue ? Dr. Shepherd quotes the statement of a Bradford merchant : "I have five clerks in my office, who could prob- ably tell me all I want to know, and more, about a irace-horse or a cricket or football match, and not one of them could translate for me a foreign business letter." This is how one business man finds the workers under him. The author of the book relates the observation of a professor at a Scotch University as to a triumvirate of his pupils who were personalities there. They had a fine chance to make their mark in life ; but they hated "daily drudging,unwelcome work." There is an awful thought that this state may have been induced by the, training under the P ro fessor ; but we will hope not. The problem raised has often been discussed. We do no believe that, but for the sporting columns in the newspapers, our young men would lose the art of reading. The enormous sale of the popular sixpenny novels which is a thing of the last few years is an answer to that. They go among sell classes. There is the further fact to be remembered that many of the German youths who are held up to our admiration are very dull persons. The esprit de corps of the French is, perhaps, more to be emulated, though here is a danger, a distinguished philosopher said the other idly, of too much intellect. The tendency to indulge in intellectual reasoning and ideas may be carried too far. It is a platitude to say that we suffer from our insularity, and that our young people will be stimulated by travel. For those who cannot travel, the push ful alien comes to tell us why we fail to get on. He is a vary useful person. There is room for self-examination, but none for alarm.

a IS es ion aro irt is 'herd cant : proh- , about and not foreign business ie author professor nvirate of ere. They rk in life ; come work." ' 3 state may ader the P ro )roblem raised o believe that, le newspapers, art of reading. sixpenny novels ears is an answer sees. There is the amid that many are held up to oil persons. The rench is, perhaps, here is a daneer, a id the other ety, of .endency to indulge in Leas may be carried too say that we suffer from r young people will be those who cannot comes to tell us why we ary useful person. There .tion, but none for alarm. ID NOTIONS. -- Christmas features possess a cal interest. On page 2 is an ;ens and the Christmas Ghost," irge Edgar, a Warrington born time was in the service of the page 3 Mr. Harold Bind loss, eldest Bindloss, formerly of Stockton a short story entitled " Beverley's * * * onions will be glad to learn that we a from Mr. Fred Stott, who is in ew Zealand. Writing under date, he says : "It was a real pleasure, me weeks without news, to read your still looking for work. Trade is not id there are plenty of unemployed." We tl hear better news of Mr. Stott by the next * * .fficult to see what authority the French ,ve for proclaiming as the "missing link" dy unearthed gentleman whose remains show ie 170,000 years ago, he used to walk on all id was quite unable to smile, although his distinctly a human one. "Consul" who is and kicking" at Warrington to-day, has surely or claim to the title of "missing link." * * * . Will Crooks told a good story relating to Mr Barns in the House of Commons on Saturday. President of the Local Government Board was Iressing a meeting by the riverside, so close that 3 rising tide was wetting the feet of the audience. no man insisted on interrupting, until a stentorian oice exclaimed "Shall we chuck him in the river John ?" " Ah, no ! said Mr. Burns, " I must remind you that under a section of the Local Government Act of 1889 it is a punishable offence to pollute a river." * * * There was a humorous incident connected with the recent stay of his Majesty the King at Brighton. The n truth of the story is vouched for by a rev. gentleman 'Y who relates that a few days ago a boy walked up to IIY his Majesty as he was walking along the esplanade at jog Hove and said to him, " Mister, can you tell me the 'Pm, time? " " Yee," replied the King, taking out his ,e to watch. "It is a quarter to one." The boy then the informed his Majesty that he had "been aerating two , rest hours to see the blooming King," adding, " lam not on by going to wait any longer.' "Neither shall I," replied ctarian the King as he resumed hie walk. His Majesty him- self afterwards related the incident with much gusto. * * * krrington In the debate upon Lord Robert Cecil's Public present Meeting Bill—which may possibly deter some of the ossess an suffragette wreckers—Lord Newton observed that he at reason- supposed no bill ever passed with greater rapidity 'Ors of the through the House of Commons since the Dynamite d was the Bill. The official title of the bill referred to was the Explosive Substances Pill, and it was one of the panic about M bills of the coercion era. The trial of the Phcenix vered eppre- Park murderers, followed by an explosion at West- that Canon minster and the alleged discovery of a nitro-glycerine he attempted manufactory at Birmingham, induced Sir William Publicly. For Harcourt, who was then Home Secretary, in intro- ' might have &icing the bill on April 9, 1883, to ask the House to Bill had passed." proced with all the stages of the bill at once. It was ,roublesorne fact, read the first and second times, considered in Corn- god the subject mittee, and read the third time within two hours. Its :kly as possible. passage was equally rapid through the House of ta show that Lords, and the Royal assent was given at noon on the a much magni- following day. : "He was told ** * iere were parishes in A ludicrous blunder perpetrated by the billposter ; into their schools, has attracted some attention in Liverpool. The com- mittee of the Welsh Choral Union decided that on the at the right of entry Lorne clergy did not go 2y P 7th March the would reduce for the first time in Liverpool, Granville Bant.ock'e new work, " Omar Dais was also a very Khayyam," with the following principals :—Miss anything but a warm Phyllis Lett, Mr. Philip Brozel, and Mr. Frederick , the Rector's brethren. Austin. Unfortunately, however, the billposter had Tillie were certainly full not been sufficiently instructed as to the order in caused disquiet in the which he should display what—in the absence of any lit strikes us as being a better description—may be described as his "sectional , ncidence that our con- sheets." and his acquaintance with Persian literature .h publish a full report of being somewhat scanty, the result was startling. The inus the Rector's views on hug,o poster announced, quite rightly, that on March ill. Gan this be the new or 27th a performance would be given of Granville aa Bantock's new work, but added the surprising information that the principals would be Miss Phyllis It is re-assuring to learn Lett, Mr. Philip Brozel, and Mr. Omar Khayyam (first F that not much more time time in Liverpool). ;N. is to be lost before the " * * * A well-remembered Warrington man, Mr. Edward beneficent Act for the Porritt, who is writing the series of articles for the ' is to School Children is put into e Liverpool Daily Post and Mercury" on the revision rington. Nearly twelve months of the United States tariff at Washington, has had the pied in making the preliminary honour of being invited by President Eliot, of Harvard it now the machinery seems to be University, to deliver a special course of lectures on or and the sunply of meals should English history to the students of that famous ' a the New Year. A little hitch American 13 niversity. He will deliver about forty : itly, the Town Council considering lectures in all, and the period dealt with will be that harged for the necessary utensils which lies between the end of the American Revolu- agent and the consequence was that tion (1783) and the incoming of the Campbell- archases was referred back. The corn- Bannerman Administration, in 1900. Mr. Perrin is cover, adheres to its position, maintain- a journalist of wide experience, and received his the expenditure is quite reasonable, early training at Warrington and has since worked he monthly meeting on Monday some in the Press galleries of the Legislatures at West of the Town Council who have els) seats minster, Ottawa, and Washington. He has made a ;ducation Committee were taken severely special study of modern English history, and the ior absenting themselves from Committee invitation to lecture at Harvard may be said to be and reserving their criticisms for the the first public recognition of the work he did iIS Jouncil. While the Council's power of revision writing the," Hi tory 91 the Uli re! ormed House f uestioned, there is nevertheless a great deal Commons ' an exhaustive work of two volumes. His o said against this attitude. Very often most recent work is " Sixty Years of Protection in Canada," published last year, of which Macmillan's erplanation at the Education Committee have undertaken to bring out a revised and extended edition.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Two of our special Christmas features possess a certain amount of local interest. On page 2 is an article entitled " Dickens and the Christmas Ghost," written by Mr. George Edgar, a Warrington born journalist who at one time was in the service of the " Examiner." On page 3 Mr. Harold Bindloss, eldest son of Mr. E. W. Bindloss, formerly of Stockton Heath. contributes a short story entitled " Beverley's Christmas Gift." * * Many of our readers will be glad to learn that we have had news from Mr. Fred Stott, who is in Wellington, New Zealand. Writing under date, November Oth, he says : "It was a real pleasure, after being nine weeks without news, to read your paper. lam still looking for work. Trade is not very good, and there are plenty of unemployed." We hope we shall hear better news of Mr. Stott by the next mail.

* * * It is difficult to see what authority the French experts have for proclaiming as the "missing link" the recently unearthed gentleman whose remains show that, some 170,000 years ago, he used to walk on all fours, and was quite unable to smile, although his skull is distinctly a human one. "Consul" who is "alive and kicking" at Warrington to-day, has surely a better claim to the title of "missing link." * * . . _

Mr. Will Crooks told a good story relating to Mr John Burns in the House of Commons on Saturday. The President of the Local Government Board was addressing a meeting by the riverside, so close that the rising tide was wetting the feet of the audience. ' One man insisted on interrupting, until a stentorian voice exclaimed "Shall we chuck him in the river John " "Au, no ! said Mr. Burns, " I must remind you that under a section of the Local Government Act of 1889 it is a punishable offence to pollute a river." *.*.

There was a humorous incident connected with the recent stay of his Majesty the King at Brighton. The truth of the story is vouched for by a rev. gentleman who relates that a few days ago a boy walked up to his Majesty as he was walking along the esplanade at Hove and said to him, " Mister, can you tell me the time ? " " Yes," replied the King, taking out his watch. "It is a quarter to one." The boy then informed his Majesty that he had "been waiting two hours to see the blooming King," adding, " lam not going to wait any longer.' " Neither shall I," replied the King as he resumed his walk. His Majesty him- self afterwards related the incident with much gusto. * * In the debate upon Lord Robert Cecil's Public Meeting Bill—which may possibly deter some of the suffragette wreckers—Lord Newton observed that he supposed no bill ever passed with greater rapidity through the House of Commons since the Dynamite Bill. The official title of the bill referred to was the Explosive Substances Bill, and it was one of the panic bills of the coercion era. The trial of the Phoenix Park murderers, followed by an explosion at West- minster and the alleged discovery of a nitro-glycerine manufactory at Birmingham, induced Sir William Harcourt, who was then Home Secretary, in intro- ducing the bill on April 9, 1883, to ask the House to proced with all the stages of the bill at once. It was read the first and second times, considered in Com- mittee, and read the third time within two hours. Its passage was equally rapid through the House of Lords, and the Royal assent was given at noon on the following day.

* * * A ludicrous blunder perpetrated by the billposter has attracted some attention in Liverpool. The com- mittee of the Welsh Choral Union decided that cm the 27th March they would proiuce, for the first time in Liverpool, Granville Bantock's new work, " Omar Khayyam," with the following principals :—Miss Phyllis Lett, Mr. Philip Brozel, and Mr. Frederick Austin. Unfortunately, however, the billposter had not been sufficiently instructed as to the order in which he should display what—in the absence of any better description—may be described as his "sectional sheets." and his acquaintance with Persian literature being somewhat scanty, the result was startling. The hug,o poster announced, quite rightly, that on March 27th a performance would be given of Granville Bantock's new work, but added the surprising information that the principals would be Miss Phyllis Lett, Mr. Philip Brozel, and Mr. Omar Khayyam (first time in Liverpool)."

* * * A well-remembered Warrington men, Mr. Edward Porritt, who is writing the series of articles for the " Liverpool Daily Post and Mercury" on the revision of the United States tariff at Washington, has had the honour of being invited by President Eliot, of Harvard University, to deliver a special coarse of lectures on English history to the students of that famous American university. He will deliver about forty lectures in all, and the period dealt with will be that which lies between the end of the American Revolu- tion (1783) and the incoming of the Campbell- Bannerman Administration, in 1900. Mr. Porritt ia a journalist of wide experience, and received his early training at Warrington and has since worked in the Press galleries of the Legislatures at West- minster, Ottawa, and Washington. He has made a special study of modern English history, and the invitation to lecture at Harvard may be said to be the first public recognition of the work he did in writing the "History of the Unreformed House of Commons," an exhaustive work of two volumes. His most recent work is " Sixty Years of Protection in Canada," published last year, of which Macmillan's have undertaken to bring out a revised and extended edition.

A return of rates in a number of towns in the year ‹mding Mtrch next exhibits again what has been going on now for several years—the tendency for local charges to rise in amount. Five boroughs— East Ham, Halifax, Norwich, Swansea, and Wolver- hampton pay between Ss. and Os. in the £, that in the eastern city being only 2cl. below half a sovereign. Rates of over Ss. In the £ are levied at Bacup, Brighouse, Dewsbury, Hull, Huddersfield, Lceds, Manchester, Middlesborogh, Northampton Salford, Southampton, Stafford, Wakefield, Wigan, and Preston. There are many more in the is to Ss. list, including Warrington with exactly 7s. Oxford is the lowest rated in over seventy largo boroughs, the charge there being only 49. 51, a drop of 3d. in the £ on last year. Lancaster (43. 101) is the only ()Vier town under :ie.

* * * The Rev. A. 1/. Mitchell, Vicar of Buttonwood, is nothing if not downright in his criticisms. His latest tirade, published in the Buttonwood Parish Magazine, is delivered against the time-honoured practice of Christmas feasting. Possibly it is less abused now than ever it was, but this does not lessen the vigour of the Vicar's denunciations: "'Eat' is the motto of the world's greatest birth- day and the days which follow ; 'eat, eat on, eat more, rat ever, eat till you can eat no more '—and then? Why, as soon as possible, begin to gorge again. Happiness is in proportion to appetite ! Ceasing to eat you limit enjoyment and restrain happiness ; such at least is the law of the mince pie." The vicar is shocked especially to think that "all altars must give praer to the kitchen altar at Christmastide. Moloch must be first, Christ may be second, probably third." * * * From his position as chairman of the Conservative Club, Councillor Fulton-Smith has A right to instruct " the members politically. He gave them a lesson on Tuesday evening, in the course of which he said' Tho Government have done very little during the past session." We do not quarrel with him on this account, but we cannot help reflecting on the difference the point of view makes. If one conveni- ently forgets half the Government has done, and calls the other h ilf useless, it is natural to conclude that the Government has done "very little." This is the style of argument which satisfies many a " stout Conservative." Councillor Fulton-Smith also said that Socialism was "-the ultimate goal the Govern- ment had been aiming at." Well, the Socialists do not think so or they would not split the Liberal vote at the by-elections hnd put the Tory in. The Coun- cillor may be a good club chairman but he handles his politicil cue clumsily.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
XMAS paEsEIS TS.

GOOD; PLEASING; USEFUL; FURS, MUFFS, BLOUSES, GLOVES, BELTS, HANDKERCHIEFS, SKIRTS, UMBRELLAS, TIES, FANCY COLLARS, .S:c., &c. STYLES NEW. PRICES KEEN.

AV. T. WILLI A ms, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY ST.,

WARRINGTON.

LOCAL NEWS.

Attempted Suicide. About six o'clock on Tuesday evening Alfred Rickhuss (aged 45), residing at 43, Heath-street, Stockton Heath, was admitted to the Infirmary suffer- ing from self-inflicted injuries to his throat. He is not expected to recover.

New Cheshire Magistrates. Amongst the gentlemen just appointed Justices of the Peace for the County of Chester are : —Mr. S. W. .Gould, Foxley Hail, Lymtn, and Mr. A. W. Callender Lynam, and Mr. Herbert Congreve, South Bank, Moore, Any CRINA TEA SEavicas, 43 pieces 123. 61. J.S. GenLaND, 51, Bridge-street,Warrington.—Advt. New Year's Eve. A watchnight service will he held at Wycliffe Con- gregational Church on New Year's Eve at 11.15 p.m. At Golborne-street Baptist Church the arrangements are : - 7.30, service of song (reader, Mr. H. Roberts); 9 o'clock, hot supper; 11 o'clock, watchnight service. Accident at lam Forge. James Doughty, 36, Catherine-street, was fAlowing his employment at Dallam Forge on Monday afternoon when he was crushed between two waggons. Ho was at once conveyed with all speed to she Infirmary,where lie was found to be suffering from serious injuries to the lower part of the body. Table, Floor, and Hanging LAMPS. Latesteesigns now showing. See windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51- 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Accident In a Goods Yards. An accident occurred in the Midland Railway goods yard at six o'clock last evening. A. carter named Frank Kirkham, employed by Messrs. IL A. Naylor, Ltd., was unloading a hurry-load of timber when the horse suddenly started forward and Kirkham was thrown to the ground, the wheels passing over one of his legs. He was conveyed to the Infirmary and detained. Ragged School Soup Kitchen. The above kitchen has been opened for three days this week and the committee have given over 60 gallons of soup and 2001bs. of bread daily to hundreds of hungry and hdlf-starved people. The committee again desire to tender their sincere thanks to those who have helped, and ask for further support to enable them to carry on this good work.

; DaII

Death of Miss Boyle. Many of our readers will regret to hear of the death of Miss E. Boyle, who passed away at the Infirmary on Sunday morning. The deceased lady was admitted to the institution at her own earnest request on December 14th, Dr. G. W. Joseph, her medical attendant, making the necessary arrangements. Miss Boyle was for many years a most diligent worker on behalf of the Parish Church, and she also gave mucl, valuable help to such worthy objects as the Infirmary Women's Collection Fund, and the Infirmary Bazaar. PUBLIC BENRFIT UNDER. TUN CLOCK FORBEST BOOTS IN LANCASII UM—Advt. Taxation of Land Values. At their December meeting the members of the Warrington Branch of the English League fer the Taxation of Land Values passed the following resolu- tion : " That this League expresses the hope that the Government will take the earliest opportunity of introducing a sound measure of Land Reform by taxing land values in accordance with pledges already given both as a means of raising revenue and of dealing with the problem of unemployment by pro- moting a more profitable use of the land, and that copies of this resolution be sent to the Prime Minister, the Chanceller of the Exchequer and our Member."

Secondary School Re-Union. Complete success attended the second annual re-union of old students of the Warrington Secondary School and Pupil Teachers' Centre, which was held at the school on Saturday evening. There was a gather- ing of old pupils to the number of about 150, from places as far distant as London and Dundee, and staff and students spent a very enjoyable evening. A short farce, played by five of the older staldents, opened the evening and was followed by whist and dancing. After the presentation of whist prizes by the Principal (Jr. E. S. A.. Robson), the proceedings came to an end at 11 p.m., with the dancing of "Sr Roger de coverley," and the singing of " Auld Lang Syne."

'LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs &Colds. Relieves Asthma and difficult breathing. 90., Is. lid.—Advt. Musical Society's Concert. We would remind our readers that the second subscription concert of the season in connection with the Warrington Musical Society, will be held in the Parr Hall on Saturday (Boxing Day) at 7.30 p.m. A miscellaneous programme of more than usual attractiveness has been arranged and a rich musical treat is promised. The items will include Elgar's " Banner of St. George," and Christmas carols. The following artistes will appear : —Mr. Arthur Catterall, solo violin ; Mr. Horatio Connell, baritone ; Miss Clarice Newall, solo pianoforte. The orchestra will play two selections which are always welcomed : Overture " Zampa " (Herca) and " Three Dances from Henry VIII." (Germs). Spacial interest attaches to the first appearance of Miss Clarice Ne wall, a gifted young pianist, who will play Mendelssohn's "Pianoforte Concerto in G. Minor." Mr. F. H. Crossley will conduct the usual chorus and orchestra of over 200 performers. Seats may be booked at Mr. R. H. Pearson's, Bridge-street.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Thursday, December 24, 1908.

Alleged Housebreaking. At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, morning, James Towey, labourer, of no settled abode, was charged with breaking and entering the dwelling- house of William Allman, 52, Allen-street, on Saturday night, with intent to commit a felony. - The Chief Constable said the prisoner was fortunately discovered in the house More he could steal anything. In all probability other charges would be preferred against Lim, and a remand was necessary. —Prisoner was remanded for eight days.—Michael Moran,ironworker, of no settled abode, was also remanded in connection with breaking and entering the premises of William Furnival, Bewsey-street, on Saturday night. Prisoner, to gain an entrance, smashed a pane of glass, the noise of which caused the house dog to bark and break loose which attractad a little girl, who informed the prosecutor. Prisoner was found lying on some straw, pretending to be asleep. A Pair of "Douvros " ORNINIENTS make a choice

and acceptable present. Stock ranges from 55. to .£5 per pair.—J. S. aIIt.LAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Penny Popular Concerts. There was again a crowded attendance at the penny popular concert held in Bold-street school on Saturday evening and an admirable programme afforded great delight. Songs were creditably given by Miss Emily Taylor and Mr. N. Greenough. The voices of the Apollo Quartette Party blended well in severad selec- tions and Mr. Bert Hollinsworth supplied several highly amusing humorous songs. The Two Maw, sketch artistes and musicians, gave popular items. Next Saturday evening the artistes will be :—Miss Ruth Cocking (Manchester), Miss Andrews (Liver- pool), Mr. Stewart, venttiloquist Manchester), Mr. Edwin Neild, entertainer (Manchester), Miss Ethel Kent, child pianist (Manchester), Mr. G. Barratt, humorist (Loudon), and the celebrated performing dog. LINSEED COMPOUND with warm water is an excellent gargle for sore throat. —Advt.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTION PETITION.

Commissioner Appointed and Date

Fixed.

We understand that Mr. W. J. Brooks, barrister on the Midland Circuit, has been appointed a Commis- soiner to try the petition lodged by Mr. James Armitage Rushrirorth against the return to the Council of Mr. Peter Peacock for Orford Ward.

The date of the inquiry has been fixed for February 2nd.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS CHORAL SERVICES.

WYCLIFFE CLIIIRCE.

A Christmas Choral service was held at Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday evening when selec- tions from "The Messiah " were given by the choir assisted by a number of friends. There was a good congregation and it was the general opinion that the music was beautifully interpreted and reflected the greatest credit upon all concerned. The soloists were heard to great advantage. Miss J. Armstrong sang "0 Thou that tellest," " He shall feed His flock" and " He was despised and rejected," very expressively, and Miss A. Griffiths acquitted herself well in "There were Shepherds" and "Rejoice greatly." Mr. F. Brown sang" But who may abide," "The people that walked in darkness" and " Why do the nations" with fine effect, and Mr. A. Griffiths' pure-toned voice found good scope in "Comfort ye" and "Every valley." The choir did full justice to the choruses •4 And the glory," "For unto us a Child is born," " Glory to God," All we like sheep," " Lift up your heads " and " Hallelujah." Valuable service was rendered by an orchestra consisting of the following :—First violins : Messrs. NV. Brown, T. L. Frain and A. Knowles • second violins : Mr. NV. Brough and Mrs. fiaviour ; : Mr. H. Bond; organ: Mr. T. F. Wallington; bass: M. R. Whitfield. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac.,as an able conluctor.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYAN CETI:MOLL

A Christmas choral service consisting of selection from "The Messiah" was held at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening. There was a large attend- ance and the choir gave highly creditable renderings of the music. The solos were pleasingly sung as follows : "Comfort ye" and" Every valley,"" Thy rebuke" and " Behold and see," " He was cut off" and " But Thou didst not leave" by Mr. Tynan; "For behold darkness" and "The people that walked,"" Why do the nations "I by Mr. E. H. Pearce ; " There were shepherds," " Rejoice greatly " and " Come unto Fllm " by Miss Hipkiss ; " Thai shall the eyes," "Ha shall feed His flock," " lie was despised " by Miss Avice Beswick. One of the most Impressive items was" The trnmpot shall sound "by Mr. Pearce, the trumpet obligato being splendidly played by Mr. W. Rutter. Mr. T. W. Pearce ably presided at the organ and praise is also due to Mr. Hipkiss, the choirmaster. An appropriate address was given by the Rev. Thomas Madding.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.

A musical service was held at this church on Sunday evening, when the choir gave an admirable rendering of "Noel,' a church cantata for the festival of Christmas, the words being by Samuel Bath and the music by Ernest A. Dicks. There was a large congre- gation. Mr. E. Wilkes presided at the organ, and the soloists were Miss Armstrong, Mrs. Cottrell, Mr. C. F. Roberts (Liverpool Cathedral), Mr. Leonard Aukland (who formed the quartette party), and Mr. E. Walker. Mr. Roberts was suffering from a cold, bat he sang well especially in "Comfort ye,"which was given by special request at the conclusion of the cantata. The solos and choruses were all most creditable and the members of the choir are to be congratulated upon their excellent work.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Immense interest has been aroused in Warrington by the visit of Consul, the famous chimpanzee, to the Palace and Hippodrome. Consul is described asi the "almost man," and the" missing link " which proves the Darwinian theory of evolution. Certainly he is the most remarkable and highly trained ape which has ever been exhibited before the public. There can be little doubt, that, in addition to his alrn )st human appearance, Consul is the possessor of a brain which , is capable of demonstrating a certain amount of intelligence. To see this monkey sit at table in dress , clothes and eat with the ordinary implements in quite a well-behaved fashion is a sight not to be readily forgotten. Consul finishes the meal with a ' cigarette, which he lights and consumes with the air of a connoisseur. Among his other feats are dressing and undressing, and the riding of a tricycle. Even if he cannot talk,Consul can make a noise exceedingly like a child's laugh. Delighted crowds have been the order at the Hippodrome this week, and the young chimpanzee is quite a favourite. The other turns are rather eclipsed, but they contribute to an attractive programme. Rastus and Banks, the coloured entertainers, are a popular pair. Rastus does some remarkable dancing, and his lady partner some pleasing singing. Margaret Radcliffe is again to the fore with popular illustrated songs, the choruses of which goes with a swing Captain Devereux introduces an accomplished troupe of dogs, who appear in a unique representation of the streets of London including the arrest of a huge canine beggar by a diminutive doggy policeman. Johnny Holland and Co. again present a laughable sketch, the title this week being "My Friend Boots" in which Mr. E. W. Edmonds, Miss Rita Warne, and Mr. John Holland appear. The latter is the life and soul of the piece, and as the boots-policeman is Iscreamingly funny. An uncommon item is provided by the Primrose Comedy Four, a qoartette of male part singers who appear in a " Song Scena " Their voices blend very harmoniously, and some of the vocal numbers were very cordially received. Lily Arthur , pats plenty of go into her songs and dancing and bids fair to become an accomplished cemedienne.

There will be a grand matinee with fall stir com- pany at 2.30 on Boxing Day. NEXT WEEK'S PRO3RAMIE.

1 Another attractive programme is announced for 'next week. The bill is headed by Dolly Elsworthy, " The Orango Girl "an other artistes will be t Hyde and Cody Trio, ecaentrics in unique tricks ; The Walton% eoaentric gymnasts ; Julian Ross, conaedian ; Roe and 'Vold, ia comedy wire act ; Betson's comedy cyclists in " & tramp's holiday Johnny Dwyer, the versttile comedian.

"I cannot make it ont," said Kr. Harris, the mill owner. " Every winter T have had a crowd of ray hands off work through colds and influenza, hut nobody loses an hour now, what is the cause of it? '" That's easily told," I said, " they know a good thing when they meet it, and buy Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, which settles any cough."—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A Lunatic's Legacy.

REMARKABLE DISCUSSION.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. G. Mather presiding. There ware also present : Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Collingwood, Rev. M. Ryan, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Evans, J. Billinge, W. Furness, M. W. Seton, A. Brooks, R. Bolton, R. Lee, R. Forshaw, A. Bottomley (clerk), R. W, Peacock, (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright, (superintendent of Cottage Homes).

===== 0002601_19081224_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
COTTA.CIE 1161 IRS CONTRACTS,

At a meeting of the Cottage Homes Committee, it was decided that orders upon tradesmen daring the Lady Day quarter be placed as follows :—Drugs, Messrs. Hill and Co. ; paints and brushes, etc., Mr. Whittle ; plumbing, Messrs. S. and F. Acton; repairs to machinery, Mr. C. Cotton ; wood and ironwork repairs, Mr. Thos. Smith ; ironmongery, Mr. El. N. Houghton; team labour, Sir. J. L. Fryer ; repairs to clock' s Mr. Fearnley ; dentistry, Mr. Taylor ; seeds and farm requisites, Mr. Starkey ; repairs to spectacles, Mr. J Rymer Young. The minutes were approved. A LUNATIC'S LEGACY. REMARKABLE DISCUSSION.

At a meeting of the House Committee the Charm reported that Mr. W. Hickman had repaid to the solicitor acting on behalf of Sergeant Richards, an inmate of the Workhouse, the whole of the money he had received from Richards' estateand, if the Guardians were prepared to receive this sum, the solicitor was prepared to pay to the Guardians a cheque for this amount.—lt was moved by Mr. EVANS seconded by Mr. W. C. BROOKS, that the Clerk be instructed to receive, on behalf of the Guardians, 4 cheque for the amount referred to.—For, 4 votes ; against, 5 votes.—The CHAIRMAN declared the motion lost. _

-- The CHAIRMAN moved and Mr. JOLLEY seconded the adoption of the minutes. Mr. A. BROoK3 asked the Clerk to make a statement with regard to the repayment mentioned above. It seemed to him that a question like that should not go through without on explanation to the full Board. It looked like smugggling through what to some of the House Committee seemed to be a grave offence. Although the House Committee had done nothing but what every member of the Board would have done if he bad had to deal with it—it was perhaps done ont of good nature—it seemed to him that a public body like the Board should be put in possession of the full facts before a minute like that was confirmed. The CLERK said information came to him a month or so ago that an inmate of the Workhouse named Sergeant Richards had come into some money in February last, at a time when he was chargeable to the Union as a lunatic and detained in the Workhouse Infirmary. He made inquiries and found that the man was entitled to a sum of £52 10s. 2d. under the will of a relative who had died near Wolverhampton.He was also informed that the money was in the hands of Mr. Hickman, of Warrington. He interview6d Mr. Hickman who told him that he had the money and that he would be prepared to pay to the Guardians the balance he had left after taking out certain moneys which were due to him from the man, He (the Clerk) told Mtn that he was not prepared at the time to iteCept the balance from him and, acting on the instructions of the House Committee, whose resolution was approved by the Board, he went further into the matter' with the result that he was approached by a solicitor who told him he WAs acting on behalf of Mr. Hickman and that the amount which he had received in the first instance had been repaid by hint to Sergeant Richards' estate. He (the Clerk) brought it before the House Committee at the last meeting and asked them if they were prepared to receive the money but, according to the resolution the Committee were not prepared to receive that sum, The CHAIRMAN : What surn ig that? The CLERK: The sum Mr. Hickman has repaid and which he received is about £44. The full amount is £52 10s. 2d. but he did not receive the full amount— only £4B odd, which is minus the solicitors' expenses of obtaining the money. Miss BROADBENT said she did not quite understand this business. She moved an amendment that the money he accepted. Mr. R. LER seconded. Mr. BOLTON was also in favour of accepting the money. Mr. JOLLEY contended that the resolution of the House Committee was a reasonable and proton one. The members of the Committee expressed themselves extremely dissatisfied with the events which had led up to this.. It was perfectly clear to the members of the Committee that Mr. Hickman had no right whatever to any portion of the money and the Committee declined to accept any portion of the money less than the whole amount,whatever excuses were offered for the pronosed deduction from it. Mr. Brooks appeared to think it was open to grave doubt whether the Board as a public body ought to accept the money at all in the circum- stances, and whether they ought not to take steps by legal process to recover the money, as custodians of this unfortunate old man who bad been there as a certified lnnatio for a long time and whose property was in the possession of Mr. PHickman. The process by whidh Mr. Fliokman obtained possession of that property he could not speak about, because had no direct knowledee of it. Several state- ments had been made in an informal way but it was perfectly clear that by no proper process could property of a certified lunatic under thecontrol of the Guardians pass into the hands of arty individual. The resolution did not say that the matter was at an end. What the House Committee said was that they refused to make terms. The Clerk was instructed to demand the pay- ment of the whole of the money to which this poor old man was entitled and that action had been confirmed by the Board. It would be lamentable that a public body should descend to haggle about a matter of £3 or £4 when the issue at stake was not a matter of money but of principle. Miss BROADBENT : If we went through with the first resolution, it would implicate the solicitor. The CHATRM AN : It is not our business. The Rev. M. Ryas, as one who dissented from Mr. Jolley, pointed out that the committee was not any- thing like unanimous in the matter.He believed that in taking charge of the money Air. Hickman was acting as the man's agent. Whatever legal expenses had been incurred by Mr. Hickman would have been equally incurred if the money had been first acquired by the , Guardians. He did not think the Board would suffer in I the least by accepting the offer and he did not see where the principle came in.Tt would settle the matter and let sleepings dogs lie. He was afraid the Board had not had a good name lately and this would only make it worse.

tfr. EvAss said the main point of difference in the Committee was with regard to the expenses of the solicitor. It was not altogether against the principle, that they vote.-1, but against the redaction of the amount. Mr. Jolley's position was that the Board should not sacrifice what principle was involved in the matter,

_ The CHAIRMAN : Mr. Hickman has already handed the money hack to the estate—the whole of it. The CLErm : All that he had, Mr. EVANS : Do Vol mean to say Mr. Hickman is prepared to give us £52 103. instead of £43 10s. The CLERK: No. Mr. Hickman has never had .C 52 105. He has paid back to the solicitor the whole of the money he has received. Mr. EVANS said that as there was so little difference he did not see that it would he worth while to contend for principle and spend more of the money. Were the Guardians justified in spending money in getting the amount through legal channels ? He presumed they could not get it without. Mrs. COLLTNOwOOO : How was it Mr. Hickman got the money at all ? is it not the fault of the 11 ATI of Guardians that they did not get the money, if the man is in their charge ? Mr. ANVIIERY (master) at the request of the Chairman stated what be knew of the case. So far as his recollec- tion served him, some months ago Mr. Hickman came to the Workhouse and made a personal application to have the old man Richards out for a few hours, stating that he would be responsible for him and bring him back. He believed Mr. Hickman Said he wanted the man on a little private business. He (Mr. AwberY) readily consented to the application and Mr. Hickman took the.man and -bronght him back again. He subse- quently came to see him on two or three occasions and brought him some tobacco. No mention was ever made of Richards having had some money left to him, so far as his personal knowledge went, and he (Hr. Awbery) had no idea the man had money. The CLERK said that when he saw Mr. Hickman he told him that he had been waiting for the right people to call upon him for the money. Mr. A. BROOKS said the point on which the gravity of the whole thing rested was : Did the master think Mr. Hickman knew the man was a certified lunatic? Mr. AWRERY : That lv cannot answer. lie knew he was in the lunatic.ward. Mr. ROBERT LEE said he understood Mr. Hickman had acted as Richards' agent in the whole matter. Mr. BROOKS : A man cannot act on the signature of a lunatic.

_ Mr. EVANS said he believed Mr. Hickman was acting in the capacity of trustee. Mr. La R : He did not know the man was a lunatic. _ _

Mr. iiimANcE suggested that it would be in the interests of all concerned if Mr. Hickman could appear before the House Committee. gost of the members bad a knowledge of Mr. Hickman and they believed he would do the right thing. Unfortunately Mr. Hickman had been there and found a person chargeable to the Guardians and apparently had not the presence of mind to report the fact to the principal officer of the Guardians that the man was the possessor of a legacy and apply to the Guardians as to what should be done with reference to his chargeability Mr. FlvAss admitted it was an unfortunate circum- stance that Mr. Hickman did not apply to the I Guardians. He. however, thought it would be better to accept the offer made the committee. The money would not increase by any other action they might take.

Tare Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds; It never fails. Is. lid., 2s. 9J.—Advt.

Mr. FursixEss thought Mr. Hickman should have an opportunity of attending the House Committee. The voting was as follows :—For the amendment that the offer be accepted : Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Simpson, Rev. M. Ryan, Messrs. Bolton, Evans, Seton and Lee-7. Against: Mrs. Collingwood, Messrs. Billings, A. Brooks, Jolley, Forshaw' Furness and the Chairman-7. The Chairman gave his casting vote against the amendment. _

It was then agreed that Mr. Hickman be asked to attend the next meeting of the House Committee, Miss Broadbent only dissenting from this course.

CONTRACTS. The House Committee recommended that the following tradesmen be appointed for Lady Day quarter: viz- : blacksmith's work,Mr.Throssell; electrical requisites,Mr. Harry Rogers; ironmongery,Mr.H.N.Houghton; painting requisites, Mr. Edward Allen ; builder's requisites, Mr. Wallington; stationery, Messrs. Hardirnan ; yeast, Mr. Walker ; straw, Mr. Barlow ; crockery, qr. Bailey ; horse and hearse hire, Mr. 11. F. Greenough ; plumbing requisites, Messrs. S. and F. Acton.

INCREASES OB SALARY. The Board approved the following increases of salary :—Mr. John Jones, shoemaker at the Cottage Homes, from £29 83. to £34 Bs. per annum ' • lir. Frederick Yates, tailor at the Cottage Homes, from £29 Sc. to £34 Bs. per annum ; Miss Emily Bennett, nurse and general assistant at the Cottage Homes, from £l9 3s. Bd. to £2O per annum • Miss Alica j. Bennett, industrial trainer at the Cottage Humes, from £2O to £2l per annum and Miss Sarah A. Warburton, industrial trainer at the Cottage Homes, from £2O to £2l per annum.

INCRRASR IN RELIEF. The CLERK submitteda Parliamentary return showing the amount expended on Poor Relief during the half- year ended Lady Day, 1908. The \Varrington Union, showed an increase of 15 per cont. the amount expended being £974. The increase in the ‘Varrington Union was the third highest in Lancashire. Taking the whole county of Lancashire, there was a decrease of £644. The CHAIRMAN : We have more in the Workhouse now.

_ The CLERK : But the return is for the half-year ended Lady Day last. Mr. EVANS asked for the increase in outdoor relief but the Clerk said he had not the figures for the previous hat f-year. Mr. EvAss said there was no doubt the effect of the Old-Age Pensions Act would be to increase outdoor relief. He did not see how it could act otherwise. A person might be receiving outdoor relief, who was otherwise fully entitled to a pension. There was abso- lutely nothing against his character and hi 4 Leighbour who had not received relief would get a pension. He (Mr. Evans) did not see that the effect of the Old Age Pensions Act upon the Guardians could be other than to induce them to deal liberally with such a case.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE_ NURSING A S.'S OCIATION,

The CLERK read a letter from Mr. H. Roberts, hen. treasurer of the Warrington District Nursing Associa- tion, enclosing copy of an appeal for increased sub- scriptions. In his letter Mr. Roberts conveyed the warm appreciation of the Committee for the substantial help they had hitherto received from the Board. The Guardians would probably be aware that the Association was not yet self-supporting, and it was of great import- ance that a further £l2O a year at least should be secured if the present number of nurses was to be main tamed. He need hardly point out the probability that the work of the Association in some measure supple- mented outside the ercellent work which the Guardians Well-managed and finely equipped hospital did for those whose circumstances compelled their admission thereto. He hoped the Guardians would see their way to- grant an increased subscription. In answer to the Chairman, the CLERK said the Board's present subscription was £2O. The CHAIRMAN : I think it is a very good subscription. The letter was referred to the Finance Committee.

OOMPLIMENTS OP THE SEASON. At the close of the meeting the CHAIRMAN; heartily wished all the members a Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMASTIDE. _— Local Preparations for the Festivities.

There is nothing particularly "Chrisimassy " in the atmosphere as yet, and the prospects are that the traditional weather will be left entirely to the imagination this Yuletide. But if the "old-fashioned" conditions are conspicuously lacking, the appearance or the streets speaks eloquently of the approach of the great festival. The shop windows are a blaze of light and colour and the tradesmen have vied with each other in arranging the most alluring displays of seasonable wares of all descriptions. They have gone to an infinite amount of trouble and no doubt their enter- prise will meet with its due reward. Christmas is pre-eminently a home festival, and there will be few abodes, however lowly, to which the joys of the festive season will not penetrate. Those whose lot it is to spend the day in any of our public institutions will also participate in the rejoicings to some degree. Christmas Day finds the sombreness of the Work- house relieved with tasteful decorations, and naturally the occasion is looked forward to with pleasure for many weeks by the inmates. An abundance of Christmas faro is provided, and some idea of the magnitude of the catering can he gained from the fact that the food to be consumed includes 5301bs of beef, 6001bs. of pudding and 400Ibs. of cake. The inmates of the House number 619, and of the hospital 203, the total being about 109 more than last Christmas. Each man is allowed one pint and each woman half a pint of beer. For those who do not take beer mineral waters are provided. In the evening there will be a Christmas tree for the children, and the usual smoking concert will be held in the dining hall for the adults. Gifts of evergreens have been received from Mr. J. Charlton Parr, Grappenhall Heyes ; Mrs. Rylands, Massey Hall, Thelwall ; Sir Gilbert Greeaall, Bart., Walton Hall ; and Mrs. Broadbent, The Hollies, Latchford ; toys from the Mayor and Mayoress, the children of Fairfield Higher Grade School, and fancy sweets from Mr. Seton. At Padgate Cottage Homes the children will engage in the usual festivities, concluding with a concert in the evening. The Mayelf (Alderman Forslaaw) has kindly arranged for the distribution of hot-pot and mince pies to the deserving poor at the Drill Hall between 11 and 12 nom. It is particularly requested that thoee who apply for the food will bring suitable receptacles. In addition, the Mayor bas shown kindly consideration for several of the military veterans who are in poor circumstances and to day they will be the recipients of Christmas hampers. Christmas is always the busiest time of the year at the Post Office and to-morrow morning the pastrnan will be seen staggering beneath his burden of Christ- mas missives and piesents. Excellent arrangements have been made to cope with the rush and the accommodation at the old Post Office, as well as the handsomely appointed new buildings, is being utilized.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

BIBLE CrAss SocriL.—The Penketh Wesleyan Men's Bible Class annual social was held in the Wesleyan Sunday Schools, on Saturday evening last. There was a large attendance and the proceedings were very enjoyable. Miss Wainwright (Liverpool) gave three elocutionary recitals and earned the hearty applause of the audience. Miss 131Ishaw contributed a solo with good taste, and Mr. Fred Hall proved to be an adept in the playing of the violin. The Bihle Class choir were heard to advantage in their two choruses, which were well rendered. The accompaniments were played by Mrs. C. E. Parker and Miss Irwin. Mr. Holland (President of the Bible Class League) was present and made a few remarks. Refreshments wore provided. Games were indulged in with zest until about 11 p.m. The committee who were responsible for the suc3essful arrangements were :—Messrs. T. Bell, A.T. Clay, J. J. Forien, G. Faulkner, I..flarnpson, J. Ireland, R. Long, Loxley, J. Midwood, C. E. Parker, NV. Moores and Wozencroft.

CONCERT AT TEIF: FRIENDS' Selloor..—Before depart- ing for their Christmas holidays the scholars at the Friends' School gave a breaking-up concert in the lecture hall, on Monday evening. Mr. W. E. Brown presided over a good attendance, which included a large number of visitors from the village. After numerous miscellaneous items an operetta in three acts, entitled "The Wishing Cap," was given. The scholars performed the characters in excellent manner, and the rendering of the songs, dialogues and choruses received well-deserved praise. Credit is due to Miss L. S. Grahttn and Miss Bentley for their admirable arrangements.

AN OPPONENT FOR MR. STEPHEN WALSU,M.P

Mr. Walter Greaves Lord. of Southport, was invited at a meeting at Wigan on Monday, to contest the Ince division of Lancashire in the Unionist interest at the next election. The sitting member is Mr. Stephen Walsh (Labour). Mr. Greaves Lord is a son of the late Mr. Simeon Lord, who was formerly a cotton , spinner and manufacturer' at Platt Bridge, in the Inca division. He was educated at Wigan Grammar School, and afterwards at University College, Liverpool, and graduated at Victoria University with the degree of L.L.S. in 1891 lie CMS Arden Scholar of Grays Inn in 1900, and was called to the Bar the same year. fie joined the Northern circuit. He was chairmln of the Liverpool Junior Conservative Club in 1907-8, and is hon. secretary of the Southport Division Conservative Association.

OUGHT I TO USE GLASSES.—In order to answer this question it is necessary to test the sight. This is done and all information given willingly. JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight Testing Rooms, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. Hours of Business: 9.30 to 7.30. Johnston Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4.30, Wednesday 11 to 5.30. Thurday 11 to 1, and I Friday and Saturday 11 to s.3o.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

LABOURER'S SUDDEN DEATH.

James Furlong, a dock labourer (50), died in a lodging-house in Marsh-street, Widnes,early on Tuesday morning. After supper, on Monday evening, Furlong retired to bed about ten o'clock, but upon the lodging- house attendant going to his bed to arouse him to go to work, life was found to be extinct. Information was at once given to the police, and the body was conveyed to the mortuary.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES UNEMPLOYED.

According to the promise of the Highway Committee to try and find employment for some of the men who are out of work through depression in trade, a great I number presented themselves at the Town Hall on Monday, when the Mayor (Councillor Tom Sraitb) intimated that work could only be found at present for a small number of men. It took some time to pick out the most deserving cases, those with the largest families having preference, and twenty-four were given work at slag breaking, twelve at street repairinE, and six at the gasworks, and as many as could be found work to paint street signs. It was expected that the Post Office work of laying the new cable would be opened on Monday, but orders have been received from London that the work was to lay in abeyance until after Chrisrmas. This news caused disappointment to many of them.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Dis- trict Council was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, under the presidency or Mr. G. Pilling. There were also present :—Messrs. T. Wright, C. Roylance, Spruce, J. Bolshaw, E. Britch, G. Egerton-Warburtorf, J. Whitlow, A. Broome, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. 11. Davies, T. Guest, h. Woodward, W. Harrison, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, G. Watson, R. Nixon, J. Hallows, J. Mynekyme, W. Wlnstanley, C. E. Linaker, jun., W. Weir, W. Turner, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk) W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), and J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances).

LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY ALTERATIONB.

The Clerk read a letter from the Commons and Foot- paths Preservation Society stating that in connection Iwith the London and North-Western Railway Bill statutory notice had been given of the intention of the promoters to seek power to acquire land for railway j purposes within the area Ender the jurisdiction of the Council and asking the Council to secure an undertaking from the company for the erection of swing gates, bridges, subways, stiles and other convenient means of passage where the lines crossed any public carriage ways, bridle ways or footpaths. The Clerk said the plans deposited by the company only showed a small widening at Sutton Weaver and it I would not affect the Council.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Trig HEALTH OF. FRODSHAm.

As requested by the Council, Dr. id-a-rm—e presented a special report on infectious diseases In the parishes of Frodsham and Frodsham Lordship. It showed that during the past four years there had been in the whole rural district 47 cases of typhoid fever and three deaths but not a single case occurred in Frodsham or ' Frodsham Lordship. The scarlet fever cases numbered I ' , 593 with three deaths and in Frodsharn there were 93 cases with three deaths, and in Frodsham Lordship, 19 • cases and no deaths. Of diphtheria there were 25 cases i with 30 deaths, and in Frodsham there were 37 cases with five deaths and in Frodsham Lordship 14 cases and Ino deaths. The average number of cases to the popula- tion in the Frodsham parishes differed to no i unfavourable extend from the remainder of I the district. It was the fate of every • district in its turn to have a bad year or period and the present time was that of the Frodsbam area. He could not point to any specific cause of the outbreak. Observations as to alleged inefficient drainage and sewerage arrangements had been made, but in the absence of any specific complaint or of specific know- ledge on his part of the alleged defects, he would be exceeding his duty if he went further than to convey to the Council the observations addressed to him. Mr. Linaker said he was very gratified to find that Frodsham did not differ from any other part of the district. There had been a great deal of talk as to alleged unhealthy conditions in the parishes, but the report did not bear out that contention. The report was adopted. VICTORIA-ROAD, G RAPPRNII ALL. The Clerk reported that at a meeting of the Grappen- hall Private Street Works Committee the making of Victoria-road was again under consideration. It was resolved that the Clerk make further inquiries with , reference to the use of tarred macadam on steep gradients and ascertain whether it had been used in any ' district sufficiently near to allow a personal inspection; j (2) that the Private Street Works Surveyor be instructed to press the Corporation Water Department to take similar action to the Gls Department by removing the mains from the centre of the road to the , footpaths ; (3) that the District Council Surveyor be , instructed thoroughly to inspsct and make goad all defects in the sewer and manholes in the road so that , there should be no reasonable likelihood of the road- way having to be disturbed after it had been made under the provisions of the Private Street Works Act. The report was adopted. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of I Guardians was held at the Dutton Workhouse on , Tuesday afternoon, Mr. T. Baxter presiding. There I were also present :—Messrs. J. Spruce, C. Roylanee, J. Bolshaw, E. Brach, G. Egerton-Warburton, J. Whitlow, A. Broome P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. If. Davies, T. ' Wright, T. Guest, S. Woodward, W. HarrisOn, G. t Pilling, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, G. Watson, R. Nixon, A. R. Norman, J. Hallows, J. Mynekyme, NV. Winstanley, C. E. Linaker,jun., W. Weir, W. Turner, A. Hainiug, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), T. Cook, J. Pearson and %V. R. de Prez (relieving °Ricers), and T. D. Rollineon (master). OLD AGE PENSIONSI AND OUT-RRLIEF.

The Cl;r—k—prOduced a return of persons_over 70 years i of age in receipt of outdoor relief n the Union. The figures were :—Rdneorn district,Bl; Frodsham district, 152 ; Budsvorth district, 42. I Mr. Uallows suggested that the matter be brought before a committee, so that they could speak their minds. It was a very important thing. The Chairman: It is too big a question to go into at this meeting. Mr. Woodward asked if it was really worth while discussing the question? They had had a semi-official statement to the effect that in the immediate future these cases were to be rernoved from the hands of , Boards of Guardians and were to become eligible for ; old-age pensions in conjunction with those who were , already eligible. They had that statement from a , responsible member of the Cabinet and therefore he did not think it was neoessary to spend time discussing the question. The Chairman : It would be advisable to wait and ; see what is decided. .

Mr. Hallows said there would be important results in this matter. These people would eventually become eligible for pensions but if the Guardians went on adding to their income they might not get the PS nsions. Mr. Davies said that in the Frodsham district alone if all those over seventy received 3s. a week it would make a difference of .C2DO per year. Mr. Haining said what gave rise to th 3 report being asked for, was that Mr. Stokes a fortnight ago said such pitiful,cases came before the Pensions Committee that he was compelled to bring the matter before the Board so that they could go into the whole of the conditions and give small increases of relief where necessary. The proposal was not that all should receive ss. a week. Mr. Woodward said every man who had served on the Relief Supervision Committee know that every case was taken on its individual merits. It was carefully con- sidered and the Guardian representing the district from which the case came was at liberty to make any suggestions for an increase if he thought it was necessary. Mr. Spruce said the relieving officers kept in touch with all these people and on their recommendation the Relief Supervision Committee from time to time increased the amounts allowed. Ile did not think there was any harm done under the present arrangement. The Chairman : lam not sure whether it won't be an evil day n hen we treat the deserving and undeserving alike and give them all Is. a week. A voice : Would it include loafers ? The Chairman : If you must treat everybody alike when they are over seventy, you must give to loafers and everybody. I think the worst of them ought to be forced to come here' instead of giving everybody 55., a week whether they deserve it or not. They get it if they go before the Old Age Pensions Committee and we cannot help ourselves. If they are very deserving we have cases where we give considerably over ss. aweek Mr. Linaker proposed that the papers lie on the table and be kept for future reference. The Chairman said it seemed as if their relieving officers had been put to a great deal of unnecessary trouble and he was not sanguine that they were not going to do very great injury. They were going to destroy thrift altogether if they were going to give Is. a week to people whether they were deserving or not. Mr. Linaker, jun. : We are not giving it at present. The Chairman : No, we are not at present, but this seems to be a proposition to give public money away to everybody. Mr. Ilaining : I think you are making statements in error. There was no such proposition. Continuing he slid that the object of the inquiry was not to give everybody Is. a week but in some of the worst cases of human suffering to give a little extra relief. Ile knew a case at Runcorn of a lady who had led a pure and blameless life and who had been receiving relief for about eighteen months. Yet unless some alteration were made, her relief would remain the same next year while some of her neighbours, whose conduct might not bear comparison with hers, were receiving ss. It was in cases like that that some increase should be given. Mr. Norman said that if Mr. }Lining was deeply interested in a case and thought the woman deserved more he had the opportunity to plead her cause before the Relief Supervision Committee and he did not. think there would be much opposition to his wishes. He (Mr. Norman) had every sympathy with the feeling that it seemed hard on those who bad been receiving

5

parish relief that they shonld be excluded from the old age pensions, but he was sure this would soon be put. right. The Chairman : It will right itself if you wait a few years. Mr. Linake's proposition was agreed to. TUBERCULOSIS.

The Clerk submitted a circular from the Local Government Board with reference to the Public, Health. (Tuberculosis) Regulations 1903, which inaugurate a system of compulsory notification of tuberculosis in the case of all persons in receipt of poor law relief.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS _RELIEF.

The Clerk of the Chorlton Union reported as follows: The Guardians of this Union have decided to allow to their out-door poor extra relief to the extent of is. per case for the week including Christmas Day. To secure uniform treatment this additional amount will also be paid to all cases relieved in this Union on behalf of other Unions. The Guardians further approve the pay- ment to their non-resident poor of such additional relief as may have been decided on in each Union respectively. The Guardians of Barrow-in-Furness Union also intimated that they had adopted a similar course. A NURSE'S RESIGNATION.

The Clerk intimated that Nurse Croughton had sent. in her resignation and her duties would terminate on January 14th. The resignation was accepted and it was decided to advertise for a successor.

TREAT TO THE INMATES. The Master (Mr. RoHinson) reported that the ladies connected with the Brabszon Scheme gave their annual treat to the inmates of the House on Monday, which was greatly appreciated. At the conclusion of the entertainment, toys, sweets and oranges were dis— tributed. Mr. J. G. Kydd, of Frodshain, had kindly offered to giro a gramophone entertainment in the afternoon of Christmas Day.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE LIMITING OF THE WORM:TOT:SR.

The Cle-ri.;el;o-rt-e-d-ti;at-lit -a-Meeting-WI-ha Work- house Lighting Committee held that morning, estimates for the lighting of the building by different systems were considered. It was recommended that an Incanto Acetylene Gas Plant of 120 lights be obtained at a total cost of £134 is. 6d., including plant and fittings, to be carried out in accordance with an estimate of Mr. C. E. Linaker, junr. The minutes were approved, and at the neat meeting it will be proposed that the Authority of the Local Government Board be obtained.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIEVING OFFICER'S SALARY.

At a meeting of the Finance Committee Mr. J. Pearson's application for an increase of his salary as relieving officer was considered and it was recommended that an advance from £9O to £lOO be granted. The minutes were confirmed. TRRATM ENT OF PIITIIISIS. Mr. Woodward reported on the proceedings at a conference held in connection with the North-Western Poor Law Conference to consider the treatment of cases of phthisis. A pro- position was made that there should be notification of all cases of phthisis and that provision should be made by the Guardians for the detention acd care of all cases notified. He moved an amendment that the time was not come when Boards of Guardians should under- take any further expenditure in behalf of phthisioal patients in their districts and strongly recommending that cases coining into the workhouses should be strictly isolated. The amendment was, however, defeated. A Committee was appointed to take a further view of the situation and he was elected a member. It was a matter which must be very carefully watched as It might involve the Guardians in a heavy expenditure which would at present be useless.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ST. JOHN'S MISSION EIALL.

Last Thursday night at the Mission Hall, Logh-street, a service entitled" Song and light," was given by the choir and children under the direction of Mr. T. Martindale. The piece opens with a stately chorus by GO girls, supplemented by the choir, " Sing glory, suitable Scriptural responses being read by Miss Kate Drakefield, who presided. Then followed an exercise "Children of Christmastide," by Maggie Watkinson (" hope "), Amelia Barrett (" Joy,") Ethel Twist (" Peace "), Nellie Halton (" Goodwill"), and Grace Seddon ("Love"). After the chorus " Sung and light " was an exercise by 18 children, who enter to slow music, holding letters in their tight hands. Those whose letters spell " Christ " step forward then a second lot show "mas," the word being thus completed by effective movements. After the full chorus Capt. tlaslam gave an address. Ethel Thane sang the "Angels' Song," Alice Martindale recited "0 dreaming world," and the chorus "0 Judah, take thy harp" followed. Alice Hancock, Gladys Roberts, Bessie Corrin, Alice Hilton, and Lucy Hill came forward, nicely dressed in white. Florrie Marsh recited "Is he a

king ? " May Caunce sang" It is Christmas in heaven," Esther Bailey " Shine on," and Polly Watkinson recited "North wind and fir tree." There are various other choruses, and the piece concluded with " Send forth the evangel." The service was very brightly and satisfactorily rendered.

CONCERT IN AID OF THE N.S.P.C.C. A concert was given in Newton Town Hall, last I Thursday night, in aid of the funds of the above most deserving society. There was a very large and 11 appreciative audience, and at the outset Mr. E. A. White I (local correspondent for the Society) made a few remarks, concluding by expressing thanks to Misses Hartley and Peck for the great trouble they had gone to in arranging the entertainment; he also thanked the audience and the performers. A. very attractive programme opened with two part songs by the pupils, ' Gentle Swallow " (Macbeth), and" Where the bee sucks" (Dr. Arne), in which there was a very agreeable blending of tone. Hilda Davenport recited a pretty story concerning " Flo's letter," and the action song "The Dunces ' (Foxwell) proved a most diverting item, the humour of the piece being well brought out. Irene and Marjorie Tunstall gave a very clever Dutch dance in costume. Each item was encored. The feature of the first part was a sketch by F. W. Adams, entitled "The three Fairy Gifts." The Fairy Queen, Titania, was personated by Edith James, other , fairies by Doris Anderton, Gerty Goslin, Doris Stratton, ' and Dollie Edwards; the sisters Cynthia (Eileen t hake), Violet (Hilda Sutton), and Vent /orothy Ormand), who are set upon by robbers, Itozahel White and Helen liaison. Edith James, as the Fairy Queen, deserves a. special word of praise, while excellent all-round support was accorded by the other pupils. The second part opened with an intelligent rendering of a pianoforte solo of Moszkowski's by Gladys Ormand. " The new baby "was capitally sung by Queenie Pugh and Dorothy Ormand, and secured a hearty recall. The Frivolity " dance was a very graceful execution by Irene Tunstall, and had to be repeated. A musical tableau followed, three charming stage pictures being presented, Viz. : " Doctor's Visit," " Darby and Joan,' and " Sleeping Beauty," the effect being greatly heightened by the suitable songs rendered by unseen voices. The last item was a selection from Shakes- peare's " Taming of the Shrew,,' the characters being well-sustained as follows :—Baptista (Gladys Ormand), Lucentio (May Langton), Petruclaio (Millie Mouucey), Geuraio (Gertrude Stratton), Curtis ( Marjorie Tunstall),, Katharina (Lrene Tunstall), Bianca (Rozabel White).

===== 0002601_19081224_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS PASSIVE RESISTERS*

At St. Helens on Monday, the annual band of passive resisters was summoned. The defendants were Or. T.T. Best, Rev. W. F. Jeffries (Congregational), Mr. W. Barker, Rev. J. Bradley (Primitive Methodist), Mr. J. B. Anderton, Rev. J.G wilym Jones (Congregational), Mr. Thomas Jenkinson' J.P., Rev.W.Holroyd (Baptist), and the Rev. Jos. W. Dickenson (Congregational). The Rev. J. Bradley was the only defendant who appeared. The order was made. "A CHAPLAIN AT THE FRONT." INTERESTING ST. HELENS CHURCH PROJECT The Rev. Cyril Bardsley, vicar oi St. lielens,speaking at the men's Bible class, ou Sunday afternoon, said that the parochial council had decided not to appoint a chaplain for the Bible class, but to send an extra mount to the Church Missionary Society to pay for a missionary who would practically be their chaplain at the front' in the great battle with heathendom. Mre Bardsley said it was intended to raise an extra amount each year as nearly as possible equal to the stipend of a curate, which would be forwarded to the Missionary Society. The Ven. Archdeacon Madden,who delivered an impres- sive address on" The Day of Judgment," prefaced it by commending the action of the parish in this matter, and said that toe sacrifice they were making was in the right spirit. It would do their souls good. The religion of Christ was not selfish—not a religion to " get " but a religion to" give." Be had been stirred by what he had heard from their vicar, and he knew that the Bishop was most thankful that they should have acted so unselfishly and so splendidly in that matter.

A BENEFACTOR To C.kTS.—Dr..Tean Danysz, Director of the Laboratory of Agricultural Micro-Biology, at the Pasteur Institute, Paris, whose name is identified with a well-known remedy against the depredations of rats and mice, kas just made a discovery of interest to all lovers of cats. Every winter for some years past there has been a serious epidemic amongst cats in the Department of Euro in Normandy, which proved parti- cularly deadly to kittens. Last February, large number of cats suocumbed to the disease after only a few. day illness. One of the victims was despatched to Dr. Danysz' Laboratory in Paris, and an autopsy was per- formed. This enabled Dr. Damysz to produce and cultivate the microbe of the mysterious disease. Later, he produced a serum which, as an anti-toxin, renders " puss "entirely immune to the dreaded malady. A treatise on the subject of this latest scientific discovery is included in a recent number of the " Annalcs de L'lmatitut Pasteur."

' "

===== 0002601_19081224_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19081224_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

By " Ovalist." I believe there is no truth in the rumour that Warrington have signed on Consul, as understudy to Jack Fish.

Nevertheless there should be considerable interest in the week-end matches, seeing that Warrington meet two teams who have had the temerity to beat them earlier in the season, and fully expect to wipe out the stain.

The Australians sustained their sixth defeat, at Wakefield, who are one of the smartest club sides. I am glad Warrington hare renewed fixtures with the Trinitarians. My last acquaintance with them was on the occasion of Warrington's appearance at Bell Vue. Wakefield, in the Northern Union Cup. Warrington lost by a goal kick, after having all the best of the game, and missing glorious chances.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
...,

A; r

Leigh are expecting to be accompanied to Warring- ton by a large crowd of their supporters. Numerous changes have been made in the Leigh team, which was chosen on Monday night. Lavery, the New Zealander, is to play outside half, his colleague be:ng Woodward Whittaker, the regular half, having been injured at Broughton. Another trial will accordingly be given at centre-tbreequarters to Leah, a native of Wai rington,wbo played well in the Oldham match. The tbree-quarters will not be selected until just before the I match,but Attewell, another native of Warrington, is I one of the five from which the four men will be finally I chosen. Two other Warrington natives—Gallop and W. Ashton, the brother of the Warrington secretary, have , also been chosen, so there may be four Warrington men in the Leigh team. Tobin, a Leigh Irishman, who has been showing fine form with the Leigh Rangers, is to be tried for the first time.

The Leigh team is :—E. Clarkson (captain), back ; S. .Thlinson, H. Bennett, W. Leah, and W. Attewell, or R. H. Neville, three-gnarter backs ; J. A. Lavery and IT. Woodward, half hacks ; P. O'Neill, A. Lee, J. Tobin, W. Smith, R. Gallop, and W. Ashton,forwards.

On Saturday Warrington will journey to Widnes fr the return game, and a stern struggle may be expected, as the Widnesians are an improving side. The visiting team will be chosen after the Christmas Day match.

The " A " team to play Widnes " A" at Wilderspool will be : Mclntyre, full back; Bradshaw, Cartwright, Jordan and Lawlor, three-quarters; Lloyd and Damn- tith, half backs; Harmer, Belton, Naylor, Hewitt, Gibbs and Harrison, forwards.

The postponed home match with St. Helens has been arranged to take place on Easter Monday, April 12th. There was considerable satisfaction for supporters of the Warrington team in Saturday's match with Broughton Rangers. A peculiar pleasure is taken at Wilderspool in the downfall of certain teams, and the Rangers are among the mighty whom Warrington love to humble. Like Salford and Swinton they are Manchester's pets, and it does them good occasionally to get a whipping. Too much adulation is not good for any team.

I

ih

. e.d

I

-- As a matter of fact Broughton Rangers have fallen somewhat from their high estate. They used to be regularly in the running for the League championship but the position proved too exacting to maintain, and I do net suppose it will harm the Manchester men much to occupy a humbler sphere. Men like R. Wilson and the james's have proved bard to replace and there is no doubt that the calibre of the Rangers back division to-day is weaker than it was a few years ago by a good deal. The forwards are a capital lot, whose only fault seems to be an inclination to rough it more than is necessary. They were the best part of the team at Warrington on Saturday and had rather the better of the duel with the '.T.'arrington six.

As I anticipated, Wigan just managed to secure the Lancashire Cup after a grim struggle with Oldham,wbo lost their second final in succession at Wheater's Field. The margin was only a single point after a ding dong game, and Wigan owe their victory largely to the opportunism of Johnny Thomas and L. B. Todd. The gate was £6OO, an eloquent testimony to the increasing success of the competition. Both County Cup holders have now been beaten, for Hunslet had to bow the knee to Halifax.

NEINI

To-morrow's match at Wilderspool is the popular i fixture with Leigh, and there should be no doubt I about Warringten gaining a substantial victory. They I were only beaten at Leigh on the first day of the Mr. Louis Henshall, director and manager of the season ya b goal-kick, and on that occasion Leigh firm of Messrs. R. A. Naylor, Limited, timber were Wronger and Warrington weaker than is the merchants, Howley, whose arrest at his residence, case to-day. The Mather-lane men started the season Runnymede, Belvoir-road, Stockton Heath, was in great style, but they have failed to stay the course reported in our last issue, was brought before the and in addition they have sustained serious losses , Warrington magistrates on Saturday and charged through accident. Tom Johnson had his leg broken with stealing £79 75., the moneys of Messrs. R. A. at Swinton and since then the side has been some- Naylor, I itnited,on November 11th. The magistrates what disorganised. oti the Bench were: Mr. J. W. Hayward (in the -- chair), Alderman Tinnion, Dr.Markel, Messrs. William Warrington, at the present moment, are stronger . Richardson, A. J. Jolley, H Roberts, W. Roberts and than they have been for some time, and barring the R. T. Fairclough. unforseen they should field an absolutely full side 1 The case for the prosecution was conducted by to-day for the second match in succession. There is Mr. Gordon Hewett, barrister, Manchester (instructed no change in the selection from last week, and the by Messrs. Tatharn,Worthington and Co., Manchester), team should be : Tilley, full back ; Fish, Dickenson, and Mr. T. S. Steel appeared for Mr. Henshall. Taylor and Trebarne, three quarters ; Jenkins and Mr. Hewed said this was the first of a series of Brooke, half-backs ; • Thomas, O'Neill, Dowell, A. I charges which would be made against the prisoner, Boardman, P. Boardman and Chester, forwards. ; and perhaps it might be convenient if at that stage -- ihe indicated the general scope of the prosecution. For the edification of the crowd-and if the refesee The prisoner was for a considerable time before is not looking _Brooks will again exhibit his patent December, 1905, a traveller and a departmental aeroplane tackle. Beetham of Broughton thought the manager to the firm of R. A. Naylor, timber church spire had fallen! I merchants, Howley Mills. In December, 1905, the firm was converted into a company of limited liability and he became a director as well as a departmental manager. The present prosecution was undertaken by the company. There might also be other matters in which the complainants would be the executors of the late Mr. R. A. Naylor. The prisoner's method, as far as it was a criminal method, appeared to have been threefeld. As part of his duties he was in charge of the invoice inwards department, which THE REPORT. meant that he received invoices against the company, RESIGNATION OF DIE SECRETARY. and it was his duty to analyse them, and see that they The SECRETARY read the annual report as follows :- were entered under proper heads and debited in the The 19th annual Show of the Warrington and District right part of the books. Agricultural Society was held on Thursday, August 13th, Counsel said that the prisoner appeared to have 1908, in Walton Park, near Warrington, again kindly lent for the occasion by Sir Gilbert Greenalt. Although begun his wrongful transactions in the following way: the weather was wet nnd gloomy, as has been the c^se , -Supposing he had money owing by himself to a for some nine or ten years, there was a distiact increase ' private creditor, and, having received an invoice from in the number of attendances. There was also a slight that creditor, he made out another invoice of a like increase in amount rezeived in entries. some time sum against the company. The account was then before the show there wrs every sign of a likely paid by means of the company's cheque, and that i I,r m 3 p rtoh ye si e n g los ite toyf watotueliAla bne et cems,and i t was a hopedinc increase al cheque was in such a form that the endorsement of it I with balance sheet the it large m ;by the payee was also a receipt. T the gate. In examination of the herefore, the true figures generally compare very favourably with those eature of the invoices as against the prisoner never of last year. '1 he subscriptions are slightly more this ! came to the knowledge of the company, and it was no year; although a few large amounts have tsen with. part of the duty of the recipient of the cheque to drawn. Bather more new members have joined and the inquire how it came about that the drawer of the Society iserinfderbtjadrotooalstitooLoin,utitllvre.rßouumphrcyouanadu cheque was not the prisoner, but R. A. Naylor Ltd. Mr.priz es. ll'lfee (Grand Stand receipts were cups rnounds , So filet the first group of transactions was that he more than last year, the rents of private stands remain 'used the machinery of the company to enable him to about the same, as do the reeeipts from bicycle storages pay his own private accounts by means of the moneys and cloak room. The amount of prizes was increased of the company. about £47, mostly in the Light Horse Section. Show The second method alleged was an adaptation of Yard general expenses were slightly higher, but the the first one. To a genuine invoice against the corn- cost of printing and advertising was a few pounds 'itite judges'r nituaeiun ianugd itemssalaries titille post a average.g es, party was added another sum or item, which really lower. I represented a private account owing by prisoner to police, The oun were able to make excellent arrangements the creditor. He then made out a total, end entered with local firms for the catering to the general public, lit to some account of the company in his capacity as and there is not the slightast doubt that if the show departmental manager, and once again sent a cheque could again be held in good settled weather a )of the company to pay the suns, representing in part much better result might be achieved in the the company's, but in the main his own private debt, matter of the catering. This of course did not include I The third method was bolder still -perhaps a SirGilhaeor''stol Lei Private tiove the o c rlic.i.e ra;?:er sßoafr was ; natural development in transactions of the kind. It Society,undertaeen by Mr. 'l'. P. Throssell, of Lovely-lane' War. was simply and openly to take money that was paid to rington, and Messrs. Atkinson's Cafes Ltd., took over , the company, refraining from accounting for it, and the general catering. Great satisfaction was given and !put it into his own pocket. It was a case of the third no complaints were heard as to the management of the ' kind with which, for the moment, the prosecution was bar and catering. As in former years, the Society are ' concerned. On November I"th, Mr, Thomas Hewitt, indebted to the President, Sir Gilbert Gresnall, not I a builder in Warrington, paid to the prisoner for and gu loyw for ttb e tuosre oft t3oW aulot,otn Po :fir eictufootii uthethpourrptoose c6fratnhiei on behalf of the company a sum of £79 l's., that being 61' Stand, stalls for the exhibits, andgother show yard the amount 61 his debt owing to the company. expenses, and in addition be gives special prizes for 1 Prisoner did not account for it in any way, and cons some of the sections, and also gave a special donation , verted it to his own use. to meet the deficit on the year's workings. Lady iCounsel said he was afraid this was the beginning Greenall's Flower Show was as usual a gr, st attraction 'of a prosecution which would involve a little time and undoubtedly brought a large number of visitors to ! and the consideration of a considerable number of ttioegre2nrnede.T Unfortunately he whole of the prizes were given by ! transactions- it might be, complicated transactions - L U nui ':fortunately the Society for the first time had no l and he therefore proposed simply to call the Chief Vice-President. The late Colonel Richard Pilkington ' Constable who arrested the prisoner and then to apply ass appointed, but his sudden death deprived the for such a remand as might appear convenient to the Society of one of its chief officers, and the Council out !Court. of respect to the family did not make another appoint- -1 The Chief Constable said be received the warrant ment. Colonel Pilkington's executors very kindly gave for the apprehension of the prisoner on Friday after- the special prize in the Cattle Classes, which he would have otherwise contributed. Mr. Stapleton Bretherton, noon and in the evening, in company with Sergeant Mr. James Gould, and the Warrington Shire Horse Stuart, of the Warrington Police,aud Sergeant Barlow. Society again very kindly gave special prizes in the - , the Cheshire Constabulary, he visited the shire classes. The Cheshire Hunt Covert Fund gave a The driezling rainy weather spoiled the game prisoner's house. He told Mr. Henshall that he was premium of £5 for the best Hunter Brood Mare, the considerably, but there was much good football. Ikth ; the Chief Constable of Warrington and that lie had property of a tenant farmer. Messrs.. Henry Milling teams did some clever handling, but there was more , a warrant for his apprehension. When the warrant d Company gave nud amsepuescrisa llcheeser a prize, and reliability and class about the home back division than ,had been read over, Mr. Henshall replied : "I have Dayprizes in the citttle classes.' Messrs. Day" a furiLsupseactisaol that of the Rangers. When an opening came the lan answer to that, I think. I sent that sum three gave a prize in the shire chases. The three London Warrington men took full advantage of it whereas ' weeks ago." He was taken to the Police Station and Societies offered their gold and silver medals as usual. several weak spots could be detected in the Broughton locked up in the ordinary wai,,,7. The Council wish again to record their high appre- attacking force. Harry and Hogg are two men who 1 Mr. Bewart said that subject to the discretion of ciation of the efficient manner in which the stewards have seen their best days. I did not expect very much the Court that was the extent of the evidence which carried out their arduous duties on the day of he show. from either of them, and especially from the Scotch- he should call that morning. He suggested a remand In no single case was a steward absent from Ids post, man, who gave a pitiably weak display in the Lanca- , until Thursday. and they very materially helped the success of the show shire County match at Wigan. Time seems to have i Mr. Steel : That is the day before Christmas Day by carrying out their part of the work in a systematic manner. Ihe Council believe that they are in the happy weighted their heels, and pace-which is so essential and I don't know whether it would be convenient to position of being able to say that at any given time of to-day-is a quality which they cannot longer lay your Worships to sit here for any length of time, the day they are able to find any steward at his claim to. Claude James was one of the youngest and , Mr. Hewart : I don't think it would be for any appointed post. the best of the Broughton backs, while Harris per- length of time. It would be a preliminary remand. The Council have received the resignation of the formed well at the rear. I Ultimately a remand until Monday next was agreed Secretary, and the new Council, to be appointed at this 1 -- ,to by both parties, and ordered by the Bench annual meeting, will consider the appointment of his succassor at their first meeting in the new year. The Warrington'S strongest point was at half back , I Mr. Steel then applied for bail. Mr. Henshall, he Council invite co-operation in the work of the Society t where Jenkins and Brooks played not only with said, was a gentleman well known to them all. He from all interested in the present and future welfare of l; skill but with a dash which proved verY disconcert- bad been in the employ or a director of Messrs. 11. A. agriculture, and would impress upon them the advantages ' irg to the visitors' defence. Brooks scoffed at any Naylor for something like twenty-eight years. The to be gained in being connected with an Agricultural r ordinary sort of tackle, and broke through in deter- Prosecution had taken some time in making inquiries .Snoccleotsye,perssnuiailtly toonethneotwwose;mwpeollrktannotwciliiriensdosfitziavteerd Fi- mined style. The way he cleared the course for before proceedings were taken, and those inquiries pooli and Mancheyster. Eehibitors have not yet a re- ', Fish's try behind the posts was magnificent, though were known to Mr. Henshall, who had been prepared elated the efforts made all over the country by the 14 Jenkine and Dickenson are both entitled to a share of at any moment to give every explanation and to meet different Societies for an earlier entry, but it is believed ; the credit for a delightful effort. Warrington are any charge that might be brought against him. Having if all exhibitors were to associate themselves with the i' particularly fortunate in their present halves after mane regard to the circumstances, there appeared to be no secretarial duties connected with a show, there would ' years of difficulty, and I hope the men will have the reason why bail should n a be granted, and there be no difficulty in getting their entries posted earlier, luck to escape injury. The centres are almost equally 1 were , a number of gentlemen in Court who were pre- and some time before the last day of entry. t and there is no doubt that the four inside backs grea prepared ta go bad for any amount their Worships e members will e asked o elect e new scc ion The •ll b t the t' ' are worthy of any company. Fish is scoring with might fix, of the Council at this annual meeting • , eth names of • whom have been submitted to them. It is understood regularity once more, and with care he should have a 1 Mr. Hewart said all he bad to say upon that peint that only eight of the sixteen names submitted are to good season. Treharne improves, and when he and was that the matter was still to some extent in uncer- be appointed, these eight taking the place of the section Ta lunderstand one another better he shculd l y or ta nty, but there could be no doubt that a considerable of the Council, who retire annually but are not eligible make a reliable wing. If he has a fault, it is one due sum of money laggregate . .p • !ri the would be involved. for re-election on the Council fora period of 12 months more to a slight physique than .to anything else. He urge the Bench not togrant ball Sir GILBERT GRF.ENALL referred to the resignation He did not desire to . . a s - d,' all ~• lacks the dash which makes tries a certainty when if they thought it was a proper case in which bail t o the Secretary an add they a appreciated, and no the chance comes. I should be granted, but if they were of that opinion he one more than himself (Sir Gilbert) the very hard work Mr. Melville had put in, and the time and trouble he --- , submitted that it was clearly a case in which very had given to the Society since it was started twenty The League table, up to date is as follows : I substantial sureties should be required. ye ws ago. When Mr. Mclver first took the secretary- For Agst. Per ; Mr. Steel said it was a case of some intricacy and it 1 ship Mr. Melville helped him, and when he gave up the P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P.eentage was very desirable on the part of Mr. Henshall that l (Alice Mr. Melville undertook it single-handed. Very Wigan l4 13 1 0 58 69 323 IS 16 84 92'85 h • 1" 15 71 9285 Oldham - o 3 .14 13 1 0 43 59 -6.., all should besgranted because there would be door few societies in. the .csiuntry bad a Letter show than Halifax l4 13 1029 52 234 917 69 92.85 and a great number of figures to be they , ments a ghad and their position had not been attained with- WakefildTl4 10 3 1 34 62 257 23 21 109 75.00 this ugh. How was Mr. Henshall to prepare his gonel out a tremendous amount of labour. He would like Runcorn l3 9 3 1 18 34 134 17 15 79 73.07 defence, if he were not allowed out on bail ?It would them to place on record their appreciation of Mr. IMelville's work, and the courteous and kind manner in Batley l5 10 4 1 211 88 166 21 24 114 70.00 mean that his solicitor would have to communicate i which he had treated every member of the Society. He Hunslet l4 9 4 1 26 39 165 19 27 119 8735 with him in Manchester and it would be most difficult I alloyed the adoption of the report and a vote of thanks H'ddersfildl7 10 5 2 '26 47 193 27 29 141 64.70 for him to prepare a defence in this complicated to Mr. Melville. Merthyr Tll 8 5 1 21 32 128 33 25 141 60'71 Salford -.15 6 6 0 33 171 25 34 152 60-00 matter. Mr. J. M. NEWTON seconded, and said he had resolved 36 EbbarValel6 9 6 1 23 45 181 28 34 158 59.30 The Bench, after consulting in private, decided to every assistance from Mr. Melville during the many Dewsbury-14 86 0 30 33 159 25 27 131 57'14 allow bail, prisoner in £l,OOO and two other sureties l years he had been an exhibitor at the show. They were Keighley 15 8 6 1 38 47 217 19 31 141 56'66 of £5OO each. greatly S' indebted t o Sir Gilbert Greenall for his hand- Leeds l6 97 0 39 48 213 27 31 147 56.25 Mr. Steel said be had in Court Mr. Henshall,s some donation, but at the same time the members of the Society were not carrying out their share of the Hull 17 8 8 1 41 51 250 27 92 180 50'00 brother and Mr. Wood and he thought they would work in allowing the President to put his hand down Leigh l4 7 7 0 24 27 129 26 24 124 WOO ~ both be acceptable to the police. to such a large extent each year. Daring the past year Swinton l6 8 8 0 25 29 137 19 32 131 50.00 The Chief Constable did not raise any objection but the subscriptions had slightly increased, but they ought Warring'n 14 6 7 1 28 27 137 19 27 119 46'42 St. Helens 14 6 7 1 28 38 170 34 39 185 4642 asked that inquiries 'to be considerably more The prize list was most band should be made before there i y • P . , Hull K.R.14 6 7 1 41 39 199 35 39 187 46.42 gentlemen were accepted as sureties. some, the show yard was exceptionally well fitted up- Broughton 14 6 7 1 28 31 149 25 SG 158 4612 Mr. John Naylor said he was satisfied with both of , and the surroundings were second to none in the county. BradSord 16 GlO 0 29 38 172 37 97 215 37'50 them. Sir Gilbert Greeted' held a high position in the agri- cultural community of the kingdom, and the members Mid-Rh'da 12 48 0 11 18 76 25 33 149 33.33 , The two sureties named were therefore accepted. of the Warrington Agricultural Society ought to support Barrow ... 13 4 9 0 18 18 90 29 44 190 30'76 I Treherbert 13 4 9 0 14 13 67 14 38 142 30.76 - him better than they had done in the past. Widnes l3 2 9 2 15 20 90 23 32 142 25.071 see The resolution was heartily passed. Rochdalelll4 2lt 1 11 18 76 31 36 170 17-85 Mr. MELVILLE, in returning thanks, said that as they York l5 212 1 21 26 126 41 61 265 16.66 AN OPPONENT FOR MR. STEPHEN WALSH, \LP. would probably realize, work of that kind increased and Barry 11 211 0 7145639 72 294 15-38 Mr. Walter (heaves Lord, of Southport, was invited he felt that his duty called him to other places and also that he was bound to consider the best interests of Aberdare 13 112 0 16 23 101 45 64 282 7'09 at a meeting at Wigan on /tlonday, to contest the Ince : the Society. For the last two years he had felt that Bramley l4 113 0 15 16 78 45 78 324 7'14 division of Lancashire in the Unionist interest at the he could not devote the time necessary to the proper ------ , next election. The sitting member is Mr. Stephen administration of the Society's work, as it was increas- Walsh (Labour). Mr. Greaves Lord is a son of the late Mr. Simeon Lord, who was formerly ine and he took the opportunity of mentioning the i a cotton s' - matter to Sir Gilbert who expressed the hope that be spinner and manufacturer, at Platt Bridge, n the Ince could reconsider the matter but at the same time division. He was educated at Wigan Grammar School. seemed to see that it was almost an impossibility. A and afterwards at University College, Liverpool, and sub-committee was appointed to consider the resigns- graduated at Victoria University with the degree of tion and be felt bound to press it. He felt almost like ' LL.B. in 1891 lie was Arden Scholar of Grays Inn in a mother parting with her first child and he did not like 1900, and was called to the Bar the same year. He severing his connection with a Society with which be i ' joined the Northern circuit. He was chairmsn of the had been connected from its infancy. He had seen it Lverpool Junior Conservative Club in 1007-8, and is grow up into a very good and influential Society, not hon. secretary of the Southport ;Division Conservative ' Association. only in this part of England but in the whole of the 1 country and he thought be might say it was now recognized as one of the country's societies

t 4: I .

===== 0002601_19081224_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SENSATIONAL PROSECUTION

MR. LOUIS HENSHALL BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

Large Sum Said to be Involved.

WARRINGTON AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.

He hoped the Society would go on progressing and he would like all the members to make up their minds to push forward the work which had been so splendidly started by Sir Gilbert Greenall, the Council and the committee, and thus realize the prophecy that instead of having to appeal to Sir Gilbert every year for a doration to pay off the deficit they would have a hand- some balance, so that his successor might be looked upon as a good secretary and one in whom the Council Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. (President) presided at the could put their full trust and confidence. (Applause.) annual meeting of the Warrington and District Agricul- , THE COUNCIL. tural Society which was held in the Masonic tiall,Bold- street, on Monday afternoon. There was a good I The following were elected members of the Council : 1 attendance, including Mr. Thomas Warburton (vice- —North-East Division, Mr. Irenry Milling and Mr. J. ehairman), and Mr. H. Beresford Melville (secretary.) , 18raglf ir, lasnar,istrWantlatomn;NNorocrothtt-,W7Ltilr. Jsoosuhtrillalf,laasltl, THE ACCOUNTS. . Mr. John Longshavv, Grappenhall, Mr. h. E. Gibbon, Mr. A. BROOME (treasurer) was unable to attend and Lymm ; South-West, Mr. Henry Mawdsley, Hatton, and the statement of accounts prepared by him was read by Mr. Richard Billington, Stretton. the secretary. It showed the receipts totalling £736 1 sia cautERT GREENALL THANKED. 7s. 70. which included .£374 12s. 9d. in subscriptions, I Mr. HARRISON (Leigh), in moving a vote of thanks ' special prizes &c., £152 75., entry fees for exhibits, and to Sir Gilbert Greenerl for presiding, said his interest £l3l 12s. 6d. admissions at gate. The payments in the Society had been shown in practical form fox amounted to £537 125., including £651 2s. for prizes, many years past. Although it was through Sir Gilbert's £6l 10s. 11d, for show yard, £lO9 7s. sd. printing and generosity that the funds were kept on the right side, advertising, £BB les. 6d. judges' fees, salaries and it would be more in keeping with the tenets of the Commissions. There was thus an adverse balance on Society to try and help itself, and not call too much on the good offices of Sir Gilbert. Their President had a the year's working of .£2Ol 49. sd. The balance in head deservedly high reputation as a good landlord and a from 1907 was £3l Is. 2d. and Sir Gilbert Greenall Bart., gave a special donation of £2OO, leaving the world-renowned breeder aud exhibitor of hackneys, Society with a credit balance of .£29 ]Gs. 9d. 1 cattle and pigs. It had been his (the speaker's) privilege Theaccounts were approved on the proposition of to be associated with him in the work of agricultural' Mr. If. alawusLEv, seconded by Mr. J. BACIIIIOUSE. I societies, ad in his opinion there would be lasting fame PRESIDENT RE-ELECTED. to Sir Gilbert for the great work he had undertaken for the great National Society. When he told them that three Mr. T. WARBURTON proposed the re-election of Sir years ago the funds of the Royal Society were almost Gilbert Greenall as president pad said it would be a non-existent, and to-day they were in the happy very difficult matter to find a gentleman to equal him possession of reserves of from £354)00 to £lO.OOO, they for the position. I would realize the immense amount of work entailed to Mr. T. L. WEST seconded and the proposition was bring about that changed position. Tt was no idle heartily approved, flattery, when he said that to one man especially was Sir aftnurr tREENALL, in replying, said he was due that great transformation, and that one man was afraid he had not been a very fortunate president 99 the Sir Gilbert Greenall. (Applause.) society always had had weather. Last year was rather I Mr. J. M. NEWTON seconded and at his suggestion worse than usual but it was a long lane that had no Lady Greenall's name was included in the vote of turning and if they kept on long enough they would thanks. He referred to her ladyship's keen interest in have a flue day in time. (Laughter.) He was sure if the estate show of flowers and vegetables which this they changed the date they would get a worse day. year was very creditable both in quality and the way in (1 mghter.) Birkenhead bad the same bad luck and which it was conducted. they changed with the resalt that the weather had been I The vote was heartily accorded. even worse than they had before. He would be very I Sir (1, ....ILBERT GREENALL in reply said he could only pleised to continue to do all be could to make the say it was a labour of love to Iriq. ludysbus and himself Warrington Show a success. (Applause). Ito advance the interests of agriculturn. No doubt the VICE-PRESIDENT. Royal Society had been most successful but be must not take all the credit for it. Ile had been backed nu on Sir GILBERT GREENALL said it was the custom for a the Council by good men who spared neither time, vice-president to he nominate.' from Lancashire aid trouble, nor expense in assisting to make the show a Cheshire in turn. Last year the late Colonel Pilkington maccess. Whatever interest he might take is the Royal was chosen to represent Lancashire, so this year it was oS ciety, he took most interest in their own local society, Cheshire's turn and he propo,ed the election of Mr. T. and he was never so happy as when he was amongst his H. Lyon who had been a vice-president before and was i friends in Warrington. (Applause.) a great supporter of the Society. Mr. BACKIIOUSE seconded and the motion wr^, niani- I

mously agreed to.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Annual Meeting.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS

Latest Quotations

BANK RATE 2A16 SET CLTNG DAY DECEMBER. 11711 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSINGI PaioNs--FRLDAY NOON Arsoullt Prices Paid up. this day

NAME OF COMPANY. BRITISH FUNDS.

Consols 21% 100 ...R& 22% Annuities 100 ..92 21% Annuities 100 .823 Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO ...100 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ...08 Bank of England Stock .. lOO .265 India Stock 100 ...98 BANE'S. Bank of Liverpool 121 ...39 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .351 London and County 20 ...94 London and Westminster 90 —.531 Manchester and County ... ......... I7 —5B Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 —4Bl Parrs 90 ..87k Union of London 151 .35 Union of Manchester ll ...261 Williams Deacons 8 ...251 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and G ret ton 5% Cum. Pref. lO .164 Bell ard Co. Ord lO 91 _. _ _ _ _.4.

Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO 5i Cnester's Ord lO 8 Groves & Wbitrrlll 5% Cum. Pref 10 _s} Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO .355 Parker's Burstein Ord. lO ..8t Springwell Ord. lO 5i Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO 2} Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum PreL 10 ...8g COLONIAL RAILWAYS. $ ___._- - - --

===== 0002601_19081224_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Canadian Pacific l6 1811 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO .21 Do. Guaranteed 100 .00 Do. Ist Pref. lOO .101 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO 901 Do. 3rd Pref lOO -.501 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 .841 alaegox & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 59 Great Central Deferred 100 ..101 Great Central Prefer' ed ' 100 ..21 Great Eastern lOO ..63 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO 43 Great Western lOO ...122 Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 88 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...106 London Chatham and Dover lOO ...11 London and North-Western lOO ...131 London and South-Western lOO ...133 Metropolitan lOO ...30 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...55 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. 100...621 North B. itish lOO ...32 North Eastern Consols lOO ...128 North Staffordshire lOO ...84 South Eastern lOO ...63 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Corn Pref. 1 .17,9 Bleachers Mao. 5.1 Corn. Pref. 1 211- Boy. Ord. (7% Corn.) . 1 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 ...10'- Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 -.20/6 British Insulated and Ilelsby Cables Ord 5 .61 British Insulated and Holsby Cables 6% Cum. Prof 5 .61 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...41 Brunner Mond end Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. Buxton Lime Firms 10 -61 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 ..6/6 Castner (Conner Alkali 1 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ...8i Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Corn Pre. Pref. 10 . Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ..92 Crosfleld, 41%. 'A ' Doben lOO .941 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 -.25/9 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO do. . do. do. do. 13 8 ...61 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...20/. Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ...101; 4% Debs. Red. 100 .931 Hunters the Tearnen Ord. 1 -.2919 Lover Brothers, 5% Cum. Pref. 10 Lipton Ordinary Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 ..2.2 do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 -.61 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Pref. Nantygio & Blaina Pref. 621 _731 Peal son & Knowles, Ord 5 .5.1 do. do. 6%, Cum. Prof. s Public Benefit Boot 634 Cum. Pref.s Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 0-d. —3l/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meer 6% Cam. Prof. 4 1-4 Salt Union Ordinary United Alkali Ordinary lO 46/3 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. lO _ll do. do. Deb. . lOO —llOl Vulcsn Foundry 1 33/- Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... ..... ...7 do. do. do. do. do. lO ..10 Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 -20/- .

, do. do. do • fl Shares Warrington and District Billpost- lug & Advt. Co., Ltd. 1716. 20/- c.d. MINES. British South Africa (Char; 1 —16;6 Cons. Goldfield of S k 1 ...41 Erst Rend Proprietary 1 ..4A Hendersors I —6/9 Johannesburg Consolidated 1 23/- Kafrlrs Consolidated 1 16/3 Oceanas 1 ..11,6 Rand Mines 5/- 74 Randfonteins 1 ..35/- .. __ .

, Ilht,dehia Explotat ion 1 25/- Tangenyika. 1 .3j TLAP9VI,9,I Estates 1 .11/9 Zino Colporation . 1 ..5/6 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...561 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO 1091 do. " Def. Ord. • 100 117 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO 101 do. 2nd Prof. Minimum

6% lO _lO2 Nat.. felepbone 33%, Deb. Stock lOO ...99 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO .17/. do, do. do. Perpl. 5%. Pref 10 ...2/• The above list and prices have been complied by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bawsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

(NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE.)

WARRINGTON.

Date. Opponents. Ground. For Against Sep. 5 Leigh away 5 6 12 Widnes home 5 8 19 Swinton 26 Rochdale home 16 6 Oct. 3 Salford 10 Merthyr away 28 12 12 Ebbw Vale away 10 10 17 -Wigan 24 Broughton 31 Merthyr Nov. 7 St. Helens L.C. 14 Australia home 10 3 21 Swinton L.C. 23 Oldham home 27 0 28 Runcorn Dec. 5 Wigan L.C.Semi-flual away 10 15 12 Wigan 19 Broughton 25 Leigh home 26 Widnes Jan. 1 Runcorn 2 9 Hull

, 16 Wakefield home 23 St. Helens 30 Wakefield away 20 Oldham away 23 Halifax away 27 N.C. Cup Mar. 6 Rochdale away 13 Hull 20 Barrow away 27 Swinton Api. 3 Barrow home 9 Halifax 10 Salford home RUNG ORN. For A Sept. 5 Salford 12 St. Helens 19 Leigh away 6 5 20 Widnes home 13 7 Oct. 3 Swinton 10 Treherbert 17 Rochdale home 16 8 21 Australia 24 Wigan 31 Keigley Nov. 7 Broughton L.C home 10 7 It Swinton 21 Brarrow L.C. away 5 3 , 28 Warrington home 3 5 Dec. 5 Oldham 12 Salford home 16 4 19 Widnes 25 St.llelens away 26 Jan. 1 Warrington ...... 9 Oldham 16 Batley 23 Treherbert 30 Rochdale Feb. 6 Batley ......... .., home 20 Wigan 27 N.U. Cup Mar. 6 Barrow home 27 Leigh home Apr. 3 Oldham away 9 10 Broughton WIDNES. For Against Sept. 5 Barrow home 3 6 12 Warrington away 8 5 19 Oldham home 0 7 20 Runcorn Oct. 3 Broughton 10 Salford home 2 15 17 St. Helens 21 Barry home 31 6 31 Leigh away 8 24 Nov. 7 Wigan L.c. 14 Barrow 21 St. Helens Dee. 12 Dewsbury away 8 16 19 Runcorn 25 26 Warrington home Jan. 1 2 Rochdale 9 Swinton 13 Australia 10 Dewsbury home 23 Leigh home 30 Salford Feb. 6 Oldham away 13 Batley 20 Barry away 27 N. U. Cup Mar. 6 Wigan ST. HELENS. For Against Sept. 5 Oldham home 0 33 12 Runcorn 19 Aberdare 26 Bradford Oct. 3 Barrow home 26 5 10 Broughton 17 Widnes home 11 0

MY DEAR CHILDREN,

I must thank many of my members for kind wishes for a Happy Christmas. Needless to say that I trust all of you have had a very happy time. I expect most of you have had fine fun with Santa Claus and stockings. Do you know, I really think I shall try my fortune this year and hang up a very big stocking and see if I can't get something. Do you see any reason why "grown-ups" should be passed over?

I think I mentioned last week that a sackful of clothing was on the way for my poor. Well, it has come to hand, and I cannot thank my kind members sufficiently. I will just mention one family to whom some of these garments will be sent. Some little time since a father and mother with one little child were getting on fairly well, living in a small room. The father gained a living by selling ice-cream. Trade was bad, and consequently he took to selling hot chestnuts instead. This went on for a. little time,, but he couldn't earn sufficient to pay his rent. The result was he was forced to sell his barrow to pay the rent, and the landlord turned them out into the street without any furniture. By a little help they now live in a tiny room, with one chair, two or three plates, and a straw mattress on the floor, and this is ad. No fire! —no light I—and no food Is it to be wondered that these poor people were delighted with a few articles of clothing. This week the man has obtained a little work. This is the kind of poverty that I am trying to4k help, with the assistance of my members. With Love, UNCLE NED. Welcome to S. E. Kerr and Minnie Lewis. —+--

THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE CHRISTMAS OF A POOR CHILD AND THAT OF A RICH CHILD.

1. The difference is very great. A rich child looks forward eagerly to Christmas because it knows, besides having its stocking crammed with good things, there will be presents of all descriptions awaiting it on the breakfast table (or if the postman is late, when he arrives). Besides giving parties they will be going out to them, and they will be wearing pretty and costly dresses. 2. Poor children don't know what it is to have presents at Christmas, and many do not even have a Christmas dinner. Some can't afford it, while others have drunken parents who spend the money. They often have to go out singing carols to earn money with which to buy food. They have no party or Christmas Tree, and very often no fire or warm clothing. In some poor homes, although all luxury is lacking, there is comfort and happiness at Christmas.

F. WELBOURNE. --4.--. THE RICH CHILD'S CHRISTMAS.

present. The eldest one said that she would get some wool and knit a scarf for the litle girl next'..r.: door, who needed it more than she did. The -o,o_ next one said she would try and get some matches and tapers that were needed. The next one and the youngest put their money together and bought some bread and three penny toys. They bought their respective things; but as the eldest was in the shop buying ".7*-7;-;:rr:"_ her things a person, seeing her old clothes, gave 4%.F:X;2.: her a shilling and promised to See her again. Witlt_the shilling she bought some tea and milk-. She had threepence yet, so she bought some sweets and nuts for her younger sisters. When i7' Christmas Morning came she asked the two children in the next room to come for the day. - (The parents of these children were wicked, and never thought of their children's happiness.) They breakfasted on porridge, but even this did - not brighten their spirits, because they had seen the people buying toys last night, and they wished they could have them too. They took the toys off the bit of holly and were playing with them and enjoying the sweets when a knock came to the door, and a man came in with a parcel containing many nice things—things that t.r.v they were wanting too, such as afrock for eatit-Abfg: and toys and sweets. The visitor proved to be the man who had given the shilling, and also their father, who wanted to surprise them. When the children went to bed, which was a very poor'-a, one, they all declared that that day had been _ the happiest Christmas Day they had ever ,V-' - known, although they lived in one room and r were nearly the poorest in that part of the town, at least.

A CHRISTMAS STORY.

Once upon a time there was a fairy whose name was Beautiful. It was Christmas Eve, and the children were gathered round the gay shop windows to see what they would like, when one said, "I should like a doll;" another said, " I should like a horse." Then the fairy who was listening said, "You shall have just what you. want." "Oh," said one, "we have no money to buy them." "You shall have them," said the kind fairy. "So go to bed like good little children." When they woke in the morning they found just what they had wanted. Then they jumped and clapped their hands and began to be happy. "Do you know why we ought to be happy?" "Yes, because our Lord Jesus Christ was born on Christmas Day." Then the elderly girl began to weep. "Don't cry," said the other, " what is the matter." " I was only thinking of our dear Mamma who told us all about it." Then they went out to see if they could find the kind fairy, but they could not. " I should think she has gone to see sonic more little girls like ourselves," they said. This was the best Christmas they had ever had since their dear parents were dead.

K. WILSON.

4 A . to ---. go. :._..--4 . : •.--.0 -. ~.0:110 ' % —4D —,. - 4" ' ' ••• "."' ' ' • • ;-- ....;:i .' -- ' .. . • '.i ' . - ; . ay.a". .li' ....R: ''''4•4-'40.,.,i1k ' 111 -:''',.:"...'...... sN-4,,,,,,, .d..le- --....--)4;•',..0. - ,-:,-,•th_.• :„....--,,... ~ .4r.-,-.....,:5,A!-....,,,..:„.—.:&,,7.,..:.-..-- .N_ :.::•• •:.- ~: . '7,..-.3:- -- ...--,,,-.4v-):•:•.-:..--,.,..:-.-... \ ~.11 •,„....: -,--... I. :-: . Air. . :i.-;,--7,i,,„,-,,-.vwlkm-;: , . , t...". '/,• , . . ip. ..,,,•. ..: ~ ....:._ : ...„.._.,„„y.,....?....5..,, ... *V. ''-'4.-i "d'OrK'' 4."''' .., ~.,.., e.',,,,A' "'''. - - ...., . _ _ _.

:HILD'S CH:

- POOR C. :R ISTMAS. It was a cold Christmas Eve, and in a poor, but clean room .in Manchester there sat four children and their mother round a tiny fire. They had been singing hymns and selling holly, which a neighbour had given them, all day. They returned home with two shillings and some holly. Their father was in tile army, and they had not much money to spare. Their mother had given them threepence each out of the money the _ had earned for a Christmas . _ P:

===== 0002601_19081224_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
24 Swinton mr 31 Salford home 8 13 Nov. 7 Warrington L.C home 6 21 14 Leigh 21 Widnes away 8 5 28 Bradford 12 Rochdale home 13 13 19 Salford away 14 15

25 Runcorn 26 Wigan Jan. 1 9 Broughton 16 Rochdale 23 Warrington home 30 Barrow Feb. 6 Swinton 13 Leigh away 17 Australia

===== 0002601_19081224_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
STERLING HOME TREATMENT FOR REDUCING WEIGHT.

" Secret " remedies, aided by fasting and exhaust- ing gymnastics, have had their day as " cures " for over-fatness. They have been tried and found want- ing. Here, at last, we have a harmless remedy open to the world ; the prescription is published broadcast. You can mix it yourself, or your chemist will do so. The following are the ingredients with quantities required , One ounce of Marmola, one ounce of fluid extract of Glycyrrhiza 8.P., one ounce of pure Glycerine 8.P., and 3} oz. of Peppermint water. I Take two teaspoonfuls of this pleasant mixture after each meal and at bedtime. In a very short while you will be astonished at the wonderful decrease of weight brought about by this sterling home treatment, more specially as you are not required to do any fasting 'Cr exercising, nor to depart in any way from your usual habits. The mixture is most beneficial to the system generally, the blood being purified and the cit culation improved; lastly, there will be no wrinkles I left to suggest a too rapid falling away of flesh.

HINTS FOR THE HOME.

Cut cucumber in thin slices, fry it, and BM to the soup in the tureen.

New bread may be cut quite evenly if the knife is very slightly heated.

Pickles should never be kept in glazed ware, as the vinegar forms a poisonous com- pound with the glazing.

Melted alum can be used for uniting metal to glass. Melt it in an iron spoon over the fire.

A few drops of glycerine in cold water will stop hiccoughs. For an infant, one or two drops of it in half a teaspoonful of water is sufficient.

When cooking a leg of mutton the intro- duction of a clove of garlic will be found a great improvement by those who like savoury dishes.

A good way to clean a copper kettle is to fill it with hot water and rub the surface with milk that has turned sour for some time. Then polish with a leather.

Soup and stock should be boiled up every day in summer and put in clean dry basins. If this precaution be taken, it will keep sweet for several days.

Spots of acid on clothing may be removed, and the colour restored by rubbing with chloroform. Ink stains on books may be re- moved without injury to the print. by apply- ing oxalic acid. Remove grass stains by rub- bing well in alcohol, milk, or molasses.

Before using a new saucepan always fill it with water, add a lump of soda, and some potato peelings, and let all stew for some hours; then wash out thoroughly, and all danger of poisoning from the tinned lining will be gone.

Lemons can be preserved for a long time if kept on a saucer with an inverted glass bowl or wide tumbler as a covering. By this method they are not excluded from the light, but they remain practically air-proof.

Christmas had arrived at last. It really was the happiest time of all the year. The children had been preparing for weeks and deciding what to give each little sister, brother, cousin, or friend. They had bought the things for mother and father, but had to wait and see what mother and father would give them at break- fast on Christmas Morning. All the presents from Santa Claus were in stockings, but the other preAnts were either on the Christmas Tree or on their chair or plate at breakfast. The house was decorated from top to bottom. It was bed-time on Christmas Eve, and six children had gone to bed, after hanging stockings up and hoping that Santa Claus wouldn't forget them when he came down the chimney, or some other awkward place. He did not forget them, certainly, for when the children opened their stockings they found just what they wanted. The girls had a doll on the top, and the boys had a box that would not go in. In this was a clockwork train and lines. Then farther down there were different things in the heeirthere was an orange, then nuts in the toe. When they got downstairs there, on their plates, were just the things they wanted. Then dinner came, with the turkey and plum pudding. Then the fun commenced. The children were surprised by seeing long strings going in and out every- where. They had to follow these, perhaps from the mistletoe in the hall up to the bed-rooms and then down to the cellar, and after you have followed the string there it will very likely end behind the piano or pictures with a cracker at the end of it, or some other toy. Then the crackers are pulled, and very likely frighten some of the children. Then, after tea, all the guests go into the drawing-room and see the Christmas Tree laden with candles, presents, crackers, sweets, etc. Then the little ones have hide-and-seek, blind-man's-buff, and other games, which make them hot and excited, and are glad to sit still and listen to tales about the house. Then, after a few more games, they are put to bed, tired and sleepy. Then the older ones will dance, or ibthere is a ghost try and find it; or somebody will suggest masks, and the ladies will dress up, and then the fun of telling a lady who is masked how funny some- body is, and it turns out to be the lady who is being talked about. The tree is taken down and all the presents are. taken away, and for once that day it is quiet. S. E. KERR.

^-4--

If some people could realise that the world doesn't care a rap what size shoes they wear, they would be a good deal more comfortable.

--i--

"Please to give me s-omething, sir," says an old woman. "I had a blind child—he was my only means of subsistence—and the poor boy has recovered his sight."

4-

Wife: "Be sure to advertise for Fldo in the morning newspapers." Next day the wife read as follows: "Ten Shillings reward.—Lost, a mangy lap- dog, with one eye and no tail. Too fat to walk. Responds to the name of Fido. Smells like a gionkey-house. If returned stuffed, thirty shillings reward."

===== 0002601_19081224_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
It was Christmas Eve in the afternoon, about 4.30, in the busy town of Sheffield two children ~Were earnestly looking into the shop windows land saying what they would each like, when an old gentleman came up to them and said, "110 w is it you are not out with your father and mother?" The little boy answered, "Because father is a drunkard and mother would gladly have come with us only she has no money to spend, and it makes her cry to see other people buylng_thituzs for their children and her not being able to." The old man, with tears in his eyes, took the two children by the hand and led them into a clothing shop, where he purchased for them numerous articles of clothing which • the children were very thankful for. Then he bought them a numb& of toys and plenty of good food to eat so that they would be able to enjoy Christmas Day. Just before the little girl and boy left the old man they kissed him several times. Then they wandered home to their poor mother, who was so thankful that she wept for joy. Just before they sat down to their t. a they all knelt down to thank God in preparing them such a lovely meal. After this day their . father became -a"tegtotaler, and was often st.en with his wife and neatly-dressed children in the little church close by, singing and praising God for delivering him from the horrible drink. LILY LUS!47.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
--4--

"I say, gentlemen! gentlemen!" shouted tha referee at the prize-fight, as the spectators be- gan a noisy tumult, "gentlemen, you mast preserve order. This ain't no House of Commons."

Mrs. Billus:—" Don't you believe it's true, John, that a person partakes to a considerable extent of the nature of the creatures he cats?" Mr. Billus: "No. I've been eating fish all my life, and I can't swim a stroke."

Cynical Editor: "Ah, it's the way of the world ! We never strew flowers on a ntan's grave until after he's dead."

.---+---.

_ When we are children we brag about our parents ; when we get to be young men and young women we brag about ourselves; when we become older we brag about our children.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
-4.---

7" How did you happen to insure in that particular company?" "I consulted the wishes of my wife."

"Of course; that's very praiseworthy. But— does she know anything about life insurance companies?" "Yes. She investigated, and found that this one always issues the prettiest calendars."

THE LANCET :—" An excellent Jelly, possessing:a flavour of quite a natural character."l GOLDeDA L JELLIES.

200 YEARS A SECRET.

GRANNIE OINTMENT_ FOR SKIN TRIMMER

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has e—ess kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, arid all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frac for Ltstamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

===== 0002601_19081224_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
In l/- & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets.

DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS Are anew remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all diseases ofthe Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache, Ac. Write at once enclosing t 2 stamps fol3ne box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO.. 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTIMARK, LONDoN

JUTEwn.. , -MILK wisivicsr 0/. locifyfy—."

---„-

===== 0002601_19081224_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
~,,,

RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

DECEMBER. Filoal Vit ARRINGTON Aaonlaildge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10,10 20 a.m. 12 1 1 15,2 55, a 3 33, 5 12, 5 52, 7 25 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a iTednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 9 58, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 4 42' a 6 23, 7 20, 8 37, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-road)--5 22, 5 30, 7 11,8 35,9 58,11 42,11 55 a.m. 1 54, 4 42,6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 8 58, 95, 1028, 11 30 a.m 1230, 1 40, 20, 3 19, 422, 445, 530, 64, 157, 85, 10 18, 11 18, 11 57, p.m. Sundays- -8 42, a.m. 745, 11 37 p.m. . Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23,9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 30, 10 35 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, 6 4,8 5, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. .• Dunham Hill-7 34, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, - 4 45, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30,7 11,8 5, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, 10 15, , 1055, 11 55 a.m. 1225, 1 15, 2 45, 3 45, 40, 515 637 78, 7 40, 9 30,10 30, 10 35, all 30 p.m. , a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 8 35, 843 a.m. , 5 10 6 0, 757, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlets' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. _ . 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 80, 10 4 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 9 5, 10 28 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 422, 445, 530, 64, 757, 85, 1018, 11 18 p.m. Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30,7 11, 8 35, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 40, 5 15, 720, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 34, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 5 30, 64, 85, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.43 p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 55,7 45,8 10,9 3,98,10 35a.m. 1 36,458,7 10,8 22,9 15,10 4, all 50 p.m. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 18 a.m. 3 15, 5 0,7 18,930 p.m. a Satutdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0,9 55, 10 53 km. 1233, 1 11, 2 26, 335, 4 9, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25. *6 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. s Liv5.p001(c.r....0.)-a4 40, 537, 75, 751, 8 5 850, 95, 9 50, 10 35, 1050, 11 50 am. 120, 1250: 1.8, ..•, 1 _al 13, 1 50, 2 17. 2 50, 3 25, 3 50, 43, 4 15, 450, 5 0, 5 50, 62, 6 50, 7 5, 7 50,8 0, 8 50,9 3, 9 45, . 10 5, 1040, blO 42, bll 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays incepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 440. 537, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 220,

44G,62j 7 10:

8 29 9 18 ,10 20 10 43 p.m.

Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 526, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 2 45, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 620,78, 740, 80, 9 30, 10 4, 10 35, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSatardays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 24, 5 10, 60, 0, 108 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 -

I.4ymu. - So, . , 4 00, 0 au, cm. 1233, 111, 226, 335, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 725, aB3O, 930, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from 4lpley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,611 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 45, a 4 45, 64 56, 530, b7ll, 85, 823, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 17,1 15,2 41,245, 331,4 0,4 26,5 15,553,6 33,7 20, 8 6, 69 23, 10 30, a Mondays only, b Saturdays only. Onndays, 2 45, 4 56,7 55 a.m. 5 13,6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. 5 53, 6 a 3,7 20,8 G, 9 22, 940, 10 30 p.m. aMondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 8 10, 8 55, it 9 055, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 155, 2 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 655 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 , 9 15, 9 55, 610 4, 61'1 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 18 a.m 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 718, 853, 9 15,9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 1020, R.M. 12 10,1 15, 2 55, ft 3 35, 5 32, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows--2 45,64 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 919, 10 15, 10 40, 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 1217, 12 25, 1 15, 1 54, 2 45, 3 31, 4 0, 4 26, 4 50,5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 843, a.m. 335, . 5 15, 60, 7 57, 10 8, p.m. __ .- . .

b Mondays Only.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
a 2.4-turdav's only. . -

j'adgate-G 55, 7 15, 8 fo, 8 4.0, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1219, 141, 355, 453, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 915, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 50, 9 30 pm. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45, 109, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, s2o' 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 8 0, 10 4 pm. Sankey-7 5, 8 5,9 5, 100, 11 10 a.m. 120, bl 0 al 13, 2 21, 35, 4 20, 5 30, 6 26, 75, 80, 910 1)10 5,10 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97, p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only h Saturday excepted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 835, a 9.39, 11.4, am. 1.27, 3.28,4 20, \5 0, b 6. 20, 6 26, 80, 9.10, 10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.32, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aNlondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-G 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0, 955, 10 53, a.m. 1233, 1 11, 2 26, 3 35, 40, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 3 30, 9 30 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 am. 3 5,8 10 p.m. a SatUrdnyn only Arploy &MAO%

TO WARRINGTON FROn

Acton Bridge-6 31,7 40, 8 54,939,10 57 a m. 12 31, $303 55, 4 38, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-T5O, 8 22, 955 1020, 11 10, 12 45 a.m. al 30, 3 3, 5 5, 6 48, 8 30,940, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 10 a.m. 1 15, 4 52, 8 50, p.m. a Saturdays only. - Blackpool (L. &N. -W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 30, 947, 11 25 a.n3. 1 37, 3 23, 520, 7 0, 8 93, 10 0, 1030 p.m. Sundays 7 30 a.m. 1 37, 5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 15, 420, 720, 845,9 38, 10 12, 1040, 11 45 a.m. 22,2 5, 30, 3 50, 45, 5 20, 5 23, €3O, 7 35, 8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 420,6 40,7 15 a.m. 6 55, p.m. Collins Green---6 30, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 0, 3 5, 3 56, 5 38, 6 42, 7 37, 9 6, 10 43, alo 53 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays only. Daresbury-8 0,10 15,11 21 a.m.2 44,4 44,6 6, 710, 849 p.m. Sundays 733 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham SM..- 734, 9 50,10 52 a.m. 2.17,4 17, 5 35, 642,823 p.m. Samdays 655 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestosvn-7 2,7 13, 845, 850.9 15, 9 45, 1028, 1036, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 1 14, 2 13, 327, 4 51, 5 43, 5 54, 655, 745, 88, 9 10, 939, 10 47,10 56, 812 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 32, 9 53, 957, 10 3 a.m. 3 45,7 23,10 16 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 54, 9 42, .10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 59, 2 11, 3 27, 54, 6 2,6 53, 919 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,82 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodelmm-7 49, 9 0, 9 SS, 11 4, a.m. 2 26, 4 9,4 26, 5 48, 6 56, 8 33, p.m. Sundays 7 12, 7 29 a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne-6 41, S 26,10 17,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 30, 530, 7 15, 9 26, 10 37 a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Het:thy-741, 8 56, 95!, 1058, a.m. 210, 44, 422 5 42, 647, 8 28 p.m. Sunday 7 3,7 25 fI.M. 7 18 p.ra. Irlam and Cadisbead-6 16, 6 49, 7 32, 7 49,9 53, 053, 10 23 a.m. l 7, 2 15, 4 54, 7 4,8 56, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 8 30,9 18, 1050, a.m. 1 20, 2 22, 6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 840, 9 22, 100, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45,2 13, 30, 3 38, 4 23, b 5 39, 69, 6 49, 7 49, 9 51,0 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. o Arpley. Sundays 023 a.m. 233, 123 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 7 48, 8 12, 8 30, 8 36. 9 15, 9 30, 9 33, 9 45, 10 30, 1130, 11 45 a.m. 1231, 12 55, 13, 130, 145, 3 SO, 2 35, 2 43.4 0, 430, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 30, 6 30, 635, 7 30, 8 30, 8 30, 8 40, 9 30, blO 50, no, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 40, 4 30, 6 15, 30, 830, 9 35,, p.m. a.m. 2 30.3 I's, 3 50, Liverpool (L. St N.-W.)-a 2 35,5.50, 6 10, 7 0, 8 5, 835, 9 5,„9 30, 955, 11 0 a.m. 1225, 1 20, 245, 30, €35,4 15,4 20,4 50,5 10,6 10, 6 55, 8 25, 8 35,9 o,blo 5 1045. b 1115 p.m. a Itlondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20a.m.2 10, 6 30,7 15,10 45 p.m. Lymm-7 48,832, 9 14, 9 52, 11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37 25, 2 50, 339. 4 15,1,531, 61, 641, 731, 9 45 11 33 p.m. a Saturdaysonly. bSaturdaysexcepted Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25,7 15 p.m, Manchoster(Ceutrsl)-5 55,6 30, 7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, 930, 933, 1030. 10 35, 11 30 - 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 20, 3 30, 3 55, 4 30, 4 35;5 30, 6 0,6 30, 645, 730, 830, 835, 925, 1020, alO 55, 11 0 p.m, a Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 9 0, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 20,25, 6 0, 6 35, 8 30,9 4 0 p.m Manchester (London Road.)-5 50, 0 43, 7 40, 85. 830,95, 9 43, 10 45,11 10 a.m. 3233, 1 5, 2 40,3 40, 5, 42, 5 15, 60, 7 15, 9 10, 9 30, 10 35, 11 23 p.m., Sundays 7 50,9 20 a.m. 60, 10 35 p.m. moore-6 59, 96,11 9 a.m. 1243, a 3 12,4 8, 4 50, 733 p.m, Sundays 818 aan. 458 p.m., a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 739. 8 40, 9 7, 9 59, 10 13,10 29,11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, a 1 28,37, 4 6,4 31, , 4 45, 5 38, 5 50, 6 27,7 41, 85, 936 10 2, 10 59. all 5l p.m. Sundays 828, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3-40, 720, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padertte-6 27, 6 53, 80, 8 29, 90,10 3 a.m. 120, 20, 55, 620, 7 15, OS. 1025, 1132p.m. Sundays 852, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 11 Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 26 rt.m. 12 41, 1 4 3 2, 430, 5 40,6 30, 8 12,10 20 p.m. Sundays 9 0 a.m. 3 4 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 33,9 25. 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. 1 33, 1 40,2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 23, 5 36, 6 23,7 25, 8 15, 9 31, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m,4 3 354 p.m. Southport-7 50. 90, 10 15, 10 50, 1225, 1 20, 240 355, 525, 70,8 5, 95, 100. Sundays 9 0, 20, 7 50. a Saturday only. Thelsvall-7 51, 8 36, 9 18.9 53, 11 a.m. 1 is, al 41.2 0, 2 55, 3 34, 4 19,1) 5 35, 0 5,6 45, 7 35,9 49, 11 37 p.m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 229, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR CAT AND CYCLE REOLTLATIONS.

Each one must be registered with the council of a county or county borough, the fee being .C 1 bored motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A register a number is assigned to each, which it Is an offence not to keep affixed when driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other offences. _ . .

---YahTghest speed at which a car may he driven on the public highways is 20 miles an hour, which is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the Motor Car Act (1903), to drivo a car in such a way on a public highway as to be dargerovs to the public, hiving regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to be presence of the motor car on the road, the river must supply his name and address, and the twner and number of the car, under heavy penal- ode The driver must produceh is licence at the sequest of a police constable.

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.'

ALLOYS OF GOLD AND IRON.

Iron and gold R hen melted together may be mixed in various proportions, and hard. ened or crystallised. Alloys containing 10 per cent, of gold are harder than pure iron, but as the proportion of gold increases above that amount, the alloy becomes softer. Silver and iron do not form alloys.

The Examiner, Thursday, December 24, 1908,

f

Covill'zisimSol 4 dorm

===== 0002601_19081224_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
RED LIGHT VISIBLE FAR.

Red lights have been proved to be visitira to a greater distance than green. In recent tests on a clear, dark night, a red light of one candle power was clearly discernible at one mile, one of three candle power at two miles, ten candle power, through a binocular, at four miles, and thirty-three candle power at five miles. On an exceptionally clear night e white light of 3-2 candle power could be dig. tinguished at three miles and 17-2 candle power at five miles.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STORM-NOSE AT SEA.

The picturesque name of Storm-none (Gewitternase) is given in Germany to the wave of high barometric pressure which often precedes a storm or a heavy squall. The baro- meter rises suddenly, and then falls more gradually. It is believed that this phenome- non is responsible for sudden changes in the level of the sea. Observations on the seas surrounding Denmark have led to the conclu- sion that the change of level thus produced sometimes amounts to no lees than 31t.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY THE SEA IS BLUE.

The sea is blue because the water reflects the blue rays of light, but shallow seas are green because the blue light is mixed with the yellow reflections from sand and stones at the bottom. Green is a mixture of blue and yellow. In this green light of shallow water all seaweeds grow, and, for want of the red rays, they have golden and tawny leaves. Green and red seawoecls are the exception, and blue scaweeds are as rare as blue tree loaves. At this rate, land plants grown under green glass ought to turn golden brown, like seaweed. They do. Experiment has shewn that under green glass plants grow nearly As well as under clear sunlight. BLOOD TEMPERATURE OF ATHLETES. Professor Flack records some curious ob- servations on the blood temperature of run- ners. The normal blood temperature in man is about 98.11 deg. Fehr. A young man, after a run of 200 yards, sliewed a blood tempera- ture of 100•76 deg. ; another a temperature of 100.94 deg. ; a third a temperature of 102•2c1eg. after a run of half a mile. A mile run produced an internal temperature of 102.8 deg. with one athlete, and 103.6 deg. with another. After a three-mile run one .young man had a temperature of 1051eg. But this runner's normal blood temperature was 101 deg., although he was in perfect health.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE HYDROGEN FOR BALLOONS.

The development of aeronautics hae given importance to the production of hydrogen, illuminating gas having gone out of fashion as completely as Montgolfier's hot air, and for the same reason—because it is too heavy. In an American method of producing hydro- gen, water gas is first made in the usual way, by passing steam over live coal. The result- ing water gas, which is a mixture of hydro- gen and carbon monoxide, is then passed over hot pulverised calcium carbide. The carbon monoxide is decomposed, the carbon remaining behind in the form of graphite and the oxygen combiniv with the carbide to form calcium carbonate, leaving the hydrogen almost pure (97 per cent.). It is claimed that hydrogen can be produced very cheaply by this process.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
UPPER-AIR TEMPERATURE.

Balloonists and mountain-climbers have long known that the temperature of the air falls as the altitude increases. It has recently been discovered that this decrease in tem- perature has its limits. " Sounding" bal- loons, freighted with automatic recording in- struments, have been sent to heights far ex- ceeding those which any balloonist can hope to reach. The records obtained chew that at a height of about eight miles the thermometer ceases to fall, and may even rise. The dis- tinguished French meteorologist Tisserano do I3ort claims also to have discovered that at a certain level the air above the poles is warmer than that above the equator, an anomaly wlAieli mo.t be more fully demon- stroted than is now possible before it can be accepted.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
A WANDERING PLANT.

Curious among vegetabl9 growths and one which is seldom seen of men is the rootless cactus of the Californian desert. This plant, a round, compact growth, rolls. about the level floor of the desert for some eight or nine months of the year, tossed hither and thither by the winds which blow with fierceness over all of California's sand plateaux, during those months. At the coming of the rains, or rather the cloudbursts, which sweep the desert in its springtime, this cactus takes root wherever it happens to have been dropped by the lass v‘ind of which it was the plaything, and im- mediately begins to put out all around it small shoots, which, in turn, become cacti, exactly like the parent plant. The roots do not penetrate the soil deeply, but spread often over a circle whose radius is not less than 10ft. These plants get every bit of mois- ture and plant food to be had in the territory they cover.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COLOURS OF THE CLOUDS.

Clouds are but masses of vapour, and their colour is white by reflected light as we usu- ally see them, and of various colours as we see them by transmitted ligkt. Light from the setting sun passing through clouds will be to a greater or less extent absorbed, and this absorption, says the Optical Journal, will be regular or chromatic in proportion to the amount of watery vapour in the lower layers at the atmosphere. Where there is very little watery vapour to cut off the light the clouds will shew some shade from white to black ac- cording to the thickness of the condensed vapour which forms the cloud, but where the invisible watery vapour in suspension between the eve of the observer and the clouds is con- siderable, then the clouds will seem to be coloured. This is due to the fact that this watery vapour has the power of absorbing blue, and hence the colour of the cloud as it really is does not come to us but only that part of its colour which is left when the blue has been removed, and this will be some shade of red. The clouds themselves are mist and are white; their brilliant colour is but a delusion.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MARVELS OF SMELL.

How infinitely minute must I;(7—th. € particles that emanate from the object which the dog is tracking! Yet, according to an eminent scientist of the Government, the matter is ex- tremely divisible. The tenth part of a grain of musk will con- tinue for years to Jill a room with its odori- ferous particles, and at the end of that time will not be appreciably diminished in weight by the finest balance. A cubic inch of air rising from the flame of a Bunsen burner has been found to contain no fewer than 489,000,000 dust particles. A drop of blood which might be suspt lad from the point of a needle contains about- 1,000,000 of red flattenc4 corpuscles. Still, though mat- ter is so marvellously divisible, the olfactory nerves are

===== 0002601_19081224_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
INFINITELY MORE SENSITIVE.

Much has yet to be investigated with regard to the differentiation of . the points in these nerves so that they may discriminate with such apparently miraculous accuracy; vet even the results in the scent of dogs shew how wonderfully fine is their discriminating power. . . . .

Our sense of smell, unless in the trained chemist, is not even so acute as that of the semi-savage. The aborigines of Peru can, in the darkest night and in the thickest woods, distinguish, respectively, a white man, a negro, and 9ne of their own race by the smell. Much have we gained by civilisation, but not without some loss to our bodily energies and senses. Man's recuperative power after an injury is, in the opinion of the highest authorities, in the inverse ratio to his social advancement. Similarly he seems to become less acute awl delicate in the sense of smell as he fares better and lives more comfortably.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

G. T. P. *WAKEFIELD 4 4 20 AIISTRALIANS.... 2 3 13 THE NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. Leeds 4 5 23 *Hull K'gst'n R. 2 1 7 *Hunslet Huddersfield *Salford Halifax *Batley 1 8 26 Bramley E *Warrington Runcorn *Rochdale Hornets 2 3 13 Ebb Vale 0 0 0 Merthyr Tydvil ... 0 3 9 *Barrow Dewsbury 3 3 15 *Treherbert....... 1 0 2 Mid Rhondda 1 9 8 Aberdare LANCASHIRE CUP.—FINAL. Wigan

===== 0002601_19081224_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Avenged on the Rangers.

The annual visit of 13roughton Rangers to Warrington provided a fine struggle between two good teams on Saturday. Warrington lost at Broughton early in the season, but they NI are weakly represented that day. On Saturday they were at .full strength and easily out- pointed the Rangers. A drizzling rain spoiled the match in many ways, but there was an attendance of quite 4,000, and some good football was seen. Teams and officials : Warrington—Tilley, back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and Trehearne,three-quarter backs; Jenkins and Brooks, half backs ; Thomas' O'Neill, Dowell, P. Boardman, A. E. Boardman, and Cheaters, forwards. Broughton Rangers—Harris, back • Barr, Hogg, C. James, and Hardyman, three-quarter backs ; Flynn and Harry, half backs ; J. L. Clampitt, Beetham, Mottram. Gminey, Wylde, and Wileman, forwards. Referee, Mr. .1. F. May, St. Helens. Touch judges, Messrs. R. Jones' ' Widnes, and W. 0. Johnson Salford. The Rangers started in strong style, and the home backs being unsteady in fielding at the start the Warrington line was endangered. Tilley fly-kicked in front of a forward rush and missed the ball. A try , seemed certain as the visiting front rank bore down on the line, but Dowell dived for the ball and managed to get the touch-down. After this narrow escape, Warring- ton removed play to the other end, some fine play being ' witnessed. Scrummaging followed near the line, and IJenkins picking up plunged through the ruck and grounded near the posts. Fish failed at goal, but the home crowd were now on good terms with themselves. Strong forward play by the Rangers altered the aspect of affairs. Flynn passed to Barr, and the burly Wiganer only succumbed at the corner to the united assault of Tilley and Brooks. Warrington bad some axioas moments, but a penalty against Flynn gave relief. Midfield play followed, both sides made excel- lent passing runs. Hardyman carried play nearly to the home line before be was sent in touch. Warrington got possession here and a great effort by Brooks got the ball away to centre again. Here Jenkins secured and bluffing the Broughton halves passed to Brooks. The latter dashed through at top speed with Dickenson and Fish in attendance and a perfect piece of combination resulted in the wing man scoring behind the posts, and also adding a goal. Half-time : Warrington 8 points, Broughton nil. The second half was strongly contested, and the visiting front rank had an advantage iu the scrummages. Warrington dribbled well, however, and O'Neill was cheered for a fine piece of footwork which took play nearly in the line. The usual penalty followed and the Rangers got away. Hardyman ran speedily and cross- kicked in front of goal,where Hogg was perfectly placed but knocked the ball on. This was the best chance of a try that the Rangers had, Warrington did some clever running and passing, Fish making one fine effort on his own, but the slippery turf failed him after he had dodged two men. On the other side Barr struggled hard to cross, but bundled into touch. Flynn again got into trouble for " putting in " and Thomas landed a penalty goal for Warrington. Little ot note happened after- wards, except one fine run by C. James. Final : War- rington, 2 tries 113 points ; Broughton Rangers nil.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MERSEY RIVALS DRAW.

Widnes and Runcorn met a Widnes before 3,000 Spectators. Early on Padhury had liosorrossfol ahotß at goal, and then Ditchfield broke away with a clear field, but as he was being overhauled he kicked up the and a glorious chance VMS lost through one of the Widnes men getting off-side. When in the home "25 " Jolley initiated a passing movement, and Deakin scored a good try at the corner. Padbury failed at goal. Half-time score :—Runcern 1 try (3 points), Widnes nil. Early on in the second half the visitors' defence was troubled, and Deakin in trying to run the ball out lost possession when tackled, rand Sam Aspey scored. Jones failed to improve. Jones and G. Aspey failed at goal kicks, and the match ended in a draw of 1 try each.

ST. HELENS FINE DISPLAY AT SALFORD. Salford and St. Helens met at the Willows, Weaste, under wretched conditions. From the start the home side took up the attack, but Armstrong prove very safe, and was the means of sending play to the centre. The visitors continued to hold the advantage,and from some good forward work Prescott was presented with a very easy try, and Greenwood added the goal. Play after this point WAS fairly interesting, and Lomas with a capital place-kick, reduced the visitors' lead to three points. Still the visitors were not to be shaken off and after some splendid work by the St. Helens forwards Kelly nipped in and scored. Greenwood on this occa- sion striking the posts in his attempt to place a goal. The home side redoubled their efforts, and Lomas kicked a goal and Cook scored an unimproved try before the interval.

The second portion proved highly interesting, and when Byman was awarded a try for obstruction the home supporters were on good terms with themselves. This, however, was short lived, for in quick succession Barton was credited with a couple of tries, 'which were not improved upon. The home side after these reverses made desperate efforts to obtain the lead, and eventu- ally, following really good work by Cook, Lomas was enabled to beat Armstrong for possession and score, the same player adding the goal points, and thus placing the home side in front. Result—Salford 3 goals, 3 tries (15 points) ; St. Helens 1 goal, 4 tries (14 points).

The Kangaroos. Results of the Tour to Date

For. Against Opponents G. T. P. 0. T. P. Mid-Rhondda 4 4 20 0 2 6 Bradford Rochdale Hornets 1 1 5 0 0 0 York 1 1 5 1 1 5

Salford 3 1 9 3 1 9 Runcorn Cumberland League ll 10 52 5 0 10 Leigh Dewsbury Yorkshire 3 6 24 1 3 11 Hunslet Aberdare Warrington Northern League Hull Kingston Rovers 2 4 16 6 3 21 Lancashire • 4 4 'A 0 2 6 Barr ow 3 5 21 1 1 5 Halifax

- Swinton Northern Union Treherbert .

Wakefield

C 3 69 325 41 48 220 Flayed 22, won 13, lost 6, drattn 3.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
s '

ii

iee

I

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEYINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURD The Worst Corns and Bunions. Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

===== 0002601_19081224_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Prywbere in boxes, price lili (56 pills) 4t 219 (168 ph

===== 0002601_19081224_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING 500 ,CardA, Memos, Statem,.nts, Pclt- carus, or Envelope 4 for 3/8. Special Blocks for all trules. Ax uus & C0.,62113ar1ry Rd.,Lecda,

===== 0002601_19081224_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
imm%imm;lls).

===== 0002601_19081224_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Ring up

Telephone No. 35 5Y

===== 0002601_19081224_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING

PRINTING

PRINT IN-G

OF EVERT DESCRIPTION

John Walker & Col

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET.

Ars replete with all Machinery, Types, dco., for A a' the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial ' ‘3.1 Printing and Bookbinding.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any sue or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type. and of the best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMME3 for Entertainments, leoncerts &c., In the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all !kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing— Bookbinding Lithography.

SICK, RECEIPT, aud SUBSCRIP7ION BOOKS Printed, Hound, iiumbered and Partoratt6 to order.

r TANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap LIL end effective,

HYMN PAPER G 1 for Schools, Sermons, Services •lons, keUvali. &o.

rIATALOGUE3 fur Public and Private Libraries I.J Atotioneers and Tradesmen.

Fuel!: LISfS Printed on cazti or papa illus trated, It required.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS slta

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest Doster in

the district,

EVERY ,DICSCRIPTION OF PRINTING lAG RIC ULTURAL AND FLORAL SCA ED WLES A a AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PRO G RAllusiEfi,

INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, In ME Books, Mru. Worm, CATALOG UES, CLUB RuLks, PROG RAM If ES,I BALANCE SINS,

:EXECUTED AT SHORT XoTICEII.

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SIJERTS NOTICES OF MEETINGS FOSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOrEs

POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

60in. x 401 n. in one sheet.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET,

===== 0002601_19081224_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

. .

,4. •

===== 0002601_19081224_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081224_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
8 GRAFT, POSSIBLE II AND SIJIGID [By MR. H. Munn, The above heading is startling, sensational, but it is awfully real. inf; story can be published in the wires will have flashed around the one of the most startlingevents th into the midst of a civilize( the world knows of the in so bare-faced a fashion, worst, to undermine and overt' principles that filled the lat men and true who laid the jot American Republic, and all the to-day the greed for money-ge of self are the twin evils that Republic of every vestige of t must accompany a real a' Among the nations of the w takes a little consolation to it other nations are just as bad some truth in this charge. a thoroughly rotten nation proved it. Graft caused uselessly and criminally lo( the writer was a boy Russia, and again in the recent still, graft has eau' of hard-working farmers 1 dishonesty of aMinister a euphemism applied to "Thief, and criminal " poor fellow who steals a San Francisco, a city hundred thousand peopl almost unknown quanta time was a task undert: and to reach San Fra routes awaited the dar wild went hand in haw perseverance brought law and order had to against lawlessness of The right prevailed ; seated the best eleme were born and reare( representative and but would think wr work of the evil-do eye, but as we death. At this present whole of the Pacifi centre, is in the has ever known ir corruption and t all. 'Yet the er losing their hen destruction to us underhanded blind, shall hay a city needed g 1906, when ea At that time ot workingman, I fellows. The things. Thej selection, the trate's chair,' double-dyed known as A' the Democrf a finger in t enough t( of plums prostitntioi downed. evil influe this, and I kind well came. 11 a large unknown as if to ( fire seer Still we of affai, idea of were At a n chair, made, appla mom( bees All t him bril is r hef cle en th et tl 1 7

p

#

l

November 13th, he attempted the murder of the 1 BATTALION COMPETITJ ON. lawyer. The supervisor who had his home blown up ' (Names in order of merit). R. a. d. rgt. T. Richardson Late M.T. Coy. 20 0 because he was going to give 'evidence for the i Se prosecution and whose name is,— ' Colour-Sergt. W. Wood D „ 10 0 - James L. Gallagher had just been on the witness Sergt. J. Massey D „ 10 0 stand and was standing inside the rail near the' Sergt. P. Maginn Late M.I. „ 1 0 0 Judge's bench when the shooting took place. He Sergt. H. Roberts II ~ 10 0 , was the coolest man in the courtroom after the L.-Corpl. C. Allen c „ 15 0 shooting. i 1 L.-Corpl. A. Allcock "Al McCabe was standing talking to Mr. Heney Private H. J. Spence A 1) 15 0 D ~ 15 0 at his desk," said Gallagher, "and I was standing Sergt. H. Morris D 15 0 ff quite near to them, just far enough away not to Sergt. J. Robinson Late Mi. „ 15 0 intrude as I wished to speak to H Sergt. J. Jones D ~ Heney when he had . 15 0 finished his conversation with McCabe. I saw this ; Sergt. A. Woods D „ 15 0 man Haas walk up to slowly to Mr. Heney. His 1 Private J. Smith Private J. Boardman G ~ 15 0 walk was slow and deliberate—there was not the 15 0 E 21 slightest suspicion that he was going to sheet. I Private J. Millett D ” 15 0 cannot explain how this man threw off every sus- Private G. Whittaker B ~ 10 0 picion of violence by his candid manner." Private G. Knight D „ 10 0 " Haas suddenly whipped out a revolver and I Private A. Sankey H ~ 10 0 saw the glint of the weapon as he carefully raised Private J. Church D ~ 10 0 it directly in line with Heney's forehead and pulled Private S. Cliff° H 1, 10 0 the trigger. Haney pitched forward, detectives Private T. Finch A ~ 10 0 dashed in and caught Haas. It was all over in a Bugler W. Miller D „ 10 0 second. I was inside the rail and did not have a Sergt. S. Moss F „ 10 0 chance to go to fleney's assistance." Private J. Kennedy D , 10 0 The ball entered at the right temple, passed down- Private J. Taylor A ~ 10 0 I weed, and the bullet of lead is now embedded in the Private J. Collin D 10 0 : jaw almost immediately below the lobe of the left Private J. Inman A 10 0 ear. The victim of this cowardly outrage is expected Private R. Sims G 10 0 Ito recover. Private J. Forbes A 10 0 Private T. Cease? G ' 10 0 1 On Saturday evening the mass meeting already Ireferred to was held. Its pu L. Corpl. P. Maguire D 7 6rpose was to give the Private T. Edwards G 7 6 , people an opportnnity to demand that the law's delays Private J. Spilling B 7 6 i should cease ; that money should not pull the beam Private H. Watkins C 7 6 , when justice was in the scale. As I have said the Private H. Millett D 7 6 mass meeting was of tremendous import in size as in Private T. Critchley F 7 6 object. If it kept its poise —well, if not, who can Private P. Burns E 7 6 say ? Living close to I got home as soon as possible Private T. Potter C 7 6 Cr. Sergt. T. Ashworth A 7 6 land for an hoar sat on an anxious seat. The crowd Sergt. W. Taylor A 7 G dispersed. We retired, hoping the morning would Private T. Jones E 5 0 bring good news of Henef. It did that and more. Private J. Spencer F 5 0 The Sunday morning's papers told its readers that Private W. Harris A 5 0 Morriss Hass who tried to assassinate Heney the Private W. Ashton ri 5 0 Friday previous, had committed suicide in the county Sergt. R. R_ Jigbat_ D 5 0 gaol by putting a bullet through his brain. L.-Corpi. P. efferson H 5 0 Private H. Yeadon c 5 0 How it came about that this man should be able to Private G. Holme G 5 0 commit suicide with a Derringer; that be should be 5 O. Corporal H. Whitfield D ~ twice searched, and no gun found ; That he should Private P. Donlan F ~ 5 0 be allowed to keep his shoes on simply because he Private W. Fairclough 1? „ 5 0 wanted to, are questions that are being inquired into. Private F. Price C I, 5 0 They seem to suggest the possibility that the "higher LCo rpl. F. W. Taylor C ~ 5 0 Private W. Cooper G , f 5 0 up's "are not yet at the end of their schemes to make Corporal R. Armstrong B ~ 5 0 one law ior the rich and another for the poor. 5 0 Private J. Marshall D ~ H. WHITEA.M. Sergeant G. Fogg c 5 0 1 Private J. Caldwell F , 5 0 Sergt. T. Knight B ~ 5 0 Private P. Morris D ~ 5 0 RECR VITS COMPETITION. Coy.

~

L s. d. 15 0 10 0 50

Recruit J. Cheetham Recruit A. Seddon Recruit T. Iligham G „ JUDGING DISTANCE COMPETITION. s. d. Qr.-Master Sgt. J. Wilcock A Coy. 110 0 Lance-Sergt. S. Thompson B „ 10 0 Colour-Sergt. J. Thomas C „ 10 0 SCOUTS COMPETITION.

• s. d. Corporal El. Whitfield D Coy. 1 0 0 Corporal T. Lowe D 10 0 SIGNALLERS CoMPETITION. £ S. d. Assist.-Instr. Sergt. C. Ashton and Corpl. L Condlifie did not take part in the Regimental Competition, awarded 15s. each. Lance-Corpl. H. Roden C Coy. 1 0 0 Lance-Corpl. C. J. Sheath A ~ 12 6 Private J. Battersby A ~ 7 6 Private R. Sleven D 5 0 RECRUIT SIGNALLERS. £ S. d. 76 50 26

Recruit F. R. McCollom D Recruit D. Dewar C „ Recruit R. Main D ~ Completed 20 Drills and attended Camp. Corporal L. Condliffe C ~ 10 0 L.-Corpl. T. J.Sbeath A II 10 0 Private R. Sleven D * 10 0 Private H. Jones A ~ 10 0 Private J. Battersby A „ 10 0 L.-Corpl. H. Roden C „ 10 0 Private F. McCollora D „ 10 0 Private R. Main D „ 10 0 Private D. Dewar C , 10 0 Private G. Carman A „ 10 0 Obtained Signallers' Badges. ' Sergt. C. Ashton A „ Corpl. L. Condliffe C „ L.-Corpl H. Roden C ,I L.-Corpl. T. J.Sheath A „ Private T. Conroy F „ Private H. Jones A , Private F. McCollom D „ Private R. Steven A ~ Private J. Battersby A „ PERMANENT STAFF COMFETITION. Cr. .Sgt. Instr. J. Allardice 1 10 0 Cr.-Sgt. Instr. M. Newell lO 0 OFFICERS' COMPETITION. 2nd Lieut.L. S.Henshall Ist Officers' Challenge Cup and Box of Cigars Captain P. N.• Avery ... 2nd Box of Cigarelt@s• The trophies vrere rend by Colonel Boonton, Colonel J. D. Fairclough, Mr. W. Owen (two), Mc. j. Malin, Edelsten, Mr. Henry Roberts, Mr. W. W. Dimmelow, Mr. W. H. Bleckly, and Captain Gooch.

1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 10 0

1

===== 0002601_19081224_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
L.N.-W. MANAGER RETIRES. ---- His Probable Successor.

Sir Frederick Harrison has resigned the position of general manager of the London and North-Western Railway, and has accepted a seat on the board of the company. It is considered probable that the directors will , appoint Mr. Frank Ree, the present chief goods ' manager, to the position of general manager. Sir Frederick Harrison, who received his knight- hood in 1902, has been general manager of the London , and North-Western Railway since 1893, succeeding the late Sir George Findlay in that year. Mr. Frank Ree, it is interesting to note, was at one time the company's district goods manager in Liver- pool. He left that position to take up his present duties in London in 1893. Our readers will probably recollect that in April 1907, Mr. and :qrs. Frank flee visited Warrington on the occasion of the opening of the Railway Institute at Bank Quay.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S.A. MEETINGS.

Warrington Society's Musical. Service:

A musical service arranged by the Warrington P.S.A Society was held in the Co-operative Hall on Sunday afternoon and attracted a large gathering. The ex-Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) presided, and after making reference to the poverty and crime existing in our midst and which it was the duty of Christians to try and remedy, expressed his satisfaction that the day appeared to be coming when the churches would knit together, regardless of creed or dogma, with one grand object in view, that of taking the Gospel into every lane and alley of the town. He also spoke on eulogistic terms of the work of the Salvation Army. Miss E. Taylor sang the solos Come unto Me "and " Entreat me not to leave thee "with much taste and expression. Miss Howell, who appeared in place of Mrs. Conron, was heard to advantage in " The better land" Violin solos were admirably given by Messrs. H. EL Pearson and A. Bete& Mr. J. E. Hannan, contributed "The Star of Bethlehem "and "The sailor's grave " with good effect. Mr. Herbert Plumpton, who possesses a I very powerful bass voice, sang "The outcast " and " Behold Me standing at the door," in a manner which greatly impressed the audience. The St. Barnabas' Musical Society orchestra was in attendance and, under the conductorship of Mr. H. J. Iddon played" Largo " (flctiulel) and " Tannhauser March " (ltligner) in a manner which •evidenced good progress. Mr. Frank Hickman and Mr. Forster were the accompanists. The whole of the arrangements for the service were carried out by Mr. Starkey. The lesson was read by the President (Mr. Nelson.)

THE WYCLIFFE SOCIETY. A well-attended meeting of this Society was held on Sunday, when special Christmas hymns were sung, including " Christians awake " and "While shepherds watched their flocks by night." Mr. Farrar presided and spoke of the pleasure it. gave to young and old to look forward to the celebrating of Christ's birth. He wished all the brethren and others " A very merry and happy Christmas "in the truest sense of the term. Mr Blane gave a short address upon " Goodwill to men.'- He said that, with the Chairman, he had very pleasing' memories of the Christmas of his youth. It was a great pleasure to look forward to these happy se:sons. Mr. Warburton sang " Blest Redeemer" and " The gates of gold," and was well received. Mr. Payton pre- sided at the organ. BUCKLEY-STREET SOCIETY.

An open meeting of the Buckley-street P.S.A. Society was hold on Sunday when selections were given from the " Messiah " by the Legh-street Primitive Methodist choir. 111 r. J. Beswick presided. The soloists were Miss E. Taylor. Miss L. Plinston, Mr. W. J. Booth and Mr. E. H. Pearce. Miss Plinston sang " lie was despised "and "0 Thou that tellest " ; Miss Taylor effectively interpreted "There were shepherds" an " Glory to God " ; while Messrs Booth and Pearce were equally successful with their selections. Mr. A. Spruce conducted and Mr. A. W. Clatworthy presided at the organ.

For all Chronic Chest Complaints, take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. is. IW. 2s. 9cl.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
8

===== 0002601_19081224_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAFT, POSSIBLE MURDER,I AND SUICIDE. \

'r-anciso ;

.11•11

Sgt. Bugler J. W. Plinston Colour-Sergt. E. Howard Sergt. D. Itidyard Qr. Mr. Sergt. J. Wilcock Lance-Sergt. S. Thompson Private G. Heath Cr.-Sergt. W. It. McLeish Lanc-Sergt. 6. Sankey Sergt. J. Lloyd Crpl. F. Holland

8

wist&v,

G. F F 0

>7 lf ff !I

[By MR. H. Winerreet] The above heading is startling, might be thought sensational, but it is awfully real. Before the follow- ing story can be published in the " Examiner" the wires will have flashed around the world the -news of one of the most startlingievents that ever thrust itself into the midst of a civilized community. All the world knows of the graft that is, in so bare-faced a fashion, doing its beat, or worst, to undermine and overthrow the democratic principles that filled the breasts of the good men and true who laid the Soundaticns of the North American Republic, and all the world knows also that to-day the greed for money-getting and the worship of self are the twin evils that are robbing that same Republic of every vestige of that nobility of life that must accompany a real and lasting civilization. Among the nations of the world the United States takes a little consolation to itself by saying, " Oh, well other nations are just as bad as we are," and there is some truth in this charge. Graft has made Russia a thoroughly rotten nation. Her war with Japan proved it. Graft caused thousands of lives to be uselessly and criminally lost in the war waged, when the writer was a boy, between England and Russia, and again in the South African war. More recent still, graft has caused in Denmark, thousands of hard-working farmers to lose their all through the dishonesty of a Minister of the Crown. " Graft "is a euphemism applied to a" higher-up' wrong-doer. "Thief, and criminal "are words we apply to the poor fellow who steals a loaf for his starving child. San Francisco, a city of between three and four hundred thousand people, was, sixty years ago, an almost unknown quantity. To reach California at that time was a task undertaken only by the venturesome, and to reach San Francisco, death by numberless routes awaited the daring pioneer. Toe call of- the wild went hand in hand with the call of gold and perseverance brought stccess. In " the days of '49 " law and order had to fight for their very existence against lawlessness of every conceivable description. The right prevailed ; the vigilance committees repro- ; seated the best elements of the lands in which they i were born and reared. The evil elements also were representative and to-day an outsider might think, i but would think wrongly' they were dominant. The - - work of the evil-doer is glaring. It strikes the public eye, but as we know the wages of sin are death. At this present moment, while I am writing, the whole of the Pacific Coast, with San Francisco as its centre, is in the wildest whirlpool of excitement it has ever known in its brief history, and graft, bribery, corruption and thievery are the roots and cause of it all. 'Yet the excited crowds of the streets are not The happy arrangement of holding the annual Volun- losing their heads. The whirlpool dces not mean tear prize distribution—as it used to be known—at destruction to us. It simply means that after years of Christmas time is being continued now that the new underhanded corrupt officialism Justice, though Territorial system is in force, and there was a large blind, shall have the road cleared for action. If ever gathering of members of the 4th V.B. South Lancashire a city needed good men and true, it was in the year Regiment and friends of the Battalion at the first event 1906, when earthquake and fire destroyed our city. 9 Territorial auspices which was held At that time our Mayor was one named Schmitz. A einvfettnhhanegt.iencdtuurnedgoom at the Drill Hall on Tuesday workingman, he was selected and elected by his i Brightly decorated with plants and streamers, the room presented a most inviting appearance,and the fellows. The great crowd of workers cannot know all function proved a complete success. Col. J. Reid things. They couldn't know that the man of their Walker, hon. colonel of the battalion, attended to dis- selection, the man they had voted into the chief magis- tribute the prizes. Colonel J.D. Fairclongh, command- trates chair,was a mere tool of one of the deepest and I jug officer, otherprfisided,anadntdh;r A officerseton present ta were:Captains ns double-dyed villlans that ever cursed the earth—a thin Fair.clo gh d, R Smith, A. B. Layton, H. °Owlen, H. 0. cr' 1 ?Ll.alorrosafriel known as Abraham Rnef. This thing of traffic ruled ' li' c Roberts and P. N. Avery, Lieutenants E. Fairclough the Democratic party, he was skilled enough to have and F. R. Monks, Second Lieutenants McClure, Whittle, a finger in the Republican pie ; and he was skilled E. Fairclougb, H. 0. Adams and L. S. Henshall, Captain enough to keep as a secret the number and Quartermaster A. F. G. Potter, and Captain and of plums he pulled his way. The dens of Adjutant G. R. Mott, with Sergeant-Major Ingram. prostitution flourished and could not be The visitors included Colonel J. A. Ethasten (secretary ire County Association, and late downed. Saloons and slot machines, and every other no!11 the yiens,,t officerLancas Lancashire the battalion),-Captain R. M. R. evil influence that could possibly flonrish did so. Allßoberts, Ronman A:S.C., Messrs. John Fairclough,H.Fairciongh, this, and crowds of unspeakable things of the vilest 11.Roberts,J. Hepherd, E. Woods, W.H. J. Jenkins, E. J. kind were in full working order when the disaster Hall, C. D. Parkinson,W. W.Dimmelow, Fairhurst, L. R. came. With the city twisted out of all shapely order; Rowson and W. Johnson, and Sergeant-Majors Boast a large portion of our inhabitants homeless, an and Scott, of Orford Barracks. unknown number lying lifeless amidst the ruins, and el Walker an excellent By the kindness of Colonel _ entertainment was provided. Professor Weber, of as if to crown the list of our disasters an irresistible ent' fire seemingly bent upon devouring our whole city! Liverpool, gave a wonderful display of conjuring, his tricks being quite up-to-date and most skilfully per- Still we had these smart men,among us,and at the bead formed, while he kept up a ran of amusing patter a of affairs, who thought the world was governed by the during the whole of the time he occupied the platform. , idea of wealth for wealth's sake. All our officials Later be delighted the company with a clever were of the Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde types. ventriloquial sketch. Mr. J. W. Barker, of Manchester, At a meeting, held at that time, Mayor Schmitz in the ' capital humorous items, his description provided some . . _ f a village concert being particularly good. Mr. i. chair, a number of cheerful optimistio speeches were -.(-; Ernest Stafford, of Manchester, played the pianoforte , made, the one from the chair eliciting rounds of i accompaniments. The battalion band, under the con- applause, as in it the Mayor stated that he from that I ductorship of Bandmaster Richardson, played some moment started a new and better life, a life that should i choice selections. ' be entirely devoted to the uplifting of his native city. I During an interval the distribution of prizes took All this time, and right on to the very hour that saw i Place- I him almost forcibly thrust out of the mayoralty, I Colonel FA f short address' said in the CouTSO 0.. as . said it was their first duty to thank the donors of prves bribery was making the fellow rich. San I who had enabled them to give that eotertainnuint. is a city of almost unwalkable long distanees, and d ' , There were four he would like specially to mention— before we could do anything either in the way of I Mr.W. H. Blackly and Mr. Hy. Roberts who had kindly clearing the city of its mountains of debris, or of I replaced a cup won outright last year, and Mr. Owen enabling the people to move to and fro, we must have and Mr.W.W.Dimmelow,an old member of the battalion, the street icars running. This brought about a I who had given additionalercum tie Territoriallaarre Altataenl struggle between the Street Railroad Company and I the nowwtohnelydwerennund t want prizes, but they the people. The latter desired the motive power to i they ; really wanted them more than ever. The be the conduit cable system, and the Company urged I whole condition of the finances was put the overhead trolley system. The deep work of the ;on a different basis and it took a great deal of -rich man with his money bags came in here, and I , struggling to make ends meet. Twelve months ago give it as a sample of the work then going on, Colonel Edelsten was telling theta all about the and now, at this tragic time given to the public. The I Territorial e ' Army They had had nine months of t n think it had turned out the bogey tragic event I shall refer to further on. Just now II i now yahnad b did not i d thought it would be and there was nothing to have to say that such an immense mass meeting " -I be nervous about. Tee strength of the battalion was never saw before has been held in a building close to 708, including officers, out of a total establishment any house at which I strength of 1009. They wanted a lot more recruits and Former Mayor James D. Phelan was introduced they also wanted those who transferred from the by Mayor Taylor. In his speech he told the history Vohmteers last year to continue their membership. of the graft development since the fire of 1906. lie ; The re-engagement terms were : Any man who was attacked William H. Crocker for his participation ' efficient in 1906 could re-enlist for one year, the men in the Parkside matter, and voiced harsh criticism i who joined in 1907 would be asked to re-enroll for ewo of Drumm and Louis Glass. He remarked that he , years to make up their total of four years, so that any was not a district attorney and that there were no I man who was efficient in 1906 would be able to join limitations on what he bad to say. "I'll mention; from year to year. They wanted a good many recruits the names," he said. "Pat Calhoun came to me this year and they had some inducements to offer. and said ' You fellows want us to put our wires 1 They were going to have a new scarlet walking- underground. We told him yes, that an Francisco out dress, and in July the King was coming aspired to be a great city like Washiagton and down to Knowsley to present the battalion New York, with wires underground and not a : with colours and it would be a great thine to see his village with a trolley. Majesty there. (Applause.) He hoped all the members "He offered us 200,000 dollars for the Park of the battalion would do their utmost to bring in panhandle. We declined to consider it. Then be ! fresh recruits and would also re-enlist themselves. He went out to the City Hall and made a deal for the was pleased that the musketry of the battalion had trolley franchise for the same amount he offered improved this year. (Applause.) The figure of merit ins. 200,000 dollars. I had gone up by eight points. A Company was the best i" That is why we are after Calhoun." In his , with an average of 115 ; B Company, 114; G Conipany peroration Phelan expressed his dislike for the ' 113 ; C Company, 112 ; and B and I: I, 110 each ; so that opposition press, and urged the listeners to with- there were only six points between the highest and the draw their patronage both from the papers and the lowest. (Applause.) He thought this was very satis- merchants who advertise in them. !factory. (Hear, hear.) The signallers had just been up The Pat Calhoun here mentioned is the millionaire ; for examination, and they had got a very satisfactory President of the Street Railroad Co. He was success- I repent. They wanted more signallers. It; was a very fill in his object. By bribing the City Council and Int tneerxesttitutesubjileceti,nadndtohettot---d rilet &olroen wouldafkoeirn for the Mayor he gained what he wanted. Through coming that night to give away the prizes, and also for Rnef, the political boss, he approached these men, l no the very fine entertainment which he bad provided. bard job inasmuch as he had elected them. Thus (Applause.) He had great pleasure in asking him to Mayor Schmitz was enabled to run the rich man's give away the prizes. (Applause.) badge, an expensive automobile, and make the grand I Colonel WALKER then distributed the prizes and tour of Forepe. Ruef confessed his crimes,most of the afterwardsr which ed hadC .ilonedl tFoainraoungnici also the those Council confessed their crimes. The Grand 3 ury found re present erenc reference for the cordialuawaey in which he had been true bills against them. They were put in jail. Now i , received. This was the first opportunity he had had of commenced the long wearisome trials, complicated meeting the battalion under the new auspices of the beyond all ordinary comprehension. The confessions Territorial army, and be wished to congratulate Colonel were all withdrawn, and a long series of appeals Fairclough upon having been appointed the first officer followed. The getting a jury together to try these •in command. Colonel Fairclough was not only efficient, men was made almost impossible. Intimidation of , but was a most popular officer among all the ranks. the vilest kind was used. The men of the jury were (Applause.) He (Colonel Walker) was glad once more to see Colonel Edeisten among them and he con- badgered beyond all bearing. Every feature of their gratulated him also on his appointment as secretary of , lives that could at all be construed to hare a criminal the West Lancashire County Association. (Applause.) - feature in it was brought to the front. Their families 'And relatives were approaChed with all kinds of THE PRIZE LIST. ; offensive suggestions, and above all, and guiding all was Pat Calhoun the millionaire President of the United Railroads. The worst of it was that the newspapers saw there was money in giving a qualified and diplematic support to the rich man, when out of it all stepped another rich man, Rudolph Spreckels, a native of San Francisco and one who loved the city of his birth ; determined to spend some of his millions in prosecuting the bands of thieves that abounded in the seats of the mighty. He called to his aid a noted lawyer, one whose success in putting rich land grabbers in jail, had brought him to the notice of President Roosevelt. Together these Iwo have fought,Prosecutor Attorney Francis J.lleney the most noted lawyer in the United States to-day, full of law,and Fit ; Spreckels with plenty of money. Think of it, a private individual finding the money for a prosecution of this kind, and not a cent, from the city treasury, and not one cent. to Mr. Heney for his -work or risks. One of the councillors for merely showing signs of weakening and giving information to the Prosecution had his home blown to pieces with a bomb, be and his family narrowly escaping with their lives. Again, two houses he was building were blown to pieces. Heney, the lawyer, was under one constant system of shadowing and espionage. Among the jurymen in one of the bribery cases was one man named Haas. Cross examination brought out the fart • that hehad been a convicted criminal. He was rejected, and eince this event he has nursed a revenge- ful! kali:4 against lawyer Haney, On Friday,

Winners of Battalion Shield " A " or Captain G. R. Crosfield's Company.

F. of M. 46 Winners of Silver Bowl "D" or Captain C. L. Williamson's Company. 69

F. of M. 46 WINNERS OF COMPANY CEP& A Co. Challenge Cup for General Efficiency Cr.-Sgt. T. Ashworth B „ General Efficiency Cr.-Sergt. E. Howard 13 „ Shooting D „ General Efficiency D „ Shooting F „ General Efficiency F „ Shooting D „ Recruits Cup F „ Recruits Cup BEST k•IIOT COMPETITION. (Names in Order of Merit).

£ s. d.

Coy. li o o „ 3 0 0

2 0 0

K ~ 1 0 0 ti „ 1 0 0

1 0 0

10 0 10 0 10 0 10 0

k

===== 0002601_19081224_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19081224_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TERRITORIALS.

CHRISTMAS PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Thursday, December 24, 1908.

iwith innumerable channels for their ener- gies, could attempt tb influence the public ; mind. Mysterious leagues and unions, ! equipped apparently with unlimited i funds, journeyed about the country from I by-election to by-election, pouring theit streams of misrepresentation into the pub- lic mind; some posing as Coal Consumers, Parliament was opened by the King on others as Tariff Reformers, others as Licensed Victuallers' Protection Societies; January 29th. The serious illness of the while every public-house became a corn- Prime Minister in the autumn and his ab- mittee-room for the Conservative condi- sence abroad caused some forebodings as date. A wild election at Peckham, con- to the necessity of coming changes in the ducted in much chaos and tumuk, re- Government. The losses in Mid-Devon and suited in an overwhelming Tory victory. Hereford had revealed for the first time The whole apparatus was subsequently for three years undoubted Conservative transferred to Manchester, and assisted in successes in the country : successes, that the rejection there of Mr. Winston is to say, uninfluenced ,by three-cornered Chu ill., after a Homeric contest. Then contests. It was at once evident from the it passed on to Wolverhampton, which speech of the King that this third session was but just held by the Liberals by eight was to be more than usually crowded with votes. Scotland, however, refused to be legislation. The bills which had been al- won by these blandishments; and at Kin- ready rejected by the House of Lords, such cardine Dundee, Montrose, tend Stirling as the Scottish Land and Scottish Value- returned substantial Liberal victories. tion Bill, with another attempt to deal Wales also, in Pembrokeshire, shewod no with Education, in refusal to accept a diminution of its unbroken Liberal alle- similar destruction, were to be mingled giance. with a whole series of first-class measures In such an atmosphere, with the Tory on such thorny questions as Licensing, Press railing abuse said the country Land Valuation, and an Irish University. divided into hostile camps, Mr. Asquith, The others promised, all of substantial as Prime Minister, on April 28th, Moved importance, were an Eight Hours' Day the second reading of the Licensing Bill. Bill for Coal N milers, a Housing and A four-days' debate, decorous and even Town-Planning Bill, an Irish Land Bill, dull in comparison with the outside hub- a Port of London Bill, and a bill to con- bub, resulted in a majority of 246 for the solidate and amend the law for the protec- measure; there being actually more Cons tien of children. servatives who voted for it than Liberals The debate on the Address produced voting against. little of interest, the most important : Three days afterward i Mr. Asquith in- amendment being that placed first, which troduced the Budget. It revealed evidence demanded legislation to deal- with the un- of the tremendous trade boom in a realised employed. This was moved by the Labour surplus of nearly £5,000,000, due, in the Party, and the Government majoristy sank main, to the swelling of the Inoorne-Tax to 49. A fierce attempt was made to im- returns. Mr. Asquith was therefore able peach Mr. Birrell's Irish administration, to make two momentous gifts to the which resulted in a brilliant and satisfy- , nation: the one the redection of the sugar ing defence from the Chief Secretary. duty by more than half its total amount, Sir Henry Campbell - Bannerman ap- I which means a loss of £3,500,000 to the peered to move a resolution concerning• Exchequer; the other, the allotting of the Lisbon murders. After one subsequent £1,250,000 for the first three months' pay- appearance came the news that another re- 'i ment of an Old-Age Pensions' scheme, lapse had taken place, and that his condi- which should begin on January Ist, three tion was giving much anxiety. For the -months before the close of the financial following weeks the interest of the public , year. Thus, without any promise made to was transferred from Parliament to , attract the electors, the Government took Downing-street, where the Leader of the , upon itself to give to the nation this tre- House of Commons lay fighting with ; mendous boon, the greatest of all modern death. In a House conscious of impending ' social reforms, which other parties had so change and rather indifferent to the busi- often promised, and promised in vain. ness proceeding before the change, the two The scheme was seen to be fashioned on Scottish bills were swiftly passed again wide and Liberal lines. Pensions were to and tent up to the Lords. Here the Scottish 'be given to all who needed them except Small Landholders Bill was once more ' aliens, criminals, or habitual non-workers. contemptuously thrown out, and the Land , The debates on the bill, which continued Valuation Bill only read a second time in ' through June and July, revealed the hope- order that it might be mutilated and , less nature of the opposition, which, emasculated and made impossible in Corn- I though nagging at details of the Liberal mitteo. I measure, shewed no intelligent advocacy The various items of the Government of any alternative policy. At. the end only legislation gradually appeared on the ten Conservative Members were found with scene: the Children's Bill on February 1 the courage to divide against the third 10th, the Coal Miners' Eight Hours Bill i reading, of which five represented Univers on the 20th, the Education Bill on the ' sity constituencies. The bill was sent to 24th, and the Licensing Bill on the 27th. 1 the Lords in July. They attacked its pein- This last, as unfolded in masterly fashion ; ciples without having the courage to ate by Mr. Asquith, proved to be a measure etempt its destruction; and, after a some- of far-reaching importance, involving not ! what futile effort to limit its duration for only specific temperance reforms and a six years, which was promptly rejected by hastening of the .extinction of superabuis- I the House of Commons, it was permitted dant licences through the compensation to pass into law. levy, but also a largo and courageous I This measure, with the Finance Bill, effort, by the imposition of a time-limit of which imposed no new taxation and corn- fourteen years, to regain for the State ' pleted the total repayment of debt in three complete control over the monopoly in the years of Liberal administration to fir sale of alcohol. i astonishing sum of £47,000,000, ' were the Of the various attempts of privates harvests of the first part of the session. In Members to introduce legislation, the most addition, the Irish University Bill, which important was that of Mr. P. W. Wilson, , set up new Universities in Dublin and Bel- who fathered the " Right-to-Work " Bill of fast 'with substantial endowments, passed the Labour Party to deal with the problem ! peacefully into law. of the unemployed. Although it was repu- I dieted by the acting Leader of the Llbsral The House adjourned for the short sum- mer holiday, well content with such a re- Party, and almost undefended in its cen- sult in a session which had been so die- tral affirmation in the House of Commons, ! turbed by the change of Government and no less than seventy-four Liberal Members 1 the loss of its header. voted for its second reading, in addition 1 Parliament reassembled on October 12th. to the twenty-five Labour representatives :In the interval, the great wave of pros- -evidence of the demand in the House for ! perity which the country had been enjoy- some large treatment of tho unemployed ling for the tees p:rovinnp yoars had vory problem. manifestly declined, and the figures of un- The death of the Duke of Devonshire employment in the skilled trades had produced suitable tribute from both Houses , eliaiply risen to a number unprecedented to his long service in public affairs. for more than twenty years. It was, there- The Irish University Bil4l, introduced I fore, with some feeling of apprehension on March 31st, revealed that Mr. Birrell 1 and amid considerable agitation in the had at last succeeded in solving a problem country that Parliament looked forward which had* been regarded traditionally for ito the consideration( of the unemployed a generation as impossible, and amidst , problem. The subject was raised at once speeches of welcome from the official Oppo- 'by the Labour Members, and, after sition, as well as the Irish representatives, lan attempt by Mr. Grayson to die- it was approved by the overwhelming , cuss the unemployed question on the majority of 307 to 24. Immediately before 1 Licensing Bill, which resulted in his sus- this Mr. Redmond had succeeded in oh- 1 pension from the House, the Government taming a direct vote on Home Rule and !proposals were outlined by the Primo the approval of the House of Commons to Minister. They included a policy of pro- a resolution in its favour by a majority of 156. vision of work by means of municipal Everything had been arranged at the be- i leans, an increase in the Central Unem- ginning of April for a long and important 1 ployed grant, the. speeding up of Govern- debate on the Licensing Bill second read_ ment business, especially in the dockyards, ing, when suddenly on Sunday night, and a guarantee of important legislation on April sth, it was announced that Sir I the whole problem in the immediate future. Henry Campbell-Ba,nnerman had resigned I Then the House proceeded to settle down his great office. The King was at Biarritz, doggedly to the detailed work of a discus- whither Mr. Asquith was immediately sion of the Licensing Bill, of which on summoned, and both Houses adjourned clause had already' been passed in the sum- during the time for the construction of the men It was work under the "guillotine," new Government. After a week of the mainly confined to specialists, in which usual gossip and excitement which accom_ the effeotive opposition was almost solely pany such reconstruction the changes ,maintained by Mr. Balfour. From this the were announced, the most important of bill finally emerged, after every substan- these being Mr. Asquith's acceptance of tial point had been discussed again and the Premiership and the Leadership of the again in debates which had become a House of Commons, with Mr. Lloyd- weariness. The chief alteration was a George as Chancellor of the Exchequer in liberal extension of the terms offered to the his place. Mr. Winston Cherchill entered brewers by a practical guarantee of the Cabinet amid general satisfaction as another seven years' security after the President of the Board of Trade, awl Mr. conclusion of the fourteen years' time- Runciman as President of the Board of limit. The bill was read a third time, and Education; his predecessor, Mr. McKenna, sent ,to the House of Lords by the over- being transferred to the Admiralty. Lord whelming majority of 237. A conference Crewe succeeded Lord Elgin as Colonial of Conservative Peers was called at Lane- Secretary. downe House, which decided to destroy it In accordance with custom, a meeting of without even taking the trouble to criticise the party was summoned at the Reform it. In spite of the pleadings and protests Club, in which Mr. Asquith's leadership of the Archbishop of Canterbury and was accepted with acclamation. " Remem,„ I several of the Bishops, of Lord Balfour of ber," he declared then, "that in British Burleigh and Lord St. Alclwyn among politics no victory is final and no defeat is the Conservatives, and a passionate and irreversible " ; and "the secret of our eloquent appeal from Lord Rosebery, the vitality as a party is constant and cease- measure was thrown out on the second less activity, while the opponents whom reading by a majority of 176. we have always to confront live and move Such unprecedented treatment of a and draw a large part of their being from Government measure of so great import- inertia and lethargy." "From the very ance, following on the destruction pre- first time that I could ever think," was viously of no less than four first-class his confession, "I have been a Liberal, measures, guaranteed that in the future and a Liberal I mean to remain to the end." the constitutional issue will dominate all Before this acceptance of the new °them until it is finally settled whether Leader, however, the party were submitted the elected or the privileged Chamber is to to the sorrowful task of mourning for be dominant. the old. Only a fortnight after his resigna- Mr. McKenna's Education Bill had tion Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman died. been read a second time in May, and was A universal regret and tribute of esteem then allowed to remain quiescent, while the from all parties revealed something of the new Minister of Education was given a manner in which by talent and character full mandate to endeavour to secure, he had been able to live down the rancour through honourable compromise, some- and bitterness with which he was once es- thing like an educational peace. That sailed, and to place himself amongst those compromise, after long negotiations with whose going is felt as a loss to the world, the Archbishop of Canterbury and others, "An idealist in aim," Mr. Asquith de- resulted in the introduction by Mr. Runci- scribed him in his eulogy in the House of man of a third Education Bill, different Commons ; "an optimist by tempera- from either of its predecessors, and offered ment." "Great causes appealed to him. definitely, not as the best possible measure, He was not ashamed, even on the verge of but as the only measure possible with any old age, to see visions and to dream chance of passing by agreement between dreams. He had no misgivings as to the the various religious parties concerned. It future of Democracy." _ secured its second reading by a substantial The truce thus finely called over the majority, with a rather ominous protest grave of the dead Leader in Parliament from all parties in the House, and a sub- could not long continue in the country. stantial minority of 157 against it. After The Licensing Bill had set loose in the a few days in Committee, however, the elections all the forces of fury and corrup- Church on the one hand, chiefly in connec- tion with which the greatest of all vested tion with financial aid to contracted-out interests, secure in immense wealth and schools, and, on the other, the limits of

trchi

the Ciovernment ofter in these matters, was, seen to be a gulf too great to bridge. And amid the rejoicings of the extremists, and to the regret of a great body of moderate opinion drawn from all parties, the further progress of ,the bill was abandoned. Meantime, other important measures of social reform were enabled throusth the beneficent result of the new Committee system introduced by Sir Henry Camp- bell-Bannerman to be simultaneously pass. ing into law. The Children's Bill, the Miners' Eight Hours Bill, and the Hous- ing and Town Planning Bill were thus discussed in detail, and approved by bodies of experts sitting on the Committees of the House of Commons. The long session, in which only one month of the year had not shewn a sitting of Parliament, drew towards its end -with a harvest of legislation of which any House of Commons might have been I proud; the Liberal Party, still maintain- ing its ranks unimpaired, and with the Irish and the Labour Parties working generally in conjunction with it, faced at the end a still disunited Op- position. Within that Opposition Pro- , tection was revealing itself as sweeping all opponents aside, and evidently determined to dominate the party in the future. Those few Free Traders who had still main- tained some semblance of a fight one by one either revealed themselves as quiescent or were branded for future destruction. Mr. Balfour, who maintained his Leader- ship in the House by ability of dialectic, without any stimulating programme which could excite enthusiasm in the country, shewed himself as not insensitive to this- change, and as more and more prepared to accept, in his own phraseology, the sub- stance of what was demanded by a party now preaching Protection naked and un- ashamed. It was very evident at the end that the Constitutional question of the challenge of the Commons by the Lords, and the economic question cf the challenge of the British Free Trade system by the 'l nee-Protectionists, are destined to over- '! shadow in the immediate future all other j political questions. At the dinner in his :-.. honour at the National Liberal Club, Mr. 4 Asquith said that the question of the vete ' A of the Lords would be the dominating issue ,to at the next General Election. .1 Parliamentary incidents of an unusual * kind were for the most part lacking, being I chiefly confined to the efforts of ladies call- '.*, ing themselves Suffragettes to obtain en- :14 trance to the House. Most of these were 4 organised attempts from outside to break through cordons of policemen, which re- sulted in little but unseemly scrimmages and arrests. An absurd incident, in which two women chained themselves to the " grille " in the Ladies' Gallery and. t created a rather grotesque disturbance' re- -, sulted in the clearing of all Strangers' Gal- leries from visitor,,, the House of Commons t thus working in the last few months of they year under a condition in which the repre- 7A Sentatives of the Press alone stood for the.: public observation of its activities. The:. I majority of Members found little moon-.' venience in such a cholla°. Mr X OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. 449 Carol Service at Legh-street. A carol service was held on Sunday evening as Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church presided ove j by Rev. J.B. Buglass, who also gave a short address The service consisted of choruses, anthems, solos and le hymn-carols, as follows : Miss A. Bridge," There were shepherds," "To the angel," " And suddenly," which was followed by the chorus 0 Glory to God." Miss L. Snelling rendered "God who math:at earth and heaven." - Mr. J. Willett gave" Star of Bethlehem," the choir also rendered "And the glory," " Lift up your heads "and the anthem "The Lord gave the word" (Turner). A number of hymm-carols were also sung by the choir and congregation and the service proved most enjoy- able. Mr. A. Spruce conducted and Mr. A. W. Clat- worthy presided at the organ with his usual_ability. The Vision of Peace. Preaching at Golborne-street Baptist Church on Sunday morning, the Rey. R. E. Letheren made refer- ence to the Peace question. Be took for his text "In the last days it shall come to pass " (Micah 4-1.) In the course of a powerful sermon, Mr. Letheren said that soi,lety bad now discontinued the COMNIG es .i. mua..) of settling individual differences yet retained it for the settlement of differences between communities. But the sense of justice was growing which would dis- credit that foolish and brutal practice in the one case as It had done in the other. Moreover it must be remembered that at a comparatively recent time in the history of mankind, battle was regarded by men of our own race as a religious rite. In the course of the middle ages the undertaking of the Church to establish the Truce of God was considered quite as chimerical as would be a proposal for universal disarmament in our own time. Nevertheless,it was established, and brought peace to a vast region which had therotofore been the scene of endless rapine and murder. He (the preacher) was not particularly fond of figures, but ho could not refrain from reminding them of how marvellously this feature of Micah's vision of peace had been justified by fact in our, own days. In the 9 years 1841-59 six cases of arbitration were established among nations; 1891-1900, 62 ; and in the three years 1901-3, 63. What- ever else war might be, few would deny that it was waste. It was a waste of material. Did any sane man consider that we had got anything like money's worth for the more than 230 millions that the war in South Africa cost us ? When they had put aside the con- tractors, the mine-owners and the officers who were pen- sioned, who was there who was a penny the better off . for it ? When they considered the desperate needs of hich one our country that could not be met, And our eternal want w or pence, who would not agree that war expenditure In the ss,- - was a wicked waste? It was a waste of mind. Some of the cleverest inventors, the cleverest thinkers, the most capable organizers gave all their time to perfect engines and methods of destruction. " No !" said some " not for destruction, but defence." What did they defend? It was not the weapons of the Germans, French, or Americans we need fear. It was their superior educational facilities. Our army did not defend our trade. It, was not a foreign foe that slew every year 128,000 of the people within the borders of the United Kingdom. It was drink. It was no foreign foe that had depopu- lated our countryside and left one on the land for five that formerly found is livelihood there. It was not the sword or spear of the foreigner that swelled the ranks of the unemployed. War failed to defend the very interests it proposed to make it its business to preserve. Then put up the sword. The voice of Christ once more speaks in the presence of the cannon's roar. Oh ! men and brothers let that voice be heard. War fails, try peace ; put up that useless sword." A representative of one of our daily papers was once interviewing a notable advocate of peace and he noticed over the fireplace a beautiful sword handle and asked him the purpose of such a warlike weapon in the abode of peace. "Ah, yes" was the reply "that's a sword from the Crimea. I could not turn it into a plough share so I turned it into a poker," he said as he gently stirred the fire. "If" (continued the speaker) "we cannot at once turn our swords into plough shares let us turn them lute pokers. We could stir into a flame the dying. sparks that shall illuminate the firesides of friendship among neighbouring nations. We would let some fresh air into our dull embers heaped upon the hearths of homesteads." It was better to help to build up the body than to batter it to fragments. The manifold needs of men in mind, soul, body. and estate were enough to demand all our energies and to these we must conse- crate our richest resources whether of mind or material.

LIVERPOOL JUNIOR CUP. THIRD ROUND.

RvLArDS'V. BIAINDELLSANDS.—ConSiderabIO interest was centred in this match which was played on Itylands Bros.' ground under depressing conditions on Saturday. The wretched state of the ground favoured the visitors, who were of finer physique than the wiremen. Both teams opened equal, each end being visited in turn. Eventually Luecock got the home team going, but was checked before he was dangerous. Play was transferred , and Martin came in useful at a critical juncture. newton was resourceful at back and played a consist- ently good game. When Rylands were again attacking , there was an infringement in the visitors' penalty area. ' Warren took the penalty kick, but the visiting custodian received the ball in his hands and cleared easily. The , home forwards lacked finish, and many shots were astray ' through injudicious kicking. Blundollsands attacked and forced several corners, but Booth effected easy clearances. One shot•went over the bar. There was no score at the interval. In the second bait Spencer scored twice for the home team, the final result being Rylands', two goals ; Elundellsands, nil. For Children's tackingeough at night, Wood's Great Peppermint Cure. is. 13. 2s. 9d.—Advt.

Warrington.—Printeciand published by SoriN WALKina ft Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works- Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examitsr Offices, Victoria-toad- WIDNES —32, George-street, ST. HICLRYS: 3, Market IStreet, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN Dec., 24th, 1908.

WPM

3 .. -. , - , 1 LI . . l'. r : . R I I ~.. : r • . ; a , •:. t 1/2,1 1 • ..-_:•:,:., - ' ...t.,,,, .. '',1,3.• 'i ~...., ),e -, ii i '1; 4 , . , , , , .., . _ Is ,t .. ... • i" 34 ~ ' ...: . , , .-. ~ . • , • , , , • : 3-.. , , ' , . , I I , , , , 1,

1! 1

===== 0002601_19081224_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. -- " Cinderella." Pantomime is one of the time-honoured amusements of this festive season —in fact Christmas without a pantomime would be sadly incomplete. Those desirous of enjoying this seasonable form of entertainment should see Messrs. Pardoes' and Miss Lottie Holland's production of " Cinderella" which entered upon a fortnight's run at the FLoyal Court Theatre on Monday evening. It was very very well received by an appre- ciative audience and good business h ould be the rule during the holidays. The story of Cinderella and the magic glass slipper, which never loses its charm for the rising generation, forms the groundwork of a medley of mirth, music and frivolity and the show is fall of life and briskness of action from beginning to end. Miss Lottie Holland, as Prince Charming, makes a dashing principal boy and finds great favour with several pleasing vocal numbers. Miss Nellie Rose is an attractive Cinderella who :passes her spare moments in singing and dancing, in which she is well accomplished. Miss Cissie Loveday (late of Mr. George Edwardes' Co.) makes the most of the part of the fairy godmother and sings "Starlight " with conspicuous success. Miss Lizzie Round and Miss Beattie Howard as Dandini and Princess Rosala respectively, are a gay couple who achieve considerable popularity. Mr. Tom Griffitt (late of the Carl Rosa Opera Co.) does admirably as Father Time, his robust voice finding i full scope n the always welcome songs " Revenge ' and " The Storm Fiend." The humorous element is, of course, well to the fore. Chief among the merry- makers is Mr. George Hyam as Scoot, the man in possession, and his song in which he declares his willingness to live on a desert island or beard ferocious lions rather than encounter suffragettes is one of the hits of the evening. The fun of the thing is heightened when a body of suffragettes appear on the scene and harangue an imaginary audi- ence on votes for women, ending in giving vent to their feelings in pugilistic fashion to the discomfiture of the mere man who happens to cross their path. All Grady and Mike Hastings are also very laughable as Blobbs and Blabbs, " pattering" and dancing being their specialities. The impersonations of the ugly sisters by the Bros. Dench are a triumph in " make-up " and Mr. T.Dorma cuts a ludicrious figure as the impecunious Baron. The scenic setting of the pantomime is elaborate and the magnificent coach, resplendent with electric lights, in which Cinderella goes to the ball excites much admiration. There are several excellent special turns. The marvellous Pardoes delight the audience with a wonderful arrobatic display and Zenieth,an animal impersonator, as Jacko, the mischievous monkey, displays extra- ordinary agility. Miss Lottie Holland assisted by six ladies, gives the attractive scena " Ayesha, my sweet Egyptian " which nightly meets with great approval. The Edingale Trio of Continental speciality dancers are experts in their particular line of business and add not a little to the success of the production. There will be special afternoon performances of " Cinderalla " on Boxing Day, Friday, January Ist and Saturday, January 2nd. FUTURE ARRA.NGEMENTS. The production of " Cinderella " will be the attrac- tion during the whole of next week. An important and expensive engagement of The Moody-Manners Grand Opera Company will be commenced on January 11th for one week only, when a programme of favourite operas will be submitted. The manage- 'meat have adopted the unique idea of allowing their patrons to vote for the operas which they wish to see performed. Voting papers have been distributed, containing the titles of fourteen operas, and the pro- gramme for the week will be arranged according to the result of this test. Followini, in quick succession the theatre will be visited by : "'Raffles " (the amateur cracksman), " Peter's mother," a grand and magnificent pantomime of " Dick Whittington," "The " The Christian," "Are you a Mason." F. R. Benson's Company, several favourite dramas, and also "The Lady of Ostend " by the Warrington Amateur Dramatic Society.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO MR. G. CARRUTHERS.

Mr. George Carruthers, second master at the Boteler Grammar School, who has just been appointed Mathe- matics Master at the Municipal Secondary School, Whitworth-street, Manchester, was on Saturday pre- sented by the boys of the II rammar School with a parting gift in the form of a handsome writing desk and a solid silver inkstand. The proceedings took place at the Heathside School in the presence of a large gathering of boys and " old boys. Mr. 13. Brown pre- sided and the presentation was made by Mr. J. Sterling, the head boy, both expressing regret at Mr. Carruthers' departure and speaking most warmly of his kindness to those under his charge. Mr. CaßnuntEtts who was received with deafening cheers on rising to retwn thanks, said he had been at the Grammar Reboot nea-lir twelve years, he had made lots of friends in Warrington, and he could say with a perfectly clear conscience that during the whole of that time he had scarcely met one single boy that he did not like. (Applause.) He was going to a better post in some respects, not so much on account of the actual work, or even the salary, as on acoount of the fact that the school was under a more progressive education authority in Manchester. He purposed for the present to reside among his friends in Warrington. He had been in the teaching profession twenty years. The last place he was at was a boarding school, and he bad to leave because he got married. (Laughter.) He was content to do that, but he regretted having to sever his connec- tion with the Warrington Grammar School boys, who were so well disposed towards him—(applause) —and on behalf of whom the whole of his work had heed a work of complete pleasure. Schoolmasters, he knew, were eminently a nervous, irritable race. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) He did not quite realise the reason of that. He knew a master in Warrington Grammar School—not himself—so full of energy that he did not sleep at nights. (Laughter.) Being what they were they were occasionally irritable and they sometimes said things they would not say in their sober senses, and did things they would not do if they thought a little more. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The true schoolmaster, be thought, was the man who endeavoured to do his duty to the best of his ability, and who was willing to bear with and try to understand, the child who might have caused him trouble. There were many boys with whom he had quarrelled over their work, but towards them be had always had the most pleasant feeling afterwards, and wawa ways prepared to do anything he possibly could for them. (Applause.) For himself he had been twelve years in the school and he wusted them to consider him an old Botelarian—(load cheers)—and to treat him exactly as they would treat every Old Boy. If he could do any of them a favour in after life he would he most happy to do it, and he should expect in return that everybody there would be ready to give him a helping hand in the world. It did not matter how well-placed one might be there were often occasions when a little help could do a wonderful amount of good. His last I word was : "Just treat me as an old Grammar School boy for the future." (Cheers). A vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. W. Bracecemp for the use of the room. Three ringing cheers for Mr. Carruthers were followed by three " for Sterling," and the singing of "For he's a jolly good fellow."

===== 0002601_19081224_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING NEGLECT CASE.

Children in a Cupboard.

Martha Jane Littlewood, 67, Priestley-street, was charged at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, with neglecting her five children ir, a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to health. She pleaded guilty. Mr. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., and stated that defendant was a widow, and the mother of seven children, and had lived for 6 years at 69, Priestley-street. The house was kept going by three of the children whose combined wages amounsed to 28s. per week.—Dafenciant was addicted to drink, and instea d of providing the ordinary comforts for her children, a large portion of the money was spent in drink. The children were poorly clad and dirty, whilst the sleep - jug-rooms were in a filthy condition. Dr. Peacock stated that he went to the house on December 19, find then saw three children ranging from 12 to 6 years of age. They were very dirty and verminous. The only food in the house was a portion of a 21b. loaf. Inspector Cos was then called, and stated that he had had the defendant under his observation for 13 months. The children were in a deplorable condition. They.had only a dirty filthy mattress and a few filthy rags for a bed, which was not fit for animals to sleep upon. He had warned defendant, but for the last two months she had been as bad as ever. The poor children were clothed only in dirty rags, and he had to find clothing for them in order to take them to the Workhouse. On one occa- sion he visited the house and defendant told him the children were at school. 'He searched the house and found them in a small cupboard underneath the, stairs. The poor children were frightened out of their witts Defendant was always sodden with drink when he saw her. Robert Littlewood, one of defendant's sons, said he gave his mother 12s. out of ISs. per week. He had to buy his own clothes. His mother spent her money on drink. Defendant was sentenced to three months' hard labour.

For Influenza and Bronchial Coughs,Vitoods Great Peppermint Cure. Is. Id., 2s. 9d.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19081224_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICAL YEAR.

SPECIAL REVIEW By C F. G. Masterman, M.P.

===== 0002601_19081224_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PRELIMINARY ARBOUR CH HUNT. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNS STREET WARRINGTON. GRAND BAZ &AR. PARE HALL, MARCH 24Tm To 27T2, ISO 3.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHUROLL W AMONG/ ON. SUNDAY NEXT. DECEMBER 27T0, 1908. Morning 10.30. Bev. V. WALWYN KW:MICR. Evening 6.30. Rev. THOMAS MILLER. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORN IL STREET. SUNDAY MIXT, DHOSslBilft 27TH, 1903. SHY. H. H. LIITHBRIIN. Mousils9, 10.45. " Worship." EVKNIXO. 6.30. " Weymerks. SBW TSAR'S RVB. RRADDIC MUSHY HOBIIRTS, HeQ.,T.P 7.30. Service of Song. 9.0. Hot Sapper (Tickets Sixpence). 11.0. Watch Night Service.

BAPTIST CHURC H, LATCHFORD. SUNDAY NEXT, 13E13131281itt 97nr. 1908. FARACHER : RIOT. J. P. M&TTHIIWS. Moturron. 10.30 I "1e strongeet thing in the world." BVILXIXO, 6. : Bnptismal Service. 0101,1111TOILISS.

W Y CLIFNE CONGR U EGATIONAL CHURCH. EH WallE STRUM, WARRINGTON. SUND&Y MIXT, DSOBAIBRIt 27TH, 1908. FBIACH Elit3 W. 30 : RHV. J. YONGR, 6.30 RBV. H. WALL. N.B.—Thorsday. Dec. 31at, Watch Night Service at 11.15 p.m.

POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST. SCHOOLROOM. SATURDAY NIGHT, DUO. 26TH, 1908, ST 7.30. AIITISTSB s Miss irmil COCKING (Manchester); Miss ANDREWS (Liverpool) ; Mr. STRWABT, Ventriloquist (Manchester) ; Mr. BUCKLEY (Manchester) ; Mr. EDWIN BBILD, Entertainer (Manchester); Miss }ITEM, RUNT, Marvellous Child Pianist; Mr. G. BARRATT (of London) I:humorist. and the OBLEBRATED PERFORMING DOG. ADMISSION, ONE PENNY. GALLERY TWOPENCB. -

ROYAL COLTILT TIigATRE, W ARfil/;,:10S. ',Rom:mos: MR. JOSRPH BRECHAM. GENERAL MANIGIBB 7 Yds. A. M. LOADRR. MONDAY NEXT, DBC. MIL LAST WREN or. HARHOH A Haudusn's COMIC PANIC/MIMS CINDER.ELLA. CHORUS Ann AUGMIINTIM OROHBSTRA. BLiiCTRIO COACH AND PONIRS. AFTERNOON PERFORMANCES :—Wriclay, January lat and Eaturday January 2nd. 19‘,9. Doors open 1.30 p.m. Commence 2 0 p.m. Beats may be booked at the Theatre from 10 to 3 daily Ind during the evening performances. TRLEPHONS 046 J.

I:IAIIk>,PEARE THEsTEE, LIVERPOOL.— L-7 SATURDAY DRCEMBBR 26TH AT 1.30 AND /WRAY PPRISING AT 7 O'CLOCK. THR GRAND CHRISTMAS PANTOMIBIS JACK AND THE BEANSTALK. MISS ADA 111111 VB AS "JACK. 13upported by the Strongest Pantomime Co. In Nngland. RVIININGS AT 7. 3tATINRIIB FOR THI4 FIRST WHIM AS FOLLOWS : Monday, Dec. 28; Wednesday, Dec. 30; Thursday, Den. 31; Friday, Jan. lit; Saturday, 2nd ; and Monday, Wed- nesday, 2horsdY &Saturday at 2 o'clock until further notice

w ARRINGTO 'N MUSICAL SOCIETY. SEASON 1908-9. SECOND SUBSCRIPTION CONCRITT, ii TEE PARR HALL ON SATURDAY RXT, DI4ORMELIR MR, 1908 (BOXING DAY). MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME INCLUDING ELGAR'S " BANNIIR OF ST. GRORCiii " CHRIbTMAS CAROLS, ac. ILETISTEd MB. ARTHUR CATTERALL Fol.° Vzolax In. HORATIO CONNELL BARIToNE NUS CLARICE NEWALL EOLO PIANOFORTE CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA or OTBR 200 PERFORMERS. CoriDucTon : MR. PRANK 11. CROsSLEY. Hon. Organist r Ma. W. H. PITTorr Mu& BAC. Leader of Crehestra MB. 11. H. PEARSON. Doors open 7 p.m. Concert 7.30 p.m. Carriages 10.10. •ficket-holders admitted by early door et 6.45 p m. Pawns OF ALMISsION . 40., 35., 25., Is., and 6d. THE PLAN of reserved seats is now open at MB. B. H. PEARSON'S !dram WAREIIoUSH, Bridge Street. J. P. REYNOLDS. W. H. AKIN, Hon. Treasurer. Hon. Secretary.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 4th day of JANUARY, gIC9, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Li mud .Iwviit_wpl be empannelled. The bearing of all Appeals arising within t. Patr Sessional Divisions of Broxton, Chester Castle, Dares- bnry, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Runcorn, Winsford, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Divisions, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in ,1 attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the Opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 4th day of January, 1908, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. , THE COURT will be Adjourned to the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, on WEDNESDAY, the Gth DAY OF JANUARY, 1909, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Altrincham, Bucklow, Dukinfleld, Middlewich, Sandbacb, Congloton, Northwicb, Prest- bury and Stockport, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Divisions, will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Rnutsford District must be in attendance at the Court Home, Enutsford, at the Opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 6th day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD PUTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 14th Decetaber, 190 S.

bUtatil-WiT HAYES 'S RESTAURANT (KRPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PROPLR.) 38, CIiAPEL-STREgr, ESTISIATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIE9, PICNICS , Tissiumosists TROY .e.u.so-ir EVERY TOWN II LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THIS OLDEST It3TAHLISHRD lIHSTAURANT IN TOWN.

A CHOICE CIOARETTF. SUDLOWS SPHCIAL SILK CUT OIGARIITTB3. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco, Bd. per ow., 26. 61. per ilb. box. UDIA/W T. S C CIGAR BIBROEIAIITS, 15, WINWICKIST., AND 65, I3JTTBILURKE ST., WARRIfiCITODI.

_ STEPHEN MOSS' & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL EMITI, ALL RINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS ?STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS OP WHEELS HOOPED. 1101 WATER ENGINEERS, Ac. WORKS: 4CkDENII STREET, WARRINOTOL -

%by( ALAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE AMIE OP PERPHOTION. t+HAFFIEL DIAKII, WARRANTED, POET PRES 21. Bd., 35.. 48. On.. Axn.bs. OD J. O. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English:Labour. Local Agent I J. HIMSwORTH. Marketalsll. Warrlngton GEDDZS'S DANDELION COFFEE. THB BEST ADD OHEA.PEST ,I3VER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROOERi AND DRUGGISM IN CANISTER'S 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., EACH WHOLIIIIALB ET J. GEDOP..9 ac sum LTD. WARRINGTON.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- • Me. FRANK litunticirrnes. 7-0-TWICE NIGHTLY-9-0 MONDAY HIM, DIICIIMBHR 28TE, 1908. DOLLY ELSWORTHY " TRH ORANGH GIRL." TUB WALTON% Eccentric Gymnastt. RAYMOND'S 810-TAHLE&UX. JULIAN ROSS, Comedian, ROSH AND WOLD, in their Comedy Wire Act. TUB BHTSONS, Comedy Cyclists. iii" A I...amp's Holiday." JOHNNY DWYER?, the Ver•atile Comedian. HYDE AND CODY TRIO HCOHNTRIOS, IN lIISANH TRICKS. GRAND MATINS% WITH FULL STAR COMPANY. BOXING DAY AT 2.30. Gallery, 3d.; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d.; Early Door, 9d. Circle, lc; Early Door, la. 3d.

TO BE OPENRD SATURDAY. JANUARY 2ND, 1909. WARRINGTON. MARRBIT-a&TH, BRIDGB-STRFUST. Prinelpals : Miss PEILICIA BUTTON, A.L.0.M.. Senior Vocalist, Trinity College, London. Miss MARGARBT BUTTON, L.L.0.151., Cert. Pianist, Irinlty College, London. Patrons Worship the MAYOR (W. J. Porshaw, Rog ); SIR GILBERT GHBENALL. BART.; J. CHARLTON PARR, Esq.' 1.P., ; 3AMRC. SUTTON. Esq. , ALL MUSICAL INSTRUERNTS and SUBJEUTS, Irsolud. log DRAXATIC and ELOCUTION, TAUGHT. I First-slams Protassors.—All applications for proapeolus and Series (moderate), and oihee communioationi to be addressed to the Frincipsla.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2i PER csNr. INTBRBST allowed on Depotlt Accounts repayable on demand. 2 PEEL CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Mugle 13,:0k. All General Banking Business transacted. ALMANACK, WITH PULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. P. RAVENSOROY Z. bacatcyanY

KENDA L, MILNE & CO.'S WINTER SALE OF DRAPERY STOCK. MONDAY, JANUARY 4TH, TO SATURDAY, JANUARY 16TH. • NO CATALOGUES. GOODS NOT SENT ON APPROBATION DURING THE SALE. LETTER IHAVE CAREFUL AND ORDERS I EXPEDITIOUS ATTENTION. Howls oy Bvsuutss, 8.20 To 6. SATURDAYS, 1. TPLEGRAUS " KENMIL." TELEPHONE 6203. KENDAL, MILNE & CO. MANCHESTER.

XMAS! JAKE GRAHAM FOR GRAMOPHONL'S AND PHONOGRAPHS.

T"ORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRIIPARHD 0 RH021178 LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURE% Municipal Offices. Warrington.

INCOME TAX. ARE YOU OVfill-LeiBEISSEID ? If so, forward Notice of Assessment and any other TAX Papers to JOSEPH DIXON, F,A.A., INCOME TAX 8P11:31 /MST, 18, OIARSDI93 STREET, WIGAN. Over 20 years' Official Practical Experience of Taxes In the Offices of Aesessers, Collectors, and durveyors of Taxes.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 21. per ox, 00VERLB1TH I TAILS OP ) nom HAIR VILLIARS, PURR FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LBBOR ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

WOULD YOU LIKE TO BBH 3101111 OF TRH WORLD, to become fitted for a steady position ; a pasition where you can get ahead and save money Ibe I.C.S. Marine angineers Course provides the Complete Technical Training necessary. anl the methad does 1204 Interfere with your present occupation. Write or apply for free booklet which explains how, to Mr. B, INTIIRNATIONAL CIORHBSPONDBROB SCHOOLS, WINMARLBIGH CILIAMBHR9, SPHIN4IIBLD STltHia, WAIIRINLITON.

TO LANDOWNERS AND FARMERS. t 3 GROUND LIMESTONE. CA RTEF.' This, m a MANURB and PERTILISBR for Grass and Ploughed Land, Is proving noel( a highly efficient and economical dressing. (See Lanoastdre County Council's Report roc 1907-3.) We are grinding this to a line powder from pure White Limestone, containing 93•58 of Carbonate of Lime. $44 riddling, from broken atone. Sent in bags to any station in Bragland.—Apply JAMBS CARTER AND BONS, LTD., HELLMAN PARK AND SALTIIIILL LIME WORKS. CLITHEROB.

! FRESH AS THE MORNING! FAMILY PARCELS. CLEANED READY FOR COOKING. CARRIAGE PAID. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. 6lbs. 25., 91b3. 2s. 6d., nibs. 35., i4lbs. 3s. 6d., 211b5. ss. Also Hotels, Schools, Institutions, Hawkers, Feted Flab Stops, regularly supplied at special rates,—Address, THE GRIMSBY TOWER FISH CO., Ho. 14, POSTOON, GRIMSBY.

X IAS!! XMAS !! ! The Present that will be a lasting pleasure for all time Is a GRAMO- PHONS on PHONOGRAPH. Splendid Stock of Machines and Records to suit all purses. The wonderful new BDISON IiIiCORD, PLAYS OVER 4 MINUTES. Call or write for Lists. 76, RENSHAW STREET. & 271, PARKEOAD, LtvimPoot.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 173 BRE*IR'B AGENT AND BUTLER OF, stout, Basis Pale Ale, Bass's No.l Strong Ale. Worthington's and Atleopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and fdack's Hop Fitters. lsopp's and Jeffrey's Laosa BEHR IS BOTTLE. Aug) Idaarryacruuabe 01 HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KIND. SIMMS 36. LIABILIIY, BURGLAR AND FIDEILITY GDARANTIIII RIMS INSURSD AGAINST 131( TBS RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £I,OOD,COO CLAIMS PAID £6,400,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDOIC A. VIAN. Secretary MANCIIIISTSR OFFICE, 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agent. required in unrepresented districts. AGIINTS t Warrington Mr.O.J.HOLMiss, Queen's Charnbers,Sankey it. " Mr.W.H. RlGHEY,NessoliffeNlotorls-rd.,lAtoh '6"rd Bt. Helens LEACH. Hardshaw-strett klaydook Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows andbach ..Mr. P. J. PINLOW. Rookery Bridge

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BoUGHT.—MIST PlllOll for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARILIAORPAID. Second-hand DlißaS SUITS, MILITARY', IHBATRICAL BAND UNIFORMS. LIVII RIBS, ARM! TIINTS,SaIe or Hire MINT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRIOR. L &CHM' BVIINING DRIISSRS, COSTUMHS, BLOUSBS. GHNTS FUR-LINHO and FROCK 00ATS. PORTMANTRAUS, Ac., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSBRS,SHIRTS,BLUCHBRS,WRLLINQraNS, 4/ARE/LOANS. OILSKIN 3, POLIOIO C/AIOSS, GORMAN'S, 328, 328, and 340, Deal:legate, Manonester. Established 60 Years. Telephone No 413

SANI7.ARY ALT ERATIONS. MOONEY & CO., 1-• OONTRAUTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONORIITHO IrraataiNG. AND BRICKWORK. LOVITM PRICE OR GOOD WORK. 2?, WARWICK ST., LEVBR ST., MANORBSTUR. 3679.

IiSTABLIEIHED 1833. MIS. THOS. CLARK-El, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFYIOE, 33 MARKET STREET, EAULESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE TOR PRESENT B

efIRISTMAS PRESENTS. DOLLS, TOYS, GAMES, CUTLERY, KNIVES, FORKS, SPOONS, &c. SAM. N. GREEN, SPOT SHOP (FISH MARKET) UNEQUALLED FOR VALUE PiND VARIETY.

NOW SHOWING, Our New Stock of .Overcoats In all the latest Cloths suitable for the resent season. 110X:Z.41SsX Mrit 36 EIUTTERMARKET STREET, Warrington:

Dr. Christmas is the physician to heal old sores : his presription is "A Reliance Umbrella given on Xmas Morning.' It never fails.—WasoN & Co., Umbrella Experts, 48, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

Xmas Bazaar. Pi Magnificent Display of Goods suitable for Xmas Gifts in all Departments. W. Modgkinson Ltd., Bridge Street, Warrington. Telephone No. 184 Closed on Friday and Saturday Dec, 25th and 26th

WADSWORTH'S PIANOS 59 Sankey Street, Warrington.

Mare 41711130EtirP2X.Mar, The only Gold Medal CTURE FRAMER AND GILDER,

SEE WINDOWS for bargains in USEFUL PRESENTS suitable for the season.

NOTE THE NUMBER 145, It Is the Number of DOWLING'S, sriasnEKEY STREET (Opposite the Park). HE SELLS XMAS CARDS. ENOUGH SAID.

J. E. WARREN 80, Bridge St., Warrington , (Opposite the Lion Hotel). BEST BUXTON LIME direct from the Kilns. `.PARMERS ORDERS SPECIALLY SOLICITED. NOUSE COAL AT LOW PRICES. Telephone S4r.

Annual ehristmas SALE of WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, ELECTRO-PLATE and SILVER GOODS at = FINLAYSON'S= 42, HORSFMTIRKET STREET, Warrington. GENUINE CASH DISCOUNT OF 2/- IN THE Z. All our goods marked in plain figures.

Banks' for Xmas Presents Umbrellas, Ties, Mufflers, Ladles' Blouses, Walking Sticks, Silk Handkerchiefs, Gloves, Travelling Rugs, Gloves, Vests, Belts, etc. Banks' for Xmas Presents THE CHRISTY SAFETY RAZOR 5/. Complete with 6 blades and strop. are, 313.41a."Vrifi Gentlemen's Outfitter, HORSEIWARKET :STREET.

FICI ar 0 Mil TOP OP 1131R,TIDG- HAS CHARMING NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR CREMSPrIVIAS PRESENTS. HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW PREMISES?

UMBRELLAS & WALKING STICKS FOR XMAS PRESENTS. • WiE(IOICr.BZUVIXIM 13) 9 Are showing the choicest obtainable at prices to suit every purchaser. Engraved with name and packed for post free of charge. Orders by Telephone will receive prompt attention. MOUN FIELD'S Ye Olde Umbrella Shoppe, Opposite Parr's Bank, HORSEMARKET STREET, Warrington. TELEPHONE 339 Y.

Xmas Presents—Useful and Attractive, At the LOWEST PRICES in the Kingdom. Select from the smart Stock at the PIONEER Furnishing Stores, Bold St., Liverpool. CASH, or EASY HIRE PURCHASE ',TERMS. SPECIAL XMAS CATALOGUE and LARGE NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE (124 page') poet free on application.

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects ? If in doubt don't delay; don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the best methods known. Then, if you need them, we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCHER & SONS, Eyesight Specialists, 73, LORD STREET Estb, 1848. LIVERPOOL

THE WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER. =OR cleansing and clearing the blood of all y impurities from vhatever cause arising, " Clarke's Blood Mixture' cannot be bettered. It has over go years' reputation, and is to-day more popular than ever, the reason being un- doubtedly because it is recognised throughout the world to be the only safe, thorough and lasting remedy for Eczema, Scrofula, Scurvy, Gad Legs, Ulcers, Abscesses. Polls, Pimples, Bletthes, Spots. Sores, Eruptions et every hind, Wood Poison, Glandular Swellings, Rheumatism, Gout, etc. Of all Chemists & Stores, 2/9 per Bottle. AO

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS TROUsANDS OF LADIES HAVS DRRIVIID 61EiRAT RENISFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FBMALIi PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE RISPUTATIOB AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Amainla Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss Of Appetite,Hysterta,Palpltation of the Fleart,Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boar. 9d.. Is ltd.. 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and its. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONITIPAIION CURB. A positive Specific for Piles sod Constipation. and unequalled remedy for loss of appeate and Liver Com- plaint. Bottle. 2/9. 4/8. 11/-, by poet be. extra, 3C9 PORTOSII.LO-1101.D. NOTTING HILL. LONDON. W. ((jnly addreas).

DIANO.—PINII, NM, UPRIGHT GRAND ; rich tone 1 iron frame, latest Improvements ; coat 30 guineas ; take 17 guineas; cash wanted—l, LA WEIR DALLIM LANE. Warrington.

UOR NURHRY, Sick room, household purposes, Patent I Vapour Nightllght and Food Warner, Id. for Parrafia gives 250 boors VOL Sample 91.—Di0oXLIGHT, 243. Hyde rd., Manchester.

-NU HY tie Liquid ticent? Our Perfume Tablets impart V a n exquisite fragrance to handkerchiefs, linens and other materials ; 6d.. Is. boxes.—Frora the Manufacturers, 138, Yi.xx ET., Liverpool.

1 OVELY BLOUSES. —Cream De 'wines. beautifully LA embroidered fancy co'ouredlaines, Jan Silks, all from 2s. lis.—Write for Catalogue, K.,I7OI:TINGHASI WARE- HOUSE Co., Nottingham.

Bit Book I have ever read,' writes a married lady " and I wish I had eeea It years ago." The Ulu, tritd medica book lent post free from A. BecKsTr, 11. Gastion rd., liammeramlih.

J IGHTNING Fftiir Festorer, restores grey halt. natural LA colour, produces luxuriant growth, removes dsndruff, prevents hair tattling out ; trial ¶llll convince ; Its. bottle, postage Cl. ISCHwxsr Davrae. Shrevrebury.

rro Insure a Bright and Cosy Christmas, write for 1 dozen .1_ Mahelight Incandescent Mantles for 3s, Carriage paid. Wonderful value —The MABRLIGHT MAITI.3 CO., 68, Southampton at., Camberwell. London, 5.0.

()YSTIIRS, OTSTBRS, for Christmas Pretents.—Prime, large, fat natives. direct !rum grower to oonsumer, 25 for 35., 60 for 51. 6d. 100 tor 10s. ; carriage paid, oath with order ...CRAMPIXLD t CO., ntltilbaCri.oll-CIOOOII

N 1197 FEAR Ofri+Hß.—Tadiing Machine and Dozen Records ICti. 61. ; Dime Machine and dozen 2s. records, 295. 6,1., carr!eg pall ; money returned if nob satisfied.- 0011110 CYCLE Co., Jamaica Row, liirmlughanl.

I\lll.pleTrAptil K. Niirti.HvapOKOnTe:, Bemooatrst vaeprpyeasrtarnocne,,, 76s 6 s. 6.13. per pair ; Bluchers, 65. 64. per pair, any size ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approved.—H. J. G.seeozr, Bye. A 5101711 Y BARl4llll.—Have you a Duplicator ti to make; Cost Bd. limy to work. zaves printers bills. Barns money. Instructions for making and using, P.0.18.1d.t0 Buw.DATtss, Q•le.n Anne's Chambers,London.

lICIS I RUGSI 1- Good. all wool, 61t. long, 6ft. wide b. and welgh over 4lbs. ; Government grey; only been used a little, much better than common, new. I will send one post free for 31.—From 11, S. GAMON, Government Contractor, liye.

BUSEIILS-UCCLE VALSIMBERO, 287, Inditute Aerncudt ; Boarding Echool for boys under 18 ; charm- ing alt. ; large garden. playground, football feld ; excellent cuisine ; French, German commercial oorreapondeues ; refs. In ',oaten& Write for profirectus.

Silver Hall-marked English Lever Watch, splendid condition, cost £5 Si., sell Et ; also another solid Ailver lever watch oast £2 2e. ; Kays Worcester in perfect order El 51. Graves Express English Lever Watches, Rs. cash.— Mr. A. HOUGUTON, 1. Spring rd., Ibstock, Leicester.

RUI3I3HR NOODS anl every description of Surgical and Domestic op`iances half usual prices ; valuable Infor- mation and Illustrated list free ; four splendid samples is., or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth ss.)—W. If. DOMAN & Co., Manufsseturers, Robson rd., West Norwood, London.

1 MINA, B aRTHIMWARII. Sit CON DS, every description V Banat's, ehlps, market ; cheap I,ts. tiee beginner's crate, free te,set ; tremendous variety. Also Hawker's large bulk crates, about 1,031 articles, 38s. 6d. Cheapest in trade. Lists free.—ARTHUR .1. Hula., Normaoot Works, Longton, Staffs.

\AT ATRRPROOF COVERS, pliable Rs railway sheets, V 12ft. by 9ft. 12.. ; 15ft. by 9ft., 15s. ; any size at 11. per square yard, with lashes. Superior stout rot-proof green Canvas, any Oz.-, Is. ed. per square yard, with lathes. Cash returned if not approved of. NO rubbista.-11. J. 13.0.13015, Government Contractor. Rye.

‘ITATERPROOF CAPEB.—Large size, suitable for Cyclists or men exposed to the wet, 3s. each Large Police Oilskin Capes, lined with serge, 5. each. Extra Large 13lue Cloth Police Capes, be. ed. and es. Ed. Bpiencild Rubber Jackets, any size, Ts. 6d. each. Oilskin Overall Leggings. Es. pair. hither above carriage paid.—H. J. GABEON, Govern- ment Contractor, Rye.

S-- COTCH SHODTBnItA.D.—Ness's fmm amous home-made ficot-Ai Pbortbread, as made In this establishment for over three-quaLters of a century. No festive table Is complete without our shrztbread. Testimonials and repeat orders from all pert. of the world. Order sample tin. DO IT NOW. In tine, mew paid, 23., 23. 101., 46., ts , 71. 6.1.- IHultAB fixes. High at , Artroath, Scotland.

el BRUINS Bargain Noweitied—Hound metal photo- -- frames well finished, to Manz or stand ; larger size, ls. 6d. Telescopes, microsdope, and or era-ginss combined, is. Two neat glass and metal double salts, J. Six patent nutcrackers, is. Patent fire-proof spirit cooking laMo, 1 6d. Six doz. assorted Buflbdo Hors Button., 1.. Carrizoe paid, Satist,,ction garranteed.—ETZlXEß, 20, Litshopsgate Street Without. London, ILO.

Us HINT APRONS—Beautiful designs, shaped band, deep frill, 5 for la. 6c1., 6 for 2s 91. ; cash with order ; carriage . paid.—BooTir, Manufacturer, 19, Cwanon it.. Manchester.

A RR YOU A MASON P-Six Coloured Masonic Postcards. .ti. The initAation, Riding the Li oat, lieocialog P6Bl- - Masons at Work, Grand Lodge in Session. Masonic Harmony; send to N our Masonic friends; 7d. the set. post free.—WALLaoree, 95a, West Derby rd., Liverpool.

rilo FAL Ai EIRS.--SPLBSDID 1.02 OF RING BDWARD 1. VII. POTATUR3 seed size for sale, grown by ourse.aes from Scotch Seed last (meson, also scotch grown up.to-dates, monarchs, and other varieties at reasonable prlces.—Apply JAMES MARTI...UM LTD.. Seed Potato CI rowers, Borszough Bridge, Lancashire.

NVHY PAY MORS when you can nbtain an article for 4s. equal in appearance and Wear to that coning £4 41 Lady's handsome GOLO-OARID CURB BRACHIUM highly flelehed with PADLOCK AND daNIITY OHAlN,warranted to wear 10 years. A targaln you ought not to miss, satiafac- tion guaranteed. Ffilis to every purchater we present absolutely 7RkI a bmutiful ladles Clem Ring or gents Signet Ring. Write at oaoe as this offer is open for a short time only. COUNTY TRADING CO., 63, CITY LID., LONDON, E.C.

BOOT Basins.' for BOP, same family f.,0 years. Eatts- factory reasons.-108. HIGH ST , slougb. PROPERTY and BUSINIMBS BOLD privately by RIMIELTOX 00. 29 Corporation st..Manobester. Pattner- ships arranged. Terms moderate.

I(SMEIL ta UY.—Clay Toicco Pipe Bam riu and Premises to Let or Sell • given up through sickness. —Apply WILLIAM C08)33. daohlne Maker, Low Bridge Machine Works, lieighley.

FOLISALH, Hal IBM. STORM dc TIMPBRAtiaIt BAR with btLltarl. attached; tl.,be sold cheap owing to leaving the elletticb.—Addresa 365, 717..DiSLIflt BD., Llineford, Atherton.

ONEY.—Gentleman arranges loans on Bills of Sale 1 without removal; Furniture, Jewellery and plate ; 4.5,000 to advanee.—ANOOTT 4t Co.. 91, Eihafteibury Avenue. London, W. Distance immaterial.

CASH ACCOMMODATION 210 TO 1 000 1 • INTHEIHST 2.13. 6D. IN THR E FOR AGREED PBRIOD. W. JACKSON, 36, CROBVIRLD ST.. WARRINGTON. SP4(' 'IAL REDUCED _RATES FOE THE HOLIDAYS. £5 TO £5OO. Have the hard times affected you? Are you back with your rent, or rates? Do you owe the Doctor, Eirooa or any other bills. WHY WORRY. Let, me advance the money to pay off all threw worrisome bills, let me help you to get a fresh start. Your credit Is good with me, you will be surprised to find bow easy it Is to borrow money, and bow easy to repay the loan. INTIDDraT LOW AND 101PAYMIINT EASY. No matter what rates others advertise, or what rates NOU are now paying. or bare paid any other ofilce, I will make you a loan at a lower rate of interest and repayment. NO MISREPRESENTATION. Even If you owe at another loan oillue call and sea me, It will certainly pay you to transfer your business to me. Call or write to the Aotual Leader. J. LORD, 2. THYNSII STIII3IST, off Parker street (near Bank Quay Station),WARBINGTON

WIDNES. £5, .E 7 £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. ' MEN, BARIUM, WORKINGIURN, and all Respect, Cie Householders, on their own aecurity, without delay. cc our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLN DRALIN4S. , M. cOliV. VICTORIA OHAMBBRS. WIDNEI9. FOOT OS TR& ORSTRAL STATION. MAN./GER JOHN R. GOODWIN. , N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Rvening at their own Homes.

NO FBES I NO FINRS! ! NO PUBLICITY I! I D 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY, in arm/ STRIOTBST PRIVACY to all respectable Houe.holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit. without sureties or bondsmen, '• on simple promissory mete only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to Tilt CIII3BIIIIIII ADVANCR CO., 25, Cairo it., Sankey it., Warrington ; also at 10, Greenwood it., Altrincham. Head Office, 329, Waterloo rd., Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

f 3 TO AN Y PERSON married of single WORTHY OF CREDIT can have money on note of hand only ON TERM 3 at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan without the usual loan office COMPETITION. routine and without fees. Our Motto I. straightforward Lancashire dealings. Loans can be paid as follows or otherwlsa. £3 loan Is. weekly £lO loan 21. 6d. weekly £5 „ li. 6d. „ £23 ~ 61. ~ Es. .L5O 121. 6d. „ The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and increased. Call or write MAURICE Cs Co., Miss C. corrEHILL (Maxxossmis), 31, CAIRO STREET, WAkRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVAOY GUARANTEED.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATB STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY ROTH DAETIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANOSS should note the advantages offered, vie.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST OHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THU SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THII BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED ISIANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTRYITION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent eases a Representative alll call personally upon appucauts awl complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealiug and reasonable charges are widely known land my reputatiota stands unrivalled

TO .£5,000 LENT DAILY LOWRST INTFIRiIiT IN RNGLAND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 loan, Rep Ly 108. weekly £lO „ , 48. „ £3) „ „ 12i. „ £l5 .. Be. .. £5O „ „ 208. ~ £23 „ „ Bs. „ £lOO „ „ 35g. „ No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attentlou Applicants from this district. bIIiTROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO.,* 219, BRUNSWICK Sr., ()MORD RD., biIA.NORIHTRR and at 19, WITION Sr., (over Bralbley's Clothing Shop), 51ORTHWICH, 65 1101,RSTON RD. (corner of Ckmm St.), CIIRWH, 8. TltieNTlisLSl ST.. RUNCORN.

11414118T11.—COTTACIRS, 26. Ed., and 2s. 64., per week. MILL BYPHHT, OFFiol39,groned door. Alio upper ro,me. Z 5, CATHARINH STRUM', rent 4r. 31. uer Week. GOOD SHOP end DWHLLING HOIT, 67, Winwick oad, rent 811. 6. a week clear. Apply flOagai Low, Sitate Agent,No. I Bank-street War tlneton. Tel.phone—No 55. TO MIT, ROUSH. Leigh Vdla., Knut.f,r3 rd.; rent £L6. .—apcly ALDRED Leigh Villai, Grapromhall.

/Alf SAL% light LUBRY and Two-wheel DRAY, about 8} kl cwt. eaoh; Two Business Traps and Gig, .it 14 to 16 hands ;&l In good condition ; cheep. —Apply W userAximr, Wheelwright. &a., Hall Green, Upholktud.

CYOI.III3.—BARGAIN ; Lady's and Gent's Cycles for Bale no me to owner : just as new, not ridden ; 2 Coventry high-grvde machines, free wheelr, 2 brakes, plated rims, and all parts beautifully plated, lamp and bell, all with cycle; will tend on approval before oath sent ; magnificent bargain and worth double ; will ,all either £3 10s. cash.—Apply Tog HIIMPHRIN9. bhirley, Ellenborough Park rd., Weaton- super-Mare.

TllBll3. For sale, 10,003 stont, well-rooted byeamlres Planet, and Chestnuts, for Town or Villa planting, 8 to 10. 10 to 12, and 12 to 14 leer, hat free.—MATaasoied BURSERIM, Idorpetb.

(lOLD MaD&L WM.—Strong, healthy, well-rooted plants of all classes ; Standards, Bushes and Climbers; also Fruit Trees. blarubs, de I trained Fruit Trees are especially good this year. Fend for catalogue.—W)l, Lowe, Rose Nurseries. Be-stn, :gotta.

SllUOrCti eND POTA.TOHS•—Sow booking for preseet or Spring delivery and gnaranteed free from Black Scab. the famed Dalhousie', also Up-to-dates, King Ke'wards, Table Talk, Laneworthys. and ell the leading varieties.— Address Ynask JAPP, Keeton, Lanreneekirk, Scotland, and Oration, near Preston.

- DLIR hay Harness HOSSISS, 15 3 hands, good station. 8 1 and? years, reliable all round ; also asy Harneas Mare, undooked, beautiful quality, 16 hands, rising 5, well broken; —GFORGE GII4I(DAGS, The Grange. Thelwall.

OFFICE FOR PATENTS 4. ST. ANN'S 13QUARS. MANCHE/UR. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHASTBRI3D PATTINT AC/TINTS. BSTABLDDIDD IN 1835. EITILF-HTILP TO NSW PATIINT LAW. Patin 6D. COLONIAL AND POSITION PATE/NT LAWS. PRICE 18

L'Oft BALE.—AII those THEISK SHOPS situate In r Wlnwick it., Warrington. and numbered 37, 39, and 41. at present in the occupation of Mrs. Sttrrup and Mr. Brooklehurst, together with buildings and stables In the rear. (boss annual rental 2175 125., suirjeot to an annual chief rent of £23 lls. &I.—Apply S. Own's, &tate Agent. Widnes

I.5Ta AftimNUL' ALE IS); Jl'42Ls. DIAMONDS. I) INGB, DR&olt,R r,s 11AM0NDS. I.4INGS, .L9RAOI3LEII3. "DROOOEBS, .1-.11100011148, /sc. D AVIES'S INCLUDING A Portion of (Messrs. lippmann, Ginsberg. D &VIES'S Hatton Garden. London) the loose Diamond Stock, amounting to 2750, just mounted D AVIBS'S into Rings. Brooches, and Bracelets, offering every buyer 10s. to Us. In the E. 10/- TO 12/- Bgax 2 REDUCTION. Our Windows are ablaze with Suitable Xmas Gifts. MUCH UNDER OUR NOTED POPULAR PRICES. CATALOGUE PEER. (Via OcldarSeran) 30, LOW HILL, L'POOL. RAILWAY ALLOWANCES UP TO 130 MILES. Do LADY'S RING. 224/10/-L LATEST 45,7 j Smr.4ol 5L,AwRhEttEe lustrous stones, band pierced, and osrved 18ct. gold and platinum mount, safely setting. Will advance 2.24. APPROVAL. £3O LAR" DIAMOND lIALF-1100P. ,Ellll7l-14 DRatnan" aliLavN_ABoupP"pnorrr`whlll round, beautifully-cut, matchless !lustre, Heavy 184. Gold Claw Setting, remounted, 11 guineas advance. APPROVAL. £35 LADY'S CORONET' DIAMOND RING 216/10/-PiavreowE rut 11/3./ptdffrninD‘l aeltlac(46l D stone, 3,in no gold showing; strong, pure white, brilliant Diamonds, 18431. Gold. Advance £l5, £l2 DIAMOND TTALF-HOOP. g6/19/- td PcA U FBUarir, iSATLO4IOE. perfectDIAMOND matchlessVT white Brazi law, stylish claw setting, in 18cr. gold. Our written gusrantee • highly recommended. Will advance £6 64. ON APPEOVIL.-DA.VIRS'S. 50. LOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. £8 DIAMOND 111 ALF-1:100P. 23/191- VARLV-?ioolrAeleaErwirstßroLußs. perfect round stones, every stone fLishing tire. 18.0 t. heavy claw setting. SENT ON APPROVAL. Stored free. AIVaRCe £3 7s. Si. any time.-DAVIRS'S. 60. LOW hILL LIVERPOOL. MISCELLANEOUS BARGAINS. Usual Davles's Price, IN SOLID GOLD ONLY. Trier. Ti.. NECKLET, soldi gold, diamond cut links 100, 63. 21s. SIGNET, plain top, solid all through 9s. 63. 18s. BROOCH, real diamond centre 7O. Si. 455, PIN, fine white diamond, 15 carat 25/. LOCKET, heavy oval. Hall-marked £6 WATCH. Russell and Son, with bow brooch 46.. Id. £3 SIGNET, Gent's Solid Heavy 1801. plain £lO BRACELET,RusseII's Lever Watchcombined£4 10s. Od. £2 PIN. 14 Diamonds and Ruby. as Cluster 14s. 63. £5 SNARE, 18ct. Ring, heavy Gent's, Ruby in bead £2 10e. Od. £7 DIAMOND PIN and STUD £B 10s. 03. £3 BANGLE King, Gent's. Solid tact., wide.- 555. Od. £2O SCARF SLIDB,vew largeßrazilian unTie- stone, largest atone in the world. 16ct. Gold (advance £4 IN. /my time) £4 19s. Od. els BROOOI3, 3 diamonds, oh 1801. bar, knife edge £6 18s. Od. £4 SCARF SLIDE, 5 large diamonds. ',lid gold £l 9s. 64. £l4 PIN-STUD, large flawless diamond, 16ct E 5 18s. Qd. £9 BROOCH," Unique," 11 diamondo,stylish, lo carat £3 10s. 03. £lO EARRINGS. claw-set,white dlemonds £5 18s. Od. £6 WATCH BRACELET, self-expanding, solid gold.. £l2 DIAEOMD BRACELET -SUPERB2S/18/- wrought, decorations in HEAVY 15-CARAT HALL- MARKED, every stone warranted of the finest MATCH- LESS WHITE QUALITY DIAMONDS, Advance £5 any time. Approval anywhere. without deposit. Choice present. larg: Ealal:NT RILIGet CLAW SET STYLISH HALF-HOOPS. DIAMONDS and Sapphires, Lustrous SALE PRICE. 7 -Stone, neat claw-set. USUALLY 12/6 £2 10s. 22/6

Loriama. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELF LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. Howls CONTORTS, OLMAELINESS AID QUIET: OBETEAL FOE BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SUUDIPORT MODERN SCEIOOL.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science. and Com- mercial Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics, lladet Co npany. Staff Includes WA., ILdo., F.0.Y., °Meter d' academie, etc. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus Lon, HELDMASTHR

R.Milusate7ollrSgTein tWe t la L Mti 4Cet: o Prat: 013Ghr” reCtf . PIANO, ORGAN, THEOEY, HARMONY. COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL PORK. Upwards ot 100 Oertilloates ane Prizes gained by pupils. large three-manual organ tot pupils praotioe.—For tarms ;appzy 134, LOVELY Latch and LEGE ST., WittriflatOG

rfillACHßfkl Book-kneptng. Oommer- 1. Arithmetic, Post °flee, nanitary Institute. Prom 7s. per guatter.3II:CRISTARY, Thorough Correspondence Co!INe, lialeeowen, Birsainghnm.

rpWENTY•TWO GUIS BA3 YE&RLY (tilris).—Board, 1 laundress, English, French. boakkteging, shorthand, typewriting, sewing, music. drilling. Extensive new premises, enlarged 1907. Electric light. Classrooms, gymnasium, liarary. 111u4trate1 prospectus.—PaniciPar, Pengwern College, Cheltenham.

y ADla PRAOTIOA.L TRA IN IR% P aft M Pupils _L/I received for thorough instruction in all branches of farm life suitable to women, inoludlng butter-making, soft obeese making, care of and Drooling sal resring of cattle, pigs, poultry, vegetables. firieulturai, bet-farming, ,to., &a. Snientiflo classes for small holdiugs and how to manage ,me. Under personal supervision.—Apply for terms, /to., in the first Instance to Mrs. DUIIIIDIIt Dorms, Springhall Training Ramo, Sawbrldgeworth, Herts.

Zig Opaintiter *erfes THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER a published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Wlnwick. Padgate, Lymm, &a., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper cons- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in booth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. FUME RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday I. morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the test and cheapestt facilities to 'Advertisers. T" WIDNES EXAMINERG published every eaturday morning. Widnea contain. the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. gigs BIaftLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Elaydook. Lowton &a. The district thus comprised is almost important part of the Lancashire coal pHs ST. HELENS BRASH Need. pnblished ever 1 Saturday morning ,circulating In St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, Act.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pEtEPAID A DYERTI6EitENTe APARTMENTS WANTED, HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MIJOBLLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES POUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Os. fid. ... Is. bd. ... 21. Od. 31. Bd. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... ls. 101. 38. Od, ... ss. Od. 38 ... Is. Od. ... 2a. 6d. ... 4s. Od, 6s. Od. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. 15. 6s. Od. Is. Od. 64 ... Is. 65. .„ 3s. Bd. ... Be. 05. 101. Od.

THE EXAMINER. DECEMBER 24tb. 1908.

WE CORDIALLY WISH ALL OUR READER S A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR.

Local Curacy. At the Palace, Liverpool, on Tuesday, the Bishop licensed the Rev. Jas. Harold Garnett, M.A., to a curacy at St. Peter's, Warrington. Motor Car on Fire. A motor car on its way from Manchester caught fire while some repairs were being made to it on tlie road near Holy Hedge Farm, Action Grange, on Sunday and soon became a total wreck. It had been occupied by two gentlemen but fortunate they escaped uninjured. Bewsey.road Wesley Guild. The members of this guild have again set a worthy example this Christmas by giving the proceeds of their carol-singing to a treat for poor children. Last year over £ll was raised in this manner, and 800 children were entertained to a good meal. The weekly meeting of the Guild was discontinued on Monday,and between twenty and thirty members visited the members of the congregation at their homes and rendered excellent music. Warrington Women's Circle. Mrs. James Smethurst presided at the Circle on Sunday. The Service of song " Those Merry Bells " was given by the girls' choir. Mrs. Peart's solos. " The (Alf t ' and " The Gentle Shepherd " met with hearty applause. Duets by Misses Bather and Burney were also appreciated. On Monday evening the pro- gramme was repeated at Bank Quay Mission, with the addition of a solo by Miss L. Plinston. The reading was given by the Rev. R. E. Letheren. PUBLIC BaxEFIT.—IISIDER Mt CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASIIIRE.—At. Musical Successes. Miss I. Lee and Miss H. Westeott, pupils of Mr. W. H. Payton, Mae. Bac., have been successful in passing the senior examination (pianoforte)of Trinity College, , London, recently held in Liverp At the recent examinations held in Liverpool under the auspices of the London College of Music, Miss Amelia Oakley, of Welfield-street, was successful in obtaining the Associate Diploma (A L C.M.) Dr. Roland Rogers, lorganist of Bangor Cathedral, conducted the test. Another successful evangelistic' service was held in the Bold-street Wegleyan schoolroom on Sunday evening, and was presided over by Mr. C. J. Brockle- hurst. The devotional exercises were led by Mr. Dean, after which a solo entitled "Behold me standing at the door " was rendered by Miss Whitmore. An address was given by Mr. E. S. Wood on" The silent building of the temple of character " taken from the silence which prevailed during the erection of Solomon's temple. Mr. Brocklehurst followed with a few remarks in the same line of ttought. Mr. Hamblett also took part in the service. LINSEED COMPOUND 'for Coughs and Colds. Of proven efficacy. 90. & is. lid. Of Chemists only.—Advt. Wiredrawers' Dinner. Tho annual audit dinner arranged by the committee of the Warrington district of the Amalgamated Wire- drawers' Society, was held at the headquarters, the Blue Lion Hotel, on Friday night, when members and friends to the number of thirty sat down to an excellent repast served by Host and Hostess Lake, Mr. W. Haigh presided, and after the dinner the company enjoyed a musical evening, songs being rendered by Messrs. Young, T. Wright, A. Owen, H. Whitfield, N. Cook, E. Eden, J. Elliot, J. Ashton, R. Bennion, J. Lightfoot, while recitations were given by Mr. .Cornelius Furness. Mr W. Birch was the accompanist. The health of the host and hostess was drunk on the proposition of Mr. J. Wrench, seconded by Mr. J. Lightfoot, and that of the visitors on the proposition of Mr. A Owen, seconded by Mr. Wrench. For the visitors Mr. 11. Pooiey responded. The health of the Chairman was also drunk on the proposition of Mr. Wrench, seconded by Mr. Furness. Pyritic BENSFIT.—IINDER TRH CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCISHIRE.—Advt. Magistrate and Music Licences. Applications were made at the Borough Police Court, on Monday, by Robert Perdae, Higher Angel Hotel ; Agnes Potter, King's Arms ; George East- wood ; Crown and Sceptre ; and John McClinton , Royal Oak, for 11 days' music licences, to cover the Christmas and New Year holidays. Asked for his view the Chief Constable said that all lie could say was that the music would increase the takings of the lioencees. There had nit been any campla.ints in previous years, and he could not say that he had any objection to the application.—Mr. W. Roberts said his objection was to the large number of young people who were attracted to the public-houses during holi- day times, and it did not tend to promote sobriety.— Mr. Perdue :—I object to that remark. We do not encourage young people to come to our houses.—Mr. Roberts: I did not say you did.—Mr. Perdue : Welt, you had no right to say that. —The licences were granted. LINSEED COMPOUND 'for Coughs and Colds. Oft proven efficacy. Of Chemists only. *1.,15.1id.,25.9d.-Adv Army Boxing. Representatives of the Boxing Club at Orford Barracks was well to the fore in a contest at Preston Barracks on Friday night. In the 9-stone contest Private Ainsworth, Lancashire Fusiliers, beat Private Clarks, Bth King's ; Private Watts, L.N. Lancs.' beat Private Malone, Bth King's; Private Collins, South Lanes., beat Private Wharton, Lancs. Fusiliers ; and Private Finch, East Lancs., beat Private Lloyd, L.N. Lancs. In the semi-final Watts beat Ainsworth, aad Collins defeated Finch. In the find Collins, the Warrington representative,was proclaimed the winner. In the competition under 10-stone Private Dixon, South-Lancs., was beaten by Private Waite. and Corporal McDowell,the Kings,Warrington,beat Private Fuller,Lanc. Fusiters. A six-round contest for a purse between Private Brennan, South Lancs., Warrington, and Private Caffery, L. N. Lancs., resulted in a win for a latter by a rather lucky knock-out. BRASS AND COPPER HEARTH. SUITES, See window display for new and artistic patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Rev. F. Vaughan Receives a Call The congregation of Ernmannuel Church were much gratified on Sunday last by an announcement made at the close of the evening service by the incumbent the Rey. Frank Vaughan. Amongst other things Mr. Vaughan referred to the fact that two years ago, he had received a unanimous invitation to become the I minister of an important London Church, which at that time he had felt it was not the will of God that he should accept. As many of the people knew that within the last few weeks he had had other shrill% r calls and possibly they would be wondering what would be the outcome of them, he made no apology for announcing his decision at a public service as by that way he would reach a larger number of his congregation than he would at a business meeting. He wanted to let them know that after carefully and prayerfully considering the matter be had come to the conclusion that his work lay here at Emmanuel Church. He thanked the people for their interest and co-opera- tion in the past, and he was anxious to win and hold the confidence and affection of his congregation. He wanted to be their " brother in Christ" to share their troubles and take part in their joys. He hoped they would gather closer together in the future and then if their church was not a full one (and he would like to see it filled) it might be one the atmosphere of which made them nobler and freer and warm in the love of God. LINSEED COMPOUND' (Aniseed, Senega, Squill itc.), for Coughs. Of Chemists only.—Advt. Lamp Breakers Punished. Two youths, William Archer, 33, Hoyle-street, and Stanley Gardener, 14, Catherine-street, were charged at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, with break- ing three panes of glass in a gas lamp in Lodge-lane, the property of the Warrington 'Corporation. Gardner pleaded not guilty and Archer guilty. —The deputy town clerk (Mr. A. T. Halloway) prosecuted on behalf of the Corporation, and stated that on December 14th, Dr. Markel's chauffeur, was cleaning a carriage in the yard when his attention was drawn to the breaking of glass. He went outside and he there saw the two defendants shooting at the gas lamp with catapalta. He gave information to the police, and Mr. Hallos:my ' asked the magistrates if the-6ase was proved to impose a severe penalty. —Frederick Charles Towinby was called and said he saw the defendants shooting at the lamp with catapults.—Police-Constable Cooper stated that he received information by telephone and proceeded to the spot and took the names and addresses of the two defendants.—Mr. Howard, assistant secre- tary of the gas department, said it would coat 43. 7d. ,to replace the glass and mantle. It cast 000 per year to replace breakages of this kind. Since September they had. hid 603 panes of glass broken, iii this manner, and warnings had been issued —The chairman (Mr. Roberts) said the amount of the damage would have to be paid by the ratepayers of the town and he was going to make an example of the defend- ants. Archer who pleaded guilty, would he fined 103. 6:1., and Gardener, who pleaded not guilty, would be fined 14s. 61, or 7 days' each in default. If the defendants came before the magistrates again, they would be more severely dealt with. COAGGLINE,' ' KTANX' 'MASI-UNE.' Cements for mending all things.—Advt.

CHILDREN t SLEEP WELL o when they are healthy and their food is doing its proper work. # THE BEST FOOD IS Neave7s Food which for more than 8o years has [ helped to preserve and build up the young life of the Country. When prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and assimilated by the most delicate Infant and forms A COMPLETE DIET.

FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES CHIVERS'

Tyra Femmy DOCTOR. SAYS We have nothing but unqualified praise, for they are Absolutely Pure and free from adulteration." CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM FACTORY.

P OSTAL AND SAVINLS BANK REGULATIONS --a— For further particulars see " Post Office Guide," at any Post Office. POSTAGE STAMPS. Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny . stamps are now on sale at each post office. Price 2s. INLAND CORRESPONDENCE. The term " Inland Correspondence" means cor- respondence posted within the United Kingdom, including the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands. "Inland Correspondence " is divided into the following classes : (a) Letters (d) Newspapers (b) Postcards (e) Parcels (c) Halfpenny packets Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trans- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size. LETTER POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... ld. For every additionai 2 0z5.... 3d. A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a letter insufficiently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one foot in depth. POST-CARDS. The prepaid rate of postage on every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 53 inches in length by 33 incises in width, or be less than 31 inches in length by 21 inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and I-inch wide) bearing the address may now be affixed to the address side of card. If any of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. HALFPENNY PACKET POST. The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 20z. in weight. Printed matter, &c., not in the nature of a letter, may be transmitted by this method. NEWSPAPER POST. The prepaid rate of postage on a registered news- paper, including any supplement thereto, whether ' ported singly or with others is J. Newspapers not registered at the General Post Office are treated in the post like any other printed matter. PARCEL POST. The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: For aparcel ... not exceeding 1 lb. 0 3 f exceeding 1 lb. f f 2 lb. 0 4 f f t 2 lb. 3 lb. 0 5 „ 3 lb. 5 lb. 0 6 If 5 lb. ft' 7 lb. 0 7 „ 7 lb. ft 8 lb. 0 8 „ 8 lb. ft 9 lb. 0 9 „ 9 lb. PI 10 lb. 010 9, 10 lb. " 11. lb. 011 No parcel may exceed 111 b. in weight. The size allowed for an inland parcel is : Greatest length... ... 3 ft. 6 in. Greatest length and firth combined 6 ft. 0 in. For example—A parcel measuring 3fh ein. in its longest dimensions as much as 2ft. Gin, round its thickest part ; a short parcel may be thicker ; thus, if it measure no more than Mt. in length, it may measure as much as Mt. round its thickest part. The postage on a parcel must be prepaid. Mark each parcel " Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postage are in order before leaving. PARCELS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL). Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similer to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The customs charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must be prepaid. MONEY ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issue a single money order for more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a Id. can be contnined in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 2d. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, 4d.; £2O, 15. ; £3O, Bd. ; £4O, 10d. By paying an additional 2d7and cost of the telegram of advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND CoLoNIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order may be issued for places abroad varies in each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ; £2, 6d. ; and above that, 3d. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A fee of 6d. in addition to the ordicary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS. These are obtainable at any money order office in the United Kingdom, and possess the advantage over money orders that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed, they can be paid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by 6d., from 6d. to £1 Is. The poundage fees are :-3(1. up to 2s. 6d. ; Id. up to 155.; 1)d. les ta 91s. Before nartine with e peelel esder, always fill in the name of the person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is numbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should be retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- master-General will entertain no further claim after an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to make up odd stuns. TELEGRAMS (INLAND). The Postmaster-General possesses,almost entirely, the privilege of transmitting,collecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the Uhited Kingdom. The charge for a telegram is is minimum amount of 6d., which covers 12 words, and an additional Id. for each extra word. This charge includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a sub-office then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made from the office door. All charges are, as far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, but sender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five 'figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated on payment of half the original charge, which extra payment is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or handed to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost of registering an abbrevi- ated address, which must consist of two words, is Lila. TELEGRAMS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL) Must bo written on special forms and are accepted in the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANE. These are established at all money order offices. In ordinary cases the annual deposit must not exceed £3O, no) the total amount £2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children under seven years of age cannot he withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is Is., rind this may take the form of 12 penny stamps affixed to a special form. Each depositor receives a bank book in which the ernount of each deposit - • should be entered at the time of paying in. If the deposit is £1 or over. a special acknowledgment is sent from the head London office. Interest is allowed at the rate of 2S per cent. Any amount tip to and including £1 may be withdrawn without previous notice, on presenting a bank book. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Hank Department for purposes of checking nneadding interest. The withdrawal of money can bee xpedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of telegra ms. P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK LINE CHARGES. The fees for the use of the Trunk lines are as follows:— For 23 miles or under ... e Co PP ••• ••• ••• 75 „ f „ 100 „ „ every additional 10 miles or fraction thereof... 6d. Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m., six minutes conversetion is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced chargesis made for three minute calls.

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPTON'S TEA. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD Local Branch :—WARRINGTON, BRIDGE ST

PARLIAMENTARY DIVISIONS. Local Members' Records. The members of tho House of Commons finished the protracted session of 1908 on Monday, when Parliament was formally prorogued. Since the house sat on January 29th there have been no fewer than 463 divisions. The autumn session has been unusually prolific in this respect, for since October the house has divided on 223 occasions. The total number of divisions for the year, though large, is by no means a record ; in fact, last year the totaLexceeded the present figures by three, and a long way has to be climbed to reach the dizzy heights of 1902, when the legislators tramped through the division lobbies on 618 occasions. The lowest number of divisions on record was in 1895, when only 168 took place in the two sessions. The following is a table showing the number of divisions taken part in by local members : Sir J. T. Brunner, Northwich (L) l6l A. H. Crosfield, Warrington (L) 224 W. J. Crossley, Altrincbam (L) T. Glover, St. Helens (Lab) 354 A. J. King, Knutsford (L) 3ll J. A. Seddon, Lancashire, S.W. (Lab) 304 Colonel W. H. Walker, Widnes (C) O2B S. Walsh,lce (Lab) 298

HORLICK'S MALTED MILK ON POWDER FORM). 4alit'lcieS THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. In lit 1/6 and lib Bottles. MOCK BUCKS.) Nourishes—Bullds up—Strengthens.

Footballs Given yi ee klaway.y . Fcr the SIX BEST STORIES or JOKES written on Postcards received by us each week. Would you Ike Jne 7 If you don't ton a football, you unll at lettst receive a stt tunic of MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE. , Address Postcard to-dat : NEWISALL R. MASON, NOTTINGHAV. . , ss' "OW Sandow " Cashmere Socks. Made on our new Graduated Principle. 3 threads in leg, 3 threads heel and toe. No seams! No shrinking ! No darning! I Price, 11- per pair :11/9 half dozen. GiVtt size boot worn. Ladies' stockings as ..,:. above. Ribbed Cr plain, 1/9t, post Id. a , 1.. Per pair extra. Sole Makers— is Heywood it Lyle, London, N.

'.eee Cain 2 REST Pia* colsmelit 361.1F1L1Z1-0” Wall% BRONCHITIS, CROUP & WHOOPING CONN. POSTME IA - &TAY. FOR Cf?EE SAMM-P, NICHOLAS LeDAIN, CHLHIST, EHOLNOTOM. eirtgailtaX Daani

BDIRECT FROM MANUFACTURER. oots s u pfippl plied alloy Gropr.oPostmßoeyns..: 611 s. Men's,St. Also Nand-Sewn Arras; Boots, as supplied to R.A.C.D., 8 9; Men's Strong Kip Derbys, Scrcwzd and Stitched, 9.6. Cash with Order. St. CRISPIN CO-OPERATIVE PRODUCTIVE SOCIETY, LTD., RAUNDS, WELLINGBOROUGH.

, . . . . A 0 VARANTEZD aIIOrTNE and 1142 V A.UNIQUE .1,1• Lightning Calculating Manhine , . ~ ~ ~. that can accurately Addend Snbtract CALCULATO English and YoreignMonlea,Weightt, dleaaurel and Other Calculations , _... , R, Light end.durAble. Cannot err. Iti; PRICE . ~ ...,.' Vivo Quahttes ere Cheapen's, Dura- - ~,, , ~,, S H b lay, Simplicity, Time rtd Drain .. r , ~ Stoat. undreds of Testimonials. 1 0 6 -.. .De not the that by whom the new is tried, poST, cpEE - Nor yet the Drat to out the 011 &side.' G. 3E. 001331D11i CI, 34 Cro.er Road, Liverpool.

THE NEW FRENCH 11.EMEDY. THERAPlONlssuccessfutpo- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, itostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurityof blood, spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischattes, piles, gravel, painsin back, gout,rheumatisrn,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos.l, 2& 3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stockßoad,liampstead,Londou,&principal Chemists.

LADIES' and CHILDREN'S HAIR can be preserved, beautified, and enriched for years by using RowLAND 9 S MAGASSAR OIL which prevents baldness and scurf, and strengthens and restores the hair; also In a Golden Colour for fair or grey hair. Sizes. 3,6, 7/-,10,6. Sold by Stores, Chemists, aril A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton, Carden. London.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE ofGOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! H.M.S. Leander, Davenport, A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS 1 November 30tb, 1907. 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. Dear Sir.—During the past six months we have October Bth, 1906. had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and 1 Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you whilst hoisting in and out ocean tugs, copper punts of the great benefit I that have received from your and other small crafts I contracted several chills Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have been a great one after the other, which finally settled in my legs sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of have recommended your pills to all I have come a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. into contact with, and shall always speak very I was placed on the sick list and given the usual highly of them. lam naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN .your advertisement, I determined to try your famous Gout Pills, and after taking a few doses THE HOUSE. they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared You can make what use you like of this state- and my legs are as strong as ever again. ment, which is strictly true. Yours Respectfully, Yours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, G. SWACKENLIAMME, Q.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or Sold everywhere in bottle Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, Proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London GEORGE EADE, 232, Goa well road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

THERE IS NO DOUBT that it is the "live" man who "gets there." The man who never flags and is ever on the qui vive. He is perennially alert and eager—and looks it Why is he cheery, so confident? Is he immune from the every-day little ills that upset others so much? Not at all. Only, he is prompt in regard to himself as he is in his business. He puts his finger on a weakness at once, never letting a headache or any other ache, due to temporarily arrested stomach action have a chance. There is no other way. Attack little ailments at once. A timely use of a 111., 1, • ILLS will ILLS will never let them grow. Aches vanish and you keep brisk and up-to-date. That is a business asset. This is something to tell someone else. Everybody more or less suffers from stomach troubles in these strenuous days, and no one can afford to be ill. Indeed, the need for a safe and speedy medicine, to relieve promptly and surely the minor ills that depress the brightest men, is universal. Here is an impressive fact to remember— over six million boxes of BEECHAM'S PILLS are sold every year! That is eloquent testimony that, while the need is great and wide-spread, Beecham's Pills MEET THE PUBLIC NEED.

MERRYWEATRER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to al/ parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

BOOTS! BOOTS! BOOTS! Save nearly 50 0/0 by buying direct from Factory. 0"," • •r:s., AGENTS WANTED Send Stamps. 2d.,j'or tarre latestrateel List and parekulart British Boot Co.,(Dep.B) Portland Bq., Bristol • - •-• DO YOU COUGH e TAKE LOZENGES Tins 13i° . . you WONT COUGH:-

Established 18.52. Telephone : Ca ./Central. BILLIARD AND BAGATELLE TABLES for winter evening& A large stank of new and tont:mi- ll:old Tablet: always on hand. Illnstratot Catalgrue and Monthly List of sooond-hand Tables sent post free George Edwards, 134 ifingsland Road, London. N.ll.

Why are BOOTS made from LEATHER? Because the man is not born yet who can invent a substitute for leather. Gents' 'Wearwell' Boots are guaranteed All Leather. e. d. Box Calf end Tan 816 Per Pair Wiilovr for Winter war Poet Paid. Direct from where wanes-Anted. Made from the very boat leather in !Styles and Shapes to fit the foot. Sena sios usually vrirn, or shop., by rilaciug lost on paper; mark all round ‘rith petted, and PO, jor 8.6 to WEARWELL BROS., Onows Srustr Wouxe, KETTERING, BoaraAcerrox. Makers of Gents' Solid Leather Footwear. If not approved, return boots, we refund money. Bespoke toots a spiciality. Send for self meastirevneat forme.

C.F.S., Carriage Paid, 29/11. 1 •11. ......- i=at 1.....' ' filriffiftV*o ii 0 TX. -.IF-,. }lea" No. 51 lull Elise . 41 2 Inch Pillars. l e' Feather Bed, Bolster, and 2 Pillars, 29:11; Purified WOOl Mattrese, 1531; Wire Mattres., Raised tSides, Cable Edge, 3 Piy, 12/11. Send for Catalogues. COO Illustrations of Furniture, Carpets, More. Mats, Blinds, Cornice Poles, Arc- Direct from the Manu- facturers. Cash only. CHAPMAN'S FURNISHING STORES, Stapleton Road, Bristol.

BURGLARY SEASON C 0. OMMENCIN" Poet „ • zoVesli - f Irl3ee IF` minrk . •-• .•1•6 - - c each Thelnvincible Window Lock. Protect your windows by using the only WINDOW LOCK ever invented which i BURGLAR PROW/. Cannot be forced in any way, nor cut. DON'T WORRY! It locks itself. Can te fitted in 15 minutee. Ono or two to each window error& sb”lute Fecu rity. KORB'S, 18 Bloom Park Rd., Fulham, London.

FROM WAREHOUSE TO WEARER—DIRECT. Long Coat splendid quality stripe frieze double-breaated front, swing back with belt, shaped gauntlet cuffs, hip pockets and tab, vent at beck, siz•s, slender, small, full, and outsize women's, lengths SO, 52, 54,56 A; fit 3 ins. Colour light brown, moss green, royal an d navy blue. lify special price for this 1n / post sound, hardweariug Paletot is .11-%sij free Dress Skirt, very smart,seven goredVicuna Cloth; overlaid seams; inverted pleat atback ; rows of stitching at foot; trimmed buttons of same material. In black, navy, brown, royal, & green. Also in Tweeds in mid k dark green and brown mixtures. Lengths 36, 38. 40, 44 ins.; waists 23 to 27 ins. A corn. gla post bination of quality, style & value. VI free Rust-unman that money is returned in full if goods are not approved. Orders for these garments will be executed in strict rotation. McDONALD'S Regent St.; WAREHOUSE. Rugby.
