===== 0002601_19080307_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, 28, SANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON.

WITH A MINI SULVOTION OF OIL PAINTINGS, WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS, PRINTS, &c.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL THE LATB3T DESIGNS IN

PICTURE FRAMES, MOULDINGS, STUDIES AND ARTIST'S MATERIALS.

AGENT FOR 'I HE GLOBE (ITIRNICKE SECTIONAL BOOKCASE.

J. GREGORY,

CARVER AND GILDNIt.

BAp rts-r CHURCH, cOLBORN te. STREET 10ORR -SIOW, (SUNDAY), MARCH BTM. Rev. R. E. LETlltitl46l% Monirtite 10.45. " Treaeure in Earthen Vessel." LTD:NINO 6.30. ."I"hers Is lifting up." Wednesday next e hour

POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST. SCHOOLROOM. TO-RIGHT, SATURDAY AT 7.30. AIITTSTFM :—Mme II BARNES, KAY ISHERWOOD and B. L. ACKLAND. THE LATCHFORD QUARTETTE PARTY, linuointyr, MI. DAVID SUTTON, Lancashire Entertnin(r. ADMISSION. ORS NINNY. GALLIIRY TWOPENCR.

w ARRINGTON CaURCH. 13' )CIETY.—SPSCIAL •., :. ,• it ADDRBSS TO MEN I'm THE PARISH CHURCH. FRIDAY ABIT, MARCH 6TH. 1908. RKV. CANON ICEMPTVORNE. SUBJECT :—" FACING THE FACTS." . ... . COMMENCE AT a ; OVER AT 9, ALL MEN WARMLY WELCOMED. ALL SEAT FREE. . SPECIAL ADDRBSS TO WOKEN AT 3 O'CLOCK. ),, '

UNIuR LIBERAL ASSOCIATION, MRSTING, MONDAY NEXT, mA.Rou 9ra. iw ORRGORY'S OAFS, BUTTREMARKBT STRUET, AT 7;45. Address by Mr. A. J. MORTON. Subject • " stion sni the Working 01 ."

W LSLEYAN METHODIST' BIBLE CLAES LEAGUE (WLAlHrerrow CIRCUIT). ON THURSDAY NEXT, MARCH 12TEr. THE ELY. E. LLOYD JONES, or MANCHESTER. IN BOLD sTIMET WESLEYAN CEIURCH, WILL LECTURE ON " TFIE NEW THEOLOGY," CHAIRMAN : MR. J. C. HOLLAND (PRESIDENT OF THE LEAGUES). MEETING TO COMMENCE AT 7.45. COLLECTION TO DEFRAY EXPENSES.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST CRURCH, Lmoa ST. WARRINGTON, A SALE OF WORK Pima, az BALD IN THE SCHOOLROOM ON WYDNRSDAY AND THURSDAY NEST, MARCH 11TH AND 12TH. TO RN OPINED ON WiRDNBSDAY AT 3 P.M. Br JAMBS DODDS, Erg., PENKSTH. ALDERMAN W. PIRRPOINT J.P., WILL PRESIDE TO BE ORENRO ON THURSDAY AT 3 P.M. air WILLIAM HICKMAN SPQ. J. GRIFFITHS Ese., WILL PRESIDE. Useful and Fancy "Articles. Concerts de., each evening. Teas end Refreshments provided. •DMISSION First Day One Shilling, Second Day Sixpence After 6 p.m. Threepence. PROCEEDS IN AID OF CIRCUIT FUND.

ROYAL COURT THMATRg, WARRINGTON. MONDAY NEXT. MARCH 9TH, AND DURING THE WEEK. ER. 1, A. CAMPBRI.L'H CODIPANY, IN VII NNW DRA.MA.

"THE OLD FOLKS AT HOME." Time and Prices as U 112,11. Seats may be booked at the Theatre, 11 to 1 Daily and from 8 to 9 p.m.

PARR HALL. WARRINGTON. BATriRD AY NBXT, MARCH 1.4711, GRAND CONCISRT AID OF THE RAILWAY BENEVOLENT INSI tITIITION Ilksder the Patronage or His Worship the Mayor and Mayor ems 14" man and Mrs. James Smethurst), o, ese. ANTIRTES AGNR9 CROXTOR, Soenarro, CHESTER. r, MISS WlNtFßBti DITCHRURN, THE M•NCHERTER CoNCERTI, CONTRALTO. "'zL• JOHN DRAPRR, WARRINGTON, TENOR. MR. G. H. DITOHRURiII. PRllfelear. El &SS AND MASTER OF TE(E CHORISTERS M ANCR ESTER CATHEDRAL. MR. J. H. DTTCHRURN, PRINCIPAL BASS CHESTER CATHEDRAL. 11/14LR• JOHN PHILLIPS, lavERpOoL. HUMORIST. n P. M. DARBY, F.R.C.O. Mum. Pao., ACCOMPANIST. DDttooommenoe7.ls. Doors open 7.15. Carriages RL 10. 11CRETS : Front Seats 21., Centre Gallery Is. St. Side Is., Boar of Hall end Back Gallery 6d. May be 6b4inad at the Central Station or Bank Quay Station.

-VVARRINGTON FQUITARLE INDUSTRIAL CO-OPERATIVB SOOIETI LTD.

EDUCATION COMMITTBS.

UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE Anovz, THT FINAL GRAND CONCERT OF THi SEASON WILL BE GIVEN IN THE • CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY STREET, (IN THURSDAY NEXT, MARCH 12Ta, BY THE WATIRINGTON MALII VOICE PRIZE CHOIR

41418ISTED IT THE FOLLOWING WELL-KNOWN ARTISTES: RoPriaaro Mies MARIE HOUGHTON. CONTRALTOMu HTHEL PARR. TENOR Ar. J. HANNAN. BARITONE Mr. W. CLAY. 13Ass Mr. G• GOUGH. 1431VDIVITALIRT Mr. T. FORD. liTiMonifa Mr. LYNDON WYATT. DOORS OPEN ATI/AB. COMMENCE IT 7.05. ADMISSION FUSS. NO CHILDIRRN ADMITTED.

. WARR' NGTON UN lON.-Th GUARDIANS co" INVITE TENDERS for the supply of 8 DOZEN TREPANRS and 8 DOZRN BLANKETS. samples of -"I(111 Can he seen at the Workbouse. Sealerl quotations ,ndorsed .• Tender for Cqunterpanes and Blankets," to be lent to the Clerk to the Guardians not later than Tueslay. March 17, 1808.

By Order. J. C. BUTTON, Clerk.

WARRINGTON I NFI R MARY RXTRNSION. SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATIL £ a. d. Proceeds of Maronlo Ball held Feb. 18th.., 63 5 9 Cost. of Children of Warrioigtow No. 1 Cot and all fittings, per Juvenile Ball Committee Mr. R. T. Fairclough 3 5 0 Employer ot Messrs. J. Melbourne. Ltd., (third contribution) Mrs. T. Bunch, Folly-lane Amount previously acknowledged £14,8:9 33

£14.890 12 6

W. PETER RYLANDS, Chairman of the Rxt.osion Committee. 1;BORGR nracirg, Hon. Treggror.e.

ARR I NOTON UNION.—TNNDENS._ ,thvy PERSONS WILLING to Contract for the supply of uf the undermentioned articles from Lady Day to w"-^felruss Inv next, to be delivered free of expense at the u"khouse, or Cottage Homo + situated at Padgate such rqt,llf4 and in such quantities as the Guardians or their officers baj,„_l require, are requested to send in tenders to me on or ris Tuesday, 17th March, ISM Ifil4fla4ers are required for t— tfitalAnit and Repairing Clocks (for twelve months) 910e14nd Slack Fish and Ice the. Groceries and Necessaries Coss 3 and Slippers Butchers' Meat Officers Joints Sh 15 and Brushes Flour and Oatmeal leensic ers Necessaries Bread for Cottage Homes Unit" Goods Drapery °fills for Male Officers Wines and Spirits so (for 12 months.) Chimney Sweeping totil)lrafe tenders must be sent for the Workhouse and teenage "nines, and samples of the articles required can be That either institution. tat: set for.h on the tender form, and quotations must be .e for delivery either to the new siding adjoining the rokrbnnee Of by cart. arbio,lna of tender. end instractions to persons tendering, thin " n 1,4 t be strictly compiled with, or any other informa- rineuTkY be obtained from the Master of the Workhouse, tier batin, buperintet,dent or the Cottage Homes respectively, 'tend tin the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. FOrins forwarded upon the receipt of stamped _eri envelope. the T' Duardians co not necessarily bind themselves to accept "est or any tender. By order, JAMES C. SUTTON,

Clerlta:;: the Guardling, ambers, Feb. 28th. 1908.

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL LINF.-TEIM ONLY TIIREME STEAMERS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE yllObt LIVERPOOL TO CANADA. UNSURPASSED ACCOMMODATION, LOWEST PARES. SPECIAL THROUGH RITES TO WESTERN STATES. Aim Direct Services from LONDON and GLASGOW. HandbookialKaps, and all Informatlun FRAIL Apply ALLAN, 19, James Street, Liverpool ; 103 Leadenhall Strtet, 8.0., and 5, Pall Mali, S.W., London; 25, Bothwell Streak Glasgow; or Local Agents.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1a re, ha ry

===== 0002601_19080307_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ng 'ea he

.11e° hy )Ic's

„ter, otle, 1) t° !ore

H

===== 0002601_19080307_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
r4:—' " i a' 1;e re ;I; : 4.: , ,‘:t .1,,,,, ,i. ..,,,, ~ ..." ti i,:-. ( 011+••:.,...-' 1 1,,,......-:, _ :lad i, .4 . 1t.., ~, ~ P.,,,, i .e. 7l-49,,,,,„ ~ re,...: iii • , c„......_... ~, ~.,...,,,,,„ ..,. s 4' , ... , ..s i'', ! 's'), ' I 'A 1 ~ .• ... .l'A Ri'. mf tO 1 . t'4,z,s. S *VV.Z:-,,,,- ./..' ....., ' e ....,,...:. I ~ . 1,..-e;:g. ~ . k „.. I. • , ''. 't '-' \ • ....:." N,4.,,11.-; , ..,. , *}!' • ....4 • )1, ~.. 4 4 C. 't " " 'i •• :.! /' V,P\t, ,Vt.l,\,- \7 , ~,. ~,,/, , v 14., • (~ r ! '' . d',A4 4i ~ 4 / ~e 4 . , .. ,1‘

ONSIPENNY

CHLORODYNE,

CHLORODYNEI

szururtnny, MARCH 7, 1908.

, INFLUENZA.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

COLLIS: INFLUISSZI. DR. J. CHLORODYNE, B,;_:vNefiET:" "most

Invaluable for

COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,

ksTHNIA, NEURALGIA

RRFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTP. 'lhe originnl van be bad of ALL CHEMISTS If you &bow • you are not weak enough to wept an trnitatlon. COLLIS BROWNH 13 THE NAMN ; I le. 10., 26. 4a. 6d.:the:prlcet.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

Used with grsarest success during the great Influenza Npldemlo Tear.

g, ;row }rs. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. pe annum. Is. gd. per Quarter credit.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No libl7

•

===== 0002601_19080307_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
bn attettan.

(IP'll, a bon.

VOOR•KRIIPING taught by CorrmsponelFwe ; ma letnetion StnarantPed.—Partionlars. ARTHUR PARKINSON, F. 8.T.. Seiterforth.

BERRY'A ACM E IMOR, POLIE ING CABINET containing Pure Bristle Brush. Patent Tube of Black or Brown Waterproof Boot Polish (never dries un), and velvet Foliating Pad, post free, Is.—W. BIIRhtY, LTD„ Hisoklug Works, Homer tot, Loudon.

TEETH Rion. of TEETH J. H. PA KINSON ,TEETH MANCIERSTBE. TEETH HATH OPIINIM AT

TEETH 14, SANKEY ST.,

WARRISGTON.'

TEETH AND WILL AIYRNID. TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH TEETH

Branches at

NORTHWICH and WINSPORD. (See Local Papers)

===== 0002601_19080307_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
J. M. GREEMIALGH

& CO., LTD.

138-140 BRIDSE STREET and

SEDDON:PLACE,

WARFIINGTON.

!JUDOS AT UMALNINItti, LIVIMPOOL.—ArrivaI of I. new AT upright iron grand.. sofa at swell warehouses at £3O cash.

eIHALIVIIIIS' CASH p1111.31{ £l5 ..., v., At Chalmers, buyers with £4 to £8 to pay down secure these lovely toned grand. at Cash Price. See you are at Chalmers, as mistake* have occurred to the great loss and disappointment of buyers.

CH A LIVIERS, 3, GREAT GEORGE ST., LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_19080307_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTMMUSBEL 1833.

ar-1 110.9, NJLAREF, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT,

"BEAMINBe " OPIUM 33 MARKAT STRBRT, BARLBSTOWN.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

iffinnep

-- y °AN, advanoed on personal sonority a.one.—dtamp for 1 torrile, do., to J. CAMP, LTD, grorleitOrl.

2/6 mproxeLypriti t.„R°B t p 1.2'5 ' pat.n: R. --A TSL br e B '•PCI,TY. 61, Lord et.. Liverpoll

PRIVATB T,OANS.— repay Able 15s. monthly. lotrger amounts in pro-ortlon. Distance. no object. Forms free.—F. Rirri.sten, Total* rl . Croton.

CASH ACCOMMODATION El@ TO £1,030. I Loan RIO repay 211 53. I•onn £5O repay 255 5.. Loan £2P repay £22 100. Loan gun repay Ella IN. Loan £3O repay £33 15.. L.,an £203 repay W. J A CICSON. 70, PLYMOUTH 13ROYF: MANCHERTO:R, Tel. 234 Rualioline. Branch Othee,2s, CouPontrum Sr., Nat. rel. 2247.

I,ande rannum upwards or:ievd de Ibyapoosnt eopnos , bity.. jetrie 12 ms wat epa.? 1 month's notfee or 15 p.o. ner annum at 3 n3,lnths' notice. Cheques crossed 'London City and Midland Bank.— RiTrossi. TRADING ASROCIATIQf LTD, 177. LatobiTiere rd., Batteries, London, S.W.

I - NO PERS INO PINES I O Pt/ BLIOITY I! ! .p 3 AND UP wARPS ADVINCTD DAILY, ía e-yas STRICTEST PRIVAcy to all respectable Housaholderr, Tradespeople, Farmers, it'd all persons worthy of credi., without sureties or bon ismen, on simple promissory note only," at reasonable Interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no ohjeot. Call or write in cmfidence to THR ORR 'MI it II ADVANOR On., 25 Castro st , Sankey at.. Warrington ; also at 10, Greenwood st., itittincharn. Head Office : 329, Waterloo rd., lidsuchester. All applications and letter.) promptly attmded

MONEY TO LENT'.

ZlO & UPWARDS ON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, WITHOUT SECURITY.

EASY REP AYM 3NIS.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ABiOLUTR PRIVACY AIIiURBD.

APPLY IN CONFIDENCE TO ACTUAL LENDER.

A. R. 13EcKuT,

6, ST. MARY'333ATR. MANOMISTBR.

CASH ACCOMMODATION LW TO £l,OOO. I Loan £lO repay £ll 51. Loan £5l reply LiG 51. Loan £2O repay £22 10s. Lean £lO3 repay Cll.l 11s. Lean £3O repay £33 15s. Lean 2100 re,,,y £135. VkT J ACK SO N, 43, CITY kW., CH SCB I' R • Branah 01111 e, 7.9 T. MAL/CS TRARAOR, Wrexham!

WIDNES. 25, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ALDVANCES' MADE PRIVATELY to TRADEI- MEN, FARMERS. WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. tie Householders. nu their own seonrity. without delay, on OUT simple written promise tn nay heck. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. K COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNRS, FOOT OP TRIZ CENTRAL !MATZOS. MALtern : JOHN B.,G001)WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runoorn Applicant may receive /gooey any Evening at their own Homes.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC) NOTIOB.

RORROWERS who have paid or are pavittz ItJf the usual high rate of Interest for the loin of noney, do so no longer, but Oleic To MK, and I will adosnee you sufficient money at RIM,' TEM Harm of interest you have been charged. So don't fall to give me a ail% or write end convince yourself the.; my terms cannot be beaten. Apply personilly or by letter to the actual lender,

J. LORD, 2, TiIYNNK se.. OPT PARK AR ST., WAR JUNTO'?

(near Bank Quay Station).

_ N.B.—No connection with Any other L an office In town.

,RlO to £5,000 ADPANCI.CD by PEUNTATIL LI3NDER ON SIMPLE! PROMISSORY NOT. No Bills of Sale taken, and absolute pricmoy iciaranreert. First letter of apolimition receives prompt attention, awl intending borrowers are waltrei npoit by a represen'atiye who Is empowerwl to complete tratisectlon on term, mutu- ally arranged, NO OHARCIR BRING 7,lkDil UNTLRS3 BUSINRSS ACTUALLY CO lit PLBTED. Special quotations for Short Loans.

Write In oontidenee to— MR. T. POLLITT. 70, OLTnteM ROM), MA117(11411 tTIZR.

TO ANY PE f4SON married or f 3 single WORTHY OF MIMI f 1,000 can have money on note of banSl only ON TEEMS at this well-known established We are the only Firm where von rem DEFYING vet a loan without the usual loan off:* COMPETITION, routine and without fees. Our Motto Is straightforward Lnneashire dealings. Lo•ns can be paid as follows or otherwise. $3 loan le weekly £lO loan 2.. 61. weekly £5 „ Is. 6d. £2O „ £7 „ 2e. £5O „ 12s. 6d. ~ The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and increased. Call or write MAURICE & Co., alms C. COTTWitIf,I, (Mawaueltsall), 131. CBIRO STRPHT, WAIMINGTON. N.B.—PRIVACY art A kt ANTRIM.

gSTO £5,000 LENT DAILY. LOWEST INTAIRRiT tet ENGLAND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 I,aan, Repel, 101. wPekly £lO „ „ 4e. „ £3) „ 17e, „ £l5 , „ 6e. „ £5O „ 20s. £2O „ Be. „ „ „ RICO 35e. „ o surnie., no now, no pabtioltv. Soaotal attentlo i to applicants from this district. ' METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRrinswteß OX7OIIO RD IAtAtICEIRITER!; and fa 87, VICTORIA RD, NoRTHWICH, 65, SOLIISTOS Rn. (oornrof Ounm 9t.), CREWE, 9, mafervrtisia ST., RUNCORN.

ESTABLIgHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, BING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEVRIATH STREET, CR ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATH ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLII PROMISSORY NOTE. 1110 A r TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— TER SIMPLICITY OF THB PROMISSORY ROTH TO BE THE LOW R&Th OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- !N( 1-trSll. THE WRITTEN (MARA:ITER OF STRICTEST PRIVACY ITHE CYSTEM OF BEALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVRR A PERIOD OF TIME OONVIINIBIST TO TES BORROW HR. NO BILLS OP SALE &RR TARES UNLESS AGRHED AND TER TRANSACTIONS ARTI NOT PUBLISHED MANY SiftwsPAPßß OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SHCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS MICR MR I %IMAM/LTV ATTENTION IRRBSPECTIVR OF DISTANCE. In urgent oases a Representative still oall personally upon applicants and complete the transaction. at thAtr own home or places of bounces. My fair dealing and reasonable Charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

motor earl, emits, starriam, ttc

ITOLISTS.—We offer 198 Twee ; guaranteed ; 41.10 d. ea,•l3 post fr. SHIRLIMI CYCLE 00.

ANKRU PT rat/1.-K.-5 000 Cyr le Inner rubes si. 64. for 2.. 64., post free Guaranteed. —BArrrn, earmarthen.

190 Q TYRIR4.- hpecinl value, griatanaeed covers. At Clincher or Dunlop rims. ba. each; Mr Tuber, 3r, ; lista free.—SPED Tray Co., Wolverhampton.

WhW BIKES FOR (MD.—VIM:MN Cycle Rome! equals 11 bed stowed, Elnish..nd wears better; easily applied ; all colours ; post free, h.-6E1,31mm, 65, Few:torch st. London.

DARGA 1111.--ElO 1.1.. Ftleyele. Dunlop Tyrer, Roller Brakrt, Enamelled Green Gold Ltned, Lamp. Bell, £5 Si. Approval write partloularr.-0. Hamm, Carmartben.

VCR BALB.—ltandlome RALLI CAR (qufte new) Nett I:toorer by Wade: Lampe, Rubber Moo &0., complete; cheep, Aleo excellent set of Harcess.—tiTUßl34. City rd., Chester.

BICYCLES. BICYCLES. V. UCH VALUE NHVBX OFFSHIII3 BIIFORP. Six days Free Trial. Threp veers guArantee. ES 19s 64. only. DIRBOT FROM FIDTORY TO RIDER. Send for Partioularr. 01c088 c.,,YOGH woBIC3, MALP&S, CHESHIRE.

ITULSI -Marvellous sacrifice. Gent's Kew 190/ MAO/IffilEl 1, 0 highest grade, fitted with Clincher tyres. Crabbe roller lever front and book rim brakes, the very late.t. Perry's ball-bearing free wheel, phitad rims coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame mudguards ; magnificent machine, not soiled ; complete with gas lamp, bell, pump. spanner, ate. ; £4 Es. Ea. ; great bargain, worth double. Will send on approval any distance before cash sent.—M. Rottew, Bt. Madge, Pitman rd., Weston-super-Mare.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING. JOHN gALKER AND CO.

S

2 ALWAYS USE McDOUGALL'S Pe TH Pewit SELF-RAISING FLOUR IT IS E BEST. The Piz xanainar, Saturday March 73 1908. Ns/OMAN'S REALM. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] silence of her "one ewe lamb," as she sometimes A month had elapsed since the rejoicings at termed her young, only sister, half in jest, half in Field Court at the wedding of the Honourable DRESS—FASHION—HOME, A G-LORIOUS DEFEAT. bitter earnest, when she heard a quick step Captain Burleigh to its future c hate which stirred her emotions. She looked up, and laine Miss Gwendolen Field. The spring, until then an there was her Evie, coming up the garden path unusually warm and tranquil season, was suddenly BY ALICE I. DIEHL, carrying her Gladstone bag. But how pale, how interrupted by storms of wind, hail, rain and wan, with what distended eyes! sleet. The Mermaid went her journeys as usual. Author of "Passion's Puppets," "The Garden of "Eve! " She took the bag, she embraced the She stood her buffetings bravely. But one night, Eden," "Dr. Pull's Theory," "The Des- girl with passionate fervour, then drew her into as the good little vessel was awaiting passengers the kitchen, took her hat and cape, made her tea, borough Mystery," "Entrapped," &c. for England, drawn up alongside the Belgian • and fussed over her with the old maternal quay, the storm which had arisen freshly tendeenese, while Eve somewhat coldly accepted since sunset waxed so furious that the captain her devotion and told her story. had misgivings as to the advisability of risking No; she was not ill, exactly. It was only that the transit. the situation, the surroundings, the frivolous life e led by the grandees she served had become What do you say, Grimes ?" he asked, going to where Rob stood in his oilskins, grim and unbearable. silent as usual. "There will hardly be a score "The difference between my life and theirs of passengers, all told." was unnate ral —horrible ! " she cried, with an Rob had nearly, said, "Let the lot wait, then," acrid intensity astounding to the sister who had when a man came up the gangway, followed by cherished her from her orphaned babyhood. " a tall woman, and another carrying bags. The hated it, but I tried to bear it because Iknewlight flashed upon his:face. Grimes's heart leaped auntie would resent my leaving. Oh, she was in his breast as a wild beast from its lair scent- kind and good to me—she is an old dear !—but in e the near approach of prey. she "it was Captain Burleigh! slavery —tshieley tchainllkas ttiotaldedy,pPenripsl.e gSnlyslepjoys her I At once Rob was eloquent on the subject of Priscilla. Grimes listened tc her young sister's keeping faith with the public. They were a new tirade with her wonted patience. She was only line of steamers, &c. ; the company would have too ready to accede to Eve's request—it was too good reason for complaint if they failed a single much like a command to be termed a request—to journey. give up the servitude which had tortured her "I don't see that it will be a dirtier night than high-spirited young nature, and to settle down the others we have had," he added. with her to the stoeking knitting. To have her The captain believed in Rob's judgment, so the darling working with her, and liking the dreari- Mermaid left her moorings and started. Shortly nevi of home in the rural valley, was more joy after there was a lull. The wind dropped. The than she had dared to hope for. J progress along the Scheldt was almost normal. But, joy though the arrangement was in theory, j The men passengers paced the deck, although, it was hardly a joy in practice, by the advice of the stewardess, the ladies Eve worked with feverish energy. She was retreated to their cabins to settle themselves for ready for any sort of work, indeed, from early the night before the steamer plunged into the • morning till late night. But she was no longer stormy waves of the wind-lashed Channel. Rob the gay, bright, winsome girl of a year before, j waited and watched until he had an opportunity She shunned the girl companions who had not of addressing his enemy; then he went up to left their village to go out into the world. When him boldly. "It shall be man to man," he had. Priscilla had her old friends to tea and gossip promised himself. she fled and took a long rambles only returning j "You are Captain Burleigh ?" he began. in the gloaming. She accompanied her sister to Reginald Burleigh halted, paused, and took his church with evident reluctance, and she was only cigarette from his lips. expansive on one occasion—when Priscilla spoke "I am," he acquiesced. "What is that to of Robert, the cousin Eve had promised to marry you ? " in a few months. j "Everything," returned Rob, calmly, but in a Then she inveighed against marriage, especially , tone of chill, deadly meaning. "I am the cousin— among the poor, and announced her intention and was the liromised husband of Eve Grimes. of breaking her engagement the very first time You have dared to make love to her without she and her cousin Robert Grimes should be . intending to make her your wife. Had you wooed faee to face, and married her, I would have borne it. But Priscilla said nothing. She congratulated her- you—you, sir, have behaved like ra blackguard, self that her "childie " had come back to her. I and I mean to treat you as one! Shall I knock "She is too innocent, too sensitive, to be out in you down, or will you fight me fairly?" the cruel world of men and women, mostly The light was dim. It was :the hour when selfish," she told herself. "She thinks that Rob waning daylight is mingled with the pale is like the men she has seen during these months radiance of moon and stars. But Grimes saw with the Burleighs. When he comes it will be that his enemy smiled as he cast away his all right," cigarette, and that was his only evidence of Robert Grimes was first mate of a passenger emotion. vessel, One of a number recently placed on "How—fair fight ? " he asked, satirically. Continental traffic by an enterprising company. "Pistols, swords, or fists ?" Occasionally he had his holiday. J The last had "None of those," roughly returned Rob. "I been some considerable time before Eve's don't want scandal to blacken my cousin's fair, precipitate return home, so Miss Grimes, rising honoured name. I have thought of this meeting, from some weeding of her front garden-beds one sir, and made up my mind to draw lots with you fair spring evening at the sound of the click of which should die. It is the best way. It will be the garden gate, was more pleased than surprised brought in suicide. D 9 you understand ? " to see the stalwart figure in the blue uniform Captain Burleigh paused for a moment. striding towards her. She sprang to him, Suicide! Well, he had found his handsome gazing with delighted welcome into the somewhat imperious wife intolerable after the lovely wild- round bronzed face with the comely features and flower Eve. He did not care how soon he ended bold but honest brown eyes. such a life—bored with the woman he possessed, "Oh, you dear old boy!" she cried. "Evie ? hankering after another who could never be his. She is here—she has given up service!" She "I understand," he returned. "We will toss gave a voluble epitome of her sister's many some- I up. The one who loses goes overboard—drown- what anarchical sayings ending with: "You ing is an easy exit. You shall toss, and if it is won't find fault with her independence, Rob ? woman 'I am the man to take the header." You are a regular Republican yourself! " They walked to where an electric light "I am," he saiA ; "and lam awfully glad Erie illumined a portion of the now deserted deck, has been able to see what rot all the luxury and and Grimes, producing a coin, tossed up. extravagance is! I hardly expected she would cut "Woman" was uppermost. the great world so soon, though. Dear heart! "Good business," said Burleigh, airily. She is in the orchard ? I will go to her." "Better business than I expected. Hope you are He strode off, a fatuous joy sending his pulses satisfied. Yes? Shake hands, then. lam sorry I racing. As he rounded the house and made his interfered with your matrimonial intentions; but, way through the potato and cabbage field he take my word for it, no woman is worth this sort thought tenderly of his darling. As a clumsy of thing—not one girl Jilt of 'em! Good-bye, boy, when he carried the frail, lovely child about old man. Marry Eve, and be happy.' the place, he had adored her. As a rough lad he He walked to the deck side vaulted over the had been shy in her dainty presence, but when he rail, and was gone. Rob stood staring, stupefied, had passionately wooed her—man appealing to unbelieving for a moment or two. Then he woman—oh! then he had felt that Heaven had realised that the young man had plunged intoethe decreed them mates, cold, leaping sea in the cruel darkness. "She haunts the orchard. It was there we He sent up a wild cry—" Man overboard!" were promised to each other," ho almost solemnly Madly he rushed here and there, demanded help thought as he vaulted the fence. And as he of his captain, and then, as the searchlight hastened across the rough turf under the pink played upon the foaming sea and the engines and white blossoms of the pear, cherry and apple were reversed, he cast off his jacket and, climbing trees—which that spring had elected to bloom to the balustrade, took a header into the waves almost simultaneously—he saw her seated at the where he fancied he saw—something. very spot, in a gnarled old apple-tree, whose Cries from deck encouraged him as•he fought beL, mossy boughs parted, and stretching out- the waves and swam boldly backwards and ward as well as upward furnished a natural forwards, urged by the shouts of direction, chair for any desiring a rest. the waving of black arms in the brilliant glare. He hurried towards her, arms outstretched, A boat was lowered. But he could see nothing, eyes gleaming with love. "Evie—darling !" he I feel nothing. Agony! "Oh, Heaven, save him cried, then stopped short, and kill me instead!" was the anguished cry "Don't touch me!" she said, rising, shrinking, of his tortured soul as he battled with the cruel extending a warning arm. sea, the overwhelming foam and spray. "Oh, So wan, pale, miserable she looked, so altered, I Heaven, kill me for ever—but save him!" tragic were her gleaming eyes, that he wildly The waves beat upon his head, thundered remembered old tales of witches, Banshees, and against him, knocked the breath out of his the rest. chest. But he fought on. “i must go down "Hear me, that is all. I never intend to now," he was thinking in desp&ir, striking out . • marry—you or anyone else! If you want a wife, with a final effort. there are plenty of women in the world. I mean His hand closed upon something. He clutched to live here, single, with Priscilla till I die. Do it madly, wild joy in his heart—then he heard you understand ? " cries of exultation from above. He was holding For half a minute he stood, somewhat over- up his former enemy. The boat was nearing come by the shock. Then his great love for her, them—he knew no more. his common sense, his knowledge that her simple • ideas seemed to have been overturned, her reason almost affected by her fulfilled whim of seeing life as a high-class domestic in a great house, restored his self-possession. . "Do as you please, darling. I could not like anything which was not pleasant to you. I hope lam not-a blackguard of that kind!" he warmly exclaimed. " But —you will tell me your experiences with those aristocrats, won't you? I know they have made you feel like this." With subtle suggestion, with a reserve, sympathy, and patience which he himself wondered that he could command after such a cruel shock, he elicited enough to satisfy him that his promised wife had had some terrible love. experience which had imperilled her reason. He was tender, brotherly. He said little or nothing to her, and to Priscilla he feigned a certain satisfaction that all would come right. But he set himself to think out the situation, and the conclusion he arrived at was the correct one. He knew that no man inferior to himself would

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

THE ACTION OF RADIUM.

von sm. ruin roc zncrre nut-cr.-mac intuit ril tne other, the relative sensitiveness of the corre- sponding galvanometer can be controlled at will by the addition in series of a suitable re- sistance. Further, it is feaeible to connect a given set of coils to two galvanometers of different degrees of sensitiveness, recording distant and near earthquake oscillations re- apectively. The galvanometer needle pro- duces graphical

Radium wets tipon the chemical constitu• ents of glass, porcelain, and paper, impart- ing to them a violet tinge, changes white phosphorus to yellow, oxygen to ozone, affects photograph plates, and produces many other curious chemical changes.

EMBROIDERY.

Embroidery used in fashioning the new high collars and cuffs for morning costumes is of the finest in needlework and fabric. Both the open embroidery, that which shews an elaborate cut- out pattern, and the fine close work which orna- mented frocks of a century ago, are liked. There is so great a demant . for the genuine old em- broideries, declares a writer in the Mark Lane Express, that women who count these among their choicest heirlooms, are having bits of the embroidery cut out and mounted on new linen and shaped into collar and cuff sets. The antique embroidery invariably lasts longer than the transparent linen upon which it has been worked, and it lends itself very readily to this transfer.. Those who do not own old em- broideries have to content themselves with the new, which reproduce as nearly as possible the designs and style of the embroidery worn by our great-grandmothers. Two FASHIONABLE SKIRTS.

Pictured in our illustration are two very smart and up-to-date skirts, one for regular walking wear, the other of a more dressy indoor type. The first is realised in navy serge of a rather hard and wiry ,weave, and is cut with five gores, each well sloped out to give ample width at the bottom. At the back the fulness is arranged in an inverted pleat, which is firmly machined down for some little distance below the waist. A lino of machining outlines the hem, and gives a suit- able finish to the skirt. The second sketch shews

The great old Tudor mansion looked solemn in the moonlight. Below, the terraces and the big flower-garden seemed, as it were, sleeping ia the shadow—then came a moonlit expanse of park, whose dark patches here and there were clumps of elms and beeches, with their black shadows lying on the grass. It was such a atill spring night that Eve, the slim girl waiting in the shrubbery, listening, motionless, heard the t quick beating of her anxious heart as well as every faint rustle of some waking creature—rabbit, rat, mouse, or bird—in the brushwood. She had been early at her tryst with the man who had so suddenly, but so entirely, become the lover she worshipped as a god, for whom she felt ready, if need arose, even to die. Moments of tension became minutes, minutes quarters of an hour; she heard them chime with a dread akin to agony—for the Honourable Captain Reginald Burleigh had snatched a stolen minute with her that day in the upper corridor, where the maids' workroom was, to imperiously demand that meeting. "You must come, Evie, I have a great favour to ask you. You said you would do anything in the world for me, and I am going to put you to the test," he had said, with a fond look and a hasty kiss, before he hurried off beyond the baize door within whose boundary he had no business to be. Since then she had been on tenter-hooks. What could it be he meant to ask? She had wondered, and was wondering now, as her eyes fixed on the glowing windows of the blue drawing-room— a room which opened upon the terrace and which Lady Burleigh, Reginald's aunt, generally elected, to occupy evenings, when the house- party was moderately small—she longed and listened and watched, her hands nervously clasped to her breast. He had been so passionate, so additionally tender of late—could he, did he mean to ask her to elope with him? She started—there was a crashing sound in the shrubbery—she gave an involuntary cry as he sprang upon the path, which startled a night bird into breaking covert and soaring upward and away with a weird, expostulating wail. "What, frightened? You little goose!" He took her in his arms and kissed her gently, with an almost paternal solicitude,which the innocent, trusting girl had awakened in him' case-hardened, b military worldling as he believed himself to be. "Come, let us go to that old bench further on, our bench, where we first told each other— well, you know what!" Gently, with many fond words, he caressingly drew her along to the spot—a little rose-garden in the wood where a former Lady Burleigh had made a cemetery for her pets. Her ladyship's favourite hunter lay below an oblong bed of rose bushes. A row of tiny tombstones under the hedge headed the little grassy mounds, the graves of her pet dog. Captain Burleigh seated himself on the rustic bench also placed there tly his deceased great-aunt, his arm around his "little love," as he had called her. "I didn't half like asking you to meet me her; late, like this, dear, but my news wouldn't wait; and I felt you ought to hear it from me— certainly not from anyone else! Evie, I am going to be married." He believed, when a shock had to be given, it was best to launch a thunderbolt. But he wondered how the girl would take it. To his surprise she remained motionless, an inanimate lump leaning against him. He peered anxiously into her face. At first he could hardly discern her features—a cloud was passing across the moon—but as the pale, pure light shone down once more he saw that she was livid—her starting eyes shone with a mad lustre. "Evie—my darling!" he wildly exclaimed. "Don't look like that—speak—speak ! " His loved voice—A was a rich, mellow-speak- ing voice, and had been pleasant in the ears of other women and girls before it had assisted to enslave poor Evie—roused her. She shivered, and drew away from him. "You—yes, you are to be married—l hear," she said in a dull, even tone. "When ? " "Ask me why, rather," he passionately said, drawing her imperiously nearer. "Evie, I am not a brute, I am not a wretch, nor am I a blackguard! I love you, and you know it, but I cannot, and would not if I could, marry you. I am poor, and in debt, and so is my old dad—a 'regular good old spendthrift he is! lam bound to help him. The girl lam going to marry is an heiress—will be a great heiress by-and-bye. But putting the money question aside, Evie, supposing even I had loads of oof instead of being the abject beggar I am, you would be miserable if I married you—my aunt's third lady's-maid and her housekeeper's niece. Why, we should be hated, scorned, cut, insulted, hounded out of all decent society! It would be sheer madness. I would not expose you to such a thing! We met and loved—we could not help it—and now we must say good-by. !It cuts both ways. It is agony to me, I tell you, but it is my duty. I shall go and marry Gwendolen Field and try to be a good husband to her, and you will do the same by your promised husband, your Cousin Rob—" He stopped short. She sprang up suddenly. "I will never lOok him in the face again," she hoarsely said. "Dare to say his name to me! You said "—she halted to breathe, and pressed her hands tightly upon her chest—"you said—you had a favour—to ask me—what is it?" "To forget I ever existed, dear," he said, earnestly. "Do not give me a thought after to. night; I am not worth it." She stood staring at him; then she gave a shrill laugh, which seemed to chill the blood in his veins. "Forget? Oh, Heavens!" she wailed. Then she rushed away. He was alone. 'I have nothing to reproach myself with," he *old himself as he went slowly back to the house. "I don't know a single fellow who would have been as straight, in my place, with my feeling for the girl, as I have been." IL

RECORDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE CURVES by a continual series of sparks passing be- tween it and the metal support over which a paper is caused to slide, thus perforating the -Latter with a number of small holes. The main advantage claimed for this arrangement is that the pendulum is entirely free in space, being subject to no friction effect, while read- ings can be obtained at any distance from the point at which the seismograph is in- stalled, and at the very moment the earth- quaxe is taking place. The apparatus is readily adapted to the pendulums of most existing types of seismograph, and will give records of any desired sensitiveness.

one a the modish tunic skirts for which there is quite a rage just now. This skirt is carried out in fine green cloth, and has a waistband of satin in exactly the' same shade. The tunic hag a seam down the back and one down each side, the side seams being left open to within fifteen inches of the waist. At the front and back thd tunic is cut to a sharp point, which is almost as long as the underskirt, the sides being very much shorter. The underskirt is plain, very full, and cut rather long all round.

--- _...... Miss Priscilla Grimes was, as usual, working have had a chance with his betrothed. Ergo! some away at her stocking-machine in her kitchen- supposedly superior being had blasted his life's . sitting-room. Left an orphan young, the eldest happiness. : of the family, she had lost her two brothers, and He left his cousins somewhat abruptly, and had "scraped along" and educated her only paid a flying visit to his aunt, the Burleighs' sister, fifteen years her junior, by letting lodgings housekeeper. Without awakening any suspicion in the summer and stocking-making all the year in her mind he learnt what he wanted to know round. —who the man was who had supplanted him. The homestead stood on the hillside of a He also learnt that the bride and bridegroom in , narrow Gloucestershire valley, a plain, stone the imminent marriage were travelling by his house among groups of stone cottages. Sloping lino of vessels to the Continent. upward at its rear was the potato and vegetable , 111. garden; then Caine a little orchard. In front was a quaint grass-plat, surrounded by flower- , The blithe, genial Robert Grimes was so changed beds, and under the windows were some odd- that neither captain nor crew of the Mermaid looking stone objects, dug up in the field from steamer knew their jolly first mate. Grim, time to time, and a few gloomy-looking cypresses. taciturn, he was as alert on duty as ever. But These, and the grove of apple, pear, and plum his sunburut features were livid and drawn • his trees bordering the high brick wall at the bottom laugh was never heard. There was a peculiar, of "the front garden," lent a somewhat gloomy semi-conscious stare in his dulled eyes which appearance to the front of the dwelling, gave place now and then to a curious, watchful Miss Grimes was greatly respected in the expression, never to the kindly twinkle of former village, although she was too busy to indulge days. in much company-keeping. Her house was He was on the watch. Since his aunt had rquisitely clean and neat, yet she had no assist- uncommiously givtn him the clue to the un- .ace, and worked at her machine from nine till scrupulous rival who had supplanted him in live every week-day. Respectability was in every Eve's affections, together with the information line of her spare figure as she sat deftly working that Captain Burleigh and his bride were going, at a lengthening stocking under the kitchen abroad fcr their honeymoon, probably travelling window—that bright May morning which he by the new line of steamers, he had watched and never afterwards forgot. Her black dress and waited for the couple, some dread intent inflaming , linen apron clung tightly to her clean, long him, heart and soul, which he resolutely refused limbs. Her iron-grey hair was neatly banded to confront. , and knotted at the back of her fine head. She But he watched and waited in vain. Crowds ' had the Boman head and long, severe features of passengers travelled by the Mermaid, but not which seem the legacy of the ancient, bag-dead Captain Burleigh. Baffled, he grew more and Phoenicians and Romans to their once-loved more morose, and the lurking demon within his temporary home in West Britain. The kitchen soul revealed itself riy degrees as the spirit of was like a Dutch interior in its cleanliness and revenge. As he paced the deck at night, and orderliness. A small, clear fire burnt in the raw pale moon shone down with a faint purity kitehener. Before it lay a long-haired cat. which reminded him' of his lost love, he swore The ticking of the "Sam Slick" in the corner, to avenge her come what might. the purring of the cat, anil the measured click of "He has done her the basest wrong a man can the machine, had lulled Miss Priscilla into a do a sweet, pure girl," he told himself. "He certain calm satisfaction of work "getting on ' has stolen her heart. And from me—for it was when a sharp knock came at the open outer mine. Oh—when we come face to face!" door. The musings of his disorganised brain became "Billy Bowles," she told herself, rising and settled intentions. As time went on and he was pushing back her chair with an ugly-soundinf constantly disappointed, baulked of his planned scrape on the stone floor. "Perhaps from Evie I ' ...mit. of his an an; v. his hn trod of Canto; n "Billy Bowles" was the old postman. But as Uurleigh became a fixed idea. He determined to she met him at the door he had only a postcard resign his position, and dog the man until he rrom tile nrm she worked for hastening Her witn ran him to earth and taught him a lesson that the last stocking order. She was rallying her there were certain wrongs which would nee he spirits after her disappointment at the protracted Permitted to remain unchastiood,

- - First an awful blank with a dull sense of oppression. Then fantastic visions of sea monsters and huge fish with human-looking faces each of which he had to fight off lost they should eat him alive. Then a deadly calm. Then a sudden thunderbolt—and a startled awakening! A white curtain and counterpane. At the foot of this white bed a blue-and-white-dressed nurse, who turned calm eyes -of gratified pride upon him as he struggled up on his pillows. "Hush! you must not speak or move yet," she' warningly said. She fed.him ; then a man came and punched him about; then he was physicked and fed again; then came A long, beautiful, dreamless sleep, from which he awakened to see Eve—Eve kneeling by the bed, gazing at hire with the old, loving look.

It was a little strange, and it abashed him to find that he, a potential murderer, was regarded as a hero, and that his "grand act" in saving the life of Captain Burleigh had not only gained him hosts of influential friends but the sup- posedly lost heart of his darling cousin Eve. It made him humble. Time want on, and, after settling on a farm offered him at half' price by an admirer, he saw his wife groel buxom and his children flourish around him.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
[THE END.

Mr. King, M.P., and the Government Record Mr. A. J. King, M.P., in a brief address at th annual meeting of ths Knutsford Liberal Associatiol held at the Manchester Reform Club on SaturcllY reviewed some of the legislative and adthinistratity work done by the Government, and showed how both kinds of work it had benefited the masses of tl people. In a reference to the Education Bill he sfi.l( he liked this principle about it, that in future no aid! in this country could be compelled to attend any oille than a public elementary school, such a school bei defined as a school entirely under public control where there were no religious tests for teachers.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CROSFIELD'S WEDDING.

LIVLIPOOL STAFF ENTERTAINED.

Owing to pressure on our space last week we were only able to briefly announce that on the previous Saturday, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., entertained to dinner at the Victoria Restaurant, Liverpool, the staff and employees of the Liverpool branch of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited. The dinner was given in connection with Mr. Crosfield's recent marriage, and the whole of the employees at the Liverpool Works were present. On joining the party at dinner, Mr. , Crosfield was greeted with cheers. Dinner over, Mr. Dolan conveyed to Mr. Croetleld the thanks of the guests for his kindness, and their sincere wishes that Mrs. Crosfield and he would have great happiness in their future lives. (Applause.) Mr. McGregor, in following Mr. Dolan, remarked that Mr. Crosfield's kindness in inviting them to , dinner was but another instance of the characteristic generosity of the Crosfield family to their employees —and he trusted that Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield would be spared to enjoy many many years of married happiness and prosperity. (Cheers.) As soon as Mr. McGregor remmed his seat, cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield, and "He's a jolly good fellow" was sung with great heartiness. Mr. Crosfield then addressed the party, thanking them for the warmth and geniality of their welcome, and saying that it gave him great pleasure to take the opportunity he had that evening of expressing on behalf of his wife, as well as on his own account, their thanks for the artistic and very charming present which, in the kindness of their hearts, the staff and employees at the Liverpool branch of the firm of Crosfield had sent them—which they would always value and appreciate. (Cheers.) "A near relative of mine, who is a very witty man, tells me," continued Mr. Crosfield," that whenever he is asked to speak at any sort of nuptial ceremony, he invariably addresses his friends as follows, I have only been married once, and I hop 3 I may never be married again." (Much laughter.) Well gentlemen, I have only had a short experience of matrimony, but I too heartily subscribe to those sentiments.' (Renewed laughter.) " I regret," (continued Mr. Crosfield," that I have not a chance of meeting you more frequently in ' the Liverpool works—but I appreciate the more this hearty and pleasant gathering this evening and I often hear from my brother, Captain Crosfield—(cheers)— and others, of the good progress of our manufacture and business at the Liverpool works. (Hear. hear.) I have much pleasure in congratulating you all, and especially Mr. Fox (cheers) and his able successor Mr. Dolan (cneers) on the excellent work and good manage- ment at Liverpool, on the good standards maintained in manufacture, and everything that conduces to good trade, for the benefit of all here." (Cheers.) Mr. Crostield then referred to the very important part! taken in the building up and development of the firm's busimess by the late Mr. George trosfield, and tce the ' emphasis his uncle always laid on the maintenance of , good and reliable standards of quality. He had not " (said Mr. Crosfield) "a dim notion, a vague iclea,a doubt- ' ful impression of the usefulness of such good and reliable standards in building up a business. No—from keen business insight and practical experience he had acquired a firm grip of that fundamental fact— and that, in years gone by had not a little to do with his success in business. Another thing my uncle used to say " (continued Mr. Crosfield) "was the nearer home you can sell your goods, the better. Well, during the early part of my business career, from 1884 to 1895, when I devoted myself very closely to the soap trade, and put in some fib hours a week at it, I laid this maxim of Mr. George Crosfield well to heart, and the greater part of my time and energies during that very critical period in the history of this trade,were devoted to building up a new kind of soap trade at home which was needed to replace the older-fashioned class of trade which was fast declining ; but I also spent a large part of my time then in doing my best to assist the develop- ment of these new branches of our trade in which you are specially interested in Liverpool, and lam right glad that the last five and twenty years have seen this important development in the firm's export trade. (Cheers.) That is satisfactory, gentlemen from a com- mercial point of view. (Hear, hear.) But I think every- one in this room rray also congratulate himself on being connected with a business which is not only scientific and interesting on its technical side, but also deeply interesting on its commercial side. (Hear, hear.) It has often been said that soap is a measure of civilisa- tion, and to a great measure that is true—so that, in sending our goods to different parts of the world, and in many cases to countries with coloured populations in a somewhat backward stage of development, I think we may, in effect, claim to be pioneers of civilisation. (Cheers.) Cleanliness comes next to godliness and we seepmakers—modest people that we are— (laughter)—think we rank next to parsons! (Laughter.) Might we not say then—without blowing our own trumpet too loudly, that in manufacturing for many of the different nationalities to whom our goods are shipped abroad, if on the one hand we are pioneers of civilisation, on the other (to paraphrase a modern expression with which you are familiar) we are also the missionaries of trade." (Hear. hear, and cheers.) After referring to the time when he used to take specimens of the fi'rm's handicraft and manufacture, if not literally from John o' Groats to Lands End, at all events North, South, East and West through the country, Mr. Crosfield emphasised the importance of that which as called " get up " plays in trade. If this is important," he said, " in the home trade, it is, if possible, still More important in the export trade. There, as we all know, in a great many cases we are selling to people who have little knowledge, or even no knowledge at all of English, and therefore,in order that they may recognise a good article and ask for it again it is of the utmost importance that our Trade Marks should appear clearly, neatly and legibly on bars, tablets and boxes of soap alike. (Hear, hear.) I can assure you that every one in our works by hearing in mind that important fact, and acting upon it, can give us direct and effective assistance ia the development of the business. (Cheers.) I hope that as civilisation pronresses, the demand for English soap in foreign markets will continue to increase, so that all firms engaged in the trade on the Mersey may be kept busy, to the benefit of the firms themselves and every one connected with them, and therefore to the benefit also of the old County Palatine of Lancashire." (Cheers.) In conclusion Mr.Crostield expressed his regret that Mrs. Crosfield could not be with them that evening owing to the fact that an attack of influenza had made it impossible fcr her at the time to go out at night. He a gain thenked them on her behalf, and on his own behalf for their very pretty present, and most heartily did he thank them for the genial welcome they had given him that evening. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Fox then rose and expressed his pleaeure at the kindly mention made of Mr. Dolan and himself by Mr. Crostield, and for the way in which that mention bad been received. He was sure that any one, seeing the conditions under which Messrs. Crosfields' employees did their work would realise that they worked for a considerate firm, and, he might add, for the best interests of that firm. (Hear, hear.) Whatever com- fort they might have in their work, be regarded as only carrying out the principles their directors had always supported. (Hear, hear.) He was sure their men would always endeavour to deserve that consideration. He would conclude by thanking them for their kind expressions of good will towards himself and Mr.Dolan. (Cheers.) Mr. Crosfield said he thought they should not con- clude that part of their proceedings without hearing a few words from their friend Mr. Hamilton. Mr. Hamilton, who was warmly greeted, said that as representing the commercial side of the export scan branch of the business, he was sure he might say one and all had the interests of the firm at heart and desired to see it prosper and develop in every direction. Each one could in his own way assist in these develop- ments, and help to hold up the Crosfield flag," and make known the Crosfield open "hand "in every part of the world, nnd if real " true blues " to the firm, they could materially assist in the attainment of a " signal success. (Loud Cheers.) The party then proceeded to the Olympia Music Hall to conclude a pleasant evening, arrangements having been previously made for seats to be reserved for them.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEAP ADVOCACY.

Mr. William Sutton, assistant overseer for Runcorn, on Monday summoned before the magistrates seventy- two poor-rate defaulters, and the usual brders for pay- -4 znent were made. Agi of about sixteen years appeared for several persons, a n answer to the bench said she received 6d. from eac . Mr. Johnson (magistrates' clerk) : They had better pay the rate than pay you. Mr. Lal, o (law clerk) : That is cheap advocacy. We cannot compete with that. , ,

===== 0002601_19080307_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..

===== 0002601_19080307_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
GNATS AND FEVER.

In the Philippine Journal of Science Messrs. Ashburn and Craig give 801110 ac- count of the part played by a species of gnat (culex fatigans) in the spread of the disease known as Dengue fever. They reared the insects from the egg, and found that after they had been allowed to bite a dengue patient they communicated the disease to an individual who vas isolated under a mos- quito net, and not subject to infection _in any other way. No., micro-organisms, however, were found in the infected gnats. and it is therefore concluded that the dengue microbe is ultro-microscopic in size.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HAIR AND MENTAL SHOCK.

In a disquisition on the nature of the pig- ment of the human hair, the. Lancet admits that it is not easy to explain exactly why alterations in colour occasionally take place during a serious illness, or why it may be- come whitened even in a few hours of mental disturbance. It mentions a somewhat re- markable instance of such disturbance which has come to its knowledge, where the cpposite was the case. The patient, a lady, suffered from occasional severe attacks of mental depression, and with each attack her hair, which is naturally a dark auburn, turned quite black. When she recovered the hair resum2d its natural colour.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIGHTNING FLASH.

Remarkable studies of the nature of light- ning have been made by a gifted Danish- American experimenter, Alexander Larsen. Not only has it been found that lightning flashes are made up of innumerable shorter flashes, and that streaks of lightning are really linked—i.e., chain lightning—but the existence of black or invisible lightning has been ascertained. Larsen took photographs of lightning with a common hand camera, and considered that if a camera were so geared as to be moved during lightning flashes the duration of the flash might be determined and its nature made clearer. He rigged up a revolving table, upon which he placed cameras in such positions as to catch lightning flashes at various phases. It was soon discovered that what is called a flash of lightning is in reality a succession of flashes, deceiving the eye with an appear- ance of oneness.

CAN ANIMALS DISTINGUISH COLOURS? Wallace has asserted that the fact that, certain plants bear fruit of brilliant colours is due to their preservation; the animals attracted by these colours break the fruits from the trees or plants, carry them off, and thus indirectly assist in the dissemination of the seeds which they contain over large tracts of land. And this function of selection on the part of animals presupposes in them a certain sense of colour. Still, scientific documents in support of these suppositions are rare. Dr. Dahl. alluding to the scarcity of them, relates some interesting experi- ments which he made with a monkey. He coloured some sweets with a certain coloured dye, and some bitter substances with that of another colour, and declares that after a few attempts the monkey learnt to leave, without even tasting, those articles of food which were coloured with the dye, and which indicated bitter - tasting substances, and seized at once upon those which indicated sweets. Varying the experiments sufficiently, he found that the monkey distinguished all the different colours readily, save only dark blue. Dr. Dahl calls attention to the fact that Mayer has stated that many savage tribes cannot, distinguish dark blue from black, and that even children distinguish this colour later than all others.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
SUN'S VARIABLE HEAT OUTPUT.

Mr. Watts, the American meteorologist, in a recent lecture said it must be clear to any- one who gave the matter thought that if the sun's radiant output were a constant, with the land and water masses of the earth being what they are now from all historic periods, the variation in climatic conditions from year to year should be insignificant. As a matter of fact, however, we know that the variations are often of an extraordinary character. In any one given year, for in- stance, the central regions of the United States might experience a Ammer of extra- ordinary dryness and intense heat, while the next year the very same region might ex- perience a cool and wet summer, or a cool and dry summer, or any combination pos- sible in weather conditions. The relation of such contrasts in -seasons to the solar varia- tions, he declared, was being worked out by a number of specialists—among them being Professor F. H. Bigelow, of the United States Weather Bureau and he said in general the belief which was obtaining cre- dence among meteorologists was that not only must the variation in the quantity in the solar radiation be taken into account, but a variation in the quality, in the matter of its electrical and magnetic as well as mechanical effects.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRICAL RECORDER FOR

EARTHQUAKES.

An apparatus in which 'electricity is em- ployed to record earthquake curves has been designed by Professor R. Goldschmidt, of the University of Brussels, says the Times. A pendulum carries one or two pairs of diame- trically-opposed coils of this copper wire, in front of which there are arranged other coils in perfect alignment with the former, wound with a smaller number of turns of thicker copper wire. The coils of thick wire ere at- tached to a frame resting on the ground so as to partake in any earthquake motion, and as the coils fixed to the central metal mass, owing to the inertia of the latter, tend to re- main at rest, the relative distances between the two sets of coils will be alternately in- creased and reduced, thus setting up in the coils fixed to the pendulum alternate currents representative of the

===== 0002601_19080307_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
DiTENSITY OF EARTHQUAKE OSCILLATIONS.

The thick wire coils are traversed by low in- tensity alternate currents produced by a small rotary transformer from two sets of five accumulator cells, As the coils carried by the seismograph pendulum are arranged in series with a galvanometer of high sensi- tiveness, the readings of the latter 'at any moment indicate the actual intensity of earthquake motion, deflections being nil in the state of rest, and, as each group of coils should be provided with its own galvano- meter, a horizontal-perpendicular seismo- graph should be fitted with two galvanometers. In a similar manner three instruments Corresponding to three sets of coils can be used to supply all possible readings in three directions at right angles to one another. If felt some, Tenon „readings in a given. direc-

===== 0002601_19080307_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
SPRING SKIN DISEASES.

WARNING TO MANY SUFFERERS. , • A Young Lady's Pimples and Rash. Sensational Zam-Buk Cure.

Skin troubles are unusually prevalent in the Spring-time because the blood is so laden with impurities, that it has got to throw off the bad matter somehow, and the " pores " in the skin get clogged through being overworked. Pimples, sores, and rashes in various parts of the body are the inevitable penalty of skin neglect. The case of Miss Annie Collinge, of 9, James St., Smethwick, Birmingham, shows at once the terrible character assumed by some skin troubles, and what an invaluable remedy Zam-Buk is. "On my return from a short holiday," said Miss Collinge to a " Birmingham Echo "reporter, "I found big red pimples coming out on my legs. My mother said it was only a rash and would soon go away. In about a week's time, however, they became like very large water blisters, and began to itch dreadfully. The irritation was excruciating, and I could not keep from scratch- ing myself. This caused the blisters to burst and spread all over my legs. I went to a local chemist, who gave me some ordinary ointment and blood mixture, but as this did it no good—in fact, made it worse—l next consulted a clever local doctor, who said it was a skin disease brought on by my blood. His medicine and lotion did no good at all. "I bathed the affected parts and applied his ointment three times a day after they were lanced, but still they showed no signs of healing. The itching was feariul. I was in despair, and thought I should go mad. My mother used to have to watch me as if I were a baby. " One day a friend asked me why I didn't try Zam-Buk, so my parents decided to do so. After the first few applications the frightful irritating, itching sensation began to die away and I felt much easier. I continued to use Zara-Bak. With each Zam-Buk dressing the wounds became easier, the itching and irritation grew less, and the eruptions became quite dry and well, and scarcely a mark left. Now, thanks to Zam-Buk, my limbs are quite clear of disease "My cure is the talk of the district. I have to assist my parents in the greengrocery trade, and the fact that I can remain standing for hours without discomfort shows that the cure is permanent. " I cannot praise Zam-Buk too highly. We ara now never withok a box in the house. My sister has found nothing to give relief to hot feet like Zam-Buk. My younger brother had a breaking out on the head and ears. A doctor did him no good, but under the Zam-Buk treatment the cure was most satisfactory." Every home should keep Zam-Buk handy.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROUGH AUDITORS.

Result of the Election.

Very little interest wns taken in the annual election of two auditors for the borough which took place on Monday at the Gymnasium. The candidates were Messrs. Laurence Bolton and Ebenezer England (present holders of the offices), and Mr. W. Chrimes, commission agent, Knutsford-road. Many people were even unaware that a poll was taking place, for the candidates are not allowed to spend a penny on stating' their claims to the suffrages of the electorate. When the result of the poll was declared, only about 20 people had assembled. The counting commenced shortly after eight o'clock in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, and was concluded in about 15 or 20 minutes. The Mayor (who was accompanied by the Town Clerk and Deputy Town Clerk) acted as returning officer. The result was declared inside the room as follows : Mr. Bolton Mr. England Mr. Chrimes 122

There were 13 spoiled papers. Mr. BOLTON in proposing a vote of thanks to tho Mayor for his services, thanked all the officials for the able manner in which the election had been conducted, and said be was particularly obliged to those 309 persons who had voted for him without canvassing. Mr. ENGLAND seconded the motion, and said the Mayor's presence graced every meeting over which be presided, and acted upon them as a ray of sunshine. The election, like its predecessors, had been very well con- ducted.

Mr. CHRIMES supported, and said be approved of everything that had been said by the two previous speakers. He bad met with nothing hut courtesy, and was particularly obliged to all who had voted for him. He had no doubt he would have better luck next time.

The motion having been carried, The MANOR briefly returned thanks and formally announced the result of the poll to the people outside the building. No speeches were made.

WHOOPING COUGH EPIDEMIC. , . How to check It in a few Hours. material, which slope up to tho shoulder an Whooping Cough is just now holding deadly sway continued down the outside of the arm right to : amongst the little ones, and, is too well known to need the wrist, the edges being finished by a row of description. During the many epidemics which have recently machining. The SICCVCG themselves are cut in one piece with the sides of the blouse, and are raged, Veno's Lightning Cough Cure has proved to be a very new and modish in shape. The blouse— never failing cure, and thousands of mothers are which by the way is carried out in mist-grey to-day blessing its presence in the household as a safe, cashmere is completed by a velvet neckband 1 green velvet' both collar and speedy, and certain remedy which will relieve the and plain cuffs 4°f 'Pp- terrible whoop almost at once, soothe the pain, ease cuffsbeing easily detachable. the breathing, and check this trying children's scourge A GENERATION OF GIRAFFES. lithin a very few hours. I The true portent of the huge girls who are Mrs. J. H. Small, 41, Parkes-street, Brierley Hill, ' growing up around us is at last scientifically e' writes :—" My youngest girl suffered for three or four plained by a professor of Toulouse. Future weeks from a bad whooping cough, and was always generations—both men and women—will be worse during the night, coughing for several minutes at generations of giraffes. The white man, it ap- e time. After trying many ineffective medicines we pears, is evolving towards a type with nine pairs tried Veno's Lightning Cough core, and gave her three of ribs, through tile disappearance of the first doses shortly before going to bed. She did not cough and the last two. With this curious evolution of once that night, and now she is quite well and going the human structure the neck will become longer shoot as usual." and more mobile. The prospect, remarks Ella Veno's Lightning Cough Cure can he got for 91d., Hepworth Dixon in the Sketch, is somewhat dis- , is. 1,3c1., and 2s. 9d. a bottle at any chemist's. quieting, for it is not everyone who finds an ab- normally long, wiggly throat attractive. Who was the humorist who declared that, after nine Local Oddfellowship. inches the neck became monotonous? It is fears The fortnightly meeting of the" Loyal niendship young man of fashion (if . ful to contemplate thao vhoeuight of the collar which Lodge, No. 1087, was held on Monday at the Blue {vhiellreb7s,oreacinuyrsuchr in the year 3.000, or the num- , Lion Inn, Market-place, when there was a good attend- hers •of rows of pearls in the dog-collar of a ! ance, including G.M.T.G. Litton, P.B' Joseph Perry, debutante of the same year. !P.P.G.M.'s Longshaw, Pennington and Meacbin, P.Cr's TO-DAY'S RECIPE. 1 peacock, Woods, Bridge and Burgess. Bro. Penning- 13nArsEn Tosoug.—Place a fresh tongue in a ton presided, And Bro. Richard Illidge was in the fairly large stewpan, cover with boiling water, ! vice-chair. After the usual business the Chairman and simmer very slowly for two hours. Remove ' called upon Bro. Longshaw to present a framed emblem the tongue from the water, skin it carefully and of the Order to Bro. George Wood for going through role pot cut a quarter of a pound of salt very attentive to his duties, and he hoped be might trim the root, place it in an earthenware dish the chairs.— Bro. Longshaw said Bro. Wood had been or casno dice,, ' and put round the tongue, also pork two carrots, one onion, and a stick of celery, also be spared to go in for district honours.—Bro. Wood cut into dice. Pour over some stock, cover thanked the members for their beautiful present and closely, and Wife slowly /or two hours. Turn Bro. Longshaw for his good wishes. • h of the vegetables, the gravy thickened garnish ! once after cooking an hour. Servo hot, with a and sharpened with vinegar and chopped capers.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR AGAINST CONSUMPTION.

A unique effort for helping to stay the scourge of consumption has been devised by the Gentlewoman. This enterprising journal has just received exclusive authority to publish in Great Britain and the Colonies a series of Royal artist postcards reproduced from original drawings ,by the German Emperor, tho late Queen Carole of Saxony, the late King and the Queen of Portu- gal, H.R.H. Mathilde Princess of Saxony, Prince Eugene of Sweden, Countess of Flanders, Archduchess Joseph of Austria, Princess Leo- pold of Hohenzollern, Princess Waldemar of Denmark, Princess Feodora of Schleswig-Hol- stein, and the Princess of Vendome. The idea seems to hare originated with Queen Carole of Saxony, and the effort is international in its scope. An eighth part of the proceeds will be set aside as a donation to some English charity, a further proportion being paid to a charity for the cure of consumption in the native country of each Royal artist.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
HATS AND THEIR WEARERS.

Some girls can wear the maddest hats and look both sane and charming in them, declares a Globe writer. One of our young actresses, for instance, is in the habit of wearing a helmet composed of ermine planted anyhow on her lovely fair hair. Again a noted beauty of our aristocracy wears a turban composed of the breasts of some Brazilian bird, the feathers green and blue and purple, the tints shoaling into each other in a marvellous fashion. From the front of this toque issues a treble plume, consisting of pen feathers, the shortest of which measures over a quarter of a yard. On some women this would be eccentric indeed, but on the beautiful fair-haired woman who adopts the style the effect is perfect. But alas for the poor Brazilian bird! A SMART SHIRT BLOUSE.

Very smart and effective- is the neat little shirt blouse which forms the subject of •our sketch, as well as rather original in shape. Down the middle of the front runs a plain little box- pleat, which is flanked on either side by a deep tuck, edged with a line of machine-stitching. Beyond these tucks come shaped pieces of the

' , / .., , . . i t, i , ' \ 2t , / t . r .... 4.0 ... i '\ \ I 1 ti.- / ' a''' \ ' .'t• \......, 11, , ,c 1 aro

===== 0002601_19080307_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
'N r rll 130„Ti br :

===== 0002601_19080307_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
HERRISDALE.

By MAARTEN MAARTENS. 14-uthor of "Her Memory," " dod's Fool," " The Greater Glory." "An Old Maid's Love," "My Lady Nobody,"

"Simply because I do not love you," she said. "There is no other reason?" "No. What other reason could there be Lord lierrisdale?" "I don't know." He kicked awkwardly at the grave; before his feet. "You—you might have . loved someone else, you know. I should have lilted that better. But I haven't any business to sneak like this. I beg your pardon. I hardly know what I'm saying. It's awfully hard on a fellow. Of course you can't help it. I beg your Pardon again." cone else." she answered, "who wirinl make aTtea you soamfar better wife than I. "But I wanted' to marry you!" He cried out the words in a voice of smothered raim They were standing before the house—het ather's country house—in the warm, wet July ielvening, with the heavy light all around them *oat comes after violent rain. The storm was 'Mr; the shadow of its waters lay massed upon Ereensward and foliage, and across the cloud- token sky. the sweet smell of the rain her words fell like ice-drops, upon his heart. "I am 42, Very sorry. You do me too much honour. If' woman would be proud to accept what you he could." sai, "ler: is one thing more I should like to rae-1" Ile answered, hurriedly. "Will you let I am very rich—" LAII the ice froze firm in her face as she turned "Mrds him. tt 1)0„4 °,ll don't understand," he continued. a. "'seq. "You don't know what I am going to " Don't look like that at me, please. I aen't going to say that I wanted you to take sse for my money. Please don't think me as big a Psol as the others do." don't," she tid, humbly. "I mean, of r urse, I don't think you are a fool at all." She 001ted up into his hot young boyish face. They e'tn'e children, both of 'them, that had not fifty /ears to divide between them. "What I wanted to say was this. Let a fellow saY it and have done. I've got heaps of money, Lsd a big position, and all that sort of thing. Why, I've got half-a-dozen livings. What is a Pap like me to do with half-a-dozen livings? 'ye always had all that money, ever since I re- rrliriber, and I've always been Lord Herrisdale. Well, I've made a beastly fool of myself. I beg Your pardon, but it's true.'' "Don't beg my pardon so often, but say ex- !letlY what you want to say." She stopped pick. Ing at the rose between her fingers, and looked' etr.aight into her companion's eves. b' Well, I'm only 'Tommy,'" he answered, rimPtlY. "You know that everybody calls roe tt yes.:„ I've never been anything more than 4ommy.' Fooling my life away, just doing a emtnY. Tom-fool!" He flung the word say. ~Ye,lv at himself in the sadness of the sinking "And I thought that you might make something more of me than 'Tommy.' Not of for my own sake, mind. But I thought you neht take the—the--what dye call it?—respon- h ilirY, and do something with it. There's tbse.clreds of people dependent on me for happiness. And you like that kind of I,7,t'sg, I see, down here. Lady Bountiful, you I don't mean any chair. heaven knows. t"'oP kitchens, and parish councils, and the liv- Inge, and social work and hospitals, and all that e°„2't of thing. I—I—no, let me speak. I'm not utgL of a speaker; I couldn't start again. I 3,011 tothink I should ever have ventured to ask talkit marry me—you! you!—only I heard you slowiaa,el""ot the mission of the higher classes Could, aile' and all that you'd like to do, if you to d that the Duchess of Birmingham ought o and does She la d ell that ir n't—and I thought: ie could o tatorptebd., , she were Lady Herrisdale!" lie inn.nanting. She could hear tho breath uphis great square chest in gasps. '0 sorry," she repeated, gently, though ate tom, d the stupid word. "You are a good Your 11 will rise, in time, to the height of worthZrest Position. And you will find a woman te share it with vou." had +he, I shan't rise," lie replied. "Even if I th 2. goodness. I haven't got the brains." I.ctld not answer, for she could not say she 'im,ut he had. ways just Tommy,'7 he said. "I shall al- thou r Just/Tommy., I diidn't mean that I the_lrt you could make anything of me. It was of, foe Position you might have made a deal to tr tloeught. Well—no wonder you don't care Still 4waho•s-e stood silent, watching a couple of of airyws that swept low across a pallid depth „"There' (tied, th smy uncle,' the Bishop, now! If I i trigage4o ttle'd go to him. He and his sons are deine In all sorts of philanthropic work, be heir duty from morning till night. Die! ' hrokthe best thing I could do. by Jove!" d's- e into a laugh. "Never mind. I shan't father Aly health'a first-rate. There's your . cool, ;out on the terrace beckoning us to 'ath t;eune Preste ign looking up saw her Shee.' old Sir Michael, malting signs to her. dotthicess not afraid of the damp for herself, but Widow3l afraid for him. The only child of a lorN. I.`Z, her father's health and happiness had Viidetrr.l her foremost care. Now, also, she 'Come gently for thus exposing himself. Presently-7 the drawing-room," she said, "and Lord4ll sing you something." listened, Tc'rrisdale sat in the shadow and With h; 1-4tter, he came and turned the pages tretrabig' healthful fingers that had never ‘‘Catlipt* ?anal° • -rme," said the old man, stopping, loto 10 hand, by his daughter's door. "Come wanTstY,.roorn for a minute. There's something ' Ile Le 843'2' dromin moved nervously to and fro before his ff"table, unnecessaril3 shifting a bottle or is daughter coughed. bi"Berrisclale Is a delightful man rn?" said Sir Michael, suddenly. * , ,08! father, I like him very much." that, sank heaven for that! Thank heaven for `"Kate, my dear little Kate, that disposes ...,!! My trouble." elmw RO, father? Would you mind eiplaining ? " Michael faced round. "You knew that -:"l,rlionev difficulties," he said. ::-4ea Certainly. I thought—" vriteut: not that I was ruined." C.--ne." Catherine leant her band on the ~ink-table. "Do you mean to say—..—" Pale mean to say that I am ruined. That is all. eolles I can get a mortgage of £15,000, this Will be sold over our heads." hero Tie (house? Oh, father! Why, you were leer ! 11 grandfather was born here. Well. now I (fe,t the £15,C00. I shall get them from

You like

, riled pale, with a presentimont of ahead. going to lend you the money?" ask him to. I couldn't have &Aired it

strtruger, tor tile imam Iv not •wortri so mum more than the sums I've already raised on it. Besides, the interest I could offer is inadequate. But I can ask ...ny son-in-law. Lord Herrisdale is going to make you an offer of marriage to-mor- nr.v morning, Kate. He asked my permission after dinner to-night I gave it him, of course, but I told him to wait till to-morrow, as I wished to prepare you myself." "He has caught me unprepared," sprang to Catherine's lips, but she only said: " Well?"

"As- you like him, ot course you will accept him, and all will be arranged for the best. Catherine, you cannot realise how happy you are making nae. The anxiety of these last weeks has been almost greater than I could bear." Catherine came close to the old man and stroked his hand.

"Poor dear father," she said; "how like yoa to keep it from me. And I, who thought it was only your gout!" Sir Michael's voice trembled with emotion. _

"Do net let us speak," he said, of an aw- fulness beyond imagining. Catherine, I couldn't have survived it. Thank heaven, the hideous dream is over. Herriedale will be only too de- lighted to do me a service I could-have asked from nobody else than my eon-in-law." "But, father," gasped Catherine, sinking down on a chair, "surely, in „any ease, he would gladly lend you this money?" "I should never have demanded it of anyone but my son-in-law." He drew himself up. "The loss it involves is but so much less of inheritance to you, Kate." "You would never, on any account, have asked it from anyone else than your son-in•law?" "Never. But what is the

"No use at all. father." "Good-night, and God bless you, child." When Catherine came out on to the terrace next morning before breakfast the glories of a perfect summer day were deepening on a perfect English landscape. Amid the gentleness and fruitfulness, prosperity and plenty, a few notes, se of gratitude, went up from time to time in he balmy, golden-tinted air. High up in the blue empyrean a film or two of heat hung still. "I am leaving after, breakfast," said ilerria. aale, coming up the 'terrace steps. For a moment sh hesitated, then mho oasimoolm —Don't go yet." tie startea; tne 0010112 played across his ruddy cheeks. "I wanted to tell you this," mho oontintiod. steadying herself against the parapet. "You— you must forgive me. I have been considering all• you said last night, and if you are willing to take me, such .as I am—"

"You love me!" burst from his lips. Then: "No, no, I don't mean that. But you're willing to give a fellow a chance. Oh, Miss Presteign it's most awfully good of you. I can't tell you how good it is. Thank you, a thousand, thou- sand times."

He took /up her little hand in one of his laig paws and timidly kissed it. Unresisting, she let it lie. She was grateful to him for his modem- tion in asking her so little. Yet she felt that she owed him the truth.

"I told you last night," she painfully began, alternating 'twist pale and pink, "I told you that I did not love you. But I esteem you—at least I—l like•you very much." "Everybody says they like me," said "Tommy," ruefully; but immediately his voice grew bright again. "I couldn't expect you to 'esteem' me," he said, good-heartedly, "and as for 'lova, well, perhaps it'll come in time." She held out her hand to him without speak- ing, and this time he manfully squeezed it. . "You will make something of me," he, said. "You've saved me. -Do you know what I said to myself as I went up to bed last night?" "What was it?" "Tommy, you may now, in all conscience, go honestly straight to the dogs, I said. Dearest, you have saved me from that." They strolled up and down the terrace for a moment; then they went in to breakfast, and the happiness to two in that little party was a touch- ing sight to see. Imrbediately after breakfast the successful suitor solicited an interview of his prospective father-in-law, and Sir Michael, having first be- stowed his blessing, lost no time in reverting to the business side of the question. "Bless you," he said; "make her happy. She is a treasure, Herrisdale, one of the few trea- sures I have left, and I bestow her upon you." Big Herrisdale looked at the comio little keen- featured, powder. haired gentleman opposite him, and wondered whence sprang the so-called daughters of the gods. "And as to that little mortgage I alluded to the other day, not that it is really worth men- tioning, perhaps, only what must seem a trifle to you is to me a matter of vital importance. I—l hardly like to trouble you with such an insignifi- cant scrap of business—still, business is business, you know, my dcar boy." " What is it?" asked Herrisdale. a little stiffly. "I want a mortgage of fifteen thousand pounds on this estate." "It must be worth a great deal more." "I am sorry to tell you that it is mortgaged for as much as it is worth."

"Where?" said Herrisdalc. "I don't pretend to know much of business. Sir Michael, but I am aware that you can't mortgage an estate beyond or,,up.to its value."

" Why not? " replied Sir Michael, smiling. "It all depends--does it not—upon the mort- gagee ? " "But what a fool he would be " said Herris- dale, bluntly. "Yes, or, you -know "—Sir Michael smiled more sweetly still--" he might be very willing, particularly willing, to oblige? " "Oh. of course he might," said Tommy. Sud- denly he stopped. "Sir Michael," he said. "I shall be very pleased to take this mortgage, if you will let me have it ? "

"My dear boy. rather you than any other," replied Sir Michael, with effusiveness. "I am glad it occurred to you. Most certainly. My solicitor shall arrange it all for us. You have no especial predilection, I presume, about the rate of interest?"

He looked a little anxiously across at the young man, whose eyes were straying after a white figure in the garden. " Oh, no, the usual rate," said Tommy. Really, I hardly know what the usual rate is between father and son. But my solicitors will settle all that. Now, don't let me keep you any longer. You are eager to join Catherine, .1 know." " doee

Stop a minute." said Herrisdale, Calherine know anything of this?" "What do you mean by this '? " "Does she know anything about your difficulties? 'or about thia—j-this loan?':

money

"I have always spared her •as much as pos- sible. But she is a most affectionate daughter. I should have wronged her had I not accorded her a share in my anxieties."

"She has known then—long?"

Tommy's voice sounded husly. He still stared out of the window at the figure in the distance, white against the green. .

"No—not long. I have spared her, I tell you, as long as I possibly could. I have never told her anything .until she had to knew it."

Lord- Her-risdaie turned round. hr Last night?" he said:

You told

"What on earth do you mean?" exclaimq Sir Michael frightened by the other's expression and voice. "You told her last night I " cricui Load 4Jer-

are the world's most reliable cure

I 1 .Irlll/41a tri:4l% t •••••i.,...4',V........,Z, 111111H- ' 1 1, 111 i 1 t..,t il iii 1 -4 ' .. -,L'i ' a h , .. - 5....,„_,,,_,,.. s • F 0 ~..„. . . i i , . - i t / . 4---,--_- • a -PK,---_-= .4.-...,. a• t-:7-7 L.,/ , 1,1•.•• :: • ___...----- - for Influenza After-Effects, Biliousness, Indiges- .l,... tion,Constipation, Piles, Headache, Pimples, Bad Blood, 7=-- cst-Tk, Skin Eruptions, Dizziness, Fainting, Palpitation, Bad Corn - = --- plexion, Anmmia or Bloodlessness, Female Ailments, Liver - ,-k,..-='_-:1•• _ eN, ,a F and Stomach Troubles, and all that dangerous weakness left by Winter er 7- ; •tYnd keenly felt in Spring. Sold in sealed boxes by all chemists, --- il'4. ..., , z and 2/9. (2/9 box contains 3 times the ifri size.) , •!:''' i '-- See you get "Charles Forde's" Bile Beans. "The kind you i4l have always bought," .., ~ . . - ,---z .., ''il,`!:ti 11111111§11111111111111111111E11111111111111111111111111111111i11111111111;111M111111111111111111111111r4;',:,' .

===== 0002601_19080307_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
mottle. !or tne love or lfeaven: I want to hear if you told her last night? Say that you told her last night!" . "Herrisdale, I cannot explain your manner. I cannot allow you to speak to me like that." " You have answered me," replied Herrisdale, bitterly. "I understand now how sho came to accept a duffer like me." HI, walked out of the library and upstairs to his room without another word. There he locked himself in for a couple of hours; then he rang ior his valet and sent this man to fetch anothet aervant, Sir Michael's butler. Then he locked himself in alone for another briefer period of silence, and then—a report rang through the silent house and shook the summer sky. The valet, leaping up the stairs, was the first to enter, but what the valet saw all the others saw a few minutes later. Lord Herrisdale was stretched on the floor with a bullet-hole in his left temple. On a table, signed and witnessed, but also enclosed and scaled, lay what proved to be a freshly made will and testament, or, rather, a codicil, bequeathing fifty thousand pounds of the dead man's private property te Catherine Presteign. _ _ _

' ass END.I

===== 0002601_19080307_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL. THE MEDICAL iiiiPECTION OF SCHOOL CHILDREN.

Opposition to Education Committee's Scheme.

THE ALLEGED IRREGULARITIES IN THE

SURVEYOR'S DEPARTMqff.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening under the presidency of the 'Mayor(Alderman Smethurst)jhere was also present :—Aldermen A. Bennett, John 95vans, W. J. Forshaw, W. Pierpoint, D. Tinnion • Councillors, T. H. Ashcroft, J. Ball, T. Barton, J. Broadhurst, T. Cbantler, J. G. Craik, E. Cuunington, J. Dickenson, James Evans. J. Hawthorn, Dr. Joseph, J.T. Looker, J. Lord, J. J. Nield, J. Pemberton, W. B. Roberts. W. Rogers, J. 'Sankey, H. Singleton, J. Skelland, T. S. Steel, J. Fulton-Smith, F. Stott,O. Toole, W. J. Wilson; Messrs. J. L. Whittle (Thwn Clerk), A. T. Hallaway (Deputy Town Clerk),J. Fairhurst (Borough Treasurer), J. Deas (Water Engineer), W. S. Haddock (Gas Engineer), F. V. L. Mathias (Electrical Engineer), F. G. Ruddock (Borough Analyst) and Dr. J. C. Hibbert (Medical Officer).

===== 0002601_19080307_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOROUGH AUDITORS.

The MAYOR announced that Messrs. Laurence Bolton and Ebenezer England had been elected the elective auditors for the borough. He had appointed Councillor Wilson as Mayor's auditor.

THE MEDICAL INSPECTION OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. THIS PROPOSED NEW APPOINTNIENTS.

Some discussion took place on the Education Cora- mittee's minutes with reference to the medical inspec- tion of school children under the Education (Adminis- trative Provisions) Act, 1907. Councillor EvANs,chairman of the Health Committee, moved an amendment that the minutes relating to that question be not confirmed. He pointed out that the Board of Education bad issued a memorandum and recommended that the education authority (not the Education Committee) "should use to the utmost extebt the existing machinery of medi d and sanitary I administration," and" that the work should be tried I out in intimate conjunction with the public health authorities and under the direct supervision of the Medical Officer of Health." Since the passing of the Education Act the Council had given considerable attention to the work named in the memorandum, and for which the Education Committee wera seeking to I make provision. Since the appointment of the present medical officer and since October last, all the elemen- tary schools of the borough had been visited, and 688 children had been medically examined.' More than that, with their present staff of officials, there had been paid during 1037, 2,588 visits to the homes of scholars who had been reported by the Educa- tion Committee as being away from school in conse- quence of illness, and those figures 'id not include the number of visits paid on account of notifi- able and infectious disease. The medical examination of children was not a question of education, and was a matter outside the province of the Education Corn-1 mittee. The Health Committee believed that the medical inspection of children would be more efficiently and economically conducted by the organized staff under its control than by setting up an outside or inde- pendent department, or by the appointment of special or independent officials. The Medical Officer of Health did not approve of the proposals of the Education Committee. It was true that he reported on the suggestions made to him by the sub-committee of the Education Committee. ~He reported as to the best way in which their recommends- tions could be carried out. He did not report in favour of them. On the contrary he had previously reported to the Health Committee that, in his opinion, the medical inspection of children should be placed in the hands of the health department under the Health Com- mittee. Since the introduction of the (Education Act, and prior to it, the staff under the care of the Health Committee had been considerably increased and perhaps never had the inspection of the town generally received better attention than that at the present time. (Hear, hear.) They believed that, under the supervision of the Medical Officer' as the requirements of the Education Committee became known, there could be added to the staff of inspectors all that would be necessary, either in the appointment of an assistant medical officer of health or in some other economical way, to efficiently carry out the work of the borough. (Hear, bear.) The education rate was becoming no trifling matter. (Hear, hear.) lie was beginning to feel that they could not afford from time to time to pass the Education Committee's Minutes, in which sums of money were involved, without some notice being taken of them by that Council ; and he I said most emphatically that, looking at the economic side, the Health Committee was the channel through which the work should be done. Neither the Health Committee nor the health department was antagonistic to the Education Committee. Their desire was to work in harmony together so that the objects of the Act might be efficiently carried out to the advantage of the children whom the Act had intended to be benefited by its good and useful pro- visions. (Hear, hear.) Councillor LORD seconded, and said the initial expenditure would be from £3OO to £4OO, and the ' matter could be worked in conjunction with the Health Committee. Councillor STOTT bad no fault to find with the work of the Education Committee, and no one admired it more than he did. He was not going to complain that they had spent too much—in fact, he did not think they had spent sufficient on the lines he could indicate to the Council. He supported the amendment because he felt that the work named was really the work of th) health authority. The new Act said that all children attending elementary schools should be examined, not might be, at least at three periods of their school life, and that meant that during the present year no fewer than 4,000 examinations would have to take place, and next year the number wo2ld be doubled. The work could not be done withonen assistant officer and one or two officials in addition. The work must be taken in lband even if they had to bear the whole of the expense by local taxation. He believed that the whole expense of education and medical inspection should be borne by national taxation, because the areas least able to bear the expense had the heaviest burdens. The Govern- ment— Councillors SINGLETON and ROBERTS objected \to remarks being made about the Government. Councillor STOTT : r am not talking of the Licensing Bill. The MAYOR : Let me conduct the meeting. When Councillor Stott is out of order I will stop him. I have the Town Clerk to advise me. Councillor ROGERS : He is talking about the Licensing Bill. (Laughter.) It should be the ' Educstion not the Licensing Bill. (More laughter.) . .

„ Councillor ROBERTS : ItlS an Councillor STOrr I was not speaking about the Licensing Bill. The MAYOR Keep to the subject and make the speech as short as possible. Councillor &row said he bad been trying to create a public opinion on the subject to influence the Govern- ment to pass legislation on the lines of the Bill they wore now considering, and the matter was, therefore, of great importance to him. He was more concerned about the .cork being efficiently done than as to who should carry it out. (Hear, hear.) If any attempt was made to shelve the work he should do his best at the mc 2tings of the Health Committee and Council to push it forward.

Councillor PEMBERTON said it was evident that the Ilealth Committee were the authority to look after the medical inspection of children, and the Medical OfScer was the best man to supervise the staff engaged. He had a grasp of the homes and the Public Health Act was behind him to remove what required to be removed. In a borough like Warrington, with their education rate, they ought to have more relief from the Govern- ment.

Alderman TINNION said .£5OO was provided in the Education Committee's estimates for the cost of medical inspection. He suggested that the sum should be reduced to £3OO.

Councillor EVANS said he should also suggest that reduction. Councillor FULTON-SMITH said there had been a great deal of tilting at wind mills. In the first place it was assumed that the Education Committee was at variance with the Health Committee. (Cries of "No, no.") There was not a greater mistake ; and he (the speaker) could put the question in a small space. A great deal hung on two words used by Councillor Evans who said distinctly that the Health Com- mittee could carry 'On the projected work both efficiently and economically. Well, then, he (Councillor Fulton-Smith) was sure that every

member of the Education Committee would support him in this—that if the Health Committee were pre- pared to bear the brunt of all the expense of medical inspection (" Cries of No, no" and laughter)—the Education Committee would have no objection. He defied any ordinary man in business to read the regula- tions of the Board of Education and put any other meaning on them than that the work was expected to be done by the education authorities, and that the Board should receive all the reports from them. That was as clear as daylight. The Health Committee had no dealings with the Board of Education as a com- mittee. Why was it that the Medical °Moor did not tell the sub-committee that the work could be much more cheaply done by the Health Committee ? They had the doctor's signature to the report to say that the was bis opinion and his advice to the Education Com- mittee how to carry out the regulation of the Board of Education.

Councillor Evan rose to a point of order. He could not allow that statement to pass. He clearly and dis- tinctly pointed out that the report Dr. Hibbert signed was the report of the special committee and not the report of the education authority. Dr. Hibbert signed it as the best suggestion on the lines named, but not on the lines they were debating that night. Councillor PtILToN-Bitrrx asked that if that were so why did not the doctor when he gave in the report, put a qualifying clause to say that he had already reported to the Health Committee that he did not approve of that? That was the difficulty they were in. He did not think it was quite fair to the sub-committee to be treated in that way. They were business men, and expected to be treated in a business way, but he would certainly recommend that the Health Committee meet the School Management Committee as a body and dis- cuss the question, and, at the same time, ask the Board of Education to send down one of their head officials who had charge of that particular department, and apply for the best means of carrying out their injunc- tion not only economically but efficiently. (Hear, hear.) Councillor EVANS : I submit that there is nothing in my amendment to prevent that being done. After a little further discussion the minutes of the Education Committee were approved with theexception of those relating to the proposed Assistant Medical Officer and the Education Administrative Provisions Act, 1907, which were withdrawn for further considera- tion. _

The minute of the Health Committee relating to the question was as follows :—" The Chairman laid before the committee a proposal of the Education Committee to appoint an assistant medical officer, and health visitor, for the purr mes of the Education (Administra- tive Provisions) Act, 1907, and the Town Clerk advised thereon, when it was resolved that the Town Clerk be requested to write to the Education Commiitee intimat- ing that this committee strongly objected to any such appointments being made by the Education Committee." This was approved without comment. THE SURVEYOR'S DEPARTAENT.

COUNCILLOR6kANTLER AND THE ALLEGED • "IRREGULARITIES." _

Councillor CFLANT-L-Z-11- a special com- mittee be forthwith appointed to inquire into and report to this Council as to the irregularities in the Borough Surveyor's Department, reported recently as being over RBoo.' _

The MAYOR pointed out that the Paving and Sewerage Committee had had the matter under consideration several times, as had also the Finance Committee, and now both those Committees were 1--riting to get all the information they possibly could. Councillor CHANTLER said he had no desire to impeach any person or to cast doubt on anyone's integrity. He only wished to remave the impression which prevailed, that they were trying to hush the matter up. He had asked questions on the matter but could learn nothing but that particulars would be given —in fact the man in the street could tell him more than he knew about it, although he was a Councillor. The time had gone by for asking gut -tions and it was now time for action and plain speaking. He objected to the Council being kept in the dark so long. It was high time they had full particulars of how this lament-031e affair had happened, and how it had been possible for such defalcations to r ise. All honour was due to the relatives for the part they bad taken, which was the only redeeming featly() of the case. He objected to officials havirg to act in the dual capacity of workers in the depart lent and investigators, for it placed them in a false position. There must have been a terrible lack of supervision for such a case to have happened. Councillor LLYSNINGTON seconded.

Councillor ttoGzits said it was plainly understood at the last meeting of the General Purposes Committee that the matter should be thrashed out and a full report given to every member of the Council: On Saturday evening he received a letter from the Ratepayers' Astociation asking him to be in his place to support Councillor Chantler. He thought that was a great piece of impertinence. Ho was not sent to the Council by any association; he AU sent there by the ratepayers generally, and he was not going to be dictated to by any association.

--ao-u-nllfio-rwaitOnauTs said he received a similar letter. He hoped the Council would reject the motion because the matter was under enquiry. He considered the motion was simply an attempt to hit two officials. Councillor CframEn : i object to that. Councillor STorr suggested the withdrawal of the motion in view of the investigations which were in pro- gress and the fact that an exhaustive report would be presented. If Councillor Chantler was not satisfied on the production of that document, then would be the time to introduce the resolution. At the same time Councillor Chantler was to be complimented on the moderate language he had used in submitting the reso- lution.

Councillor ASRCROFT said they were promised a fall report for the next meeting of the General Purposes Committee and he thought it was bad taste to bring the motion forward that night. Alderman TINNION then gave a detailed statement of the procedure in the matter up to date. The Paving and Sewerage Committee was making as thorough an investigation as could be carried out by any Special Committee and there eould be no intention to shelve the matter. He was prepared to bring the report before the General Purposes Committee and.if possible every member should have the opportunity of a personal explanation of any difficult points which arose by the Borough Treasurer or Mr. Woodcock. Councillor PEMBERTON said this was one of the gravest matters which had ever come forward in War- ington. The Borough Treasurer was dealing with the financial side in preparing his statement, but up to now nothing had been said about the amount of material that had been taken out of the yard. All the Borough Treasurer could do was to find what was in the books, but he wanted a deeper investigation than that. Some people who appeared to have a great anxiety for the name of the dead were, in his opinion, trying to cover up the living. The MAYOR said they had got the bills and details with reference to materials supplied. Councillor PEMBERTON said he was referring to cases where there had been no bill and he was prepared to substantiate what he had said. He pressed the motion because time was going on and it was giving people an opportunity if they chose of arranging and covering up things so,that it wduld be almost impossible to get to know.

-The MAYOR said he could not sit and listen to Coun- cillor Pemberton impugning other people. Councillor PEMBERTON said three years ago in com- mittee he had condemned a certain system as being rotten and now a life had been lost through it. There were other people implicated in this. (Cries of "Name"). Councillor Pemberton said he did not fear to give the name if the Council wished it. The 3IAYon : Does the Council want the name ? (Cries of" Yes " end" No.") Councillor PEMBERTON 'I do not wish to make it public unless you wish it. Alderman BENNETT said he was sure both committees were anxious to get to the bottom of the question and the resolution was premature and unnecessary. Alderman PrEnrorsr said he was sure every member of the Council would credit him with desiring a full and exhaustive examination, but at the same time he felt„the motion was premature. He appealed to the mover and seconder to withdraw it. He was endeavour- ing to do a public duty and, although at times it might he painful, he was prepared to put his feelings on one side and do all that he could not only to find out the defalcations but the system which had allowed them to take place. Councillor CHANTLER said he would withdraw the resolution although he objected to the interpretation some members had placed on it. The matter then dropped. THE HIPPODROXE. . - -

At a meeting of the Watch Committee a report pre- sented by the Chief Constable on the management of the Hippodrome was referred to the Town Clerk and Chief Constable... _ .

The il.a.voß said there was not the slighest reflection on the management, it was merely as to the means of exit, pass-out checks, and one or two other little things —matters of detail.

The minutes were adopted. / INCANDESCENT MANTLES. THE LIGHTING OF ST. JOHN'S WARD.

Councillor Sj'mr asked the Chairman of 'the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee: Has any saving been effected by the use of incandescent mantles in the public lamps? and if so, would the committee consider the advisability of using incandescent mantles throughout St. John's Ward, where the lighting is of a most unsatisfactory and .insufficient character?

Councillor EVANS said the number, of incandescent lamps in each ward was about as follows : Town Hall, 158 ; Whitecross, 117 ; Bewsey, 90; Orford, 103 ; St. John's, 44 ; Fairfield, 108 ; Howley, 96; St. Austin'e, 142 ; Latchford, 188 ; totitl, 1,046. The small number of incandescent lamps in St. John's was due to there being very few main thoroughfares, which were always attended to first. With regard to the cost, it was about the same for an incandescent as for an ordinary lamp. The Gas Committee had baen dealing very kindly with the Lighting Committee, and so ear had charged nothing extra for the conversion of the ordinary into incandescent lights. A resolution had been passed that the whole of St. John's %Yard should be lighted with incandescent lights: Sy it EET-MAKING. _ _

On the minutes Wig Paving and Sewerage Corn- Imittee coming up for confirmation, Councillor DICKENSON asked when a number of streets and passages in Bewsey Ward would be proceeded with. In one, he

said, there were lakes of water 3 or 4ft. deep, and the other week a child was only rescued from one just in time.

_ Alderman Tuszsios said the road partirmlarly com- plained of was not a street, but only adjoined one, and therefore the Committee had nothing to do with it. He promised that the streets mentioned should have early consideration. The MLYOII. said PIR Health Committee ha:: sent notice to the owner calling upon him to abate the nuis- ance caused by the pools in the road referred to by Councillor Dickenson.

The minuted were approve& TOWN HALL EXTENSION.

With reference -Co t10E.5-p7la—tis—i-o-r—the-P;op-osed exten- sion of the Town Hall to acconimratte ell dein rtinAnts of the Corporation, Connlillor STorr asked if the Gas Department wonld he included. The Ala:iron : Yes. THE IkIh.REISTS.

Councillor Itonsus moved that a minute of the Markets Committee " that the rents of the stalls abutting on Peter-street be increased to lOs. per week" be not confirmed. The people affected, he said, did not hold stalls, but displayed their goods on the ground. They were paying es. 3d., which was the lime sum as was charged to the people using the adjoining stalls. The increase was abominable.

There was no seconder of the amendment, which fell to the grquador- CouncilloTEVANS explained that the rent of the two end stalls abutting on Peter-straet was already lOs., and the committee wished to put the intervening stalls on the same footing. Councillor ROGERS intimated that if that was the case, he did not object, as he previously understood that the people who would he affected were those who sold goods from the ground and had no stalls.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A PROPOSED GRATUITY.

Counoillor S TOTT drew attention to the fact that no reference to a certain resolution carried by a majority at the last meeting of the Water Committee appeared either on the public or private agenda. He contended that the Standing Orders ought to be adhered to. Councillor Loan supported the protest as a matter of great moment had been entirely overlooked. The TOWN CLERK said the resolution which was first of all submitted was not passed and it was not usual to pat anything on the minutes of a negative character. No resolution was passed. Counoillor PVIBERTON I resolution to vote £5OO away is important enough for the Council to know. Councillor SToTr : There was a definite resolution passed by four votes to none. The Tows CLERK said it had been the practice of the Council for the last thirty years not to record anything of a negative character. Councillor STorr said the suggestion was made by the Toren Clerk that a gratuity should be given to one of the chief officials. A resolution was moved and seconded that the question be not entertained and it was carried, four members voting for it. There was no resolution that a gratuity should be paid. The Tows CLERK said he did not propose that a grant should be made to anybody. He merely suggested it to the committee and they agreed not to do it. That was a negative. However, it was not too late to record the matter on the minutes if the Council wished it.

The matter theit dropped. SMALL HOLDINGS.

At a meeting of the Small Holdings and Allotments Committee applications for allotments having been received from Edward Lees, Thomas Howliston and Walter Byfleld : resolved that the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee be requested to allow a portion of Victoria Park, not at present required for publio pommies, to be temporarily used for allotments. Councillor PEMBERTON said he believed a great many people in Warrington would like small holdings and the committee ought to make greater efforts to make publio the benefits of the Act. Councillor Novo said the matter WAS receiving the close attention of the committee and they ware making immediate provision for the allotments applied for. It was, as yet, somewhat of the nature of a test and they did not know whether the idea would be taken up seriously in Warrington and the suburbs. The TowN CLERK said the difficulty had been first of all to get the land. The minutes were approved. THE LOVELY LANE SCHEME. •

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee a letter was read from Lord Newton's agent refusing the offer of £5,000 for land in Lovely-lane. Resolved that the proposed purchase of land be reform(' back to the Education Committee, and that the following mernt 3rs be appointed to confer with that Committee on the question of providing a site in Lovely-lane or inc more suitable part of the district :—Councillors Ashcroft, Barton, Broadharst, Cunnington,Dickenson, and Rogers. Councillor Hawn:forty hoped the cOramittew wotod take into serious consideration the advisability of com- ing to terms with Lord Newton if possible, as the site was the best in the district for that purpose. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Golbarne-street Baptist Church.

New Pastor's Settlement.

Sunday MIS a day of particular interest to the workers associated with Golborne-street Baptist Church, as the Rev. R. E. Letheren, the recently appointed pastor, who comes to Warrington from Kingthorpe, entered upon his new duties. He occupied the pulpit both morning and evening and his discourses createda power- ful impression, for he has a very clear and incisive style of delivery and knows how to lay down home trusts in a manner calculated to appeal to all his hearers. At the morning service his subject was " The pastor's purpose" and he took for his text the words: Colossians i. 29, 29. " Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every mania all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus. Whereunto I labour, striving according to His working, which worketh in me mightily." To preach Christ, he said, was to bring all life—social, commercial, political—in all its parts into a living relationship with life's Lord and King. In the evening Mr. Letheren faced a congregation that fairly filled the chapel. His subject was "The Pastor's Plea" and the text, 2 Car. 1 ii. " Ye also help- ing together by prayer for us." 'He said he proposed to speak of the relations that subsist between a con- gregation and its minister and that both text and sermon were a plea for his people's prayers that to both might be granted grace and wisdom to fulfil them. lit was intensely interesting to notice how in tho open- ing paragraphs of his c zrlier epistle the Apostle seized on figure after figure to try to express his conception of his work amongst the Corinthians. He was a gardener, an architect, one of God's fellow-workers,a minister of Christ, a steward, a father. His work called for an intelligent conception of God's plan, fellowship with God in the fulfilment of it: it could be realized only in dependence on Christ ; it was a great trust: a most intimate relationship with men. Mr. Letherea then passed on to speak of some of a preacher's purposes and plans, his ambitions and aims. The chief business of a minister is to preach. He must do many other things but this first. He desired in his preaching to prove a winner of souls; and as a pastor to bring his ministry into line with the life of his people yet always so as to lead it along the high levels of the life with God. They might reasonably ask that preaching to-day should be instructive, he would like to say educational. That its ideal was not" intellectual repose " but the service of God with the understanding as well as with the spirit. That preaching is barren and worthless which has no other object than to excite a transient emotion or gratify a vagrant fancy. It was his impression that there was a deeper interest in the Bible to-day than in any days since the Reformation. He agreed with Dr. Forsyth who in last year's Yale Lectures on Positive Preaching and the Modern Mind" suggested that there was a demand for the exposition of the Bible, inter- preted by the life of its own times and applied in its changeless force and freshness to the life of to-day. He would endeavour so to preach Christ that his people would abide in Him by faith and love and loyal obedi- ence, and to develop in himself and them the excel- lences of the Christian character. His preaching would be ethical for"though there may be morality where there is not religion, there cannot be religion where there is not morality." He would cease to enforce public duties since human life in its breadth and length belongs to Christ, and citizenship must be christianized. Above all his prettobing would be evangelical, and his evangel the present love of a living God. Having thus dwelt upon what might be expected from the minister, he went on to ask what he might reasonably hope -for from the congregation. The test suggested that first of all they should pray for him. He did not always live upon the sunlit hills, he had his valley of humiliation, his hours of darkness. They would help him by a spiritual attitude as to worship. That it was sometimes said that Nonconformists went to their church to hear sermons and not to worship God. Here are no painted windows, no sensuous music, no historic liturgy, the externals sitnnle even to plain- ness that their approach to God might be the more direct. That Free Churchmen might be the worst of sacerdotalists if they thought of their minister as a priest who did the worship for them. A preacher's position called for their sympathy. When the sermons seemed to have no points or its points were blunted, when his speech was heavy and his thought light he was far more con- scious of it than they were. Sometimes they might not agree with him but he besought them, so Cromwell wrote to the Scots, to think it possible they might be mistaken. lie appealed to their trust and confidence and that they would appreciate all they really could ; to tell him their difficulties ; if he couldn't solve them he could sympathize with them. Be brotherly, he concluded. Let there be no cliques in the Church. Let minister and people be men and brothers. Let our brotherliness break the bounds of our Church and attract men to our fellowship. Let this Church he loysl to Christ and a lover of men for whom Christ died. So shall this relationship upon which we enter to-day, concluded the preacher; be a blessing to us both and to this town. May God's guidance of us be made manifest br His blessing resting upon us from this day forth.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL

By " Ovalist"

Hands off ! Warrington can still say " hands off to all corners for the N.U. Cup. They hold it at present and they do not intend to part with it except to a superior force. Halifax had an idea they could settle Warrington's pretensions on Saturday, and if the match had been at Thrum Hall they might have done so; but on their own patch of mud Warrington are invincible, and the blue and white forces were routed by 11 points to 7. There were some very anxious moments before the issue was settled, and the losers quite upheld their reputation of being one of the best cup-fighting teams in the Union. Formerly, Batley were the acknowledged champions of cup-tie warfare, hut in the last five years the honour has rested between Halifax and Warrington. Now the former are out of the hunt it looks as if Batley and Warrington may once again have a big influence on the competition. Both are well in ihe running and are playing at the top of thir form.

The game at Warrington on Saturday underwent some Raleidoscopic changes, and many a faint heart palpitated with undue excitement. Halifax twice held the lead, but fortunately when time expired the margin of points rested with Warrington Had there been another quarter of an hour, there is no telling but what the Tykes might have been ahead once more. They had the pleasure of scoring first through a penalty goal by the expert Little, but this moderate success was their undoing. Warrington responded with irresistible dash and some brilliant work in the Halifax quarter saw Fish and Dickenson each put on tries within five minutes. Thomas ought to have landed a goal from the second but failed badly. Still a lead of six points to two at half-time was very satisfactory from the point of view of the home supporters. The second half was opened in a fashion which 'suggested that Warrington were going to sweep the board. Halifax were quite outplayed. but some remarkable defensive work by Little, aided by a s'ice of luck, kept the line intact until nearly half the time had elapsed. Warrington were looked upon as certain winners when the unexpected happened. The usually safe Taylor dallied with a punt at half-way, and the ball was charged down by Joe Riley—the most pertinacious and dangerous player in the Halifax team. He had a long way to go. but the five yards start which he got sufficed, and Riley finished a magni- ficent dribble over the goal-line. One point divided the teams when Little took the goal-kick, and a groan of anguish went up from the dismayed Warringtonians when the ball was seen to dodge the near post and swerve inside. A. point still divided the temns, but the boot was on the other foot.

-]-. -

Halifax now played like giants refreshed, whereas Warrington seemed to have collapsed like a punctured tyre. They blundered and made mistakes which nearly brought further reverses for the next quarter of an hour. It was odds on Halifax winning the match after all when Fortune smiled again on War- rington. Dai Thomas missed a catch, Watkin dribbled through and the speedy Jenkins snapped the ball up and scored behind the posts. It was his first try for Warrington, but it was worth every penny of the Newport man's signing-on fee. The crowd wept tears of joy. Jenkins nearly had a paroxysm in mid•field, and G. Thomas calmly placed a goal which made the issue secure. True it is that the home line had two now escapes in the closing struggle, but all's well that ends well!

There was little to choose between the teams. Halifax scrummaged rather better than Warrington, but were beaten in the loose where Heath and Belton did some fine dribbling. Hilton was the best half on the field, with Brooks a.,good second. Lloyd did all that was expected of him, and showed considerable resource at times. If he could only get the ball out quicker he would he a class half-back. He has certainly imprgved very much in the last few weeks. Halifax had to play second fiddle to the home three- quarters who combined excellently and really won the match. A most brilliant movement which took the ball over the line in the first ten minutes was nullified through Fish having stepped in touch —a very near thing. Watkin and Dai Thomas were both a little weak on defence, but the Warrington man has the credit of Making the winning try possible by a clever dribble. The two full backs both d4stinguished them- selves on a heavy ground, but Little hardly kicked with his old-time power.

The draw for the second round was made on Tues- day and is as follows :

Barrow v. Bramley ; referee, Mr. H. Edmondson. Broughton Rangers v. Wigan ; referee, Mr. R. Robinson, Bradford.

, Batley v. Wakefield Trinity ; referee, Mr. E. Tonge, Swinton.

Runcorn v. Warrington ; referee, lir. W. McCutcheon.

- - Leigh v. York ; referee, Mr. H. Farrar, Keighley. Aferthyr Tydvil v. Whitehavea Reei ; referee, Mr. F. Turner, Warrington.

Hunslet v. Oldham; referee, Mr. F. Kennedy, Broughton Rangers.

Hti-11 v. Salford ; referee. Mr. J. H. Smith, Widnes.

Having already beaten Runcorn twice this season, and unce at Runcorn in a Lancashire Cup-tie, War- rington will have confidencs in their ability to succeed on Saturday next. They cannot grumble at the draw, seeing that Oldham have to co to Hunslet, Wigan to Broughton, and Salford to Hull. All the strongest clubs are thus penalised in a manner which their weaker brethren will consider poetic judgment. I expect to find Warrington in the third round. They have one advantage over most visiting teams, they will have as many supporters at Runcorn as the home club!

===== 0002601_19080307_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEAGUE,

Warrington returned to League football on Tuesday when Bradford were visitors. Warrington i played the full cup team and gave a display which was remarkable for accurate combination and speedy I running. Taylor and Dickenson never played better They completely scattered the opposition and helped to run up a score of 4 goals 7 tries (29 points) to 2 goals (4 pnints)—about the biggest licking Bradford had ever had from Warrington. Watkin played an improved game with Taylor's coaching, and may yet distinguish himself in the ranks of the Cup-holders.

The League table up-to-date is as follows: For. agst. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. ' Oldham - linnslet • 25 19 5 1 66 64 324 28 44 188 78'00 Sal fOrd Broughton Wigan 26 17 8 1 56 96 400 29 31 175 6710 Batley 27 18 9 0 52 65 299 37 52 230 6666 Hull R. Halifax Reighley 25 15 10 045 57 263 47 44 226 60.00 Warrington Wakefield T 25 14 10 I 52 77 337 44 58 264 5800 Bradford 26 14 12 0 40 54 248 37 73 293 53*84 -Hull 27 14 13 0 49 66 296 29 48 232 5135 Barrow Ftutmorn 95 12 13 0 22 54-206 2043 175 4800 Dewsbury 25 11 13 1 41 48 226 31 56 240 4600 Rochdale Huddersfield Leeds Leigh Swinton Yferthyr York 23 7 16 0 34 44 260 55 67 311 30.43 - St. Helens 24 6 16 2 25 36 158 46 94 374 2916 Ebbw Vale 2l 545 1 15 24 102 39 63 287 26.19 Widnes 22 3 15 4 16 34 134 41 61 265 2212 Bromley

Warrington should improve their position in the League again to-day when Hull pay their annual visit. ! They beat Warrington at the third port on the last ' Saturday in the old year when Lees received the injury : which has kept him out of the team ever Since. But ' • alLradKn'S n al PILLI ere warraaLeo '.l 04,0, in either at Wilderspool they may be expected to succumb to ' the prowess of the locals. The match with Hull is sex, Urinary OserrantrsedGrtacreleoanntidtitptinon.ail. dtfr.!:e<bb,s4r,g,,,ts Pframf from often one of the best of the scries for open football, Mereuryy. Estatinshect noweras of 3:; years. In .boirarls. 51. and a sparkling exhibition will be looked for this satin, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors througt • on the world, or sent for sixty ststnpo by the ino.x,rt. The afternoon. • i Lln cola and Midland ()aunties Drug Company, Lincoln.- - ; Advt. The home team will only have one change from last TO MOTHER/L-lAm WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been Saturday. Tilley was hurt on Tuesday and is taking used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their the car-tie next week. Jordan ill a rest in view 0 children while teething, with perfeat success. It will relieve f. w CI the vacancy at full back. Team :- Jordan ; Fish, tpbreodni poor sufferernt,natural a l immediately. It It rieslteiasbganttbteo telt:item: iar on! Dickenson, Taylor and Watkin ; Llovq and Brooks ; Ma sal the little ci,rue awl:kris?'" as ..iri4 ii, AI a onscoul .TIIOMAS, Jenkins, Shugars, Belton, Naylor and Heath. o all chemists i.e. lid. —Advt. _ - l

The "A " team has an important combination fixture with Leigh Shamrocks away, arid a very hot t POSTE R PRINTING side has been selected. Jenkins is expected to; Plain or in two or more colours re-appear at half. Team : Bramball ; Landor, Isher- 1 • to make a bold and striking wood, Cartwright, Tinkler ; Jenkins and Daintith ; . display on Hoardings and walls. A. Boardman, P. Boardman, Kettle, Forster, Fairhurst, and Banner. . EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080307_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ,

===== 0002601_19080307_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ri;t: ,I;*‘-i4

===== 0002601_19080307_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
GIRL'S NECK IN rEARfuL SHAPE

Eczema Made It a Sickening Spec- tacle—Worst Case Father Ever Saw—Treated for Weeks by Doctors—Grew Worse and Worse.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PERFECTLY CURED BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

"I have much pleasure in letting you know of the remarkable cure of my daughter of eczema. It was the worst case I had ever seen. To see her neck was a sickening spectacle, as you could see nothing but sores. We tried differ- ent kinds of ointments, but to no effect. We also had her under the care of two doctors for several weeks, ancj they gave us ointments and powders and ordered us to take off her ordinary clothes and keep on her night dresses, but to no avail, for where we applied the doctor's ointment it broke out worse. At last we gave up the medical men and tried a box of Cuticura Ointment, and after using part of same we could see a differ- ence, so we persevered with three more boxes of Cuticura Ointment. She was perfectly cured. Since then we have used Cuticura Soap and she has now a nice clean skin. P. Crowther, 62, Chell St., Longsight, May 29, 1906."

===== 0002601_19080307_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
GROWS HAIR

Removes Dandruff and Soothes Itching, Irritated Scalps. Warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap, and light dressings with Cuticura, the purest —ld sweetest of emollients, stop - falling hair, remove crusts, scales, and dandruff, destroy 'lair parasites, oo the irritated, tching surfaces,. timulate the hair Alleles, loosen the ;calp skin, supply ;he roots with en- ergy and nourish- ment, and make the hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else fails. For all purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery, Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment are priceless. Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin. Cut - cora Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticara Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the 13Iood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London. 27, Charterhouse Paris, 5, Rue de La Paix: Australia, R. Towns &Go., oydney; Potter Drug, et Chem Corp., Sole Props. ON-Post, fx ee , Cuticura Book on Skin Diseases.

scant_ i t fol sc LI

===== 0002601_19080307_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
1111 • ,

H ORLICK'S AA MALTED MILK

(IN POWDER FORM). THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. In 1/6, RR and 111- Softies Easily Digested. Quickly Assimi

lated

SOLD EV 1021'1V11 17Re. st I. 144., 2e. 9d.,48.6d., I 4 us. Otbridgefs LUNG TONIC, woßtesir.

FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. ASTHMA, Htc

• it: sS • (81.0u3H, Bus.) it

===== 0002601_19080307_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
SARTONS CLOVERS

ARE THE BEST AND ALSO THE CHEAPEST. PURITY AND GERNIINATION CUARANTEED.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
GARTONS GRASSES

ARE THE BEST AND ALSO THE CHEAPEST. PURITY AND GERMINATION GUARANTEED.

For further particulars of these as well as of other kinds of Farm Seeds, including our distinct new breeds of Oats, Barleys, &c., see our large Illustrated Catalogue post free on application.

SEED EXPERTS & GROWERS,

WARRINGTON.

mom

===== 0002601_19080307_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt eranuner &tries

OP MINK-HIM NNWSPAPHRSI COMPRISES : VHS WARRINGTON b AITD-OHICSHIRIi BIEAMINHN. 1- published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lamm, Acw being he of the Largest and Bst Weedy Papers in Lanca. pre and Cheshire. The district (swore(' by this Paper corn- lilies large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance - lire and NIA-Cheshire. rrHE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday A morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and otters the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. 'FHB WtDRS BXAMINRII published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the lorgest number of Chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is ea pi Dv growing centre of in iustry. rpi EARLBSTOW N AND NEWTON published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing. the News of Bariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock. Lowton. lc. The district thus Innriavi 18 8 in )3t imp srtadt ni.rt or the Lancashire coal - de. rrIN ST. HRLIINS REAVIINTIR, published everY Saturday morning, circulating in tit. Helens, Present, Parr, Sutton, Pemslay Orora. ac —the centre of the Glees. ChemiJa and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAM ADVTATISEMENTS. PA tV(3 7T; WANITEC•••, IioUSB37. WANTED. &PARTMENTS TO LET. H WM TO EENOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES Foust). MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Rix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks, Weeks. 18 ... Os. fid. ... Is. Ed. ... 2s. Od. ... 3.. gd. 27 „. Os. 9a. ... Is. 10a. ... 33. Od. ... ss. oa. 36 ... Is. on. ... Es. Rd. ... 4s. Od. ... Se. Ocl. 45 ... In 31. ... 3s. la. ... 6s, Oa. ... 7s. 04. 64 ... Is. 61. .„ Es. M. ... Bs. Od. ... 10e. Od.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Dome* goerbantg, etr.

WARTRO good ITRIVRRia. —Apply GPAPFEI NOTICL, Thnrntnn , neßr nrnAhr,

WA WTI4 n, GRNNR AL. O-5;2 recArenc,3N recialre 1.-11r1 Pwol Motel, Blaekbtrn.

Tir•wl-FM. PHA'4I3I4R-WAIT). affe 2() to 2.—Apply SWIFT'S, R%ilwav rt. Alickbqrn.

NVANTIan, nnwrasTre 911RVANT.—Apply, 12, DiwrrALL Gnslt+ RD., Bryn, Witelin•

WAv111) T. nooK-fIRRRRAL. ro 3IrcICLETHWA/T, Cre.we Cott44o, VrePlinVorl. Crew".

WA NTH ito,d GRA RR A L tor restaurant. —Apply Fir WALRY, Vtßine,trief. Hotel,

WANTED. a SlOnd Glircigß L EIRWANT.—Mrs. WooDwARII. Jnbile Inn, TylAPelev, Mitnehamter.

CODORS, NOINBMILInB, and GIifeRRALS wANTBD gond wagos.—CHADWICIC. R, Harris et., Rochdale.

W4.741'140, gittrition .te conx Rngtlish, Ree 40; wimes £2B to £3O.—P., le, Fratrem et . Ardwielk, Mancho,ter

ARTRO GIRL, elegn, Active, about IR, as Housemald TV Waitress. —Lnrromtpr, Harrop rd., Hale, Altrinebam.

VAT ANTS!). strong GIRL fnr resp.ntable Country Inn. V Apply hirs.PIRDtR, wan inn.PpncllAnn.novsr Oilthlrne.

WANTRD, once. all elaftiea of Dovms re SERVANTS.—GREET‘WOOD. Reg Nary. Stanley st., Bury.

lATANTRD. gnoc, (MT, Omit 17 to asofst with home work. Small familv.—Address 6, Silver at., Bury, Lanc.

WANTIPM, thoroughlr-rxprrienced GRNH q 4.T, tor end or February,—Apply, J. W. BRIDGC, " Wellfteld," Accrington.

NvIC ANT D, x Der i.nop 4 NIT t) TA RH At-V Rts Apply GARvoCK Houss, thviley rd., Whalley Range, Manchester.

NIVANTIIP, floOrm-rlgqn!Rkt, able to hatro ; refer- eneee requlre4.-4.pn!y littro.ReAneassor, Greenrnount, Beaten, Bolton.

T ADY, nnoke-v gni 14111111. v SoIRK3 POW!', Tomm4hire or I, Prince's ay.riti., Diclsbory, Mnncheater.

NVANTBD surerinr fiRTIRRAT,, rrond reference. Family tom. nn o%jection, £lB to suitable maid.—tre. /Nome SMITH, West Kb bv.

WANTRD, ott one., I,oll{{-rivq,???Ar.. ; nurnn kept ; voßgas £lB tiA.RvET, 423, MAriehoster Droylsdm, Manchr,stAr.

WANTU) frernedlarelv 8.v.r41 vend GIVTIMAGq, only einerteneed *errant& need appl7.—Mrs. TURNIM, 41, Beaforth rd., &Worth.

Conntry GRNIrt lit, for Otrmhonv4 ; Rood wlce.6 for anitAbtA pnrson.—nrs. G. GLOVER, Kirkby Hall, Kirkbr, Liverpool.

fIJ ANTI4I) b litr.rmh 24th, aptrnic.iblA WV ri#4,4l to chtldrPri,—WorarstmErt, Covey Green, Priory rd., Anfiel.t, Liverront.

WANTRI), fermi rivorgßAL SERVANT ; three in fmnilv en mfortahTa ho•oe.—Mrs. (Dr.) HARRISON. Stone! eV House, MneeTey. Vanch• ster.

QIIRVANT9' Pit6TSTl39.—Wsntel Fervants, all d.sc•Hp- -1.--1 Mrs.—Apply Mrs. MART, Copptce rd., Willaston, Nantosteb. Stamps ror repltes.

WANTIIrI. In Anrct, Axofir+.nosi COOK-MINIMAL. for fFirnily a two ; goorl roferewes reqolrei.—Apply to TILE Klntt,

W MErqn, anni CiRisTRRAL, ahie to wash wanted for anothe,. maid kept.—Mrs. BRLDT,' Moyetev. whiteflabi Wewrinqton.

WANTTeID, otrong GHl9l4,tkr, able to plxin nook and we.h ;nochildren ; fßocile lone; good lenges ; refer - nee requiren.—A HoTgr.. Nvde.

WANTRT). good Servant.; of all rlasees for London and diatrirts. Aare., paid to London.—AppTy Madame 13vnicr, RIO TN-Iv:ware rd., London, W.

WA.VTICD rPoneetWe SlfiVATirT ; no waßhlng ; holo ; ron,l Res ; r.ferAnoes Yet:mired. —Mrs. BLANIrr, 3, Ohnmbres r 4 , Roothport.

NVANTRO, exnPrieneed 14017814MATD-WAITRW49. Three mode kept, Ilfmt be zoorl *Doer elelner ; refs.—Mrs. ZONES. Areee Grenge. Oheec

WANYTM, Irnmedlatoly (sew BrIobton). cnolcs, Cook- GAnertio. Horu.emnlis. anti Young Girls El 2 to £20,--14R, Svi 13. max RD., theard.

WANTRI). (fINRAL SVIIRVANC • one biv; wood reerennes repoirwcl.-o.polvtv leh,n• CEDAR HOU sz, 22. Painting rrl., '37lthineon. Manche.ter.

WAFITIM good GANIRRAL BRRVANT. For Fyne!' romitv, good hrme And wliges to willing girl.— Mn. Joime, 45, Welton rd., Hare Led.

itif OTHERS' IMPS, Maid.. Generale. Cookg, Wittrereee, kr. geo,yl homes formri ; write all particulars.-26, WILI.OwPAIA RD., Mot sley-blll Liverpool.

NIVrANTRD, PLAIN COOK ; litOe housework ;no washinv ; housemaid nod nurse kept. —Apply, by letter, 0 Mrs. JAcitmou Soatell. Windermere.

thoronghlr expert,meed GIRL, as superinr General ; goo/ nlaln enok ; referenees ; wages £2O. —Monate, RReemere Park Peeles, Manelles'er.

NVANTRI), HOUSEMAID ; over V) Preferrel. Needle- woman. Fond of children. Churchwoman. RlB. Mrs. llowtsvnvir, Stretford Rectory. Manchester.

WA !grill) good 6RNFRAL for small Farmhouse; no millang.—Anpiv stating wages required to W. GOODWIY, Stddington Corn WI, Chelf,rd, Crewe.

WAIRTEID, COOK-MINBRAL, 25 tg 30, four in finnity, adults ; no washing ; good wages to suitable person ; good references required.—Apoly, 36, CHABIDREEI RD., tiOnthDort.

WANTRD, for Buxton, DArbvshire, CHAMBRRMAIDS. Hotprrnald-waltrreqeo, Bath and Laundry Maid, Cook, Genevals, Resident, Laundress, Ste.—Plumit's EHOISTRY, Buxton.

WANTHD COO R 4(, Hotsemsl NI, Generals, Yonng girls. Some Maiter and Mietress only. Good Wages. Fares psI.I.—BOTTOMLEIre, 181. Morley st., Bradford.

WANTBD, trustworthy COOK-BBL; also young Housemaid for family of two. nood references. State age and wages eXpeeted.—ST. CLFMENTe RECTORY, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

WA N TKO, at once, COOK-GICNI4NAL ; age about 30; good wages given. leo HOCTIEIHMAID-WATTRWIS. wanteil.—Apply 151r8. Moßms, Knight's House, Appley Bridge, Wigan.

WANTED for Perste House, swam ide, experienced fERAL ; good plain cookine ; small family; comfortable borne; references required.—GßlMlll, • Venture," Hoylake, Cheshire.

;i7 ANTRD good and plain COOKq,Waltressee, Housemaid VY Waitresses, HOUSPIIIRide, Kitchen, between, and Perionr maids. nuperior Generale.—Mrs.BED'. Select Itelistrv, Rusholme, Manchester.

ANVIL), a honest and respectable young GIRL, to Vi assist in Beerhouse; most be Ririe to do housework when required • must have good referenem.—Apply, WELLTNGTON IMP, 'Stand lane, Radcliffe. Manchester.

"enAPB fa hipsiinsOrN, BraOrproeol;i"thS.ervants' oldestlVl established 4i4n, Blaskrool. Wanta Servants with references, for Hotels. Boarding and P, irate Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Telephone 0637.

MISS ISIDDLNION. Old-Ilstabilsbed REGISTRY, Opposite Renton Norris Station, Stockport, WANTS IMMEDIATELY COOK-lIOUSRKERPER, capable, a good manager. Thorough Plain COOK', £26 to £3O; good situations. BOUSSMAID-WaITYINcE, £l5 to £24; Nurse-Housemaids, COOK-GIiNHRALS, good situations vacant. HOUStatall7-3/IWINGVAID, knowledge of dressmaking Recommended Situations vacant for 30 Superior 41111ARSALI all duties ; good wages. MISS MIDDIATON WANTS a SITUATION in Warrington lore Superior GIIINSBAL; £l7 to £lB.

Bomeate &trbant6, etc

WANTBD, at once, good MINIMAL, 25 to 30 ; character required.—Apply, 48, Patti RD., Blackpool.

WANTBD GIRL, about 17. to help in kitchen and make herself generally useful. —Apply ANGEL HOTEL, Macclesfield.

WANTED at once, good HMI MI &I D- WAI MISS. arso Cook-Gensral. must blvs good references.— apply OLD RED LIOW HOTEL, Burley.

Ons, Voultrp, ett. '

NDIA GAME /COGS from my prize Pens, 4s. dozen.— GREENWOOD, fdanswood Farm. Wimborne.

DI LAMS& send poer-card for price fist of finest selected Eggs.—JAmEs MCGARDLE, illewblisa, lrelind.

STEW-LAID EGGS. 380 box, 31.. carriage paid ; regular 0 supply the year round.—Dawsos SMITH, Hereford.

BLACK LEGHORN EGGS, for early hatching, from choice birds, 1011° dOZOII. lie E. MARtilirrT, Dial Home, Stockport.

UGGB from very heavy croakehred docks, 24. 6d. per sitting. Li —SEARLE, Vicarage 'House, Bdingtou. Bridgwater. Eomerset.

GOLD D WYANOTTE{ EGGS for Sale. Preston's strain; ss. 61 psr 'nth:lg.—Apply W. and J. H. HEYS, Mount Healey, Rochdale.

DUFF OISPING CON EGGS, Cook's noted grand birds; fit LP for showing ; 31. 6d. sitting. —sl.anastE WILLIAMS. 317, Lord st., Southport.

SFLAN CID LAYING PIILLNT, 3s. each, 6 and cook 20s: Sure satisfsction given : crates free. —BELL, Fancier, I, Coburg rd., London. S.P.

GREINI) first cos 136}GS for hatching, Rock Orpington, and Leghorn Wyandotte, 21. 6d. per aitting.—Miss HENLEY, Beaton Ross, York.

11W-LAID IfGGS, direct from the farmers; guaranteed .1.1 fresh ; wholesale quantities ; p.lees cooted.—W. Bow, Albi House, Goboweo, Shropshire.

LIGGS FOR SITTING.—Prize strain, Golden Pencilled Li Hamburgh, eln. dozen ; PeAlgree Plymouth Rocks, 41. dozen.--IC. PRI4TIT Cr.. Ps ton.

1414313 from Champion BARRIO) ROCKS; have won 200 prises and honoore; 38. dozen ; unfertiles replaced. —SAND, Park Fle'clo, Press, Sa'op.

WHITE LIIGHORN BOGS, Hunter's strain. sitting's 3s. 6. , carriage paid ; unfertHes replaced —J. BIIIIGEBB, Mon Bridgnortn.

WINTIM LAICISM, hatch now; Black lIIIIORCaS crand birds; marvellous lavers ; large eggs ; 2s. 6 S. dozen.—CLaXTON, Thorndon. live, Suff 41r,

OttrINGTONi, Cook's immanent winter- LA laying strain. Splendid Labia birds ; 21. 63. dozen.— LOCKLEY, Upland's Cottage. ShUna!, Salop.

VGGS.—Pure BLACK MINORCIA4. Big birds, fit to LA show Wilcock's strain. Good layers ; 2e. Bd. sitting. —GonstaLL. Shaw's Farm, Longridge, Preston.

11D&RTRIDGB LRGHORNS, the new, beautiful and hardV I variety'. Unrivalled winter lavers. Bggs Is. each. Birds for sale.—Rev. J. /Wilk, Walton, Brough, Yorkshire.

Aitodiantous, nOales,

1 ADISd Costume Clotho byds., bOin. wide, 76 6d, patterns. free.—Dzmun aCo Morley.

STOOK POSTHRS for all trades, eatelodue tree.--Sra.nroaD ft Co., LTD., Netherfield, Nottd.

t IHAMPAGNIS PINTS, maenad-head, state quantity and li prtee.—Tayster a Co., Vernon rd., Lee&

re_g6iT'B OXYDI*BD WATCH, keyles4, good timekeeper, ki 4e. 64. W. H Baxter Ave.. bouthendmn-Ses.

DtcHfLlSts Be.NIfiiIISD By "lleadum," post free, 9d.— VZIITAIt M.F.G. Co., Oulton Broad, Lowestoft.

TIVOLI AIIfOMM IC MA.CHINBi, nearly new, 30s. each; bargalna.-23, LANGHAM PLACE, Northampton.

50 Finest Ivory Visiting Cards printed, 7i., name and addrees.—Pictaaa, Beauchamp at., SOckpirt.

rrYPISWEIriNG from 6d. 1,000 words. Deplteatiog,le.Eld. _L IGO coplee• —GILBERT, 211 Edgware rd., London.

LIE W to becomo a Qualified Physical Mduoationalist. ' Post free, P.O. 7d —MTH°, Publisher, Coalvllle.

3/ DOZ. BEST LAN CERN gLIDES, x 3. Any sub- I jeet.— INDOW riTtINING Co., Alfreton, Derbyshire.

STABLE WlSDoll.—Betting men want the best info:ma- tion. Write for partieulare.—WlMCEß. PleW, Stirli,l4.

Ip..lll6ALlS.—Vlolin, bow, ease, L.:a. 6,1. oplendld Vtdul E Can't repeat.—Franne, Watchmaker. Street, Somerset.

J 1 011111-31ADIll BREAD.—niI instruction', send eight stamps, AvhatA. 19 Redatock ri., ledirfleld, Liverpool.

CAN YOU DRAW ? Aif so, make money by it. Bklet, V disc., U,Red Lion square, High Holborn. Lo

B&BY'S Long Clothes Outfit, 17e. 6d. ; approval.— I) VD =ANS. 244 Finnelet rd., Leeds. Establish.d 21 yesrs.

AA IldlC.—" Orvetoris, V 015."," undar q•mil Pnt•onAtie 01 h. 7d.—ART Co., 11, Gladstono ri..Glead less ,9heffield

lifitacitaneous, On eateg, etc

6 QOOIIiTY v. 8001&LISII,'3d., post frer, 3id.—HltBLir I.3AD DziaLztee, Publishers, Bzeter.

VOR Prime old Yorkshire titsidi rnd New-laid EGGS.— STZEL k Sore, ()Ash Grocers, Pooklington.

MAKI' a Vying by expo.lng Socialism. Full particulars, 6d.—ALLEN, 40, Worcester at., Gloucester. A TI.A.IITIO 0011PeTITION.—Larrs Picture and Coupon, 11. le., p..st free.—Wis.m.ens. 430 lessee rd.. London.

CHEAP PRINTIDG. 1,000 Handbills. Is. 101 (lards, Hatbands, lE.—Hammy, 208 Trandleys rd.,fientford.

OMB. Broken to Ride. Bomb httentiou.—Partlaularet MoihaAw, Bei House, Greenhorn, Newbury, Barks,

rcIIMSOCK from the Bmerild hie! I Lovely bunches I k.l Boxes, 6d., le., 21., post free.—COLLINS. Gladstone it., Waterford, Ireland.

Q ALL —Several Gravel' 60s. watches new, taken for debt; k 7 275. 63. each, returned If eold.---DArtg, Jersey V files 1:110 it., Old Hill.

PO3TOARDS from your own or any Phosograph. 2e. per dozen, 25 for 3s. 6d. Stamp photos. Is. per dozen.— HOLTSDRN. Letchworth, Herts.

Ir A./WM STOCK 811ver-moontid Carvers. One set se it LI any address on receipt 4s. datiatactim guaranteed. RIDER. 8, Grove rd., Maidenhead.

ISUDLEI and S&TIONILL Double, P.O. 53 Seven IA octuslonal one horse wires el I.3.(with double incluled). —Saaswooh, 72 1ii413 et., Radian!, surrey.

Iwo, Commercial, outlaw) pald ; wrftlac, copylucsoszliet 3 10 oz. bottles 23. 9d., 20 oz , 4.., 3 samples Id. stamp.—ARKTzTT, Derrizigharn st., Hull.

rllllll CCiNt 111011 DIAL ADVIOII BYLP. are prewed to assist an i rivise trede•invn or private people in difficulties.— Call or write to SZCHIITIRT, 66, Borough rd., B.E.

MARE YOUR OWN OAP.—to6 Outlay. 3) poonda Pore White Soap coots 10d. Recipe inatruotiona orwarded, 11. —Mom, Hornbrook, Ohisleburet.

SPHUIAL Stable Information ot Horse running at Sandown March 6th. Defeat ignored., Saud 38. 61. at once for genc..—Roaaate, 25, Derail rd., Richmond, Surrey.

I/attic:4, Opareo, toartling 00tabg.

tjo ABISHY HYDitO, ISIA OF tdAN.--ileel winter IL residence; extensive grounds, golf, billiards; brine and otber baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

531partment5, furniqbel) 3Dousts, Szt

A PARVIDiNTS or Superior Lolgino for on o- two Gents, no children, terms m)der.ste.—l7, LEGH gr., Warrington.

XTORTH WALll4.—Bosrd-liesidenoe offsred in home of 11 trained nurse ; terms snoderste.—Mrs. INTLLusre, 4, Llimberis rd., Garnarvon.

111IRLEY, near Crystal Palace.—Furnished House, /1 2 reception. 5 bedrooms, bath ; 355. wee;tly. —J. H. Ilannors, 116, Croydon rd„ Anerley.

T LARFAIRTALFIATAIM.—Farmhouge APARTMLINTS, _ILA near fishing and post office ; excellent for gaiter.— GRIFFITne. Talhalarn Farm, Llanfalrtalhalarn, Abergele.

Ruttultural lan:Mutt, Vlants, Szt

SH ALLOTS. —0 re' nci sernple, 71bo. 25., free oe rail ; buy from growers.—Svcrumrsos's, Seedsmen, Leicester.

SERD PO O TATNS.—Up-to- Oates, new seed from 90 tai last year; also Store KILSHiLL, Culoheth near Warrington.

SHEW POTATONR. All the beet known varieties, silt or dark soils, write for price list.—lf. AEIMITROXG, Spalding Linos.

50 P4.CKE4I'3 Hotne-erown PKIZR 81311iDgi, Flower or Vegetable, post fre,, 18. ii„re+tts wanted.—SllTTOtee LTD., itotntord-r.., London.

Vouses anb VL anb on ale.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19080307_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

111

~! 4.;.:

===== 0002601_19080307_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Utiantai.

A MINTS Wantsct for Live Stock end In-foal Mare Insur- ance.—MilrAara, !Mote Chambers, Peterboro'.

OYCLISTS WANTRO as energetic agent., for sale of reliable eveIee.—ADVANCE CYCLE WORM, Walsall.

WANTRD, District Agent, by Manufacturers doing retail trade.—AGENT, 5. Byersley rd., Charlton, London.

GENUINR Home nrot spare time Ifrnploymeot.—Send stamped address, " SIMPLEX." 83, Harpur et., Bedford.

WANTED. YOUNG. GIRL as HELP; good home; no children.— Ptrevis, 6, Sarah 0., Hnrstead, Wcbdale.

( )LD HAIR-STING wanted; best price given; I pay earriage.—HasnLicv, Bag Merchant, Mirfleld, Yorks.

A GENTS WANTED to Nell itubber Stan:mt.—Write M &NU- L). FACTURES. 68 Raetnry Grove, Clapham, Lorvlon, S.W.

500 FARMIIRR, Navalea, Domestics wanted Oanada Fare £4 before 31 March.—Manulinr, Auctioneer.

Strabane.

O.HAUFFRUR GROOM (age 25) seeks, attnatioe. Certifi- cated bat. Cbautteurt, 144, Church at., Kensington, London.

WANTBD an APPRENTIO 4, age 16,unuanal opportunity all found, indoors.—HAMDBESSER, 1, littehln it., Biggleswade.

WANTIM a SMART LAD as Apprentice to Painting one with aliffip experience oreferrect.—Apply Box A. 8.. " lixamlner "Office, Warrington.

riOX'3 DUTROTIVR AND 13A.D.DIT'i OFFICEC, MS, High N../ rd., Tottenham, London. Confidential inuiries under- taken; rents 'it'd dehti renvered In sir, district. -

WANTRD to Purchase ail kinds of WASTE PAPER for re-manufactare ; market prices pAid.-11. and A. RICHARDSON. 746. 64. City Garden Row. London, N.

GEINTLIIIMAN reqniree Plapil to learn farming In Canada. Small preminrn, board with family, bleheet references. SMALLWOOP, Stanley MOWN Potter'. Bar. Mildlee.x.

WANTI4O.-014 Silver, Mina. Miniatures, Nnamels, Ivories, Snuff Boxes. Curios. Jewellery, anything Antique.—BAßßtaGTort, 63 Foundation st., Ipswich.

JJipm I Yon want an Appointment Sanitary Inspector, 2100 to EMS : postal lessons eon:mewing or Liverpool exam. ; fee 255.--tiItUSHENS, Sanitary Expert, Sunderland.

WANTBD:----To rent (with ontion of purchase) small Dairy Farm. near good residential to wo.—tppl y Box 53C0, 0/0 SEURROW & THATCIIwR, Holborn PI., Lonlon, W.O

T ACB CURTAINS. 2# yards long. hample pair sent for 1..4 Is. ed.—MI.7IMT, Is,Trent Bridge Footway,Nottinghatn. FMM SST AUSTRIAN =BUBB STAMPS with 6.1. packet ; 50 diffe,:ent.—Simp,4ore, 43 western rd., Oxford.

Ati THOLOGY, partner described, health, with years Lt monthly events Is. 6d.. blrthtime.—VEsri. Wemdon, Briegwater.

VOR SLI. Haloes's " History of Lanetentre," 4 vols.; I: perfect condiVon ; £25.--lilrs. WaTaos, Holmrook, Cumberland.

FAlit NOTHING.—Post free, 2s. 64. for one •bore Special,— HARDY, 120, Greenhill ri., 11‘ndsworth, Birmingham.

BIiTTRIt born Incicv than Hen! —Guoky It ma solar days! send 7d. end date of birtn.—GRANGER, 164, New King's rd., Ldndon.

tOOFING Villa 5,000 rolls for lamellate delivery, 25 yards long, 32in. arida, 2r. 94. roll, earti.—Go. POWER. StOCkLOII-011-Teel.

25ri BILLHEA.I3I, Memos, zte„ Es. 3d.; 500 31. 6d. V post free.--6OSIOVIICLD, Cheapest Printer. Shuttle- worth. Manchester.

pATENT POCKET Music or Reading Desk for attaching to Pianos, Chairs, Tables /Sc., ii. 6d. free.—J. RODCRUFT, Edge lane. etretford.

BURN your Garden and Household Hubblati In one or our Patent Deatruetors.—EfOßlFALL DESTRUCTOR CO., LTD., Spence lane, Leeds.

PICTURk POSTOPOIDS.—ReaIIy good splendidly coloured, L different, 40, Ir. ; 20, 7cl. port tree.—CummlNGH, 219, Seven Sisters rd., London, N.

QCorilti TWHEU3 direct; Suit and Costume length. from 12e. ; patterns post free, orders carriage paid. —Dept, 14, WAVICEILICY 'I WFIND Co., Hayrick.

I ADIBc.' 18 carat gold•cased curb bracelet, with padlock. LA wear 5 years; 1.. ed. post tree.—CAIVERSAL SUPPLY Co., 55, Newball at., Birmingbam.

rilllll latest Tooth Powder l—` HYGLSDHINT.' Try a I sample. 6d ; whitens and preterves.—NrE/EDENT CO., 117, Que.m's Crescent, London, N. W.

HOT-GUN, single barrel, automatic ejector, 1. bore Pnglish proved; weight 6 lbs. ; bargain, 29g. BELCHER, 72, Lind rd.. button, Surrey.

MO more dirty water bottles or decanters, Wallies Parent 11 cleans all. Post free, la. 62.--siVacirs, 4, Chepe Place, Be!grave Square, London, S.W.

O(ALD SCOTCH WHISKY.—SIng 13ottle of the ' Delta Blend" can now be sent, post free, for 3.. 6th by ABFUNt (Manx. tdu seelburah, Scotland.

J 3 AZ AR GOODS (Special). Id. and 41. Greatest variety and value in the trade.—BALSON & ALiTTIMVXLIP, Ltd., ',lough Buildings, Gloucester st., Birmingham.

IMPORTANT.—MuIic hone for Piano players, one-third 1 the usual coif; :special offer, Twenty Rolls, El 15.—J. STEPHENSON, Whlteeross ird„ Weston-super-Mare.

B Riding. 10e.; Cycling, 98. 6d.; arnartert .1.1 styles and latert out. Write at once for newest patterne.—HHßßZßTP, 24, Connaught rd,, Liverpool.

RECIPIL 21. P.o.—Hew to make the wildeet horse follow you like a pet when everybody else fails to manage blm.—Lnwrs, Herbalist, Abergwynti, Hlatn, S. Wales.

INOOLN HA.NDIO &P.- Reliable Information. ALL coo- LA are oonlident It will win. Post 3s. 6d. without delay.—C. MORGAN, 54, Albert rd., Kilburn, London.

A" you Rllve to the fact that with £l5O capital you oan cleat £lO weakly (fleeing) ou my practical paying plan? —envelope, EKE. 23 Frogmore Gardens, High Wycombe.

ULM ! —By posting 2s. 6d., we will forward Lad' i Hand- -I,' bag, extra quality, containing Gem Brooch, Bluff °Wis. and Rolled-gold Cuff-nuke- —GonnoN, 2Z Fitzroy at., London,

IGl46.—Slectrlc, Ow Daylight. Projecting, under coat I. price. lixhibition Stock. Any wording arranged. Splendid effecta.—Stoire, 63 Ucruiton it.; Sborealitoh.

a n IV 4.et.

90 LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WOoDS & Sort 1 Solicitors. noreernarket Street, Warrington.

Illebttal

I ORD AMIIIMST'd 4330'l recipe for Rtaeginatimi. 4. free -LA —RELIABLE RECIPE BURPAII, TOUCtO9B, Glasgow.

Fray Derma's BACKACHB KIDNE PILLS; relieve 1- Instantly ; post tree Is.—DANIELS/t Co., 19, Cannon at., Manchester,

BRONCHITIS and Asthma radtively cured, particulars frer,.—Airs. S. HARRIS, Westcroft it., Drogwich, Worcestershlre.

TRY JACQURS NE tiVii PI LIA 6, certain cure for .1 Neuralgia, Toothache, LAl:rena' l Sample boa dd. and is. Poet I ree.-2, CESETHASI ST.. Rochdale,

YOUR HAIR FALLING OUT BHOOMING BALD ! City gentleman's own remedy will belp you. P.O. 56.—G. BENTLEY, 20 Cheap'lcle. London B.C.

cfl ENTLEMAN, Blind for Five Years, now sees to read any Or thing; cured himeelf after every remedy and human skill failed. —Particulars of cure free to all Bye Bulerers, LEGGETT, Elm, Wittb, Ch.

T'"ATOIP!. Winter Beauty, strong plants 2.. dozsn Os, 10) casti.—ST.SUNTOIS, Somers Sur erV, MBlVera.

JOHN WALBgR AND CO., BEwSBY STREET. WARRINGTON Are replete with llachinerall Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. ESTIMATES FREE.

The proceedings at , the EDUCATION BILL annual meeting of the PROSPECTS. National Free Church

Council on Tuesday at Southport assure the Government of the cordial support of the Free Churches in their pending educational legislation There had been some doubt as to the attitude of a few prominent members of the Council regarding "contract- ing-out," but the resolution united all opinions, and Mr. MoKaNwe may now go forward knowing that be has at his back the great volume of Nonconformist opinion throughout the country. None of us like "contracting- out." It is forced on us by the unwillingness of the Church to accept any other solution, and it does at least leave a margin of cost to be provided by the denominations which may, in the future, be a legitimate outlet for denominational generosity and zeal. If, as the Congress desires, we can take steps to secure that there shall be no falling off in the efficiency of the schools which cut themselves off from rate-aid and local control, then, of course, the chief objection which has been urged by educationists against the principle will be disposed of. _ _

But the great thing welcomed on Tuesday was the freeing of the village schools from clerical control.To secure thatthere shall be a non-sectarian school within reach of every child whose parents desire that he should have a place in such school is worth some sacrifice, and if the " con- tracting out " of voluntary schools in areas where there is a choice of school is the price we have to pay for abolishing the sectarian monopoly in. the villages—well, the price must be paid Nobody ever suggested "contracting out " as an ideal solution of the, education problem. It has been arrived at by a process of exhaustion, an if the settlement now offered be rejected, we fear there is but the alternative of secular schools left. The amount being offered to the voluntary 'schools by the Bill is very large, much larger than I they were receiving in 1902, when they were saddled on the rates. It is no secret that the terms are proving attractive to the managers of such schools, for, with 475. per child, and the right to charge fees, they would be able to cover almost the whole cost of education without the necessity for subscriptions. There are two sets of forces, however, which will I have more effect in securing the passage of Mr. McKximi's Bill than either Nonconformist approval or denominational hostility. By the financial arrangements to be made when the Bill becomes law, substantial rate•relief will be given to local Education Authorities. In some cases this will be as high as 3d. in the 2. Local administra- tors, no matter whether they are Tory or Liberal, naturally view the possibility of a reduction of the local rate with much favour. In this particular, Mr. MoKnNteA has a greet advantage over Mr.Butastt. In 1906 Mr. BIRRILL proposed to give a million pounds, the bulk of which would have gone in rent to the voluntary schools. Mr. McismsA promises £1,400,000, every penny of which goes to relieve local rates. It is true that some of the extra money goes to the " contracted-out " schools, but they will cease to be a charge on the rates, so that really the whole of the extra mosey will go to the local authorities. In a few weeks we shall have the recognised Associations of County Council an' municipal administrators putting pressure on members of Parliament to prevent the wrecking of ithe Bill.

Then, the Tariff Reform Ca:npaign is all work- ing in favour of the Bill. It may he a coincidence, but it is nevertheless a fact that the high denomi- nationalists on the Opposition benches in the Commons happens at the same time to be free ooders, and they are becoming suspect with the rest of their party. The Tariff Reformers are beginning to think that those who desire to prevent a settlement of the Education problem have the ulterior motive of desiring to keep Tariff Reform in the background. Signs are la-coming evident that this will not long be allowed to continue, and it is well-known that those who are pushing Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S propaganda would be glad to get the subject of Education settled and done with. Then they could deal " faithfully with Lord ROBERT CECIL and his friends." They now openly boast that they are strong enough in the Lords to prevent tie Bishops and the Free Fooders on the Opposition benches from wrecking the Bill in " another place." Altogether the prospects of something being accomplished are much brighter thma they were two years ago, and Mr. McKwww.t, knowing the position, must feel much encouraged in this task,

The Licensing Bench for Tam BRIDGE INN the Borough are to be con- LICENCE. gratulated on having stood

firm against the temptations and specious arguments offered to induce them to permit the transfer of the Bridge Inn licenca to a new public-house which Messrs. Green&ll, Whitley and Co. proposed to erect in the Gorsey-lane chs-

trict. They refused to grant the licence at the Brewster Sessions on February 7th last, and they refused again at the adjourned Sissions yester- day notwithstanding the "bargain " which was offered. Of course,theoretically,the Bench should be entirely unmoved by the seeming generosity of the brewers in offering to give up so much laud, and bricks and mortar, in addition to four oft- licences. The "real estate" is not for them but for the Corporation, though one magistrate did sug- gest that the value of it should be added to the compensation fund—an idea which seemed to find favour in the eyes of Mr. Rigby S miff- Evidently the brewers are not so much averse to surrendering licences for compensation as they would have us believe when " spoliation " seems a convenient adjective to use. But it is a temptation, neverthless, to a Licensing Bench of local public men to consider the material benefit to the town which may be contained in the brewers' barter, and they are entitled to the praise of all right thinking citizens when they say "No to the proposed exploitation of a new district by the Trade in exchange for public improvement facilities. For our own part we did not consider the offer made yesterday at all adequate, even were we disposed to look favouraNy upon the principle ot barter between Bench and brewer. The surrender of about three on-I icences in the Bridge-street area in addition to the off-licences, would more nearly approach a quid pro quo for a new licence in a growing district with little com- petition for the beer-seller. Oa the grounds of public welfare the transfer was most inexpedient, and we were glad to hear the argument so well stated by Mt. Bitty for the temperance party. The latter has too long been somnolent and the evidences of an awakening will be warmly welcomed in all quarters but those where self- interest clashes with the public weal. We should like to add hare that a meeting to organise the temperance forces in Warrington, and place them upon a workable basis, is to be held in the Winmarleigh Cafe on Monday evening. The watchword will be "to fight the Trade." All adherents to the cause may be sure of a cordial welcome!

The question what may THE PROGRESS happen in England and OF PROHIBITION. Wales at the end of four- teen years if the Licensing Bill be passed in its present shape is one that the Governinsnt and temperance reformers are dis- posed to let alone. All they want at present is to put a period to the vested interests of the brewers. It will be for the people to decide how many public-houses they have, ff any, and on what conditions. That there is a possibility of prohibi- tion in some areas cannot be denied ; but the English people, as a whole, have a keen dislike of any thing that favours of intolerance, and few persons seriously believe that this generation will See any of the English or Welsh licensing areas worked on the Main or Tennesse model, with need of getting alcohol from the chemists instead of openly. The curious thing is that, not- withstanding their protest that prohibition does not hurt their business, and the fact that internal revenue figures show ineressed sales of malt and spirituous liquor in 1907 over 1906, the brewers and liquor dealers are (sccording to " Collier's Weekly ") girding up their loins. Representatives of these interests from all parts of the country met the other day in Ky., to discuss the problems now confront• ing their business, and a number of papers describe their feelings as bordering upon panic. A move is being made by the Trade to wipe out the disreputable saloons. That is not remarkable. But it is worthy of note that the Trade is in the States showing signs of division. The following is from the "Detroit Journal : "The Mississippi Valley Brewers' Association, which has hitherto always combined with the whisky distillers to fight the prohibition movement, is c msidering the advisability of combining with the temper- ance men to fight the whisky traffic. They propose that whisky be altogether prohibited as a beverage and be accessible only as a medicine, to be bought at drug-stores and upon a doctor's certificate. In this way, they believe, the cause of temperance would he advanced." That would not do in Scotland.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
3ttutamentO, p,hart, Str.

/101atimlierj2, etc.

iloros.l3oag, Ethe Stink Bzr D°GB' Gro•st Danes, Holldosts, Toys awl rerrfers from 101. 63 —BCHMIDT, 469, lineknov rd., London.

I)OGe.—Great Danes. Bnildogs,Toys. Terriers from 10s. 6d. —OCEMIDT, 469 Hackney rd., London.

P"nDUlDlGititlt COLLIH BITCH PUPCIHS. Title. White 4 monthr, 21s. eaoh.--DALICR. Praner, Sutton, Surrey

===== 0002601_19080307_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
lartnerqbtos, i6114tnt55e5.

DO YOU WANT TO STILL your Business ?—if somonsult Mr. Oownnt,t, Business Agent, Legh et., Warrington.

1 HIGH —For dianneal. high-elaas FISH, CHIPS, and ,LJ TIIi RHATA.III3IO9T. Splendid trade, totrgain. Leaving town.—Applv 57, RAILWAY RD.

CONF RC:MONDRY (home-made), Sweets, Am.. growing neighbourhood. 111 health cense leaving ; rent weekly. —B3, ST,,CAPO'ItT an.. (Me,. Mwneheot.r

TI OOD CONFISOTIOIRNRY and KIXRD B1.7119H13•1 irOtt 13 BALK : fixtures and stook wil sell separate; no reasonable offer refused.-244, PIRO-TAM Leigh.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
fßatrtmong

NOTES AND NOTIONS.

We would remind our readers that the Infirmaay extension will be formally opened by Lord Cross on Thursday, March 19th. Particulars of the ceremony will be published next week. Since it came into power two years ago the Liberal Government has reduced the number of Chinese- labourers in South African mines by nearly half. Mr. Winston Churchill on Wednesday stated that the number on December 31st, 1905, was over 63,000, and on December 31st, 1907, over 35,000. * * * . _

The painters were in pos-session of the Board room at the Workhouse on Wednesday'and the Guardians had perforce to adjourn to an adjoining small room =tally used for the hearing of relief cases arising in the country parishes. The accommodation was so limited that seats could not be found for all, and a number of members had to stand throughout the pro- ceedings.

* * * The bold burglar who not long siAce attempted a raid on a Bold farm not only made painful acquaint- ance with a poker wielded by the doughty farmer but has now three years to spend in durance vile. It appears that other burglaries were traced to him and that he has been convicted previously of similar offences.

* * * At the Wigan Town Council on Wednesday Mr. Stoker (Socialist), speaking in support of the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, said that if they did not take the matter up it would be what the curate said. Mr. Parkinson (Labouf) : What did the curate say? Mr. Stoker: Why, "We must deal with the unemployed problem, or, by God, it will deal with us." (Laughter. The elective auditors for the ensuing year will again be Messrs. Bolton and England,who both headed Mr. W. Chrimes in the poll on Monday. It is surpris- ing how little interest is excited by this annual election. Out of nearly 12,000 electors in Warrington only 657 went to the poll. The cost to the borough was about £5O, or nearly is. 6d. per vote. * *

* . *

Now that the handsome and commodious 13o1ion School at Latchford is practically finished, the cottage property speculator has commenced to build along the front and one side. Before long it is probable the school will be surrounded by working class dwellings nestling as close to the walls as may be. The fatuity of it all is amazing. Surely the school could have been brought nearer the road and given a frontage worthy of the structure. Talk of Beautiful Warringon forsooth, why even the present generation cannot see the length of its eyelashes, apparently. ** * I Although nothing is heard nowadays of the arsenio, scare which greatly perturbed beer-drinkers a few years ago, the health authorities of Warrington do not ,* neglect to take precautions. There is, however, nol cause for alarm on that score at present. Mr. Rad- I dock, the borough analyst, had 25 samples submitted 1 Ito him last year and in his report he states that in two cases the beer was absolutely free from arsenic, but in all the other samples slight traces were persent up to .005 of a grain per gallon. This however, is only ts i 1 minute quantity and is harmless. His object n i mentioning it is to point out that the raw materials used in brewing are not as free from arsenic as they were immediately after the arsenio scare, and that it is as well for the brewers to watch this carefully. * * * ___

The sincere alone can rec-ognise sincerity.—Carlyle. There are more fish taken out of a stream than ever were in it.—Afizrer. The good of mankind means the attainment by every man of all the happiness which he can ehjoy without diminishing the happiness of his fellowmen,— Huxley. Wisdom preaches temperance, not mortification 1 Seneca. Woman is an overgrown child that one amuses with toys, intoxicates with flattery, and seduces with promises. —Sophie Arnould. Discretion generally means having a good memort for the lies you have told.—John (Wirer Hobbes. An unmarried man is an untested man —in most cases a shirker of responsibilities.—Mrs. Craigie. Gossip is a sort of smoke that comes from the dirty tobacco pipes of those who diffuse it : it proves nothing but the bad taste of the smoker.—George Elio

===== 0002601_19080307_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19080307_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Brevity is the soul of wit. Our worthy Mayor - evidently believes in the poet's dictum and in endea- vouring to get through the business of the Council in reasonable time on Tuesday amused the Council by the abrupt way in which he called upon some of the members to move the adoption of the minutes. For instance, he called out "Alderman Pierpoint, gas !" and the Council roared. The alderman might, of coarse, have construed this into an invitatlat to discourse, but he fell in with the spirit of brevity and contented himself by formally moving the minutes of the Gas Committee. * * There is a powerful influence that will operate in favour of the acceptance of the Education Bill. This is the relief which will be given to the ratepayers, t and I understand (says the London correspondent cf the " Liverpool Post and Mercury ") that this con- sideration is already beginning to exercise a consider- fir able effect on local bodies. The increased Privy Council grants, amounting altogether to ..,:1,400,000, which are to be given to all elementary schools, will save that sum to the ratepayers. The relief is sub- stantial. It will vary in different localities, but will not be less than a penny in the pound on the rates, and will in many cases be nearer than twopence. This fact is producing a very great effect on the local municipal authorities, and it is not the measure of the whole advantage that will be conferred on the rate- payers. Every school that contracts out —and there will be at least some thousands of them —will cease to have any assistance from the rates, and will, there- fore, reduce the charge upon them. No doubt this was one of the considerations which influenced the Education Minister when he handled his Education Ili Bill so skilfully.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

I Platelayer Injured. On Monday night John Clare, a platelayer on the L. and N..W. Railway, and residing at Wilderspool Causeway was admitted to the Wart ington Infirmary with his arm almost severed from the shoulder. He met with the accident whilst working on the line. • Personal. Alderman Ellison has been confined to his bed- room for the past five weeks with an attack of bron- chitis. We are pleased to state, however, that this Week there has been a great improvement in his condition and he hopes shortly to be able to resume his public duties. Mr. Septimus Kenyon, so long known as a War- rington tradesman, has gone to spend his retirement at Rihbleton, Preston. He and his wife will bear with them the good wishes of a large circle of friends in Warrington and district. The Rev. Harry Wall is, we are pleased to state, making steady progress towards recovery from his severe attack of rheumatic fever. TRY GILLETTE SAFETY RAZORS .for comfort in shaving.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge. street, Warrington.—Advt.

The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Limited. The directors have decided to recommend the pay- ment of the usual half year's dividend, at the rate of *ix per cent, per annum, on the preference shares, also an interim dividend at the rate of seven and a half per cent, per annum, free of income tax, on the ordinary shares. c=l Local Will. Mr. Edward William Woods, of Warrington, Lancashire, aucl •of Heylin, St. Botolph's-road, I'Yorthing, Sussex, solicitor, who died at Heylin on the 12th of last January, left property which has been ,returned at .1:16,270 17s. 6d., including £lO,BOl 15s. net personalty. The will is dated the 3rd of May, 1905, lay which testator leaves everything to his wife and children absolutely. finest DANISH BUTTER, Is. 2d. lb. at ASHLEY'S.—Advt. Crappenhall Liberals. A meeting of Liberals of the Grappenhall Polling District in the Knutsford Division was held on Tues- day evening last the 3rd inst., in the vestry room at the Methodist Chapel, Grappenhall-road, when what is believed will be a very strong working committee was formed, with Mr. William Long as president, Mr. eharles Jackson Homes as chairman, and Mr. James Ilienworthy vice chairman. Messrs.A. 11.Rathbone and 11„ Cook, pin., were elected joint secretaries. "cTalltifuj Warrington Society. in conjunction with the annual meeting of the airfield Ward Branch, a practical lecture on " How L° start a garden and what to grow" was given on T,ll9reday evening in the Fairfield school by Mr. John -rairhurst, the chair being taken by the Reverend Canon Stevenson. The report of the Ward Hon Secretary (L. G. E. Knott) was read, and the Com- mittee and officers re-appointed.—Another address vill be given in the Wash-lane schoolroom, Latchford, O n Friday next, when Mr. W. H. Woodcock will be the lecturer. It may also be noted that a Central Lecture will be held in the Co-operative Hall on konday, the 23rd of March, when Mrs. Iliggs, of I eldhana, will be the principal speaker. Premier in name, Premier in quality. PREMIER CYCLES from 6 guineas.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55 Etridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. , Rev. E. Lloyd Jones's Visit. In connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Bible Class League (Warrington Circuit) a lecture on " The New Theology " will be given by the Rev. "' • 1-. Lloyd-Jones (Manchester) at Bold-street Wes- ' Vaal Church on Thursday evening next. , Lloyd Jones has a great reputation as a lecturer and many Warrington people have pleasant recollec- .l !ions of his previous visits to the town. There should be a large gathering to listen to his discourse on such 1,44 important subject as the New Theology. Mr. J. C. .b.401-land, president of the League, will preside. '1 'l°est DANISH BUTTER, Is. 2d. lb. at ASHLEY'S.—AdYt. iCOAGULINE,' KLINE, "TENASITINE.'--Cemenis "r broken and other articles.—Advt. Tea and Social. ~„'„ne of the most successful and best attended ----merings ever held by National Union of Life A their agents (Warrington branch), along with e,'"eir wives and friends, assembled at A.tkinson's :'afe, Bridge-street, Warrington, on Thursday even- ing of last week. There was a knife and fork tea admirably arranged for over 70 guests at 6 o'clock, after which an interval was allowed for whist and Other enjoyments. A splendid programme of high- Class music, comic and sentimental songs, &c. were rendered. The artistes who officiated were Miss Maud . Jennings, who delighted her audience with , two pianoforte solos and very efficiently accompanied , the singers, Miss Plinston, contralto. Mr. Lierbert Plumpton, tenor (Penketh), Mr. John Foden, baritone , (Penketh), Mr. John R. Moorfield, jun., bass. They ' leach gave sonps which were very much appreciated. • The Royal London Quartette Party, Messrs. Gorton, ! Gray, Berry and Foden, gave splendid selections. Mr. , Auckland supplied the comic element with great success. The President, Mr. Edwin Plinston, opened I with a capital speech, and the Secretary, Mr. John koorfield, gave a humorous speech and 30 verses (own - Composition) entitled "In the National Union School," , great enthusiasm greeting their efforts. Votes of thanks terminated the proceedings. „Six GUINEAS will purchase a fully guaranteed 4 'REMTER CYCLE. Inspection invited.—J. S. GAR- ' LAND, 51,53, & 55 Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. . Annual Police Inspection. aAt 12 noon on Wednesday the Borough Police Force I It: inspected by Lieutenant-Colonel Eden, his biesty's Inspector of Constabulary for the Northern triet. The Inspector was met by the Chief Constable and there were present at the Police Station: lele Worship the Mayor, Councillor Sankey, Mr. S. right, jp. Dr. Smith (police surgeon), and Mr. Nvial°ll3e F. 17. White (Clerk to the Justices). The :ale force, with the exception of a few officers on du; and on sick leave, was diawn up in the parade °n, o] there , ere being present on parade, in addition to the 3 Chief Constable and SuperinteudeLA Monaghan, ponispectors, 7 sergeants, and 49 constables. Colonel Pi made the usual minute inspection of the men nian% their equipment, afterwards seeing them at drill uer the direction of Sergeant Heap (drill oftnethr). The Inspector then made a tour of the eS and cells, and finally, in the Chief Constable's !"ne, went through the books and ecords of the police e stablishment in an exhaustive manner. Colonel Eden expressed himself highly satisfied with all he saw, ecturnenting very favourably on the Police Buildings and their cleanly condition. EV -ESTR AIN arises from small unnoticed defects of and causes Headache, inflammation, Weak ltiyes, .arebtiltY to stand the Light, Neuralgis,Etc. GLASSES , .pitirzr,ra toensltyiucure. Glasses should only be worn after g, otherwise the sight may be permanently • - • JOHNSTON WATSON, EY MIGHT 4-,,..._‘-etALIST, 84, Bridge Street, Warrington. Low —"'"Ass. Satisfaction Guaranteed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, Mareh 7, 1908.

t Church Society Lectures. Penny Popular Concerts. Mr. Alexander Dow. The Lenten addresses to men which farm such The Rev. T. Miller presided over a crowded attend- - • I Mr. Alexander Govr, Director of Education for , ance at the concert on Saturday evening, at the Bold- . Blaokbarn, has been offered and has. accepted the prominent and useful feature of the Church Society' College f ' t appointment of secretary to the Imperial o work commenced last evening when a large congrega- street Wealeyan Schoolroom. The entertainment was, as usual, an excellent one. Songs were given with Science and Technology, south Kensington. Mr. Goar, tion assembled in the Parish Church to listen to a „ effect by the Misses Bancroft and Silcock, and Messrs. I who is 39, received his early training at a Presbyterian powerful discourse by the Rev. John Wakeford, of St- Plait and Greenough. The humorists were Mr Alfred ' elementary school at Crewe, and four years ago Margaret's, Anfield, Liverpool, on" Radical Reform. Grounds and Master W. Farrington. Mr. Grounds ' relinquished the office of principal of the Warrington Next Friday evening the Rev. Canon Kempthorne,, , , kept up his reputation as a first-class humorist and ; Technical School for the position he now bolds at Rector of Liverpool will speak on Facing the facts. I highly pleased the audience, while Master Farrington ' Blackburn. ; Presentation to Mr. S. W. Jeffery; won golden opinions for his rendering of his two Compensation for the Loss of a Husband. humorous songs. , I"..At the Warrington County Court on Thursday 1 In recognition of his valuable services as secretary NIOCINTAIN FLAX (LtsuAt Cazitattrrcom) PfLLS for nearly five years of the Warrington Certificated Au A agreeable aperient. Worth a trial. 91.1—Advt. ; before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K C., the case of Mary Ann Eaton, 11, Birch-street, Newton Common Class Teachers' Association, Mr. Sydney W.Jeffrey was Salvation Army Musical Festival. v. L. aa N.-W Railway Company —an application under; last evening presented with a beautiful mahogany A inus!cal festival promoted by the local Salvation the Workmen's Compensation Act .- was mentioned.. secretaire by the members. The presentation was Army wag held in the Royal Thema eof Varieties on Mr. J. W. Knowles, solicitor, who appeared for the ! made in the presence of a large audience in the Sunday afternoon. There was a silver collection for applicant, stated that the company had paid £175 into ; Wycliffe Memorial Hall by Mr. T. Edde n. The admission to the circle, and those who occupied seats Court and he asked his Honour to make an order as to secretaire, which is suitably inscribed, is the work of in the pit contributed to a copper collection. There ' the distribution of the money. —After hearing a full Messrs. J. M. GreenhOlgh and Co., Bridge-street. was a fairly large congregation, in anticipation of statement as to applicants' circumstances his Honour P.S.A. Meetings hearing an address from Mr. A. H. Croafieid, MP , directed that she should be paid £3O forthwith and who had been announced to preside. Ensign Clarke, that she should receive £3 45., per month until further The meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. on Sunday was however, at the outset, announced that he hsd received I order, of special interest, the sixteenth anniversary of the the following telegram from the Member, who was in 1 society being celebrated. There was a large gather- London'LINSEED COMPOUND ' of 40 years' proven eefa ca I $ 'lug which was presided over by the Mayor, who said :—"To my great regret Mrs. Crosfield ill in j for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles.—Advt. bed with relapse from recent attack of influenza. ; it gave him great pleasure to be present for two Cannot possibly leave her alone here. Greatly die- : Finest DANISH BUTTER, is. 2d. lb. at AssmEv's.—Advt reasons—first because it was the sixteenth anniversary appointed to have to miss meeting. Best wishes for 1 P Hel less Woman's Fatal Fall. of the society and secondly to meet the Mayor of success of your noble cause from my wife and myself." Mr. F. A Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at Middleton. His Worship referred to the possible Ensign Clarke said they were all deeply sorry to hear 1 1 Warrington on Tuesday, touching the death of Betsey I effort to reach all the people of Warrington, by the 149 years wife of William Dudley, 'Christian bodies visiting every house in the town. of the cause which had kept Mr. Crostield away, and ' Ann Dudley, aged , , ; sincerely trusted that God might see fit to lay of 58 Sharp-street, Warrington. --Ethel The Mayor of Middleton took for his subject " There His I a signalman, ! healing hand upon Mrs. Crosfield. Pleasing selec- ! Dudley, daughter of the deceased, who resides in on the threshold I will meet thee." He reminded the , tions were given by the band and the company of Stockport-road, Manchester, said that about ten years I audience that God lived. Sometimes they acted as if i songsters, both of which were ably conducted by ago her mother lost the use of her limbs, but uuder IHe was dead. Martin Luthur was once " down in ! Bandmaster Lee. Solos were also given by Sisters Dr. Fox's care she was gradually able to use them, the dumps." His wife said to him in his gloom "God Alice Rowe and Mrs. Jones, and Deputy Bandmaster She again lost the use of them about four years ago, lis dead." The words aroused him and he said Lee, whiie Master Fred Lee accampanied on the .and since 'then she was unable to do any work, ' " No, God lives." The work of that brotherhood piano and organ. and she had to come downstairs on her hands should be and was to "give life and save life," and knees. She was also unable to speak.— , inspiration to others, and all combined to save LINSIND COMPOUND,' Trade Mark of Kays Mrs. Rhoda Kiernan, 43, Sharp-street, said she was Ithe fallen and outcasts, and to preach salvation by Compound Essence of Linseed for Coughs ,t. Colds.--Ad vt called to the house of the deceased on January 28th, I Christ. —The Warrington Male Voice Choir sang Death of Miss Plerpoint. when she found Mrs. Dudley at the foot of the stairs. ' " Break, break," " Evening,' and " The Crusaders. We deeply regret to record the death of Miss Agnes She was unable to speak, and her daughter told her Mr. T. F. .Wallington presided at the organ. Mr. Pierpoint, sister of Mr. Robert Pierpoint, St. Austin's, she had fallen downstairs. Deceased had been help- Edward Wallington read the lesson. The Secretary Wanington, who passed away on Wednesday morning less for some years. The doctor was called in, and he voiced the sympathy of the members with two brethren at 17, Queen's-road, Richmond, Surrey, where she had ordered her removal to the Workhouse Infirmary.— aho were suffering bereavement —Mr. A. Healey in the been staying for the past six weeks. The deceased Dr. Hodgkinson, visiting medical officer at the Work- death of his son, and Mr. J. Tonkford in the . death of I lady had a paralytic seizure five months ago and house, said death was due to chronic meningitis, or a relative. The number of members enrolled is 446. despite every attention, never recovered her strength inflammation of the brain, which had been going on The Rev. J. Yonge and the Secretary spoke of the I but gradually sank, She was a very familiar figure for some years. The fall downstairs might have indebtedness of the society to their Worships for their in Warrington, having lived at St. Austin's all her life, accelerated death, but it did not cause it. —The jury presence and help ; also to the choir who had also except for a short interval when she resided at returned a verdict of "Accidental death." helped to make their meeting so bright and cheerful. Windermere. She was the younger daughter of PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDErt THE CLOCK FOR BEST —The weekly meeting of the Warrington Society the late Mr. Benjamin Pierpoint and was born BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Sunday. at St. Austin's on May 9th, 1843. She was An Informant Thanked by the Bench. Mr. Heywood presided, and gave an address on of a kindly and generous disposition and took an • The Power of Christ at the Pool of Bethsaida" active interest in many charitable institutions. She was Thomas Bate, carter, Bowes-street, pleaded guilty a staunch Churchwoman and was particularly attached at the Borough Police Court on Saturday to stealing Mr. Wardman spoke on "Humanity, crowned and uncrowned." After a lucid description of the rise and Ito the Parish Church and Holy Trinity Church. Her 421 b. of drop speller, valued at 75., from the yard of fall of nations he dwelt with many of the present-day the Longford Wire Company.—The Chief Constable death will be sincerely regretted by a large circle,evils which tended to drag men down to the lowest I Ass mark of respect the flags on the Conservative and said thai, at 1ea.310 o'clock on Thursday, the spelter was depths of degradation. Miss Kendrick recited a Junior Conservative Clubs are flying at half-mast, offered f ea a marine store dealers in ump- touching story entitled " Help when required." The The funeral will take place in the Parish Churchyard yard, off Lythgoes-lane. The daugher of the dealer lesson was read by Mr. E. Coates, of Rochdale.- The tc-day (Saturday.) The coffin will arrive at Bank was. not satisfied with it. She told the man to call anniversary of the Buckley-street Society was Quay Station at two o'clock and the cortege will pro- asi ' awn and she gave information to the police. The celebrated on Sunda afternoon when a large number tenth y. y spelter had undoubtedly been taken from the yard of 9 , ceed direct to the Parish Church. of members and friends were present. The chair was LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs, Colds, and the Longford Wire Company by prisoner, and he was occupied by Councillor Hawthorn. The speaker was Bronchial troubles. 9Lid. & 1/li. Of Chemists.—Advt arrested on Friday night. Prisoner was at the works the Rev. J. F. Matthews, who gave an encouraging g aload o n, a N ~ delivering y f ire and was within 20 yards of Board of Guardians. the place where the spelter was stored. W j "Jesus, ' hen address on the objects of P.S.A. Societies. Miss Jessie Woodland sang Jesus, Saviour, pilot me "and , A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians arrested prisoner at once admitted the theft. was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the He said he had sold the " stuff" to a man, "The Chorister," and Miss Taylor (contralto) gave a I presidency of Mr. W. Houghton. On the recommen- and that the latter had taken it to a marine good rendering of "Take time to be holy." Mr. C. , dation of the House Committee Dr. Hodgkinson was store dealer's— He was fined 20s. inculding costs.— Brooks read the lesson, and the pianoforte accornpani- , appointed district medical officer for No 2. district at On Tuesday, Patrick Tyrell, 5, Stanley-street, a ments were played by Miss M. Plinston. Thirty new ; a salary of £BO per annum in succession to the late pensioner, was charged with receiving the spelter m. 160. At the close of the meeting a resolution was 'were welcomed, making a total membership I Dr. 13raide. He was further granted a gratuity of knowing it to have been stolen. Ho pleaded not of. one and a half guineas per week from the date of his guilty.—Evidence was given to the effect that prisoner passed congratulating the Wycliffe Society upon appointment as Workhouse medical officer until the bought the spelter off Bate for rid., but as he dealt in celebrating their sixteenth anniversary. deputy officer comes into residence, as Dr. Hodgkinson metal ha would know its true value. He offered it for will have to do double work for that length of time. sale at the premises of Joseph Matthews, metal dealer, It was further resolved that Dr. Peacocke be but the daughter, Catherine Matthews, lent prisoner paid two guineas per week for his medical services 61. on it and told him to call later for the balance. In in the No. 2 district from the, date of Dr. the meantime she informed the police. Prisoner was Braide's death until Dr. Hodgkinson's appointment, arrested by Superintendent Monaghan.—Prisoner was —The Clerk read a letter from the Assistant Clerk fined 20s' including costs, or fourteen days.—The (Mr. Samuel Sutton) giving notice that owing to Chief Constable said the business of Charles Matthews increased infirmity it was his intention, if the was being carried on under the supervision of Mr. Guardians approved, to retire on superannuation. He Jenkins, solicitor, and the police appreciated the fact had served under the Board for thirty-five years, but that Miss Matlithews informed them of this case.—The his actual official appointment dated only from Chairman also expressed the appreciation of the Bench, November, 1884.—A letter was also read from Dr. and said they were sure the business would be con- Peacocke, certifying that Mr. S. Sutton was physically ducted that way in the future so far as Miss Matthews unfit to carry on the duties of his office, as he was was concerned. auffering from chronic asthma of long standing, which LINSEED COMPOUND' for Cough and Colds. had undermined his constitution. —The matter was Of proven efficacy. Of Chemists.—Advt. referred to a special committee consisting of the ss uulldlng Society Meeting Chairman, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, T. Billinge, G. Mather .. ' \V. Furness, W. Gill, A. Bro iks, and W. C. Brooks The thirty-third annual general meeting of the PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Borough of Warrington Incorporated Building Society BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. was held at the manager's office, Legh-street, on ~ Wednesday evening. Mr. John Andrews (chairman "De We Spend Too Much Time In Sport ? of directors) presided, and the attendance included This was the subject of a debate at the weekly Messrs. George Holford, James Gray, John T. meeting of the Bewsey-road Wesley Guild. The Rev. Sampson and Henry Houghton (directors), W. D. Sidney Pitt presided. Mr. Gordon Pitt. opened in the Jeans, jun., (Messrs. W. D. Jeans and Son, solicitors negative. Taking the population of Warrington as a to the society), Thomas A. Sutton (manager and whole he worked out that the time spent per head per surveyor), J. Green Chappell and Frederick Daintith week in sport was only twelve minutes. That was (auditors), Williams, W. Milner, and E. A. Jones.—ln not much for a week's recreation. It was true that their report the directors stated that the net profit for there were more spectators than players at the game the year amounted to £143 9s. lid., and after allowing of football, but that was partly accounted for by the £4335. for manager, irectors' and auditors' fees and fact that the men who watched the game had not, in working expenses, e directors recommended the their bayhood, learnt to play. In the large public payment of a dividen at the rate of £4 per cent per schools, where the scholars were for a period of annum, free of income tax, 'absorbing together thirteen weeks under, the direct superintendence of £l5O 9s. lid., and in order to meet the deficit it was the teachers, every boy was compelled to take some proposed to transfer the sum of £7 from the part in the sports. That was not so in the elementary Reserve Fund. The number of members on the schools. What did they find ? Why, that the lad books was 44, of whom 9 were borrowers.—Mr. who had been trained in athletics developed a keener Houghton moved the adoption of the report.—Mr. mind, and was therefore more fitted for the battle of Jeans in seconding said it was unfortunate they could life. He did not advocate the pursuit of sport to the not persuade more. people to see the advantages of the exclusion of other things—temperance in all matters Society and deposit money in it. The state of the but he felt that mens sana in carper° sano— a healthy accounts showed how safe the Society was and that man in a sound baly —left little room for doubt that the money actually owing to shareholders was amply the man who took care of his body, also developed a covered by the mortgages. Not only so, but the keener mind. —Mr. Norman, who replied in the affirma- mortgages themselves were amply secured, some of tive, said it was not so much the time spent in active 'the securities being as much as five times covered.— sport, as the time spent in thinking and talking of Messrs. John Andrews, George Holford, James Gray, nothing else that was to be deplored. If John T. Sampson, Henry Houghton, and Samuel F. they passed down the streets they could scarcely Welsby were re-elected directors ; Mapssrs. J. G. fail to hear the remarks about the latest Chappell and F. Daintith, auditors ; MrrT. A. Sutton, score of the test match, or the last football match. manager.—Mr. Jeans said they would feel entirely Sport occupied the attention of the young men to the lost if they had not Mr. Sutton at the bead of affairs. exclusion of all else. He was afraid that those people They had had him and his father ever since the who were always urging the working man to take a Society started and they would be very sorry to lose greater interest in sport were only doing so that they him.—The directors were voted the usual fees for might divert his mind froin the mare important affairs their services during the year.—A vote of thanks to of life. The great statesmen as a rule did not do so, the Chairman concluded the meeting. because they wished the men of the nation to take a Finest DANISH BurrErt, is. 2d. lb. at ASTILEY'S.—Advt. greater interest in the affairs of the State.—A discussion followed in which Messrs. Cobbett, Cade, Sutton, 'LINSEED COMPOUND ' for Coughs and Colds Relieves Asthma and difficult breathing.—Advt. Wildman and Miss Rowlands took part. On a show 1 of hands it was passed by a slight majority "that we ! Buckley-street Sunday School. do not spend too much time in sport." 1 On Wednesday evening a very large audience of PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST parents and children assembled in the schoolroom the BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. 'occasion being the annual distribution of the Sunday Ex-Convict in Trouble. school prizes. The chair was occupied by the At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, before Superintendent, Me. Andrew Jennings. After prayer Mr. H. Roberts (presiding), Dr. Fox and Mr. C. which was offered by Mrs. Simpson the Chairman Jackson Holmes, James Ash, or Connor, a native of delivered a short encouraging address. A recitation Darliston, pleaded guilty to failing to report himself of the 23rd Psalm was next given by Master Alfred as a ticket-of-leave ma to the Warrington police on Harter and Miss Nellie Lomax contributed a solo. his arrival in the town.—The Chief Constable said that Soveral children (trained by Miss M. Plinston) followed on Saturday night a man was assaulted and robbed, with an action song which was very pleasingly ' Information was given to the police, and Constable executed. Haying been accorded a hearty reception Millington was making inquiries when he had prisoner Mrs. Dodds proceeded to express her pleasure of losing ! pointed out to him as the man connected with the present and her gratitude for the cordial way in which I robbery. He at once went to arrest the man, but be she had been received. Being a Sunday school teacher , ran away. A number of people endeavoured to stop him , herself, Mrs. Dodds continued, she was in a position j but he threatened them. Eventually he was caught Ito appreciate the pleasures and discouragements of I and taken into custody. Inquiries were made into the 'others who were similarly engaged and consequently j robbery, but they did not propose to prefer that charge I urged upon the teachers and officials to make the best against him. Prisoner had a very bad record. There of their positions so full of responsibility and so were no fewer than fourteen cases of felony against . pregnant with possibilities for good and appealed to him. His career of crime started in 1890, when he them to be faithful,diligent and patient in their labours. was twelve years of age, and in 1902 he was sentenced I The scholars als ) came in for a bit of sound advice at the Manchester Assizes to five years' penal servitude ' from Mrs. Dodds, the solemn necessity of paying for robbery with violence. This was the second time 1 earnest attention to the lessons which their teachers he had been arrested since he was let out as a ticket- ; taught them from time to time being impressed upon ' of-leave man, and having regard to the alleged robbery I them. The task of distributing the prizes was next with violence this was certainly a case I very gracefully performed, over one hundred scholars where he ought to be sentenced to the full , having merited them by their regular attendance and term of twelve months' imprisonment.'--- Prisoner good conduct. Special prizes (two of which were explained his movements since he was liberated. I given by Mr. J. Starkey and Mr. W. Roberts) were The Bench sentenced him to three months' I also awarded to Mr. Harry Leech, and three boys hard labour.—Prisoner said he wished to address 1 Walter Trowman, Horace Pester and Arthur Palmer the Bench as regarded the treatment he had together with Misses Lily Fairhurst, Annie Lawless, received whilst in custody. He was a married man I Flossie Adams. Mary A. Bate and May Isherwood for and his wife was tiers. He had asked several times to 'collection of various amounts of money towards last see her with a view to getting himself defended, but Walking Day expenses. Each recipient of a prize the police would not allow it. He had asked two 'received a kindly handshake from Mrs. Dodds and a inspectors as well as constables. lie wished the Bench I word of compliment. Mr. E. A. Sanders proposed a would let him sea her before he went away.—The j vote of thanks and Mr. E. Plinston seconded it, and Chairman : The Chief Constable will provide yea when the Chairman subinited it to the meeting their with facilities of that sort.—The Chief Constable : He i warm appreciation of Mrs. Dodd' services was shown will see her. Mr. Nicholls further informed the Bench 'by the heartiness with which the resolution was that the woman was not the prisoner's wife, and it greeted and adopted. In a few well-chosen words was notdesit able whilst the ease of robbery was pond- . Mrs. Dodds replied and a highly successful meeting ing that there should be any communication. They concluded with the Benediction. would be very glad if he could take the woman with For Children's Hacking Coughs at night, Woods bins. 1 Great Peppermint Cure. 1/14 2/9.—Advt. ) .

===== 0002601_19080307_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

prisoner had been fourteen months in the employ of the Post Office. A representative of the Post Office said the corn- THE WIDNES MURDER CHARGE. plaints of missing letters numbered about thirty, and In the course of his charge to the grand jury at the went back as far as July last. Mr. Singleton said his client had no need to commit Liverpool Assizes on Monuay, Mr. J ustice Ridley referred at some length to the charge against John the thefts. He was earning between 235. and 295. per Byrne of murdering /Lose Ann Byrne, his wife, on week through his connection with the Post Office and November 3rd, at Vidues. The body of Mrs. Byrne, the brewery. The prisoner said he deeply regretted % between half-past five and six o'clock in the morning of what he had done. He did not know how he had given way to temptation. He had a good wife, and was very November 3rd, was found upon the, pavement in front respectably connected, and had never been in prison of the house in which prisoner and his wile lived. before. Counsel suggested that prisoner should be There was no blood near, uor any sign of a straggle, bound over under the Probation of Offenders Act, and The woman was fatally injured ou the left temple,there added that his relatives were quite willing to be respon- was extravasion of blood at the back of tue head, and wounds not of a serious character on the arms. Bible for his future good behaviour.Evidence of prisoner's previous good character having One of the doctors found a small piece of wood in the been given, back of her head somewhere near toe injury. The The Judge said it was impossible to bind the prisoner doctors said that, although the woman might have pro- over in a case of that kind. As a postal employ. 3 he ; aimed the fatal injury to herself by falling out of the had been trusted by the public. A few years ago it was window, she COUla nut have produced the other injuries the in rule to punish such offences with penal in the salad way. further, she could not, according to s the eviaeuce, have got through the window. A man and servitude. He would not do that in this case, but Cobbmust go to prison for twelve months with hard labour ' wife living next aoor said that they heard a quarrel . between Byrne and his wife, as the man said, "on the morning sole of midnight." They heard the two call each other names, and heard the prisoner say,' You ' will have to clear out of this house and let use rest." Then they heard a noise as of one person running down the stairs. That was almost all the evi- dence there was, unless, he added, that both of them had some drink the night before. ' There was, however, no evidence of their having quarelled during the night or of their having gone to bed in any but, a friendly spirit. ile (his loruslap) did not feel a very strung presumption that it had been shown that the prisoner had been the cause of his wife's death. No douot the circurastauces spoke of a good ' deal of violence. It was fur more probable that the deceased was pushed out through the door than that she fell through toe window, though there was evidence that once before she got through the window at night . while walking in her sleep. The matter was in a most ' unsatisfactory position. There was no strong convic- tion in his mind that guilt could be brought home to the prisoner, and if the grand jury did not think there was a probability of a conviction it was their duty to throw the bill out. ! The grand jury returned a true bill against Byrne, and the trial was fixed for Friday.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

I The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Hallows, C. Roylance, J. Balshaw, E. Britoil, A. H. Talbot, P. Mountield, G.- Egerton Warburton, J. Whitlow, T. ' Baxter, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, son., T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, T. Guest, S. Woodward, W. Harrison, J. L. Jones, E. Brethertont R. Nixon, J. Spruce, J. , Renshaw, W. Winstauley, C. E. Linaker, jun., W. Weir. , J. B. Chadwick, A. Haining, T. Antwis, J. Farrington, (inspector), J. Swinton, W. Diggle (surveyors). The Clerk read a letter from Mrs. W. E. Gorton, Grappenhall Lodge, Grappenhall,complaining about the state of the roads in the vicinity which she described as ! disgraceful and dangerous for horses and not fit for any carriage to travel over. About a month ago she wrote to the Surveyor about the road between Grappenhall village and Appleton, and was informed that it would have his attention but there was no improvement. She also called attention to the unsatisfactory condition of Cartridge-lane and asked for treatment of all the roads . by the steam roller. The Surveyor was instructed to attend to the matter. I 1 Vith regard to the appointment of an Alkali Inspector for the districts outside Liverpool and Runcorn, the Town Clerk of Liverpool reported that the conference of representatives of local authorities recommend such an appointment at a salary of £5OO per annum. The contribution of Runcorn Rural District , Council would be £25 per annum. ; The matter was agreed to. Mr. C. E. Linaker said Norley had not been repre- sented on the Council-for some time, and it seemed to , him that now the important work in connection with ; Norley was being carried on, the ratepayers should be represented. lie moved that the seat be declared vacant. Mr. Jones seconded, and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. Baxter in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. C. E. Linaker, C. E. Linker, jun., .1. Spruce, G. Pilling, J. Mawdsley, T. Wright, W. M. Morris, J. Hallows, J. L. Jones, C. ltoylance, W. R. Norman, J. Bolshaw, A. H. Talbot, E. Britch, P. Moundeld, G. E. Warburton, J. Whitlow, P. Booth, T. Guest, S. Woodward, W. Harrison, E. Bretherton, R. Nixon, J. Renshaa, W. ‘Vinstanley, W. Weir, J. B. Chadwick, A. Haining, G. F. Ashton (clerk), and the relieving officers. The Royal Commission on the Poor Laws, through Mr. R. G. Duff, the secretary, wrote stating that it had been represented to them that Boards of Guardians sometimes found difficulty in apprenticing young persons to skilled trades under the conditions laid down by the existing orders relating to apprenticeship and also that the desirability of pro- longing the period during which the Guardians may exercise parental control in these and other cases had led to increasing use being made of the statutory pro- vision for the adoption of children by the Guardians. The Commission applied for the views of the Runcorn Board as to any alteration of the law or practice on these subjects: Mr. Morris : I think it is about time the Parliamen- tary Committee was re-resurrected, Mr. Woodward : Re-resurrected ? (Laughter.) . .

Mr. Spruce seconded and the motion was carried. It was moved, seconded and carried that Messrs. Baxter, Spruce, Linaker, Jones, Morris, Woodward, Pilling, Davies, and the clerk be appointed a committee to consider the applications for the posts of master and matron, which numbered 70. Messrs. Harrison Mynekyme and the clerk, who attended the recent central Poor Law Conference pre- seuted a report of the proceedings which was adopted, the delegates being thanked. A letter was read from the girl's industrial trainer, Miss Jessie Clare, asking that her salary be increased as she bad been there nearly eighteen months. Mr. Morris moved that the matter be referred to the House Committee. Mr. Hallows seconded and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

DEATH OF A ST. HELENS TRADES COUNCIL OFFICIAL.

The death occurred on Sunday of Mr. Augustine Craig at his residence in Raglan-street, St. Helens. He had been employed for many years in the printing trade, and was secretary of the sub-branch at St. Helens of the Liverpool Typographical Society, on the committee of which he had rendered much valued service, and in conjunction with the secretary (Mr. George Nelson) was largely instrumental in bringing the offices of the town into lino with the society. He was treasurer of the St. Helens Trades and Labour Council, and a prominent Oddfellow. Mr. Craig was also one of the pioneers and a present officer of the St. Helens Medical Aid Society. CONSERVATIVE CANDIDATE CHOSEN. The Executive Committee of the St. Helens Con- servative Registration Committee met on Monday night to consider the selection of a candidate for the borough in successionto Sir Henry Seton-Karr,who was defeated at the last general election by Mr. T. Glover after representing the town for over 20 years. Colonel W. Lee Pilkington, the president of the Conservative Association' occupied the chair. It was decided to adopt Mr. Rigby swift, barrister, as the prospective NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. 1 !candidate. " There will be ,another excellent attraction at the I ST' HELENS RUFFIAN LIGHTLY PUNISHED theatre next week when Mr. J. A. Campbell's Company i Robert Jones, collier, of Hoole Bank-street, was will appear in the new domestic play, The Old ' charged at St. Helens, on Monday, with drunkenness Folks at Home." Mr. J. A. Campbell one of the most successful writers of high-class drama is accounted and with assaulting Police-constable Bramwell, and ' breaking his handcuffs. The officer . said that on tSoa tpurrida an yn earf tae hr no ouos en ~ abHoeutf ofuohudr oth k' ' man hwaads brokencalle d that We have. His latest play, " The Old Folks at Home," is considered his masterpiece. The plot is up the whole of the furniture, and his wife and six calto e the very strong, and, as the title suggests, a very homely ' children were afraid of their lives. He spoke to one. The piece is performed by a most talented prisoner, whereupon he broke a leg off the table, and company, and the staging is superb throughout. Mr. I threw it at the officer. A struggle followed, but Jones Campbell's companies are well known to Warrington ' resisted all the way to the Town Hallofficer's Him s. Ile had some matches i and broke the n his band when audiences, and " The Little Breadwinner" visited the , the officer went to the house, and was going upstairs to Royal Court Theatre only a few weeks ago. I set the beds on fire.—Jones was bound over for six , months, and fined 225. or seven weeks' imprisonment. ST. HELENS POSTAL SERVANT PUNISHED. At Liverpool Assizes on Monday John William Cobb , (26), labourer, was charged with having stolen a post VISIT TO MANCHESTER, MARCH 12TH.—Mr. Thomas letter containing money, Stc., at St. Helens on the 22nd Ison, Ocularist and Aurist (of Ison's Eye and Ear January. The prisoner, who was defended by Mr. Dispensary, Leeds, established 1871), will visit the ,J. Singleton, pleaded not guilty. Deansgate Hotel, Deansgate, Manchester, on Thursday, ' Mr. Butler prosecuted, and stated that complaints March 12th, hours 12 to 8, and may be consulted on all had been received by the Post Office authorities as to cases of failing sight and hearing. New treatment the disappearance of letters in St. Helens. The authori- without operation. Sufferers should avail themselves ties suspected the prisoner, and accordingly one of their of the present opportunity of consultation. Spectacles number, Mr. Whitehurst, on the 22nd prepared a test adapted for weak or defective sight. Artificial eyes I letter. He put in that letter a wooden match box, supplied. Those unable to avail themselves of a containing a gold brooch, two shillings, and six personal consultation should write to Leeds for printed , penny stamps. Mr. Whitehurst marked the shillings orm of questions to answer; forwarded free. Letters and the stamps with a private mark The obe addressed to 71, GREAT GEORGE ST., Leeds. letter was duly posted on the 22nd January. The prisoner was employed at the St. Helens Post HUGE CO-OP. TRADING FIGURES. Office for two and a half hours each evening as on For the second half of last year the sales of the , auxiliary sorter. During the daytime he was employed Co-operative Wholesale Society amounted to £13,217,976, !at Greenall's Brewery, St. Helens. He was on duty at an increase of .£1,211,941,0r 101 per cent., on the corres. I the post office on the evening that the letter was ponding period of the previous year. For the whole Posted. Later that evening the letter was reported to year the sales were £21,786.568, an increase of £2,089,570 ' be missing, and Mr. Whitehurst had an interview with or 9i per cent. over 1906. The net profit for the halt. I the prisoner. At first he said he knew nothing about 3 ear amounted to £260,918. , the letter, but when ordered to empty his pozkets he I produced a cigarette-case, which contained the six marked postage stamps. From one of his trousers pockets he produced several coins, amongst which were the two marked shillings. The brooch was found in his jacket pocket. The prisoner's lodgings were searched, and a number of articles found there were , suspected of being the proceeds of earlier thefts. The

...

,

===== 0002601_19080307_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

Mr. Norman V. Norman in Repertoire.

The visit of Mr. Norman V. Norman and his talented company this week has been quite a notable feature among local entertainments. Mr. Norman has an attractive repertoire of plays with which he is touring, and chief among these is " The Adventure of Lady Ursula," by thht talented and witty writer Mr. Anthony Hope. Lady Ursula Barrington is somewhst of a madcap as well as a very fascinating personality, and one of tier escapades lands to' or three people into trouble. First and foremost her brother, the Earl of Hassenden, has to challenge the redoubt- able Sir George Silvester to a duel—which, however, never takes place owing to further amusing complications caused by the wilful Ursula's attempt to undo the mischief she has made. Sir George is a woman hater who has barred his other- wise hospitable doors to the weaker sex, but Lady. Ursula obtains entry in the guise of her young brother, and in his garments too. There we might leave her. The scene is very amusing, but even less so than the one in which she has to face the music before a group of Hassenden's brother officers and maintain her role. Here the one dramatic note is struck, and there is a tense moment while the life ,of either herself or Sir George appears to hang in the balance. Finally, all ends well, and the woman-hater succumbs to the charms of Lady Ursula. In the title role Miss Beatrice Wilson acts with great spirit and betwitching drollery. Her representation of the masculine gallant is capital, and the interview with Sir George is splendidly done. Mr Norman V. Norman is an accomplished actor of fine presence, and he dominates the scene with true ' power when on the stage. Mr. G. T. Norman-Burt also acted with grace and, distinction as 'the aristo- cratic and supercilious Mr. Dent, while a clever study of the meek and reverend Mr.Brimboe is submitted by Mr. Sam Wilkinson. Miss Vera George makes a vivacious Dorothy Fenton, the bosom-friend of Ursula, and there is vigour in every line of Mr. Frederick Look's I work as the Earl of Hassenden. We should like to bave seen more of the Company in "Mr. Sheridan " last night but other engagements forbade. To-night the famous play written round "David Garrick" will be presented, with Mr. Norman in the title role. " David Garrick" will be preceded, for the first time in Warrington, by "A Privy Council," which was produced at the Haymarket Theatre, London, and ran for over twelve months, and was then revived at the same Theatre for a further run of four months. By special arrangement with Frederick .!arrison, Esq , a command performance of this play was given before His Majesty the King, at Sandring- ham on the occasion of his birthday, 9th November, 1905. The part of "Mistress Knipp " (of the King's Playhouse —Charles ) will be played by Miss Beatrice Wilson, and Mr. George Norman-Burt will play " Samuel Pepys "—the author of the celebrated Diary. 1

===== 0002601_19080307_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
BLIND TYPIST.

The appeal for the Lambeth blind girl who is an expert typist and shorthand writer has met with success a large firm having given her employment.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

PRIMITIVE A.F.C. TEA PARTY.

The Earlestown Primitive A.F.C. held their annual tea party and social in the Schoolroom, Lord-street, last Thursday. About 100 people sat down to an excellent tea, the after proceedings taking the form of games, recitations and singing, a most enjoyable evening being spent. DEATH OF MRS. FARAGHER. We regret to announce the death of Mrs. Faragher, wife of Mr. James Faragher, of 18, Paterson-street, Earlestown. The deceased lady was highly respected in the district,, being a prominent member all her life, of the Wesleyan Church, and always to the fore in any work connected with it. ABour A SWEETHEART.

William Walters, Go['porno, was fined 40s. and costs for assaulting Ann Louisa Jones at Golborne on February ISth.—Complainant said when she was return- ing home from work with two companions, defendant struck her in the mouth, and kicked her. She bad had a quarrel with defendant's sweetheart, and she thought tkat was why the assault was committed.—Defendant said complainant attempted to strike him with a can first.

NEWTON TENNIS CLUB. The members of the Newton Tennis Club held their annual dance and whist drive in the Town Hall, Newton, last week, when aboutl3o members and friends attended. The object of the social was to assist the pavilion fund. Messrs. H. Walton and H. Owen acted as N.C.'s., and Mr. McLay was the manager of the whist party. The winners of the whist drive were Mrs. .1. White and Sir. W. Carter, Mrs. Derbyshire and Mr. W. H. Hindley. The booby winners were Miss E. Critchley and Mr. Fowler. Mrs. A Smith presented the prizes. A vote of thanks was accorded Mrs. A. Smith and the donors of the prizes. AIR RIFLE SHOOTING.

At the Earlestown District School last week an air shooting match took place between the Y.NI.C.A. and the Old Boys of the above school. Conditions, seven shots at eight yards range, gin. bull. Scores:—

l'..M..a' .A. DISTRICT SCHOOL. H. Pearson T. Upton l7 NV. Hassall 27 A. Guildford T. Nash 25 S. Sedoskie - -I S. Booth G. Singleton T. Davies l9 A. Jones A.King l9 A. P. Peske

161 I\Ljority for the School, 32. MOTORISTS SUMMONED.

John Thomas Parker, Louisa-street, Bolton, was summoned at Newton Sessions for driving a motor car and having no rear light attached at 10.33 p.m. on February sth in Church-street, Newton. P.C. Wilkes proved the case. Defendant said he stopped his car before he reached the constable. Wilkes stated that defendant was in company with another man on a motor cycle, and he whistled to defendant to stop. The case was dismissed.—William Slee Wadsworth, Bury New- road, Bolton, who was in company with the last defen- dant, was fined 10s. including costs for riding a motor cycle without a light at the same time and place. Defendant said he did not know the light was out. A FAMILY " JAR " AT GOLBORNE. Thomas Spibey, John Spibey, and Harriet Jones (brothers and sister), all of Golborne, were summoned at Newton Petty Sessions for creating a breach of the peace by fighting at Golborne on February 14th.—P.C. Potts said that at 10.20 on the night in question the defendants were fighting in Church-street, Golborne. They were bound over to keep the peace for six months in their own recognizances of £5 each.—Thomas Spibey was than summoned for assaulting Harriet Jones on the same date.—Mr. H. R. Rigby, Golborne, appeared for defendant.—Complainant said she was coming out of a pawnshop, when defendant and his wife were passing. The latter made a remark about her coming from the shop, and later on defendant came to her house, lie struck her in the side and in the mouth and knocked her down twice. In answer to Mr. Rigby, she said she had a grudge against defend- ant's wife. Mr. Rigby said when defendant and his wife were passing the pawnshop, complainant began to " call " defendant's wife. When defendant was coming home from the market, he called at complainant's house and asked for an explanation. Instead of an explanation given to him, abusive language was used, and com- plainant and her brother got hold of defendant and threw him out of the house. Complainant put her finger in defendant's mouth, and said she would pull his cheek out. Defendant did his best to get away from them and he did strike complainant. The constable, no doubt attracted by the noise, came upon the scene, and charged all three with commiting a breach of the peace. Having regard to all circumstances, he thought defend- ant was justified in doing what he did. Defendant and his wife, Jane Spibey, gave evidence, and the case was dis missed.—Harriet Jones was then summoned for assault- ing Jane Spibey, wife of the last defendant, on the same date. Mr. Rigby appeared for the complainant and said after the episode about which they had just beard, complainant went to the Red Lion Inn to wait for her husband. She went into the parlour, and while she was sitting there, defendant came in, in a wild manner, struck her violently and dragged her from one end of the room to the other. The landlord took defendant away, and handed her to Constable Potts, who took her home. Complainant and George Arthur Elliott the landlord of the inn, bore out I\lr. Rigby's statement. P.C. Potts also gave evidence. Defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 20s. including costs.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR RECORDS AT BROOIMANDS.

A remarkable series of records was acco:nplished at Brooklitnds on ruesday by a group of Humber cars. There have been many records accomplished at Brook- lands, but always with either specially built racing cars or by what are technically known as" stripped " cars that is, chassis from which all the ordinary body has been taken off and in other ways specially prepared for the test. In this instance, however, there was no such special preparation, each of the Humbers being ordinary standard cars, with complete bodies, standard engines and gearboxes, and indeed exactly as sold to the public. The performance, therefore, affords the first genuine guide of what can actually be accomplishes' by a standard car on such a track as Brooklands. fhe team consisted of the principal makes of Humber:l at Coventry. There was the 10-12 h.p. Coventry Hutuber, ' sold at £235, the 15 h.p. Coventry Humber (£315) and the 30 h.p. six-cylinder Coventry Humber (1450). The times of each of these as officially certified were as follows : .

10-12 h.p. Coventry Humber 571• miles per hour. 15 h.p. do. 46; do. 30 h.p. do. 60 do. The most marvellous performance is that of the 10-12 h.p. Coventry Humber. That a car of such a low nominal horse-powey, and selling at only £235 should accomplish a speed of 371 miles per hour, with a standard chassis and body, shows the vast capabilities of the engine and the car. The performances of the other models were equally noteworthy and amply prove that , speed is equally a Humber characteristic in common with the well known reliability and everlasting wear of the most popular cars on the road. And again it should be noted that these performances are by cars exactly as sold to the public, so that the certified test may be taken as a guarantee by every buyer and user of the famous Humber productions, every item in which it should be noted is of purely British manufacture. In short, a veritable triumph for the British motor manufacture.

Insanitary Property. The executors of Benjamin Looker were summoned at the Borough Police Court on Monday under the Housing of Working Classes Act to show cause why a closing order should not be made in respect of 42 and 44, James-street, of which they are the owners. Mr. Steel, who represented the defendants, said the case was before the Court a month ago, when it was adjourned until that day to see if arrangements could be made between the Medical Officer of Health and the owners. No arrangements, however, had been made, as they had been unable to satisfy the authorities. A consider- able amount of work had to be done in connection with those houses, but unfortunately the owners bad not the money at present to do it. Therefore for the moment lie had no alternative but to consent to an order, and he would arrange with the Medical Officer that if at some future time they put the property in a proper state they could come before the Court and ask for the order to be annulled.—The Bench made all order for the property to be closed.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman " Examiner " 05ce, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week. Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real ?tante of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. TEMTRANCE REF'ORNI. While in full sympathy with much that your able contributor " Demos " writes in your last issue, it is 'apparent he looks upon the United Kingdom Alliance as composed solely of teetotallers. This is not necessarily so as the appended extract from its " Declaration of principles clearly shows. " The Alliance has no test of membership bearing upon the personal habits of its members, or as to their religious creed or political party. It invites the aid and co-operation of all good citizens, whether abstainers or not."

- JAMES DODDS.

March 4th, 1008. THE CHILDREN'S CHARTER. The Education (Administrative Provisions) Act of last year in conjunction with the Feeding of School Children Act may be called " the children's charter." The powers of these Acts are very wide, and if the full advantage is taken of them by the local authori- ties they will bring about a great improvement in the whole environment of the children, with a subsequent improvement in their physical conditions, and in the health of the nation. Clause 1 of the Memorandum issued by the Board of Education on the question of medical inspection reads :—" The Education (Aminis- trative Provisions) Act, 1907, in so far as it concerns the medical inspection of school children, is the out- come of a steady movement of public opinion through- out the entire community. For some years years past evidence has been accumulating that there exists in certain classes of the English people a somewhat high degree of physical unfitness which calls for ameliora- tion, and, as far possible, for prevention. The Legislature resolved that to grapple effectively with this problem, or at least part of it, it was necessary first to improve the health conditions, both personal and in regard to environment, of the children of the nation. A consideration of the gravity of the need led to the conclusion that medical inspection of school children is not only reasonable but necessary as a first practical step towards remedy. Without such inspection we not only lack data, but we fail to begin at the beginning in any measure of reform. The reasonableness of such inspection, if it is conducted on sensible lines leading to an improvement of the surroundings and physical life of the children, must become evident bath to their parents and to the nation as a whole. The broad requirements of a healthy life are comparatively few and elementary, but they are essential,and should not be regarded as applicable only to the case of the rich."

The Board have decided that not less than three inspections during the school life of the child will be necessary to secure the desired results. The first inspection should take place at the time of, or as soon after, admission to school ; the second at about the third year, and the third at or about the sixth year of school life (say at the tenth year of age). It i. also recommended that a further iospection should take place immediately before the departure of the child into working life. The Act empowers the Board of Education to instruct local authorities to make additional inspec- tions and of a mole searching character in special areas if thought advisable by the Board. The inspec- tion of school children is to be the medium whereby the conditions of the home life and the environment of the people are t ) be ascertained. The Memorandum points out that the Act is not only for amelioration of the present undesirable conditions, but is meant to be preventive also. _

The Act empowers local authorities to provide vaca— tion classes, play centres,and many other things of such a charae.ter which may be considere I to be in the interest of the physical improvement of the children attending public elementary schools. Children which are found to be defective in any way will be subject to more careful inspection than the average child. In the inspection notice must be taken of : (a) height and weight ; (b) nutrition (underfeeding or improper feed- ing) ; (c) cleanliness (iacluding vermin of head and body) ; (d) clothing (sufficiently, cleanliness and foot- gea.r.) . . .

From the foregoing it will he seen that the Act will be a most valuable one, and goes a long way towards what Socialists have advocated for some years i.e. the State maintenance of school children. If food and decent shelter must be provided, why not clothing? There are many other points which space forbids me to mention. In conclusion I trust that the whole- hearted support of the teachers and parents will be given to assist in carrying out the Act so that every possible good may be obtained from it. There can be no going back.

" THE SCOUT."

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS Latest Quotations BANK RATE 31% SET I.' ING DAY MARCH 12TH 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 21% 100 .87a ' 21% Annuities 100 ...92 2,.% Annuities 100 ...86 Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO .99 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ..97i1 Bank of England Stock lOO ...281 India Stock lOO .1011 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .36 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .34,i Loudon and County ',CI -004 x 1 London and Westmtnster '0 .511 Manchester and County l7 ..57i Manchester and Liverpool oistrictl2 ...46. Parrs Union of London 15i ...35 Union of Manchester ll .25 Williams Deacons 3 241 INDUSTRIALS;.&c . Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum Pref. 1 Bleachers Asso. 54 Cum. l'ref. 1 -.20/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Curs.) 1 Brad fo rd Dyers Ord 1 24/0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 -.21/0 British Insulated mud Helsby Cables Ord 5 61 British Insulated and Ilelsby Cables 6% Cam. Prot 5 •51 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. 'o 171 Buxton Lime Firms l6 6.1 Calico Printers Ordinary.. Castner Kellner Alkali 1 . 26/- Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ..81 Crostleld (J.) & Sons, 5% CUM Pre. Pref lO ..92 Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...95 Crosfleld, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO d:92 xd English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 -31/6 Evans (Itidal.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...9i do. do. -do. do. B 8 .7 Fletcher Russell S. Co., Ltd., Grdl _29;0 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd 6% Cum. l'ref 'o .111xd 47. Delis, lied. 100 .93 xd Hunters the Tealuen Ord. 1 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Prof. lO ...11/- Lipton Ordinary 1 .27/9 Meldrtim Bros., 51% Pref. 1 .5/3 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 53/0 do. do 75 Cum. Prof. 5 ...6 i Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Pref. 5 .4 Nantyglo S-, Blaina 8"/: Pref. l2i .731 Pearson & Knowles, Ord do. do. 6%. Cum. ['ref 5 Ai: Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Prel 5 ...11 fierrins Ltd. Ord. 1 -IF Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord -.37/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Pref. 4 .53 Salt Union Ordinary United Alkali Ordinary do. do. 7% Cum. Prof. lO .101 do. do. Deb. lOO ..109 Vulcan Foundry 1 27/6 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7l ...61 xcl do. do. do. do. do. lO .9 xd Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 17/6 do. do. do B Shares Warrington and Distnet Billpost: ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...17/6 The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Sher Brokers, BeiNsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 1/li, 2/9.—Advt.

. 41,

.

I

• • C

e,

•

I

===== 0002601_19080307_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
The RR A.TYIIIIOVI 1-7

I

The Examiner, Saturday March 7, 1908.

MY DEAR CHILDREN, How very busy I have been this week in goifig through the various suggestions sent by my members for new competitions. Some are very excellent, and will no doubt be utilised in the future. Now, you must bear in mind that I am a very modest man, and don't like talk- ing about myeelf. Well, quite a lot of letters have come to hand asking me to arrange a little drawing competition, and the subject to he—myself. Well, if you wish it I will submit. During the next four weeks this competition will be open—" the best sketch received of Uncle Ned." Send all efforts drawn on post- cards. I am not going to tell you what I am like, but I shall be very curious to see your ideas. One word, though, please, don't make me too ugly! The competition, as announced last week, must not be forgotten—the best penny toy sent in to be given to poor children. Fortull_particulars see my letter to you of last

__ LE "Bill," said a country parson, "I want a. little talk with you." Bill composed himself comfortably, and snuggled down on his stool. "Cleanliness, Bill," began the parson, "is one of the cardinal virtues of man." " Wot I " exclaimed Bill. " Don't I wash'?"

"Yes, Bill, you do wash, and, on the whole, you are a moderately cleanly personae; but you don't wanh all over. I am continually re- minded whenever I see you of the fact that you neglect your upper lip." "That ain't dirt, parson," objected the man; "that's my moustache!" "Wll, then, why don't you shave?" "Well, ye see," announced Bill, "a man's gotter have some place to strike his matches on." GERALD APPLEBY.

_ week. With love, UNCLE RED. Welcome to Clifford Croker, L. Fellows, Sarah Hatton, Lilian Croker, Gwendoline Croker, Ernest Emery, Cyril Carmell, M. Webber, Nora Mooring, Gerald Appleby, Nellie Fellows. Mirrors have been cent to Ernest Emery, Dorothy Carmen, Gerald Appleby.

Dear 1.7n0e Ned,—This is the first time I have written to you, and I should like very much to be one of your Members. I have en- closed a story, hoping my humble effort will be good enough to pint. A. V. BELLAMY.

',....,....„;40iii.;f': 211106' , ....; .i.:;. ''.l***..-;?!.4, ii:':f.' 't;.;...:',......,......4 . ~: '...' . . ~. : ...:: lr. 'i:. *--:.:•:'4fi... •*-:-:1-:1,.....,1.4,. r - tZi• r .':- :7-,... ",. ....'i '' . ...,i.::]f::....,..:;:.., .k,..:‘,7.. w;-.,,,?..„-I t ~ is%:',- :....,,:,,7.5--..,1 . ---.... 1117,r:::t......0:i1f. :::,:::.......,.h.,:,;‘>1.1:.1:.;.1.:.,..:4:!,,,..f.,41,140;2,;t:::,:,,,i.t.--.lsi.tit, ~,,'". ~,,,,..:..?;.‘,:,,,:f.51i4,,:;:,..?,..,!,ir,i,-..,....:,,.?.,..,...-%:-",0:4-•-1, - ,:=Tfiiig•t:F....., -..,•t,.. -, .','''' ' k--,:,,, it ~.. UNCLE ; ~..,,.._ -- . ''‘,],.:',....:;• .` . -N, .s'7': 0 'S - NED; ''''...?7', ./ \s:\•::.i--//,J, ,70- 51.:4%.:,,,J. ~ : :‘=-,.., i r„lt44 A..% ,-,...,-7;,. . ..,,?.....,,-...., ~..'...-. ~../ARMIL, ~, ~ ...:44,z.::,,,....:',1r...,,,:',A:,....-i: ...,:, ::',--,!.:44:, ,w.,,,tc,,.. ,:_.;,. ',-, •., . -....y:-.....h ~ ---.-,- w .T., ~.4,,,,,e....,ii,J4,4 ••• ::,,,,.:, -,N, . ~.....,....,:oz-kF, „„.._ STUBBJ " AND CHAFF.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
II WARRINGTON INCIDENT.

...4.\.,. \' \.- __ i - ,-\\ • \ ,i 141,14 : •ILt *l----4,,-,_• A ..,•- ,• , '‘. • '• '''' .\ '1 • •• t s:IFA',-'.:..) \ `4s*‘4"-1 ~,,,,.. >- ''' -:" •N sAL N,t,` \k\N i 1 '''''" f ..\ \ \ ' ...,,,K ~.,. N 1 i i'l ' *".....'•`', 'X\ ,‘,.,/ ./ 4,x ',,, " ‘--q. \ ... -,-0 .i• ----,---- .. - A • , '• ~,, , ,', '. im- ,„A \o\ , 1 ' •-''-': K. , \\\ ii\ , ' v't '\.‘ \\ 'AtiA,\N '\ •`, : '•!-46.,:•_. .: \ i \ \-•\\ \ II i \ •\\ \\ \ A 7 4LA'red 1, ~s;'11 \ ~, A \.. \ •I , /yp ~ % , - ~,z, •,i .. . • ‘-L- •\ ~ vill .., ~- ~,v. .i. _-*' \' , .: - • %,.1..,, _ - ~ % ,-,„ v,,,-, ..-- ---, :-..-vi t.,-",/,-;,,,-*\ VI, :=---..f.,i.•\ _ • \ . 111 •"""‘.`7-;',. I\-\\ ' . i 1 \ 111' s • ' . ''' t,P4k\ \ '-- \ , t \ ...‘,...1'" q —4-*--‘ *.. \ .-J.---. :., 4, t , .k,,,,,, , \ \c-"' \ ri; - \\\;\ ,\,,,&::\ \\_....--_,. \\ , \ \ \ \ :: \X4 ' ~\ I ‘ id' . ' \ At/ 0 _, 4,10 . A - ' I /17`i - : . ~--,.- '>, \ \ ; 4,4. aZiot -, *: A S':

===== 0002601_19080307_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS

Getting wet—especially *et feet—is a common That Doan's Backache Kidney Pills cure to stay cause of colds and chills, and colds, chills, and cured is proved by the case of Mrs. H. Crooks, 4, Fairclough-avenue, Warrington' for it was oversews influenza are a frequent cause of kidney troubles. pears after we first heard of the benefit she had Above all, you must be most careful if you think a derived from the medicine that she said :—" I've chill or cold has struck you in the back ;it will always kept right with my kidneys since I used surely fly to your kidneys and will result, unless your pills • they are really a most wonderful medicine. 'I have never used a remedy like them, you attend to it at once, in serious kidney disease. and lam always pleased to know I have some of It is no use at all, as far as the kidney trouble is them in the house." concerned, taking medicine for your cold, chill, or Mrs. Crooks' original statement is as follows : " The doctor told me that my ailment was caused influenza; you must help the kidneys themselves, by my kidneys not acting properly, but his treat- they cannot put themselves right, and will grow meet did me no good, and I gradually grew worse. worse and worse. But Doan's Backache Kidney My son-in-law obtained some of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills for me, and the first few doses helped Pills, being a special kidney medicine, will cure me. I continued with the medicine, and it has them and keep you cured, made me well again. Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are a medicine for "The symptoms of my kidney trouble were dreadful pains in my loins and head, swelling of the the kidneys only, and if you are one of those who limbs and urinary disorder. My sight was affected, suffer from overwork, or trying work, or from and specks seemed to float before my eyes; I was worry, or from chills and colds, you will find, as full of wind. " But, thanks to Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, have thousands of others, that Doan's Backache I am free from those troubles now, and I am Kidney Pills will protect you from kidney disease, indeed grateful to the medicine for bringing me or, if you are attacked by it, will cure you. back to health. (Signed.) Hannah Crooks.' Another point is that rheumatism, sciatica and Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two qlsillings and lumbago—often the results of chills and colds—are ninepenee per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings aid caused by diseased or weak kidneys, and are there- ttneesptencfer)o.m Of Foasltlerc-Illlsetl!anandcostorep oltrensgttrfereete fore cured—permanently cured—by Doan's Backache Oxford-street, London, W. Bo sure co., get exactly the Kidney Pills, same kind of pills that Mrs. Crooks bad. !Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Sciatica. I f Backache, Urinary Troubles, Dropsy are caused by Weak or Diseased Kidneys, and are cured by

(From "Punch.")

LADY OF UNCERTAIN .A.GE (to horrid child): "And how old are you?" Horrid Child: "Five. How old are you?" Lady of Un- certain Age: "Oh, I don't remember the year I was born." Horrid Child: "Well, then, tell me the century." LOCAL MAGNATE (about to try his hand with a pick on occasion of first visit to coal- mine): 'l'm afraid I shan't make much of a job of it." Miner: "But tha'll be able to say tha's tried to do an honest bit o' 'work for once in tha life 1" a result of a terrific storm ,which has raged in the Black Sea Vincent Corbett K C.V.O.' to be his Majesty's Minister Resi- dent at Caracas."—" Westminster Gazette." [Surely this is explicit enough to satisfy even Mr. H. C. Lea, M.P.] " MB attendance was

estimated

32,0001."—" Manchester Evening Chronicle." • [A very happy compromise between meticu- lous accuracy and a vague round shot.] MR. MACARTNEY, the surveyor to E. Paul's Cathedral, is reported in the "Daily Mail" as sa—ying'The two towers are out of the - perpendicular, the one to the north and the other to the south; and the portico has fol- lowed the direction of the towers, and in ad- dition has moved westwards." [This is too much. We strongly advise the Dean and Chapter to get rid of it, and advertise for a steady young portico to take its place.] TWENTY policemen were engaged in an ex. citing hunt for two suspects on County Conn- ' ell land in Kingsway last week. This should , serve to emphasise the danger of these vast 1 uninhabited tracts of land which are bound in time to become the retreat of outlaws and the lurking place for highwaymen. Wu are promised an exceptionally severe December. We trust, however, that it is not too late to express a hope that the rivalry between this month and August will not be carried to absurd extreinee. AN ECHO FROM OLYMPLA.—StaII Atten- dant (after answering old gent's innumerable inquiries as to prOperties, qualities and prices of lubricating oil) : "Might I ask, sir, what sort of car yours is? Old Gent: "Car? Oh, I haven't got a car. I was OPly just wondering if it would do for my lawn- mower." COMMERCIAL Tuurrvijnu. A Better Way. "Don't Suffocate your baby. Use s Safety Soothers; from chemists, Id. to 6d. "—The "Star."

(From "Illusfrated Bits.")

OLD CASHBY "But if. my. daughter mar-

ries you, will she have al: the e:Smforts to which she has been accustomed?" Young de Brogue: "Well, it will be your fault if she hasn't." „_ _

WILLIE (aged seven): "Pa, I can do some- thing you can't." ris Father: "What's that? ' Willie: "Crow." • . - .

SQUILBOB: "There are three periods in a man's life when be does not understand a .woman." Squilliean: "And they are?" Squilbob: "Before he knows her, when he knows her, and ,afterward!".

ANAGER : es; Starleigh is always sneering at the low intelligence of his audi- ences. 'Wrong; isn't it?" Critic: "He's right. They stand him, dori't they?" THE BARBER : "You're pretty young to be so bald, sir." Man in Chair: "Can't help it. I was horn bald."

7 i'iisl7--11(Tisi: "Singular things, these motor-cars." Second horse: "Yes, indeed. - They don't shy at each other." Mts. COLIN EARLY: "Do you ever permit your husband to have his own way?" Mrs. S!rougmind: "Oh! yes, now and then. It doesn't hurt to let him make a fool of him- self- occasionally." HAND READER (after carefully examining old lady's hand for some time): "You have a life line." Old Lady (sceptically and with dialain): "Well, I have hung out on it for. eighty-six years." . THE MANAGER: "The only objection I have to this production is that the waits are so long." Leading • Man: "Yes, especially for aalary."

PlasHEs or WIT.---ords in season—satT and pepper. It doesn't harm double houses to be rent munder. In making a false coin, does the counterfeiter forge a head? Sweet dis- positions are not among the things preserved in a family jar. Posmt.---"l've been preaching all this morning to a congregation of asses!" "Ah! ti-t's why you called em 'beloved brethren' so many times." "FAITH WITHOUT WouKs."—The pro- fessor had been annoyed by the late entrance of a student. He pointedly ceased talking until the student took his seat. After lecture the student apologised. "Professor," said he. "my watch was fifteen minutes out of the way. It's bothered me a good deal lately, but after this I shall put no more faith in it." "It's not faith you want in it," replied the professor, "it's works.'' BETwEEN THE DANCES.—"I have danced with only two really nice girls all the even- ing." "Who .was the other one?" sin PROMISED.—"I can't spare the money very well, but I'll lend it to you if you, pro- mise not to keep it too long." "I'll under- take to spend every penny .of it before to- morrow morning." "

TIiAT'S 'ALT. RIGHT !—Mother (to future son-in-law): "I may tell you that though Maria is well educated, she can't cook." Future Son-in-law : "That doesn't matter much, so lorrg as she doesn't try."' °NIA' AN Eeno.—The political speaker had utterly bored his audience. Suddenly a man at the back of the hall (where all the humouri4ts at public meetings congregate) gave a lifelike imitation of a donkey's voice.. The audience was convulsed with laughter. But the speaker asked very sternly: "Who brayed there?" The than at the back of the hall shouted out: `.`lt was only an echo, sir. Go on with your speech !" And the oratot wished he could think of a repartee.

(From ," Pick-Me-Up.")

"EVER been in Siberia?" asked the re- porter. "Er—yes," answered the distill- guiihed refugee: "I took a knouting there one summer." _

DUNN: "What do you think of Dauber's latest picture. after Ruhens?" Brown: "I think that Rubens would be, after Dauber if he could see it.:'

"Ys; I learned to dance by correspon- dence." "I thought so." "Iv suppose you noticed how light 'I am on my feet?" "No; but I noticed how light you aren't on mine." COULDN'T SPEAK FOR THAT.—Passer-by (to beggar): "I have given you a penny; you might at least say Thank you.'' Beggar: ''What? Me a deaf-and-dumb man and begin to-epeak for a paltry penny?" TOO• CAEEFUL.—"Be sure you're right, and then go ahead," said the man who likes to quote. "Yes," answered the energetic citi- nen. "But try not to waste too much time making sure, or you're liable to be like the man who studied his time-table so long that he missed his train." .

.... A CLEAN SLATE.—" Great Scott r' said, the doctor to his servant. "Has nobody called during my two days' absence? I left this slate here for callers to write their names on, and it is perfectly clean." "Oh! yes, sir," res- ponded the servant, cheerfully. "A lot of folks has came. An' the slate got so full o' names that only this mornin' I had to rub 'em all cut to make room for more THE OLD 'AWKINS FAMILY.—"Yes," said Hawkins, who had recently bought some old silver at auction, "this is the old Hawkins family plate." "Indeed?" said the observant guest; 'but surely this is an `A ' engraved upon it?" "Is it? o—er—yes, of course. The original Hawkinses were not very well edu- cated, you know." TAKEN AT HIS WORD.—Master Walter, aged five, had eaten the soft portions of his toast at breakfast, and piled the crusts on his plate. "When I was a little boy," remarked I[ll.s:father, who sat opposite him, "I always [ate the crusts of my toast." ".Did you like ' then P" inquired his offspring, cheerfully. 'Yes," replied the parent. "You may have Ciese," said Master Walter, pushing his plate across the table.

"Do you believe that Samson lost lire strength by having his hair cut?" asked the nonbeliever. "I have no reason to doubt it,'" replied the practical man. "A 'talkative barber always makes me tired."

Gladys (at the seashore) : "Are you hay- ing as many proposals .s you had last season?" biayme (wearily) : "Oh, 'yes, but they are all fr.am the same ms t I was en- gaged to last easuamer." .1!

• lo Ca as - pet oth low diti, muc • Chai steac eitiq oil la serve nninln in tim the lu: WE Deccmi too latA between carried AN / dant (al inquiries prices of what sot "Car? C just vvont- mower." COMMER Way. --'s Safe to 6d."—T, OLD CASE ries you, wi which she h, Brogue: "N hasn't." WILLIE (ag thing, you cr that? ' Willie SQUILROR: .man's life whk woman." Sql Squilbob: "R knows her, and MaNadEn: sneering at the .ences. Wrong, They stand him, THE BARER: so bald, sir." M I was born bald.' FIRST HOME motor-cars." Se( - They don't shy at Mits. COLIN EA your husband to I S:roagmiud: "Oh doesn't hurt to let self- occasionally." HAND READER • old lady's hand for life line." Old Lad dialain): "Well, I eighty-six years." THE MANAGER : to this production is long." Leading Man aalary." (From " CRattrrErß: "Whe: -me he said that anyo learn to drive the ca "Really! And how 1 imuss 2"

===== 0002601_19080307_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
(From "Sketchy Bits.")

CHatirrErn : "When the master engaged me he said that anyone with brains could learn to drive the car at once." Maid: "Really! And how long, did you take to

===== 0002601_19080307_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
UNCLE NED'S DREAM.

Uncle Ned sat in his room, busily engaged in preparing the " Children's Corner" for the next publication. ".1..h: done at last," he murmured, as he drowsily leaned back in his chair. He sat gazing at the clock with ite. monotonous " tick- tcck," till at last he fell asleep. Uncle Ned woke up with a start; he had been dreaming. r,He then put on his coat and hurried home to tea. While at tea he told his peculiar dream. _ _

"I was in my office, when I heard a little tap-tap' on my door, and a little squeaky voice saying. • Uncle Ned, are you there?' I went to the door, and saw a poor little girl with hardly any shoes to her feet, and a ragged old shawl on her head. I took her in, and asked her some questions. 'Well, what brings you here, Minnie?' for ivkich was her name. 'Father got chunk, and I ain't had anything to eat all day.' 'You must be very hungry then,' I answered. I then gave her some buns, four of which she eagerly devoured. After a time, she said, 'Uncle Ned, could I take these two buns home to mother?" Certainly,' I replied; but I could not help thinking of the warm little heart under these rags. Though only a dream, I hope the readers of the Children's Corner' will copy Minnie's example, and thus fulfil one of God's holy Commandments."

===== 0002601_19080307_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAVED FOR LOVE.

"Is is true that you threw something at your husband that eaused the swelling over his eye? " the county magistrate inquired of a little wiry Iriehwoman, who appeared one day, sobbing as if her heart would break. "Yis, sr, I did," said the woman, catching her breath "but I niver mint to hurt him, an' well he knows it. We'd just come home from me cousin's weddin', an' I was feelin' kind o' soft to Mike, an' I up an' axed him if he loved me as much as he did the day we was married; an'—an' yer 'anner, he was slow antswerin' me, that. I up wid the mop an' flung it at him. If we poor women don't have love our hearts jist breaks inside av us." LILY ROSE.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
.----.....,...-

Dear Uncle Ned,—l was very pleased to find I had won eeeond prize in " Clothing " com- petition. I must thank you very much for the nice box of chocolates which I received yester- day. I had no idea I should win such a nice prize. I seem to have been in luck's way lately, us my twelfth birthday was on January 31st, when I had no less than twenty-one presents, amongst which were five books. I am very fond of books, and they are my dada's " hobby." He has hundreds. He was telling me not long ago that he met you in the train, and you may be sure that I asked him plenty of questions about you; but he does not care to tell me all he knows, but I hope I may see you some day. I am enclosing a little piece of poetry, which I have made up myself on a little tale I heard. DOROTHY M. STARKE.

A gentleman was fishing recently from Brighton pier-head. He had been unsuccessful for the last two hours, when one of the local idlers, who had been watching him closely, hazarded this remark, "I , say, sir, what bait have you got on yer 'ook?" "Cheese," said the angler, who knew more of fresh water angling than salt. "Why, bless yer," said the man, "you've come to the wrong place; there ain't any mice here I" GERTIE SCRIVIEN.

LITTLE THINGS. Line by line the book is written, , Stitch by stiat the pattern groweth, Stone by stone the temple riseth, Drop by drop the etrearnlet floweth. Drops and lines and stones and stitches, Tiny things becoming grand; Lay ye to your hearts the lesson, Travellers to the far-off land. Faint not, for the goal is certain,

- Step by step ye draw .anear, Day by day sure progress making Towards the home ye hold so dear.

A man who has travelled round the world has discovered as the result this remarkable fact: "A young Jones is born every forty minutes."

"What curious things carpets are " said a girllittle to her mother. "Why so?" asked her mother. " Because, although they are bought by the yard they are worn out by the feet."

An excited American orator singled out from him audience a little German Jew who seemed ranch impressed, and thus addressed him— " Furriner, didn't you come to this country to escape from tyrannical, downtrodden, and op- pressed Europe? He paused for a reply, when the little pedlar eqeaked out, "No. sur ; I comes to dis country to sell cheap ready-made clothe."

===== 0002601_19080307_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CRAFTY IRISHMAN.

An Englishman, Irishman, and a Scotchman once had. a big loaf given to them to divide. Not knowing,how to do this, they decided to go to sleep, and the one that had the biggest dream •should have the loaf. So when they awoke, the Scotehman said to the Englishman, "What did you dream?" "I," said the Englishman, "dreamed that all London belonged to me." Then the Englishman said to the Scotehman, "What did you dream?" "I," said the Scotchman, "dreamed all the world belonged to me." Men the Englishman said to the Irishman, "What did You dream?" "I," said the Irishman, "dreamed I was hungry, so I got up and eat the loaf." _

FLOSSIE C. NE,LLZ.

PONDERING OVER A PROBLEM.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
GFOOTBALLS VEve

"I've been pondering over a, problem of life," said A. "What is it?" said B. "How putting a ring on a woman's third finger should place you under the woman's thumb." CYRIL CARMELL.

HE KNEW. In a quiet little village, Far from any market town, Lived a simple country yokel, Whose name was Thomas Brown. Re really was quite silly, The other lads would say; He never did a stroke of work, Or helped in any way. He did not know a shilling From a sovereign made of gold; He knew no worth in money, At least, so they'd been told. One day they thought they'd test him, So Farmer Stokes's son Called the village lads together, And planned to have some fun. Let's lay a golden sovereign And a shilling on my hand, Just to se which one he chooses, Said the leader of the band. So they called poor Tom one morning, And did as Stokes had told; " Take which you like, Tom, lad," said he. They feared he'd take the gold. But, no, Tom took the shilling, Their amazement knew no bound; To think that Tom had been so green As to miss a golden pound. This trick was tried by others, But Tom always did the same; They thought him very silly, But still enjoyed the game. One day Tom's mother asked him Why the shilling he always took, And why he refused the sovereign— He gave her a knowing look. Torn answered her quite coolly, "Why, you silly, can't you see, I always take the shilling 'Cause its much more use to me I" "I always take the white 'un; It's more to me, I'm sure, * For if I took the gold 'un, I'd never get no more."

, DOROTHY STARKE

A schoolmaster who happened to have red hair was giving an object lesson to a class on nutt3.

In his endeavour to draw a distinction be- tween a hazel nut and other nuts, he held one up. to. view,. asking:— _ .

"What kind of -a nut is this?" at the same time, without a thought, putting his pencil to his head while waiting for an answer. Suddenly a young chap, who was noted fpr his witty answers, replied, "A ginger nut, sii." F. R. KNOWLES.

Earwigs, though they are not devoid of good qualities, must be reckoned as destructive in- sects, doing much harm in gardens by the injury they-cause to flowers and fruit. Could we credit all the storieS about them we might believe that, not content with injuring man's property, they even attack himself, as they are supposed to enter the ears of sleeping persons and penetrate the brain. This story, which has apparently no foundation in fact, has ex4sted in all times, and in all countriee. In Britain. there are several 'kinds of earwigs, some larger and some smaller than the common earwig, but they are -rarely seen. The largest of the European species, nearly twice the size of the common one, lives amongst the stones on the seashore and on the banks of the riiiers, feeding on insects and other invertebrate animals.

Three gentlemen during a converoation agreed to pay a guinea each to the one who should tell the tallest and most ridiculous story. The Ant commenced his story thus: " There was once an honest lawyer*" " Stop!" cried the rest of the party, '"here's our money."

Among 'domestic animals the horse is mo• liable to succumb to the craving for alcoholic liquor. When a horse shows symptoms of tak- ing cold, it is quite usual with come people to give him a good stiff drink of whisky in his feed. The average horsp swallows ill, alcoholic mixture with great relish, but during the fol- lowing day he will exhibit symptoms of fatigu%

Given away weekly. competitor receives something.

EVERY TUESDAY during DECENIBER, JANUARY and FEBRUARY we will give away SIX SPLENDID FOOTBALLS for the six most interesting Postcards we receive during the preceding week, YOU CAN PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either A GOOD JOKE, STORYETTE, CONUNDRUM, PUZZLE, SKETCH, or anything else that you think is interesting—ANYTHlNG BUT A LIMERICK—and if your postcard is among the SIX best received in the week in which it is sent, you will receive a FOOTBALL. To every competitor, be he or she PRIZE WINNER or not, will be sent a sample bottle of

MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE.

ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY:

Newhall et Mason, Nottingham.

Good f It's Mason's Coffee Essence.

200 YEARS A SECRET.

GRANNIE OINTMENT FORikii.TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has een kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES.

It at onc;;Caa—ti;;;;;;I 'heals. and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despa;red ferae for I4stamps. GRAN NI E COMPANY, NORW I C

• • , . • „,

===== 0002601_19080307_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
. . , • .. , . . , .. . , . . . . , 14 r, . ~. , ._. .. . . . ?... Se:• BACKAC .:-E- KIDNEY PILLS 4'- .

•

FREE CHURCH COUNCIL.

PUBLIC MEETING AT WARRINGTON.

Vigorous Speeches.

In connection with the annual gatherings of the i National Free Church Council which have been held at Southport this week, a public meeting promoted by the Warrington and District Free Church Council was held in Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Thursday evening. There was a large and representative attendance and the powerful speeches which wore delivered were listened to with grelt interest. Mr. C. E. Parker presided in the absence of Mr. Moses Atkinson, of Leeds, who had been announced to take the chair, and there were also present on the platform the Revs. James Travis (Chester), J. G. Stevenson (Brighton), W. Kingscote-Greenland, (Chingford), S. Pitt, T. Miller, John Yonge, J. 13. Buglass, J. S. Hughes, and Mr. E. Wynes Jones (one of the hou. secretaries). Mr. Wynne Jones read a litter of apology far non- attendance from Mr. Moses Atkinson. THE EDUCATION QUBSTION.

The CHAIRMAN said that as they had such all excel- lent deputation he did not intend to give anything in the nature of an address. He would have liked to refer to the education question because he thought they had been too silent in Warrington with regard to it. (Hear, hear.) The other aspects of the question had been brought into such prominence and the citzen's aspect had been ignored and those representing the citzens had been silent. Possibly other opportunities would be open for him to say what little he could upon that subject.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEEDS OF THE AGE.

The Rev. W. KINGSCOTE-GREENLAND, who is well known as the editor of the" Young Man," began his address by announcing that he was a Methodist preacher who devoted a third of his time to the Baptist denomination and a third to the Congregationalists— (langhter)—so that he was a pretty good living illustra- tion of the federated churches. Personally he had no denominationalism in him, and there were few things he had less interest in and less respect for than sectarianism. He did not care the dust on their linoleum what was the name of the chapel or the denomination he was in or speaking for. He gave them the same gospel and very often the same sermon. (Laughter.) Alluding to the fact that the National Council had given unanimous support to

THE EDUCATION' RILL, he said they had not done so with any blind- ness to the very serious matter of the con- tracting-out clauses. He hoped no-one thought that their unanimity meant that they were per- fectly satisfied with what they had got. As not only Free Churchmen, but as something a million times more important—as present-day followers of Jesus Christ—they sent all the support and moral backing they could to the Licensing Bill. (Applause.) Mr. Greenland proceeded to address himself to the young people. One of the few bright signs of these very perplexing times was that there never were so many people in the world so earnestly desiring to bless the world with some gift for its good as there were to-day. He did not believe there were ever so many would-be philanthropists alive as to-day, but side by side with that fact there were the two pathetically qualifying ones that there was great perplexity as to what it was the world wanted to have done for it or to have given to it, and there was 'great uncertainity and diffidence on the part of young people as to whether, even if they knew what the world wanted, they had power to give it. Curiously enough, the idea of giving was becoming almost inextricably associated with the giving of material gifts, not to say of one material gift—money. Necessary as money was in its own limited place there was not a church in England to-day of any denomination whose

NEED OF MONEY was not its last need. People had the impression that, the world must be redeemed by the great and ' wealthy and by those who could give largely.l Thirty-nine millions out of the 43,00%000 t of us did not come within the beneficent clause of the income tax—(laughter)—so that really we were a nation of paupers with a few swells at the top. (Laughter.) If the world had to be redeemed by the great r,ifts of great people we could not redeem it and it would never be redeemed. Was there no higher philanthropy ? He thought there was. The speaker went on to show that the best gifts in life, the most operative and influential gifts, were gifts that money could not buy and which had no financial equivalent. God's greatest gift to everyone present of any ordinary char- acter, short of some supernatural gift or of some tragic exception, was the gift of their mother. In a thousand times more important and deeper sense than the merely physiological one, they were all their mother's children. If he were Mr. Carnegie or Baron Rothschild, which God forbid, and he wanted to do a service to them he could not base their lives at this day in an influential, deep, splendid and operative motherhood. The speaker also pointed out what a great deal of their moral stand- ing and of what they counted for in their day and generation they owed to things they bad read. If it were true that the gifts which had gone to their making were not purchasable with money, did it not suggest that probably the world was perishing for the want of some immaterial gift and if that could be estabished,the sphere of church philanthropy for those who had no great material gifts was opened up. At that very hour the world was perishing for the lack of four great gifts and If it possessed them it. would be saved. The first was the gift of dedicated, consecrated intelligence. Most people were willing to do anything for God's Kingdom but to think for it. Many who laid their money on God's altar would not put their intelligence, judgment, shrewdness and power of thought at His dis- posal. Referring to the unwillingness of large numbers of educated young people to become Sunday school teachers, Mr. Greenland asked what was the use of a good education if it only turned them into snobs? Alluding to the importance of Christian men devoting attention to

PUBLIC AFFAIRS, be said he beard all over the country how men of wisdom, integrity and strong religious position in the towns, quiet men, did not like the hurly-burly of municipal life, and the Councils fell into the hands of the sycophant, the jobber, the contract-hunter, and we got the scandals we were getting all over the country. It was a Christian duty to sit on the Town Council and watch the interests of one's fellow-citizens. The second great gift for which the world was dying was moral inspiration, and it was also desperately in need of comfort. This world was not a happy one, and they as Christians were the ambassadors and followers of One who was pre-eminently the great Consoler. The in of England, continued the speaker, was not immorality or drunkenness. How was it their ministers were always preaching on the sins of the flesh? Why did they not observe the *aster's own propor- tion and emphasise the sum of the spirit ? There were churches in all denominations which were in the grip of men of bitter and disturbing spirit and they let them go on year after year, to the death, stag- nation and crippling of their churches. There was something better than comfort which they could impart to the world and that was their religion. The only gift worth giving to God or man, concluded Mr. Greenland, the gift which both desired and needed was not the gift of what we had but the gift of what we were. The essence of Christianity was not self-sacrifice but self- expression. Let them pay their duty to God and men not only in the yellow currency of the realm, but as they loved England and their own denominations and as, for Christ's sake, they loved men and women, let them pay it in the blood red currency of their own hearts. (Applause.) THE RISE OF THE DEMOCRACY.

The Rev. J. G. STEVENSON, who succeeded the Rev. R. J. Campbell at Brighton, began by congratulating the meeting on having a man possessed of such public spirit and so thorough-going a Nonconformist as Mr. Parker for their chairman. (Applause.) The present time, he went on, was ripe with great issues end, if only for their own sakes, they must speak out. There was not the slightest doubt that at last the democracy were awake. Which way they were looking and to what things they were alert were perhaps for question, but there was the fact that for good or evil, as he believed for good, the democracy were absolutely awake. There must be in the political movements of the people of to-day a very strongly religious element. There was no safe base for the democratic theory except a spiritual base.lf the people were simply going to rule the people by stress of numbers or by united pimical force, then there was no continuity, no permanence in any Government that was so built up. The o ly possible way in which they were going to get RAL AND SOUND STATE was along these lines—the spiritual vision not only of the rights of the people to rule themselves but of their duties to rule. Only so far as in the up-building of a democracy they spiritualised every part of the fabric, were they going to build a temple that would last!. Since history was God's Bible for the nations, if history meant anything at all it meant that there must be no secular politics, especially in a democracy, and he bad no belief in any day of the people that was not heralded by the bright morning star that stood still over the Bethlehem stable. It was well for the people to have the oars, but woe to the people unless Christ was at the helm. From what quarter was that religious element to be supplied ? There were only two qunrters from which at present it was likely to come—from , their high Anglican and Roman Catholic friends or from churches of the type that were federated , in the Free Church Council. Whatever they could do I with John Bull, they could not drive him. They must I give him religious ideas that coalesced with national characteristics, and that type would ultimately provide the religious element in the national democracy. Mr. Stevenson sought to show that the Roman Catholic and High Anglican principles of religion were at variance with the national characteristics of individuality, courage and initiative. The ideal of Roman Catholicism and High Anglicanism was subordination, but the idea

_

of Protestantism and Free Churches was development, and that was at the bottom of

THE EDUCATION. QUESTION.

(Hear, hear.) It was not a matter of wrangling between Church and Chapel. The Bill which had put been brought in was not as their friends were trying to say, a Chapel Bill. Those contracting-out clauses would not • be in it if it were anything of the sort, and Cowper. Temple teaching was not dissenting teaching. Their friends said undenomlnational teaching was not Chris- tianity—that it was this, that and the other. He , had a little question he would like to ask ' them. What wds it that held the Church of England together to-day? 'Was it not the same t undenominational teaching that they said was not , 1 Christianity? Think of the divisions in the Church I lof England—Low Church, Broad Church and High Church,—.John Rensit, Lord Halifax, and Canon I , Hensley Henson. What roped those three together? ilt was not devotion to the establishment, it was not 'the love for the loaves and fishes that came from a I State connection. What held them together? Unde- • nominationalism, of course—the sort of sub-stratum of ' religion on which they all agreed. (Applause.) Cowper- , Temple teaching, as the present Archbiskop of Canter- bury said more than once, was a base di which they could build up later on either the teaching of the Church or any other teaching. This Bill was not Nonconformist Bill. It was a civic Bill—a Bill for making citizens, and it was only Nonconformist to this extent: The watchword of *Nonconformity and of Protestantism was development. The watchword of true citizenship was development for every individual to his maximum possibility, and that was the only extent to which it was a Nonconformist , Bill. Reverting to the matter of individuality .1 as exemplified in the Free Churches the speaker said there was nothing worse in the world than ; ; across-grained individuality,but there was nothing better I I than a consecrated individuality and by that consecrated , individuaility the Free Churches existed to-day. There ; were places in England to-day where it took plenty of pluck to be a Free Churchman. Their fathers made ' their churches what they were because they had the courage and initiative to come out of churches that were not worthy of them. Individuality, courage, initiative were all vital principles of Free 'Church life. Then for heaven's sake, let the democracy look for ; religious guidance in directions where they would get the type of religion that coalesced with the national ! genius and which would assist them on the right lines • to a God-given development. (Applause.) Mr. • I Stevenson concluded by emphasising that the spiritual counted for most of all, and the vital question was not , to which denomination or political party they belonged , or what they thought of tariff reform or anything of ti the sort. The vital question was : what was their , relationship to Christ, and how far were they denomin- ated by it? (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19080307_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NO CAUSE FOR PESSIIIISn.

The Rev. JAMES TRAVIS, of Chester, an ex-President of the Primitive Methodist Conference and of the National Free Church Council, was the last speaker. He said disparagement of the churches and their work was one of the most marked features of the day. Censures were hurled at them from pulpit, platform and Press,from club-room and public-house, from politicians and from Mr. Balfour's famous" man in the street." All

===== 0002601_19080307_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THB EVILS OF SOCIETY

were laid at the door Of the Church. That was some- 1 times done by politicians who would strive to enervate any measure for crippling the liquor traffic or for removing social evils which were a disgrace to our civilisation and an insult to our Christianity. (Applause.) The cry of the failure of the churches was as easy as it was fashionable. If the critics meant that the churches had not accomplished all they might or ought to have done,then headmitted failure. But apply that test all round, and where were they going to meet with success ? There was no Church, no political party, no charitable organization, no national institution which had accomplished all that it might have done. There was no preacher, no statesman, no teacher, no reformer, no leader of labour who had done all that he might have done. Our political and social reforms, our hospitals and infirmaries, our schools and colleges had not done all that they might have done by a long way, but they had done enough to repay us many a time over the time, energy and money we had expended. "If you could blot out the direct and the indirect work of the Christian Churches of this country you would paralyse and destroy our benevolent institutions; you would take the wheels from the chariot of modern progress and extinguish in the hearts of men the purest motives, the noblest aspirations and the most inspiring hopes that ever burnt in human souls. We have done enough surely to save us from being blighted by the sneer of the cynic or shrivelled up by the wail of the pessimist." (Applause.) Alluding to

===== 0002601_19080307_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE -CHURCH PROGRESS,

Mr. Travis said they were now in the majority in Englsnd etnd Wales. They provided far more religious accommodation and they had about 1,000,000 more children in their Sunday schools, and taking into account universal Christendom, their communicants were three, four or five times as numerous as the com- municants in the Anglican Church. The Free Churches had persistently resented privileged priesthood s and ecclesiastical castes, and they had stood for the divine right of every man, woman and child to free and direct access to God through Jesus Christ without the inter- vention of any priest, altar or ecclesiastical formulary. (Applause.) They must turn their faces to the future with unwavering faith. There never were so many capable ministers and laymen in their churches as there were to-day. Their Free Churches never had the wealth, intelligence, prestige, power, facilities and opportunities they had to-day, and with the spirit of their fathers burning like a fire in their bones, they would accomplish greater things than ever they had done. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19080307_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LICENSING BILL.

Mr. E. WYNN-E:JTON-is-i-nfe-r-ri;ea the Meeting that by Sunday next resolutions would be circulated in every Church and Sunday school on the Licensing Bill and it was hoped that they would take up the matter with all possible earnestness. They must back up the Govern- ment—(hear, hear).—for if they did not, who would ? the brewers, the House of Lords ?—certainly not. They had to fight the matter and he hoped they would do it bravely and well. He also suggested that as many Free Churchmen as possible should send postcards to the Borough Member reminding him of what he should do at this time. (Applause.) The meeting then closed with the Doxology.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT AT STOCKTON HEATH.

With the commendable object of assisting the funds I of the Stockton Heath District Nursing Association a concert, arranged by the Misses Sutton, was held in the Church Institute on Monday evening. It was gratifying to see the effort so welt supported by the inhabitants of the locality. Every available seat was occupied and the audience was appreciative and enthusiastic in a marked degree. The programe was of more than ordinary interest and was su agreeably diversified as to maintain keen attention for three hours. The Misses Sutton and pupils who were responsible for the major part of the entertainment are to be warmly congratulated upon the success of their enter- prise. With the majority of the audience, the most popular features were undoubtedly the costume songs and dances in which a number of young ladies and gentlemen took part. The bright and, tuneful "Tell me pretty maiden " from Florodora " was admirably given by the Misses Davenport, Nield, Walsh and Isherwood, and Messrs. L. Sutton, V. Roberts, J. Sutton and F. Isher- wood. The pretty coon songs and dances " Dinah " and "Swanee River " by the Misses Davenport, Nield, Rogers, Walsh, Isherwood and Dobson were particu- larly pleasing and a special word of praise is due to the soloist, Miss Davenport. The quartet and dance " Come little girl " in which the Misses Walsh, Nield and Davenport and Messrs. Isherwood, L. and J. 1 Sutton were associated, also went with a delightful swing, and the Spanish dance, with which the concert concluded, was gracefully executed. The attractive- ness of each of these items was enhanced by the lime- light effects, and the productions were adequate in every respect. Miss M. Sutton gave a pianoforte solo, Mendelssobn's "Andante " and " Rondo Capricciosa " in a distinctly creditable manner, evidencing good technique and tasteful expression. She was associated with Miss E. Isherwood in the duet "Polish dance" which was well played. Miss F. Sutton possesses vocal talents of a high order and her rich and powerful veice found full scope in "The -enchantress ' which was artistically interpreted. A hearty encore was responded to with " A May morning," affording a pleasing con- trast in styles. Other songs which added to the enjoyment of the evening were :—" Down the vale " by Mrs. Law, "Love's coronation " by Miss Roscoe (with violin obligato by Mrs. • W. B. Roberts), " Take a pair of sparkling eyes" and " The last watch " by Mr. E. Houghey (Manchester), " Asthore " by Miss B. Robertson, "Bedouin love sonerand " ! Jolly Jenkin " by Mr. Greenhalgh. Miss Robertson and Mr. Greenhalgh had the honour of recalls and as additional items sang " The Holy City " and " The Veteran's song " respectively. Mr. T. Boothroyd fully maintained his reputation as an accomplished violinist, his renderings of Sonatina "(Farmer), and "Chanson Polonaise " (Wieniawski) being. characterised by brilliance of execution and musicianly taste. He was vigorously encored for the latter and played the beautiful " Berceuse de Jocelyn " (Godard). The humorous part of the prograrna.e was in the hands of Mr. Victor Roberts whose songs and patter were quite up-to-date and created considerable merriment. Miss M. Sutton and Mrs. W. B. Roberts were efficient accompanist.

-- FUNERAL SERVICE IN A BALLROOM. In connection with the funeral of Lord Linlithgow on Thursday there was a very simple service in she ballroom of the residence of the deceased peer. The plain funeral car upon which the coffin was conveyed to ,the famity mausoleum was drawn by two bay horses.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MARCH COUGHS AND COLDS.

Quite an Epidemic of Chest Troubles.

The bitter frosts of a few weeks ago, followed by mild spring-like weather (mixed with occasional storms), have not only played sad havoc with the weak chested, but have strained to the utmost the powers of the most robust. The result is that at the present time there are more people suffering from chest colds, sore throat, bronchitis, and especially from a severe form of bronchial asthma, than for some time past. In every home a box of Peps should be kept always handy, and used promptly on the first sign of throat or chest trouble. Be it only a husky cough or a alight tickling in the throat, or a suspicion of pain or tightness about the chest, it is time to take a few Peps, which are a medicine quite unlike the old-fashioned lozenges and opium- laden mixtures, and many times more effective. Peps bring ease and strength to the throat, and the rare volatile fumes that are released when a tablet is gissolved on the tongue, convey a valnable medicine right to the uttexmost limits of the lungs and chest where ordinary medicine cannot pene- trate.

Peps are invaluable for coughs, colds, bron- chitis, and all throat and chest ailments. Peps give just the help Nature needs to fight against the perils of the sudden weather changes of Spring. Peps contain no dangerous drugs, such as are commonly used in liquid cough-mixtures and cheap imitations. Beware of imitations and see the name—Peps—on every Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. box.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Warburton and Sankey Bridges.

The monthly meeting of this Council was beld at Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday, Dr. Murray presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. ,R. Porshaw, A. Brooks, J. Backhouse, P. Longton, W. Furness, W. Houghton, H. H. Burnage, B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), Dr. Sephton (medical officer of health), F. W. Kerfoot (inspector). and 3.C. Sutton (clerk).

===== 0002601_19080307_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ROAD-REPAIR. AT MARTINSCROFT.

The CLERK read a letter from the Clerk of the Woolston with Martinscroft Parish Council (Mr. J. Daintith) asking the Rural District Council to repair the 'road along the south and east sides of Martinscroft Green such road being recognised as a public thorough- fare.

Mr. HOUGHTON said that the green in question was a recreation ground and the public used it as a short cut to tho other side of the green. The SURVEYOR said the road should certainly be rcpaired, and the work was ordered to be done.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RIXTON AND. WARBURTON BRIDGE.

The CLERK produced letters from the chief engineer of the Ship Canal Company stating that he had examined the bridge and the approaches thereto on the 3rd inst., and so far as he could see the flooring of the bridge was in the same condition as it had been for many years past.

Another letter stated that the engineer would be pleased to meet the Surveyor and the Surveyor of the Bucklow Rural District Council to discuss without prejudice a proposal made some time ago, that the Ship Canal Company should hand over the bridge and its approaches to the local authorities. The matter was left in the hands of the sub- committee.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW _INSPECTOR.

A conference has recently been held in Liverpool for the consideration of the appointment of an additional Alkali Works Inspector, which Mr. Brooks and the Sur- veyor attended. The salary was fixed at £5OO, to which this Council would contribute £25.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RATES.

The next business was to fix the call for the ensuing half-year. The call for the last half-year was sd. The estimates for certain districts for special expenses were: Burtonwood £9O, Penketh £lOO, Rixton £5O, Great Sankey £5O, and Woolston £l4 ' • total Z3Ol. rate Mr. NEWCOMBE said last year's rte was very low, and the number of improvements projected necessitated a call this year of Md. This was agreed to. • - - SANKEY CANAL BRIDGE.

Mr. FURNESS said that he and the Surveyor went to Manchester to meet the Joint Committee, and the Borough Council were represented by Alderman Bolton and the Surveyor. A bascule bridge was proposed, to be worked by electric motors. . . . _

I A resolutiOn was passed accepting the plans for a new bridge PE being suitable, and plans will be sent on to ; the London and North-Western Railway Company. It .W 94 not expedient at the present time that any monetary responsibility should be undertaken by the Council. He would like to thank Mr. Newcombe, and IMr. Forsbaw, their representative on the County ; Council for the way in which the matter had been taken • up. Mr. NEWCOMBE also presented a report on the matter end added that it was strongly represented to the Joint Committee by the Warrington Corporation that as the proposed bridge would be outside the borough they I were unable to make any contribution towards the improvement. He referred them to the Highways and Bridges Act of 1891, wherein they had the necessary power.

..,,r!?...14.... . j, 14( :' f; O;4w wii4,4%-• ,47-t;,-...„,, /..., , • 1741t,r;:. ~ 4.1%,‘,1 ,- ';:-."' - ,„„:;,,, , 4 4,, , ~ • r ,"' ,4, 4"444'regift-4 ‘ ' -'ll'.. \"74VM :41'44,'Eg,Vii"17 V.,•• I i F--'- , . Ltt " ' • .4,43 ~ , ,5........_

Suffering in Silence.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
In 1/- & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EARWIG.

..---4-.---.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

FEBRUARY.

17ROA ARRIN GION

Acton I.,,rclge-1 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15.2 55, a 3 35, a 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a Nedcesisys and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 9 58, 11 42, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 429, a 6 28,7 20, 837, 9 8 p.m. Sundays S 43, a.m. 3 33, 6 0 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. a 154. 4 39, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 8 58, 95, 10 28, 11 30 a.m 12 30, 1 40, 1 58, 2 30, 3 19, 4 22' 4 45, 5 6, 6 4. 7 57, 85, 10 18, 11 35, 11 37, p.m. Sundays-8 42, a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23, 9 19, 10 55 a.m. 1225, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30,230,3 19, 4 45,5 25, 6 4,4 5, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 ;6, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 44 5, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15,2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 637, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 746, 8 35, 843 a.m. 10,6 0, 757, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 53, 3 20, 3 , 5 15, 6 20, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 San'. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. 'Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 28 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 422, 4 45, 5 25, 6 4, 7 54,8 10 20, 11 35 p.m.Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Eelsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 5 6, 6 4, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 8 44 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Mara. Cadishead-7 0, 7 50, 88, 9 3 a.m. 2 2,4 58 7 10,9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Satutdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 1 9, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-al 40, 5 35, 7 5, 7 51, 8 5, 8 50, 9 5,9 50, 1035, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 11 0, id 13, 1 50. 2 17. 2 50, 3 13, 3 50. 3 52, 1 5. 4 10, 4 50, 52,550,62,75,750,80, 850, 885, 940, 1015, 1040, blO 42, bll 15, 11 39, 11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, 4undays 4 40. 5 35, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 46,622,70 l 23. 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 823, 919, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 20. 7 8, 740, 80, 9 25,10 0, 10 30, ell 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdaYs only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 18, 80, 80, 188 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 30, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only front Arpley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,b11 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-V7l-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b 7 11, 85, 823, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 1219, 115 241, 245, 3 31, 350, 4 26, 515, 553, 633, 720,. 86, 9 22, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56, 7 35 a.m. 5 15, 60, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 35, 7 67, 88, 8 55, 93, 955, 10 55, 1122, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 155, 2 55, 3 33, 4 55,4 58, 5 55,6 55 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, 611 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 IS, 11 22 a.m 30, 3 15, 4 57, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 10, 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18, 12 25, 1 15,1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50.5 15, 6 33, 720, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 33, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. • Padgate-6 55 7 45, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 e..m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 347, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 8 2,9 5, 10 0, 11 10 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 13, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 75,80, 90, b 10 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 515, 617, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 9.36, 11.2, a.m. 1.27, ,3.15, 4 10,5 2' b 6.20, 6 30, 7.40, 80, 9.10, 10.40, pm. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays fmcepted. St.Helens (L.& N.-W.)-7.11, 8.25,9 19,10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 10.8, p.m. a Saturdays only.' Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 8 461.. m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Statron. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)--5 22, 5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 115, 1 50, 3 50, 4 39, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20,8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 10 Bp.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 27,8 23, 945, 10 9,11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20,3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 8 0 p.m. Sundays 05 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m.

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 41,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 a in. 12 30, a 3 0,3 55, 4 40, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdoys and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 53, 10 20, 11 10,12 4"5,a.m.al 30,3 8,5 5,6 48,815,8 30,b9 10, 9 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 50, 8 50, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, S 40, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 815, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25,134 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 3 0,3 50, 4 10, 5 15, 5 23, 6 30, 7 25 8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25, 4 20,6 40, 7 15 a.m. ,6 55 p.m. b Mondays excepted. aMondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-6 30, 79, 845, 10 '24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 0, 35,4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 P.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-S 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49,6 2,7 11,S 43 p.m. Sundays 726 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 33, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 33, 6 47, 522 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 847, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 23, 327, 510, 543, 5 52, 6 33, 7 13, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45,7 24,10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 '27, 54. 02, 6 58, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 53,9 0, 10 1. 11 1, a.m. 2 31, 49, 5 44,6 56, 831, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-G -14, 8 26,10 12.,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 8 55, 9 57,10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 4,4 27 5 40, 0 54, 8 27, p.m. Sunda), 6 53;a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 36, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54. 6 54, 855, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22,6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 10, 9 22, 102. 11 11 a.m. 1 20. al 45, 2 13. 30, 338, 426, 6539. 67, 649, 739, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 233, 7 2'3 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-510, 6 30. 7 30, 7 40,8 15, 8 30, 8 35' 9 20, 9 30, 9 33, 945, 1030, 11 5, 11 30,11 33 11 50 a.m. 12 30, 12 48, 1 3, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40, 2 43,4 0, 4 30, 433, 4 43' 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 SO, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, 610 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 2 30,3 20, 3 55, 4 30, 6 35,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a 2 33,5 50,6 10, 7 50, 8 5, $i 35, 5 5, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 20, 2 45 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 23, 830, 90, 1;10 5, 10 45, b 1115 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15,1045 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 25, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 559, 641, 731, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdaysonly. b Saturdaysexcepted: Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25. 713 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 1; 30 12 30, 12 50, 7 10, 7 30, S3O, 833, 9 20, 10 20, a 1055, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only Sundays. 830, 95, 930, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0.2 5, 60, 35, 8 30, 940 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, 'rm. 1230, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a5O, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 6 5, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. %Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore--6 56,9 6,11 Pans. 1232, a 3 1, 4 8,4 55, 117 3 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 pm, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, s 1 5. nl2B, 141, 37, 4 48, 55, 538, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30, 85, 931, 10 3,1/ 4, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 340, 7 20, 11 7 p a Saturdass only. Padtrate-6 27, 6 58, 7 55, 829,90. 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 8 0,2 15,5 5, 6 18,7 5, 9 6, 10 25. 11 32 p.m. Sundays 2 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12' 10 14, p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 7'4 40,5 41,6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. 35f 1 40,2 35, 3 43,4 35,5 26, 5 36, 6 23, 7 25, 8 28,

===== 0002601_19080307_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
u

===== 0002601_19080307_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

,

===== 0002601_19080307_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday March 7, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP. --- First Round.

9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 4 8,8 54,

' Southport-8 0,9 0, 10 15. 10 40,12 25, 1 30, 245,. 45, 4 10, 525,7 15,8 5,a9 3,18 o.Sundays 9 0,2 0, 750, I a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 13, 9 58. 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al4l, 29,255,334,422 b 5, 35, 6 3. 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.ni. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125, 126, 2 30, 327, 4 20,4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 239, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays , excepted. b Mondays only. Sankey-7 5, 7 30, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 35 a.m.12 36

, , Hunslet l4 Leeds . .. 5 Goals. Whitehaven l3 St. Helens 8 P. W. L. D. For Agst. Oldham l3 Dewsbury Wigan Warrington Salford ......... .............. .15 Widnes 2 Palatine Hull i 9 Swinton 23 IRVTairarnincigstßoneseentral Broughton Rangers 11 3 5 3 15 18 York 7 Castleford H. A Latchford Batley * 5 Burtonwood Social l2 2 6 4 17 38 Runcorn COULD NOT WORK : Leigh Wigan Highfield 3 Bramley 3 Moaks Hall . through stomach and kidney troubles. !Wakefield l9 Hull Kingston R. : Merthyr Now quite cured by • l Barrow 2B Millom 5 Word A.F.O DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS. ,Warrington St. John's l4 8 3 3 35 20 Mrs. A. Dry, of 15, Prospect Terrace, York, writes !Warrington v. Halifax.—Vietory for . St. Elphin's —" For many years I was a was a martyr to indigestion. I the Cup Holders. ; Oughtrington Park Res ll 44 3 26 18 flatulence, and kidney troubles. I could not eat or !Warrington St. Mary's l4 5 8 1 16 32 sleep, and on account of the great pain hardly knew I A crowd of some 3,000 people assembled at Wilders- I Walkers what it was to have a night's rest. I lost my strength, pool to see the match between Warrington the Cup- ! Warrington Central Res l2 3 6 2 26 28 and got so thoroughly run down that I could not do , holders, and Halifax. Owing to the fail of snow and Arpley A.F.O l3 310 0 25 36 my work, and had to have some one to help me. I . the succeeding thaw, the ground was very greasy in ; Fairfield Reserves BO 5 3 9 17 tried numerous so-called remedies, but found none to ' places, making the fast, open game difficult; but this I Matches for March 27th. give such good results as Dr. Cassell's Tablets. After ! notwithstanding the struggle proved a most desperate Ryland' Reserves v. Warrington St. Paula. taking them I gradually gained in strength apd health, and exciting one. Warrington appeared as selected, Palatine v. Burtonwood Social. until now lam a different woman. I can enjoy my ' but Halifax were without Eccles and Bartle. Teams : Monks Hall v. Latchford. food, it agrees with use, the pains are all gone, 1 can 1 Halifax—Little, full back ; Thomas Riley, Ward and ! ' Burtonsvood A.F.C... Oughtrington Park. sleep well, go about my work, and am altogether quite ! Williams, three-quarter backs ;T. H. Grey and Hilton, ' Oughtrington Park Reserves v. Warrington restored to sound and vigorous health. I have given half backs; Brearley, Langhoru, Littlewood, Robinson, Mary's. . your Tablets to several friends, and they all speak well ' Haramond, and Mallinson, forwards. Walkers v. IVarrington St. John's. of them." Warrington—Tilley, full back ; Fish, Dickenson, . Results for February 29th. Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be got at any chemist for !Taylor, and VVatkin, three-quarter backs : Brooks and Latchford 1, Fairfield 0. 104(1., and are a perfect remedy for nerve, stomach, and ' Lloyd, half backs; Thomas, Belton, Jenkins, Naylor,l Palatine 2, Rylands Reserves 1. kidney troubles. Heath, and Shugais, forwards. . _ Referee, Mr. R. Robinson, Bradford. Touch judges. Mr. H. Lowe, Broughton, and Mr. F. Longden, Swinton Winning the toss Halifax took advantage of the slight breeze which' blew down the field, and had the sun at their backs. In the opening stages both aides pressed in turn, but on the whole the "wire-pullers " had the best of matters, and caused their opponents a good deal of anxiety. A clever combined movement by Fish and Dickenson aroused a good deal of enthusiasm. Fish started it, and Dickenson carried the ball over the line, but the referee ruled that the IVarringtoa wing , three-quarter had gone into touch, and the point was ' not allowed. Subsequently, when the game was in the home team's half,the Warringtonians were penalised for obstruction. The referee himself did not detect the fault, but the touch judge saw the informality, and acquainted him with it. An opportunity was thus given to Little, who kicked a fine goal. This gave more zest to the encounter. When Warrington were attacking, Ward intercepted a pass prettily, and was well nigh scoring. Little had another penalty shot at goal, but the ball passed just under the bar. The next feature was a dribble by Dickenson, which carried the game into the Halifax half, and threatened their line. Little, however, pulled him up just in the nick of time. Still Warrington pressed, and some keen pin was witnessed near the Halifax line, but the defence wet very sound. Just before the interval Halifax had a very uncomfortable time. A combined dribble by Heath, Thomas, and Belton carried the ball over the line' but Little managed to kick dead. Then Brooks got hold and passed to Dickenson, who threw to Fish, and the flyer dashed over amid great cheering. Thomas made a poor attempt at goal. A moment later, for off-, side' play, Warrington were subjected to the penalty rule. Little again took the kick, but the ball struck the cross-bar, and rebeunded into play. After this, Brooks passed to Dickenson, who romped over. Thomas' kick struck the post, and missed its object. At the interval Warrington were thus leading by 2 tries (6 points) to Halifax 1 goal (2 points). On change of ends IVarrington had, of course, the wind in their favour, and since they had established so useful a lead, their prospects of success looked very rosy. For fully ten minutes Halifax were kept busily on the defence. And then when the game was at half- way, Joe Riley charged down a kick by Taylor, and getting the ball at his toes beat every one of his opponents, and scored a really fine try. This Little converted, and Halifax were a point in front. So remarkable a change made the game more exciting, and both sides worked with grim determination. Tilley distinguished himself by a splendid dribble, which almost ended in a try, and Joe Riley ran half the length of the field, and had the mortification of seeing his pass mulled. After a series of struggles near the Halifax line, the ball was kicked to Watkin, who, how- ever missed a splendid openiag. Halifax were also unlucky in not adding to their score. Towards the ()lose Thomas' of Halifax, let in the opposition, and Jenkins scored behind the posts for Thomas to add the extra points. From this point the game was clearly Warrington's and at the close they had won a grim struggle by 1 goal, 3 tries (11 points), to Halifax 2 goals, 1 try (7 points).

A CUP OF BEEF TEA FOR A id.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. Warrington Swamp. Bradford.

The return match between Warrington and Bradford was played at Wilderspool on Tuesday before 3,000 spectators. Bradford were short of three of their best back., Connell, Davidson and O'Nedl,and the substitutes proving weak Warrington had an easy victory. Teams:— Warrington— rilley, back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and Watkins, three-quarter backs ; Lloyd and Brooks, half backs ; Shugars, Heath, Jenkins, Naylor, Belton, and Thomas, forwards. Bradford—Gunn, back ; Bell, Surman, Scholefleld, and Leath, three-quarter backs ; Griffin and Brear, half backs ; Mann, Francis, Haley, Bees, Staiucliffe, and Laidlaw, forwards. Referee, Mr. Wood, Huddersfield. Bradford made a fair show in the opening stages of the game, but the Warriugtonians threw more energy into their work, and the forwards commanding the scrimmages better Brooks and Lloyd opened out the game. A brilliant effort between Brooks. Dickenson and Fish, notable for the rapidity of the exchanges, was negatived through the oval being passed a shade forward but a moment later the ball was whipped out to Taylor, who dashed through a ruck of opponents end scored near the posts, for Thomas to add the goal. Warrington still continued to attack desperately, and Jenkins was especially to the fore in compelling Bradford to adopt safety tactics. A long dribble by Taylor found a flaw in the defence, and Lloyd, seconding the effort scored, for Thomas to add the goal. Bradford made spasmodic efforts, but rarely became dangerous, and another renewal of the attack resulted in another , passing movement, and this time Fish, after receiving I from Dickenson, sprinted over, for Thomas to land his third goal. A smart rally by the visitors near the interval had a tangible ending, for from a penalty Gum scored a goal. At half-time Warrington led by 15 points against two. Turning round the Warrington forwards again dominated the situation, and after Dickenson had made a great effort on the right, a united attack a the forwards culminated in Belton forcing himself over. A minute later Watkin scored at the corner. In both cases Thomas failed at the place kicks, whilst a couple of shots from penalty kicks also travelled wide of the mark. By the aid of free kicks Bradford eased the pressure slightly, and Surman dropped a neat goal. Then came a brilliant individual effort by Taylor, this resulting in Dickenson scoring an unconverted try. Brooks next landed a penalty goal. Warrington were constantly on the attack, and Bradford were a hope- lessly outclassed team. In the last few minutes Dickenson put on the finishing touch to another rapid series of exchanges, and the final result was :—War- rington, four goals seven tries (29 points) ; Bradford, two goals (4 points). SHROVE TUESDAY ,MATCHES. RUNCORN BEATEN AT HALIFAX.

Halifax Twenty-three points Runcorn Halifax gave a fine exhibition of football at home, outplaying Runcorn at all points, and the victory was witnessed by 4,000 spectators. The game had been in progress a few minutes only when Thomas scored two splendid tries, which Little improved. Runcorn, after these reverses, played up pluckily, and Williams scored a try, but Richardson failed at the goal kick. Then Little kicked a penalty goal and Williams crossed the line for Halifax, which Little converted. At the interval Halifax led by seventeen points to three. fu the second half Harrison was absent hurt, and Halifax had all the play, Robinson and Thomas scoring tries.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
DEWSBURY BEAT BARROW.

Dewsbury Five points Barrow Nothing At Dewsbury, in fine weather, before a small attend- ance, a very even game was witnessed, both sides show- ing fine defensive tactics. From loose play in front of the Burrow posts Gildes dropped a fine goal, and towards the finish Northorpe scored the only try of the match. Bland failed at goal. Gifford, Hannah, and Eloggett played well for Barrow. BATLEY TOO GOOD FOR LEEDS. .Batley Thirteen points Leeds At Leeds, before 2,000 spectators, in fine weather. Beevers and Airey (Batley) scored tries, of which Walter Davies only improved one. Young (Leeds) kicked a goal. In the second portion Birch and Chap- man both scored tries, Young kicking one goal. Walter Davies, of Batley, kicked a goal, whilst his club-mate, William Davies, scored a try.

MANCHESTER WOMAN'S 103RD BIRTHDAY.

Mrs. Ann Lucy, who attained her 103rd -year on Wed- nesday, has resided for fifty-three years in a back-to- back house in Old Mount-street, off Rochdale-road, Manchester.

ALL GIRLS. A Mrs. Pennett has given birth to triplets—girls— at Brighton. Mother and children are doing well.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEE

===== 0002601_19080307_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
With DElble Cl 3 Usual Nourishment.

A short time back, in an English Court of Justice, SOMA of the most eminent Analytical Chemists in England made sworn statements that a cup of Beef Tea made from a id. tablet of Jo-Via contained double the nutriment contained in a cup of Beef Tea made of the best known makes of Extract of Meat, according to the directions given. Such exceptional quality at so low a price will undoubtedly appeal to everybody. Ju-Vis is guaranteed to be made solely from Extract of Beef and Gelatine, with valuable vegetable properties added, the vegetable much improving the flavour. If you are not already using Ju-Vis, you should certainly send to your Grocer for some Id. tablets without delay. They are such a boon for Soups, Gravies, Joints. Hashes and Stews, and once you have tried Ju-Vis you will certainly never be with- out it again.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
JUNIOR LIBERALS.

Address on "Bad Trade."

"Bad trade " or "Hard times" was the subject of Mr. T.M.Phillips' Interesting addr ass to the Junior Liberals assembled at Gregory's Cali on Monday evening. Councillor J.Elawthorn presided. Mr. Phillips attributed bad trade to over-production, and said that 1907 was a record year so far as the trade returns were concerned, but so far as the individual trader was con- cerned he would say that trade had not been very good. Referring to the American crisis, Mr. Phillips said the Americans had been doing things too fast. That crisis would enable England to get things cheaper. Raw materials would some cheaper because the Americans wanted money and England could buy raw materials from them at a cheaper price than before the crisis. Germany was also in a bad way through trying to move too fast. One thing which caused a certain amount of bad trade was the attraction of the football ground. He thought football caused a great loss to the town, especially when mid-week matches were on. The men who left their work to go to football matches did not realise the damage they were doing both to themselves and to the trade. (Rear, hear.) Referring to personal thrift he did not think there was a more important thing. He had been amongst all classes of men in his time and he had known of men who were earning £5 a week and who were letting their families starve, whilst they themselves were spending their money foolishly. If a man, whilst good times a ere on,would put a portion of his money away for the bad times he would be able to live in comfort the whole•year round. (Hear, hear.) He suggested that they (the Junior Liberals) should take that important subject up and have a discussion on it. (Rear, hear and applause.)—The Chairman said it was getting quite a business now for men to put money in bets on football matches. it was through till football betting that referees were so frequently mobbed.—Mr. Davies moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Phillips for his interesting lecture. Mr. Guest seconded and the motion was carried, Messrs. Tilling, Barnes, Ford and Darbyshire supporting.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

INDUCTION OP THE REV. W. PoLLocK-HILL—The Rev. W. Pollock-Hill was instituted and inducted to the benefice of St. Thomas', Ashton-in-Makerfleld on Friday evening. The ceremony of institution to the spiritualities of the living was performed by the Lord Bishop of Liverpool, who spoke upon the relations which should exist between a shepherd and his flock, basing his com- parisons on the allegory of the Good Shepherd. The induction to the temporalities of the living was then proceeded with by the Rev. Canon Spooner, Archdeacon of Warrington. In addition to the Bishop, the Arch- deacon and the Rev. W. Pollock-11111, the following clergy were present, viz., Canon 0. Penrhyn, rural dean; Rev.W. Williams, rector ot Ashton, patron of the living ; and the Revs. H. V. Pigot, T. A. J. Ridpath, F. Ireland, G. Vale Owen, G. W. Dickinson, J. Allsop, A. Inglis, J. Kerrick, J. Llewellyn and J. H. G. Bates, curate-in-charge, while the following were present from Padgate : Mrs. Pollock-Hill, Adjutant and Mrs. Mott, and Messrs. E. V. C. London, J. Critchley, P. Royston, H. Houghton, R. Ryder and F. Blackwell.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO LEAD THEFFS.

A sequel to the recent extensive thefts of lead from the tvorks of the United Alkali Company was beard at St. Helens Police Court on Monday, when William Forrest was charged with stealing 455. worth of lead. The Chief Constable said that on January 25th Police- constable Capper saw a couple of men going along Corporation-street with a handcart. He followed them, when they bolted, leaving the cart in the street. It con- tained a large quantity of lead which had been taken from the Ole-be Alkali Works. One of the men was caught, but Forrest got away. Subsequently a lot of lead was found that had been taken from the Kurtz's Works. Two men were charged and sentenced to fourteen days each, while a man who had received the lead was sent to gaol for two months. On Saturday Forrest surrendered to Police-constable Anders, remark- ing that as the other men had only got fourteen days he miaht as well get it over. He said he had a lot of beer at the time, or he would never have been there. They carried the lead along the canal bank to the cart, which was in the street. Forrest was sentenced to fourteen days on each charge.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SWEET TOOTH.

• The sweet tooth, possessed by every healthy youngster, is Nature's token that sugar is required for the building of the body, the bracing of tired muscles, the enriching of the brain. The chief nutritive element in dried currents is grape-sugar —a form of nUtriment absolutely necessary to the maintenance of vigorous health. Currants are so remarkably rich in grape-sugar that they are now fully recognised as one of our most wholesome and sustaining foods.

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES JOHN WALKER & CO.,

MIMI

TINS

. ..,,.......,,...„-...„:„....,..,„:„,...::..„.,,,,..., - 0 „.1 ''.-- , - . --...-

===== 0002601_19080307_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

• I WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. .

===== 0002601_19080307_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES.

Northern Rugby Union. The following fixtures have been arranged for the season : WARAINGTON. 1907. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Leigh „ 14 Rochdale Hornets away 10 5 „ 21. Runcorn home 14 0 „ 28 St. Helens Oct. 5 Oldham „ 12 Runcorn (LC.) away 15 2 „ 19 Widnes „ 26 Leigh L.C.(2nd rd ) away 11 13 „ 28 Barrow Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 Ebbw Vale away 16 0 „ 16 Rochdale • home 11 5 „ 23 Broughton away 3 8 „ 30 Wigan ....... Dec. 7 Swinton home 33 0 „ 14 Oldham „ 21 New Zealand home 8 • 7 „ 25 Leigh „ '26 Widnes Dec. 28 Hull I 1908. Jan. 1 Runcorn „ 4 Salford „ 11 Barrow „ 18 Swinton away 21. 0 „ 25 Broughton hope 5 2 Feb. 1 Leeds „ 3 Salford , „ 8 Bradford away 4 12 „ 15 Wigan away 5 11 „ 22 Wigan home 14 3 „ 29 flalfax N.U. Cup home 11 7 Mar. 3 Bradford home 29 4 „ 14 Leeds home „ 21 Ebbw Vale 28 April 4 St. Helens home I

For Agst.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
1907.

RUNCORN.

Sept. 7 Halifax „ 14 Leigh „ 21 Warrington 28 Wigan home 0 9 Oct. 5 Swinton away 21 2 „ 12 Warrington (LC) home 2 15 „ 19 St. Helens away 17 11 Nov. 2 Oldham „ 9 Merthyr home 19 0 „ 16 Merthyr away 13 15 „ 23 Widnes „ 27 New Zealand home 9 0 „ 30 Rochdale Dec. 7 Hull away Postponed „ 14 Widnes „ 21 Barrow „ 25 St. Helens home 19 0 „ 26 ~ 28 Huddersfield home 27 9 1908. . _

Jan. 1 Warrington 91 4 Rochdale away 6 8 „ 11. Swinton home Postponed -„ 18 Wigan away 9 8 „ 25 Hull home 8 3 Feb. 1 Salford „ 8 Huddersfield „ 15 Barrow 22 Leigh home 9 2

„ 29 Kei4leyl\T.U.Cup home 12 5 Mar. 3 Halifax 19 7 „ 14 „ 21 Broughton „ 23 Oldham

===== 0002601_19080307_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
'WIDNES.

For. Agst.

—.. . Sept. 7 Barrow „ 14 Batley „ 21 Swinton home 21 12 „ 23 Leigh Oct. 5 St. Helens home 17 5 „ 12 Batley away 5 22 „ 16 New Zealand „ 19 Warrington „ 26 Broughton L. C (2nd round) home 0 14 Nov. 2 Wigan home 5 5 9 Dewsbury „ 16 Swinton away 0 13 „ 23 Runcorn home 5 11 „ 30 Salford Dec. 7 Leigh home 6 11 „ 14 Runcorn away 0 12 ~ 21 Merthyr „ 25 York „ 26 Warrington 29 York 1908. Jan. 1 . .

Barrow 11 Oldham IS Salford

„ 25 Swinton Feb. 1 St. ilelens away 5 5 ,; 8 Wigan away 6 22 „ 15 Dewsbury „ 22 Broil gnton home Postponed „ 29 Salford N.U.Cup away 2 15

===== 0002601_19080307_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
STRENGTH

COMER FROM

WELL -DIGESTED FOOD

The power to think well, work well, sleep well, and enjoy life depends mainly upon the ability of your digestive organs to extract strength and nourishment from load. When digestion fails, as in dyspepsia and indigestion, the body is starved, no matter how much food is eaten. It is also poisoned, for food remaining in the stomach ferments, producing poisonous gases, which, being absorbed into the blood, shatter the nerves, dull the brain, create disease, and give rise to headaches, languor, loss of appetite, palpi- tation, flatulence, and other disorders of the blood and nerves. . _

When the stomach, liver and kidneys fail to perform their functions perfectly there is no remedy that will so soon restore them to health and vigour as Mother Seigel' s Syrup. As a digestive tonic and stomachic remedy it has no equal. This is the testimony of thousands. Mrs. Anderson, 13, Cleveland-street, Birken- head, writing on August 19th, 1907, says :—" Whatever I ate lay on my chest like so much lead, and I felt as if I were being suffocated. There was also frequent severe pains between my shoulder blades, and at my left side, with sometimes headache and sickness. But Mother Seigel's Syrup entirely cured me."

Mother Seigel's Syrup is now also Prepared in Tablet Form and sold under the name of Mother Seigel s Syrup Tablets. Price 2/9 pr bJt, e. Ole Size only.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1907.

MIMI=

===== 0002601_19080307_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1111 (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19080307_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

POINTS ABOUT

I. Distinctive Brilliancu , Tone. 11. Twice the Life of other IP kinds. 1 A test at any one of the zoo°. Columbia dealers' • shops will prove Point I. Point 11. experience of users everywhere confirms Columbia Records fit any talking machine and irs, make it Sound better than it ever did before. \Vette tIP. us for lateit list. Say cylinder or disc. GRAPH.o• Ah phone catalogue sent also on request. 111, - -

0 . , . • • . . Of )

===== 0002601_19080307_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
nf I!LUM

RECORDS

GRAND OPPORTUNITY, FOR THE THRIFTY AND WISE. lb. Guy your General Drapery direct . trom tho Manufacturers. Send Halfpenny Postcard asking us to gr, 1.2 send our Catalogue with illustrations of all ciimi Rio the latest Novelties in Dress Skirts, Under- 10 Skirts, Blouses, Furs, Corsets, Under- clothing, etc. Also patterns of anything Ns all you may reAulre in Drapery ori gcods. Splendid range of Blouse and 5,t1,1 Dress Material, Silks, Shatings, Flannels, a t-22 Flannelettes, Prints, etc., etc. Id Compare the quality and price of our goods 0 ikagg and see what. you will save. We do not offer g Oa any" free ;tits "(0 but undertake to give a a-A you u nequalled value and choice. Et co All orders 4ent by return and carriage paid. QIN pm Terms Cash with order. Money refunded am I • goods are not approved. " YiIiROORESS SUPPLY Ltd., Merchants and fie manutacturers(Dept.C.N.)Hyde,Mancheattr. 03

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION This successful po- pular remedy. used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Hostati,Jobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for imnurityof blood,spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles, gravel, pains in back, gout,rheumatism .exhausti on, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3. according to disea=es. Price 2,1 (particulars Id. stamps post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co,Haver- stock Road,Hampsteacl, Loudon, principal Chemists.

COLUMBIA PHONCCRAPH COMPANY, Ger2l. (Dept. 20, 64 6 66, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W. w. Manchester. Cardiff. 4WD V*i'VP

lasgow _ _

<z'c L w,,, :- •' 0A 8 ~cl. . clt . 44:1,..,.4:- 4.. ii,c-se ~.... 1 erl ^ /0, tool' :Averc-:_•,, e ".60,,,(0, .1,,a_r0,5. ~. 1, 1 ,s_rive.o; _...„.....„„. . Rpc.,14.1„,,, ,leFe OP ' • .11 ft - . 0000,04,, OF _ Co ilif GIVIP,f, LARGE ft ALL ,r,V9 .Pc. 4.. E Es5C.• - SMALL ROGERS BOT TL ES •

,f

s ,„

===== 0002601_19080307_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

ELEpIIOI.iR N. . 355 Y.

PRINTING.

:OP EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRINTERS. ."

===== 0002601_19080307_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOKBINDERS.

LITHOGRIPHERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Type; &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any me or pattern on b;ue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the naatest style, from modern type, and of the beat workmanstdp.

pROGRAMME9 for Entertainment., Concerts In the latest artistic style.

kSPECIAL facilities for all Wads of EDUCATION WORKS.

Sl"' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPI lON BOOKS Printed. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

- HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, services of Bong, Festivals. &o.

CATALOGUES fur Public 3nd Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

pRicK LISPS Printed on card or paper Ilia trate& If required.

JOHN WALKER & CO:

CONTRIBUTION CARDS NOTICES OF MEETINGS RAFFLE TICKETS ENVELOPES

BALANCE SHEETS POSTERS! DRAWING TICKETS POST CARDS.

CRICKET FIXTURES. EVERY I DESCRIPTION ", OF PRINTIN

• AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SOFIEDIPLES AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES PRICE LISTS, CIRCI7LARs, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, Mn.r. Worm, CATALOGUES, Clara Rimps, PROGRAMMES,' BALANCE SHEETS, ERR ITITED AT MOST NOTICES.

.scci .'o

===== 0002601_19080307_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS. Attention Is Invited to cur NW FOUNTS OP TYPE

and WOOD LUTTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL KiEDS OF NJJAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZR, 40 a 60 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

JOHN WALKER & CO., 'EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON'

I

N :'%c,.hi

7,4 • ' 'At 11<k% ‘,O , 14rt,' - .r. 4., : •

===== 0002601_19080307_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
_ LETTERS TO THE EDITORI doubt g on i with a p personsul c n; i at the°ruand whatever a t eN. e C integrity,tlni co'''s'et Maar ye be we must have efficiency. _______ I have not the slightest animus in the affair at all. I NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. attack no person or persons, but only the system that Authors of letters intended for publication must in has allowed the occurrence, and shall continue to do so, all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as long as I hwe the honour of being a member of the as a guarantee of good faith. , Council, if I think that the system of stock-keeping J. R. GRIFFITII,—We regret to have had to omit adopted is not the right and proper one.—Yours, etc., your letter owing to the pressure on our space. ED. , THOMAS CHANTLER. I 92, .),lersey-street, Warrington. I

Mr. Dodds and Education. Sir,—l am not so vain as to think that many, if any, of your readers will peruse my " opinion "on Mr. McKenna's Bill as inserted in your to-day's issue, but I should not like anyone to conclude that I consider the State should confine itself to the teaching of" physical , education." If you will refer to my manuscript I think , you will find that my words are "physical and intellectual education."—Yours JAMES DODDS.

February 20th. [The words " and intellectual" were omitted by a printer's error.

Ed." Es."]

Sunday Evening Concert at the Palace Theatre. Sir,—In your report of the above concert you state hat it was arranged by the Amalgamated Nlusicians' Union. Now I wish to point out that such is not the case. The concert was arranged solely by the Palace Theatre management, and the proceeds thereof after paying a fee to the artistes and orchestra went entirely to them. Thanking you in anticipation for the inser- tion of this in your valuable paper,—l remain yours truly,

F. DAVIES. (Branch Secretary of the Amalgamated Musicians' Union.) [Our correspondent is slightly mistaken. The report did not state that the concert was arranged by the Musicians' Union. hut that " the formation of an orchestra " was en early outcome of the recently estab- lished Union.—ED." Ex."]

The Licensing Bill. The Late Mr. Peter Rylands, M.P. and " The Trade." Sir,—l am sure the following extract from the " Alliance News," of October 23rd 1869, being a report of a speech made by the late Mr. Peter Rylands (M.P. for Warrington from 1868 to 1874) in the Free Trade Hall, Manchester, on October 20th 1869, will profoundly interest many of your readers. Copy Extract : Mr. Rylands, M.P., said he felt the greatest possible sympathy with the work which the Alliance was doing. He looked upon the Alliance as the only organization that was grappling with any I power with this great evil, and he could not for a I moment hesitate to render any assistance to the Alliance. We had a great deal to do in dealing with the liquor traffic. It was a traffic we had a right to deal with. Every part of the public was suffering from its operations. The taxes of the country were enormously increased in consequence of this trade. The rates were doubled, trebled, and quadrupled by this trade. These traffickers existed in every street, and they would fight for their privileges and their interests to the very utmost. On the other side was an earnest band of men anxious to promote the welfare of the community. The struggle was no mean matter. It meant simply this—will the country overcome the drink traffic ? or shall the drink traffic overcome the country ? Whether in Parliament or not, in every position cf life, his voice and his vote would be on the side of those who were struggling to overth.ow the liquor traffic."—Yours CONSISTENT.

Temperance Reform. Sir,—Over the nom-de-plume of "Phil Squod " in your issue of last Saturday a correspondent made use of the following statement :—" So long as the publican is allowed to pursue his nefarious trade unchecked,so long will men go wrong and poverty abound." Perhaps I am mistaken, but I take it that the writer wishes to infer that poverty is mainly caused by drunkenness. If my conclusion is wrong, I apologise. If I have guessed correctly I am afraid " Phil Squod " is guilty of shoddy thinking. We must all admit that much suffer- ing and crime comes from excessive drinking. But is there not another side to the question which is too often left unexamined ? We would venture to ask how much drinking comes from suffering? Mr. Holmes,the well-known city missionary, says : When I first came to London I thought drink was the root of all evil. I have always been a teetotaller, and a pretty bigoted one, and it took me just one year to unlearn some of the convictions which I had not gained from experi- ence, but adopted. Now,when I find drink given as the cause of a crime,l ask 'idly does the offender drink? And in thousands of cases I have found that drink is not a cartse but an effect." There's the rub. The need to work early and late, from precocious childhood to premature dotage, on starvation wages, in unhealthy employments, and dismal, insanitary surroundings— what is the moral effect of all that ? Not to develop noble aims and high ideals ; but to crush the soul and cramp the brain, and reduce the victims to the state of beasts of burden. 'the remedy for drunkenness is national interest in life. Give a man something, anything, to live for—congenial work, a healthy ambition, a happy home, a sympathetic woman's love—and he will need no ribbon of blue to pull him out of the degradation of drunkenness.—Yours in earnest,

W. MIIRBY. 19, Gaskell-street, Stockton Heath, March 3rd, 190 S.

The Temperance Striking Parrallel. Sir,—One frequently wonders if the multifarious associations, etc., really have any direct influence on the public opinion. There are so many voices crying in the wilderness that the result seems oftener to be a Babel of sound. In connection, however, with the Temperance Bill just introduced, a very striking exception may be noticed. In December of 1907 the Temperance Legislation League formulated a scheme of reform which when placed in parallel columns with what is suggested in the Bill shows shrewdly the Bill was anticipated. THE TF.3IPERANCE LEG IS- LA TION LEAGUE'S PROGRAMME. TIIE GOVERNMENT BILL. l. A Time Limit, at the 1. A Time Link of 14 end of which all corn- years with full pensation shall cease monopoly value accru- and the full monopoly jug to the State. of licences be secured for the State. 2. The provision of a 2. Compensation. Pro - simpler and more equit- vision of a method able method of arriving whereby the difference at the compensation between the annual value than that pro- value of a house with Tided by the Act of a licence and without 1904. a licence, multiplied by the number of the unexpired years of the Time Limit is taken as the basis of the compensation to be paid. The maximum levy is to be made and is to be corefulsory, and the Compensation Fund a national one —all as advocated in the publications of the League. 3. A revision of the 3. Left over to Budget. licence duties and the requirement of adequate payment in the case of extension of premises, and the grant of new off- licences. 4. A substantial reduc- 4. On-licences to be corn- two in the number of pulso rily reduced licensed houses. during the Time Limit with compensation by about one-third. J. M. HOGGE, M.A. " Braesich3," Acomb-road, York.

March: 3, 1908.

The Brierlby Case. Sir,—With your kind permission I should like to make plain my position with regard to the motion standing in my name at the Council meeting on Tuesday last. Some of the members seemed to think and one even expressed the opinion that it was a personal attack on two officials. I have noticed several times during the last two years that if one is apt to give even a little friendly criticism he is at once accused of being persinal, but I suppose such is the penalty of public life. The interruption I was subject to during my moving of the motion was enough to upset even old stagers, let alone a mere bantling like myself, and several members afterwards expressed their detestation of it. My reference to the new system of book-keeping embodying the idea of the Borough Treasurer was also inferred by some to be a personal attack on that official, a gentle- man for whom I have the highest regard, both as regards ability and personal honour. I said that the books could be made to shew things right, whether the stock was right or not and to this statement I adhere. What is wanted, and I am speaking from experience which is worth more I think than any elementary ideas of some of the members, is a thorough up-to-date system of stock-keeping such as is in adoption in large public works and railway companies, backed up by periodical checking. If such is not done stock-taking comes a perfect farce and not worth the paper written on. This is all I contend; surely there is nothing perst cat about this. I neither wish nor desire to cast a,

would certainly take care, as far as they could, to dis- was 200 yards from the site, was called and said the courage anything of the sort, licence, in the view of the majority of the people in Mr. H. Roberts said the man who had been selling the district, was not required. He had assisted in the beer at a profit had been taking a very unfair obtaining signatures to the petition, and the names advantage of the impecuniosity of his fellow-workmen included the Revs. Henry Russell and G. A. Lejeuue. to screw a half-penny per pint extra out of them. That Witness was not a teetotaller,but it would not be a great was the man they wanted to get at. He had not only inconvenience to him if every public-house were closed. imperilled the licence but was doing a serious thing Witness was questioned by Mr. Swift as to the nature against public policy, of the opposition and he said he was not paying any- Mr. Swift : He is doing something which is illegal, thing towards it. I think, and I should certainly help the Bench to get at Mr. Swift : Can you tell me who is paying? him. Witness: I cannot. Alderman Tianjin said he thought if the firm made Mr. Batty : I object to that question and I don't inquiries they would find the admonition they gave to think it is fair to ask it. Ellis should be general to the tenants. Mr. Swift : Is it some rival publican who is finding Mr. Swift : Messrs. Greenall will give their tenants the money ? generally to understand that they do not countenance , Mr. Batty : I have never had such an aspersion cast the selling of beer on credit, at me before. The suggestion is absolutely unfounded. Robert John Ellis, the tenant, was called, and said he Mr. Swift knows the line I have taken for twenty-five did not consider that in giving credit he was doing years in these cases. wrong. He was, however, prepared to give up the Mr. Swift : I know nothing about it. So far as I practice if the Bench desired it. He did not know any- I know, I never heard of you till you came into Court thing about the beer being re-sold at a higher price, this morning. After seeing the Chief Constable, he told the men who Mr. Batty : That is not true. My friend had no came for beer that they must not re-sell it at 3d. per I right to suggest I have been taking the money of pint. publicans for being a party to the opposition. It is an The Chief Constable : Didn't you resent the police unfair and improper suggestion, hitting under the belt, interfering with it when I spoke to you ?—No. of which any advocate ought to be ashamed. I ask my You are not the only publican m Warrington who friend to withdraw it and if he will, I will accept it in carries the business on ?—Perhaps some do, cud some the light that he made the remark unthinkingly. don't who have a better class of people to deal with. Mr. Swift : It is very good of my friend but I In answer to Alderman linnion, witness stated that withdraw absolutely nothing and repeat that unless I he had twelve credit customers, not all from Messrs. am entitled to enquire as to who is finding the money Monks' works, for the opposition, how is the Bench to decide as to the After conferring with the other magistrates, the genuineness of the opposition ? I repeat that for Mayor asked Mr. Whitley if he would give an under- aught any of us know, it might be the opposition of taking on behalf of his firm that the selling of beer on some rival publican. I have made absolutely no sug- credit would be stopped, not in this house alone, but at gestion against Mr. Batty. all their houses. rhe Bench were determined to try Mr. Batty : Ido know where ray fees are coming and stop it. from. Mr. Whitley said the firm would do all they possibly Mr. Swift : You would save all the trouble if you could to discourage it,—in fact they had always done so. would tell us. On this understanding the licence was renewed, the Mr. Batty : 1 decline absolutely. It is no-ono con- Mayor stating that if there were any more complaints nected with the trade. the magistrates had decided to take a very serious view Mr. Swift (to the Bench) : What do you think of an of the matter, opposition which dare not disclose itself ? BRIDGE INN TRANSFER. Mr. Batty: You have no right to make that SUCCESSFUL OPPOSITION. observation. You have finished your case. Mr. Rigby Swift, who was instructed by Messrs. A. William Pilkington, 60, Norris-street, who said he Browne and Co., applied on behalf of Henry .Asiaton, was a teetotaller but did not belong to any temperance for the transfer of the licence of the Bridge Inn to new society in Warrington, gave similar evidence and said premises in Gorsey-lane. He said he was prepared to he specially objected because of the proximity of the give a little more than he offered on the last occasion, site to the Beamont School. He did not know who but he wns going as far as the application would ever was paying the fees of the opposition. be carried by Messrs. Greenall and Whitley. No one Mr. Batty : The opposition is of people in the neigh- knew what the state of the Licensing Law would be bourhood. twelve months hence, but if the present schemes were Mr. Swift : Nonsense ! carried out in their present form it did not seem to Mr. Batty : You have no right to say " Nonsense." him that there was going to be a much greater reduction I accept my friend's word in anything he says and ha of the number of licences in Warrington. On the ought to accept mine. figures put forward by one of his Majesty's Ministers The Bench then retired and after they had deliberated they were eight public-houses short in Warrington and for some time the Mayor announced that the Court therefore it did not seem to him that in the normal would adjourn until one o'clock. course they would remove very many. THE DECISION, Mr. Henry Roberts : I wish you would show us how you make that out. The licensing justices having visited the site of the Mr. Swift: I don't pretend to make the calculation Proposed new house, they returned to court and the myself. I am told it has been procured from some Mayor said their decision was that the application be not newspaper analysis of the figures in various towns, granted. Warrington has at present 121 licences and under the new scheme it will be entitled to 123. Coming to the offer, Mr. Swift said the owners were prepared if the licence were removed to the new premises to give up the bricks, mortar and land of the Bridge Inn to the Corporation without asking any price for it. They would also give up the off licences of Hughes, Priestley-street ; Upton, Knutsford-road ; Melbourne' Brick-street; and Harrison, Knutsford-road. Mr. H. Roberts asked if Messrs. Grdenall would object to the property being transferred to the magis- trates instead of to the Corporation, for purposes of realization for the compensation fund.

Mr. Swift said the' difficulty was that Messrs. Greenell's were comrnited to the Corporation, although from Messrs. Greenell's point of view, he world rather it went into the Compensation fund. He understood the negotiations which had taken place amounted to a promise to give up the property to the Corporation. Mr. Roberts : I do not see that we are bound to take into consideration the interests of the Corporation in a matter of this kind. If the Corporation get the benefit of it, they will have to pay us something for it and the benefit of the payment will go to the com- pensation fund. -Ir. Swift : Which would no doubt be for the benefit of Greenall, Whitley or some other brewers, and I would be pleased to assent to that proposition. Continuing, Mr. Swift said be had a great many wit- nesses, but he did not propose to call them. He would say about the opposition what he said at the last hear- ing about his own application : If that Bench of Warrington naagistrstes did not know the locality and its needs, who in the world did ? What was the use of bringing people from one place and another to shy I want a public house "or I don't want one." it was the Bench's duty to know it, and he took it that the Bench did know the position. Mr. Maginn said Mr. Swift had said the firm had previously made arrangements with the Corporation to give up the land and buildings. He wished to know what were the conditions, and who was the person with whom the bargain was made on behalf of the Corpora- tion ?

_ Mr. Swift : The condition on which I have arranged to give up the property to the Corporation is that the licence of the Bridge Inn should be transferred to the new house at Orford. I cannot tell you with whom the arrangement was made, because I don't know. Mr. Maginn : It seems a very easy answer now, that someone belonging to the Corporation has been offered the grant of the land in order that they might secure the licence on this Bench.

Mr. Swift: I don't think so. So far as I know there is no one from the Corporation here helping me. The Mayor : As the Mayor of Warrington I say there has been no arrangement whatever made with Messrs. Greenell, Whitley on any condition whatever. Mr. Roberts (to Mr. Swift) : I take it, it is a free offer on your part. The Mayor : There has been no understanding either with the Town Clerk or myself or anyone else, that I know of. There could not possibly be and I hope it will not be laid at the door of the town of Warrington to say that we have gone behind the backs of this Bench to make arrangements of that kind for the sake of transferring the licence. THE OPPOSITION. Mr. Batty, solicitor,of Messrs. Batty, Ford,and Buckley • Manchester, said he appeared to oppose the application on behalf of Mr. James Guthrie, 58, Norris-street, and Mr. William Pilkington, 60, Norris-street, and other residents near the site of the proposed new public-house. He was armed with a petition signed by 12 I. people all living in houses closely adjacent to the site, and he was instructed to make very strenuous opposition to the application. At the last hearing it seemed to have been a question of some re-arrangement of licences in another part of the town, while the actual requirements of this particular locality seemed to have been treated— he did not say by the Bench—as a comparatively minor , matter.lt was a very able and clever thing on the part of ' his learned triend to suggest that the Licensing Bench knew everything about everything and that the Oalling of witnesses and the procuring of evidence which the Licensing Act absolutely contemplated and by implica- tion required,was unnecessary. In other words : Why expose the nakedness of my hand and the poverty of my case? Let me be relieved of that kind of thing." In licensing cases plans were " fearfully and wonderfully , made " to show from the very best point of view thei case of the applicant and to discount, as far I as possible, the opposition. He was not casting the slightest aspersion on anybody, but he would ask them to bear in mind that the usual grounds of merit were entirely absent in that case. There was very serious and exceptional ground of objection to the licence being transferred. His friend had made a disquisition on impending legislation and without mentioning the newspaper, had named a calculation made by somebody. The most extra- ordinary calculations had been made about the Bill, but were they going to affect the Bench ? He suggested that on the existing facts the number of licences in Warrington was ample enough in all conscience. Com- pare it with Lancaster, Southport, Blackburn, Burnley, Leeds, Barrow-in-Furness, Middlesborough, and it was substantially worse off in the number of licences than those places. Dealing with the facilities already afforded in the particular neighbourhood, Mr. Batty I said the Cemetery Inn was 745 yards away. That sounded very terrible, but it was only five minutes walk at four miles an hour. Then in regard to the King and Queen, the crow would only have to fly over about one house to get there. There was ample accommodation: in that fine modern honse for the Padgate-lane side and the Cemetery Inn provided for the Manchester- road side. Was any living soul going to suggest that there was not the most ample accommodation on the Marshbouse-lane side, with the Albion in Battershy- lane and other public-houses? Coming to the Norris- scobb "iris in l with over 1,000 boys and gection were exceptional. There was an ttool street district, there was only a small population, and stheeengldein raonuecnnedta,sanroydf Licensing Benches very generally looked I upon that as the most fatal and gravest objection that could be urged against the establishment of a fully- licensed house. Side by side almost with the school Ithey had the barracks, provided for by its own canteen, and the disposition of magistrates was to protect the British soldier from unnecessary temptation. The site was also in close proximity to St. Ann's Vicarage. and just beyond the railway bridge was the training college hostel for girls. He appealed to the magistrates not to consider simply what was dangled before their eyes by Mr. Swift for the benefit of the Corporation, but to consider whether the house was required in that dis- trict.He submitted thit the people were fully catered for by existing public-houses. He asked the Bench to wait until the people by vote in the locality would be able to give expressiOn of their opinion as to whether they wanted a new licence. The new Bill proposed to repeal the clause under which his friend was making the application—the method of avoiding the monopoly value by calling an application for a new licence a removal, which so many Benches had entirely discountenanced. What compensation, continued Mr. Batty, was it to his clients if the Bench made removals of licences in a congested area in another part of the town? Were the magistrates going to start the process of dragging down a district to the unhappy levels' which they all deplored,of other congested areas in thetown ? James Guthrie, 58, Norris-street, who said his house

===== 0002601_19080307_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ADJOURNED LICENSING SESSIONS.

BRIDGE INN TRANSFER REFUSED. -- Condemnation of the Credit System.

The adjourned licensing sessions were held at the Warrington Police Court yesterday morning and con- siderable interest was taken in the business. The Mayor presided and the other magistrates present were : Aldermen Tinnion and Bennett, Councillor Evans, Dr. Fox, Messrs. John Fairclough, W. Furness, S. Wright, C. Jackson Holmes, H. Thornton, J. Maginn, G. Pilling, H. Roberts, W. Roberts, J. W. Hayward, John White, T. Locker. W. Richardson. The Licensing Committee consists of : The Mayor, Alderman Tinnion, Councillor Wilkinson, Dr. Fox, Messrs. John Fakelough, J. Maginn, J. W. Hayward, H. Roberts, S. Wright, W. Richardson and C. J. Holmes.

APPLICATIONS GRANTED. Mr. E. Draper applied on behalf of Lewis Richard Rowson for removal of the wine and spirit (off) licence from the Market Place to Barbauld-street. The appli- cation was granted at the annual sessions, subject to confirmation at the adjourned meeting. The application was granted. Mr. Browne applied for the renewal of an off-licence in Folly-lane in the name of Samuel Jenks. Be pointed out that the matter of temporary authority was adjourned at the annual meeting as Mr. Steel said the executors objected. They had since come to terms and temporary authority had been granted to Mr. Jenks who was the son of the owner.

The application N-s -as granted. OFF-LICENCE OBJECTED TO. BEER ON CREDIT.

The Clerk announced that the next business was the hearing of the objection to the off-licence of Robert John Ellis, 110, Liverpool-road. Mr. Cuthbert Smith, barrister (instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel) appeared for the licencee, Mr. Rigby Swift, barrister (instructed by Messrs. Arthur Browne and Co.) for the owners (Messrs. Greenall, Whitley arid Co.), and Mr. T. S. Steel for the Off-Licence Holders' Association. Mr. Swift asked the Bench to conclude the applica- tion with regard to the Bridge inn transfer before hearing the objection. He did not think the application would take more than a minute or two. Mr. Batty, solicitor, Manchester: lam instructed to oppose the application. lam prepared with witnesses and I aril sure the Bench won't shut out the opposition of residents in the district. Mr. Swift: I understand this is the same application I made on the 7th of last month. The application was not opposed but the Bench thought I ought to make some further offer and it was adjourned on that account. I am prepared now to tell the Bench in half-a-dozen words what I am prepared to do. The Magistrates' Clerk : That does not preclude opposition. The application was adjourned. The Bench decided to hear the objection to the off- licence first. The Chief Constable said that as directed by the Bench at the annual licensing meeting he served a notice on Ellis stating that the renewal of the licence was objected to on the grounds that the licence was not required to meet the wants of the neighbourhood, and that irregularities had occurred in the conduct of the premises. Complaints were received by the police in August and September last with regard to the way in which the premises were being conducted. He inter- viewed the tenant on the 20th September, and Ellis made the statement which had been set out in his (the Chief Constable's) annual report to the licensing justices, to the effect that there was a custom in existence with regard to the granting of credit. He told Ellis that in his (the Chief Constable's) opinion it was very undesirable tha t such a practice should exist, as it was demoralizing and most degrading. Ellis replied that it was a practice that had been carried on for a considerable time past and he went on to say that quite a number of licence holders in the borough did the same thing and that it was with the knowledge of the brewers. He (the Chief Constable) asked Ellis to go home and make a note of what he had told him and he promised to do so. Nothing further happened until be (the Chief Constable) reported it to the Licensing Committee. It would appear that the practice had been carried on ever since the time that he had the interview with Mr. Ellis. Mr. Cuthbert Smith : Have you got the complaint there ?—Yes. I would like to see it.—The complaint that was made was not altogether of the same thine that it turned out to be on inquiries being made. That is why I want to see it—lt is a confidential communication and unless the Bench direct it, I shall refuse to allow you to see it. Do I understand that in fact the complaint was about something which you have not found to be correct ?—No, that is not so. lam making the corn- I plaint now. I am not taking it upon behalf of the person who makes a complaint. What you are complaining of is the system of credit which this man, you say, gives to his customers and 1 which he has admitted to you ?—Yes. The complaint went further than that, didn't it ?—i In what respect ? You have told the Bench that there was something in the complaint which you did not find on inquiryl from the man but that he admitted that he gave credit? —The complaint was that a system of credit was in existence but it was given in a different form from what the actual facts are. Is that complaint in writing I—lt is. Then I object absolutely to you giving evidence as to what is in that complaint unless it is produced.—l am giving evidence on the interview I had with Mr. Ellis, which was led rip to by the fact of this com- plaint being received. Mr. Rigby Swift : May I identify myself with the point raised by Mr. Cuthbert Smith ? It is trivial in the extreme for the witness to come and say "I received a complaint "and not to produce the complaint, while admitting that he has got it in his possession. As a matter of law we are entitled to have it. As a matter of commonsense what object can there be in the Chief Constable keeping it back ? The Mayor : The decision of the Bench is that you must confine yourself to the interview with Mr. Ellis— to what you know of your own knowledge. Further cross-examined by Mr. Cuthbert Smith, the Chief Constable said Ellis admitted keeping an account book. He (Mr. Nicholls) did not suggest that Ellis issued books to the men in the works. The man whom he trusted and who was responsible for the debts had the book and handed it to the workmen. Have you any evidence of that ?—Mr. Ellis's own

statement. The Chief Constable further stated that Ellis admitted having been cautioned previously with regard to the complaint by the police, and he (Mr. Nicholls) wcis in a position to put evidence in the box that he had been cautioned on no less than two occasions on the same matter. Mr. Mnginn : Ellis admitted to you that he was aware it was wrong to sell drink on credit ?—No. He I rather said there was nothing at all wrong in it and he

intended to continue it. Asked as to Ellis's statement with reference to the brewers, the Chief Constable said he rather questioned it at the time and told him he did not think it was possible the brewers could know of it. Ellis said it Was so. The Mayor asked whether the credid system had been stopped since the Chief Constable made the complaint to the Bench? The Chief Constable : I am not in a position to say that and I don't think [ought to mention an anonymous communication I have had. Mr. Crompton,of the Borough Surveyor's department, produced a plan of the district and said there was one licence to 422 of the population. The average for the town was one for every 353. Mr. Cuthbert Smith said Mr. Ellis had held the licence for nine years and had been a licencee in War- rington for ten or eleven years. With regard to the knowledge of the brewers, he thought Mr. Ellis had been a little misunderstood in what he said, but that did not affect the question much. So far as the needs of the neighbourhood were concerned,Ellis camo within the test applied by the magistrates at the annual sessions, because he sold about ten barrels per week and 4 dozen of bottled beer. The credit system was one which the licencee found in existence when he came there and he did not realize that he was doing tanything—nor did he (Mr.Smith)realize that he was doing anything—contrary to any Act of Parliament or to any provision of the Licensing Act. Heconsidered he was just as much entitled to sell beer on credit as a wine merchant was to sell wine. While he was not anxious to give it up—because it had been an old standing custom and he thought it would he a great hardship if he had to give it up while other licencees were doing the same thing—if it was wish of the Bench that he should discontinue it, he would do so. Ellis denied that he was any party to the arrangement whereby the man who sold the beer in the works made a profit of id per pint. Mr. Rigby Swift said Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., herr no knowledge whatever that anything irregular in the sale of drink was being done at the house or they would have admonished the tenant. There was no law against giving credit but be quite recognized that ' Benches of magistrates did not approve of it. Messrs. Gresnall had always recognized that and had discour• aged their tenants from giving credit. They were very grieved that a house of their's should have to be brought before the Bench on such a matter and they

===== 0002601_19080307_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
U

• •. .....:..7:••'...:4,,",' ';'..',..,,"Y:•:.,:..-.4'...k,:t..,.*

• ~.....;.,...,,,,.•.., ..i.i.... ',k,,1i:j.:,i.;.k,•.fi..., -''''l.4;.:'.T,..:;q•VZ;L.7_i',..-6'4k:.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 7, 1903.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.

" Faust."

In times past the Musical Society has had a well- founded grievance against the Warrington public because of the not very generous support given to the annual series of classical concerts, but this season the Society has every reason to be gratified at the success which has attended each of the three concerts. The first consisted of the production for the first time in Warrington of Sir Edward Elgar's great work " The Dream of Gerontius " before a crowded house; the second was the popular "Messiah " concert at Christmas ; and on Tuesday night Gounod a "Faust " was given for the concluding concert of the season. Again there was a magnificent audience, and an evi- dently warm appreciation of the Society's efforts "Faust " is, of COUTSO, not new either to the Society or to Warrington, but Gounod's exquisite setting of the romantic story has not been given for several years and it was particularly welcome on Tuesday evening. The interest in the event was certainly added to by the personnel of the principals announced to take part. Three were well-known members of the ' Society—Mrs. Arthur Booth, Miss Mabel Henshall and Mr.W. H. Wallington—whose position as principals in so important a musical venture was an honour alike to themselves and the Society with which they have been so long and so closely identified. The other two soloists were Mr. Charles Tree (a favourite bass) and Mr. Walter Hyde, a young tenor who has leaped at a bound to the front rank of the musical profession. When the Society engaged him a few months ago he was a tenor who was noted as gradu- ally coming to the front, and, very luckily for War- rington people, he has "arrived." Mr. Hyde has within the last few weeks won golden opinions from the London critics for his singing in the " Ring " performances at Covent Garden, and there was con- sequently a keen interest in his debut at Warrington. We need hardly say that Mr. Hyde fulfilled the highest expectations in his role Qf Faust. He possesses a beautifully clear and flexible tenor voice, capable of very wide ranee, and his singing on Thursday was characterised by flawless intonation, admirable articu- lation' and deep expression. In the frequent numbers which fell to his lot as Faust Mr. Hyde's capabilities were fully employed, and he earned the warmest applause. His great opportunity was in the cavatina " All hail thou dwelling pure and lowly," which was sung with the passion and feeling of a true artiste, and called forth a storm of applause. Mr. Chas. Tree makes an ideal Mephis- topheles, and one cannot escape the desire to see him attired for the part as it would be depicted on the operatic stage, for Mr. Tree can look really Mephistophelian even in the severe garb of the concert platform. As a vocalist he is of the highest class, and his rendering of "Clear the way for the calf of gold" and the sardonic serenade " Catarina, while you play at sleeping "were items which fully brought out his capacity for dramatic yet tuneful vocalisation. Mrs. Booth was called upon for a really exacting and sustained effort to sing the part of Margarita, and we must say candidly that she acquitted herself brilli- antly, to the no small satisfaction of an audience with which she was unmistakably popular. At first she betrayed a slight tremulousness which affected the rendition of " O'er the sea in Thule of old," but in the trying jewel-song Mrs. Booth rose superior to what may have been pardonable nervousness, and sang this famous number with a joyous abandon and technical skill alike admirable. She later distinguished herself in the duet " The hour is late," the appeal " Yet once again beloved," and the melody " No, my lord, not a lady am I." We have nothing but praise also for the debut of Miss Henshall in serious opera. Though she possesses a contralto voice essentially light, yet it is wonderfully sweet and tune- ful and was used to capital affect in Siebel's dainty songs " Gentle flowers in the dew," and " When all was young, and pleasant May was blooming." Miss Henshall is blessed with an enviable confidence, and she sang with an easy grace and clear articulation which won for her the warmest encomiums. Of Mr. W. FLWallington it is hardly possible to speak so highly. He was handicapped by the effects of a throat- cold and in the declamatory challenge to Faust, where so much is demanded of the, vocal organs he was unable to do himself or the musical theme full justice. But in " Dear gift of my sister," and "Even bravest hearts may swell" Mr. Wallington sang very tunefully. We need say little about the work of the chorus which, in " Faust " is not very hAavy, and to the Warrington Society not unfamiliar. The chorus was as usual powerful and well-balanced, thou,gh one could detect a slight straining on the part of the tenors in some of the high notes which suggested the need for reinforcements. The famous ' Soldiers' Chorus was particularly well rendered, being full of inspiration, and markedly precise. The orchestra acquitted itself with distinction, and if we have one fault to find it was that both the tenor and contralto soloists suffered at times from the undue assertiveness and volume of the instrumental music at their backs Mr. F. H. Crossley conducted with his well-known skill and exercised a marked control which was clearly effictfcious in maintaining the balance of both choral and orchestral work.

SIIFFRAGISI BADGE OF HONOUR. A badge of honour in the form of a metal brooch hearing upon it a reproduction of the main entrance to Holloway Gaol was on Thursday evening presented to each of the ten members of the Women's Freedom League recently released from prison following con- victions for the demonstrations outside the houses of members of the Cabinet.

Little children full of health Do lore to laugh and play, And many a man would give his wealth To be as bright as they. Though illness may attend us all As we become mature, Yet coughs and colds will surely fall 'Fore Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
;•'

NATIONAL FREE CHURCH COUNCIL.

ANNUAL GATHERINGS AT SOUTHPORT Lily C.—lTParkerd

ARTICLE 11.

If you asked the average Tariff "Reformer " what be expects of Tariff Reform his answer would

undoubtedly be that he expects it to shut out foreign 1 This i s annual gathering is of no small importance goods and enable British workmen to make them since it represents quite half of the religious senti- instead. And if you told the average Tariff "Reformer" , ment of this country. Perhaps this year's meeting is that the chief Protectionist countries import enormous of special interest at the present juncture because of the positiont. of the Education Bill proposed by the quantities of manufactured goods in spite of Protec- tion, he would probably imagine that you were pulling i Indeed, some are of the opinion that this organiza- his leg. Yet such a statement would be absolutely , ation does little more than pass resolutions about such in accordance with the truth. If the object of Protec- ; subjects and that its time is altogether taken up with the delivery of fighting speeches relating to the tection is to shut out foreign manafacturers, then c' I privileges of the Established Church. No doubt that Protection must be held to have failed utterly to idea is fostered by the fact that those portions of pro- accomplish its object. 1 cedure bearing on questions in which the rights of Experience of Foreign eountries. Nonconformists are denied or withheld, are seized by First, let us take the case of Germany, which is reporters and reproduced in the press under the provided with what is quaintly called " Tariff . impression that such are of most interest. And yet anyone attending these gatherings realizes that by far Reform "—i.e., duties on bread and meat and duties :le larger part of the time is spent in deliberating on on manufactured goods. Do the duties shut menu- questions in which tlaere is no difference between factured goods out of Germany? Here is the , Church and Chapel—subjects of religious, social or answer : I national interest. The Education Bill was discussed I on Tuesday and occupied a little over half an hour. IMPORTS OF lIIINUFACTURED GOODS' Probably this part of the procedure will be the only INTO GERMANY. 1 one reported in the daily press. £. 1 PRESIDENT AND EX-PRESIDENT. 1902. 1903.

1901. 1905.

57,000,000 64,000,000

1900.

69,000,000 77,000,000

97,000,000

Now, if these figures were British we should find the Tariff Reform League telling us that we were well on the way to ruin because we had no " Tariff Reform "to shut out foreign goods. It is most clear that Germany imports nearly £100,000,000 worth of manufactured goods a y ear, and that, therefore, these goods go in in spite of Protection. It seems a cruel thing to deprive British Tariff Reformers of their darling belief that it is possible to shut out imports of manufactures by a trumpery duty of 10 per cent., as suggested by Mr. Chamberlain at Glasgow. Worse remain, to tell. _ _

rhe ease of the United States. Let us see whether the case of America is any different. America, of course, has a much heavier tariff than that of Germany. The American duties are so much bigger that Germany may almost be called a Free Trade country as compared with America. Does the Dinghy Tariff shut out manu- factured goods ? I take the following facts from the official Statistical Abstract of the United States, published at Washington :

IMPORTS OF MANUFACTURED GOODS INTO

THE UNITED STATES. Dollars. 379,000,000 ... 453,009,000

1905, 1900,

413,000,000

430,000,000 528,000,000

Here, again, are figures calculated to astonish the poor Tariff Reformer. In 1906 the United States imported manufactured goods worth 528,000,000 dollars, or about £103,000,000. This great quantity of manufactures managed to scramble over the tariff wall. And this in spite of duties, some of which are exceedingly tall. Surely it is for tariff reformers to ask themselves : What is the use as a barrier of Mr. Chamberlain's 10 per cent. if the famous Dingley Tariff cannot do better than this ? What does it avail us to believe that a milk and water tariff would shut out go ,cl 3 if one of the most severe tariffs in the world allows in 2,105,000,000 worth of g ocls in a single year ?

The American Figure Really Z 120,030,000

As a matter of fact, the American figures given understate the case. The American system of valuing imports differs from that practised in Britain and Germany. The German figures given above, like our own, include cost of freight and insurance to port of entry—i.e., they are what are called c.i.f. values. Tlata American figures, howeyer, are taken exclusive of freight and insurance, so that we need to add to them on that account. Valued, as the German figures are valued, American imports of manufactures are worth about ,120,000,000 per annum.

The Explanation.

This being the opening day, interest centred round the addresses of the retiring President, Dr. Bendel Harris, and the incoming President, Dr. David Brooks, of Southport. The Council always expects something fresh from this Bible scholar and archreologist, Dr. Harris, and they were not disappointed. It was certainly refreshing to leave behind the things of which everyone is thinking,such as Socialism, poverty, the drink traffic, "contracting out," &c., and be led to the great Hittite centre of Boghaz-Keni in search of ancient documents to throw light upon the Bible story, and to study the aromatic papyri found at Assuan. It was a startling suggestion that the Free Churches should aid in the work of exploration, and yet why not ? Anything that can shed additional light on Bible records is of the first importance to Christians of all Churches. ! Dr. Brooks in his address brought us back to more ! familiar topics. He appropriately commenced by a ! touching reference to him who was expected to occupy the chair but whose familiar voice with its delightful Scotch burr was, as far as this life is concerned, for ! ever silent. The sympathy of all went out to Dr. Brooks when he expressed how inadequately he felt himself to be in trying to fill the large gap made by 1 the death of lan Alliclaren. The tribute to Dr. Watson was worthy of the occasion. Part of it was as follows : The Free Churches, and not they alone, recognised in

DR. JOHN WATSON a great minister of the Gospel. The loftiness of his patriotic and civic ideals, and his clear-sighted courage in their pursuit, made him a great force for righteousness. More than all this, he had ever a tender sympathy for all who were fighting a hard battle, or had lokt in the struggle and were sore with defeat. 'None knew better than he how narrow is the watershed where the question is determined whether a career shall lead out into the sunshine of success, or shall be thwarted and pass into the shadows. This sympathy of his gave encouragement and hope to all with whom he came into personal contact. In his writings he had a yet wider scope, and he extended his friendships and his mission all over the English-speaking world. What a message we mizht have had from such a man! He, being dead, yet speaketh. The whole address was an insistence on duties rather than on rights, although the rights were not omitted as the following passage will show : Dissenters, as most of us used to be called, from the very necessities of the case, have been accustomed to insistence on their rights. And this insistence must continue. It is true that, in spite of disadvan- tages and disabilities, the Free Churches have become strong and influential, until they represent half the religious community. That fact makes the State's attitude in favouring one denomination obviously absurd as well as intolerably oppressive. THS HOUSE OF LORDS

is a good—or a bad—illustration. It is the most mischievous anachronism of our country and our time. There you have a bench of Bishops of one Church, and not a single individual, either clerical or lay, who is a member of any Free Church of England or Wales. Such a state of things at the beginning of the twentieth century is grotesque. It is clear that there can be no pause in the assertion of Free Church rights until the absurdities, of which this is only a specimen, are swept away. There will be none until so far as the State is concerned, absolute equality of all religious denominations is completely guaranteed. The following passage emphasizing the mother instinct which ought to characterize all Church work I thought very fine : - And this suggestion of obvious duty harmonises with the very strongest instinct of a true Church of Christ. That instinct is MOTHERHOOD. The Church is the incarnation of that spirit which looked upon crowded Jerusalem and sobbed out maternal pity. " How often would I have gathered thy children together, oven as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not." It is the Good-Shepherd spirit which counts each individual of value, notes each wanderer from the fold, is pained by the absence, and reckons no sacrifice too great to rescue and restore. This Shepherd-Spirit neither slumbers nor sleeps. It tenderly watches the interests of the people from the cradle to the grave' It is Catholic in its manifestation. No class is above its attention, and none is beneath it. Tts sympathy is boundless, its patience infinite. This is the Christ- Spirit incarnate in His Church. Dr. Brooks, while speaking only for himself, left no doubt about his feeling with reference to what is called

The explanation of what would appear to Tariff Reformers extraordinary facts is exceedingly instruc- tive. The imports of manufactured goods into Germany and AmPrica are necessary to Germany and America, just as our imports are neceseary to us. The Tariff Reformer when he talks wildly of inapoits causing unemployment forgets that they are imported by people who need them. It is only when it is realised that the greater part of the " manufactures " imported into any country are raw materials of indus- try, that the impossibility of shutting out manufac- tures is also realised. Factories must buy from abroad if they are to pursue their activities, for no country produces the bast and cheapest of known manufactures in every branch of every trade. When we put on duties, therefore, hoping to do good, we often do more harm than good by raising the price of materials of industry. That ie why we find that of 375 boot and shoe manufacturers of New England, U.S.A., 311 pronounced in layout- of giving up the boot duty if the hide duty were also abolished, while of 40 New England tanners 20 wee in favour of giving up the leather duty if only the hide duty were also got rid of. You see a hide duty hits the tanner and a hide duty or a leather duty hits the bootmaker, while a boot duty hits men in all trades for all men ria&l b) ots. Protection is a vicious circle which vainly seeks to make everyone 'better off by making everything dearer.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
The Tippeal to Sections.

To th• cement maker the Protectionist promises dearer cement. But dearer cement hits the building trade. To the carpenter Protection promises a duty on imported joinery. But the carpenter is not reminded that dearer cement, dearer glass, dearer iron, dearer glue, dearer nails, dearer everything, mean dearer houses, fewer houses, and, therefore, less and not more work for carpenters. To.the spinner Protection promises a better price for yarn. But a better price for yarn hits the weaver, who in his turn. has to be placated with a duty to enable him to get a better price for his cloth. This particular point caused a big quarrel in the arrangement of the new .German tariff, when spinners and weavers fouzlit each other like the famous Kil- kenny cats, and in the end neither German spinner nor German weaver was satisfied. My advice to the man who is kindly offered a tax to help him raise the prices of his own particular product is that he should inquire what sort of taxes the other trades which affect him have been promised, and then to weigh very carefully whether be stands to gain anything through the privilege of buying dearly everything that he needs.

Pree Trade the True Protection.

In Yiew of all these considerations, Free Trade— the right, that is, to buy what we need in the best market—remains the only commen sense policy. It is the true " Protection " of the manufacturer, because

===== 0002601_19080307_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
"TME SECULAR SOLUTION."

It will be a great national disgrace if through "lazi- ness " we are driven to a solution which the great majority of the nation would on its merits repudiate. Dr. Brooks said :

For myself, I believe that this work can only be properly discharged in a spirit of reverence and by association with distinctively Christian teaching. It will be scandal to the common Christianity of all the Churches if our disagreements should seem to make this impossible. I know that a portion Eif our Council feels that agreement is hopeless, and that Christian teaching must be left to Christian Churches. A still larger number of men outside all the Churches have lazily accepted this apparently easy way out of the difficulty. To these ranks the Bishop of Manchester adds a fresh battalion with every speech which he makes on the question. To me, however, the secular solution, as it is called, has always seemed an obvious futility. That can be no solution which will leave in bitter dissatisfaction fully one-half the religious people of England.

THE POVERTY QUESTION

is no new one but it is being faced with a new serious- ness and from a new point of view. We are beginning to realize that the state of poverty in which so many merely exist is not normal, is unnatural. In times gone by we were accustomed to look upon disease, plague, &c., as visitations of God which were outside the control of man. This attitude has entirely passed away. In the same way the condition of those whose whole energy has to be given to providing the necessaries to keep body and soul together is being faced from a new standpoint and we are now looking upon such a condition as abnormal and as a challenge to our twentieth century civilization. The President's words if they did not suggest a remedy certainly recognized that a remedy must be found: Here are the broad fields white for harvesting. Whenever the Church tries to see the multitude with the eyes of Christ, pity, sorrow, indignation, and impatience battle in her heart. With all that has been done the honest labourer still gets less than any reasonable share of the amenities of modern life. While a few thousands in England are surfeited with luxuries millions are living on the verge of want, or are already precipitated into the abyss. The conscience and heart of the Church demands action wise, bold, and swift. There was also a clear recognition of what is apt to be forgotten or get out of proportion when so many eyes are looking to collective and legislative action. Dr. Brooks said : Yet when all has been said, the higher concern of a Church of Christ is the CHARACTER OF THE PEOPLE. _

It is important to secure for all men civic, social, and economic rights. It is still more important that they should deserve them. We earnestly desire that men should have better houses to live in ; still more we desire that those men who live in them should be better men. We can be no parties to economic theories and methods which will weaken the founda- tions of chavicter. For Chronio Chest Complaint, Woods' Gres Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080307_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19080307_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT. OLD-AGE PENSIONS PASSED. A Home Rule Bill The usual meeting of our Local Parliament was held in the Co-operative Hall on Thursday evening. There was a large attendance of members. The Clerk of the House (Mr. Mason) was absent but his place was filled by Mr. Nathan Cook, jun., deputy clerk. After the questions had been dealt with the debate on the Old-Age Pensions Bill was resumed. The MEMBER FOR OSWESTRY (Mr. W. L. Williams) asked the Government in what way they intended to broaden the basis of taxation in order to raise the money required for old-age pensions ?" He expresssd the concern of the party he represented for the welfare of the workers, and criticised the" miserable pittance" of 4s. or ss. per week which was available as the super- annuation fund from trade unions after 20 or 30 years' membership. The speaker, however, offered no criticism of the Bill before the House. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, Mr. W. Furness, said fariff Reform was mentioned by the Tories with the idea of bringing the Colonies closer to the Mother , Country. They (the Liberal party) believed that the Colonies were quite able and strong enough to look after theruselves.alr.Furness went on to further criticise Tariff Reform as a measure for keeping people fully employed at good wages, until called to order by the Speaker. He concluded by saying that it would be most pernicious to introduce a scheme for Old-Age Pensions which would place a tax upon the working classes of this country, as had been suggested by a Member opposite. The MEMBER FOR CARLOW (Mr. A. M. Crowe) con- gratulated the Government upon having the courage to tackle this acute question in a practical manner. The Tories wished to turn the question into one of Tariff Reform, but if the Old-Age Pensions had to wait until the Fiscal Policy of the country was altered it would be a lasting disgrace. (Applause.) Let the Government tackle Land Values and alter the levyiug of the Ineome Tax. (Hear, hear.) Money would not then be wanting to carry the question into effect. Let the Government give self-government to Ireland and they would save immediately four millions for the national exchequer. (Applause.) Old-Age Pensions would also save the two millions expended in out-door relief. He supported the Bill. The MEMBER FOR PETERSFIELD (Mr. F. G. Taylor) moved an amendment to clause 1 to insert the words "out of a tax to be called the Pension Tax to be levied upon all wages or other income." After expressing his willingness to support Old-Age Pensions he said they were told that it would require £26,000,000 for the Bill, and he thought the Government might have introduced some practical scheat e for raising the money instead of offering an impractical remedy. None of the members of ' the Government seemed to be agreed upon the method by which the money was to be rnised.lt appeared to him that a scheme which did not call for con- tributions from all the people in the country could not be considered sound. He blamed the unfortunate absence of thrift among the people who desired and I needed an old-age pension.("No.")Where everybody was to benefit everybody should contribute. A half-penny in the £ on the wages of all would produce a consider- able sum. There was plenty of money available. What about the money spent by tontine clubs in picnics and suppers (hear, hear and laughter)—and by the general I public on sport, music halls, tobacco, etc., and by trade unionists in levies ? There was a possibility of making provision for pensions through the friendly societies. Those people who desired to be safeguarded in the I future should join such societies in early life. The MEMBER FOR HORNSBY (Mr. A. Keenan) seconded the amendnfent The PRESIDENT OF THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD (Mr. Morton) said he hoped no Liberal Government would ever introduce the system embodied in the amendment—the system of direct taxation of the work- ingmen—so long as the present industrial conditions continued to exist. (Applause). They needed only to endorse the principle of old-age pensions. The money would be a matter for the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The MEMBER FOR NORMANTON (Mr. Nightingale) also criticised strongly the suggestion to draw contributions from the earnings of the poor. Speaking for the Socialists he said, We are the coming force' and made an impassioned appeal to the political parties to sink politics and help those below them. The amendment was then put and defeated. The MEMBER FOR BLACKBURN (Mr. R. Pierce Williams) proposed an amendment to Clause 2. to the effect that the money should be drawn from a graduated and differentiated tax on incomes of over £2,000 and out of the revenue from death duties Not a fraction of the cost of pensions, he said, should be borne by the workers themselves. The proposal to tax the moneyed classes did not arise from the predatory instinct attributed to the party to which he belonged. (Laughter and applause.) The wages of the working classes did not provide them with a margin that could be taxed. Five million persons took half the income of the people, and the other half was divided among the remaining thirty-eight millions. Fourteen million people only earned an average of £45 a year, and "the money must corns from where it is—from the rich." (Applause.) To offer the working classes Tariff Reform was merely to lift the burden from one shoulder to another. (Cries of "no " and applause.) The MEMBER POE WEST LEEDS (Mr. D. Shires) seconded, and pointed out that taxing the wealth of the country meant taxing everybody, because the workers produced the wealth.

- The MEMP.ER FOR LAMBETH (Mr. J. C. Wilkinson) '." said society was divided into two classes—the working and the shirking classes. (Laughter.) They must tax the idlers and the rich. It was impossible to tax the , unemployed, and people on the verge of starvation. . The amendment of the Member for Blackburn was then put, and carried by a large majority. The MEMBER FOR CAMBRIDGE (Mr. H. Hope) intro- duced another amendment to levy a small weekly pay- ment on workingmen and women from 16 years of age, and an equal amount from their employers; the Govern- ment to add a sum of say £2 12s. yearly to each pen- sion. Clause 2as it stood avant, he said. universal ti pauperism. The money required by the 13111 could ' never he raised except by universal contribution. The MEMBER FOR WEST CLARE (Mr. Felix Maginn) seconded this amendment because he was convinced it was.the only scheme which was applicable now.A general' contribution would ensure the success of the scheme by giving every workingman an interest in it, and would take away the taint of pauperism. The amendment was lost. The PREMIER (Mr. Upson) in winding up the debate vouched for the sincerity of the Government in intro- ducing the Bill. There had been no -serious criticism of it until the last amendment. The Bill might have been attacked on the ground that it was non-contribu- trny and non-discriminating. Instead, attention had been devoted mainly to the monetary side of the Bill, which was really a matter for the Chancellor of the Exchequer. If the Opposition were in favour of old- , age pensions as they professed they must vote for this 1, Bill. How the money was to be raised was not ' for them to decide. So far as they knew it might be raised by protective tariffs. (Loud laughter and cheers.) The Bill was to endow necessitous old , I age, and they merely regarded it as a palliative until the fruits of labour should be more evenly distributed and every man was able to provide for old age. (Cheers.) After adding that experts were agreed that a discriminating scheme was absolutely impossible in such a country as this, the Premier moved that" the question be now put." The SPEAKER asked for a vote on the Bill as read and it was carried without a single dissentient. The PREMIER announced amid cheers from the Government Benches that when they had got this and the next Bill out of the way, he was prepared to afford facilities for a full dress debate on the question of Free Trade v. Protection. THE HOME RULE BILL. The SECRETARY FOR IRELAND (Mr. J. F. Awbery) then read, amid cheers from the Nationalists, the text of the Home Rule Bill which he proposed to introduce at the next meeting. The Bill, which contains eleven clauses, is, of con- _ . . .._ . .. .

, i siderable length. Briefly put it enacts that" Ireland , shall be governed, controlled and managed so far as it relates to its local and domestic affairs by a statutory - 1 Parliament holding its sittings in Ireland ; That such ' Parliament shall in no wise interfere with matters ' concerning Ireland which may be of an imperial , character, or effecting the solidity and preservation of the Empire." Further clauses enact that l the King shall exercise all privilege vested / in the Crown, that a second chamber shall be con- stituted for ten years, its permanency or dissolution afterwards to be decided by a Royal Commission ; that for a certain period there shall be an Exchequer grant to Ireland : that the Irish Parliament shall send 50 representatives to the English Parliament ; local Government. taxation, &c.. to be vested in the Parlia- ment, and "Dublin Castle Government" to be abolished: in respect of differences between the two chambers, an independent Commission nominated by the Sovereign shall settle matters. Next week's meeting of the Society will be held on , Tuesday evening. ..,

Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs ani Coldsnever fails. Mk, 2/9.—Advt.

Marriages. MATHER—ASPINALL.—February 29th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpal James Mather to Lottie Mend Aspinall. SHEPHERD—GALVIN—March Ist, at the Parish Chun. Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Joseph Shepherd to Catherine Galvin. Deaths.

PIF.RPOINT—On March 4th, at 17, Queen's.r.. Richmond, Surrey, Apes, younger daughter of ti late Benjamin Pierpoint, of St. Austin's, Warrior,' aged 64. No flowers, by special request.

- Warrington.—Printed and published by join; WAr.aqs & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Wor Becrsey-street, and published by them at the w place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-I Wirg.nts .. 32, George-street, Sr. Hirtaxa: 3, Mar,. Street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCOBDI 7th, 1903.

4*- ;.(

, -, ~:.,...'' A: :-.:;....1 . ..I.‘: ,',:!' • V.:•:: ~,-.,. I, ' !1.11;:: DI:, l'i ' ,L;;4•3.;:., 7,:,...".. li 1 liP r.i;,l .c..•.. ~ If ,‘, Y i A •4„ .. , ~, , .. • • , • • , , . , ~ • • , . , ~ : ~ .. .... , ,th) ircPf •roadr ! the' igtOD• )rko' tan3A° .TOS". irke' I i ! 1

===== 0002601_19080307_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MARCH STa. 19C8. PRitAcRER : RIIV. J. YOGI. 10.30 Asr. 6.30. USUAL OPYRRTOHISS. BOLD STRERT WRLETAN CHURCH TO-MORROW (StrNDAT) MARCti BrR, 1908. PARACH ass .• Morning '0.30. I,ev. E. 3. GAWNR. Bing &.30. They. THOdAS MILLER. All vroirevne. Hymn Hooks nrnvirlaci.

BAPTIST CHURC L) LATCH To-tdoRROw (SUNDkY) MARCH Bth, 1908. JOHN FRANCIS ItIATTHBF/S. Morning 1n.30. " • Nation in its joy." Evening E. "Regenerstion and revolution." OFFERTORIBS.

EWSEY ROAD WESLEY AN CHURCH. Tn-MORROW (SUNDAY), MARUH BTri. M011144(10.31. RIM. WILLIAM BIRLLOIL. Livening 6.30. MR. JOHN UPSON. AB Welcome. Hymn Books provide?'

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CAS. m itTANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. QIRINGS of tbe Finest Quality. 1.7 ARTlSTlC_Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of (1. A. Chariot). VT, RENSHAW STRIIIIT (Corner of Benton street), LIVID/POOL.

WART-el NG rON UNION.—TIIK GUARDIANS INVITE A PPLIOATIONS from qualified persons fry the appointment of OFFICIIRS' COOK at the Workhouse. Candidates must be single Or widows, Salary EEO per annum rising £2 10s. toas together with uniform, apartments rations As. Applications to ha sent to the MASTRIt of the Wozkhouse not later than noon on Friday 13th inst. By order, J. C. SUTTON, Clerk to Guardians. WARRINGTON CORPORATION TRAMWAYS. ADVIIRTI3INO ON cans. The COUNOI INVITH TRNORRS for the rights of ADVIIRTI•ING on the CORPORATION TRAM CARS. Form of Tender and contract may be obtained on application to the Tramways Manager, Mersey Street, Warrington. Tenders endorsed " Tramcar Advertising" and addressed to the Chairman of the Blectricity and Tramways Committee, Town Hall, Warrington, to he delivered not later than IR o'clock. noon. March 24th, 1908. Town Hall, J. LYON WHITTLR. Warrington, s:own Clerk.

T. J. LEE DRAPER, Has Removed from Bridge St., To the Shop corner of Horsemarket st., and Buttermarket St., Lately occupied by MISS GARNER.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. ISOLATION HOSPITALS ACTS, 1893 AND 1901. CONSUMPTIVE SANITORIUM. IVOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a Committee IN appointed by the County Council of the County of Chester under the above Acts will, at the Crewe Arms Hotel,Crewe, on MONDAY,the 30th day of March, 1908, at 11 o'clock in the Forenoon,hold a PUBLIC INQUIRY, as to the necessity for the establishment of a Hospital for the Treatment of Pulmonary Tuberculosis, and as to the proper Site for the same, and the District or Districts for which such Hospital should be established. AND NOTICE IS HEREBY FURTHER GIVEN, that at such Inquiry any Persons interested may attend and state their case before the said Committee. Dated this 20th day of February, 1908. REGISALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire County Council.

-- Order Investing Rural District Council with Urban Powers : Determining Spoalel lixoenses WARRINGTON RURAL DIuTRICT CONTRIBUTORY PLACE OF WIN WICK WITH HULMR. • • TO 'THE RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF WAERIEGToN : And to all others whom it may concern. WE, THE LOCAL GOVEKNMFCNT BOARD, having received and duly considered an application from the Rural District Council of Warrington under Section 276 of the Public Health Act, 1875, for the issue of an Order potting in force in the contributory place of Winvviek with Bulme in their District, certain provisions of that Act KS hereinafter mentioned, do hereby Declare and Order as follows i AnyycLi I.—Until We by Order otherwise direct, the pro- visions of the first paragraph of Section 161 of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be in force in the said contributory putoe, and the said Rural District Council shall accordingly be invested with all the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations of an Urban District Council under those provisions. lu the said contrlbutoi y Oace. AtinnoLs ll.—The expenses Incurred or payable by the said Rural District Council in the execution of the powers conferred upon them by Article I. of this Order, except so far as those expenses may relate to their Batablisbretent and I Officers shall be special Expenses within the meaning of the Public Health Act, 1875, chargeable upon the said contribu- tory place. ARTICLE 111.—This Order shall 00n15 into operation on the Third day ol February, One thousand nine hundred and eight, and the said Rural District Council shall cause It to be published once in some newspaper circulated within their District before that date. Given under the Seal of Office of the Local Govern men t Board, this Tenth day of January, la the year one thousand nine hundred and eight. JOHN BURNS, President, H. C. MORRO, Assistant Secretary. NOTE—BY an Order of the Load Govern sent Boar I dated the 28th February, 1901, the time for the publication of the Order was extended to one month from that date. By Order, J. C. SUTTON, Clerk to the Rural District Council of Watrington,

LAST WEEK OF Clearance STILE TERMINATES, Saturday, March 14th.

THE ARTISTIC WADDINGTON. PIANOS) Which for over 40 years have been sold by dealers of repute in all parts of Lancashire may now be obtained at greatly reduced prices direct from the makers' local depBt in RRNSHAW STRSRT, LIVIERPOOL. Consult your own interest by calling or writing for new Art Catalogne ar.d full particulars of the Waddington Surrender Value Hlre-purchoe Scheme. WADDINGTON & So, (The only makers of pianos selling direct to the public in the North.) CENTRAL HALL BUILDINGS, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL. FACTORY( SiiITABLIBEID 1833) S PON BOATS, YORK. 'MARCHES IN 17 OTHER TOWYe. MASA.GER : MR. }MIRY MEYER.

Furniture, earpets, and Furnishings of every' description at prices far below their value. EVERY ARTICLE REDUCED. ask for Illustrated Booklet showing a few of the Speeial Reductions. Telephone 197,

PAM, MKLBA., CActUSO, KUBELIK, LAUDER.- ETC., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. All you require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. RVBILY RIV:ORD and every type of IaRABLOPRONI4, ZONOPHONILand THOM AS 14DIsON MACHI NE in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, 74/ AND 7P, SHNSHAW ST.' AND 271, PARK RD., LivinteooL. Tel, 66X and 431 X Royal. SIIND FOR LISTS POST FEE.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRSPARBD to 11130111VN LOANS, either at al: months notice or for a term of years. Applioation to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal °Mom WarrinirtOrt.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2i PHR oHNr. INTEREST &Dowel on Deposit Accounts. 2 PUB CENT. INTARBST on Drawing Aoo°outs with Chew 13c.0k. All General Banking Business Ireneacted. ALMANACK, wLTH Pow. PART1C1.4.14)3, POST PRE% , O. F. HAVIirDsOROFT. SVCRFTABY

NURSES ! is ORSnS ! ! !! ! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CAS% ANY DISTANCE, NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALR AND FEMALE NLIRSES' INSTITUTION, (RSTABLISHRD 30 vEsw3). lIOPE HOUSE, HOPE ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams "Nurses," Liverpoll

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &n., BOUGHT.—HEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; If not approved Goods Returned, WOO 4.GRP&ID. Second-hand DllEaS SUITS, MILITARY, IHRATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Eire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD OUST PRIOR. LlLLltos' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LIMO) and FROCK CloA,Ts. PORTIdikRTRAUS, Ao., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS.SEIRTS.BLUOHERS.WELLING lONS. CARDIGANS. OILSKIS. POLICH CAPRI, DORMAN'S. 326, US, and 340, Deanigate, ilanunester. Established 80 Years. Telepbone No i 3

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per or, 00VERLET1H I TAILS OP ) Plum HAIR FRAMES, PORR 5/6 IPRom 303 aAopr. HAIR. T S BROWN, 5, LIMB ST (OAR STATION). LIVBRPOOL.

SEED OATS! SEED OATS! SPECIALLY GRADED AND CLIANRD. GROWN ON VARIOUS SOILS. SPLENDID RESULTS LAST SEASON. , JAMES FAIRCLOUGH & SONS, LTD., WIDNES.

PIABOS &ND Mir4ANS. —Chalmers does tell at many pounds less than firms who have expensive rents and swell canvassers, collectors, and other hangers-on. The' public would be surprised at the enormous cost of running a swell piano business. JAI avoids these needless expenses ; Instead of paying £3OO to £BOO rent he pays £25 for a large warehouse, central, hut out of the principal thoroughfare. To intelligent buyers this means an enormous saving. d',C.'s turnover is larger than many of the swell warehouses. Come along and inspect stook, and you will be delighted with the value. Chalmers allows the highest price for old instruments as part payment for new goods. Note address CHALMERS, 83. Great George-street, Liverpool GU minutes from Lime-street) : open till 8 every night ; carriage pal' any place. Donkno.—Beautlful toned " Collard f" cottage EL 1. Paymeets arranged.-0111.1.3tmte, 63, Great George at., Liverpool.

11DIANOS AND ORGANS.—Chalmers, 63, Great. George at., Liverpool (10 minutes from Lime at.), instruments returned from winter hire; magnificent upright Iron grinds from £l2 by Hopkinson, Allison, Kirkman. and many other famous makers, "sou! to new " and at one-third original coals ;In tact, "make your own price end terms." Come early if you desire to secure a real life-long bargain at prices charged elsewhere for old rubbish. " worn out 30 years ago." Come along, and if 3ou have £4 to £6 to pay down you shall secure bargains that will open your eyes to the long triees charged elsewhere. " Fully warranted bv written guarantee." Carriage psid any place by CHALMESS, 63, Great George it., Liverpool. ()pen Sill 8 daily.

SEWN D-H.AN D 'PIANOS ON SALE. A FEW GOOD INSTRUMENTS FROM SPECIAL IRON-FRAME PIANO, 20 GUINEAS. IWONDERFUL VALUE. INSTRUMENTS TUNED, REPAIRED AND EXCHANGED. H. H. PE ARSON, WAR it I NGT TELHPHONI3 501.

CrIEL °RAGE ST PUR.IKEIE, SEED MERCHANT, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.: LADN LINES IN VROKTABLE. FLOW }t AND FARM :.4EIiDS. OBTAINED FROM BEST POSSIBLE STOCK'S. I SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, CONTAINING NOVELTIES IN VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS FOR 1908.

THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. rA SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS, ;; From AIITECUIR. IVIOUNFIEZ.D, Tel. .350y.] BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, IVARRINGTON. In Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. 6d. Prises Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on application.

IMet 0040,111..°31M10M1, 13.1aIDGENSTIFI.METIF WARRINGTOT THE BEST PLACE FOR earpets, Linoleums, and Household Drapery. Experienced man for fixing Window Blinds and Floor Coverings.

J. E. WARREN 131, WILDERSPOOL RD. 9 Warrington. Telephone 54r. WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MEReHANT. COAL, LIME, BRIUKSv SIRE-CLAY GOODS, DRAIN PIPIS.B, CEMENT, PLASTER, &c. Ageut for the ACCRINGTON BRICK & TILE CO., SKEI,SEYS' ADA CEMENT, THE NEW LIME CO., Button. ENQUIRIES iNVITED.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

E6TABIABitED 18.38. RICHARD JEFFREYq 88, BOLD-BTRERT, LIVERPOOL, ritsmn NEARER &ND PRINT STILL/Ct. A Large Assortment of Presided Plenums, suitable or Wedding end Birthday Presents, School Prize., tr. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY? HOLLYER OF PICTURRS BY WATTS. BOSS WIT!. and BURNIC-JONRS. AUTOTYPE 11EPRODUOTIONE OF PICTURES IN TIIMNATIONAL, TATE AND Omni GALLERIES. A CHOICE coLLarrioN OF OLD ENGRAVINGs,

SMITH 484_ WALKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCKIOF:NEWEST GOODS FOR WINTER WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 Y. mmurenErr GATE, VitATURI IST G-T ON.

PI N E R FURNISHING STORES, 9 to 19, BOLD•ST.,A LIVERPOOL. Supply:for CASH at RemarkablylLOW PRICES, ANDION EASYMIRE TERMS, to/40 per cent. Below Usual Hire Prices. A SPLENDID STOCK MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. Catalogues and Terms FREE.

,' ..V '.;if,Z4.,:•.; `',-.6;.;, r:. ;7.,,,/,.•-.. ~,,,,,,, . , ~i , • , k) p .... ,•, ,„ •,..,-... !!*? Humber - , Tdes , . . . .. ~ 1906 . ' : 4.' coo, .) ......„ :......„..... , ..,:,4,4„,,,,,...,:„,..,.:,.,„ „ , I,- ~ ./------- ~. •1 IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN CYCLING ' this book should be in your possession. You can obtain it free . i' ' . ' • on application. It tells you all about the new models of Humber Cycles, including the Humber-Cordner 3-speed gear, the Humber bearings, the Humber wireless rim brakes, the Humber duplex -• ' - '111?" ‘ . forks, the Humber 'slip-on " gear case, and the many other special features which have made the Humber 4*. iii "BY TEST, THE BEST" .411. A , ./ ' 0 THROUGHOUT THE WORLD. Prices from £55e.. or by Real Easy Payments from egg, ad. per month. Delivered Carriage Paid to any Railway Station in the United Kingdom. :t • ::-........,„ ' r: I • Send for handsome illustrated catalogue, post free front I BELLIAN and DAVIES, . SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. .. -

MARMALADE 3 ACH IN MINT ON HINE AT SIXPRNOS PER HALF-DAY. WILLIAM 13 ESWICK, HABDWARBMAN, BUTTRIOIARRET STREET, WARRINGTON.

11 11 AGRBL" RAZORS • ARS THR ACMR OP PERFECTION. BREFFIEL MAKE, WANKANTS)P, POsT PHEW 24, Rd., 38., 48. 60., AND I. 6D J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'ti LA.NEII, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Looal Agent, J. Histsemwria, Market Hall. Warrington. HORTON'E. 0 RIG 1 NAL R N EDI C PILLS FOR FREI ALBS. la Rf.wrtays norreet pUitreenlaritiaa and remove all obstructioos also eure Anr,7114. Rnel entren ao inkiry to the Married or tingle err, iflr,OURMe. By post, under enver, rot Is. Ijd. or ks. 91.. from U. D. HORTON (late Chief Disnenser from Blrmiagbam Lying•ln Hospitall, Dept. 55 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 years,SOPPLIED DIRNOT ONLY. SRLDOM EMI FAIL. Alt Lanies shOuld send for a feee sample of Improved Sanitary Towel. and Interestina booklet Post fre..

CHERRY LANE, LYMM, CEIBSHIRR. (SEVEN MINUTES VALK IFROM LTMM STATION), IMPORTANT SALM OE HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE (WITHOUT RESERVE) ON THURSDAY WRIT, MARCFI 12vB. Au?. JOHN MAGINN has been empowered by 1 MR. R. CANNON, who is leaving the district, to SELL BY AUCTION, without reserve, on the above date at his house in Cherry Lane, the whole of the HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and EFFNCTS, consisting of DINING ROOM, SITIING Room, BEDROOM, and KITCHEN FURNI- TURE, WASHING end COOKING UTRNSILb, CARPETS, BEDDING, LIEN, CUTLERY, CHINA, GLAnS, and PICT, RISS. Distara ROOM.—Dining Room Suite In massive carved walnut frames, upholstered in Axminster saddlebags, nine pieces, by Waring and Gillow ; walnut telescope Dining 'Table with leaves , Grand Piano by Cramer, London ; walnut Overmantel, antique Brass Curbs and Brasses, ' antique metal Coal Cabinet, mahogany Card Table, Marble Clock and Bronzeo, Brussels Carpet, Skin Rugs, Occasional Chairs, Oil Mating' by noted artiste, Curtains, Blinds, Curtain Poles, hke, BREAKFAST Boom.—Broakfast Room Suite, consisting of two large Armchairs, four small Chairs, and Couch, upholstered in velvet saddlebags • mahogany Diming Table ; walnut Sideboard with bevel silver plates, walnut Over- mantel, eight-days' Weight clock, Braes Curb and Brasses, Coal Box, Inlaid Sheraton Secretaire and Bookcase, antique mahogany Chest. Stuffed Foxes in case, Carpets. Blinds, Ao. HALL usn tTA!RCACS,_waInuI Hall Stand, Hall Clock, two Hall Chairs, Brussels Carpet on stairs, Stair Rods, Sc. BEDROOM No. I.—Mahogany Bedroom Suite by Johnson, Warrirgton, conalsting of double-door Wardrobe, Dressing Table, Washstand and Chairs, massive mahogany Bed- stead and Damsels Hangings, mahogany Chest of Drawers, Feather Bed, Bedclothing. Pier Glass, Brussels Carpet, Commode Chair, mahogany upholstered Hooking Chair, Dearth Rug, Chaneberware, Curtains. Blinds, dm. BEDROOM NO. 2.—Mahogsmy Bedroom Suite with bevel plate thieve! glasses, Marble Slabs, Ac., Mahogany Bedstead and Hanginge, Feather Bed, Wool Bed and Mattress, Bed- clothing. Chest of Drawers, Chamber ware, Carpet on floor, Curtains, Blinds, AC. Bxnactom No. 1 —Brass and Iron Bedstead, Wire Mattress. Wool Mattress, Washstand and Dressing 'fable, Chest of Drawers, Bedding, Curtains, Blinie, /cc., Rugs, Mats and Chamberware BUNDRlRl.—Kftchen Dresser with Drawers, Large Kitchen I Table, Washing Machine, Bradbury Treadle Sewin,l Machine, Hand Sewing Machine and Case, Weights; and Scales, Wring- ing Machine, three Single Bedsteads and Wire Mattress, with Bedding, Carpet Sweeper, quantity of New Table Linen, Bed- spreads, Ac. °coking and Washing Utensils, Garden Toole, several mire of new Curtains, also new Table Linen, China, Glass, Books, Pots, Ornaments, and many articles too numerous to mention SALE TO COMMENCE AT 12 NOON. E.verything must be sold. No reserve. Goode on view Morning of Sale from 9 a.m. For further particulars a-ply to the Auctioneer : MIL JOHN MaGiNs, HAD DON COURT, WARRINGTON,

WORKSHOP : 48, ADARsIIIC STREET. PERCY B. GAN DY, SIGN WRITER, PAINTER, GLAZIER:AND:HOME DECORATOR. ESTIMATIPWREE. RERIDENCE : 234, MANCERSTER ROAD.

PIERPOUvTI AND CO f PRIZII MRDALIBAKBRY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSETIOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALDE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO HEAT.

R. rIJNNINGI2IAM, 189, wIIqWI3K HD.. WatifilcGTOV (Tpleohone 179). BREw P.R'i AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Hass' No.l Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allmon's Ales. Deconshire and Hereford Clam.. Wbentlev's end Vault's Hon Bitters. Allsopp's and Zeffrey's LAGRR BEIM ie BOTTLE. Am) IVIV•PFACTUPERMop HIGIT-CLkSS MINERAL WATER.

CIP11(1111 SUDLOW'I QPROTAL SILK cur 'IMA.IIRT'IRS. Guarantted 14nne-na,dr from Pma Virtrinfan Tobacco. 184. per oz., 2+. F 4. per tlb. box. T. suDLow & k J C r4kR MfIfUIKATS. 15, WINWICIK ST', atm S, BUTTOWAARKET ST.. WARRINGTON. Ter. 414 y.

GrEDDEA'S DANDELION COFFEE. vim BEST AND ONNAPHss, :SVEN OFFICRIRD TO TRH PURTIO. SOLD ST ALL GROCER AND DIDIGGIsTS IN CA.NISTERS 5D., MD.,. AND is. BD., NACU WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDIN At SON, LTD, WARRINGTON.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS, SICKNESS, HY PLOYItRq• LIARMITY, nrrytr4t.AßT AND FIDRLITY r4ITARANTRit RISKS INSMUID AGAINST BY THR RAILWAY PARSIWG RES ASsnR A voir CO. CAPITAL MTh- eubseribe<9 21.0n1.000 CLAIMS pun 2.5.400.000 84, onFtwuttr„Lownorr. A. VTAN. ReererAry MANCIIIISTRB OFFICE I IS JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in nnreoresented districts. AGRNTS grarrlngton Mr. C. Z. HOLMRS, Bridge St Mr.W.H. Victoria-rd.,Latchfor. St Helens liTr.J. 14. LRAOH, Hardshaw-street Rowlock.— .............. Yr. J. BILLIN(411 The Willows Sandhiseh Yr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridg

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES. CHEAPEST AND BUST. ANALYSIS GUARANTEED, Filen, ANT PA RTICUL ARS, trAMF'S 11100bg & SONS, LONGFORD WORKS, WARRINGTON.

QUITTI4PORI MODKRN SCDOOL.—AN IDEAL L 7 SCHOOL FOR BOY. Flret-elaea efitmation Staff include, 8.A., B.Sc., P.C.., RAI , de. Swimming, Gyrnnaatioa, tiadet Company and Hifle Range. Foreign boys reN,IVe(7. PrOspeo7ll4t,om iIEADMASTER.

'...UONOllrSit Tan l?t. ni'dl{Cho.'irAmesiS.telr'.oMf .ilt. PrPar'ull'essoB()liirircohf PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. rpwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prectice.—?or terms apply 131, LovELY LANE and LEGE! Sr., Warrington. QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON tj HEATH.WARRTNGTON (3 minutes from Oar Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FORIGIIIILS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large Nouse. extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident staff and Visiting Masters and Mitten°, Great successes in Examinations. The neat term will commence on Thursday January 16th. PROSPECTII9, References ani Views on application to MISS PARTINGTON. PRINCIPAL.

APPOINTMENTS UNDER .GOVERNMENT. iBOY OLERESNIPS. MALE LISARNEWit SBCOND DIVVIOn nutincs. axotsit ASSISTANTS. CUSTOMS ASSISTANTS. TAXES SURVEYORS. FEMALE LEARNERS. GIRL CURIO. LADY CLERKS. Are, all Government DilleLes teapfna BENBFITS OF GOVERNMENT SERVICE. Over 2,000 Vacancies will be filled by 0061P1TITIVB EX ANIMATIONS within next 12 months. Candltiatee successfully prepared fa DAY. EVENING and POSTAL CLASSES. THIS CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE gives full information —A copy free from the Secretary 'MERRY'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

---,, ,---- - SI, 'A ' ,;'''? ..-?‘ *2: .'• 9 -....... 1712,.,..,:,14‘ q , $, ..'' ,-%`: 'e.f.:- : $ ,AS's •IV_ A' ,: ,:x ra., f74174:1'.. •"' N-'l., 44, , 1 Li. , e, ...... #.,.. ...sik . A • ~.,,, " •':, -..,, :: w.l. , ..-, • -:.... • ...V4' }.: ~ z 4 ( —... . ..—,----- Medical Journal. 9 %-•,----..-..,-,---A--,..:.,' 4, is admirable, in flavour it is perfect."— British Med. U- & Goes - Best Farthest.

, ~ .. ... 0 11/11 1 'lf a, .: . , 7,4 i • 1i 0 ( 11/ 1 / \ . ' . ,:,/,, .o'_.. • - e. , . \-- 1, 1 r v..„,..., , ,\- - v ,„..,. i : \.l , 1 ,A , -1, .....,‘ • •7• 1, \,,••,,,. / NN\ ,• , . • ,„ , , \ , • 1.,. • 4 ~. !", i•:. \ \!..', Ii ' lii • 7,, • / , I 1 i• Ili IV . •,'. ,/, ~, ' -N.( ,-• , ' i -----\_.--- ---\-----r"'

OUR "BEAU IDEAL" UPRIGHT IRON GRAND PIANO REPRESENTS THE Best Value ever offered to you. If you wish to pay all the cash at once it only costs 18; GUINEAS. If it would he more convenient for you we are prepared to deliver it to you for 10/6 monthly. Send fcr n FREE CATALOGUE giving you full particulars of this and many more Models just as good value. RICHMOND JONES eft SONSo 11-13, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL. " 'Neath the shadow of St. Luke's," TOP OF BOLD STRHET.

THE SETTLER'S IDEAL HOWIE 97-,_:„. r. rov, -....0 .., .... - . 71 , , -..v vr , ~,,,,, -,,,u , ~,,, -4?-' AA .4 '' -'4 -44 , A , t' K :01:1:14 ' i Orwit. Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill - \ Th...... , ..1). Si Albion Co.. The New Zealand Shipping Co., and the Federal Steam Navigation Co., for IRJF-11201E-I(CE ra ',',,‘ • ' ' FILII.EI3 for 2nd ana 3rd Class Passages. At the present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, ceiiee--", 3771111011114 &Or, Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Wood Cutters and ' -04•""•;••e- ' - .•• men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if •- 0, if ~ ••,.- ~ approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) • Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates • • .-Alt •••,-- - ,------ •.N. r.r....,...... _ subject to their taking with them not less than £2. For Noti 4.1,_ 'ICI., N,„ ~..t___li•ec.l..* ". -, - application forms and further information apply to the ;., • . ,r° '-' '' " High Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street, •• / ' ' . ' .• -•,-->-'4"...: London, or the Agents in the United Kingdom of the -above Shipping Companies. -r: ...::•-.•?•:-......".. • i :GUTS RESERVED.;

DR. SCOTTS •„ 2.en A TESTED REMEpY • _ e. is safer thathanexpeiirnent. fr,e You canuot afford to ex er -men when your STOMACH or LIVER is out of order; common sense demands • that you take the tested remedy—Dr. • SCOTT PlLLS—and profit by the example of millions. Relief from the first pill, and a final cure; that is what you get in Dr. SCOTT'S PILLS. Safe and reliable in every case of Indigestion, Biliousness, Constipation. Sold everywhere in boxes, tad. & A FREE SAMPLE BOX will be sentto _4l all who write, enclosing a penny 410164 stamp to cover postage (mention. 44164 log this paper). to W. LAMBERT dz Co., • el 258. - Ruston Road, Lie London 411VT'p . • Established . 50 Years. • • gc,l3owser.4 "Really Wholesome Confectionery" • —LANCET. . A sweetmeat for all, and may be given ,v;th confidence to the youngest child. • In paper packets and tin boxes— various sizes. Manufactory: London, w.c. •

Let Up ES &1771114 A SRO:WHIM Mi. ~. ,4,-...., \... _, Bottle.% 7i d., Free Sautple for ld. stun . . fA. 11. 13 M&NDALL & C,o.Ld.eoeZ9 i', L---, .-.._ • 0 on-Tee. ''' Y Cer‘CV ri e

•Vrel IMITATIO,

WANTIC D, at once, healthy young °MN KRAL, about 17 assist house duties, children. Good home, state age. refs. Photo returnable.—Vagnog, ES, king at., btrettord. Manchester.

UGGi FOR HATCHING from excellent layers; grand Ir. type; breed winners ; White Wyandotte,' 51. per doz. ; Buff Orpingtons 3s. per doz. —J. WAVER, Uimbo Lane, near Wigan.

BDUFF ORPINGTON, cel,brated winter layers, Holmes' Prize strain. big septrate pens. Ens 3s. 6d„ ss. 7s. 6d. and 21s. per sitting. Also Pullets. —Join( Lowe, Hl.onhead Hall, St. Helens.

ATTHATION—Wanted regular supplies of Live Hens, DPW laid.eggs ; all) FeAlters, top price. given daily, V. H. BELL Sel.arnan, 14, rlotit, it., Spitalftelds Market London. Hanks Farrows Bank.

lOOK I TO POULTRY KRIIPEIRS.—String netting, 1) waterp,oof, lb. mesh, for eielosing poultry runs. la. twenty square yards, 1.. ; sent Anv width or length.—H. OBINBON & Co., Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

VitiGO FOR HA.TCHING from Exhibition strains, Ui Faverolle', White Wyandotte' (Indian G•me, Buff, Orpington's), (Indian Game Faverolles), L. Brahma", 41. dozen. Send for Catalogue.— BETTS POULTRY FARIS Goostrey, Cheshire.

EOUS from handsome heavy-laying HUPP ORPINGTONS and White Wyaneottes ,ss. per 13. Unfertiles replaced and nine chickens guaranteed or another sitting supplied half-price, Chickens 10s. doa Any dying in transit repIued.—LONORIDGE POULTRY Patna, Elcarisbriclr,Orm3k.rk.

kl CLARK, Holly Bank, Heathfield, Sussex, can now a supply white WYANDOTtri I4GGS at 102. L. 7s. 61., and 61. per doz. His pens now include the following winners : first, Palace, Hayward, Heath, Birminghtm Club Show. York, 1937 ; Horsham, 193,5: second. Folks- stone; third, Belmonton, Walthainstow. Uafertiles replaced once; orders, in-rotation.

WANTRD situation as GARDENER (second), inside Preferred ; 10 years experience ; good references.; abstainer age M.—Apply 3. R. TICKLE, Willaston, near Chester.

RMEE AGENT, to rlde, exhibit, @emote cycle, and take orders ; large profits made without interfering ordinary employmont.—Write particulars, Meal) Chinn Co. Agency Dept., 558 X, Liverpool.

ADOPTION.—HOMS W ANTES!) for healthy motherless BOY, seven years old. Nn pr emit= nor payment. References exchanged. Complete surrender, —WHlsfusw, Orpbansge, Arnside, Carnfnrth.

SCURRY SABKATCHHWAN.—The Farmer's Hldorado Money in wheat. Golden opportunities for enterprising men. Hunting (big-game), Fishing.—apply J. O. JENNE% Whitehall House, Charing Cross, Lorrion.

WANTED, In Rond Reeldenti&l Town, High-class Dairy Business, doing good trade milk, butter. With tea- rooms combined. M rut stand full investigation.—Box 5299, c/o Sisal:now & THATCHER, Holborn PI., London.

ONTARIO, th. Principal Province of Canada. Healthy climate ; fertile soil ; free education ; cheap farms, abounding prosperity. For pamphlets and information. apply, PETER BYRNE, Ontario Government Agent, 7, James at , Liverpool. WANTHD, Detached Country HOUSR about 20 miles (coin London, good country surronndings, garden, or land. Accommodation. 3 bedrooms, 2 reception, bath, and usual domestic offices. Rent £3O to £35, yearly tenancy.—Apply, Po/reform 3 Fox lane, Palmer's Green, London, N.

KNACKIOIIS I S.OKBR I f KNACKHRS ! I Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt re-noval on the shortest notice any distance np to 19 miles—JAmes Tooms A/ID Sorsa LTD., Manure Manu- facturers' Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

_ _ 3 [ANON ON SALE RRTURNISD FROM RIMS. PIANO, b,autlful Rosewood Case, ly Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautif al Walnut Case. by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by William Names. INTENDISO BUYERS SHOULD NOT MISS THERE BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTHD BY SELVES AND MAKERS. NOT¢ ADDR.EIS s VV ADSWORTR'S, RS. mARKBY ST-- WARRINGTON TELEPHONE 13-55 Y. JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

QOUTHALL'd PRIICMIBR THA. 3 lbs. 65., post paid.— O TEA STems, Stompoq, Woreeeteriblre. Sample Packet Fret..

IcTuliE POSTCLIRDS.-6 for 4d., 24 for Is. 6d., Id. cards; post free.—PINFOLD, 137, Lawrence rd., South Haling rd., south Baling, London.

A LL FISH. NO BONIIB.—We send ?lbs. best Filleted Smoked Haddocks, carriage paid, for 26. 6d. to any address. Send 10.0.—15. A. TWELLB & Co., Fish Curers, Grimsby.

1 RISK HAN 0 BeIBROIDBRBD GOODS.—Side-board 1 Covers. 1e.,1e. 6d., Is. 91. ; Tea Clothe, Is. 11d., 2s. lid.. 3s, 6d. ; Pillow Mips, 3e. 6d., 3s. 11d., 5.. a pair. Cash with order.—BESHITT, iveagh Chambers, Belfast.

6 114.NUNDA.'—An Aostrallan diacovery ; imparts to tha J. hair the warm reddish Unt so much admired. Post tree, 2s —Mrs. dEEKSB, Post stante, 111, High it,, Maidenhead,

EVBRY lady ahould read • How to Massage tne Face an Neck Correctly,' with recipes for creams, lotions, ; post free 2s. 6rI.—MADA.Me VERNON, Victoria Chambers, Martineau it.. Birmingbarn.

lIUMANITY v. Cruelty.—A wonderful Trap catches all ground animals alive. A model with information sent for le. to pay Carriage, postage'. AU weathers.—TALLEY, Phismia, Milford it., Salisbury.

IVOTTINGHAM LACBl.—Genulne Bargains in Torchons, .11 Vats., and elunys, suitable for all classes of trimmings. fiend for Is , 2s, or 3s. parcel, carriage paid.—STAIIT, 525, Bridiesmith Gate, Nottingham.

I WAWHISS. non-marrnetfl, 31. carriaae paid ; money returned if nut satisfactory ; understand every watch guaranteed.—LANCASHlSta ELEC- TRICAL Go., LTD., Ashton-under-Lyne.

MUOIC-i.OVNIt3' BA.llGeaff.—arand toned Violin; splendid Bow, extra set of strings, In look-up ease post free 18s. 64. ; money returned if not satisfactory.— HOYAN. LTD., 18 Queen's rd., London, P.W.

QTAMPS.-2O different, incinding Argentine Brazil , 10 Canada, Ceylca, Chill, Chinn, Cuba, India, Japan, Mexico, Philippines, Hassle, Ac. ; splendid packet, Is. ; 300,• Is. 6d.—C. DOUGLAS, Howland Terrace, Blavdon-on-Tyne.

QAVS DOCTORS BILLS.-01d-fashioned remedies best. 1.7 Unique assortment 36 Castor OP, Liver Pills, etc. Handy in emergency, saves money, prevents illness, with list, le. 6d. carriage paid.—Cacarrem bUNDRIICS, Craigydon, Llandudno. CIOSTtiIdIS SKIRTS, 75. Bd.—Carriage paid. Seven gore kJ overlaid seams, fifteen rows stitching at foot ; perma- nent ; Week or navy; all-wool Cheviot derg. Send waist and front skirt measures.— ELLIOTT & Co., 12. Dunbar at., Sunderland.

CURTAINS! CURTAINS !! BUY direct from the mershante, and save middlemen's profits ; beautiful Lane Curtains, 93 x 36 in., 2s. per pair, osrriage paid ; aplenOid value,—Address HALIFAX DRAPERY CO., n 6 blark,t Hall, Halifax. Yorkshire.

rip° sPORTINGi I NVRiTOßS.—riennlne inform.tion Starting Price Jobs Send 3s. di. D Wird ; 123 61 Weekly. Resu t and B.P. 0 any Race telegraphed Is. ; at Results and S.P. 211.—itYLIN AND REYNOLDS, 73 Hl4h at. Hornsev, N. Telephone No. 109, Hornaey. Telegraptal ddress, " Lupulln," London.

arll aLVANISHO Wlttli NETTING, beat English make, In Ai- 60-yard rolls. 3in. mesh x Vt.. 4a, ;Mt., 61. 3d. ; att., 7.. 2d. ; 6ft., re. 9d. ; 2m. mesh a 2it„ 6s. ; Mt., 6a. 9:1.; 4ft., 9.. ; Bft., 13s. 64.; lin. mesh x ; lit., Bs. 3d; 31t., lie. 90. Carriage paid on 675. 6d. lots.—Waute es Co., Netting specialists, 10 Manor Parade, Button, Surrey.

6 M RV/IR WRONG I '—send post-card for most remarkable 1 authentlcatei, world-wide corre.ponlenee ever pub- lished, testi(' frig to phenomenal timekeeping of LANGDIN, I Dayme& oo.'s 'Chronometer Lever' Watch (own make), together with scientific, illustrated description. It will save you pounds in repairs alone.—Bristol at, Birmingham. lAi UNBY MAKING.-11 ome made trade secrets. Sure .1 living for anyone who will work them. 9d. and 10c1. in the shilling profit easily made by either sex. Sall well anywhere ; either town, village or city. Used In every household and office. Sell well to Domestic Servants and Clerks and dhops of all description, the 6 for It. 60. ss. will give a good start. These recipes are worth 5 guineas. They have been specially selected from over 5,000 up-to-date Trade deorete. Full instructions given with every recelpe. I am adding a special recipe for the benefit of the public; Which is worth a Overdo to any householder. How to make 30b. of good White Soap for 91., and how to make Carbolic) and (limited Soaps for your own use or for sale; no outlay required to make It.—RoRMAT WOOD, 11, Victoria it., hrewsbury.

SPRCLeIL ()mill I —Barivitn, 18-et. Rolled Hold Tally-ho or Coach Horn Brooch and Scarf Pin. Guaranteed 10 years. 21. 6d. poet free —JACK 13108., Huatrtee Row. Soubtro'.

A LL the Materials for " Loping the opaee," Including 11 three Bicycles, Platform, tte.: formerly of Barnum and Bailey : for Ale, cheap. —apply JOHN' BEZERAFORD, High at., Xun,tall, Staffordshire.

I 11.11:CH OlGAliti.—Why don't you smoke our special mark EY 'The Prldeof King Hdwarcl ?' They cist £3 10s. par mills, postwe paid —VAN KRCEIERN WELLEJUS, 43, Schsrmlaan, Hott-rd4m, Holland.

TT costs you less than one farthing per week. Insure your K-ye and Life for 13 stamps to any address in Great Britain. Includes Train, Tramcar, Steamboat, Cycting, Inaurance.—Cestx, 55, West India Dock rd., London,

GRICAT BARGAINS l—oritaffordshire ()rockery to Country Folk. Dr2t from Brisket's ; 4 splendid sets, Dinner, Tea, Breakfast. Toilet. Packed. Free Jarriage paid, for 21e. send for Art Catalogue Fren.—T &SPOT BIOG. Co., Dept. X., Hanley, Staff,.

VISH AND CHIP SHOP 101TTIPI1S, Or Stops tedoom- 1. plete and business taught-, If pod want to make money have a Supper Bar, we hold the largest stook of fittings Ranges. Peelers Cutters, etc. List and particulars free.— MABBoTT.4", 71, Paradise it., Liverpool.

IRON MISSION itOOM, new, 60ft. by 25t. ; price delivered and ereoted, ENS ; Inspection Invited ; Iron Chureber, Chapels, Misslon-roome, Schools, Ito., best work. moderate prloes ; designs, estimates, free —ISAAC DIXON AND Co, Windsor I ron wor. s, Wisre-hi 11, Liverpool.

()VISNS OViIiNS I OVISCIS I 1 Bakers and Con- fectioners and Pork Butchers, we are in a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for Hat and full particulars.—MAßß=B.. 71, Paradise St., Liverpool.

RUBI3HR GOOD and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances ball usual prices ; valusble infor- mation and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples le., or ten tesorted 2e. 6d. (worth 6s.)—W. H. DOMAN & Co., Manufacturers, Robson rd.. West .lorwood. London.

eIiNKETH.—COTTAGES, 22. Bcl., 2e. 64., and 3e. 6d. per week. MILL &UET, OFFICESArouud floor. Also upper ro, me. SHOP, 3 ,PIRN6.Ri BRO 7ts 64 per. week. 16 , WELLFIELD STREET, rent, Sc. per week. 2 Storey WO WAREHOUSE, REGENT STREET, off Sankey Street. £l6 per veer. 50, (MOBLEY STREET, rent Ile. 6d. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Rotate 4gent,No. 1 Et.nk-etreet War Ington. Tetephnne—No 66.

rpo 1.81".—Good HOUITC, Derbs -street, rent 43. fid. AI COTTAaII, Beesvick-street. rent 33. 94. —Apply WOOD AND Sox. Solicitors, 56. liorsemarket-street. ,

WESTON-SUPUR-MARR, SOMBR3RT.—Shops to Let on the Grand Pier Weston-super-Blare. Vacancies for Toys, 61d. or Id. Bazaar, Photographer, CArtoonist.— Particulars, apply MANAIIIIEB.

RIBEIVI7OII%. ' Eczema Chilblains, Sores, Brui.oes. and all skin eilseates curedby using Or. Neale's ointenent. in boxes, 7d. and Is. post tree.—Address DEPOT, 120 Mount Pleasant, Redditob.

I\TO HOI4IB is complete without a box of Dr. Harden's 11 Health Pills, for Sick-headache, Indigestion, Palpitation, Constipltion, Wind, Dizziness, etc., sample free.— PAOPRISTOIIB, 26, Dowsett rd., Tottenham.

GGOOD MORNING, MADAMB. Anything wrong with your system ? Send Is. Id. for Schroder's Corrective Pills, ttey'll put you right. —SCHRODER & Co., Manufactur- ing Chemists, 146, Horton st.. London, N.

PIOIO9STA WARANTH,—a. perfect Skin Besotifier ; an absolutely novel and barmiess preparation ; undetect- able ; unaffected by water ; price 2e. 6d, per post.— AISARLITII. Gold Medallist, 10 Old Bond it., Lonslon.

ASHTON'S Luxuriant Toilet Cream, an invaluable remedy for preventing hair turning grey, pronantes growth and prevents hair falling out. Samples Md. arid Is. Ild• post free. --44 Northumberland Place. Bayswater, London, W.

DB. DAUQUIHR'S Dana Kidney Pills, Is. and 2s. 6d. a box ; Dr. D'Auquier's Special Ladies' Is. and 28. 6d. a box post free. Made Ulm] successful French formulas. —From Sole write, D'AugutEa RIC3fEDY 00, I,oannoa pt, Manchester.

ISHOY'S 0•01.1 T AND RHBUMATIO PILLS.—A POpnlar, Safe, and Certain Remedy, the outcome of 20 yeqrs' suffering and experiment. Sample box of 32 Mlia.7o post free. Numerous testimonials. —tlao. N. BtaROP, 21, Aynhoe rd., West Kensington, W. (Addison id. Station). 101iNb ?HICK aNIINTLY CURIAD.—The A.I.D. Corn Rxtractors will quickly cure the most obstinate corns, no matter of hr.. long ets.ndlng—vriil snoceed where all other remedies have failed. Thy not only glee instant relief, but kill the corn so tha i Dan he rooted out who,e. Cull directions sent ; 6 post free 7,1., 12 post free, Is. —From THE A.I D. Co., 13 Paternoster row, Lontoo, 8.0. Special rade prices to Hairaresserr, Chemists,

LATHST DISOUVRRY. QUFFKI3EII.. FHOM 60111'. RRUMAIISJ, and L 3 MAMMIES enrol permanently on a scientific balls never before offereA to the public. APPLY TO A. M., ROOM 36. 20, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON. W.O.

AM NOT A DC/CV/IL I AM NOT QUACK. I Don' Sell MDIOINW PILL%OINTMuN2, NOR ELECTRICAL APPLIANCHS. But if you suffer from Eczema (Wet, Dry, or Weeping), Bad Legs, Old Borer, Dirty IThave, Ringworm, or any kind of Skin Trouble, lend a stamped addressed envelope ta ALISX4eD-11. WATSON, JBWELLSB, Nos. 1, 15. EF, GRAINGER ARCADE. NEWCASTLE-UN-TYNE.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS 11l OUtsa ND S OP LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM ,DR, DAVIS'S FAMOUS FgmeLg PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLDWIDE REPUTATION AS A 1300 N 'lO WOMANKIND They are the beet known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loge Of Appetite,Hysterla,Palpftatlon of the Heart,Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Aliments. Box ee 914. Is. lid.. 2s. fd.4s. 6d. and its. DR. DaVls'd FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation. and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/, by post 3d. extra, 309 PeßrosELLo-RoAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W. (Only Address.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LINDTBD, 34 TO 40 LUDGATI3 RILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, HUSTON SQUARN. Hosts Comronrs, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET; CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUR FORT. Y FIS'S RESTAURANT (KEPI` BY oLD WARRINOToI PEOPLE.) 38, OFIAPRIA-sTREV. 113T114 ATM GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICIIC4 kn.. TESTIMoNIALS PROD, ALMOSP EVERY TowN 15 LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST 'air AFIGTsH 'AEI 1414 S OAURANI: IN TOWN.

CABBADIS LIITTUOIC Masterpiece." The best in cultivation, grows to an enormous size ; hearts white and solid. In sealed pacifets 7d. and Is. each —(last.tCit & Boa, Nurserymen and Reedsmsn, Plympton, Devon.

KNHIPEI RAY INSTITUTN, Naturopathv Sanatorium. 119, Bedford Hill, Eta'ham. S.W.—Visitors to London are advised to spend a plAasant homelike holiday at the above and while seeing the sights get rid of their Rheumatism, Stift Joints, &inhales, Constipation, Paralysis,lndigeatinn. etc. Methods employed—Massage. Turkish Baths, Rleetricity, Colour, Light, Magnetism, Herbs, and Pvscho Therapeutics, Charges, inclusive of brrd aad treatment, from 30s. to 3 guineas weekly.—Mr, and Hiss KARTinr, Proprietors. Under me iic4l supervision.

BULB 9.-100 Pheasant Eve Narcissus, large bulbs, ls. 31. ; 25 anemone. St. Brigid. is. ; 12 Canterbury bells, 6d. ; 12 foxgloves, 6d. ; the lot for 3e. 6d. • we gusrantee satisfac- Mon ; Catalogues of Perennials, lioses, Fruits free. —(l.. GIBSoN Sc Co., Leeming Bar. Bedale.

TTHSTRO SSP OS, Special off•tr. On receipt of Postal Order for One Shilling I will send post free one packet each Carrot, Cress. Mustard, Lettuce, spring Onion, Parsley, Radish, Parsnip or Turnip, together with six packets choice Plower Seeds Hardy Annuals and Free with each order. One packet largest flowered Hybrid Sweet Pea.—A. WoLexisa- ZIOLMIL, Nurseries. Littleoyer, Derby.

HOURS and SHOPS situated in the best parts of Harlestown. Will be sold in twos or threes to snit purchasers. No arrears of rent.—A. W. KENYON (Owner), Brighton Home. Busholme, Manchester.

rpo INVHSTONS.—Itquity of 48 substantially built well I. let weeklies. One Int or separately. Hest situation round Manchester. Near ears and atalion, Gross rental £9?2 7s. Price £2,3o3.—Apply J. SPARROW, Roles= House, Pallowileld, Ttlanohe.ier

VOR SALrs ON K OR TWO PHNIEHObiI Rtini JL DETACHED VILLA.B, Sant all terracotta bricks, siturdsed at Waverton. Three miles from Chester, Good Garden Ground planted with young fruit trees. five bed- rooms, Bath, Lavatory w.c., Hot and Odd Water. Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Back Kitchen, Pantry. Entrance Hall, 6 feet wide, Veatibule laid with kiloton Tile. floule Bay Windows. No ground or We! Rent. Et ignifieant View ; price £s')oo Raab. —BURLEY, Poplars. Rowton, Chester.

CANADA. ivyHAT IS £2O TO YOU ? INVEaT IT IN Land in rising Canadian Town. and what will retina you. For particulars apply to 1/Itsow. 37, Norfolk at, Strand. London.

SMALL AND SAtett 9/IND FOR PARTICULARS (ID. POST-CARD), OUNLIFFIO, RUSSIILL & CO., Est. 1888. 10 AND I. PLACE 134 LA BOURSE, PARIS.

-110110VINCIAL HOMES INVHSTMBNT (JO.' d (Manche-- 1 ter) purchase certificates entitled to advance for sale— paid about £6B. £l5O paid about En. £250 .. £35. £l5O „ £22. Apply M., 60, High at., Dingwall, N.B.

50 N.H.P. ROBEYS' WHO BOILER and ENGINE. Insured,l3oles., In splendid condition and can be seen working here; very cheap.—Go. H. Joitite, 74, Blackfriars-rd., Salford.

OFFICE FOR PATENTS, 4, ST. ANN'S SQUAB. MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES St SON, OfiAßTeußn PATENT AGENTS. BSTABLI.HED IN 1835. BBLF-HELp TO NEW PATENT LAW. Pam 6n. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LA.FFS. PRICE 16

LIOR SAW?, 13L&OK WitlbM, 5 yer oki, 15-3 hands I. also Brown Slate, 15-3 hands, 7 years ohl, Both are quiet in single and double-harness, eal pose all road nulsances.—Apply Pntonir, Winwlelr, near Warrington,

frIO GRIVELBNION, TKADBSSIBN. a,tl others.—Ormice of I. two very nine 00131 for Private Sale ; dark chestnut. Prince, 14 hands, 5 years ; Dolly, black mare, 6 years, 15.2; They have both splendid action, and very fast, quiet with all road nuisances, and sound. Prices En and £35,0r reasonable offer. One month's approval to responsible person. Two Sets Brass Harness, nearly new rubb,ir-tvred Gig and Governess Car.—Apply PROPRIETRE99, Laurel Villa, 70, Windsor rd.. Southport.

TISAMING and td EatCUFtIkOTU BUSINH3B. Advertiser, who has capital, desires position with a view to partnership, or would neaotiate for immediate partnership in established business ; 12 year.' experience as manager or trimmings and smalisrares taotory.—Apoly Hilier3o:l and SEDOwICK, Chartered Aceountsnte,3, et. Marv's-gate. Darby

TTCA.PITALIST+.—Istquired, SLRIIPING P Nit.ttT RR, with £7,500 Capital, fo- a well-known and ft anrishing BAW VID 'VOOL MANUFACTLT tING OGNIPANY, near RISISISCIIRID (Germany). producing high-c'ess Specialities in great demand at Immo and abroad. 7 PIM CHNT. IN7)41tB80 ftIANTI4O. Ample senorlty, up-to-date machinery. lIXORLLEINT RBFRIDINCRS. Personally. Inspeeted.—For t,ill particola,a •pply by let.-er to A, HOWARD it 00 , Financial Brokers,. 15, DRRONDA ROAD }MINIS HILL, LOND,iN, S..

MkTAREI;IBORNTIALIPRO leauablifsb&clifilbOaNif tßeLeintM„r&Pß•allrifill 6,0D0 marriages arrange,. Larger than all the Matrimonial Agencies in the world combined. Sealed envelope bd. with leirmlar 9d.--BDIToR (Rooms B. W.) 9 to 14 Trafalgar Buildings, Northumberland *Venue. London,W.C. Distance mmateriat.

GAR NE ITS ' NEW DEPARTMENT" to snit all classes. ;Call and look] through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S.

Cramtntr *tries THB WARRINGTON 86 MID-OFIRSHIRI9 is pnblished every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Pacigate, Lymm, &0., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in L0.1:104. shire and Cheshire. The district coveret by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in bquth Lance. shire and Mid-Cheshire. riIHE RUNCORN EXAMINBR, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. TBE WIDNES EXAMINRR. Pnblished every exturdav morning. Whines contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rpHE RAIL/WOWS' AND NRWTON BXAMINICR, 1 'published every Satnrday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Barlestown, Newton-Is- Willows, Golborne, Havdock, Lowton do. The district this co nprised is a most important part of the Lancashire O,ai fields Tins ST. HELENS EXAM trtnits. published every 1 Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley C-oss, &c.—the centre of the Great lOhemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. p REPAID A BVERTISESIE:NrS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO 55 SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCHLLANNOUS WANTS ARID:MRS FOUND. MISCHLLANHOUS SALEI One Three dist Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 15... Os. ed. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 91. ... le. 104. ... 38. Och ... ss. Od. 36 is. 04. ... 2s. ed. ... 4s. Od. Si. Od. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. CM. 7s. Od. 64 ... Is. 64. ... is. 84. ... Si, Od. 10s. Od.

'THE EXAMINEE. MARCH 7th, 1908.

Many women go through life always ailing, weak and unhappy. The languor and bloodlessness of girls and young women, with headaches and faintings ; the nervous ailments, back pains and failure of strength of wives and mothers; the trials of matrons in later years—at all these ages the CAUSE of ; suffering is usually IMPOVERISHED or IMPURE BLOOD. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have helped many more women to the joy of health, because these Pills supply New Good Blood to the starved veins and tired nerves; making weak women brightand WELL. An Instance: Mrs. A. Waterhouse, 74 Pearl St., Sheffield, states: "I often sat down and cried over my pitiable state, for anxiety had so affected my health that I could scarcely touch a morsel of food. My breath- ing was difficult. I felt utterly tired and worn out.;, yet at night could not sleep. I was tortured by stabbing pains in my chest and back, that made • me afraid to move. In time I became so nervous and irritable that I could not tolerate company. Every noise jarred on my nerves. • - "A friend advised me to take Dr. Williams' Pink ,Pills for Pale People ; I did and soon there was a great improvement in me. I felt brighter than for years past ; all bodily pains left me, and with a healthy appetite came restful sleep and renewed strength. I now enjoy the best of health." HELP FOR WEAK WORN WOMEN. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills give help to weak worn women by their wonderful power of making Rich, New Blood that strengthens all the vital organs. They have cured numerous cases of Anemia, Indigestion, Palpitations, Influenza's After-Effects, Nervous Disorders, Neuralgia and Women's Ills. as. 9d. a box, or 135. 9d. for six, post free, from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, :Holborn Viaduct, London ; sold also by most dealers--rbut firmly reject all substitutes for they are useless.

CHILDREN SLEEP WELL d when they are healthy and their food is doing its proper work. THE BEST FOOD IS Neave9s Food which for.more than So 'years has 11 helped to preserve and build up the young life of the Country. When prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and assimilated by the most delicate Infant and forms A COMPLETE DIET.

DR.: BAKER'S :BACKACHE PELLETS Area new remedy, whioh have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all cliseases'ofthe Kidneys, Sec. If you suffer, take one pellet hreejtimes a day, and watch the results. After a few doses tou will hare Forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain Backache,E&c. Write at once enclosing x e stamps forone box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO.. 63, NELSON.,SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E,

"ppm..- i i''' '''' 1 )—( ja,,,, ~,,,.., „,,„:„:, ....,....,_, „,,, r , .. ,f.i.,..., 4P' MILK jvvr °tate \ th(//, C 5 i ,S ',7'I(A.P c i ()I. .1 (.. "lit ..

.\\ - DODD'S \\ KIDNEY rl\ PILLS 4S sr; KIDNEI cold," hoct S D I Sse,Cf(- 'l4 1/'AI4_ ETES• 1:1109 I R THE Dons)", G' ;. 23, irminin LOII' • (41 a 'e et artz 01414ast CURES when all other Remedies fail • IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC MID SOON :CUM The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on th soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, y-u will Lever regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

CARK6BLOODIIXTURf

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the 13160 d from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its emits are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all 1.30..rts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL ;KIN & BLOOD DISEASES i Of all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per fiottie. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS,

FREE "vor-. ......

... TRADE TERMS TO FEW RIDERS . , In each district will, appiy Immediately. :4 0 Save I eaferS' Profits. Oteh or Ea-y Niro, tik L. t COVENTRY CYCLES from £3 10s. 1. w ... ~ :en: tel i; ton year.. Packed Free. Car. Paid. ,i ' Iv ri,c .E , kswe tor .4rl 0114410,y, and Nprri,.l opr. Mood Cycle Co.. Dept. 9oA. Liverpool.

; I INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF 1 RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by i GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. I EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! ' 1 A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS! ILNI.S. Leander, Davenport, November 30th, 1907. 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. Dear Sir.—During the past six months we have October Bth, 1900. had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you whilst hoisting in and out ocean tugs, copper punts of the great benefit I that have received from your and other small crafts, I contracted several chills . Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have been a great one after the other, which finally settled in my legs 1 sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of have recommended your pills to all I have come a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. i into contact with, and sh,dl always speak very I was placed on the sick list and given the usual I highly of them. lam naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN your advertisement, I determined to try your THE HOUSE. famous Gout Pills, and after taking a few doses You can make what use you like of this state- they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared ment, which is strictly true, and my legs are as strong as ever again. Yours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, Yours Respectfully, G. SWACKENHAMMER. Q.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate injurious matter, and are highly restorative. juriaus matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent old everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, Lndoon. EADE'S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILLS.

b FURNISH THE HOME WITH B ENsoN,s 66 EMPIRE EVERLASTING " _ _ ...__ ~ _ PLATE. \ „ ~...1....„__:,\ , ...„....„. ~ ~,_.„ "Empires " Plate is trebly ".-....--=_-_,-.: usimoirs • plated on the finest Nickel Silver. It .-vm--cr‘tvl • )). '.:;':i i can only be distinguished from Ster- i : i.i ling Silver by the absence of the Hall - % , )I:',/,,/,',/ i _ t. Mark, and excels in quality and value 'I- 'l. ' 'i: ( ' ' ':i 'I \ \ - ..' iSI :,. , all other makes of Electro-plated ware. I..'AjL•.' (( (,(( \ \,:‘ .'" ' .-- \ "Empires." rhln,tes is hand- 1 ~ , , ~,, ~,,, 1,,11111F11 I,Ve .Y•14,41k J t 11111, Cr some in appearance and an ornament to the table. It is true economy to buy " Empire " Plate, which retains its J.W .BINECINLV LUDGATE HILL. - original colour and appearance even . after many years of exceptionally , hard service. ' At the 1862 Exhibition " Empire " Cases and Canteens of Spoons and Forks, Plate was awarded Prize Medals for or Cutlery, &c., from £3:12. excellence of manufacture, and it still See Iltustrated Book No. 2, post free. - retains that pre -4.lillenee for :vggssteadrer:Ogimairt; gici>l ' ' .-.7",'...."1""".-'''''' '. ;Milt It frc ) ( • / o y Ik'l i-.' -=l;;q2' ilk, • " .--,- -,- A , L....p._:_L ..' OBTAINABLE .‘, by • , 4t. 'i • • A 415.:, ;*,;•P 757:;=.72:1P147,4•T ‘''lt.o , 7. ' ' ;`' .'' ~.. MONTHLYA . PAYMENTS „___ . .. ~ At Cash PriceS " ?,, '• : _ _;-_-_. : =:rf.": •'. A .„•• 'A, --:-on i. 3 V • . . '•:4. 'rre----';,,- •-•fi: .1 • ,4.,;,": -: - - : ILLUSTRATED No. I, of Watches, Chains, • _ ._ .. and Jewellery. THE "PORTLAND" SET. £8 the 3 pieces. BOOKS No. 2locks, of "Empire" Plate, C, Bags, and Silver Many other Designs are given in Illustrated Book F R E E . Articles for Presents. i No. 2, post free. Mention this Paper. Jo Wo BENSITN ltl., 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

Familiar Quotations pregnant with meaning are being handed down from one generation to another. Many examples might be quoted, and their applicability to the . subject of health noted. For example, "Forewarned is forearmed." Directly symptoms of a disordered Stomach appear, that is "the warning," and all the "arming" that is necessary is a box of BEECHAM'S PILLS. , "A stitch in time saves nine." BEECHAM'S PILLS will quickly arrest any disposition to Stomach, Liver, or Kidney trouble. Worth a Guinea a Box" This is another familiar quotation but applying specially to BEECHAM'S PILLS. These enjoy a popularity that can be claimed by no other preparation: and the last named expression has become proverbial because thousands of people all over the world have benefitted by the • • - use of the medicine to which it refers. For really buoyant health—free- 41 dom from ache or pain—a system attuned alike to work or pleasure—take itEECIIAM9 S PILLS . .

MERRY WEATRER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets: Merrywenther & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYSASTARCH GLOSS No More SOFT LINEN (when Starched / Used in the Royal Laundries.g • 16 Should be tised in every house. kil ONCE TRIED, 0./ ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN • .r .. 411rP LIKE NEW. "" The greatest boon ever offered to the Lauodre” for Imparting an Ivory Finish to starched Linen. Laces, etc. It does not stick to spider-web like materials. Sold by Grocer*, Chemists. Stores, etc .?" . in packets at Id., 3d., and 6d. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, CH ttsi 1,-..T BLACKBURN.

HoopING-COUGH CROUP IThe Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal:Nledi cm n e ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found veryefficacious in cases of. BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM Price 49. per Bottle, of all Chemists. W. EDWARDS & SON, T 57, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng

DOES PROTECTION "PROTECT ?" THE FAILURE OF TARIFF REFORM IN PRACTICE. By L. G. Chiozza Money, M.P.

it secures him access to the cheapest and best materials. It is the true " Protection " of the con- sumer, because it secures him access to the cheapest and best commodities.
