===== 0002601_19081024_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
E SIORIAL EERVICE

FOR TRH LATE RSV J. CALVBET.

PRELCSEA, 10.30 AND 6.30 :

REV. J. 13. EIIGLASE.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. THE ANNUAL SALII OF WORK WILL TIXE PLACE IN THE SCHOOLROOM, ON WRDNIISDAY, OCIOBRII 28nr, AT THREE P.M., To BE OPENED BY WILLIANI LONG-. 139 Q., J.P., ilirD ON THURSDAY, OCTOBVIR 29TR, AT THREE P.M. To BE OPENED BY REV. JOHN YONG& _ Stalls for the Sale of Refreshments, Flowers,Dalry Produce, !lain and Fancy Goods, Dry Goods and Miscellaneous tides. Tea and Supper Room. ADMISSION FREE.

EMMA L CHURCH, BOLD STET, WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL BALE OF WORK WILL (D.C.) RE HELD IN THE „ CHURCH INSTITUTII, KNUTSFORD ROAD. WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY, AND FRIDAY NEXT. OCTOBER 28TH, 29TH, Assn 30TH. 1908. THE SALE WILL DE OPENED ON WEDISESDAY. AT 3 PM. THURSDAY AT 3 P.M. FRIDAY, AT 6 P.M. NUMBER OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL ARTICLES WILL BE OFFERED FOR SALE. s' FISHPOND," MUSICAL ITEMS SG OTHER ATTRACTIONS. p. ; ADMISSION I—First Day 6d. ; Second Day 6d. till 6 p.m, atter.m 3d' Third Day 3d.; Seasos Tickets ls.

I/OLD STREET WESLEYAN METHODIS' CHURCH, WARRINGTON, HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES ON SUNDAY, OJTOBER 25rn. Tar: R3V, T. GALLAND HARTLEY (CaAult/0i 07 THE DISTRICT), WILL PREACH. Morning, 10.30; livening, 6.30. SPECIAL ANTHEMS BY THE CHOIR. OFFERTORY IN AID OF 0141JRCH FUND.?.

POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST., tCHOOL TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY) AT 7.30. t ART 19779 : Misses HEWITT AND ARMSTRONG.Messre. tADICLAND AND!. CLAYTON. Mr. W. PARKINSON'S is•'3III)IATOGRAPH, with special display of Living '.ietnres. ADMISSION ONE PENNY, GALLERY TWOPENCE.

WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

- ANNUAL TEA MEETING ix THE Do-oPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY STREET, MONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 26ra,

To BE FOLLOWED BY A

IaRIND CONCIMT AND LINLEILIGHT LUCTURB,

Br IH3. 0. IL ALnamaE, OF BUXTON. Crwro.t.t.N : A. H. CROSFIELD, ESQ., MP. TEA 5.30. TIOERTS F3ll TEI AND ENTERTAINUENT, 9D. ..,10 be hal from the Liberal Club, Members of the '("Xlmittee and the Hon. Secretary, MRS. EDMUND OSBORNH, Padgate.

tf. AR R HALL, WARRINGTON. OCTOBER 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, AND 31, 1903. A SIX DAYS' GRAND FLORAL EXHIBITION n SALE OF BEAUTIFUL ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS, MAD, BY BLIND AND CRIPPLED GIRLS. ...IA Connection with ths late 7th Earl of Shaftesbury 'a Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission. 03 UC) RE OPENED BY THE MAYORESS XONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 26TH, NCB, AT 3 P.M., I.7leLiR THE PRESITENCY OF HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR (ALDERMAN 3. SMETHURST, 3.13.) Su I._ DPor.,ed by the Clergy and Local Ministers an ` d ',lUential Ladies and Gentlemen. _A Contingent of the Afflicted Odds will be at work each Afternoon and Evening making Various kinds of flowers. ADMISSION FREE. No PAPER FLOWERS. ()Fax EACH FoLLOWING DAY PROM 11 A.M. TO 9.30 P.M. REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE PRICES. MUSIC EACH AFTERNOON AND EVENING. ALFRED TROUGHTON, Manager. .....__LPerr Hail, Warrington.

ROYAL COUKT- THEATRE, WARRINGTON

MONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 25nr, 1933, AND )DURING THE WEER, MISS EMMA. HUTCHISON AND MR. PERCY HUTCHISON'S COMPANY tan:0101:4 SUCCEn (BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH SIR CHARLES WYNDHAM)

MRS pONDERBITRY'S PAST,

BY SIB FRANCIS BUR:IARD,

PRZCEDED BT I ONE-ACT CJMEDT,

.

" HIS LANDLADY." TIIIE AND PAIC3S AS triUAL.

LOCAL GOVHRNaHNT BO,LIO, SIISSION. 1909.

IJUOJI V a . 11.. V., Op CODNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. LICATION FOIL PROVISIONAL mom FOR COMPULSORY PURCHASE OF LANDS FOR THE IiPOSEs OF STREET WIDENINGS UNDER rOOTION 176 CF THE PUBLIC, HEALTH ACT 1870. ' TICE IS lIKRERY GIVEN THAT APPLICA- to TION 13 INTENDED TO BR MADE TO THE aiat?ttli GOVERNMENT BOARD by the Mayor, aldermen l'et,rurgesees of the County Borough of Warrington (herein Isitd red to as •• the Corporation ") for a Provisional Ordar l'hbieir end subject to the provisions of Eect`ou 176 of the lh f e Health Act 1375 to authorise the Corporation to put t„b,"ree the power; of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to ktbterehase and taking of lands otherwise than by Agree- troi, With reference to the foliowing houses, lands and L`k,74 an i to t,ke the same accordingly that is to say : . Osart,"'S AND PREMISES on the South aide of Butter- -1 ta.street from Market Gate to and Including No. 48. .: kitek'US AND PREMISES on the North side of Butter- 4. Let-street from Market Gate to and Including No. 7. hee,Nsp.B AND PRICAISBB on the Bast side of Bridge-street 4, tket Gale to and including No. 13. __ strett"PB AND PREMISES on the East side of Horsemarket- JC*l7l Market Gate to and including No. 10. . 'ark ••ii AND PREMISES on the West aide of Horse- ^ 14-street from Market Gate to and including N 0.5. Mtett ,liS AND PBBMIBBS on the Nortb side of Sankey- , Lgiq'„toivi Market Gate to and including No. 14. AND PRIiMISES on the East side of i Corporation- ng qet- '0 and • l di property on the koutti side of Inc u , .ti n de , . stiseVbich lard, are in the County Borough of Warrington Ott, the County Palatine of Lancaster. t"ld lends alone described contain by admeasurernent in,141.11,re yards or thereabouts and are required by the n for the purposes of street wideninge and the ttottlen of a nay/ street 20 ft. wide at the rear of the t 4,l2obarket St., and other works. ,Ile 4210T10E IS HEREBY GIVEN that a plan shoving refo 110 proposed to be taken, and the works Incidental Iheit°l9 be seen at all reasonable hours at the offices 1/41.2ssn Clerk, Town Hail, Warrington. 'q this 17th day of October, INS. town .... J. LYON WHITTLE, ' Man, Warrington. Town Clerk.

OSTIIICLI BATHERS, osTRICti. FEATI-mns. Direct from African Ostrich Farms, curled and dressed ready for wear. TWO LOVELY WHITE Ostrich Feathers (average length 16 inches), 61. 6d. two. BEIXTIFUL full-sized white'Ostrich FeatheC(stuck fibre, average length 20 Inches). 6.. 6d. ; two 12s. EXUEETIONALLY BEAUTIFUL very long and thick fibre white Ostrich Feather,los. 134.,tw0 20s. Any other colour It desired. Packed in cylinder and rent post free to any address. Money returned If unapproved. Send cheque or P. o THE XL OSTRICH FEATHER 00,445, STRAND,LoIenoF,W.O

Vartnersbins, 3Susinessses.

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business ?-1I eo,conault Mr. COWDELG, Business Agent. Legh at.. Warrington.

BIiSINHSS WANTED, Pas ly learnt. Milk, Coal or Poultry Farm preferred.—Write REDMAN, 8 Exchlnge it., Manchester.

FRUITHLIMI'S and GRIMNGROCISIC3 Balinese for Sale; thoroughly genuine.—Partleulara from A., no Mr. W ilmore, Stationer, 13, Lower Addiscombe E. Croy cl on

TO BUY OR SELL a gennlne business consult TROIS' & 1_ CO., 10, Cardigan it.. Seedley, Manchester. LIIIIIBX-Gib °OBEY.— Genuine concern, trade proved ; rent 9s. Eid. and rates ; grand living; £26 only. OFF-LICHNSI3.—Trade £lO weekly; only £lOO. lIIGLI-CLASS STATIONERY. Market-street, trade £450 yearly ; well-established ; rent £4O ; only £l5O. ['IMP AND F 1511.-21 profit weekly after living rent 71.6 d clear ; 3 bedrooms ; £4O everything, A fortune. MIXED BUSINESS ; sure living; grand house; trade proved. Only £4O as It stands. SMELL MIXED SHOP, accept £l2 all. Rent 6s. 9d. ' Mi XISD BUSINESS ; busy shop; rent Se. ; £35 all. TONING ROOMS ; doing well ; room for 12 lodgers ; large home ; rent only 10s. ; will accept £3O.—UROW * CO.. 10, Oaraigan it., beedley, Manchester.

iflantHerg, etc

20 GO ENGINES, from hall H.P. to 25 11. P. ; all guaranteect.—WnlTEHElD I.ND CO.. Engineers, Dukinfleld.

POSTER PRINTING. PROMPTITUDE IN DELIVERY AXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

it)onses anb /anti on Oak.

MAI4OHBSTIIR RD.—On Sale, roomy semi-villa, 2 entertaining, 4 bedrooms. bath &e., garden.— Address. CRITCHLEY, 282, Manchester rd.. Warrington.

QcapoL FOR OIRLF, Glanavon, Boughton, Chester. KJ Vacancy for one little girl as weekly boarder, as com- panion to another.— For terms &e., apply PRINCIPAL.

Itottio, pparos, toartimq eaato.

RAMSEY .11YDRO, ISLB OF MAN—heal svinter residence ; extensive grounds, golf, billiards ; brine and otber baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

Rpartmcnts, jurnisbrb 31/ottOts,&t

A CCM:CHUB:it'd or aYAgnatitirS. would give-every .r% attention, nioderate.—Nunsa 7.1,218URY. Roberti rd., Poigeadown, Boornemonth.

DLACK POOL (NORTH).—Coreortable clean APART- Ll Al WITS, tacingaPa ; bath; winter term3.—CIMPBELL, 9, Holmfield rd.

BIACKPOOL—Best and most reatonabie aooommodation a Mn. MosELEIre, 96, Albert rd., near Central Station and Promenade; pnbllJ or private APARTitIiNTS. Piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Vomfortftble APARTMBNTS, near sea South Shore Stations ani ears ; terms moderste.—Mr, BAILEY, 3, WWl,ley rd., Smith Shore. Lytham rd., Blackpool

Ti OLYHEAD.—Houte or APARTMENTS Healthy. Floe _EL view of Bay and Count ; Private Terms Moderate. Dame. Penrboa Beach.

I LANDUDNO and It ORTH WALES 00A8I.—For LI Furnished and Unfurnished Houses apply M. HUE, Hstste Agent ar d Auctioneer, Llan e. udno.

r ONDON, W.—Convent Ent everywhere, nice roao, private Ii houP.e, very moderate charges.—CHEMlST, 99, Notting Hill Gate.

ONDON.—Facing Exhibition, tedroom and breakfast 36. Ed. time sifflitlVlroo.lll. WALTON HOUSE. 45, Shep- herds Bush Green. Phone 285. Hammersmith. Open 8 a.m.

URSE.—Private home for Maternity an Invalid.; 11 pleasantly situated ; modera:e terms.-3, OARLTJN &Timm Hal Hill, Blackpool.

SILVRRDALH, CAtiNFOßTH.—Winter health retort, hlably recommend." by medical faculty ; Etperfor APARTMBNTS or Board liesidenoe.—Apply HunsoN,linowe Lodge. Private ground?, stabling, garage, golf links, eta; hounds.

MONEY LENT DAILY, .C 5 To .£l,OOO Full particulars given on application. LOAN £5 RISPAY2S 12 6 I £2O REPAY £22 10 LOAN £IO,REIPAY £ll 5 I £3O REPAY £33 15 W. JACKSON, 36 CROSFIELD BT., WARRINGTON.

NO FRES ! NO FINES ! NO PUBLICI ! _O3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY, in 04., STRICTEST PRIVACY to all' respectable Householders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit. without sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promissory sa3te only," at reasonable Interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo at., Sankey at., Warrington ; also at 12, Greenwood at., Altrincham. Head Office, 329, Waterloo rd., Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

TO £5,000 LENT DAILY 06,0 Lowssr INTRIIRST IN ENGLAND. £5 loan, Repay Is. weekly. £25 loan, Rep ty 103. weekly £lO „ „ 4a. „ £3O „ „ Ps.„ £l5 „ „ 65. „ £5O „ „ 20e. „ £2O „ „ 85. „ £lOO „ „ 355. „ No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attentioni ;applicants from this district.

METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK Sr.. OXFORD RD., bIANCRESTRR and at 19, WITTON Si., (over Bralbley'a Clothing Shop), NORTHWICH, 65 EDLRSTON RD. (corner of Cumin St.), CREWE, 8, TRRNTHAIYE ST., RUNCORN.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWHATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE DARTIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOWRATB OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHBD INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEITTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative will call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or planes of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely kmwn and my reputation stands unrivalled.

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. hle Householders, on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. K. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, wIDNEIS. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN B. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may -receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

£3 TO ANY PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CREDIT t£l,ooo cut have money on note of hand only ON TERMS at this well-known established Office.

We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan without the usual loan Office COMPETITION. routine and without fees. Our Motto ii straightforward Lancashire dealings. Lo.ne can be paid fl 3 follows or otherwise. £3 loan is. weekly £lO ban 25. 6d. weekly £5 „ le. 6d. ~ £2O ~ Sc. 1. £7 2, 21. $1 £5O , 12e. 6d. „ The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Raistlng loans paid off and increased. Call or write MAURICE A Co., Miss C. COTTERILL (MIELGEBEaS). 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS-

2, T riASII ADVANCED PRIVATELY on day of application at a lower rate of interest and repayment than any other 011113 e In town, and at the following easy repayments •. E 5 Loan li. 64. Weekly £2O Loan 5l. Od. Weekly £lO Loan 3j. Od. Weekly I £sfl Loan 13s. 6.1. Weekly THIS IS GSNUINII

Larger sums in s-aitie-p7r-op7;ritan..--6t.her terms can be mutually arranged. Special terms to farmers and shop keepers. Distance no nject. Apply in contilence personally, or by letter, to the Actual Lender. I. LORD, 2, THUMB STEIRST, off Parker street (near Bank Quay Station), WARRIIMTON,

'!

; t a P. a 4 A t. IL . ,—, .

===== 0002601_19081024_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
3nvotirtents, &barts,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Muratton.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Of tb ital

pILBS. —I ( ffer remedy, which gave me instant relief, for Is. 3 12 Denton rd.. Hern.ev.

PDIME COD LIVER OIL BldULSlosl.—Large bottle, le. —Enevann. 5, Baker it., London, W.C.

POOTRACIIII CURED, or money returned. Send 7d & Co., Gell et., Sheffield.

ECZEMA.—CertAtn Cure, box, b., post tree. —PHOFEMOR CAMEBON-CORB RT, 85, Les rd., Kidderminster.

D 130IPli for Making Best Pill in the World. Is. 6d.— IL Stamped envelope.—KHOTT, klettlebam, Lincoln.

SEGGS, Corm, Hardbeels ; 'Surese" gives comfort ; le. Id. freP —fro,orrbre & Co., 55. Mftrket et . Mnohstr.

CLOUT, Rheumatism, .to. Why suffer. Advice free.— VA Write CHRISTIE, 68, Pa'shull rd., London, N.W.

460 UIPH to HEALTH.' —Free copy, send stamp for \Jr postage.—Hsmoins. 460. Holloway rd , London.

IRLCULOUS Rheumatic Cure.—Recipe for inexpenelve i./1 preparation la.—WM, Co ,1;,5 High Holb3rn,L)ndon

QPLENDID for ECZHMLI. Irritattsy" Otattrint, Instantly LI stops Irritation,l6.lo.-ICIRKer, Chemlet,Belmont Snrrey.

TAPEWORMS expelled In few hoaro.—Part'mien', testi- rnonlals free.—HiGsoN, Box 100, Matlock at,Nottliagham

PIRH NTS of cblideen eerionely injurel by vaccination, please communicate with W. J. Fuussivar., 18„Granville Terrace, stone, Steffs.

IDRRVIINTION IS BSTIBR THAIS MMES.—Send 2s. f3r reliable specific to prevent certain diseases. —A. JOIINS3IS, 20 St. Albans et., Weymouth.

T F RUBBING eases pain. rubbing with Familr Liniment -L will cure it; rrice inclidlo pmtage, 13.—bLacDoNALD GRVEN & Sox, Button-at-Hone, Kent.

THE MOVE-IT RHEUMATIC RlNG.—Cash 4.. 6d., or Ir. week for 5 weeks.—From CiPENCE, Manufacturer Surgical Appliance.. Ilkeston, Nottingham.

I 3 HBOMATISII3.—TaI,e ' Rheumalettes ' for prompt relief t from all forms. 31 tablets for s. 9d.— Dunk's' WI,I3QTER, 64, Red Lion st., Holborn. London.

1451TLISAIADT blind for five ytars c‘n now see to read anything, cured himself ; will tend particulars 0 remedy free to all eye suffarers —Leaciarr, Elm, Wisbecb.

nEAFNBBS, NOISHB. BUNNING BARS, cured by Wright's Batallne. Bottles, Is. Id. post free. Twenty years' reputatlon.—bola proprietor, IiESDERBOI(, Chemist Wisbey, Bradford. •

GOUT and RHISUMATISSI.—Life-long sufferer will send supply ef medicine which gave him enormous relief. Bend Postal Order 21. 6L—Address Bizorus, e/0 Russell, 32, Klan it., lit reford.

lONSUMPTION and Che‘t Dleeasse.—Adelde on all sub- jeete. Homes and treatments recommended. Enclose 64. with all Ptters requiring reply. No other tees.—dAlthi WlTeobr. 13, Paternoster Row, Londcn.

vYi HOOFING COUG it cured at tut by •• WbOOPI4e," 4 physician's remedy tired by him in his practice for the last 5 years with unfailing success. gluier, safe and certain. Post free Is. 10d. from GARB, Chemist., Worm inton.

SQ TI3ILILIII NlAlitllAGP.—lts causes and curative treat, went. By a late renlor Phyeirlen to a Hoepßat for Women. A LIEW eiltion jut pub'i@hed Pobt tree 3e. 9d.—SIPLLEY & Co.. LTD., 3i GI ac,?.ehnrch. et. London

"DILICS Cured easay, palnletsly, perfectly. I event over .1. £2OO on specialists, ac., who failed to cure ttis terrible complaint. Quite by accident. I diac3vered an eibmilute cure and have enjoyed perfect health ever since. I will send full particulars to any sufferer for ls. P.O. and. stamped addressed envelop..—Address 11. ED WARD?. Btalford House, south Farnborough, Hants.

A HIGH STANDARD OF LETTERPRESS PRINTING

IS CONSTANTLY MAINTAINED AT THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

,

. --

===== 0002601_19081024_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, October 24, 1908

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

A HIDDEN SIN.

"I'll have to get the banknote, changed some. where, though.' "Yes, I forgot that. Here's some silver, and keep the note until you're far away from here."

===== 0002601_19081024_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
7: • , ":" Ni' • ;:t • 3•.: • 3 "al cr *— • • s. „ AR%

The Best Cocoa

in the World.

is found on the Breakfast, Lunch, and Supper tables of all the world.

Delicious—Nourishing—Refreshing.

BY MIS. E. BAGOT HARTE, Anther of "A Daring Spirit," "Bianca," "Another Man's Wife," "Falsely Con. damned," &c.

"All right. I'll oblige you by walking over to Altonbrook, once I've had a glass of beer. Good-night." But the last-word was not echoed by Anthony. He- was walking fast ' now, putting distance quickly between himself and the brother he hated and despised. He knew that at an end , for ever would be his life's happiness should "Engaged—are they ? " _ his existence become known in the parish. To John, in a bitter voice, be the personification of all that was good, up- " Yes, I have seen it coming for months. right, and honourable in the eyes of his parrs's- Have not you ? " remarked James Loftus. loners was the one aim of the rector's life. "No, lam constitutionally blind in those And, moreover, he had won the love of the matters." woman whose beauty, goodness, advice, and "I thought everyone was interested in watch help had been the leading star of his life, ing Cupid at work. ' since the first day of his arrival at Dalmine "I don't like Musggove. He's too good. I ster. Now,' at last, he was engaged to her; prefer a man with a bit of the devil in him." yet he lacked the courage to tell her that "That's all very well, when the man does Robert lived, and was the curse of his life. not happen to be a clergyman. For my part; "This is an awful blow !" he exclaimed to I think Musgrove is a good chap, and Irene -himself-more than once, as he strode home. Thorpe a lucky girl." 1 "I only wish I had the pluck to 411 Irene— " She's awfully pretty." but I haven't! I'm a fool in all that concerns, "A pity her pater and meter are so ob- her. How on earth shall I get the thousand jectiOnably keen about cash," said Loftus. by next week? Raise it somehow, I must. "Which is Musgrove's strong point in their Have that fellow living here I can't! And to eyes," sneeringly replied Alec.- think, that an hour ago I was idiot enough to "All the world knows that. If he were poor, believe that a free-from-care life lay before they would call him a mean fortune-hunter; me! Old Frankland saw him; that was 'pito being rich, they Call him angel." evident. And he's a very loquacious old man. "That's the case with the •opinion of _half It will be all over the village to-morrow that the world. Good-night. I'm off." And acting he met me to-night talking to a strange corn- up to this determination, Alec St. John panion." • . sauntered towards the hostessi and shook _ ___ hands. Already the Rev. Anthony Musgrove, the hero of the evening, was in the hall, preparing to leave. _ "Going my sity, St. John ? " he asked. "No, I am calling at the Thisletons on my way home. Good-night." . The churlish manner in which that " good- night " was spoken was the one unpleasant in- cident of the rector's triumphant evening. But the man who knows that he holds the world's good opinion is always forgiving, and the next second it had passed from his mind. ' A few minutes later, and he was walking briskly away. Soon the rectory lights stood out with welcoming brightness against the darkness of a stormy night. Now he was entering a narrow road, 'between high banks, crowned with trees. It was the last part of his walk home. Every 'yard of the distance was known ' to him; therefore there was no need to slacken his - speed, even on this dark night. Without hesitation he proceeded at a good pace. Suddenly a quick movement close at hand Zam-Buk made history in the district of St. Philips, startled him. Bristol, recently; when that place was visited by a He stood still and listened. perfect plague of eczema. Dozens of children were "Who is there?" be asked, sharply. Your brother Robert," was the answer. sent home from schcois daily, and scarcely a family ," : Where have you come from?" g in the distiict muld claim to have had complete London. I have been out of prison just .a freedom from the disease. During this epidemic week." Zsm-Bck achieved remarkable success. The case of 1 "How dare you come here?" Mrs. Thomas, whose ten children were cured, is "Why should I not? I have more right here ,selected as a striking example of Zam-Buk's sterlig than most people, considering that the rector is value. The names of the children are William (aged my brother." 20), May (18), Albert (17), Alfred (IC), Lavinia (15),1 "What do you want?" George (13), Ernest (11), Arthur (10), Alice (8), and "Cash. I'm penniless • absolutely without a Gladys (O. i farthing in my pocket. ?You're in luck; so put To a local repoi ter, who was making an indc- your Christianity to some practical use, and pendent and thorough investigation into the Tacts,llfrs, hand me a good sum." Thomas, who lives at 1, Albany Place, St. PhiLps, I "I can't! I won't! You are a disgrace to the Bristol, said :.-"I have ten children ranging in age family—an idle, loafing scoundrel.' from six to twenty. Alfred was the first to be . "Cut those remarks short! I have so often attacked. The eczema started in the form of a very heard them before, that they fail to make the " thick, rash allover his face and head. The sores were slightest impression. continually breaking out and were exceedingly painful I "Why cannot you lead a respectable life? I took him to the Infirmary and Dispensary, where he What was this-last infpyisonment for?" was given some lotion which did him no good. 1 "Hiring a bicycle and forg6tting to return " I exercised the greatest care, to prevent the it. But about a loan?" disease speeding, but one child after another was i "A ' loan '!" I attacked 17y the awful itching disease until my house "Then call it a present. I don't mind what YOU call it." was a veritable hospital and a home of Cries and ,- . " I will spare you a hundred pounds if you inisery. ' will leave England at once." " The younger children were compelled to stay j "A 'hundred,' " with a laugh Robert se- away from school. George age 13, used to faint peated the word "hundred." "Say one thou. away with the pain, and the younger ones were almost sand, and perhaps I may oblige you; otherwise , continually crying because they suffered so, and I must remain in this neighbourhood, and shall could get no sleep. fI make a point of being present at your wedding. ' "All the ointments I Wed were powerless- even to . I heard it said in the village that you're en- check the spread of the epidemic, and I believe that ' gaged. That reminds Me, why should I not be , the children world still have been sufferiog if it had . your best man? Capital idea, that ! " Again he not been a lucky circumstance that led us to try laughed, and his was a laugh to shudder at— I Zam-Buk hollow, grating, bitter. • I "Gladys met with a very sedges accident by falling I "A thousand is an impossibility. I have the I in front of the fire and burning herself very badly. handling of the interest alone, and that is cnly I For this I bought a hcx of Zam-Buk, and before the fifteen hundred a year—" - I week was out,Zam-Buk had completely healed Gladys' "And a house, and three hundred a year I skin. We were so delighted that we tried Zara-Buk stipend." , I for the eczema on all the children, for I now memo •It it--mridsteessi to ask for a thousand out of bered having lead a its success as a cure for this that." disease. The result was just as remarkable. One by "All right; then I'll stay here." . But I ill ! " one the disfiguring and painful sores were healed, an'd "You can't w ! if I choose to, you can't send _ (hr di:sca 4 B se driven completely away fro% each child. me away. Now that I'm out of prison L can "The news of these wonderful Zam-Buk cures was go where I like, and live where I like. I shall quickly spread about, and I know from many ether, get a hay-making job at one of the farms, and cases an this district Zam-Buk did a great deal to I remain as long as I choose." • stamp out the local epidemic." I "It will ruin me." ' , This achievement of Zam-Buk in the St. Philip's - ' "Then pay up!" district- of Bristol where, according to the evidence, a / " I cannot. You're a scoundrel to come tore terrible epidemic was stamped cut by its aid, is a blackmailing me like this." rerformasce not to be equalled by any ether medicine- It was in is frantic voice. 1 "Anyhow—" " Hush ! hush!" Anthony exclaimed, sharply, SHOPBREAKER CAUGHT AT , for at that very moment footsteps were heard WARRINGTON. i approaching. - 1 neither spoke. Both stepped back nearer . Ito the bank. To the young rector -the nec.es- - —..... I sity of not being recoenised was vividly pre- - At, the Warrington Borough Police Court on Tuesday, ' sent. So far darkness lad hidden his brother 1 William Tonikinson, a weighing clerkgesiding in M ilneo• from his view ; to disreputable-looking montal was but he more than suspected street., was brought up after a remand of three days to that a most answer the charge of breaking and entering the lock-up ..i ' s near relation of his. I shop of Messrs. Eckersly, chcniists, -15, Green-street. , early on Saturday morning last. Fredelick Eckersley I Nearer came the footsteps. Now they were residing at 32 Hood-lane,and carrying on business with growing slightly hesitating, slightly suggestive his nether at is, Green-street, stated tEat he locked the of nervousness. The cessation of conversation shop up at 9.40 p.m. He was informed the next morn- was evidently noted, and the ?false thereof clues- big that the premises had been broken into during the tioned. night. Ile went with P.C. Nevrey to the shop and At that very moment •there was a rent in the found that nothing had teen disturbed. clouds, and the moon's rays shone forth, illumin- P.C.Newey said he was on duty in Green-street about 12.20 on Saturday morning in plain clothes, and saw the , ing all with its silvery brightnss. b Anthony knew that all further, attempt at prisoner coming from the direction of Lovely-lane. ' his presence was folly—worse it Witness concealed birceelf in a entry and watched the concealing.. P . . .. , . might strike the keynote or ugly suspicion in prisoner. He saw him try two different shop doors and be then came end tried tte shop door of Thomas Astill, the mind of the men slow approaching. Argu- confectioner, of 34, Green-street. Witnets was about ing thus to himself, ha walked boldly for- -5 yards from the prisoner. Prisoner then went up ward, straight towards the man, hoping that Green-street in the direction of Lovely-hare and turned Robert' would not follow. But the latter was into the doorway of Mr. Rottenly, Green-street. incapable of handling the situation diplo- Witness got in the dcorway of No. 42, matically, and lie followed closely. His aim and heard the prisoner unlock the door, not yet attained he would not allow h!s Witness followed the priioner into the doorway, but brother to escane he said to himself. when the prisoner saw witness Le slammed the door to "Why, it's s ' you, sir! to, Well, bless my heart, and fell on the floor. Knowing that another policeman . " was in the vicinity witness blew his whistle. Prisoner you did give me a bit of a turn just now, ex- then unlocked the door and came outside. Witness claimed the man' who had disturbed the ion- asked him what he had been doing there, and prisoner versation, coming to a standstill in front of ' replied, "It's alright, it's a fair cop? Prisoner had a Anthony, and at the sagee time eyeing Robert skeleton ley (produced) in his band. Witness secured with astonishment. the door with the same hey and took the prisoner to the "It is fortunate that the moon came out Police Station. lie found a lunch of 12 heys in and allowed you to see who I was," replied prisoner's rossession. Ile informed Mr. Frederick the former. Eckereley of what had taken place, and they both went e‘ Yes Or I'd not have liked passing, al- to the shop and found that nothing had been disturbed. ' though 'e, .i. m not nervous generally," replied Witness added that he was watching pi ironer for about a quarter of an hour. The other two doors he tried Frankland. were-Nos. 32 and 40 Green-street. I He was on•s of Anthony's oldest pnrishi- In answer to prisoner, the officer denied that prisoner oners, and was a favourite in the neighbour. could base mimed if he lad chosen. hood. On Leiug charged prisoner said: The charge .is "Quito' so. Good-night," said the rector. perfectly correct I sit not in cvrry detail. Prisener ' "Good-night, sir." was sent to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions for Dial. i And they separated, each going his own ......_...._ way. But only for a few moments was silence "BUTTERFLIES" AT THE APOLLO THEATRE. • maintained • between the brothers. " Then place is Land on n ony s arm, That delightful mrsical play " Pullet flies " will reach saying: Robert d le' 1 Ath ' ' its :.C,Oth representation 4n Thursday night the 29th ‘g Be advised lei 'me—pay- up; at least, pro- Jest. at the Apollo iteatre, and—by way of marking • t d With five pounds in my pocket rinse o 0 SO. p the occasion—the manse t ma-lit will present a full vocal score of the epera to all o Ihl 11 . leave you to-night. ho visit the eatre on that assay mu ' You can give me cc' weih evening. To celebrate keg runs by giving At the end cf a week the rest can souvenirs is rebre or less it matter of course- in these follow." advanced days. but to present it vocal score is quite a "Why do you speak to me now? That man novel proceeding and one which appears to err on the can hear! " In •a, N:f.ACI most imploring it was 'side of generosity as its ptiLliehed cost is far in excess whispered; for now the young clergyman had of the prices of admission to all except the most seen his brother, seen' what manner of man 'he 1 expensive parts of the theatre. It is very gratifying to fee fresh and wholesome werk such as that presented . looked, and shuddered at the knowledge of their relationship. . 'in "Butterflies "by Mr. W. J. Locke find his musical "Hang cellabo:ator Mr. .1. A. Robertson achieve such signal ~s I a the fellow!l lf you were as hengry m you would not care what he- over- success, and the triumptent run of this merry musical " I work threugh an unusi ally fine and lengthy summer is heard. I want my, ,answer." . , a solid fact that cleanly demunstrates the attractiveness " Yes—it's yes • Anthony stood still, of the entertainment, drew out his pocket-book, took from it a five. pound note, and gave it to the wretched-look- , - ‘ -- ing creature at his side. Brutal was his faco, . low and cunning his expression. . .., ..,-, , "When shall I come for the thouss.nd—to-day al • • week or before?" 111 ;s -g_ ee e- I "Today week. And you'll clear out oi . England with it?" BEEF TElVtihetvaliudt.ona. "Yes, like a shot. Now I'll leave you." 1 "Look—here, wait!" stammered Anthony in a thin voice of clesnair and fear. " Listen: he A Breakfast Cup for a id 4 gasped, don't, don't for heaven's sake go into the village! Keep out of it, in mercy to me— or—or—l'm hanged if you'll have that thousand."-

asked Alec St.

"He's ead, murdered', killed! And don't look M me like that, just as if you thought I had gone clean out of my senses ! " The last words were said in a voice of indignant ex- postulation by John Brewer, as he turned to- wards the new arrival on the scene.

"it's an awful thing. if it's true. Why, there's never been hoard of before such a thing as n murder in these parts. Don't seem a respectable customer, either. Guess the crime is the work of one of his set," replied Charles Smith, as he stood suddenly still in front of the corpse. "Anyhow, we must hurry off to tell the police. There's no time to be lost." "True enough ! " And on their way to the police-station the men told all whom they met of the ghastly sight to be seen in the road near the rectory gates. And amongst those that they met was old Frankland. He listened to the news with a troubled expression, and walked on quietly for a short distance; then he stood still, thought for' a moment, and then turned hi the opposite direction to his work, and that oppo- site direction was straight to where the murdered man lay. . . . . . .

"It's him—sure enough it's him," he said, looking down at the still form. . "What's that you said ?" asked the con- stable in charge. "That it's the man who I saw having a bit of a row with the parson last night. I came upon them ' just below, where it's darkest, and they passed me and came along up here." .

"I suppose the deceased was begging." "Well, I shouldn't say that quite. He seemed to me to be A bit threatening, and the parson he didn't speak as if he were quite on the clear side of the hedge. I heard him say something about blackmailing." "You did?" "!es, I will swear to it." "You'll have to give evidence at the inquest this afternoon."

"I shouldn't like to say half a word that might get our young parson into a row; him as is going to be married so soon." " You must be a witness," was the curt reply. Then others hurried up, and excitement grew. But Franklancl ceased for once to be a loquacious man; reviling himself for hav- ing said more than was wise , already. Be- tween now and the afternoon most busy were the police gleaning evidence. It came to hand faster than they dared to hope. A five-pound banknote, found on the murdered man was traced to the rector, and lying on the ground, close by, was a handkerchief bearing the initials " A:M.," recognised as his. Then quickly from London flashed the news, by telegram, that Robert Musgrove was the rector's brother. Why had not the fact been already told by the rector himself? The police asked the question with indignation and suspicion; and proceeded at once to sub- pcena him to attend the inquest. His confession of relationship was to all a startling and unpleasant blow. Scarcely credible was it to the majority •of his parishioners. Yet more startling, more incredible, was his arrest at the inquest on the charge of murder. Before night it was the sole topic of local conversation. Not a person believed that it was otherwise than an easily cleared away accusation; one that would leave their dearly loved rector without a stain on his reputation. The first hearing before the magistrates was devoid of any stirring disclosures; the second tightened the cordon of guilt; at the third. the prisoner was sent for trial. .

A fortnight only to wait in prison; and then he stood to be tried for the murder of his brother. It was a hard-fought case. The most able counsel of the day were briefed by his solicitors; but evidence was strong against him, and it grew in strength' as the days passed, and the unhappy maw stood in the dock, listening, praying, hoping. The verdict eame as esurprise to none. It was "Guilty," with a strong recommtnda- tion to mercy. But condemned to death was Anthony Musgrove. A week later he was reprieved. That re- reprieve meant nothing to him—he had grown to long for death during the sad days of imprisonment. It was all to the girl who loved him! Did not the fact of his existence mean that on some blessed day his innocence would come to light? Guilty he was not. She knew that. God- in His mercy would cause that innocence to be proved in the near future, she told herself, a hundred limes a day.

But weeks grew into months, months into years, and still under a load of disgrace and shame, the unhappy man lingered en in penal srvittule. Meanwhile Alec St. John grew wealthy. Fifteen thousand a year was the income all stated he now had; and approximately accu- rate was this statement. Mr. and Mrs. Thorpe heard it, and believed it, and invited him more frequently to their house, and placed within his power greater facilities for seeing. _lrene:

Of these facilities he never failed to avail himself.

" If the dear girl were once married to him she would entirely cease to think of that wicked murderer," soliloquised Mrs. Thorpe to herself, adding aloud to her husband: I wish that Musgrove's sentence had not been respited. It will ruin Alec's chances of marrying _lrene, I am afraid.".

" I don't think sn." " Why? Do tell me 7

"I told her last night that in six months I shall be a bankrupt if she does not marry him. and he proposed to-day and was ac- cepted."

..- • ,7.•• - 'ore ? :o‘.• • .i......- ••••:.v..4.-.4r00.0.- ore ',um., .........- ~.. • .... .... - ...- .. - . •• - •• • ...it • todr•i." .1•••,•' kw e• **P....looe' !Aeliiir • ••••ri• o, 4-14•••-•-• •••••••:404- ‘44Vii.4l*••••=ariki•Wit.-"_•—•.ii_ •V•714.w M itv,••''''..,.•o6"..erifell't v sa"•i •. •.... • • -•••• • .... •• ... ............. .• - 0....-... or s• 0; .......C.i.. '.- ale teir 4... art......,.. ;P.P.!. ....b. i'.......-....v.......74 .. ii 1e5.4.14.,-,?.......rjr. gr: c. Viri •111 ....• fr., / • • • ...' .11P• jl4l .. *Q.. . _...41 • iirlk Trift -1. -.••••• 13;:: It i• . W... • 411 • %I.c• •:. i • , lA. ',..••-• -..:1 *.:- ""•;•:. ..141. ..e• Irlr: ... 40.4 -.1•:!.. ....- ••• 'V. • ••• et- r..•.....e • . • 1•!•!•..........4. •• . ..:••!•.. •• P•: • ••• ...• ...s. a.A • • i 1......•.• w..•.-....7.,-. ;:•11,P*4.44:....10:-.4 It* fr 10,, • 11 4: 14..A-"4 --11:4:;;d7:441:i•ZIK!:4.:41;7•4i.eliie:1;LiYIAP(4.4; V?::lrNPltk...;Wili..; IlVt,:ar:ilit/..Z.Ve.VANilit::ii:i t r4e4,0:Z4V.Veri...41,tg•:•;49,::: yerecii. .411... t

===== 0002601_19081024_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

Tbe Sandringhem Season.—As in previous years the , Royal Family will gather for the King's Birthday on November oth at Sandringham where for several months r SOCIETY 11178ICIAN3. pest, workmen have been engaged in carrying out an The Countess of Malmesbury, who has been extensive scheme of improvements. The Royal apart- playing the violin in church at a harvest meats have been re-decorated and various alterations festival service, is not the only accomplished have been made to increase the accoirmodatiore which violinist in the . Peerage. Lady Einnoul, fen; has hitherto been found inadequate for the entertain- tn 1 ha fiddled • exa pe, s frequentlyin public for naent of large house parties for the shooting seasonend for the Royal birthday and Christmas festivities. The clarity. Lady Roualdshay and her sisters celebrations for his Majesty's birthday will include a Play the violin and 'cello, and Lord and corcreand performance of "The Flag Lieutenant," with Lady Londesborough's charming daughter, Mr. Cyril Maude and Miss Winifred Emery in the Lady Irene Denison, who recently made her principal roles. The performance will take place on debut, is as expert as any profesional on the November lath, and in the following week there will he mandolin and ,guitar. Among the best Pianists some theattical entertainments at Windsor Castle, in in society are Lady Irarce, Lady Carew's honour of the State visit of the Queen of Sweden. sister, Mrs. Clifford Cory, Lady Galloway, An Infant Prodigy Indeed.—Miss Maud Allan, the Lady Wiltshire and Mrs. George West. popular dancer, in the accoent of her life, gives some m astonishing details of her infancy. She speaks of being Queen Alexandra is an excellent pianist, and given her first doll, and having" sped down the broad other gifted musicians in the Royal Family staircase " when she was only 'five months old." That are Princess Christian, the Duchess of Argyll, iif true, beats the story of the American " hustlin " and Princess Henry of Battenberg. The late plant. who, when six months old, saw that his nurse Duke of Saxe-Coburg played the fiddle. intoxicated, and said to himself as he lay in his cot ; A U3EFITL WIICTER FROCK. "IL will tell mother about her opening a second bottle For regular every-day winter wear,. whether of gin, when lam old enough." Miss Alien, did even et home or at. school, there is nothing more more wonderful thines if the ran downstairs when" fire practical . 'cat or suitable than I rep' little seller ecenths old," but it is doubtless a misprint in her small autobiography, and must surely be meant for years. frock.frock in its newest and meet up-to-date guise. Our sketch this week shows the sailor 31any people past middle age can remember things that is a simple and practical design, that is quite happened when they were two or three years old, but It it may safely he said that none can go back further within the capabilities of the most amateur than that. nee The Queen and Her Camera.—The Queen has been I engaged during her stay in Denmark in going over: proofs and eelections for her new publication " Queen ; Alexandra's Gift Book : Photographs from my Camera." The Queen first began to use the camera at ! Sandringbara some fifteen or sixteen years ago, and she hes been an enthusiestic " snap-shotter " ever since, ! with the result that her Majesty has a large collection ; of photographs of Royal personages and groups, and of ; interesting views of notable events. It is from these pictures that" a selection has been made, and beneath each cue will be a description which the Queen Las written, The book, which will be issued early next I month, at the price of as. 6d. will consist of about 130 ; pages, and all the contents, pictures, and letterpress are ' the Queen's own work. Needless to say it is for the ! benefit of charity that the Queen les carried out this ; happy idea of joining the ranks of Royal authors, and . so great is the demand for the book, that it will not be ! ensiling like satisfied by the first edition of a quai ter ; a a millicn copies. Lady Violet Elliot's Mareiage.—Angle-Indian Society is anticipating a brilliant winter season in Calcutta. It • has keen all hut decided that the marriage of Lord. Clears Fitzmaurice and Lady Violet Elliott is to take place there in January, and, in that event, many dis- tinguished members of the families of bride and bride- , groom will go out for the wedding. Lady Violet is the' youngest daughter of the Earl cad Countess of Minto. She was nineteen last May, cud made her first appear- ! slice in London society this year, when she came home for the marriage of her sister to Lord Errington. Lord ! Charles Fitzucaurice is the ecunger son of Lord and Lady Lansdowee, and is Captain of the Ist Dragoons, dressmaker. This little frock would look well now stationed in India. The wedding will form carried out in serge, caohmere, or frieze, the another connection between the families of Viceroys colour, of course, being a matter of individual and pro-Consuls, Lord Mine) lies been Governor taste. Down the front from top to bottom of General of Canada, and is the present Viceroy of India, the frock runs a plain, wide box-pleat. This both offices having been filled by Lord Lansdowne in pleat is machined down at the edges to a point the past, whilst another daughter of Lora and Lady a little below the waist, and is then released. Minto is married to Lord Errington son and heir ,of The back is decorated with a similar box-pleat, Lord Cromer. i which is however, released at , the waist. A I • , bolt of stitched material holds the dress Belief in Lucky Charms.—lt is astoniehing how many eunree women possessed of a full measure of practical it?ain. wida sailor-collar of drill or linen, erne- at the waist. From the neck turns back a m connacn-sente, Lelieve in good luck charms. There are thouseteds of such women who would not dare to go for relented with several rows of washing braid at the edge. A neat little guimpo to match fills in a motor drive without the little curio which they the omen apace et the throat. The sleeves are regard as a protecting talisman. These little , simple bishop affairs, taken into lcng tucks at traseets are of all kinds and shapes. They can be. ' the wrist bought in the shops in the form of little animals, in ivory or mother-o'-pearl, or in quaint little Eastern I Nov VOG ran. idols and figures in gold. But to be efficacious a lucky ' One of the chief chnrecteeisrics of the new charm should be hit upon accidentally, and none is roles, writes Mrs. Ilug,h Aelaner in Lenders more prized than some little trifle of no intrinsic value, Opinion, is the lavish use of dyed lace and nets. which is tempered to be accountable for some strobe of Such materials are fahioned into blouses to be gocd fortune. SI tether amulets have any influence over worn with cloth .eleirts, or used for yokeS and fate ie a matter for individual opinion. Some people sleeves. For no loner is it correct to wear a prefer to put their faith in an insurance policy, but a white lace yoke or blouse with a cloth meat end great many who are raid by their friends to be born skirt. To be fashionable the body must match lucky—fortune's favowites —carry about with them the skirt, and the lace ho dyed the exact shade wee little fetish, which they regard as a really potent of the dress material. In some of/ the new charm. trnodels the white chemieette or yoke appears in- Fur Neck Wraps.—Tn the spring of this year we had set into the dyed lace but the smartest models the wide band of fer for the neck finished at the, left are those that are suede in one colour right up vide with a huge ribbon how. The autumn has sent the te the neck, the nock-bande and yokes being re-appearance of this particular wrap, but the ribbon richly embroidered in gold and silver tinsel. Such bow Las disappeared aed its place has been tet en by a lel:owes are very chic and becoming, especially lerge flat how of the fur, the cede 'Aire finished with if made over a satin of e lighter shade, the Craters of Mils. At the moment, the bow is errimeSd elievos lined with a cloudy chiffon to correspond. beneath the chin but no dcebt it will wear at the! aide and back of neck, es time goes en. Skunk is A SIiART NEW CO,IT. in high favour for this modish teed and bow, so also is Very 'smart and up to date is the neat little ermine, and mink. j coat pictured in our sketch. Theugh built on the fashionable Directoire lines, there is nothing New eners..—llm beret miffs are de ruling, for not exaggerated about the cut cf this coat, and it is slily do they furnish their happy owners with ample quite suitable for regular everyday wear right purse end Lag scenic medal ion, Lot the idea of thread through the winter. 'l.lO coat i 3 single-breasted, ing a wide, soft scarf, that exactly matches the colour of the fur through the skins, end tying it in a large and fastens down the front with three largo bat- tons. Below the leeese button it is cut square ends full almost to the hem of the gown, bowie tie left side, from n hence the long weighted is a highly acmes for about four inches, and then the long ornamental and artistic ere. In shape these muffs are basquds fall almost to tha level of the knees on either side, the fronts being rounded off towards like the new bats very flat and very wide, end there is the bottom. From the neck turns back a square- their &light fel absence of those horrid little brads, with ended shawl collar, faced with black satin and • en „ their beady eyes, and fearsome-looking teeth. edged - with a strapeine of the cloth. The The Monstrous Size of Hate—The size and extraves sI - sleeves are perfectly p:a:n and quite small, the gance of women's hats are evidently getting on men's ' nerves, and it iv not only in theatres, but 111 churches and pudlic vehicles that they are being complained of, as asturce of embarressment.—ln America as in this ccontry, fashion dictates that won en's hats must ire of Brob-dir graalan proporticns, and the clergy of Brocklyn have started a campaign against the wearing of such headgear in the churches and cherels. One imagines however that they will find it dilricult to induce the American women of lesbian to surrender her flower. garden, and feather-lcden creations. Moreover it is to h% feared that woman's hats will not grow en:eller tecause they have become a hum for the derision of the tulle scoffer, indeed despite this, and the additional fact that acturr nal winds reader huge headgear eminently ramitable cud uncomfortable, we are now abcut to adept the immensely wide, flat hats, beloved at the moment by fathior able rarisicnres.

A Far.ous Fahrie.—Viyella justly etjoys such a high rfputaticn that little surprifie uns felt uhen it secured two grand place, the highest Tossible narard at the From-British Fxhibitioil. Many visitors were inter- eatcd in seeing this erell-kroen fabric actually being woven, and the exhibit of Viyella—utcre sit garments for men, women cud rbildrrn, for day and night wear, were on view, was one of the leading features cf the Brit6ll Textile Section.

Hand-plinted Ball Shces.—The craze for hand-painted 'hall shoes opens up possibilities—from a money-earn- ing rot of vier—to the clever worker in ater colours. Occasionally ore sees embroidery and hand- painting allied in coo design, while another notion is to rairt a tic ml design and outline it n ith tiny beads, the centres of the flowera being treated uLlike fashion. MADGE.

merest suspicion of fulness being set in at the shoulder. A neat turn-back cuff, faced with black satin to match the eolfar, finishes the sleeve at the wriEt. This coat would look par- ticularly wc:l carried out in the new tone called "otter' browt;, with collar and cuffs of black satin. It should, of course, be accompanied by a cloth skirt to match. LATEST For OF STRTN.

The very definite Etripos of lezt winter are gone, but the fancy for this pattern renseins in a modified form. Very narrow lines, not pin- stripe 3, hut about one-eighth of an inch broad.: and in dark mixtures, are to bo,, worn. Some of these mixtures are very quaint, and have most unexpected effects, says the G10t.% • For instance, one of magenta end old rose ve'v unaccountably looks like a soft 'violet self •Scelour at a little distance. Old rose and c7eam-colour comes out eafe-au-lait. Sonu,stimes thee results are charm- ing. but now and then they are very disappoint. as some that promise to be exceedingly tnt simply ilook navy blue or dark green. When the mixture is effective, however, it is very saceearill. Dark blue and grey is a good mixture, and grecr, blue, and grey als-o. The triple str:pe.s are eapa.l2,..e. a -etulloa

~ A. I,.\s„'''' '-'1 ••••••T-..:',":4-.5;.'"---,—,:' 4,,, t-- 6,Alt; 50*0 v..\ 1 .ity,r,l,,,ote- At a.v.A. - '7,-,, ,r--,;1. ,='i,l•l' lige ''''' V --. .* -.., -- ';'-' c......$ • -..---.E_.---=-1.11,54-::::-

---,t, ":: Y,----..., •-•.-24...- ~ . .- - • ~z.,t,-.---1.-:.% -'OW-ti u. -- i -.._, 7,1,4" :7,/ iii iti . ,/•'• .'1,k,,,,17,.. Le f•77-41,i; \-1ti11,4., A,•=•"- 'A! • • ''lq, kt :" ' ',,'•!• ~. g1i!11,7,‘„,b.j. „ ... 1 „,,,..,• 11;,, 4. • i,I. c• .3 ;I. • ' ~, `1 ' ' . .. 1 1 ',, • ? , . A .'''. - iMA • brit''''' \:-.'; . '; . Ofili,/ ( / I .41"-',....1.4Z,i liii,,• .41 i" p / Ilin lit ' . ' • I i'',ii . ,4,. 41,4,A. ,T,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
- WOMAN'S HEADACHES

YIELD TO THE CORRECTIVE INPLUENCE OP DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS.

Many women habit- ually suffer from head-- achcs and a General Dcraagement of the SysterU, which maka lifz a daily purgatory. fend with Heal:v:l'42s as bu3iness would be at a The. truth is that lea:la:Ales are:mostly due' y causes. For these ail- Morse's Indian Root Pills Ne, and also all discrders a a diseased couditi..m of h, liver, and kidneys, that c proper assimilation of /filch should nourish the

mcn sufl

orn2a do, standstill. Women's E o womani]

m?nts Dr. are invo.'.lla• arising from the stomach prevent tlac the food wl body, are pf• cured by Pills.

)sitively aid permanently- or. Mor32's Indiaa Root

Sold by Chemists and Stores, price 1/11 per bottle, or The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C.

. LAPF 7 If ..!, w o 1 .1 4 , sta .. V,. /,•?.'' IN tr • 0 v' .4iii

===== 0002601_19081024_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
TOID.IT'B ZECIPE.

CRICREN Pit..—Put three-fourths of a break- fast cupful of rice in two quarts. of boiling water andcobk for five minutes; then put into a sieve and dash cold water over it to remove all starchy substance. Placo one - fourth cupful melted butter in a saucepan; add the rice and cook, stirring for five minutes; add three cupfuls chicken broth made from the bones and scrape of the chicken, three peeled tomatoes cut into Elice3, a tablespoonful finely-minced onion, one level teaspoonful celery salt, or if celery is in season use table salt and twd stalks of celery; cover and cook for twenty-five minutes. Heat the chickcU with one green pepper, seeds re- moved, and cut the shall into shreds.; then re- move celery and peek rice in a buttered bread. pan, in which has beer. placed halves of hard- boiled eggs, the rice forming a lining an inch thick; add the chicke 1, which has been thickened with -flour, spread rice over the top, and set in hot oren in si pan filled with hot water, and cook for fifteen minutes; servo with this sauce: Two lablospoolfala of butter placed in a sauce- can : when melted add two tablestoonfuls of iioar, stirring well together; then pour in one- half pint of milk, and stir until smooth and creamy;. add one-half teaspoonful of .Salt, one- fourth teaspoonful pepper, one-half pint stewed tomatoes put through a sievo and cook all to- gether until creamy; garnit,it with parslpy and lemon. ,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ZAM-BUK STOPS At I EPIDEMIC.

Ten in One Family Cured of Eczema. -- Doctors Astounded and Parents Crateful.

111.

---- - She looked towards the man, her husband, with eyes that spoke of fear and hate. "Do you know that we are the talk of ,the hotel? Do you know that one man said von looked as if you wanted to throw yourself. off the Gorner flrat-yesterday, in order to escape from me? Do you know that—" "Yes, I know I look wretched." "I'll leave Zermatt to-morrow. It's awful to be amongst a crowd of cheerful people with a.bride who looks like, a martyr. Why cannot you become interested in hll that is going on? There is plenty to see and talk about:" "Yes."

"Will you try to—" "I want to leave to-morrow," broke in Irene. "flon't let us co by train: let us (I.*e down to Visp. I think I shouta be happier away from this crowd of observant men and women, whose eyes watch me for ever." "All right, we'll drive down. The trains are certainly too crowded for comfort; and we will leave to-morrow."-

It was agreed, and the carriage was ordered. Ten o'clock on the morrow they drove oft at a good swinging pace from the hotel. It was a glorious day, sunshine and brigninege pervaded everywhere, and the glistening, snow-clad Matterhorn looked most lovely, sharply silhouetted against a bright blue sky. Through Taesch they drove, thon through Ronda, noting its vandyke chfdets, dotted about the ern'erald-green pastures.. ..

But Irene wore the Bailie look. of exquisite sadness that had irritated her husband for weeks.

"I can't stand it," he said to himself, fiercely, as he turned away from her. "If only—"

lie stopped thinking, stopped attempting to delineate the future.

The road had curved, and coming towards them, looking as if it were on the point of contesting the roadway, was an upward'. bound train. The horses started back, swerved aside, pranced, crushed against each other, each instant fording the carriage nearer and nearer to the edge of the pre- cipice. Now the train was nearly abreast, two minutes and it would be passed, and the danger would be passed too. "Get out! Let us get out! See, we she' be over the precipice in a second!" Alec St. John's voice rang out, laden with horror and terror.

Too late! Already the carriage was quivering at the edge. Now it was plunging down the precipice! The maddened steeds, who unwittingly had sought their tiwn terrible end, struggling and fighting to arrest their ghastly descent. Crash! Crash! Against impeding rocks the carriage was hurled as it sped down the mountain sida towards he fast-rushing river Viso—far, far below! It was an awful spectacle! Everyone in the train watched the terrible scene, shuddering and horror-stricken. Alec. clung successfully for a minute to the car- riage, then was hurled down the steep moun- tain side and at once lost to view. _ _

" Look ! The lady is sale!" cried an Eng lishman.

It was true! Irene hid just alighted on a ledge of projceting green sward, soft witb lovely ferns, and was now clinging to an over- hanging shrub. Beneath her, lashing itself into a mass of snow-white foam, rushed the angry waters of the Visp. Oh, heaven, to be saved from death at their cruel hands! •

The train had stopped. People were hurry- ing towards her—ropes, straps, all and every- thing that could enable others to come to her rescue were being fastened together. Now—oh, was it only ten minutes To her it seemed an eternity—someone was being lowered towards her.

" Are you hurt very much " he asked., ‘" No, I don't believe you are. We doctors are good judges of injured people at a glance. But you must be taken to the sum- mit at once.". _

"No ! I must be lowered to where my hus- band lies injured. I must speak to him quickly. I have his forgiveness to ask." Dr. Stewart cast a searching glance at the ashy-white and distressed face of the terrified girl, then shook his head. ' 'Don't tamper with your present state. You have received a most terrible shock. Although you do not appear to be absolutely injured, you are not in a condition to face any more mental strain." _ _

" I must speak to my husband, 1 must'" she stammered, in a choking voice. For agonies of regret filled her mind for having embittered his life during the last few weeks. Di. Stewart turned and looked down to where a poor battered mortal lay on the stones border- ing the river. "You shall have your way, then," he said, kindly. "I see that there is a narrow, zig-zag path leading down the mountain. If you will take my hand and let me help you we can manage the descent all right." In silence Irene complied. Dr. Stewart was a tall, gaunt, red-haired Scotchraan, about forty years of age, and with a confidence-inspiring manner.

Slowly and cautiously was that descent ac- complished. A quarter of an hour, and Irene stood at her husband's side.

He lived still. The . breath of life yet lingered in his crushed and suffering frame. Irene sank on her knees at his side.

"Oh, Alec, forgive me, for Ave me, for having niade you so unhappy! You cannot tell how bitterly I regret it," she said, be- tween her sobs. "If I could only live the time over again , I would be . a good wife." "It was only right and just that I shoUld be unhappy," he murmured. " I deserved it all, deserved to be a thousand times more wretched than you have made me. I have been cruel and wicked; no punishment was too 'great for me. Come nearer. Hold' my hand, whilst I confess my great sin to you." The next moment she tenderly clasped_ the poor limp band. " Ah, that is oomforting!" he whispered, then ceased to speak for a minute; only for a minute, for every second of time was most precious. • "Irene, you remember the murder of Robert Musgrove? vesou.

How could she forget it? ' " did it! He knew of my having forged a cheque years before, and he threatened to give information to the ,police. I knocked him down; then stabbeChim.' "And Anthony is innocent! Oh, Alec, how could you be—oh, no, I will not say a word of reproof." "If only I could live long enough to die with a clear conscience," he murmured, with a sob. Di. Stewart had moved away, arid now stood a short distance off, his face averted from the pathetic scene between the dying mEar and his young, beautiful wife. ".I will ask the .advice of the doctor who helped me to come to you," she said, rising. She told him all, and never has the history of a great wrong had been more briefly and pathetically told. "Can you help to clear away title terrible injustice ?" she said, looking up into his face most imnloringly. "Yes," he answered, with decision, "for I happen to be a J.P., And can take down your husband's evidence." .Saying this, Dr. Stewart walked quickly towards „Alec.

On a leaf torn from his note-book the con- fession of the crime was written ; then gently they raised the dying man to sign it. . - Strange was the scene, and most impres- sively harrowing. Within a few yards the fast-flowing Visp lashed itself into fury; and on both sides rose the steep, fir-clad moun- tains, snow-capped even on this August day. And outstretched on the grey stones lay Alec St. John, dying; glad that the ,weight of a great sin could haunt him no longer. The . end came quickly—after a few minutes.

...... Two days later, frems returned to England. Before a week passed Dr. Stewart placed Aloe's confession in the hands of the Home Secretary. Anthony Musgrore wax released—a thin, ::-r-ent, broken-hearted man. ' But the very first to welcome hita back to liberty wgs Irene. A month later tborr ,k placa a quiet mar- riage from the villas church, where once he I had been rector. • And from that day there began to steal into the ex-conyiet's face a look which rpoke of returning happiness. UM: END.]

.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S Patwit SELF—RAISING Fl 2

UB INPREVENTS DIGESTION.

" Irene ! "

===== 0002601_19081024_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRI

PHOTOGBAMS OF THE YEAR, 1903.- , A REPRESENTATIVE COLLECTION OF THE BEST EXHIBITED AND NON- EXHIBITED WORE OF THE YEAR, ILLUSTRATING THE picToRIAT, • , PHOTOGRAPHY OF GREAT BRITAIN AND THE COLONIES, FRANCE, GERMANY, BELGIUM, SPAIN AND AMERICA. STIFF PAPER COVERS, 2s. NET.—POSTAG CLOTH BCUND, 3s. NET. - DAWBARN & WARD, LTD., - 6, FARRINGDON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C. •„,o, A charming little brochure detailing a .conversatt between an American visitor and his fellow-passent:7 in the course of rt journey by the Cornish RI ttee! . Express from Paddington to Penzance, has just hsued by the Great IYestern Railway CerocanY• eat' , perusal is bound to add to the pleasure of this inter.. ing journey and it can he obtained by forvardingld the Suferintendect of the lice, Paddington, W. ' •

1.:

TLui

PArn: Parochi CaN, were n Clarke,P. War J. Swir had wri -the C

roads:- a Filnzi 1: the foo commit ward in Mr. A. ,sihould footnatl Plea 6 Ipecessit epintnit vicinity Lllendati Mr. 3. N i•ond, Present and pia< road • Nand' clothes 1 lia they

Ask a When Ask ; jlere's Mr. lb 1:loeasioa: the% raedi to baekac

ilnuenc -e. thicilcreded ' 'the • socre a If I ho2lari you I aßid, f Gi• " „Doan's QePenc( dle_eP•lncE ft ,7;rorci..st

,red ress ad cl,,t YE i."'ggeStiv 41!Iding :I;Nts us 13 In us n( 13'esent p great ex, the LW° spld z thiS Ton -.ids' Cis 6;lSis is t'resdy th 17111013 g its Pnge pr.( iiss I index

6? Lance d blueltd?Ci ,111_ .11issbisrivt Adv '5l-aa tj, arise •atworth on Tues th the featut Too 1,1,0 nson, tTen'S e Aerati

fe-ai lifacis. hal 11; vetng rouell was ra for t 'Lter b I„°bg, '•Le't bit°ntor's' (411174' thou „oro,thy ou b, ,ranged "qtred elUded sWlStove it 44 the Us 11,. your leldbouse 'ore.

THE

Prep[ Make Beef

11:11en the M alackp 9 three

,4 janChe 1t,"4164bd b 4r 8 e1,:4 the e `r3'bod r, etc* Y clic:4 • Nlr, r, i.taeterisl t4' nthor e °klld

't3'l3otin

Ati • acte,

I

r . • ej 4, thi 4. 41 ake• • )/c , Of tl4 I,rieteute Du °' we .1' °l,`nael 4"P' • . ec°mPanh , V " -- V '4l'B (cow (lice , Cao tuielrEhan] e aftel V:)101sg >, (011 this'eati sil Itllert-sc at 4 e,„:3ong 41414. gar t°tela °bta 145 ; 14 'l.ii,total (12.4 even tote htt erßham 1510. 'lan, 141;41nried

t A

===== 0002601_19081024_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
BRONCHITIS & BRONCHIAL COLDS-

October Dangers Averted by Peps.

Both old and young are liable to attacks tf bronchitis. Indeed, so common is this kind of bronchial cold That few are able to get through an Autumn without one or more attacks, .vvhile with a very large number of us the complaint has become chronic—largely, no doubt, because in the past the wrong method of treatment has been adapted. The discovery of Peps, however, opens the path of deliverance even to the chronic sufferer. _

Bronchitis is really inflammation of the delicate, membrane lining the tubes that carry pure air into.' the lungs. This membrane is extremely sensitive to chill or any sudden change of temperature. We notice this sensitiveness when breathing of cold night air is painful to us. A peculiar tickling and huski— ness in the throat, followed by intense nervous irrita— tion in the region of the breast-bone, may then be: noticed, while increased secretion of the fluid gireP rise to a choking sensation and a cleshe to " cough.: something up." • The rational method of treating bronchitis is by inhalation ; that is, breathing the medicine in shape of fumes from the mouth into the throat and chest and experience proves that inhalation of the balsamic 4 fumes emitted from Peps is ideal and offers the' auickest and only safe cure. Peps are a unique concentration of the particular natural, substances which Nature has furnished for • the cure of human throat and chest troubles, and their action embodies Nature's own way to the lungs. As the Peps tablet dissolves in the month, the curative fumes which it emits are inhaled with the breath. They bathe the air-passages and have the most soothing and healing influence. Liquid cough mixtures are merely swallowed into the stomach, and conse- quentlydo not reach the lungs at all. Peps are i unique n that, they go direct to the chest disease. Peps also contain no opium. chloral, or other of the harmful drugs to be found in cough mixtures and lozenges. Keep your box of Peps always handy—by your bedside for that troublesome night cough. A course of these splendid tablets will entirely cure bronchitis-4 and prevent a return of these attacks that have been getting worse year by year. Sold by all chemists Is. 11d. or 2s. Od. per box.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES.

By Veronica.

EINIODIFI CATION IN PRINTING. It is very useful to the photographer to know that even with the same class of paper, very different prints may be made from a negative, without any " faking.':: For instance, with any given negative, and any given: printing paper, considerable difference may be made ill the" softness "or " hardness " of the print. If we - have an exceedingly' dense, bard negative, and are printing, say, on P.0.P., it may take a couple of days in diffused light. and the print will be very hard and contrasty. The brilliant negative, printed on the earn paper, in direct trilliant sunshine, may take half air hour or forty minutes, and the result will be relatively harmonious. THE EFFECT OF THE PRINTING LIGHT.' The example mentioned in the above paragraph iven the general principle which is to be followed. iVith a , dense, harsh negative, print in strong light ; with is' soft, flat negative print in weak light. This is the,4 secret of the great success of the "printing under grees.': glass" which was popular some years ago. The same' effect can be obtained by printing in very weak diffused light,. Not only with daylight -and print-out rapers, but also with artificial light and development papers, the same general principle holds good. In working bromide, for instance, if it is desired to aware softness from a hard negative, it is well to print quite close to a lamp giving a strong light. While' with the same paper, if one wishes to get a relatively plucky print from a fairly soft flat negative, the frame should be- removed two of three or more feet from the light. ' Of course, in the latter case, the time of exposure will be very considerably increased, for the power of the light diminishes inversely as the square of the distance. Thor, if a given negative requires one second at one foot from the lamp, it will require sixteen seconds at four feet frdm the same light. Of course, if the negative printed at one foot is a very dense one, and that print( 1 at four is thin, the exposure for the latter will be. sixteen times, but perhaps from eight to Len times what Is required for the former. THE INFLUENCE OF THE PAPER. Different printing papers bare very different scales of gradation so that with a given negative the best possiblw print on one payer may he hard while the best possible , print en another paper may be soft and fiat. It is for this reason that the success of tl e photographers deperde very largely upon the way in which they contrA their exposure and their development, to give them negatives capable of producing the prints they want on the - particular paper they prefer to use. It is not necessary to mention here all the differences in gradation between the various papers, but for the current winter time it is perhaps well to remind readers, with regard to bromide, that, generally speaking, rapid papers tend to give soft results, while slow papers tend to give harsh and more brilliant prints.

EXPOSURES FOR S.C.P.

The following exposures from the "Wellington S.C.P. booklet will be useful not only to users of that paper, but nfso (as a raatire guide) to all " gas-ligbt paper workers : iTo an ordinary ("batswing ") gas burner, 150 sec. at lamp Bin. To duplex paraffin burner with clear glass chimney. 120 sec. at Gin, To al6 c.p. incandescent electric lamp, 00sec. at 61n.

To an inctaidepcent gas burner in good order, ri ost c . at Gin' To a small acetylene burner, sfisec. at (Un. To diffused daylight, just inside a window (mid. day in Spring), lsec. RELATIVE EXPOSURES TO ARTIIICAL LIGHT. Often, when working away from home, one traY wish to expose a few bromide or gas-light prints to an unfamiliar lamp. Wherefore, the following outline. table (given for Wellington booklets, just issued) maY be useful : EXPOSURES AT A DISTANCE OF H INCHES. To en ordinary (" batswing ") gas burner, dsrc. To a duplex paragin lamp with clear glass chimney, ssec. To an incandescent gnsburner in good order,2sec. To a IC c.p incandescenVelectric light, 3sec. To a small acetylene burner, 2a ec. BRITISH PHOTOGRAPHY IN NATURAL COLOURS. Some months ago, I mentioned the experimental introduction of the " Thames " plate for single exposure photography in natural colours. There so- now a couple of examples of work made noon this plate to 1:e seen at tho exhibition of The Royal Photo- graphic Society, and there is some probability of its coming on to the-market. OUR PATRON, HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN. All photographers know that Queen Alexandra is n°t. only a patron of photogrtpl err, and of the R.P.S. kilt also an enthusiastic photographer herself. Therefore I sin sure,that they will all support the effort made the Queen and by ‘• The Daily Telegraph" to raise: funds for charitable purposes by tie publication a i"Photograms from my Camera ; Queen Alexancirs'S' Christmas Gift-hook"; 130 pagss, consisting of repro- ductions of the Queen's pictures, with notes written bY herself, may be obtained for 2s. 6d., and photogrnphero will doubtless use numbers of these gift books amongst their Christmas presents. PORTRAITS YEAR BY YEAR. The current issue of the "Royal" Magazine gives' portraits of one of its readers at every year of age front cne to twentpone, with the first view showing the' sitter et three months. Such a record has con siderablo interest for the pa son represented, and many of MY' readers might make similar sets of studies of their children,

NOW READY.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
, .......... i.. The Examiner, Saturday, October 24, 1908. ~,._._.„,:t0t.,:..,,,,;,,,,,.,,..„...";:.:_1„,:f..K..,,,,,,...,„:4,,,.,.....".".„...,,,,„,.*.x,,,.....K.,:t....1..:...,f..;......,.,..:.......,.,.:..,..,:.;;;;:„..1.4.,,,,,,,:...,,,,;,.:1..!„,,,,,... 10:::, ~ ____ ~ ________., , • , CE ZEMA mADE RH :.„.„."...,..........„.„...___:.,:,..:_7,,,,..„,....„....,..„..„.....t; ~, . PROPERTY OWNERS' ASSOCIATION. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. I ______ c_ WHY ERR GI, kssEs. . .......,,..,...„„..,......... •.',.**e,••••=%,:,., ...II:I:v-7, -7 . '1...,X,' • ',..,,,,,,,z,. ir:',',71.:...,:-;... _.-,, .. ... -: .:':,,*4,.:;,.- s.I. _,, . r I. _, -- :, The Guardians' Private Rill Ci . ‘-'4%-:-;-..,-;- :.-.. j .47 •k ' : .:*,,-I,*. i 1..., -, ~....--:„` ''.:A. _,'l,. , * .1, 'l' . ..k,.,,, -, ;;;...w-q5,..:- .., People wear GLASSES because the difficulty of seeigg • ALTERATIONS AT THE TECHNICAL !I lur 1 I'D tAinpv . -‘:z3i, ta-!--e` i't.4--'''.&t4-••-••! ' • ''---••`'eteet.-•!;-. :.::... e a:OA: t R'fia.: -:..e. I am. .. : 'l' Me .-: ems t':.•o"".'ltertte a - `:-•Ltatart•t I ___ , . , increases as they become older and GLASSES make their k- e . INSTITUTE. GIITL Li VVU n a •,,,.„ ...,„:„,,, .)&.:,. , 4e4, t„:,:...t,L:,:.,/......6.z.„...4,,,..,„:,::.:,.r.,,:,.:4.?4„. „7. ~::.,?„,„:_,„.....„.„..„„.„„ ...,.......„. •." --to UNCLE 'ee '"! - ••`-:--oVleeeli- • - •. • • ,e., m 1 . 1: :i1i'";.,,;;•,,,--: f• -`1 _ :;- ' le ... ,f`,7 4, - ~,.. ,„ . ' 5 Y ' sight easy and efficient. Or it may .be they have suffered , ie ' ` The annual meeting of the Warrington and District t ee • •-• ememes e• ;memo -•-• eat' :6:::. ..".':-.:',=,:t.7.--A:ii.- 4.,-,Ask- 1,,,,:;;;,-)'- '), -',4,:' %. ft ~.i from HEADACHES of which defective eyesight has proved le 4 ~ .. . ~...- to be the cause. GLASSES are a boon in relieving strain Property O'eners' A.ssociation was held in Teft's _____ , —_e_____ - . . -e• . • Assembly Room Bridge-street, on Tuesday eveprng. '-';l.-...:;.: NED. ,:-"*'-' i. • . ..,..ar i) t.tl,-,-- 1 , - -'-- )i ..,..ti..4_ c.,-,...,„ _ 'r7,'"d .., thus maintaining or even improving the wearer's earning Mr. W.Hickman (president) presided, and awing those The monthly meeting of tho Warrington Education !lands, Arms, and Feet Affected- .1,- . ' , , .44;tits, , , 07'7_ -,t7., ~ • . ,:, --..\\ ~.. t-. .1.- powers and eapacity for enjoyment. We fit GLASSES that preeeet were Alderman Burton, Councillors Skelland, Committee was held at the Town Hall on Monday . . • me, • am e t ne . wee- me mot -to tee , i tlagnes - ! te- ee- • Ikea emt Nem /-,ea at t moteet / te • "a'• •'' • ' j render defective sight equal to the perfect. GLASSES Dieltenson, and Cennington, and Messrs, ft. leheewoocl, evening. Councillor J. Fulton Smith presided and Medical Treatment Made Hands --;-1 .- . --.lirq..tir:4.4 ---' 7. ..H. - ;-wist:o- ‘. to- t ~;,A,_,.‘ mi ___1tt.....e... ; r e .. - tm. Masi:l;tt me --• t; ~..- meeramtsete, should NEVER be worn until the sight has been carefully F. Pendlebury, E. England, W. Furness, J. Buckley, G. there were also present : -Mr. H. Rebel ts, (deputy- 1 Swell and Run Water-Was as MY DEAR CHILDREN, KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. to Otte-eee tXreet- ' • A isere7t-721re-- eeth-e - a •••. oteemer I', •;.:1,74- ..,1 ' eio tested ; common READY-MADE glasses may permanently - T. Wilding, A. tv. Howard, P. J. Carlisle, J. Walsh, f. chairman), the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Aldermen , 11,,,..e.., as a Baby-Followed You will remember that last week I Kindness to animals is a lesson which oh/ M Mete -•,,eienete. t eme • ••• . •Ape . Hill, -G. E. afectey, W. Dtiatith, A. B. Marsh, W. Bennett and Ellison, Councillors Ball, Lord, Pemberton, I lin! Q" . C1i,.......?F5-.1-'''. '!0:.- , ' r I.- / 0 I injure the eyes. Our care and skill will ensure safe aria asked you specially to send me suggestions and young should have learned. I think 3t t•'•:''.--':-.' -'4'.. ', 'l,/ 4 Isl-,-// l'i;v7.4 .__-: and comfortable vision. Come and have your sight tested, Throssell. R. Lee, G. T. Diggle, H. Winstealey, AV. Revs. Jantee Davies, Canon Stevenson, M-Youge,lefessrs. I Cooper, R. Lunt (treasurer), and R. W. Cool: (secretary) C. Sawkins Burgess, T. P. Bradshaw, R. T. Fairclougb, a Neighbour's Advice and Her . for our Christmas Competitions. ' I hope I nothing,is worse than to see an animal ill- i- ~ . end let us tell yea if Glasses would belp you. Pi ices TIIE YEAR'S WORK. A. J. Jolley, 11. Kingdon, C. E. Parker E. Plinston, 1 e shall quickly have a lot of ideas sent me, as treated. It is as bad to see a ctild- hugginm a-- : .2: il line testing Steel Spectacles from 2s. Gd., Rolled Gold from 7s. 61, Solid Gold from 21s. C. H. Unswortb, J. Upson, Mr. J. Moore Murray I a you know that the year is very rapidly draw- and squeezing a cat or a dog as to see a man e 3 6 - • The sixth annual report and balance :hoot stated that (director), Mr. R. B. Roberts (assailant director), Mr. 1 CURE BY CUTICURA. -. ine to a close. - hitting a horse, cow, dog, or any otber animal. '75 '-- , the subscriptiora and donations for the past twelve John Fairhurst (treasurer). . - 'Next week look out for the name of the Some of these hard-hearted men have often ;h• N ' 30 'I4NSTON IV WIPSO , months amounted to L'32 Os. Gd. This, with a balance, HAS BEEN PERMANENT , brought ferward from last year of Rl7 Bs. 41., made a RESULTS OF THE EXAMINATIONS. winner of the Silver Watch. The essays are been heard to say, when told of hitting their not all printed, but I ehall publish a few mor- horse or donkey, "Oh 1 theymhave no feeling ' The Rev. Canon STEVENSON, in moving the confirms- o iy 'Eye Testing Rooms, 84, BRI D G E STREET, WARRINGTON. total of 249 am 101. The empencliture amoutnted to tion of the minutes of the School Management Com- ; , "My daughter, Mrs. Hannah Austin, during the next tiro or three weeks. . in them." But this is nut true, for animals, e 3 HOURS OP BUSINESS 9.30 to 7-30. , n 22 is. 5d., leaving a balance in the bank of .G 2 t 4s. sd. Deputations had attended conferences at Bolton and mittee, called attention to the results of the different I lives with me, and in September, 1906, Ido hope my members will not be disap- although they cannot speak and say they are , e Johnston Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4.39, Wednesday 11 to 5.30, Blackpool, and reports of the conference were duly exeminations in science, art, commercial and other ; something came on pointed with the result. You know that all of being hurt, can feel the hard stripes whieh. ic sent to each member of the assoeiation. During the' subjects. Dealing with science results, he said the 1 her hands and feet Ibursday 11 to 1, Friday and Saturday 11 to 5.30 or by appointment. number of entries was smaller than last year, and on 1 . eit4( ---' you cannot possibly be awarded a prise, and the master is, sesmingly, fond of giving them: le' year one Local Government Board Ingairy had been which a doctor said those who are unsucceseful muet be contented There are three chief ways by whtch you, held, at which the association were represented. Many the face of it they might appeer to he unsatisfactory, 1 s was eczema. H e ........e.--,-- but the percentage of those examined to the number of 1 in the knowledge that their contributions have can be kind to animals, which are :-F• eti ire ye r , STOCKTON HEATH. OUR LOC/11. GUIRCHES. . members had availed themselves of the advantages of entries was much higher. With sreferencs to art, they I ---.. tm gave her a bom of been published in the paper. There's a little by giving them proper food; secondly. by gim ointment t whi c h tthe association, useful service having been rend.ered to noticed with gratification that there had been a distinct 1 e a* satisfaction in this, isn't there ? as we all like ing them proper rest; thirdly, by not over- arm, • caused her hands to _ h , both as reg•arded assessments for rating and ir _ the bringing about of amicable rattlements of affairs rise in the School of Art all round. The number of ' mem e swell and run water. to see our names in- print. 'Se I hope there working them. These three are real:y essene PanocerAL COMAIITTEE.-A meeting Of the , _ s Parochial Committee was held on Tuetiday at the Hall in dispute which were of vital importance to property students had risen and the number examined bad risen , . - She was in a dreadful won't be any heartaching over this Competi- tial for the health of the animals. Nearly- aIL -e Cafe, Victoria Square. Mr. G. Piling presided. There Latchford Hapt!st noroh. . owners in general. Combination for self-defence on and the number examined beer risen considerably and state and as helpless Mon, I wish I could give every competitor a animate, if kindly treated, try to repay their f' 1. were also present-Messrs. H. J. Westbrook, J. H. At this ChurCh on Sunday the autumnal anniversar the pert of these who had to provide tho needful, the results were satisfactory. (Hear, hear). With -a b as a baby. A neigh- prize, but you know that would be impos- master or mistress for what they have done ;namely, property owners and ratep mere, nas e , reference to elle Union of Lancashire and Cheshire V- ssential: 0 , . tl , - et, had a similar disease bour, whose child had sible. With love, for them. For instance, a lady once removed. it Clarke, J.Hallows, G. J.Brown, J.Whitley, J.Mynekyne, services wore held and attracted loge congregetiensY. me anxious to show his gratitude, followed her s F. Warb t J M Der-aid G F Ashton (clerk), and e .ur on, . C = , . • , . e preac er a e morning and evening services was Th h tth ;it enabled them to exercise careful and judicious Institutes, the same fact was noticed there as in the ! I criti ism In eartre-r that the aesociation should have case' of science-1,144 ent-ies as againat 1 210, ' UNCLE NED. a crumb from a dog's eye, and 'the dog, • on the head, recom- Welcome to M. E. Parker, Fred Hargreaves, t. e• Srvinton (surveyorte-The Clerk reported that he the Rev. C. Rushby of Stalvbridge. Special anthems I perfecct fr•eedom of action it had imen kepteentirel9 free bat a larger number presented for examination, ; mended me to try Cuticura Ointment. 'lad written to the , County Surveyor requesting- that were rendered by the' choir. /n theafternoon a cantata , te the Caunty Cauncil would flag Walton and London- entitled " Christ and His soldiers " was given by the 1 from political bias or party questions. It is pleasing namely, 608 against 567, which showed that ! ito report a still•furtber income of members during the the students were taking vp their work in , • Finding. that it did her good, we went on trying Cuticura Soa_p, Cuticura William Hargreaves, and Clara Day. about for some time, and when she sat dowel he kept. by her side.- The dog had had a kind- roads. The Cott .ty Surveyor reported that he included choir. Mr. W. Roberts presided. The choir ' was con- Mirrors have been sent to Lizzie Kirby and nesse • • shown him, and he wanted to shcw that 5f a num in his estimates in April last, for the fieeging of ducted by Mr. R. T. Burt and the accom ini, ants ' year, making a tottil of 276. earnest. (Hear, hear). In the advanced subjects ; .Pll . 1 The report and balance sheet were adopted, on the there had been a very considerable increase- Ointment, and Cuticura Pills. Being employed in the mills as a silk worker, Violet Sandy. gyivorwianccaT :thi:itZsLyv,-esuilogratanyi: he appreciated it.. thtigY d the foot-paths, but the SaMO was struck out' by his were played by alr. A. Tree'v. The collections were in ' propesition of ,Mr. Imisawoon, eeconded by Mr. 59 first classes against 41 last yeer, 67 seconds against, • my daughter had had to give up work for _m___ committee. He would, however, bring the matter for- aid ef the church funds. COOPER. 53 last year, 68 passes against 53 last year, or a total of i a fortnight, but after using Cuticura KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. r ward in next year's estimates.-A letter was read from Wycliffe P.S.A. Mr. A. Shepherd, of Grappeahall-road, statine " I PRESIDENT ON TOWN'S AFFAIRS. 194 this year against 150 last year. They gained the ' Remedies for a few days she was able Is it wrong to ill-use aninials? Such was the tude in this way. e first place in the building trades section and in tee ' to resume her occupation. The 'disease '-'hould be glad if you will see to the lighting of the An increased attendance was recorded at the Wt-eliffe , Mr. Lumr proposed the re-election of Mr. Hickman question put. to me by a tiny girl. Of course, . lam glad to say that this cruelty is pre- e f engineering section, and the second? third and forth ! not only affected her hands and feet but eotpates in orappenhall-road, as soon as possible. Society on Sand:V. Mr. Smiley presided. MM. Sher- las president, rind remarked that he had served there well it is, I answered, quite sharply, for the mere vented as much as possible since there has n PI • ease inspect some evening and you will see the lock gave an address upon " The supreme thoice," ot ; for the past two years. As vital questions lay before prizes in the first year technological examination. I went up to her elbows. In all she had thought of any one treating a poor dumb ani- been a society formed, known as the Royal e -necessity." A reSOlution was Passed,' asking the Gas " Choose ye ehis day whom yo will serve." Allusion ; them they would do well to return his services at the With reference to the branch technicalschools, or what ; two tablets of Cuticura Soap, three e mal cruelly sends the angry blood mushing to Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani- Committee to provide the necessary lamps in the was made te Joshua and his great experience-and the : heed of the Association. they used to call the evening schools, they had to ! boxes of Cutioura Ointment (some of vicinity of Grappenhall-roada-The following rerlom- confidence he placed in his God.-.mhe Chairman led the : Councillor SILELLAND Seconded, Mr. Hirm, Mr. report steady progress in the number of those examined. I which is still left), and one bottle of my cheeks, and sets me asking myself who mats. , CLA.RA DAIL reendations of the Lighting Committee were read by prayers end the lesson was read by the Secretary, miss 'l' I .i.HROSSELL, and Mr. ISHERWOOD supported, and the The numbers were not so great of those who entered I Cuticura Pills.. There has been no dares to' do such a thing. But, nevertheliss, . -mie__ I return of the distressing eruption and , she is now working regularly, Mrs. it is done eVery day of our lives, but only by God' made everything far some purpose, and -Ir. J. Whitley : (1) that a lamle be Placed' in Walton- Hamer sang one ef , Sankey's hymns, " The beautiful proposition was unaniniously aereed too. the school, but the percentage who passed on to I road, in front of Mr. EdgetleY's gate ; (2) that the gate." Mr. Payton presided at the organ. The Seore- . Mr. HICKMAN, in repl- 1 "li d h b a y, tem e t e mem ers, an• examination was greater. He thought that on the whole 1 ignorant, ungrateful wretches, who do not if this was remembered. we should wait to Present larnp at the bottom of Chapel-lame, be removed tary gave a hearty welcome to four new members. particularly the committee, for the loyal support they they might congratulate themselves, and the return seemed to kim to be a satisfactory one. Margaret Doxey, 43, Broad St., Leek. - Staffordshire, June 19, 1907." know the w-orth of the poor, unfortunate crea- see each purpose. For instance, boys throw: and placed on the footpalle at the bottom of Walton- - had given him. Ile was mtisfled with the progress ,1 he Rev. J.. DAVIES seconded. tures. The dog, for instance. What would the stones at dogs. Do you think if they remetti- f,?,r, ; (3) tint a lamp be placed in Walton-road in the , Bewsey-road Ilieseyan Church. . Send to nearest deProt for free Cutie shepherd do without his dog ?' He would be bered' God 'had; a reason to create them, they This church was again favoured with a visit from the that tee association bad made, both as regarded the , senw, near the Vlearoge.-The recommendations were membership and the finances. Ito wished to emphasize Mr. UNSWORTH said there seemed, to be a. greater 1 curaßookonTreatment of Skin Diseases. at a loss to know what to do, for his sheep would do such horrid, wicked thinerS? Let us Rev. Edward Davidson, the cennexional evangelist, on percentage of failures in the mechanical engineering I • --0--- -reed to. It was- decided to request that the : the fact th t the Pt' 1• th t • 1 ; , a y were non-po Ima , cm me Sim) v would be scattered about everywhere, and he consider what. it is to be kind. Is it to throw-. Sunday. The day was of special interest, for it was -- -- denartment than in any other ea othes line po3ts in Whitetleld-road should be removed •as property owners and for the protection of their own • s • . I , Would grow frantic for fear sonie should be stones at poor dumb animals ?Itis no such The Rev. Canon STEVENSON said he could offer no I • - s they were an efesore as well as an obstruction. recognized throughout Methodism as " Children's • interests. They wished no harm to anyone. During JET MOTHERS KNOW , ~ lost ; but with his faithful deg he feels no thing.• To be kind• is• to serve- every one as, Sunday," and it was also the occasion of the 33rd explanation. It had been noticed before and with , GS ' the past year there had been no explosions or earth- I uneasiness, for, with one word from its master, you would like to be treated yourself. Horses s . • anniversary of Bewsey-read church. There were large ' quakes ; they had done their work quietly and had not !egret. Examinations varied and sometimes they got , ,nardep papers. It must have been some cause of that 1 That a warm bath with Cuticura Soap the dog will collect , all the sheep together, and are treated cruelly very often when. they n THE WISE WILL LISTEN. conereeations and Mr. Davidson's discourses were much b p appreciated. Oa Monday evening he delivered his I 1 trod on the toes of aneone. Considering that the association were endeavouring to pt otect the interests kind. and a single anointing with Cuticura, • the great Skin ,Cure. and purest and so prevent any from straying, Then there is always ought to be treated- welL ',Some are' a popular lecture on " bad tempers and how to cure lof the whole of the property ovvners,he considered that . THE STAFFING OF SCHOOLS. relief and refreshing sleep for skin-tor- , sweetest of emollients, will afford instant the gentle she\ep and the horse. See how they worked when they have wounds, which cause - 0 ltfr. PAIRCLOUGIT said that one of the teachers of the 1 tured babies, and rest for tired, worn- help us to live comfortably.' - See what warmth them. pain.. How would the' money-making Ask a sick man about health. them." The attendance was not very great, the ! instead of having only three-fifths of them'fts members e When '' ' 'th I 't 1 Licensing Bill being ES strong counter-attraction. The 1 they should all corne into the association and Parochial School,Miss Polly Taylor, had been appointed, and food we get from the sheep, and hrow much driver like to work when_ire pal,n? He does it „ you ve lost it, en you CLOW 1s va ue. s ! matte it a strong body of ratepayers and property to Fairfield School, and no one had been appointed to out mothers when all else fails. Rev. E. 13. Keeling presided ia the unavoidable , hard labour the horse saves us. How can any because he shall have money. If he loved a 'alc a cured man about his cure. Mere, mem a/metered, ay a Newton-le- absence of Dr. Bennett, who had been announced one be cruel to them. They are not without his animal as much: as he loved money, would . to take the chair. The Rev. E. Dtvidsan said ' owners, not in order to be antagonistic to, but to help succeed her at the Parochial School, because there were . Complete External and Internal Treatment for a Willowß your ques 1 ' forward the progress of the town. He would not to be a certain number of scholars to a certain number Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults sensation. They have eitactlY the same feel- he do it?' Well,' it is horrible to think of it. „ s man. consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the ~Skin. Cuti- a retract anything he seid at their last annual meeting. of teachers. Thtt, he contend.3d, was not in the best 1 3.,,,,i,r.. Henry Griffths, 17, Derbv-row, Vulcan, Newton- there trete occasions when anger was a eacred duty cure Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticura Re- ings that we have, - Only the other day I saw Just then let us try to• show our kindness ter , Y -- ivillows says : -"I have usea Demat's pills on seYeral St. Paul said "Bo ye angry and sin not " and the soni There was one charge levelled at them which he corn- interests of education. The class into which the : solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. a person thrash hie dog mercilessly for really all dumb animals we. meet. . Hew 'often we no cause -at all. The poor, dumb creature ; bated, and he had no reason to withdraw what he said. scholers hitherto taught by Miss Taylor were to be! liveglidas. li All: fetgroc•nurg, : Cht-glergf.gieSir kr see poor cats starving. I 'think We could Man- theasions When I have caught cold in my kidneys, and that could not feel righteous indignation in the face of megged would become extremely large and ho protested ' 5, nue It was a charge that the association were the stumbling ge is PaixL Australia, R. Towns dr Cot t•le medicine always does me good. I am susceptible glaring injustice was just as defective as the marl with I whined piteously, arid looked uP into his cruel. age to prevent this, either by kindly, yet 5 te° hackache-overe cold goes to m 9 back, and the con- a with a mitheeed muscle. They had very little ' , block to the progress of Warrington. lie.denied that against the adoption of such a hard and fast lino. Tly ;Alt le. : 7,5., Africa,. Lennon, Ltd., Cape Town, etc.. r DrUE ,A,Chcm. corpe sole Proem, master's- face with such a mute, appealing strongly, speaking to its owner, or by supply- a „ quence is I get darting pains in my kidneys ; the syrnpathy with with that man who had no emotion when !they were, or ever had been. Since that tune the town The Rev. Canon STEVENSON said he had frequently ,i Boston; ''''''' 1 tPIIIIIrY system is affected, too, the secretions being he saw anoother man kicking his wife, or a mother beat- ,I had progressed mere than it had ever done duting the expressed his sympathy with the same viems. All the 1 - ea look in his eyes, as if he would say, " Why ing it with a little food -horn our own cupe 0 ice and s Id. " - Dean's Pills, however always clear nig her child. There were some of .theru to-day who I previous 22 years he had been here. Nearly every week members of the Schooleganagement Committee would I tee . ca me. • FAMILY DISPUTES. do you beat me, dear-master? How have I • boards or plates. Let us all sinew our tittle r: "" secretions, and ease the pain in my baek. needed more energy end fibre in their indignation I for the past few months there had been improvements be delighted to staff the schools on a more generous ,t.. offended? " What better proof than this dan- Portion of • kindness to dumb anifnals, then it e ,f`.,.7 am pleased to recommend the pills, and always do, , against wrong. Some people were very tuna like gun- lof some kind. They had had 'a new " Parliament " scale, Mit their hands,were tied. It was only necessary ' -- we want to show .us that they give forth the may be many will follow our example. Then ; ' f hear anyone complaining of backache. i powder-they. had only to apply the match, and they built in the park for the old men, they had to mentron theword ' rates." (Laughter.) They had County CfrArt lintiniq at WarPialita ~ ..-- ... --- ----,....3. very indications of suffering that we do I That let us not merely do it -as an example, but be- . You have my perraissieu to P'eliiiii what I have 1 had an explosion. Then tho second kind of teruper was I had a new post office, there had been a. reduction! to be as carefulas they could. It waa fair to the cam- 1 At the VVarrington County Court on Thursdey, before they put on the same aspect de terror on the cause "it is right to play our part in the .laid • -.- hat the staflin* of the Prrochial school • mittee to say t . p , . , c., .> for the benefit •of others. (eigned) Henry ;the peevish or fretful nature. People who suffered from lin the price of gas and electricity, ' and there I his Honour Judge Shiresa Will, KC., Joseph Massey 23, demonstrations of a menaced.. blew and that world of men." Oh, if all were to do a little wilt ths.". 1 this were very easily annoyed and very diffieult , had been a wonderful improvement at the top , was as generous as it was in the great majority of ; Selby-street, sued his son Walter vf rh 111 I ' th r assey, ewa . ane, ey . exhibit the. same distortions of agony to prevent cruelty to God's•animals, how much e 5 e.boan's Backache Kidney Pills are:two shillings and ,to please, Passionate men were generally strong end lof Bridge-street. Warrington was slow hut sure. schools in the neighbourhood. for the return of certain articles of furniture or their after it is inflicted / Harshness and cruelty nicer it would be. Let us do as much as we 9 tlnePence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and • robust, but the fretful people were weak and effeminate. If the circus at Market-gate was to be in keepine. with FEEDING. OF SCHOOL CdILDRMN In - va e 27 'Gs. 61. Mr. 'l'. S. Steel appeared for the are not the thines to win their lave. It will can ; do our best, and -nothing more will be- e minelsence). Of all chemiste and stores, or post free, I The peevish man never blamed himself for anything that Um architecture at the top of the street they would be Aldermen EaersoN in movi gth ad pt•o- •of th plaintiff and Mr. C. IL Unsworth re resented the P P often turn them against you, but when expected. • FLORENCE E. DARE. t -4;_jr,!ut .from Foster-McClellan CO., 8, Wells-street, ! went wrong-he was like the bad workman who blamed proud of the good old town, and they hoped that as School Attendance Committee"; mi:utes°salidrithe com°- •i defendant. e e'er i ' his toole Then tie, d-s.reet, London, W. You are sure to get the • • • the third kind wes the sulky temper. soon as pessible the four main arteries of Warrinmton mittee avere making the necessary arrangements for I Mr. Steel said the plaintiff was married some fifty P • rompted by kindness they will show great --4 • f • 'eet medicine if you ask distinctly for DOAN'S. It was strong men who were passtonate, the weak who would be widened if it could be done without raising the preparation of meals for school children, but he yeam ago and defendant was the youngest child. About lidelltY• A story is told of how a man. wish- Animals are part of our surroundings, and , 3 its. were peevish, but it was the phlegmatic, who vvere rialky the rates. There had also been a great improvement at I hoped they would not have many •to provide fur. He Christmas last, the defendant was married and in' the ing to rid himself of his dog, took it in a we can at least ttreat them kindly. They will -the man wbo had a liver and knew it. (Laughter.) Bridge Foot, the corner where there had been a number small boat far out on the river. He had in- repay our affection, if we love them, in many _ should be pleased if there were none. At the same fellowing March plaintiff's wife, for some reason best t IVARRINGTON WOMEN'S CIRCLE. Passion was like a scratch, but sulkiness was like a deep lof accidents having been rounded off. This would tend , time they had to be prepared. (Hear, hear.) I known to herself, left the plaintiff and went to live tended to drown it, but had not the remotest ways. A robin or a bullfinch, in a state of t IV __— festerine e wound. Sullernets was like the fire which Ito secure the safety of the inhabitants. The Arplen Mr. PLINSTON seconded and the minutes were agreed with the defendant.• During the plaintiff's absence at idea- how to proceed, until a bright idea struck semi-starvation in the .winter, will, if fed with r rs. Garnett presided at the meeting on Sunday and t took some time to kindle, but burned a long time- I railway bridge was aeother improvement, and it had to. work she reMoved certain furniture including a bed him., Seizine an oar, he struck the dog several a few bread crumbs, sing and chirp its thank- cfter 3 tmred prayer. The members rallied well to hoar an sullenness was like valet the doctor's called ; been one.of the most marvellous engineering feats ever VIE BOLTON COUNCIL SCHOOL. bedstead and chest of drawers. In 'June the old lady 'Ol l' OWS on tle head so forcibly that the poor fulness most joyfully. How do tamers train i of theevice•presi- " compressed gout "-it seemed driven into h s tatt sees from Mrs. C. E. Pgrker (one ; ~, I _ , . . t e gttem per , . e I formed in the town - There had also' been great .... .... ceased to reside with the defendant and went to her thing yva% almost stunned, and, what was the wild animals of the prairies and jungles ? - ' sir rAIRCLOUGH moved tho confirmation of tho a- %.:-'ct )on "Builders of Life." Her till& was rich in . and was most difficult to dislodge. Of , tho noprosemeats in the Fish Market. Twelve months ago . • 1 mimried daughter, a Mrs. Simpson, taking ono or two worse, the boat was turned completely over. Why, thee-. by various kindness-es, win the t thge'estive ideas in comparing " house-building "to the ; three types he would prefer the pissionate man Ibe advised the powers that .be to cleanse the town t fh S• minu es.o t e ttes and Buildings Committee. e I things with her. Ten days afterwards she died and the s'klin" of ce r cter the keynote being that what I now as to the cure. Bad temper sometimes arose f•rom• ' ,of all. the smells they could. The conveniences Councullor LORD seconded and,alluning to the minute I defendant had been requested to return the fernite oe The man shrieked wildly, but none save the animal's affection, and although they cannot sweits Ze ' a ' i d reward and set vice ' physical causes, and ther I in' the Mark t Place had been a disgrace. They that " the committee paid a visit of inspection to the wretched dog heard his ery, and although half- completely quell the animal's ferocity, yet it it ig 0 s eyond in deve opment an e was an intimate connection • e but declined to part with anything except the bed and I t of ' bet th b d ,„,., s now. Th-ere will belsunply an en argemen . ; ween oo y and the raind. If the body was but had now been removed, and others of a more Bolton Council School prior to Its being taken over bedstead, although there vvas no suggestion that the ' deed with pain and fatigue, the dog caught submits to the :trainer's wishes in time. . Doge ' - from the architects and the•contractor," asked whether , se etent possibilities. Miss Carrie Hastings sang with ;of order, the nerves shattered, and the health impaired modern character had been, and were being,- goods belonged to him. ; him by the collar and dragged him into safety. will mourn in their way for a dead master e areet ex •e C t Him " and another smog ' that had a great effect upon the mind. A ' built. The sewers had been cleansed, altered, the visit to the school was satisfactory. me pression ome un o good deal The defence was that the chest of drawers was How ashamed the man must have felt. A or mistress who loved them, by remaifeing by 5 ee the girls' choir gave" A Wave of coming Glory." 1 depended upon what they ate. He was told once of a and trapped, and the smells which existed had Mr. UPSON : What steps di.d the Committee take to . bought by defendant's mother and eiven to him shortly society has 'lately been formed for th P a re_ the grave until dragged away in. an to:won- t Tw t• 0 sPecial and most successful meetings have been ;man who hadl'or his supper some cold beef, cold ham, , been stopped, with the result that that part of the town satiefy themselyes that their intentions had been ' f her death. He d 'd h '''' Ibe ore . . eine lying possession of vention of Cruelty to Animals. Let us hope it scions-state. • 9 sell Vl' ,o; ~.. ms week in connection with the visit of Miss cold tongue, some cucutnhersand three muffins, and who was sweeter now than ever it had been since it was a 0 ed out ? Was there any examination of the roof some of the articles claimed. r (-y ;_--;is, T ag, 8.A., fro.rn the M.sderation of. Working ' woke np the next morning in a temper-and no wonder. fish market. These were only a few of the improve- cntlas it a mere oa.sual visit a walk' dto et* fa; I will do some good. I, for one, earnestly hope Wordsworth, in . his poeni, " Fidelity," tells that the builiiin s mg rra Li a• 'lBt :•? ' After hearing evidence, his Honour gave judgment so. Alth I I h oug 1 ave no pets of nly own, I how a man and his dog set forth to travel t tta':ll Clubs with. which the circle is affihate.d. The (Laughter.) But bad temper arose chiefly through mente that had been carried out. Was it not remarkable , t the committee g were n e spo , for the plaintiff for the return of the goods within l' • e Is is evangelical and thoroughly unsectanan, and I moral causes. Thomas Carlyle had bad health and a . that, if the association were the obstructionists elleged, au,., er . ts, .ht ) I seven days, or payment of their 1 hich he assessed va ue, Vi, °ye all, dumb creatures, and would not wil- through a very wild and desolate megion. Thee an Mr. FAIRCLOUGH said he did not know whether the et R,,r- fully harm one. Nature has been good in giv. man fell down in some way, and was killed. r eady the Women's Circle numbers all denominations bad temper, yet in ono of his truer and nobler moods I all those things had taken place during the year ? The 1 Vlaang its members. On Monday afternoon, Mrs. John !, he laid Ms finger on his sullenness when he said " Were I association ought to get a little oredit for lying quiet. roof was examined. The committee never drea tof ' al . i Another case was heard in which Ada Irene Ann lug us such useful gifts, and the only way the dog remainingeby the body of its master. , - o.ueee presided at the Mothers' Union, and the subject ; I right in my heart there would be nothing wron. with 1 About a year ago the rates were reduced to 7s. in the n. t ' t" 't L eht T getting on oa. ( am, er.) hese wore matters. tor ; Looker, 115, Winwick-road, sued William Looker her we can repay her is by using her gifts as Time went on, until the skeleton is the only, , t Miss Tong's talk was " Looking-glasses: the face , me." The best way to cure te:nber was by yailding The association then congratulated the Council, as it which the architects were responsible. The committee] husband, and Harriet Looker, her mother-in-law, '166, she intended them to be used. remains of the man; the dog still faithfully,: cie • thought the inspection was generally satisfactory. I t e_ index to character." In a humorous way she oneself into the hands of the great physipan-Jesus ' was very satisfactory to them, and especially to the Wellfleld-street, for the return of certain articles belong- BEATRICE ARNOLD.. minding its master's remains, and foraging tal.ettinced the effect of our different faces upon our Christ. . owners of cottage property. Since that time the rates ALTERATIONS OF THE TECHNICAL SCHOOL. I ing to the plaintiff and detained by the defendants, or for its own food. A man comes across this el ads. The following musical items were given :- The lecturer was heartily thanked on the propoeition had gone up Sci. in the .2, and he , did not see how tho At Et meeting of the Sites and Buildings committee ' their value Si IGs. aud .21 10s. damages for detention. Bb•e k• d t • 1 y eine, in o anima s, we can, esen the „ . _ .. ' ' ghastly scene and rescues the faithful dog . . :let, "Co • t ale " Misses Bates and Tynan ; songs, •of Wee Rev. B. KEELING. i ~, . me en o , i Corporation could carry oa the work of the town at a i the tenders which had been received for the carr in•e' I -Mr. A. BroMne appeared for the plaintiff. Mr. C. H. ~ etehe river of years" and " The coming of the King," less figure. What they wished to say was, " Please ; out of the alterations at the Techniaal Institute rYver*e Unsworth for Harriett Looker, and Mr. I'. S. Steel fo smallpst of us, get numerous friends. Birds, trom isolation. , , . , , elan Maggie Heywood, and two mandoline solos " The t don't mat any more on," especially in view of the ' opened,and it was reset ved that the tender of Mr.R.W. Wm. Looker. t eats, dogs, horses, and everything Imagin- The police have authority to prosecute any- , erance March h and "La Serenata "by Miss 'Sophie TRY THIS TO-DAY. unemployment and slackness of trade. He hoped the Collin amounting to £2,925, be accepted. Mr. Brownesaid the articles were a mail cart, blue able :can be made to love and protect us from. body seen ill-treating any animal. Also, if a horse or a donkey is seen working in an unfit •atworth coming year would be ast successful, and more so, for Mr. PLINSTON said he should like a little more dress skirt, silk sash, baby's teething ring, and set of any of our enemies, if we treat them kindly. state, or drawing loads far beyond its t On Y' , e;„ Tuesday evening a Birthday Gathering was held the association than it had been in the year just con- information about the matter. It appeared to have I jugs. Mr. and Mrs. Vara. Loeker were married in 1903, Even the lion, the great king of beasts, will • gam the President (Mrs. James Dodds), in the chair. A Simple Cure for All eluded. (Applause). been hurried. He should like a definition of the word 1 but unhappy differences arose which ended in a deed oe show affection to any -person who helps It in strength, the owner of the animal is disobey- ae fri eti,, .atures of the evening were two capital speeches. Forms of Nerve and Bodily Weakness. Mr. HICKMAN proposed the re-election of Mr. Lunt e noted " mac! in a minnte, which stated that " tho separation beinm executed on January 4th of this year. any time of need. For instance, the boy who ing the law, and must, therefore, take the con- -, euiS. Tong took as her note "Loyalty" and Miss Costs a' feW Pence. ' as treasurer, and a cordial vote of thanks to him for his question of the provision of school accommodation in When they separ ited defendant took the articles claimed pulled the thorn from the lion's foot was• re- sequences. t eee Jason, Presideet of the Western District Baptist -- past services. He remarked that Mr. Lunt was a good I the borough had been submitted and noted." to his mother's house. William Looker suddenly dis- paid when put in 'its den to be pulled to Bird-nesting ,is a most cruel habit of .many mallien's Federation, who emme at short notice instead The following are amongst the many thousands of financier, and had served them well for six years. I Mr. Famiceoucra said Mr. Collin's tender was the appeared from the town a montkor two ago and his where- pieces ' Althou hth b t I g e eas • was ravenous y boys, who do not realise that every egg they et the advertised speaker, spoke in a racy style on well known and influential people all over the country Mr. PENDLEM-TaV seconded and the resolution Was lowest. Mr. Plinstoii could see the plans at any time! nbouts were not at present discoverable. On January i .'' , blow makes one bird lesss - eta°Peration. They both had a hearty reception. The : who are daily testifying to the unique merits of Do cordially passed. he wished to do so at the Education Office, and they iungrv, yet it remembered the brave voun Ist he wrote to his wife stating that he had arranged - • - ' - tri4er feature was the Birthday Gift, bags into which ; Cassell's Tablets as a cure for weakness, loss of flesh, Messrs. G. Griffithe and .T. H. Gittens were re-elected I would give him more information than he (Mr. Fair- for hee to have the mail cart, but that before he returned lad, and he, to the great astonishment of all DOROTHY ,BUCEINGHAN. lif:litiS had been asked to pnt one ecle for each year of i end nerve. stomach and kidney troubles. Dr. Ramsey bon. auditors and thanked for their work, on the pro- burst) eeuld supply. With reference to the word the dress he would have it cleaned and dyed. As the the people gathered round to see the sight, left .---f--- • ee;tvellig received by'the President. The amount thus , Colles, J.P., L.L.D., 48, Princes Sq., Bayswater, writer:, position of Mr. HARM, seconded by Mr. DATITTITH. " noted," he could only say that the nosolutions of the goods were not received, a visit •,vas paid to Mrs. Harriet the boy unharmed, touching not a hair of his All dumb animals should .be,treated kindly,. retail Was £l, which goes towards building a suitable I" a safe and reliable remedy for nerve and bodily weak- The following were elected the committee :--Messrs. Education Committee were read to the Sites and Looker's house, and Mrs. Looker said she had sold the head. All creatures, even the smallest of ' for they cannot speak and say when they are ' mien' for the Circle. The programme was as follows 1 ness." Major Gen. Sir John Campbell, C. 8., 4, Park W. Hickman, R. Lunt, T. Burton, J. Skelland, R. Taber- Buildings Committee, and that was the notification. mail cart with her son's consent. It was ascertained them, were sent into the world for some good in agony. • , r b flOe„ ,-Inin and prayer by the Rev. R. E. Letherert :- Place, London, says " remarkably effective." Lady wpod, W. Throssell, R. Lee, T. Hewitt, G. T. Diggle, H, The Committee did not .promise anything, but the • that it han been sold by auction by Messrs. Sutton and purpose, and to stone a harmless cat, or tie Such cruelties as pulling, ,the.feathers out of, a /me' 'Beyond," Miss 1,. Plinston; recitation, " l'he 'Briggs, 5, Charles street, London, says " most Winstanley, A. B. Marsh, W. Cooper, F. J. Carlisle G, resolutions would have their due effect., . I Sons, and realized 275. 6d. It was' not the intrinsic a tin to a dog's tail, is one of the most cruel live geese and cropping the ears of terrier e it, entor's Wife," Miss Gertrude Henshall; song, "Blow ' efficacious." Madame Clara Novello Davies, 143, T. Wilding, J. Walsh, J. Dickenson. W. Daintith, A'. W. Mr. Punnets/ said that further information should value of the goods which the plaintiff looked at. There things any one can do. By being kind to am- dogs' should. be done away . with by fines an& s 'OW 1 , b thou winter wind," Mr. Fred Fieldhouse; song, Sutherland Avenue, London, the famous Welsh prima- Howard, J. Hill, G. E. Mackey, W. Furness, and J. have been supplied to thecommittee before Mr. Collin's I was a kind of sentimental value, bemuse the mail cart mals, you may earn the goed word of all your imprisonuient. A lady in Germany, who is a ', i'rothy mai.,,, miss Dorothy Truslove, encored, donna, writes " safe, pleasant and effective for nerve Buckley. tender was accepted. They had a promise to that was a present from hor mother, and the teething ring friends, whereas a Cruel person gets * be el' is- member of the Society for the Prevention of Tit en'cl better ask me"; violin solo, Miss Dorothy and digestive troubles." Dr. Botwood, Ph.D., 74, WHAT THE ASSOCIATION HAS SAVED. effect. had belonged to plaintiff's great grandmother. erne liked for his or her eruelt to them It would Cruelty to Animals, goes aboue bathing and lan, r• During an interval dainty refreshments Micalegete, York, says " a really trustworthy house- 51'r. Ureswonin : How many additional students Mr. Steel produced the teething ring and sash in y ' Alderman BURTON spoke in eulogistic; terms of the . be good practice for us all to be kind to ani- attending:tee the injuries done- to dogs, horses, te -nged by Miss Lloyd Williams and Miss Booth were hold remedy." I will be accommodated and how much will the cost be Court and said plaintiff could have them. ; ?red • Demi 'ation and said he was of the oninion that they mals, because it, will help' us to be kind to etc., and I, think Fraulein does a veity good., tot ,in the schoolroom. The programme was then Dr. Cassell's Tablets, the family doctor now in ' • • - I per head ? Mr. Browne : Why didn't yort return them before Z.,,eladed ; -song, "A May morning," Miss Dorothy thousands of British homes, can be obtained for 101 d. had been the means of saving thousands of pounds for , I The DIRECTOR' OF EDUCATION replied that they instead of attempting a dramatic scene ? human beings also. MARY EVELYN PARKER, work. ELSIE 1:1; CHAMBERIII4.. . etetleve, encored, "Ilhe Lesson of the Fan"; recitation, Is. red. and 2s. 93., of all chemists. the town. Members of the Association who were in could not definitel sa bow many additional stu e y y ; . .cl nts I His Honour : You had better take as much as you —4-e--- -_m__-, an? the usual wav " Miss Hensball, encored; songs (a) 4. ___ the Town Council had had great weight with the Com ! there would bee but there w ould be a drawing cane can get. " Gentlemen, I can't lie about the horse; As a famous comedian., wen; tiavelling on a, 1,1;1,9011r dear ey, es" (b) "Glorious Devon" by Mr WORKS BOWLING ASSOCIATION. pomtion on certain matters, and they had helped the t Council and that association at the same time. The ! which would probably accommodate 60 students, a Mr. Steel pointed out that he was not in a position he is blind in one- eye," said the auctionew. steamboat he seated himself at the, table and; 1:1c-,-,'4°Ilso, who gave " The Yeoman's Wedding" for an • workshop, a practical woodcarvine shop, a laboratory, to contradict plaintiff's evidence, as defendant could The horse %Yea soon knocked down to a citi- called; for some beefsteak. The waiter fur-. tte "re. 'Mr. George Anderton was the efficient --- association had a great work in front of them. Money • ' a playground, a boundary wall, railings, dressing rooms not be present. It was simply a question of amount. zen who, after paying, said :- nished yllm with a, small strip of the article, 1 neenPanist. Saturday last saw the end of another season, as far was wanted to help the unemployed, and property . lin connection with the gymnasium for the sch,ool, &e, Mr. Unsworth said Mrs. Looker hid only had " You were honest enough to tell me that such as travellers are usually put elf with.. i ....-41,-- as this association is concerned. The Committee held owners would have to find the bulk of iteind it was very i i The Rev. J, YONGE : Was the principle of the Possession of the mail cart and she sold it on her son's this aninsal was blind in one ee. Is there Taking it up on his fork, aud turning it over- y their annual main at the Chapel House, Sankey. Six- important that they should look after their own , ve alterations agreed to by the committee ? I have LIO instructions. If judgment were given against the son ther defect? " - : and examining it with one of his peculiar*, 5 THE NEW BEEF TEA-LW-TB. teen members took part in it, and after some exciting interests. (Applause). recellection of it being discussed and settled here.' alone, the interests of justice would be satisfied. 'an% ie. ; -les, sir, there is. He is also blind in the serious looks, the comedian coolly remarked :---.. games, the winner proved to be E.Tynan who somewhat ' VOTE OF SYMPAMIIIY. The CHA/RAfAN replied that the question was dig- After hearing araurnents as to the value of the . 1-repared solely from Beef and Vegetable. easily disposed of G. Holbrook (the hon. treasurer) in On the proposition of Mr. R. Luse, seconded by Mr , castled at several meetings. Theegreat aim was to et g articles, and evidence from Mrs, Harriet looker con- other eye," was the prompt reply. "Yes, that's it ; • bring nem some." , Makes delicious rich gravies or a cup of strong the mum meter the mit the players sat down to tea ENGLAND the Secretar was instructed to forward ; moro room for the children now attending the sch -I. 0 corning her 'position in the matter, his Honour gave ---4-- —m__ Beef Tea for a penny. Ask your grocer. as the guests of Mr. A. FE Crosfleld, M.P. This was letters of'sympathy withytwo members, Mr. Winstsnley ; Councillor PEINtRERTON thought the General Committee judgment for the plaintiff for the returo of the mail Two old pitmen recently met in a Durham , r followed by a smoking concert, Mr. J. Willett presiding. and Mr. Whittle, in their illness, with an expression of ! were entitled to fuller information, especially as nearly cart, skitt and jugs in four days or payment of 22 ss. village, 'and after the usual salutations the one Mother : " Oh; cloctow, I, Mso glad you has," The toasts honoured were those of " The King and their value. He also awarded Ss. damages for their I said to the- other : " It's., a, lang time sinee COllle.. We -have just had such a scare! Ws, hope that they would speedily recover. 43,000 was to be spent. t - WARRINGTON MALE VOICE CHOIR AT Royal Family." " The President(Captain G.R.Crosfield)" Mr. FAIRCLOUGI/ said the matter had been discussed detention. Judament was given against both defendants. aa've seen ye, Ralphy. Hey ye put ony money thought at first that: J,Plll7.ny had. swaliowad ,Se TO STIMULATE INTEREST. BLACKPOOL. and " The Vice-Presidents." Songs were given by at previous meetings, and he moved' a resolution that Mary Elizabeth Fogg, of Garstommued Mary Ellen away for your aad age? " sovereign."' r Messrs. E. Tynan, G. Holbrook, T. Horrabin, Iko Mr. ISHERWOOD moved that in order to stimulate the plans be referred back for a proper set to be passed Hughes, 51, Longford-street, for the specific return of " wey," was the reply: ‘, an'ye not dynn so Doctor s "And: you: found out thail he __-- Makin H. Holford, G. Ball aad W. Unsworth. The interest in the association the committee meetings tfurnttare valued at 410 10s,-Mr. Browne app hadn't ? " by the committee. lie was in a minority, all the rest eared badly. If. aa wes. te de to-morgow, aa'd be 1 f „in the Ma e c Choir Competition (tenor lead) at . ' '"e 131 e --k I Vl:4.e IFtelS t d th Secretary read the balance sheet, vvhieh showed should be open to all the members, pa that only the voting the other way. Now the members wanted to 1 for the plaintiff and Mr. Steel for the defendant. worth four. pound too a week."' , ilifPille.re: " Xesm il, wes only a shillingat s- MI c pool Musioa es wa on aur ay, re A e-- w-te that during the season, the Committee had committee should vote on qu ' estions discussed. I I bring tho matter forward exactly as he wanted to be I Mr. Browne said plaintiff was the administratrix of the i,t l' three competitors, viz. the Douglas Male Choir- raised from subscriptions, gate receipts, &a., the sum This was seconded by Mr. BAGULEI7. brou.ht forward (iLaughter). estate of her mether wile died on August 21st, 1907. The - --- - ---- ------ --- t Vr,' i'S (conductor, Mr. Noah Moore), Warrington Male ~ I n of £69 7s. 2d. The expenses for medals, prizes, print- Mr. LUNT proposed, and Councillor SNELL AND '" ' '-• d Mr. PtINSTON . h - • believe your amendment was with- 1 son of the deceased subsequently married the defendant ___ • ! .- e Itats-e Choir (conductor, Mr. W. S. Nesbitt), and ing Zl:c totalled £67 133. 5d.. leaving a balance in hand seconded, an amendment that' there should be threel raven, ecianse t ere was a promise that the plans n ' d took her to bile house of his late mother where his ! FLAVOURED WITII RIPE FRUIT TUICES ci 1ii,..,61iam Glee Union (conductor, Mr. E. Hitchon). e 2 of zI Ilos. 9d. In addition the Association had played open meeting, in the year. should be placed before us, and they never have been. a- t I I" L tos er wash so Icing. ater te an as t e sister had , Ire d• d d h • CHILDREN . aetee,,afternoon the text pieces were " The Riderts a charity match with the Eccles Workshops, and the The amendment was adopted. After further discussion, the Du:nee-on or Elmore- left the house the defendant remained in possession of e - e„g. (op. 17), Cornelius ,(specially pnblished for this handsome sum of Ll 4 Bs. Id. had been handed over to THE STRENGTH QF THE ASSOCIATION. , Trott detailed the negotiations pointing out that the he furniture.Plaititiff ver fairly said that if defendant - e) mlval) and the chorus ' Hail, 0 moon I" (op. 18,No. the Nursing Association and the Infirmary. The audi- . ,t , lons had heed before the committee. On the 20th Jul would give up certain artiyolea thei, wou ' Id let 'her keep SLEEP lArk.'4l,l, • CH IVERS' . thi, earl Sibelius, this being the first performance of tors (Messrs. R. Straw and A. E. Burdett) referred to Mr. PENDLEBURY asked if it WaS not a fact that the la) letter was r ived from the Board of Ed t' Y the remainder, but she woad not oansent to that. 1 a ghPart-sone in England. In the evening the chorus the admirable my in which the Secretary and Treasurer association represented the greater proportion of the conve ing the a proval of the plans and the Suurcaveronr Mr. Steel, for the defendant, did not dispute the hen they are healthy and their _, . a kid E",.,90ng of the robbers" (op. 44,N0. 3),Weingartner, had done their work, and said as long as the Association assessments of the town ? He thought it should be was iynstructedpto prepare the ' VC db - I claim but submitted that it was not a ease for specifie W quan i les an o ta n e. . „ teem atlgar's " The Reveille " were rendered. The could boast of two such officials there need be no fear made known that the actual membership in figures did tenders for carrying out the work. on the 31st August return as the defeedant had had to sell some of the food is doing its proper work. - e, Tun L.etreme ;-" An excellent Jelly*. poesessingm 9:' tater eletained in theafternoon were : Doeglaes, 74-71, about the result of their work.-Votes of thanks were not represent the strength of the association. I the committee gave authority for the advertisement to goods to maintain herself and baby. THE I3EST FOOD IS ' flavour of quite a natural charaater."; r ram., 14e ; Warrington, 60-60, total. 12e ; H b a rg"ra, passed to the Chairman of the Committee (Mr. J. The PRESIDENT said that going into matters they be issued inviting tenders for carrying out the work. Mr. Browne said damagea were not chanted. If an • 14 'O, total 14' Only the latter maintained their form -.„ the 4. . . , .-. . av niett),. the Hon. Secretary (Mr. W. Patrick), the Hon. found the association represented two-thirds of th , .. „ a am. n. ISOBERTS said it would appear that the whole order were made, unless defendant could show good ve 5s _ , eeto evening, when the marks awaraea were . mougitas Treasurer (Alr. G. Holbrook) and the auditors.-The i assessments, and since that was ascertained they had thing had been perfectly in order, and it seemed a pity cause why she should not return the furniture' the 41. lietate total 128 ; Warrington, 67-68 ; total 13a ; Treasurer said it had been a pleasure to work with a , added ten or a dozen members to their number. Many Ale ael • ~od , ..,....m... JELLIEr. Fo tptgo out talf.their wa_y, after so fraquently measting.the reucldoulte prrooeveeedteda aginiensot _if_ eshaerttiseosbeye_dilt,nbustolif iii _ • .4,rce'rrißhara, 74-71, total 115. Habergham Glee Union secretary like 111 r. Patriok, and he hoped the Association !of their members were • big property owners, and, • Si es and Buildings Committee for want of attention, a Icll3 h t rth I had e d I'' 'llO \,. lngly won the trophy (the holders of which were would long have him to 1111 that position.-The Secret although them did not attend the meetings, were heart to criticise them now that they had done something for the benefit *of herself the plaintiff would probably ate Mr tealechester Orphans Glee Society), the full marks tary said he was prepared to continue the work, and the and soul in the movement. Some works were also . . - , i which entitled them to credit. (Hear, bear an give vvay. TI-IP FAMILY DOCTOR SAYS :--" We have nothing which for rrtore than So years has t `aln nn .., ed being : Habergham,29o; Donglas,273 ; Warring- I !fact that ha was endeavouring in a small way to make represented. laughter.) His Honour made an order for the return of the - 4t ,41 14 „'. "g.L.," of the "Manohester Guardian" writes:- , the lives of Isis fellow-men happy, amply repaid him - THE GUARDIANS' PRIVATE FUND ACCOUNT. : The CHAIRATAN : When one finds he has been remiss oods within six days. with casts. - helped to, preserve and buildup the . hut ungnaiified praise, fo3 they are Absolutely tetteeue principal male voloe competition, much to for his efforts.-The Chairman said that whether elected m - ion of in hie own work he usually seeks to put the blame on • young life of the Country. When Pure and free from aduleeration." snt "ociv's loss, the Manchester Orpheus Choir did not to the position of chairman again or not,he would always .. rt. WILDING raised a dliscussion on the quess,t d rid he someone else. (More laughter.) e CHILDREN'S CHEST TROUBLES. ,- prepared according to the direc- et • huarlians' Pr.ivate und Account, ,an qsr,i ' Mr. Nesbitt, their conductornook a Warrington me do his best fertile Assoctiation.-A letter was read from ttr u bo tth ' The minutes were the d t n agree o. • oug tit was time they knew something a u e 1 ' , CHWERS & SONS, Ltd n6n,r' Sod gave a nerfo r- - -Tatum which had same af,— Id W C pb ll thanking the committee and o Metals A safe and certain Cure in tions given, it is eaeily dimestedand .* laticaCteristio incisiveness of his Manchester singers, fort.. . am' 3' . bcl d ta th the way in which they a con ue e e games on matter. He suggested that the Secretary should be I tinthorired to wri to the Cl rk of he Guardians te e t . s 0- VENO°.S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. , assimilated by the most delicate . tmtneither this choir nor the Habergham men did all his reen hich brouelet a pleasant outing to a close. : demanding that the matter should be discussed in _______ ' hlfant and forms , _ HISTON, CAMBRIDG E. "moteett...-114 have been done with Elgar's 'The Reveill4."' g, rvs er , , mom__ public, and also to the Local Government Board, inform- . Mr. Henry J. Rolls, The Grove Lodge, Malpas, New- , A COMPLETE DIET. , _ i . e th t the THE LIVERPOOL ND , ~, . , , ~,. .. ne th m that such a fund had extsted, and a ; A NORTH WALES STEAM- ' - FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM port, Mon., writes :-" Our little boy suffered for In I/. & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets. . --, ~0- me.. eeetteereere eme- et -eet• em eata- Meteate----•••-,--•-- I ' Guardians refused to di FACTORY. egtom Arleta • • Metig-gtoe !,„•,,,t a '''Z''' -.-ete,t_ „I-ft • neteaketesemoomemeem otia ers t omormemem, ommeme g. egm e . . . seuss it in public. I SHIP CO., LTD. sears with bronchitis and a chronic; cough, and I tried ; — , o .e. ~ me -; --,„:„•,.„3,,,,T,A- ~ .4„...„. .: ,*. 1t...,,,..VErv,,5t: . ~ , ' ~, ,-, , a.. L.,l„:_L., -3(....A.,.,.N.,:4-,,,;„siv.r, Mr. LLNT advised for the pre.sent they should have , .„ . ~ , _ i The 18th annual report of the directors of tbe Liver- endless cough syrups, ernbrocations, and doctor's medi- - . - • - . , _ ... . -.elm . e tee 2 -- ee • --- •-el 7-- •'''. . e !0' •rT ~,_ g t e g esti , ~ e, a , „Malts' .ge etemeM am nothin to do with h u on. It had been under 1 N hW 1 S your great remedy, and _______ . ~;.Ntlf: ,V 4,701 At,' w , '.' --- 'iv -. _, ~'r,o ,' 1' '-'. :. consideration b the committee and the were awaitin e' f\i Y , Y g poo and ort ta es teamship Co., to be presented eines in vain. At last I tried ,at the nineteen h ordinary general meeting, to be held noticed an improvement nfter two doses only, and one DR.: BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS 200 YEARS A SECRET. • • '''''.- ' ' 'w• ';' . .7". ' . M•r. ' *k•- --t-' - 4-- •'' ' , -rne.4 de ei t - e velopments. ... . - . e.--e'eme. ' te ~,, tte..i.4 'on Tuesday the 27th inst. states :-The various large bottle effected a radical cure. It also cured him 'M` e„ .e et- -Vet alderman BURTON said the point was whether the branches ath , . BAret a'new remedy, Which have a marvellous 0'4.0 is curing GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES ,eusse privately or publicly by the . e ''. , i' .-.- -M: • ‘-• 'See ' e'W'4.- -' et ~ . ll'"A- -...t"). ''' .0,--,"' .r., - matter should be die d • ... AC.: . e com an s sem,' b ho ' h and a sure that Ven p 57 co have been performed of aad w oping coug , I m o's drill:ache Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has een „•. •. .*:- '':-i. .v,,,--l. if? m• ": mem -, e 1 .T., , .- 4., ,-- . A Guardians,and he did not think the point had been settled. Il'l - ' ' h r ularit and t wit .oter defLctin . be steamer nye been well ke t Li htnin Cou h Cure saved m boy's life." s h p g g g y iseases'of.the Kidneys, Src. If you suffer take one pellet • h the results. After a few doses kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in al/ ir s• ... g the sum of £4,809 14s. for depre- Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the mutest remedy brec times a day, and %sate s• . ,s ' A 7 I.v,- . -,6 •••.,... 4•S" > ' —,3, 4., ' From what he heard the Guardians were waiting for 'T.. terrible imin cases of . WOUNDS CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and n re, . elation the amount available for dividend and other for all chest and lung troublee, price 9td., ls. lid. and youiwill have forgotten that you ever knew Ole .. --, , , .• r „.., .0; some information before they went into the whole ques- lit Backache, &c. all SKIN TROUBLES. .. p poses, including the balance brought forward from 2s. 9d.. of all che i m sts. hat once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most 3 ~• ,' .... ...., tion.• Write at once enclosing t a stamps forma box or 33 stamps *, ' ~ •• , ,OW rl''' ' '''''''" 1/N.ov, PW ' last season, is 13 435 15e. 4d. out of which the directors • a , or 3.boJces to delicate skin, In many cases of very long standing it has .3 I , • ' • -4...:.,, %.,_.1,,i _A. .1.--...,t.. -g,r 'T.III: .0.A.,,;..„'1T, 7,.,V1•it,44, Mr. WILDING : Those who pay the piper ought to ' • recommend the payment of a dividend of 4 per cent. quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frac for , , 'llit7 Sl,-... '' 3t,:ri:l4 l'''' '''''' V '''''''4“- '''. , I ' 4,/,..)a call the tune. I DR. BAKKR'S MEDICINE CO.. I4stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH :- j ':-..."-. .".• .• ' '.4.4,.. '15m5..T.3-- • -91;;V3:42 .:*, , -1-P,'l;W:fr frg""tAX) .;,•:.Z'''&', The CHAIRMAN : Who pays the piper ? 'per aunum, free of income tan, carrying forward a 63, NELSON SQVARIII, SOUTRwARE, LONDON, 0 '. . _. , -•... . -•-: .-: 7',,,,,,t,'';.W.7.;41,-..,- ~V;l„,i?%-:;,, ,4-',": :piviiAl.rAt:: -.ill 414,*.iT, . ..,:d4,:-<6:F.- Mr. WILDING : I fancied I paid a little towards it. balance of RBB7 Iss. . 4d During the past year Mr. W. ; --- • '• • • -- . • ----; et: '-' , . ••;- ;11 ';'s•V:t*l4r4.l:',..4llkeeVe .'ist,tefesettli:'-'-a;:r:!;e7l.=''..-6*kil.:•• "e.44.4m • 1 111. Rhodes retired from the directorate. It is not h I intended to fill the vacancy caused by his retirement. . HAIRMAN : len are not sure about tat yet. • , The directors retiring by rotation are Mr. T. E. Barlow Councillor SKELLAND objected writing to the Guar- li el ps you to eat and feeds you: diens at the present time, and the meeting took no and Mr. W. H. D.odd, who are eligible for re-election. , The retiring auditors, Messrs. Chalmers, Wade and Co. action. I realso eligible for re-appointment.

-

===== 0002601_19081024_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD EVERYWHERE. ea) 1/11, 2/9, 4/6, ma 111. • „Yrbridg° • LUNG TONIC wR. , Eon COUGHS, COLDs, BRONCHITIS, ASTIa liT . o.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
-

-

I

I

I

I

I

. ..d

7:," be anutter &tries

OP WERE-END NRWSPAPHRS COMPRISES : .111118 WARRINGTON a MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. I. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymtn, ac., being one of the Largest and Bost Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- rises %large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance- hire and Olid-Chcshire. mini RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers.

riIHEI WIDNES BEINEINBE published every Saturday 1 morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town. in the Kingdom, and Is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rrali EARLESTOWN AND NEWTONI ISEAMINEE. 1 published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows. I4o(borne, Havdock. Lowton. &a. The district thus norise.l is s most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields.

prig ST. IIgrARS EXAMINER, published every -I- Saturday moralnz, circulating itt St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton. Prnsley Cross. Am —the centre ot the Glass, Chemica and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. AP/LI-MUERTE waNnr. IK)USES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET, 'HOUSES TO BE SOLI?. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. LETICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Rix Thirteen ffonle. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 84. ... Is. 34. ... Es. Od. ... Is, 94. El ... Cs. 93. ... Is. 104. ... 31. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. Od. ... Is. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 6e. Od. 45 ... le. &I. ... 3.., 14. ... ss, Od. ... 72. Cd. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. 8. ... 6s. Od. ... 10e. Od.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
nonteMft OerbantO, etc.

11-I.AST3D, good GUNBILAL SURVANT.—AppIy JAMES BRLDE, New Cut, Masai!, near Ormsklrk.

IV ASTIR), youna GRSIIIRAL sys chllarcn ;poi home. V —SCOTT, 29, Stanley st., Cheetbarn, Manchester.

WANTIID good GIiNICHAL, 15 to 20; three In family.— Write Biro. lituaanAvzo, 12, Church it., Adllngton, Lea CS.

INANTED at once good GENERAL. Good character require I.—Addrest, 15 GRIMSZAW ST., Preston. BR) agents.

NVANTBD GUTTURAL where nurse is kept; family four; no washing.—Apply evenings, 494. Stretford rd., Manchester.

WANTED. young WOMAN as GHNHEAL SERVANT ; family 2 ; small wash, good wages.-27. WITILINGTON BD., Manchester.

WANDS') GBARRAL. Must have good references. A good home.--Apply 0. S. HENLEY', 43, Milnrow pd., Rochda'e.

WANTED, a strong GENERAL, able t 3 wash, iron, and TV bake —Acktress, Mn. RCBBB. The Vicarage, Haslingden, near Manchester.

WAITRRSS or 11017SIMAID-WAITRUSS, experienced.— Apply by letter, ktatlng full particulars.— 2. , Evranyille, lluyton.

ANTBD experienced GBNERAL. Good plain cook. mall family. Wages 00.-15irs. ALAN REYNOLDS, itdaghnl7, Liverpool.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT, one from country preferred with reference.—Apply BOAR'S HEAD HOTEL, Tyldeeley.

WANTED, at onee, resnectable GBITEBAC, ; good refer- ences necessary. Three In farnily.—Apply by letter Z, Beswick rd., Northwicn.

WANTED capable GENERAL ;over 30 ; all duties; part washing out ; small family; goad home.—W 00D, 228, Tong Moor rd., Bolton. Lancs. •

IIITANTBD COOK MINIMAL, 3 In fsnally, reliable good T references. experienced.—Apply THE Moonoes, Bamfleld. Crmston,3lanchester.

WANTED, a respectable person shoot 27, as GENHEAL Servant, Good home.—Addreas, 400Dwt$, Horse Shoe Hotel, Levensholme, Manchester.

ANTBD.—COOK-3,RNI{RAL aged 2C-20. Three In VT mlly, nurse-housemsld kept.--dpply Mrs. JORDAN, St. James' Vicarage, La,hora. Ormskirk.

WANTED HOUsEKEEPER in Farmhouse. To under. VT take baking, dairy and general dutlea. Stele Salary.— I. Timmy]. Measbill Farm. Tong, kit:dins/.

WANTED one LELUSDHE33 and one HOUSIaIkID ; Wages £lB and Eta respectlvley, and uniform.— Apply BtaTansr, Victoria Hospital, Burnley.

WANTED Situation as COOK-HOUSEKEEPER to gentleman where servants are ke,pt ; excellent refer- enceei—Tdrr. F. P., 29, Elm Grove, Pale.

NVALIASIif near New BrIghton.—WANTIID GIMBAL about 18. Fond of ch.ldren. Good borne for suitable Longrnyncl, Webe rd , Wallasey.

COOKS. £O-3O; Waitresses. Housemaids, Housemaid- Waitresses, Experienced Generals and Between-maids Wanted.-151rt. BloitTriprE, 17, Hale rd.. Bowdon.

ANTSD, good Plaia COOKI, Waitresses, Housemaids, VT Bitehenataids, Betweea and superior Cfeneralc—Birs. READ'd SELECT REGISTItr, itastaolrne, danebester.

TATANTED.—Gocd GEN Inlets, 18 to 26. Plain Cooking Wages £l3 to £lB. lieferences.—Apply. Bliss 13.11.1.1nUnv, 23, Algburth rd., Grassendale, or. Liverpool.

TTBD HOUSHMAID-WAITESS9 (Young) with some V experfence ; three in f3mily.-13tate age, wage, and reference, Mn. Macr.bair, 2, Ladybarn Crescent, Withington, Manchester.

WANTED, thoroughly trustworthy WOMAN, for Book- ing, baking, washing, ironing, and all duties ; good reference required ; wages 220.—Mrs. HUDSON, Hawthorn Cottage, Cheadle Heath, Stockport.

WANTED, GENERAL. about 18, attire, strong, respect- able ; good references essential ; small family ; washing ; no cooking ; good home ; Protestant : assistance given ; wages £l2.—el, DERBY LANE, Etoneyerott, Liverpool.

Co be Ed.

"--PRNKIITH.—COTTAGES, 2s. Ed., and 2s. 6d., per week. MILL STBERT, OFFICES,Rrouad floor. Also upper rooms. 17, MILL LANE, 6 Roomed House 63. per week. 41, NEW ROAD, 4s. 93. per week. 15. GEE STREET, 4.. per week. 7, ST. AUdTIN'S LAN% 4s. 6d. per week, 60, GHORLEY STREET, rent 4s. 6d. STCCICTON lIIIATH.-20, Bedford-street, rent 219 103 Apply ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent. No. I Bank-street War ngton. Telephone—No 66.

rro LET 17, FOLLY LAlll3.—Apply WOODS & SON JL Solicitors. Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

rro LBT.-4000 ROUSH, Hopwood-street; 3 bed rooms: rent ss. 6d.—Apply gOODS AND SOS, Solicitors, Florsemarket st

9-10 Eli LET,Tower House, close to Sankey Station (0.L.C.) comprising two entertaining rooms, kitchen and back- kitchen, five bedrooms, bath, and w.c., h. and c. throughout. washbouse and small garden.—apply next door, or to Mr. d. OWFtiP, Estate Agent, Widnes. LIAO Next House coming ecorty stortly, containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen and bock-kitchen, three bedrcoms,bath room, h. and c.,w.a., small garden, £l3 10s. per annum.—Apply as above.

Iftotoi' Ca, Cpeless, Tarriagess, etc

lOTOR BICI‘YCLII.-4 h.p. Antoine, perfect condition £l4 cash or cffer.—ltimumei,Cowper rd., Harpenden.

CAB-YEIONTRD VAN, also a 4-wheel Van, In lirst-olass condition; cheap to clear ; -'room wanted.—WAßßEN & EioN, Coachbailders, 9, Cranbourne it., Liverpool.

ON SAL% GOVICHNIISS CAR by Lawtoa, rubber tyres, suit 13 to 14 h‘nde, lamps. cushions cuuplete ; perfect condition; p,lce £14.-25, Itmenoni.-K RD., Aigburth.

(IN SAL% WM-305Ra1, carry six persons; Liverpool Gig, rubber tyres ; Set of New Silver-mounted Harness; cheap to clear.—TUT, 514, Halifax rd, Smailbridge, Rochdale.

5n CARILIAUBS. Fronghams. Landaus, Governess Cars, V Liverpool Gigs, Vane, Flat Carts and Waggons, new and teeond-hand ; cffers.—BAST PARADE CARRIAGE WORKS, Bradford.

BIiOUGHABIL (rubber tyres) OHRAP. Pony Float and all kinds of vehicles built, and solond hind on male cheap. —MAN:axes CARRIAGE WoRKS, Park rd.,Ormakifir, and 62, Chatham rd.. Birkdale, Southport,

diYCLBS.-BARGIAIN ; Lady's and Gent's Cycles for Sale no use to owner: just as new, not ridden ; 2 C3ventryi high-grade machines, free wheels, 2 brakes, plated rims, and all parts beautifully plated, lamp and bell, all with cycle ; will send on approval before cash sent ; magnificent bargain and worth double ; will sell either £3 108 . cash.—Apply Toss HUMPHRIES, Shirley, Elleaborough Park rd., Weston- -super-Mare.

rOICLB, marvellous sacrifize ; two-speed gear, Clincher ‘..) tyres, magnificent machine, not soiled or scratched. silver-plated rims, beautifully lined, mud guards, two genuine roller lever Crabbe brakes, plated gas lamp, and all other accessories ; Coventry machine and practically new ; approval willingly, half carriage paid ; private owner; bargain, lowest, £5 10s.—G. BLACILMORE, 8, Oxford at., Weston-super-Mare.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
iltlatrfinonp

GBSTLEMAN wishes to torrespond with lady with means, about 40, view to matrimony.—J. Won., 717, High rd., ley toustone. Essex.

MATRIMONIAL—BACH fiLOR 45,businessman, life long character, Churchman, would correspond with lady in trainees or Own means, view marriage ; strictest privacy And bong-fide replies only.—A.H.O., " Times 015 ca, Hereford.

inscellaneous, On Snit% ttr.

PEOlAL.—Latest from the course; wire 2.0. 1.. M O HALES, C/O 11, Wilton it., York.

(2.00 D MANUEIII 2s. 93. per ton on rails, Oldham.--Apply I.A J. FREEMAN, 356. Lees rd., Oldbatn.

I 1161131 LTD.. 68, Picitadllly. Loadon, give good prices for l:T old Chins, Jewels, old elver.

LACIII direct from Manufacturer.—Write for patterns.-- CLA.V3 Co., 7, George it.. NAtlngham.

111) MOLTS TO BEAT THE WORM—Apply terms, A. J. IL. HONE, 28, Perryn rd., Acton, London, W.

BEMME YOUR OWN MASTER. Send stamped envelope to G. VYSE, 18 Stockwell Grove, London.

MISAFFIA TAPlC—Oheaper than string, 500 ysr3s, 2s. 8,1.- 11 AGEriclr, 20 Fernleigh rd., Winohrnore LIIII.

MHANSFBRS FOR CYCLES, special sale on. 6d. a dozen.- - Husacorm, 200, Richmond rd.. Leytonstone.

CIRIIIr GOAT RUG. 66 a 301n5., carriage paid, 6s. 9cl. kA RIIIIFIEN, 45, Park rd,, Regent's Park, London.

rz ETLESS WATCHES, 3r. 91.. port free; oxidized ; special Iine.—DITENPOBT, .201, Pinner rd., Harrow.

fl ECITATIONS, original, comic, side-splitting 4d. each. 2 Lk for 7d.-24.VILLE. 14, Foundation at., Ipswich.

QCOTCII lIANDLOOII TWIIIMS direct, patterns fcee ; Ai all parcels pald.—W' IL WlLson, Banneckburn.

(J Nil good Winner each week ; reliable information ; P. 0.0. 2a. 61.—Yousin, 38, King's rd., Windsor. -

elOSTUldli CLOTHS, blue, browu, green, le. 6.1. yard, easti.—WEaTLEIGH, 26. Osborne rd„ Handswortb.

fro LANTBRIIIST3.—Animate4 Pictures quite easily pro ' 1. aided. HENDESBOY,I2,Pudding Gliare,New-ctstle-coa-Tyne.

VXTRAORDI NARY value 36. 9d.,8e 11, Battery, puth.wlre, -E.4 staple., instructions.—Latora, 58. Malta rd., Leyton.

BI3D WATERPROOY ; double proofed sheets 36 36 Inc 26.64.; 54a36.n5. 36.9 d. tree.-Ceorry6,o66ytonst.,Dublln

ACIJG BXPIIRT.—Three Horse Wire, 39. daily (five Lb dap, 10s. 6d.) P.O.—W. GRANT, 275, Waterloo rd., London, S.B.

Srai BUNG, British Oak, WESTBOURNE. Park ri , .Lorxdon W., 10.(01 cigars, exceptional value, 100 post free 75.9 d,, sample 9 for is.

ri.INTIMBURIC BNLLS, Cap-eaueer, 25 1,1. 64; Manly iliwerlng Cbryeanthemums, 36 roots 2e.-29, WOOD- -BIDP, Wimbledon.

1 00 PERENNIAL roots for present planting iu 8 varieties for 2s. 98.-BAVAGE, riurseryman, Hockley, Essex.

MOTOR:CAR JOURNAL, every Friday, Id. Best medium for Sale, Purchase, or Exchange of Cars, Bold by all bookstalls nod newsagents.

BOOKBISDIA6, Retail and to the Trade.—Cheata. effeetive and zellable.—Write J. li. OLDFIELD & CO., 179, Albany it., London, N.W.

fiLOVES.-31. 11d. for 3 pairs Ladies; superior Austrian kJ Rid Gloves, post free, state eizes.—LIVINGBToNE, Roseville Avenue. Hounslow.

M ARV: L curtains;b ae P.trg e. is at, one d to c cheapest.— epne st?, a hilaiengs °RBI oLnAectts Co., 202. Alfred at., ottingham.

fIOSTU3III CLOTHS clearing line.—Tweed dress length Byds. 4Cin. wide Ti. 6d. carriage paid, patterns free.— SYKES, Cross Gates, near Leeds.

PARD INDBX and Vertical Letter Filing Cabinets. Lowest kJ prices; Best workmanship; Prompt delivery.—Tnn BIWYNDY CABLNET CO.. LantrlCallt.

SHIRTS for Working-men, abso!ately best in existence, wear like Iron, once tried always worn, seal postcard for patterns.—REDMlN, Stroud, Gina.

J3ULl39.—Cholce collection of 25 Tulips, 50 Snowdrops. 50 Crocco, 25 Elaffodller, 50 Bernal', 50 Iris, 33. Eld. ; deIIvered.—BIACKIMMON & FtnaoN, Lelceeter.

1010 00 CIGARS, exceptional value, 100 poet free 7e. 91.; eample of 9 for is.—STRIBLING, British Oak, Westbourne Park rd.. Lonfon, W.

t -PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them. -t Post free. Send for one.—TarsraaLL, The Herialist. 144, Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 1879.

INM/MUNCH or Drug Habit aural at home, EIO interference with daily duties, full particulars from SECRETARY, 67, Sutherland avenue, London, W.

VIM NEED IT at Home and In Buslness—the latest Time. saving Calendar. Bend 4d. in Stamps.—THE WINTER NOVELTY Co., imperial Buildings, Ludgate Ctrerti, B.C.

S°PIO HPl4ll9.—Aesorted parcels, pinafores, underwear, £l, £3 ; buying agents wanted, terms cash with order.—Clarran. Manufacturer, 74a, Nelson st., Preston.

C_ITARTLING FEISS OFFER. —Splendid Portrait Enlarge 1..7 ment, on handsome Plate-sunk Itlount, 24 by 19 absolutely freo.—karticulars,3lEarlsN,The klarket,Ssndwich.

AR GH PRO FIRS for Shopkeepers to sell Sharp Lighting Li Firelighters. Patent applied. Buying agents wanted. Samples sent. Stamp.—SmsuP. Archdeacon lane, Leicester.

VURNISH direct from the Fact Dry. Best workmanship and materials. Specify requirements to CORE DOUGLAS, Furniture and Decorations, Fernielgh rd., Winehmore Hill.

SILENT ALARM.—Don't wake the household; yo z can wake any hour by our Silent Method ; no swindle —Particulars for Is., WINTER & Co., Belize British Honduras.

ADIBS, hemstitched handkerchiefs, with any initial ILJ beautifully embroidered, doz. 25., 1 doz. 3s. Bd. ; sp'endid yalue.-111•11. ORDER Co.,B,The Parade. New Barnet.

STHOLOGY.—HeaIth, changes, marriage, travels, future CX prospects. &a. revealed. Bend sex. birth date, Is. P.O. and stamped envelope for test floroscope.-51. Wait, 23, Cambridge et., Glasgow.

SWISS BISIBUOIDEBBD BLOUSHb end 11013138.—The Swigs B3OIIOIDERIr 00.,17, Green at., Leicester Square, London, W. 0., send out, gratis, some betutiful c3loured photos of their handsome embroidered blouses (silk cull- mere. mouusellge de laine time), which are offered at les. 6d. and 15s. 6d. etch. These prices are absolutely 50 per cent below West Bud shop prices. Beautifully-embroidered robea for ball wear.

ifffsteltantotaft On salt, ett.

PDI MOTO Postcards of yourself, Ba. dosen.—Sample free.— CITE 9, 47 Montague at., Wor thing.

rr ROBB short of water should consult Jostut PELL, 'nose's- 1. ful Wster Diviner. Thurihy, Bourne, Lincolnshire.

DHOTO POST CARDS —Xmas cards of yourielt. 2a. dozen, J. sample free.—OATES, 47 Montague St., Worthing.

I ILIPUT TYPHIWIIITHR.—Latest Invention, prioe 57e. 6d 11 Write bookIet.—LILIPUT CO,. 10k High it., Stockport.

lIOT-AIR ENGINN.—Very powerful. Mit Ell 11.: bargain. £6 1O.; like new.--Losemirrpe, Benfleet.llese;

COOKING APPLBS.—Large Bromley, Ponsfords, 10§. 6d. cwt., free on rall.—Aascorx, Wgell. Credlton. Devon.

SllofiliT OF GOOD FlGURB.—Develop bust and chest. Natural means. P.O. is. 63 —lB, OsnoaNs BD., Blackpool.

COBIPLEXIOS BPHCIALIBT.—ToIIet requisites, per- fumes, de. Price list.—' ESTELLE.' 8 Hanover at., London, W.

BARCIAIN.—Gent's full size. Overcoat length, dark.superb material ; only requires seeing. Bacriflce 9s. carriage paid.

(1111LBHOPRONS.—Sp1endbi new five-guinea machine, accept first reaeonable offer.—W. MARTIN, Wethere- field, Braintree-.

CONDITION FOWDI4II6 for Homo, produce coat like silk —Canliters, 6d. and la.—A.Lr.aw, 594 Stockport rd., Longslght, lianchester.e

PIANO.—Fine overstrung Uptight Grand ivory keys, quite new ; cost 65 guineas ; take £25 15s. for ready cash.- 4, PICKIT ERE 8T .. Warrington.

riAMBRIDOESHIBB BTAKHEI. Spenial information rezeived. Reliable. Wire Es. 6d. P.O.—L. HUMUS, Hillside, Cotbam Hill, Bristol.

PIANO, fitted with loside pneumatic player and Minie rolls ; magnifleent rosewood ease; £4o,worth double.— Y., 69, Endlesham rd., Balham, London.

I ATHST and surest scientific preparation for itxterminst- -LJ ing Rats without inuoncenience.—Send for li. boa to VERMINLESS Co.. 4 Mast Parade, Bradford.

A STROLOGIC Horoscope of Character. changes, Li. marriage ; marvellous revelations ; seni sea, birthdate, is. ld.—Maname Mir. 11, Tulketh St., Southport.

UTHOR6.— MSS. placed vith best publishers abort 1-1.. stories, poetry, &c, required.—Ltmname PREa BUREAU, 16, Elm grove, Peckham, London, S.E.

Ulf ONDERIDS SOUL—livery customer delighted with my guaranteed Gent's Waterproof,to measure 183. 6 d.cash. Bend to-clay.—GAnnexuit, Alfred at., Redfield, Bristol.

50 BSAUTIFUL P/161NY PICTURS P.O.'s, le. 6d ; 100, 2e. 6d. Samples 6d. doz.; second quality, 31d. doz., le. 100..Yrcextze, 83 Woolstook rd., Finsbury Park, London.

KBRp Dickle's Cage clean ty using Bog-moss MAI, pure, ab:orbent, easily adjusted to any ordinary size cage, la. per dozen, post (cm—Mums, Lyons, Strafe an, co.Kildare

Itorotot ogss, Edit *to* Su.

MICR BAIA two Chestnut Mares, Traps, Harness, and ..12 Fittings.—Apply Dr. BHAW, hallway rd., Leigh.

ON BALB, two BAY MAIMS, rising 6 years, 15 and 151. One Grey Mare aged. All quiet and good workers.— Apply laircw, 114, Gray it., Bootle.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
UZElanteTr.

A GIiNTS Album free, greeting cards,Bd. dozen.—OLS.llB rj 119, Opr., Tooting rd.. London, 9.W.

WMATBD OHAMP&GNB BOTTLES 85. gross on rail.— WIGGLES WORTH & Co., Back lane, Burnley.

fIARDSNES, Second, desires Situation ; highest refer ences.—BLICSMORE, Clwyd et., New Brighton.

MORBY-kIAKING AT 110MH ; Genuine; Bend Stamp.— LANKFORD, 12 Arundel rd , Gt. Yarmouth, Norfolk.

A GENTS WANTED, either sex. sell Household Novelty,. IX good profits.—" NOVELTIES," 74, Napier it., Sheffield.

SMITH disengaged, engineers or general, wants constancy. —ooBwalr, 184 Wharneclift Gardens, St. John's Wood.

W ANTED, AGENTS for Live Stook and In-foal Mare TV Insurance:al AINA6ER, Ididgate Chambers, Peterborough

A GENTS WANTED Christmas specialities, splendid corn. ti. send stamp for samples.—MACE, Angel rd., Norwich.

IVTANTBD. small Modern Cars, Stepney Wheels, Lsmps. VT Moxontars' ADTItionY AGENCY, 14 Beak st„ London, W

STAILCH WASHING WANTED,by experienced Laundress, or good family washing; good shirt and collar dresser. —ll, FIRRELL RD , Stockton Heath.

PROFIT WARKLY easily made.—Why slave for V others? Be boss yourself. No capital required. I. tell you how.—MASON, 86 High it. Eolith, Bondable.

CHIIISTIAN LADY, very fond Children, desires care two as companions own child; country home ; might adopt; highest referencee.—BßAcKELL, Alinhurst, Horochurch.

(100 D POSITIONS on always be found for men with A....T Special Ability—men a little above the ordinary run There are hundreds of men with a Special Aptitude for a certain class of work who are ha positions where that Aptitude has no scope, and is accordingly not appreciated or properly paid for. We want such men. If you are one of them, and can prove that you are a Nigh-Grade Man, capable of 11 ling a ilesponsible Position, write us to-day.— HAFGOODS, LTD., (litegistered in auernsey) 24A, Barton Arcade, Deansirate, Idanctiester.

LIOEL SAM one Horse (17 hinds), Lorry, Cart. Furniture L. Fau,‘nd Harness,together or separate; all in gool con- dition.—Apply damtc3 BCCLE3. 19, New Bank rd.,Blackburo.

There is no Parliamentary WORK FOR THE disagreement as to the WORKLESS. necessity of doing something to help the unemployed. The only differences of opinion arise out of con- siderations of method. That the proposals of the Government are not to be opposed on Parlia- mentary grounds was immediately made apparent by Mr. BALFOUR on the conclusion of Mr. Asourra'a speech on Wednesday. The Leader of the Opposition thanked the PRIME MINISTER for his "extraordinarily clear statement," and was only anxious to know when a date can be given for its discussion. The case was the same with Mr. ARTHUR HENDERSON, the leader of the Labour party. Neither Mr. BALFOUR nor Mr. HENDERSON was willing to commit himself on the moment to any criticism of the Ministerial scheme, but it may be taken for granted that this present hesitation does not mean future hostility. Such differences as will ultimately manifest them- selves may be confidently expected to deal only with details. The Labour party will contend that the Government proposals do not go far enough. On the Conservative benches it may be maintained that there should have been some variation of methods. These are propositions that the Govern- ment will not dispute. Mr. ASQUITH does not pretend that he is dealing with the unemployment question in a definite manner. He proposes a temporary alleviation of admitted evils, and he will certainly not refuse to listen to suggestions as to how the measure of relief proposed by the Government may be more effectively applied. Before the present Parliament comes to an end, the PRIME MINISTER observed, it is hoped, and it is intended, that a real and effective blow should ho struck at the permanent causes of unemploy- ment. The proposals now laid before the House and the country are intended to meet a special emergency. They are destined, in fact, for the purpose of tiding us over the coming winter. The Government and the local authorities, he was able to show, have done i great deal more than they have received credit for. The expenditure, taking the whole country through, has really been very large, but Mr. Asourrtit does not contend that it has been enough. Some local authorities have proved themselves to be indisposed to do anything, and for that reasod, among others, he sets aside the suggestion that the Government should authorise the levying of an unemployment rate. However, he made a'statement which goes much further than anything that has been said by any other PRIME MINISTER on this subject. The unemployed, he remarked,have a right to demand something more than sympathy, and he added that it is the duty of Parliament to give them more. This is the deliberate acceptance of a grave responsibility. Unemployment is, from this moment, made a national affair. The Government proposals will be considered in some quarters to be of a poor and limited character. From other directions they will be severely criticised as a departure from severe economies. But there is no proposal against which romething cannot be said from opposite points of view. What is abundantly clear for the present is that the plane decided upon as a tempo- rary alleviation of public suffering will cost a great deal of money, and that they are absolutely practical. Local authorities are to be encouraged to give work to the unemployed instead of con- tracts for labour; but as they always lose money in such cases, the difference of cost varying from 5 to 40 per cent., the Government is to make up the difference of cost between contract and unemployed work. The idea is, of course, to encourage contem- plated undertakings that are at present being delayed either for want of means or because they are not pressing. At Christmas the Post Office will take on 8,000 extra hands at a wage of 253. per week preference being given to married men. There will be additional Post Office employment in the larger towns. The Army Special Reserve is pre- pared to spend £200,000 in taking on 24,000 extra men, and the Navy will provide work, chiefly on repairs, to the extent of £63,500. It will also enter at once on additional shipbuilding work. Further, it is proposed to take the large step of permitting assistance to be given to persons who have received poor law relief withiu the preceding twelve months and to remove the disqualifintions of those who have been assisted during the last two years. The plan is fairly comprehensive, at least, ankthough it is necessarily open to criticism it seems likely to go through Parliament without much change of form.

The cold snap provides the THE COMING OF latest eccentricity in the FROST. weather in a year whose summer and autumn have been full of quaint surprises. Frost on the Con tinent, with the grape harvesters knee deep in snow, has this element of appropriateness, that it follows a misplaced summer which had somehow got posponed to September. The element of

unexpectedness has a perennial charm ; and twenty-five degrees of frost in the third week of October has, at any rate, that virtue to recommend it. With the temperature in London but a few degrees above freezing-point, and the cold area reaching to Hungary and 'Moldavia, we are faced with a phenomenon which registers the passing of the seasons. South Germany, with twenty-five degrees of frost, has reached a record in cold for October, while the 400 tons of water per acre which fell in the district of Portland and Weymouth were, in their way, unprecedented. After all,nobody wants an Indian summer to extend icto November, and we are within a week of the end of October. The colder weather is the more wholesome and seasonable,and the advent of conditions which are bracing and fresh is upon every ground to be welcomed.

We would direct the special

THE attention of our readers to MUSICAL SOCIETY. the letter, published in our correspondence columns, from Mr. J. P. Reynolds, hon. treasurer of the Warrington Musical Society, in which he appeals for increased public support for the work of that estimable organization. For seventy-five years I the Musical Society has been doing splendid service in the cause of musical culture, but it has not met with the practical encouragement which it undoubtedly deserves. It is not to the credit of the town that the society should be handicapped by straitened resources, and it behoves lovers of music to zee that the reproach is removed. Last season there was a notable quickening of interestl in the concerts on the part of the general public, but even under these improved conditions the loss amounted to £45. What the society most needs at the present time is a greatly augurnented list of subscribers. The programme for the coming session is a most attractive one and when one considers the high class work in hand and the careful study and heavy expense involved, it ought surely not to be too much to expect those who are in a position to patron'z a those concerts to do so ungrudgingly. No exception can be taken to the terms of subscription, which are very moderate indeed, and the slightest reflection should convince anyone of the justice of the Society's claim to increased help from the townspeople. We hope Mr. Reynolds' timely appeal will not be in vain. Warrington has made a great advance in the musical world of late years, and onr Musical Society is entitled to no small share of the credit for this and for the happy revival which has been witnessed in all matters musical. Its educational work is bearing good fruit, and it would be a gratifying thing if Warrington would show its appreciation by rally- ing to the support of so worthy an organization as the Musical Society in no half-hearted way. An article from the Mon- WHEN TEE ANTI- treal correspondent of the DUMPER LIKES "Liverpool Post and Mer- D unmet. cury " published last Satur- day, makes a curious revelation concerning the well-known local firm of Pearson and Knowles, Ltd. The writer describes the operations of the Dominion Iron and Steel Company of Canada, which has been highly- favoured by Government bounties and special protective legislation, and has in consequence done more dumping than any other iron and steel manufacturing undertaking in the Dominion of Canada." Pig-iron has been largely exported to— or dumped in—England, and the writer makes the assertion that some consignments went to the Pearson and Knowles Company, and the soft impeachment has not been denied. The "Liver- pool Post" editorially chaffs the local company about taking advantage of this cheap raw material and presumes, not unnaturally, that "Canadian bounties have been helping the Warrington firm to earn its ill per cent. dividend and to keep its men employed." The humour of the situation is increased when we recall that at the annual meeting of the Pearson and Knowles Com- pany on September :29,th last, Mr. W. H. Blackly said that " all the directors were fiscal reformers, not as politicians, but as men ..of business." It is obvious that Mr. Bleckly never told the truth with more literal exactitude. As Tariff Reformers the directors protest strongly against the iniquitous foreign "dumper," but when he dumps raw material useful to themselves then they recollect that business must come first and Tariff Reform last. It is a charming illustra- tion of the way Tariff Reform hits back. As if to accentuate the irony of the position, the Dominion Iron Company has secured the order for 9,000 tons of steel rails for the Indian railways. It was one of Mr. W. H. Bleckly's sorest points that the Indian market was being lost by us to the foreigner owing to "his unfair advantages." Apparently the foreigner can present us with the cheap raw material and still beat us in the market. How is Tariff Reform going to remedy this difficulty?

The drink interest is playing

. - THE "TRADE" so prominent a part in the AND THE VOTER, elections locally that it i very necessary that rate- payers should look matters squarely in the face. We have already six members of the Council who are directly interested in either the manufacture or the sale of drink, and one of them holds the important position of deputy-chairman of the Watch Committee—the Committee which has most to do with the administration of the licensing laws in the borough. Oae sixth of the whole Council is Eurely more than a fair proportion of representation for any one Trade to possess. If there were six butchers, or bakers, or tailors on the Council nearly everyone would be exclaiming at the absurdity and rank injustice of it, but the Trade—the dangerous Trade—can apparently secure an unlimited number of representatives on local governing bodies, and no one complains except temperance people, and they run the risk of being dubbed faddists and fanatics in consequence. The question is not a temperance one solely. It concerns the welfare of the whole community, and it is time people showed some alarm at the ten- dency of affairs. The Trade is not satisfied with six representatives out of thirty-six, and a seventh is boldly seeking support in Orford Ward. We sincerely hope he will not get it. The voters, if they exercise the franchise like true citizens, will set their faces sternly against the return of any Trade nominees to the Town Council. They will secure two excellent and trustworthy representa- tives if they vote for Councillor Ball and Mr. P. Peacock.

The Warrington Citizens' Temperance League has done excellent work in its brief existence in the direction of educating the people in the moral issues of sobriety and clean living. There is plenty of work for such an organisatiori, and we are glad to note that the League is coming forward with pertinent questions for the candidates now seeking the suffrages of the electors. It must, in the future,be made as bard for a publican to enter the Warrington Town Council as it is for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle. Temperance effort—we do not mean teetotal—had long lacked co-ordination in Warrington, and we have hopes that this non-political and unsectarian league of citizens will accomplish a great deal in the direc- tion of ridding the town of the incubus of "Trade" dominance which, like an" old man of the sea" exerts a strangling hold on the throat of civic progress.

Lord Lamington, as the IMPROVING THR author of R bill for the Punic-HousE. Extension of Facilities in

- _ Public-Houses introduced in the House of Lords before the adjournment, writes an interesting article in the " National Review." We are concerned with his Lordship's criticism of the Government's Licensing Bill,partly because it adds nothing new to the controversy on that measure, and partly because we think it is not really material to. his case. The object of Lard Lamington's Bill is tot the extension of the facilities for drinking. Whatever criticism may be offered to his scheme, he must be given credit for desiring to improve public-houses by rendering them less mere drinking saloons and mote public resorts at which decent people may be able to obtain with comparative ease other forms of refreshment than intoxicating liquors, at which the arbitrary discomfort of the bar may be

exchanged for the more civilised arrangement of small tables, at which games, newspapers, music, and other forms of recreation may be provided. The idea is not new. Other reformers have aimed at a change of this discription ; and, like Lord Lamington, they have pointed to the example of continental countries like Franco and Germany, where the caféi afford the facilities he desires, and where insobriety in the forms we know it is practically non-existent. There is some reason in the contention that if public-houses are to be permitted to exist—and prohibition is obviously a ' long way off yet—they should be reformed, and the lines which are suggested in this 811 l are clearly not such as would be likely to work a tithe of the evil which will be wrought by the continu- ance of the system of " drinking dens" which at present exists. At any rate, the Bill is worthy of consideration.

Tne remarkable statistics UNEMPLOYMENT which D. Macnamara IN PROTECT/DNIST voted at a public meeting COUNTaIRS. at Peckham in regard to unemployment in ''Protec- tionist countries have been confirmed by the report of the French Government Dopartment of Lsbour. The presont proportion of unemployment in France is 2 per cent, above the normal. This is traced to over-production in the iron and steel trade, following on tire boom caused by the Russo-Japanese War. The American financial crisis has contributed to the depression by producing a great decline in the demand for French jewellery. At the same time, the French Daparttnent of Labour states that the minimum unemployment in France is higher than the minimum in Great Britain, "owing to the organization of British labour." Trade depression is felt everywhere, but a Protectionist Government like France admits that it is felt less keenly in Great Britain though there is less agitation about unemployment in France, because the evil is commoner there and creates less surprise. Speak- ing in S. Helens on Sunday, De. S idekum, a member of the German R a oichsta, said there had not been so many unemployed in his own country for many years as there were this year. He declared emphatically that "Protection was no remedy, and it could not be said that the propor tion of misery was greater in the unprotected country than in the protected country." We wonder how much longer we shall hear it said with parrot-like reiteration that " Tariff reform means work for all"

===== 0002601_19081024_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

November Ist will be the 60th anniversary of the opening of the Warrington Museum and Library. Local Liberals are eagerly looking forward to the visit to Warrington on November 28th of Mr. Birrell, who will address a great meeting in the Parr Hall. The Borough Member will also be present. * * *

Congratulations and best wishes to the Rev. John Yonge, the father of Nonconformity in Warrington, who attained his 70th birthday yesterday. As the years roll on,the circle of his friends and well-wishers ever widens !

* * * Stockton Heath people have been waiting upon the Tramways Committee to secure a reduction of the fare to Stockton Heath to Id., or a division of the route into halfpenny stages. The Committee has declined to accede to either of these requests. It is getting high time they made concessions, and some form of contract ticket on the busier routes would be a boon.

* * * Mrs. Winston Churchill has very quickly given proof that shs is prepared to discharge the public duties that fall to the lot of the wife of a Cabinet Minister. On Tuesday afternoon she opened the bazaar at the Horticultural Hall in aid of the work of the Browning Settlement. She did so in a charming little speech, excellently delivered, and clataining just the right sentiment for the occasion. Mrs. Churchill will henceforth have to be counted among the lady orators of the Liberal party.* The Victoria Park Bowling Green has demonstrated its recreative usefulness by being crowded with bowlers on all possible occasions during the summer. The receipts for the four years it has been in use have been as follows :-1905, £ll 4s. id.: 1906, £54 10s. 21. ; 1907, £45 us. 6d. ; 1908, £53 Bs. 6d. We hope a determined effort will be made by the Town Hall and Parks Committee this winter, to com- plete the scheme for three additional greens in time for next season. They are already six months be hindhand.

* * * It seems to be an accepted fact that Alderman Forshaw is to be the next Mayor of Warrington. He was selected by a large majority of the members at a caucus meeting of the Council on Monday, though there was some division of opinion on the Conservative side. The peculiar method of selection adopted at the last Council meeting has worked badly, as we antici- pated, and considerable friction has resulted. How- ever, Alderman Forshaw should make a worthy successor to Alderman Smethurst, and if he does not get unanimous support on November 9th, it is hardly likely to be the fault of his political opponents.

Although Mr. John BiTrns is the first Labour Member of Parliament who has gone or could go as Cabinet Minister to visit the King, he is by no means the first Labour Member who has been entertained at Sandringham. Mr. Joseph Arch was genially treated as "my member" by the then Prince of Wales, and was on several occasions an honoured guest at Sand- ringham, of which he delighted to tell pleasant stories. Mr. Henry Broadhurst was also there for a week-end, and he has recorded his memories of the occasion in his own account of his own life. Mr. Broadhurst commented on the solidity of the chairs in the village ale-house. "I dare say some of our politicians wish their seats were as safe," said the Prince with a * *

Mrs. John Crosfield has; way of doing good by stealth. Just lately she has been evidencing her characteristic kindliness by entertaining the porters and platform men from the Bank Quay and Central Stations at Bryn Eithin, Colwyn Bay. It can hardly be said of the railway porter that he gets more kicks than halfpence, but he certainly performs many services for the general public without getting due reward. People have oftener a growl than a gracious smile for " Mr. Porter," who is quite inured to the task of suffering for the sins of his particular railway company. Mrs. Crosfield's forethought and sumptuous hospitality have been greatly appreciated by the men of corduroy and buttons.

* * * It is seldom that so " broad " a platform is seen at a public meeting as the one which faced the Parr Hall audience on Monday evening, when the Warrington Citizens' Temperance League held its second great demonstration in support of the Licensing Bill now passing through the House of Commons. The Dean of Carlisle (a veteran temperance stalwart) occupied the chair and was supported by. other distinguished Churchmen, a Labour M.P., ministers and laymen of almost every Nonconformist denomination, Liberals, Conservatives and Socialists. The speaking was as ' interesting and varied as the platform, and the valu- able points of the Bill have seldom been better expounded. The most remarkable feature was the total absence of beneficed clergymen representing the ancient parish of Warrington. Though their Bishops have given an unmistakable lead on the question at issue to-day, the clergy of Warrington have been conspicuously absent from the Temperance platform. It seems pretty obvious that the shadow of the brewery dwarfs the shadow of the church spire. * Vancouver is a long way off. This may account to some extent for the following item of news which appeared in the "Vancouver World" the other day : London, September 21.—Maddened by suffering, over a million and a half of Britain's unemployed have become little better than savages during the last few days, and the authorities of the United Kingdom are at a loss for means with which to cope with the situation, which daily becomes more menacing. Riots occur daily in all the large cities. . . Services were broken up yesterday in cyclones of disorder at the Cathedrals at Canter- bury, Mancliester,Norwich and Glasgow by denuncia- tions of the starving. . . . Admitting that they are unable to cope with the situation, the police at dozens of manufacturing centres have called for military assistance to put down the riots which have already occurred. . . . All over the country bodies of soldiers are being stationed at strategic points to be ready for outbreaks. Bismarck once said that nothing lied like a telegrams and time gives the saying proof.

More than one amateur gardener who has passed Ai up or down Market-street, Manchester, during the last week or two and seen the profusion of copper beech branches that adorn the front of one of the flower-shops there must have felt much inclined to quarrel with his own copper beeches at home. For never was there copper beech of so glorious a red as this one. It so took my eye (writes "B " in the "Manchester Guardian ") that I went into the shop and asked what kind of copper beech it was. I learnt to my astonishment that the colour was hardly all the tree's own. "Copper beech leaves," one of the assistants explained, "are in great demand now for decorative purposes, and we have a preparation that not only preserves the leaves but improves their colour. People like them a rich red, you see," The flower-dyeing industry is no new one, as our hawkers green carnations show, but tree dyeing is surely a ne- departure.

levr • toorn, -ily, s, 7. , " 0 re • •

===== 0002601_19081024_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

[FRO3I OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.] The complaint is often heard that" there is nothing in the newspapers this morning." At the present moment, however, what with a European situation that shifts almost from day to day, and a House of Commons strenuously grappling with the task of legislation, those who take a serious interest in public affairs have more reason to complain that there is so much happening that they cannot beep pace with the movement. On Friday, October 16 th, Mr. Asquith announced an important modification in the Licensing Bill, not, of course, with the hope of placating those who are hostile to the principles of the Bill, but with the object, as he stated, of satisfying even the most far-fetched scruples of anybody who thinks that injustice might in particular cases have been done by it." Then, Mr. Harcourt, on behalf of the Government, has moved amendments bringing off-licences within the scope of the measure, and dealing with local option. The Children's Bill has passed its third reading, and the House has decided that the London and Dis- trict Electric Supply Bill shall go into Committee. Mr. Asquith's statement as to Unemployment was, perhaps, the most important event of an eventful week, and the necessary reconstruction, consequent upon the retirement from public life of Lord Tweedmouth and Lord Ripon, has been completed by the transference of Mr. McKinnon Woods from the Board of Education to the Undar-Secretaryship for Foreign Affairs, and the appointment of Mr. Charles Trevelyan to the Board of Education.

TRIBUTE TO A VETERAN STATESXIAN. There is not a single psrson in the political world who, irrespective of party, fails to experience deep regret that the burden of years, aggravated by 3 domestic bereavement, has compelled Lord Ripon to withdraw from the responsibilities of office. The loss of his calm wisdom and of his sweet and gracious personality will be keenly felt by his colleagues. An idealist of a lofty type, Lord Ripon was a living reminder of high traditions in a period of gloom, when idealism was scouted and derided. HappilYr his public career has not been closed without the gratification of seeing the principles that he cherished with so much devotion revived with a fresh access of energy. A statesman of singular disinterestedness and charm, he was also —it must not be overlooked the best-beloved of all Indian Viceroys among the native peoples of the British " Raj."

NEW MINISTERS. The appointment of Mr. NcKinnon Wood to the Foreign Office will give Sir Edward Grey a needed relief relief in these days of pressure in the task of answering questions in the House. At the same times Lord Fitzmaurice will act as spokesman for the Foreign Office in the House of Lords, where, as nLorr a member of the Cabinet, he will be able to speak with more, not less, authority. Mr. McKinnon Wood had given exceptional proof of ability in municipal affairs, proof that was fully confirmed by his short term the Board of Education. Mr. Trevelyan brings to lue new office not only an honoured name, but the reputation of being one of the most brilliant of a brilliant galaxy of rising young Liberals.

MR. ASQUITH'S CONCESSION. The concession which Mr. Asquith foreshadowed on Friday week was inspired by no hope of " buying; off " the hostility of the root-and-branch opponents oT the Bill." The time-limit laid down in the Bill Noe based on the principle that sufficient time should.he given for a prudent trader to make adequate provision to recoup himself for that part of the property which is to be attributed to the monopoly value. The Opposition admitted, on Mr. Asquith's challenge, that hey would be placated by no extension of the time limit. It is, therefore, not to them, but to over- anxious supporters of the principles of the Bill, syhe fear that there may be some cases of hardship arising from it with a fourteen-year time-limit, that Mr- Asquith has addressed himself. His proposal is that 'Compensation should cease after fourteen years, and that at the end of that time every licence shall be held at the unfettered discretion of those who represent the community. But in order to avoid even the shadow of harshness it is now suggested that a further period —probably seven years—should be granted, durini which the State will not resume the possession or monopoly value. OFF-LICENCES AND MONOPOLY VALUE. It is an undoubted strengthening of the Bill that the monopoly value of "off " licences will, under the amendment moved by Mr. Harcourt, be secured after the reduction period. It is true that at the present time" off "licences have no monopoly value, but 30 is quite possible that after the period of reduction 3 monopoly value may grow up. Words have accordiosl9 been added to the Bill to secure that if any monop9ll value in" off " licenses should come into operatio? between now and the end of the reduction period, It would be secured to the State. The-criticism, how- ever mistaken or unfounded, is thus obviated tin!! the Bill was favouring " off " at the expense of" on licences ; or, in crude terms, sacrificing the publicae for the benefit of the grocer. LOCAL OPTION. After the reduction period, local option will extrucl to new and old on-licences, which after that period will all become technically new licences, and a tw°' thirds majority of those voting will be necessary f°r the carrying of the resolution. These provisions are to be extended "in such manner as Parliament FnaY determine," so asito authorise a resolution " the number of licences to those existing at the tirne,or reducing that number." A good deal of anxiety wee felt about this legacy of an instruction, as it were, the Parliament of fourteen years hence. Sir Thonre Whittaker urged that nothing should be done which might have a limiting effect. The Government, how- ever, wished to guard against the slightest possibility- of complaint on the part of "the trade " that,, Parliament had not given them sufficient notico. er what was likely to happen. The amendment 0'439 notice to " the trade " that there are, at any rate, twe options to which they must look forward. But it does` not in any way prevent a future Parliament floe' devising others.

THE DISASTER OF 1.895. Keir Hardie had something interesting to 531 in regard to the idea that the Liberal Party had beell over-thrown owing to the Temperance Bill of 189J' As one of the victims of that time, he claimed to 'be able to speak with some authority. It was not, 136' contended, the introduction of the Bill, but the failure to put it through, that caused the disaster. Tb° Bill raised the fighting instincts of the liquor interest' The failure to proceed with it opposed only a lakevval Temperance party to a liquor interest determined 0„ fully alive to the issue they had at stake. It it: point of view which has a distinct bearing upon th present crisis.

CHILDREN AND THE STATE. The Government has been most scrupulous not 0 imperil the safe passage of the Children's Bill 11 raising unnecessary points of controversy, or by oce,r: loading it. And Mr. Akers-Douglas declared in tP: debate on the final stage, that the Bill is in no sens,°.; party one. At the same time common sense and Vl,lO play demand some recognition of the fact that too Liberal Government is taking a new departure of tYai most important kind in pressing on with 0%. reforms that do not lend themselves to party tactic And some members of the Opposition showed their selves very ready to raise objections. Why cre.„Ai; new offences? Why invade family life? "be weaken parental responsibility? It ought to,g, emphasised on every possible occasion that the 91, not only aims at protecting child life by penal eria: meats, but at raising the general standard of morall and responsibility in regard to child-neglect. Ingtet, of weakening parental responsibility it strengtheno for when the law declares various forma of to be not only culpable but punishable, the eyes great masa of ignorant populatioa will be ' wrongs which carelessness; has condoned.

Of A to

op-OLAA

i

LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The annual sale of work in connection with the Baptist Church, Latchford, will be held on Wednes- day and Thursday next, in the schoolroom. It will be Opened at three o'clock on Wednesday by Mr. William Long, and on Thursday by Rev. John Yonge. District Nursing Association. The Hon. Treasurer of the Workingmen's Com- mittee acknowledges with thanks the receipt of 4s from the Warrington Works Bowling Association. Temporary Authority. At the Borough Police Court, on Monday, Henry Teece was granted temporary authority to sell at the Old Ball, Winwick-road, in place of Annie White.

Liberal Women's Tea Meeting. The annual tea meeting in connection with the Wariingon Women's Liberal Association will be held in the Co-operative Hall on Monday- evening next at 5.30. The tea will be followed by a grand concert and limelight lecture, presided over by Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P. Further particulars are given 10 our advertising columns. '

Mersey Navigation Commissioners. The first quarterly meeting of the Upper Mersey - Navigation Commissioners ever held in Warrington took place on Tuesday morning at the Town Hall The Mayor placed at their disposal the Council Chamber, and, after the termination of the business part of the meeting the Commissioners were enter- • tained at lunch by Messrs. It. T. and Henry Fairclough. The Mayor, in reply to the toast of his health, spoke of the good work which had been done by the Com- mission, and also alluded to the increasing prosperity of the Manchester Ship Canal. Evangelistic Services. During the summer months Evangelistic services have been conducted with considerable success in Corporation-street. They have now been transferred to the Wesleyan Schoolroom. Bold-skeet and the first was held on Sunday evening, Mr. J. C. Holland (president of the Mission Committee) presided. Short • addresses were given by the Rev. T. Gladding and Mr. Twist. A solo was rendered by Miss Whitmore, Mrs. J. C. Holland accompanying on the organ. The Rev. T. Miller also made a few remerks and closed the service.

r

It. ICI

bl 138 3r' i

i 3 .! be i 0- or ate '

Rb31:11,4 Mr. ba, °se_ -Present - Qtter v_eCirge 4,° 411(113 1110

Property Sale. 1' ThomastyMaeusestriso.nat the Be Suttonß e l al nI d n nS oonas \conductedvednesda v a sale when a number of valuable dwelling-houses and shops in Warrington were offered for purchase. There was a very large attendance. Only one of the eight lots consisting of three leasehold shops, numbered 76, 78, and 80, Knutsford-road —was disposed of, the price realized being £.630. The amounts bid for the other ' lots did not reach the reserve prices and consequently -they were withdrawn. A few, have, however,changed hands since the sale, Messrs. Cobbett, Wheeler and Cobbett, 49, Spring Gardens, Manchester, were the solicitors to the vendors. The Lawson Contract. At a meetinrY of the Water Committee of the Town Council, the fown Clerk reported that on the 15th inst., in the Scotch Court of Session before Lord Guthrie, the Corporation had obtained judgment in their favour in tbe action against Mr. George Lawson. We understand that the amounts for which judgment as obtained were £1,432 (the amount awarded by Ilx. George Hill as the result of the arbitration pro- tceedings) with interest at the rate of 5 per cent. from January 6th, and £1931 17s. 51. (the costs incurred , 13,3 T the Corporation in obtaining the award), with interest at the rate of 5 per cent. from June 6th, together with the costs of obtaining the judgment. Town Council. An additional meeting of the Town Council—the last before the new municipal year —will be held on Tuesday evening at six o'clock.—The Health Com- mittee recommends that Miss Annie Spence, of Cl-rappenhall be appointed to the position of school nurse at a salary of £BO per annum.—Howley Bridge scheme is deferred to the next meeting.—The General Purposes Committee has passed a resolution deploring the inadequacy of the Unemployed Workmen Act to deal with the question of unemployment, and asking the Government to bring in a Bill to deal with the question on National lines during the present session. --Alderman Pierpoiat will move a vote of thanks to the retiring Mayor. "HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES and" PEVERIL " .... rins GRATES are ahead of all others. Inspection invited.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. , Missionary Meeting at the Parr Hall. On Tuesday evening a public meeting in support of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts was held in the Parr Hall. There was a large attendance, the principal feature of the pro- ceedings being a lecture by the Rev. Canon Westcott, who has devoted nearly twenty years of his life to missionary work at Cawnpore. The Ven. Archdeacon Spooner, who presided,said that no country was really alive and expanding which did not do something in the matter of colonization, and it was so with regard to the Christian Church. Unless she was lengthening her cords and strengthening her stakes it was per- fectly clear that there was no vitality,and with regard tO that branch of the Church Catholic to which they belonged, especially as centred in their own country, unless she was sending forth the representatives of ' her teaching and the pioneers of the Gospel in every direction, it was perfectly clear that she was not expending. (Applause) /le wished all Nesent that night to pray that their hearts might be enlarged, their sympathies extended, and that they might, so to speak, reach outward and onward, and try to do all they possibly could to advance the cause of Christ in other lands, and by cl,ning so they would reap a benefit in their own ncines. (Applause.) The lecture by Canon Westcott was illustrated with a large number of beautiful views which he has been asked to exhibit before the Royal §ociety, and proved highly interesting and instructive. On the proposition of the Mayor, seconded by the Rector, a vote of thanks was accorded to the chair man, lecturer and organist (Mr. B. Randall). A collection was taken and realized £l3 103. Gd. The Late Mr. Alfred Barber. The late Mr. Alfred Barber, of the Old Mill Farm, ge, Whitley, whose tragic death we have already reported, r was interred on Saturday last amid many evidences of , esteem and regret. He was widely known amongst , the agricultural community, and had acted as Chair- , -'tan of the Warrington and District Farmers' Auction Company, Limited, sum February, 1001. Ur. Barber took the deepest possible interest in this successful attempt on the part of the farmers of Lancashire and Cheshire to combine for their mutual benefit was a regular attender at the weekly sales, and was very Ibpular with both the farmers and butchers. He Was also a member of the Cheshire Chamber of Agri- oklture and of the Warrington Farmers' Club. He tegularly attended the service at Whitley Church, both neorning and evening ; had, on two occasions, held ths position of churchwarden, and was the people's 11.trtrden up to the time of his death. He tepts a man of very temperate habits, and had 11,n a Sunday school teacher for many years. 1. Barber was also a manager of the Whitley Board Wellool. In politics he was a staunch Conservative. , e occupied the position of Chairman of the Whitley, 'aatrobus and Seven Oaks Polling District, and in every walk of life his genial persoaality and kindly Ntnre won for him a host of friends. The funeral Z°7tege left ale residence of the deceased at one , o.ock. After a service in Whitley Church, con- acted by the Rev. J. C. Trampleasure and the Rev. Zotph Holden, the procession proceeded to the .:-'eautiful burial ground at Hill Cliff, and here the ,4.115 t sad rites were performed. The principal 'nnarners were the sons of the deceased, and there Zas a large and sympathetic gathering of friends and eigabours. The Farmers' Auction Company was Illrasented by the whole of its directors (Mr. William 41rciough,the deputy chairman,Mr. Hugh Darbyshire, V. Thomas Ford, Mr. William Fowles, jun., Mr. S. ,Boughton, and Mr. William Taylor), the secretary, aerman Bennett), and the Assistant Secretary (Mr. W. Dyke). The auctioneer (Mr. Leonard Bennett) en tinfortunately out of town. The Warrington .11tellsr5' Association was represented by Councillor otTBleton and Ur. R. C. Shaw, and amongst many ners whom we noticed at the church or burial i were Mr. W. T. Antwiss, Mr. Thomas Baxter, (seph Baxter, Mr. Ben Bradforoit Mr. John re, Mr. James Entwistle, Mr. Robert Garton oting Messrs. Garton's Limited), Mr. Joseph ~ Mr. William Hough, Mr. John Mclntyre, Mr Mounfield, Mr. Joseph Newell and Mr. J Priestner. The funeral arrangements were in Ands of Hr. Frederick Walmsley, and there were beautiful floral tributes to the memory of a man kis' l'taa deeply respected and will long be sorely se/

Ober Ammergau Play. The London Animated Picture Company, brought their fortnight's visit to the Parr Hall to a close on Sunday evening by giving a sacred concert. The chief feature was a fine series of views of the Ober Ammergan Passion Play depicting the childhood and public life of Christ and His Passion and death. Appropriate.songs were well rendered by Hiss Helena Sleuth. _ _

----- Sequel to a Football Match. Patrick Patten, of Cockhedge-lane, Warrington, and a Wigan youth named Joseph Lattice, School-street, were charged at the Warrington Police Court on Monday with fighting in II orsemarket-street on Saturday night. Au argument arose about the foot- ball match between Warrington and Wigan, which culminated ix a free fight. A fine of ss. each was imposed. _ _

Wycliffe Young People's Society. The winter session of this society was inaugurated on Monday evening when a social was held in the Memorial Hall. The Rev. John Young presided. Songs were rendered by the Misses Alderton and Griffiths, Messrs. B. Hibbert and H. Hawthorn, and recitations by the Misses Corney and Jordan. Between 40 and 50 members attended, and a very pleasant evening was spent.

Band of Hope Union. The third of the series of lectures to Band of Hope and temperance workers on the scientific aspects of temperance was delivered in Bold-street Church Parlour on Tuesday evening by Mr. J. Jakeman, of Liverpool. In the absence of Councillor Ball, the chair was occupied by Ur. Clatwortly. The subject of the lecture was " How alcohol affects the heat of the body " and it was dealt with in a very interesting and instructive manner. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman on the proposition of Mr. Muir seconded by Mr. Dale.

Alleged Poaching. At the Warrington Occasional Court, on Monday, John Skelland, Bostock-street, was charged with being in possession of a quantity of rabbits unlaw- fully obtained. Early in the morning of September 29th, the prisoner, along with three other men, who have been dealt with by the magistrates was seen by Police-constable Preston coming along the railway embankment at Acton Grange. In his possession were found nets and pegs and fifty-nine rabbits. Prisoner was remanded to the Daresbury Petty Sessions. _ _

CUTLERY by best Sheffield makers.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Philomathic Society. A meeting of the above society was held in Gregory's Cafe on Wednesday. Mr. J. H. Mason presided over a good attendance. After the ordinary business had been concluded, the debate " Is the decline in the birth-rate to be viewed with apprehension ? " was introduced by Mr. J. Bamforth, jun., who delivered an interesting speech from the affirmative standpoint. Mr. F. J. Dunn followed, presenting some forcible arguments in support of the opposite view. When a vote was taken it was found the majority of the members supported Mr. Dunn. Entertainment at Cairo-street. On Monday evening a successsfnl entertainment was given in Cairo-street schoolroom by Mr. William Parkinson and members of the Cairo-street choir and friends. There was a fairly large audience, and the programme was much appreciated. The cinemato- graph pictures shown by Mr. Parkinson were exception- ally interesting. Mr, R. Mellor was heard to advantage in "The village blacksmith," and he was loudly applauded. Miss L. Mellor sang very tastefully "Down the vale." The part songs The Pedlar" and " Ave Maria" were ably rendered by the choir. Mr. T. Williams gave a couple of recitations " Etiquette " aad " The cruise of the Calabar," while Mr. F. Mellor sang "Asleep in the deep." Messrs. W. Vhite, G. Shaw and R. Mellor scored a success with their rendering or trio " Dame Darden."

Crippled Girls' Floral Exhibition. We would remind our readers that a six days' grand floral exhibition and sale of beautiful artificial flowers made by blind and crippled girls which has been organized by the Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission will commence at the Parr Rail on Monday next. The exhibition will be opened at three o'clock by the Mayoress, and the Mayor (Iderman Smethurst) will preside. A contingent of the afflicted girls will be at work each afternoon and evening in making various kinds of flowers. No paper flowers are made. The exhibition will be open each following day from 11 a.m. to 9.30 p.m. There will be no charge for admission. Refreshments will be provided at moderate charges, and there will be music each afternoon and evening. We hope the exhibition will be well supported by the townspeople for the work of the institution is worthy of every commendation.

PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BIST BOOTS IN LANCASTIIRE.—Advt. ' Warrington Shop Thieves. At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, Joseph Abrahams, Back Haydock-street, was charged with stealing a pair of boots value is. 11d, from outside the shop of Alfred Taylor, Winwick-street, and further, with stealing a pair of trousers, value 2s. Ild, from the shop of Messrs. Jackson, pawnbrokers.—The Chief Constable said that a boy saw prisoner cut the string which fastened the boots to the window ledge, and walk away with them. Information was given to the police, and he was arrested early on Sunday morning. With reference to the second charge the assistant in the pawnshop saw prisoner take the trousers. After a short chase he was captured, but owing to the shop being full of customers prisoner was allowed to go, but he was rearrested later.—The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for three months. Penny Popular Concerts. The popular concert at Bold-street school on Saturday evening attracted another crowded audience, and the programme proved thoroughly acceptable. The committee spare no effort to please their patrons and they are deserving of much credit for the high- class entertainments they present. Master Robert Hamer, of Accrington, who is described as "the finest boy singer in the North of England, is a vocalist of much promise, and he was repeatedly encored for his singing. Miss Carrie Hastings, the well-known local vocalist, also treated the audience to several songs. Miss Lilian Manssuer, of Liverpool, and Mr. H. Plumpton also contributed to an admirable programme. Mr. Alfred Waterworth was the humorist, and he kept the audience in rare good humour.

ART CHINA. TEA SERVICES, 40 pieces, 12s. Cd.— J. S. GARLAND, ironmonger, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., in the Pulpit. . . . -- •

Harvest thanksgiving services were held at Winwick Free Church on Sunday and were very well attended. The afternoon service was conducted by the Rev. W. Tunley, of Earlestown, who delivered an address, taking for his text the words " Oh that men would praise the Lord for His goodness." In the evening the preacher was Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. for the Newton Division and Mr. C. E. Parker, president of the WarrinOon Free Church Council also took part in the service. There was a crowded attendance. Mr. Seddon took for his text " Ye shall know them by their works." His remarks were chiefly addressed to the young men of the congregation. He pointed out the importance of the formation of character, and exhorted them to find a sheet anchor in a sound belief in the Man of Nazareth. Ur. Gore, of Atherton, con- tributed solos at each services in a very creditable manner, and the augmented choir rendered special hymns and psalms. On Monday evening an enter. tamment was given. The Warrington Bijou Orchestra and several local artists contributed to the success of the evening entertainment, which was followed by a sale of fruit and vegetables. The collections amounted to between and

Stiff Sentence on a Burglar. At the Chester Assizes on Tuesday, William Peel (SO), tailor, pleaded guilty to two charges of burglary and one of housebreaking.—The first two offences were at the houses of the Rev. L. J. T. Daman, of Walton, and Mr. John Lever Tillotson, Higher Bebington, and the last at the residence of Ur. George Norman, Stockton Heath.—Mr. Harrison, barrister (Manchester), explained that the offences were com- mitted in January, but the prisoner had been in the Warrington Infirmary since. When Peel was in Mr. Norman's honed he was disturbed, and jumped from a first-floor window. He was picked up in a collapsed state, having severe wounds from an open knife which he had in his pocket.— Inspector Lees said Peel was a confirmed criminal, having eighteen convictions, which amounted to 33 years.—Mr. Justice Lawrence observed that the prisoner appeared to have been engaged in a life of crime since 1881, and had had sentences of ten, three, and four years. He was an instance which proved the views put forward by a recent report on the effect of short sentences, namely, that although they were useful in many cases, they did not operate in others, particularly burglary. Burglaries were increasing, and the crime apparently was made a profession. Prisoner would have to go to penal servitude for seven years.

Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary. The Hon. Secretary to the Workingmen's Com- mittee begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the sum of 4s. ld., received from Hr. W. Patrick, Hon. Secretary Warrington Works Bowling Association, being proportion of proceeds of charity match played August 22nd, DOS. Fire at Bank Quay Station. A fire broke out on Saturday night in a small shed situated a short distance beyond the platform at Bank Quay Station, and containing a quantity of oil, &c, used for illuminating purposes. The Fire Brigade were telephoned for, and they quickly arrived on the scene under the direction of the Superintendent and Deputy-Superintendent, but their services were not required, as the Company's fire brigade found them- selves able to cope with the outbreak. The damage is slight.

PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER VTR CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—AdVt. Market Stall Theft. William Harry Forrest, a school boy, of 16 Gilbert- street, was charged at the Borough Police Court on Monday, with stealing two shirts, the property of Harry Percival, from a market stall on Sunday, 18th October.—lt appears that at 11.20 on Sunday morning the defendant was seen by a police officer at the prosecutor's stall, which is slightly broken, abstract- ing the clothing by means of a fork, which enabled him to hook them out. When defendant saw the officer he ran away and hid underneath a stall, but was caught. When questioned at the Police Station he admitted having stolen a shirt the previous Sunday. —The by in answer to the charge said that his mother had told him to steal the articles. She gave him the fork to hook them out and she waited outside the market for him.—The Chief Constable stated that the mother had absconded.—The boy after a severe reprimand from the Mayor, was ordered to receive six strokes with the birch rod.

" Muria England." The Royal Court Theatre was crowded in every part on Saturday evening when the operatic members of the Warrington Musical Society gave their conclud- ing performance of "Morrie England." It was an evening of triumphs. Everything went with a delightful swing and the principals were constrained to respond to encores time after time. At the close there was a remarkably enthusiastic demonstration. The curtain was rung up and as the leading characters passed across the stage they were the recipients of bouquets and numerous other presents from their admirers. In response to loud and repeated calls Mr. Frank IL Crossley, the musical director and con- ductor, Mr. Foden Williams, the coach and stage manager, who have worked so indefatigably for the success of the production, came forward and were applauded to the echo. The performers then joined in singing " Auld Lang Syne, ' thus bringing to a close a week which will long be recalled with pleasure by all concerned. Special mention should be made of the valuable services of Mr. Fred J. Reece, the popular acting manager of the Royal Court Theatre, to whose willing co-operation it was largely due that the arrangements worked so smoothly.

ss. will buy a SAFETY RAZOR with 12 blades.— J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51 Bridge-street Warrington.—Advt.

Shop-lifting by Warrington Women. - At Staffordshire Quarter Sessions, on Tuesday, Annie Miller (43), married, and her daughters,Miriam (21), and Annie (22), servants who gave an address in Chorlton-street, off Forest-street, Latchford, War- rington, were charged with haying, at Longton, on September 16th, stolen two watches from the shop of Edith Andrews, jeweller, Stafford-street, and a gold wedding ring from the shop of William Thorpe Simmonds, jeweller,Market-terrace. Mr. B. C. Brough for the prosecution stated that the women called at the two shops ostensibly to buy a wedding ring, but they made no purchase. When they had left Miss Andrew's shop two watches were missed off the counter and Mr.Simmouds missed a wedding ring from his shop. Miriam took the responsibility for the thefts upon her shoulders, but the other prisoners denied the charges. Mrs. Miller said that Miriam told her, as they were riding home in the tram, that she had taken two watches,and she then urged Miriam to take them back to the shop.—On the charge of stealing the watches the mother and Annie were found not guilty, bat they were convicted of stealing the ring.—Detective- Sergeant Meacock stated that the elder and younger prisoners had been in trouble at Warrington.—The Assistant Chairman (sir Reginald Hardy) said the mother, who should have kaown better, would have to go to gaol for nine months, and the two daughters for sa months. PUBL/0 BENKTIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. A Deserving Institution. . .

Among the deserving of the many philanthropic institutions of our great Metropolis must be numbered Mr. John A. Groom's Industrial Training Home for Afflicted, Blind and Crippled Girls in connection with , the Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission. I Warrington has on previous occasions been favoured I with visits from the blind and crippled girls. An ' opportunity will now be afforded of witnessing the wonderful result which has attended the training imparted to these poor afflicted ones. The Parr Hall will be occupied from Monday to Saturday, October 2G-31, with an exhibition of flowers made by the girls, of whom there are 250 blind and crippled, in the London home. His Worship the Mayor (Alderman J. Smethurst, J.P.) will preside at the opening ceremony on Monday, at three o'clock, and on the following days the exhibition will be open from 11 a.m. to 9.30 p.m. daily, admission free. The girls will be seen at work making the flowers, and those who visit the hall will be astonished, as well as delighted, with all they see there. Local ladies will preside at the stalls, music will be provided at intervals, and an opportunity will be afforded of purchasing artificial flowers of all kinds at prices within the reach of everyone, and thus help- ing on an excellent work. Mr. Alfred Troughton, 28, Lovely-lane, is making the local arrangements for the exhibition, which promises to be a great success.

1 , : i ' . ..,. , . ' 111: --, , , , : L , i , 9 r t t I r r 1 ; t , x , ct 1 1- r a if 5 , 9 1 5 , r - )f o ro es' i ca 1 or 0- 5. ye ye re ..#, ,i 4 ,

.17 '

===== 0002601_19081024_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. JOHN YONGE. Seventieth BirilTdisT Celebrated at Wycliffe.

Yesterday was the seventieth birthday of the Rev. John Yonge, the respected pastor of Wycliffe Congre- gational Church, and the happy event was fittingly celebrated by the members of his congregation last evening. An At Home" was held in the Memorial Building, when Mr. and Mrs. Yonge received hearty congratulations from several hundred friends. After- wards there was a meeting in the Church, presided over by Mr. Ziba Armitage. Amongst others present were the Revs. T. Willis (secretary of the Lancashire Congregational Union), W. Bracecamp, C. Harvey Cook, J. F. Matthews, Harold Spencer (London), John Gunnell, H. Wall, J. B. Bugloss, J. S. Hughes, and J. L. Milne, Mr. C. E. Parker (president of the Warrington Free Church Council), and the officers of the Church. Mr. EDWARD WALLINGTON read a number of interest- ing letters. One was from Mr. Yonge's old congrega- tion at Heywood and conveyed the heartiest good wishes. Mr. F. Monks wrote: Mr. Yonge has given of his best not only to his own congregation but to all the public institutions of the town with which he has been connected. I think it is now more than thirty years since he came to live amongst us' and during the whole of that time he has given himself most devotedly td the work of the Master Whom he serves with such loyalty and affection. Letters were also received from Mr. E. J.Guest, Mr. W. J, Burnarn, of Evesham, and Mr. John Chater, of Liverpool, and a telegram from Mr. William Crosfleld, Liverpool. . . .

_ The CHAIRMAN said the occasion was one of great interest and was worthy of some note. Their pastor had reached the allotted span of human life, nearly half of which had been spent in the service of Wycliffe Church. If some of their friends thought there were troublous times in store let them take courage by that meeting and the feeling of unanimity concerning their Master of which it was the expression. He knew of no trouble ahead excepting one which they could all fore- see and that was connected with the future retirement of Mr. Yonge which might come at any time within the next ten or twenty years. (Laughter.) True he had been with them for thirty-two years but they had read of much longer pastorates.—(Applause.) Mr. GEORGE WALLINOTON,on behalf of the members, deacons and officers of the Church wished Mr. Yonge many happy returns of the day, and voiced their high appreciation of his work. When he came to Wycliffe they had great expectations of him—expectations which had been fully realized. The Rev. HAROLD SPENCER (London), referred to the rare qualities of Mr. Yonge's sermons andto the robust- ness and manliness of his teaching. Congratulatory speeches were also delivered by Mr. DAVID OWEN (for the Suuday School), Mr. HOLLAND (for Cockhedge Mission), the Rev, T. WILLIS (for the Lancashire Congregational Union), Mr. C. E. PARKER (for the Free Church Council), and the Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS,(for the local Nonconformist ministers.) The Rev. JOTIN YONGE feelingly replied and expressed his cordial thanks to the congregation for the loyal support accorded to him. Daring the evening a capital musical programme was submitted.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS.

Unless the unexpected happens at the eleventh hour, there will be only two contests for municipal honours in Warrington on November 2nd. To-day (Saturday) is the last day for receiving nominations, and up to last evening, papers had been handed in on behalf of the following candidates : Town Hall Ward Mr. T. Dirties (I.) Whitecross Ward Coun. Jas. Evans (L.) Bewsey Ward Coun. Jas. Dickenson (N.T.) Howley Ward Coun. T. Chantler (C.) Latchford Ward Coun. J. Pemberton (C.N.T.) St. John's Ward Coun. Jas. Ball (S.) Mr. F. J. Lashford (C.) Orford Ward Mr. P. Peacock (L.) Mr. J. Hampson (S.) Mr. J. A. Rushworth (C.) Fairfield Ward Conn. J. G._Crailr CIO

St. Austin's Ward Coun. Dr. Joseph ‘(C.) ORFORD WARD.

The contest in this ward Is being most vigorously conducted. The Liberal candidate is Mr. Peter Peacock, 62, West-street, traffic manager, who is proposed by Elijah Cunningham, seconded by Teddy Spittle, and supported by Joseph Dickenson, James Millett, Martin Thomas Healey, Benjamin Rutter, Abraham Smart,John G. Williams, Thomas Creagan, Robert Ridpath. Also proposed by Thomas Hardman, seconded by Alfred Wood, supported by Frederick Hammersley, William Sheldon, John Crompton,Henry James Marshall,Sainuel Davies, John William Higgins, George Dickenson, John Barker. Also proposed by Joseph Richard Froggatt, seconded by Walter Leigh, supported by George Henry Perry, William Rylands Alcock, Arthur William Pennington, William Payton, William Marshall, George Pugh, John Edward Green- way, William Spencer. Also proposed by John Rudge, jun., seconded by Herbert Davies, supported by Robert Cade, jun., Robert Pemberton, Joseph Thomas Cooper, Denis Dagnall, Joseph Lee, John Stauway, Henry , Forster, Thomas Connor. Also proposed by George Samuel H. Galin, seconded by John NVilliam Langley, supported by John Cross, Anthony Potter, Edwin , Hewitt Dutton, Henry East, Albert Edward Baker,John Taylor, Thomas Taylor, William Hatton. Also pro- posed by John Joseph Smith, seconded by William Smith, supported by Joseph Blount Sollory, William Henry Field, Thomas Harrison, Edward H. Whittaker, John Nolan, Isaac H. Whittaker, junr., Thomas E. Narraway, Robert Cartwright. Proposed by John Henry Lee, seconded by John Henry Archer, supported by W. Phipps, Herbert Stokes, Samson Green, Isaac Eaves, William J. Webb, James Byrom, vvilliam E. Lewis, John Mullins. Also proposed by John S. Knight, seconded. by Norman Onie, supported .by SamueliWilkinson, William Armitage, Thomas Daintith, George James !Allison; James E. Parkinson. T. Mullin, E. Norbury and E. Minton. Mr. Peacock's workers are sparing no effort to secure his return and the prospect is very encouraging. As a progressive Mr. Peacock presents a programme which should appeal particularly to the working classes and he advocates improvements which would be of the greatest advantage to the residents in the ward. A meeting in support of his candidature will be held in Silver-street schools next Thursday evening. ST. JOHN'S WARD.

Councillor Jas. Ball, 18, Causeway-avenue, Warrington (secretary), is proposed by Jas. Shaw, seconded by William P'ellowes, supported by Thos. Grundy, Alfred Abbott, William Peet, John Henry Bradbury, Ernest Gerrard, Enoch Lightfoot, Richard Morrell, Thomas Henry Kettle. Other proposers and seconders: Thomas C. Millington, Samuel Swindells, Samuel Wright, Samuel Short, Catherine Houghton, Mary Shaw, Thomas Ferguson, William Crawby. The Independent Labour party and other labour organisations are making a strenuous fight on behalf of Councillor Ball, who, during his three years of office has proved himself a most capable representative.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR BALL'S CANDIDATURE.

Opposition's Disgraceful Tactics. Lively Meeting.

Disgraceful scenes were witnessed at a meeting held in Hardy-street on Thursday evening in support of the I candidature of Councillor James Ball in St. John's I Ward. It was evident from the outset that there was an organized opposition, and the speakers had to con- tend with a constant firs of interruptions. Women and Qhildren were largely responsible for the disturbance. They tried to drown till voices of the speakers by making as much noise as possible with rattles and trays, while fireworks, stones and till cans were directed at the platform. Nevertheless the promoters of the meeting were undaunted, and although at such a great disadvan- tage they managed to state their views and reply to Tory misrepresentations. The interruptions went on from the beginning to the end of the meeting. There was a very large audience, and the tactics resorted to by the opposition did not seem to prejudice Coun- cillor Ball's position—in fact the feeling of the great majority of the men present appeared to be one of dis- gust that a candidate should receive such disgraceful treatment. Mr. JOSEPH PODMORE, Jun., presided and spoke highly of Councillor Ball's intellectual qualifications I and moral character and repudiated the insinuations which had been made by opponents in endeavouring to identify him with Mr. Blatchford's views on religion. Councillor Ball, he pointed out, was a Christian worker and had spoken with great acceptance at places of worship in the neighbourhood. Mr. Podmora urged the necessity of backing up the Labour party's influence in Parliament by Labour representation on local bodies, so that the laws could be administered in the interests of the workers. Mr. J. HAMPSON, the Socialist candidate for Orford Ward, spoke on general labour topics and emphasised the advantages of a municipal coal supply and public control of various undertakings. Councillor B.u.r. replied to a Roman Catholic ques- tion on the subject of religious education. He pointed out that there was no religious difficulty in Warrington as children were able to be brought up in the faith of their parents in the denominational schools, while in the Council schools there was a religious syllabus which had the approval of all parties. He expressed himself in favour of administering the Act in the fairest possible way and his answer appeared to give general satisfaction. The candidate proceeded to defend his attitude in the Council on various questions concerning the interests of labour. He strongly repudiated the insinuation of atheism, pointing out that he had actually addressed the Bible class at St. Peter's Church on several occasions. He could not compli- ment the Conservative leaders on allowing such an insinuation to go forth, knowing, as they must, that it was false. Councillor Ball replied at some length to statements by Mr. W. P. Rylands. That gentleman had stated that the producer had the first charge upon all production. That was exactly the ground work of Socialism and he was glad to see that Mr. Rylands was coming over to the Socialist side. (Laughter.) Mr. Rylands had stated that he did not want the Council to be composed entirely of Con- servatives. Why, therefore, did he want three Con- servatives to represent St. John's Ward ? It was necessary to have men in the Council who could express their views • intelligently, as much of the work was done in committee and a Councillor must be able to voice his opinions there. At the close of the meeting the men in the audience were asked if they would vote for Councillor Ball and I there was a practically unanimous response of Yes." ' Councillor Ball's candidature has received the endorsement of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council, representing some thousands cf workers, and he has had oilers of help from other organization.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rechabites and Councillor Broadhurst.

[To THE EDITOR "EXAMINER."] Sir,—Having had already a large number of inquiries from the members of the Branch of the Independent Order of Rechabites of which I have the honour to be the Secretary and also from members of other branches iof the Order n Warrington District, asking if some- thing cannot be done with respect to the attitude of Councillor James Broadhurst in giving his support during the corning municipal elections in Warrington in the favour of the candidate of a Publican as being a direct violation of the covenant and rules of our Order of which tie is a member. I have been instructed by the Executive of my Tent to request you to publish through the columns of your valuable paper, for the benefit of our members and also for our temperance friends and workers in Warrington, that Councillor James Broadhurst some months ago, by a resolution of the members of Charity Tent, ceased to be a member of our branch 'of the Independent Order of Rechabites. WILLIAM WRIGHT, (Signed on behalf of the Executive). 30, Marslahouse-lane, Warrington, October 22nd, 1908.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CITIZENS' TEMPERANCE LEAGUE.

Questions for the Candidates.

The Warrington Citizens' Temperance League has sent the following to each candidate : The Warrington Citizens' Temperance League views with concern the large representation of the Licensed Trade upon the Town Council and inasmuch as the excessive consumption ot intoxicating liquors in the County Borough is a cause of much of the poverty and degradation existing in our midst—involving a heavy burden upon the ratepayers and the community gener- ally—and as the Town Council are entrusted with the duty of controlling the police and enforcing the Licensing Laws, will you kindly give your answers to the following questions:- 1. Will you, if elected, vote against anyone con- nected with the liquor trade being placed upon the Watch Committee, whose duties are so largely concerned with the control of that trade? _ _ _

2. If elected. will you use -;o-t;r To-siii-on. for the better administration of the existing Licensing Laws? 3. As licensed properties in the Town are notoriously

under-assessed, are you in favour of their

re-assessment. Awaiting your reply on the form herewith, to cover which we enclose a stamped addressed envelope. We are, Dear Sir, Your obedient servants, The Warrington Citizens' Temperance League, G. A. LEACH, Hon. Secretary. Warrington, 23rd October, 1908.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A HORSE WARRANTY. -- Warrington Grocers Obtain Damages.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, N.C., Messrs. Edwin Richardson and on, Limited, wholesale grocers,Bridge- street, Warrington, brought an action against George Barnes, Beech Tree Inn, Barnton, near Northwich, for £ll 15s. Bd. damages for breach of warranty in respect of a horse. Mr. William Proctor, barrister, Liverpool (instructed by Mr. E. Draper, on behalf of Messrs. Robert Davies and Co.) appeared for the plaintiffs and Mr. William Madden, barrister, Liverpool (instructed by Messrs. A. and J. E. Fletcher, Northwich) repre- sented the defendant. Plaintiffs' case was that being in want of a pony in Juno of this year they heard that the defendant had one to sell. Mr. Jackson, secretary and director of the company, went over to Barnton and saw the defendant with the result that the pony was brought to Warring- ton on June 24th. In conversation with Mr. J. E. Richardson, managing director, the defendant denied that anything had happened to the animal to cause him to sell it after he had had it for three weeks and he further stated that the pony was sound in every respect. Mr. Jackson drove the pony round the cannons at Arpley, a warehouseman named John William Gregson, also being in the trap, while Mr. Richardson and the defendant watched the pony to see how it would go. Subsequently in the yard at the Roebuck Hotel defendant repeated his assurance as to the soundness of the animal, in the presence of Mr. Jackson and Gregson. It was arranged that the company should purchase the pony for £25 and on the following day defendant came to Warrington and received a cheque for that amount, along with ss. for his expenses. On June 27th the pony was turned out to grass. On July 11th Mr. Richardson sent one of his men to bring it to town and from what the man told him on arrival Mr. Richardson inspected the pony and called in Mr. Hewitt, veterinary surgeon, who reported that it was blind in the right eye and had curbs on its hocks. He also stated that it was suffering from cataract in the eye and as the cataract was com- plete and covered the whole of the lens it must have been there for some time—probably not less than six months. Mr. Richardson saw his solicitor who gave notice to the defendant to take the pony back and that failing his doing so, it would be sold. Defendant refused to take it back and it was sold at the public sale of the Warrington and District Farmers Auction Company, Ltd., on July 17th to Mr. R. C. Shaw, whole- sale butcher, for £l5 4s. 6d. less 15s. 2d. commission. Plaintiffs also claimed £1 for the keep of the pony. Evidence in support of the plaintiffs' case was given by Mr. J. E. Richardson, Mr. John Jackson, John William Gregson, the warehouseman, Mr. Samuel J. Hewitt, veterinary surgeon, and Mr. Leonard Bennett who proved the sale. For the defence it was contended that when Mr. Jackson went to Barnton to see the pony he was told that it was being sold because it was too keen for Mrs. Barnes to drive and it ran away with her, so that she refused to sit behind it any longer. At the interview in the Roebuck Hotel yard, when asked as to the sound- ness of the pony, defendant stated that he knew nothing about horses, but he had bought it as sound and sold it as he had bought it. It was also stated that at the time of the sale there was nothing wrong with the pony's eyes and it had not curbs on its hocks. For the defendant's case, evidence was given by Mr. and Mrs. Barnes, and Mr. Eastwood, veterinary surgeon, Northwich. In answer to Mr. Proctor, Mr. Eastwood stated that he examined the pony on July 27th, and on that date there was a convexity of the cornea, which rendered it impossible for him to zay whether there was a cataract, consequently he was unable to contradict Mr. Hewitt's evidence as to the condition of the eye on July 14th. Defendant called seven other witnesses, including a number of farmers who stated that they saw the pony shortly before it was sold to the 'company and failed to notice anything wrong with its eyes or hocks. His Honour decided that the weight of evidence was in favour of a warranty having been given and in the absence of expert testimony in contradiction of Mr Hewitt's statemen the must conclude that at the time of sale the pony was tuffering from a cataract in the right eye and was consequently unsound. He must give judg- ment for the plaintiff for the amount claimed with costs. Mr. Madden applied on behalf at the defendant for time in which to pay the amount, and after some dis- mission his Honour made an order for payment by instalments of £2 per month.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME

It is a long time since even this popular place of amusement ha,s resounded with such peals of laughter as are to be heard nightly this week when Karno's comedians are on the stage. Anything connected with Karma usually means fun and frolic, and in the burlesque entitled"lfummingßirds" the Karno troupe nof comedians are see at their best. The whole thing is an extravagant " take off" of the modern music- hall, and indicates considerable skill and ingenuity on the part of its author as well as performers. A miniature music-hall is erected on the stage, com- plete even to side boxes, which are all occupied with an " audience " bent on providing half the fun. The " turns " include the topical vocalist, the Swiss Nightingale, the Rustic Glee Party, the Conjuror, the Saucy Seri°, and the Terrible Turkey. They are all capital burlesques and form a humorous entertain- ment which it would be difficult to excel. The Bros. Ashley make a return visit with their barber's shop sketch, introducing plenty of boxing comedy which keeps everybody in the merriest of moods. A clever male impersonator is Winifred Hare, known as the "immaculate boy," who presents a very smart and attractive appearance and sings three songs which have considerable tune and " g 3." Dan Whitley appears as a comedian of the eccentric type and makes a hit with the song " It's for your sake, Pm singing here to-night." Baines and Reed score as tumblers and knockabouts in their epeciality " Humpsti Bumpsti," and smart work is done by Cliff and Kean, comedy artistes. The Denaro Brothers are capital juvenile equilibrists, and Lily Hayes as skirt dancer and comedienne is particularly ' pleasing. The biegcaph and the band, as usual, are excellent.

PERFECTION SOAP WORKS BAND. PRESENTATION OF THE CUP. Au interesting ceremony took place at the Palace last evening when the Perfection Soap Works Band was formally presented with the handsome Silver Challenge Cup, valued at 50 guineas, won in the recent national competition at the Crystal Palace in which the band obtained second place. There was a large audience, and the band's magnificent rendering of the test piece " Rienzi "(Wagner) was enthusiastic- ally received. Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., was amongst those present. Mr. MossE announced that Mr. J. H. Iles, who was announced to present the cup, was unable to attend, and Mr. G D. Bradbury, the manager of the Palace, had kindly undertaken the duty. Mr. Bitapsurtv, in handing the trophy to Mr. W. Taylor(secretary of the band)said that was not the first time they had had the pleasure of listening to the band's beautiful music, and he trusted that next year they would be able to say that Warrington was the i proud possessor of the premier band n England. (Loud applause.) Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., was present, and it must be a source of pride to him that the band associated with his works was the second best band in the country. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19081024_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SACRED CONCERT.

The first of a series of sacred concerts will be given in the Hippodrome to-morrow (Sunday) evening, under the auspices of the Amalgamated Musicians' Union. The proceeds will be divided between the Benevolent Fend of the Union and local charities. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week an excellent programme will be pre- sented by the following artistes:—Nat Clifford, the nimble favourite, in new and old creations ; Jessie Burnett, comedienne ; Alunroes flack and White Comedy Team; Happy Attwood, comedian ; Three Royal Temples, operatic vocalists, including Madam Louie Gilbert ; Dan Merrett, world's champion exhibition bass drummer, late of his Majesty's army; Keith and Alerson, in their hunting absurdity "The Meet"; Effie White, kaleidoscopic and fire dancer.

BRUNNER MOND'S SCHEME FOR UNE lIPLOYED. On Wednesday night Messrs. Brunner, Mond and Company, the great chemical manufacturers, officially announced an important scheme to provide employ- ment for an increased number of men. After Monday next, at their four works—Winnington, Lostock, Middlewich, and Sandbach—skilled workers, day labourers, Sto., probably totalling over 4,000 men, will work an hour less per day, additional men being engaged to work the difference. Preference will be given to men previously employed by the firm. The labourers' week will be reduced from 491 hours to 411, and the " tradesmen's " from 43 to 43.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RAILWAY TRAFFIC DISORGANISED.

On Monday afternoon the railway service in the Runcorn district was temporarily disorganised through an engine jumping the metals on the up main line at a little distance from the station. The accident occurred at about three o'clock, and the line was not clear until 6.30.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

It is stated that Councillor Edwin Wood is to be opposed in Farnworth Ward by Mr. T. A. Ballough, wuo last November was rejected for Simms Cross Ward. The cantest should prove a keen one, as both are well-known gentlemen locally. DEATH OF WELL-KNOWN SIIIP CANAL PILOT 11 The death took place on Monday morning at Runcorn of Captain Henry Hill, of lireenvay-road. The deceased, who was 47 yell-4 of age, had been ailing for some time, but it was only a fortnight ago that he was obliged to take to his bed. The cause of death was typhoid fever.—The deceased captain was a first-class pilot on the Upper Mersey and Ship Canal. He had held the position since the opening of the Ship Canal. He was acknowledged to be one of the smartest pilots in the district, and was highly popular both with captains and owners on account of his efficiency and never-varying urbanity. He was never a member of the ' Pilot-age Committee, but it was well-known that the position was open to him had he cared to accept it. Prior to his pilotage days he was a master of coasting vessels. In fact, he had spent his whole life on the water. He was a very familiar figure in Runcorn, and his common sense and genial good nature made him a host of friends. He leaves a widow and nine children. —The funeral took place at Runcorn Cemetery on Wednesday.

REWARD FOR A WIDNES HERO. At the Widnes Police Court on Monday, Superinten- dent Strickland asked the chairman (Mr. J. B. Aitken) to make a presentation to Mr. James Burgess, of 43, Chelmondeley-street, Widnes, for saving the life ot James Turner, a five-year-old boy, who accidentally fell into the river on the 30th August last. As a strong tide was running, Burgess, wittwut hesitating, seeing the danger, divested himself of his cost and plunged into the river. He succeeded in bringing the boy to the river side, where he was assisted to land. The presen- tation consisted of an illuminated address, a medal, and 30s. in money, given by the Liverpool Shipwreck and Humane Society. The Chairman, addressing the recipient, said it gave him great pleasure to make the presentation, and expressed a few congratulatory remarks regarding his conduct, and those remarks were endorsed by Councillor Thomas Smith, who said that had the tide, which was on the ebb taken Burgess another two yards both would have been drowned. He also referred to Burgess's career in the Army, and was proud of such a citizen. Burgess heartily thanked Mr. J. B. Aitken for his kind remarks, and said he only did his duty. STRERT GAMBLERS IN WIDNES. HEAVY PENALTIES IMPOSED.

At Widnes, before Mr. Ben Brown and Mr. Max Muspratt, on Thursday, Richard Carr, of Lngsdale-road, was summoned for street betting near the Vine Chemical IVorks on the 15th.—Police-Constable Jones said that in company with Police-constable Scarborough he saw Carr take the slips and money to make Lets. Witness came out of his hiding-place and arrested him. At the police station £5 15s. in money and twelve slips were found in his possession. In answer to the charge he pleaded guilty and said "it is the last time."—The Chairman said he was carrying on a serious business. He was getting a decent living at the works, and still he was enticing these men to go on with the betting system. It was a dangerous thing for men like the defendant to find work. He would be fined £lO and costs or two months.— Walter Allen was also charged with frequenting Pear- street on the 21st for the purpories of betting. Police. constable Wrigley stated that he saw Allen take slips and money from fifteen men and two women. They gave chase and caught him in a back entry close by. At the police station £2 2s. 3d. and twenty-five slips were found in his possession. Superintendent Strick- land said prisoner had been twice before the magistrate for the same thing.—The Chairman, in imposing a fine of £25 and costs or three months, said that the last time he was before them he promised to give it up, and the leniency meted out to him had had very little effect.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

EARLESTOWN GLEE SOCIETY'S VICTORY.

At the Tyldesley Eisteddfod, on Saturday, the Earlestown Glee Society. under the conductorship of Mr. Hughes, was placed first in the choral competition. CAPTURED BY NIGHT WATCHNIAN.

At Preston Sessions on Wednesday, Henry Billings PO, labourer, Old-road, Latchford, was charged with breaking into the OfliCe of the Vulcan Foundry, Newton-10-Willows, and wounding John Higgins, night watchman. Higgins caught him, on September 251 h, in the office, and locked him in the caretaker's lodge. After sending for the palice, prisoner, the prosecution alleged, deliberately attacked Higgins with a knife, and cut his hand so badly that he had been off work since. Prisoner said he only wanted to escape. Higgins seized the handkerchief round his neck, and he endeavoured to cut it, so as to free himself. The Bench accepted prisoner's statement, and only sentenced him to fifteen months' hard labour. THEFT OF A WATCH.

At the Warrington County Petty Sessions, on Wednes, day, John Whalen xvas charged with stealing a silver lever watch, value 405., from the dwelling-house of 5 Derby-road, Vulcan, Newton, the property of John Moss. On Sunday, September 25th, prisoner called at the prosecutor's and obtained lodgings on the assump- tion that he had to interview one of the managers of the Vulcan Works the next morning. The watch was left hanging from a nail in the wall, and after the prisoner's departure it was missed, but was afterwards traced by the police to have been pledged at a pawn- shop in Warrington. The magistrates sent him to gaol for one month.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SOCIALIST DEMONSTRATION AT ST. HELENS. GERMAN VIEW OF UNENIPLOYED PROBLEM. MR. SEDDON AND THE GRAYSON INCIDENT.

On Sunday afternoon a great Socialist demonstra tion was held in the Hippodrome, St. Helens, and although it is one of .the largest building in the town it was well filled, the proceedings being most enthusiastic.—Dc. Sudekum, a member of the German [ Reichstag, who was the principal speaker, said they were suffering from a great deal of unemployment in , this country, and not only in the industrial towns in i 11 the North of England but n London he saw crowded 'masses of out-of-works. Things were not very different in his own country. For many years they had not had so many unemployed in Germany as this year. Germany was protected by a tariff, and a high one, and it was a common fact that in protected Ger- many as well as in unprotected England there were many hungry men out of work. He declared emphati- cally, however, that Protection was no remedy, and it could not be said that the proportion of misery was greater in the unprotected country than in the protected country. If there were differences they were due to other causes, perhaps to the higher education of the German people, but the strong Socialist movement in Germany gave the German labourer a strong self- consciousness, a feeling of self-respect and responsi- bility, and a highly developed solidarity. They would not go on an election day and vote for their enemies. (Applause.) In England they were not likely to have an Act of Coercion for Socialists, but there were other dangers. He referred to the increased danger of war. owing to Tariff Reformers. It was quite true that up to now there had been no war openly because of tariffs. " There is no doubt," he said, " that the relations between Great Britain and Germany were drifting in dangerous directions. There is areal basis for interested men to fan the small spark of suspicion to the full blaze of strife. The professional soldier, the financier, the builder of battleships, and all those politicians who in England as well as in Germany prefer excitement about their enemy across the sea to agitation on behalf of the unemployed, have started their needless —, dangerous pante. There is a real and natur 0 rivalry on the field of commerce between th two nations. England began early to exploit the world : Germany began late, but profited by England's experience. The rivalry ought to have been confined to brains and education and the application of science to industry, but by the malign interest of militarism it has become a rivalry of battleships and military expense, and something is wanted to carry home to the convictions of both peoples the fact that organised political parties and influences are vigilantly ranging themselves in opposition to those belligerent forces, and I think it cannot be done better than by the Labour and Socialist forces of both countries pledging themselves to resist further ship-building programmes and fraternising with each other as a visible proof that the anti-war forces are much stronger than is supposed in both countries. (Cheers). If it is in opposition to the will of the majority of both peoples war is impossible. (Cheers.) Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. for the Newton division, welcomed the utterances of their friend from Germany on the questions of tariff reform and war. They had to recognise that, so far as the Industrial democracy was concerned, their quarrel was not with the German or the Frenchman ' • their quarrel was with the people whe were on their backs at the present time, the people who were exploiting their industry.—(Cheers.) The workers, with hand and brain, were beginning to recog

I nise that under existing conditions they had to strike out a new road for themselves, and their answer was that the only road was Socialism.—(Cheers.) Referring to the attitude taken up last week by Mr. Victor Grayson on the unemployed question, he said he did not believe in running his head against a brick wall ; but he gave credit to one man who was leading the Labour forces of this country, who, when he was alone, stood up for the unemployed, and he was pre- , pared to follow the lead of Mr. Keir Hardie. As far as I the unemployed were concerned, when he said it was time to strike, the blow would be struck, not by a unit, but by the whole of the Labour party acting and work- ing together. (Applause.) Replying to a question at the close of the meeting, Mr. Seddon said the Labour party asked the Govern- ment what they were prepared to do, and Mr. Asquith made a definite promise that he would lay his proposals before the House of Commons. When they had a definite promise made by the Government it was their place to do nothing until that promise was broken or carried out, wen Monday or Tuesday came. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19081024_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAFALGAR DAY.

Alderman Bennett's Essay Competition.

Wednesday was Trafalgar Day and England once more paid homage to the memory of our great naval hero Nelson, and his memorable victory and death at Trafalgar. At Warrington the.occasion was marked by the presentation of the prizes annually offered by Alder- man Bennett for the best essays by pupils at the local day schools on a selected topic emphasising the out- standing lesson of the anniversary—" Duty." This year the subject chosen was" My duty to Warrington " and some very creditable essays were submitted. In the elementary schools the honour of becoming the holders for twelve months of the shield presented by Alderman Bennett is eagerly sought. So close was the competitlon on this occasion between scholars representing the Arpley-stre2t and St. James' schools that the trophy will be held by each school for six months in turn. In addition the successful essayists received book prizes. The Secondary School does not compete for the shield but the pupils there had an equally strong incentive to , excel in essay-writing, as Alderman Bennett offered some interesting books to the winners in the upper school, and the principal (Mr. E. S. A. Robson) supple- mented these with two awards for the most successful competitors in the lower school.

/tr.:Lerman BENNETT first visited the Secondary School and had an enthusiastic reception. He was welcomed on behalf of the scholars by Mr. Robson who also offered some general criticisms on the essays. Some of the writers, he said, treated the subject too gener- ally, 'while others seemed to imagine that they were on the Town Council and that it was their duty to erect new buildings and improve the town by increased electric lighting and other means. Others divided their essays into three parts—duty at school, duty when they entered upon practical life, and duty when they grew up to manhood and womanhood. In some cases that idea had been well worked out but some of the essayists were too careful to drag in almost everything as a matter of duty, with the result that their easays had become rather wearisome to read. There was a danger of their becoming humbugs because they wrote things which they would probably never think of carry- ing out. Mr. Robson caused some amusement by relating bow nearly all the 250 essayists emphasised that it was their duty to pick up paper which they found lying about and thus help the work of the Beautiful Warrington Society. In order to test them he put some paper in the playground and it remained there for several days but no one ventured to pick it up. (Laughter.) Alderman BuxNurr then delivered an address in which he emthasised the lessons of the day and pointed out that it was expected of Englishmen that they should do their duty in every walk of life. With regard to the successful essays at that school, he was very pleased with them and thought they reflected great credit on Ur. Robson, the teaching staff and the scholars. One of the most inspiring motives for doing one's duty to Warrington was its past history which they should all I read, for it would make them feel proud of the town. 11 They were indeed "citizens of no mean city." The I Alderman referred to the distinctions achieved by War- rington's sons in many branches of life and proceeded to point out that although Warringtonians had great causes for pride there was much in the town of Nvhich they should be ashamed. He alluded to the horrible slums, which were hardly fit for pigs to lire in and yet many of our brothers and sisters had to spend their days in them, the smoky skies, hideous houses, and the drunken men and women whom we sometimes saw about the streets. The town, however, with all its virtues and defects was just a reflection of its inhabitants and the more public spirit and good living were promoted the more would it improve. Alderman Bennett men- tioned that one of the essayists in the elementary schools declared he would like to be "Lord Mayor of Warrington " while another aspired to representing the town in Parliament.

The two successful essayists in the upper school wer Ethel Shepherd, 63, Manchester-road,and John Sephton I.OS, Legh-street, Earlestown. Alderman Bennett pre seated them with the following books : -.4 Walks abou Warrington" (Beamonti, " Warrington as it was, is and might be," "The Warrington Volunteers," and " The most interesting house in Warrington." The best essays in the lower school were written by Norah Vaughan, Belmont, Latchford, and Arthur E. Wright, 1, Nlarbury-street, Latchford, and they were presented by the principal with the books 'Life of Queen Alexandra ' and "Battles of the British navy "respectively. Mr. J. Moorm MURRAY (director of education) moved a vote of thanks to Alderman Bennett. He urged upon the scholars the negative side of the subject under consideration—that there were many things which they should not do. He complimented them upon their behaviour in the street and said they should always try to be a model to other children.

iThe vote was enthusiastically passed. In the afternoon Alderman Bennett visited Arpley- street schools and formally presented the shield which will be hold by the school for six months and then be handed to St.James', Latchford. The winning essayist was John Muir, 131, Parker-street, who received the following set of books:—" The Dr.= of a War- ringtonian," " Warrington as it was, is, and might be," "The Warrington Volonteers,"and"The most interesting house in Warrington." Alderman BENNETT addressed the scholars and was cordially thanked on the preposition of Mr. C. JACKSON HoL!Es (one of the managers) seconded by Mr. E. WALLINGTON (headmaster). The Alderman then proceeded to St. James', Latch- ford,and presented a similiar set of books to Lucy Tole, 6, Canterbury-street, who receised an additional prize from Mrs. \V. Bibby. .

A vote of thanks iN-Cas accorded to him on the proposi- tion of Mr. NV. H. STANSFIELD (headmaster), seconded by the Rev. IL IL CORSRIE (curate). At each school national and patriotic songs were rendered.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

WARRINGTON ATHLETIC CLUB.

The Warrington Athletic Club held an ordinary rim from the Bridge Inn on Saturday last. The route taken was the usual club course through Arpley fields over Walton arches across the fields to a point opposite Fiddlers Ferry,then turned left to Moore through Walton and home by Borough-road. Ihe novices figured very prominent and there will evidently be some keen racing in the novice races which will shortly be held. At the annual general meeting of the Northern Cross-Country Association held at Southport, it was decided to run this season's championship at Doncaster in February next.

CASTLE V. WARRINGTON WESLEYAN lIARRIERS.—An inter club race between these clubs took place at Warrington, on Saturday. The trail was laid by J. Ashley (Castle), A. Beswick and NV. Drury (Warrington) over a rough country of eight miles, being from Siver- street schoolroom through Bewsey, across the fields to Burtonwood, coming round by way of Winwick, and finishing the last two miles on the round through Dallam Forgo' back to the club's headquarters. A very exciting finish resulted in the Castle Harriers winning by two points, which is a very good performance away from home. Warrington club was represented by 18 members and Castle by 14. The following shows how the men finished, the club with the least number of points winning. Time, 40 minutes.

CASTLE H-AARIERS. WAYRINGNON WESLEYAN. J Clark 0 Hill

C Frayne 6 H Gill - 5 J Jackson 7 J Raton 8 JRose 9 F Millett ....... ........... 12 W Powell lO T Gibson —l3 • ___

PARR'S BANK EXTENSION. Parr's Bank of late has been energetic in absorbing other institutions, and the company now announces that as from June 301ast it will take over the business of the Whitehaven Joint Stock Banking Company, The latter institution was established as far back as 1829, and became a limited liability company in ISB3. Its prosperity has been well-known, as is evidenced by the fact that for the past four years the distributions have been at the rate of 24 per cent, per annum, and even more has been paid at times. In payment for the business Parr's Bank proposes to hand over 3,561 shares of their bank and £11,020 in cash,and by its acquisition it will obtain the goodwill and head office of the old bank, and banking premises at eight other places in Cumberland and Westmorland. The purchase price for the institution regresents £71,`250 in Parr's Bank shares which, at the present market price of S 5, represents a valuation of £302,940. Adding the £11,020 paid in cash it would seem that the holders of the Whitehaven shares, amounting to .C 60,150 will receive cash soc. shares equivalent to 013,960.

,-. .

~. ~

I

- :

-.% . . . ,

I

MEI

#

a

===== 0002601_19081024_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
p

===== 0002601_19081024_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT TEMPERANCE MEETING. Parr Hall Crowded with Supporters of the Licensing Bill.

Speeches by the Dean of Carlisle, Lin J. A. Sed-don, UP.. Principal Warman, Rev. F. A. Screeton, Rev. A. J. Palmer, and. others.

The second great meeting promoted by the War- rington Citizens' Temperance League in support of the Government Licensing Bill was held in the Parr I Hall on Monday evening, and bath in regard to attend- ance and enthusiasm. was a complete success. The hall was well filled in every part, the excellent speeches delivered were listened to with keen interest and approval, and the resolution in supprt of the Bill was carried with unanimity and great hearti- ness. A most attractive arid representative platform cf speakers had been secured, and the Bill was exhaustively dealt with from several aspects. The meeting was presided over by the Dean of Carlisle (Very Rev. Canon Barker), who was supported by- Principal Warman, MA., It D. of St. Milan's C Meg% Billenhend, Mr. J. A. &Alen, M.P., Rev. A. J. Palmer (delegate float the Congregational Union of F.nglancl and Wales), and the Rev. F. A. Screetoa (Vicar of Hyde, and formerly of Christ Church, Latch- ford.) Amongst others pi.esent on tha platform were :—Mr. James Dodds (president of the League), Mr. .E. J. Guest (chairman of the Executive Committee), the Revs. A. H. Mitchell (Burton- woodl. E. E Peters, J. 'ionize, E Blanshard Keeling, T. Miller, F. W. Kernick, T Gladiling, o.llar fey Coos, J. S. Hughes, J. B. Bugls,ss, rt. E. Letheren, J. L. Milne, Alderman Ellison Conn-,illor and Mrs. Barton, Mrs. Robert Garnett, 'Mrs. Dodds, Mrs. J. G. Withinsharr, Mrs. Philip Garnett, Miss Hicks, Miss I F. Ward, Miss J. Wrrrtl, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Miss Wilkinson, Mrs. Lemas,,Mrs. Osborne, I Mrs.Mounfield, Miss Guest, Miss Owen, Mss Dunster, Mrs. Hoghes, Miss Wadding, Miss A. Baswick, Mrs Vost, Mr. and Mrs. W. Clegg, Miss Clegg, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bailey, Mr. and Mrs. Geotgo Dale, Mr. and Mrs. A. Wilde, Messrs. C. E Parker, John Upson, J. C. Holland, Pardoe, A. Mounfield, J. Adains, E. V. Walker, H. Blaine, 3. Farrar, J. Jarnian, J. I.Vardinan; Kirby, Firth (Police Court Missionary), G. Davey-Smith, W. I'ilkington, Whitley, J. Griffiths, R. Pierce Williams, J. A. 'Morton, W. IL Pearce, W. Roherts, R. Rnberts. J. IV. Sherlock, Arthur Ward, P. V Winskill, D. It. Hodge, A. Janes, Joseph Owen, W. Benson, S. Morton, A. Perris, T. Prince, J. H. Pepper, W. Cooper, C. J. Brockleharst, John Muir, G. A. Leach and H. Woolley (j)int hon. sees.). Mr. A. 11. Crosfield, M.P., wrote as fallow 4 to Mr. D,,ndls, President of the LP:Wa<l : 30, Hyde Park Gate, S IV October 18th, 1008.

, RZASONABLE AND STATEiIANLIKE atEasuar, to regain that which they bad lost.lt was proposed that 1 during the next fourteen years public houses should be reduced upon .1 regal tr and as3ertaimed system by the number of 31,003. No singlo house would be removed during that period withoat compensation. The compen- sation did not come out of our p3ckets bat out of the pockets of the trade. This was au important point,becanse it was urged that there was a property in a licence. Mr. •B Moues Bill, or the propositions and clauses in that Bill, disproved that up to the hilt. Ile would tell them why. The compensation Carll3 out of the pockets of the trade. Supposing these parsons load a real property in tho.lie.enoes —a freehold property or a vested interest —if the State did away with the licences, it would be the duty of the State to compensate them. But in as much as the Bill enacted that the trade itself should compensate, it proved that there was no claim upon the community for compensation. (Applitae.) After four- teen years we came to the point. At the end of that period there , would he 30,030 fewer licences. Sixty-thousand public-houses would remain and they would want it licence to go on,and a few nights ago Mr. Asquith proposed something which he was going to move in the report stage of the Bill. His proposition Iwas that after fourteen years the surviving public- houses should retain what they retained now—that was, the monopoly value—for sevon years more, with the qualification /hat at the end of the fourteen years the magistrates would have absolnte power of determining and the community itself would I have the power of vetoing the granting of those licences l'if there was a two-thirds majority in favour of the veto. (Applause.) From that partial ap?latise, he gathered 1 that perhaps 4

Dear Mr. Dodds, Oa returning to town after a long absence I lid I have at the present time so inuch on my lands that to my great disappointment I am prevented returning• North to-morrow so as to attend your meeting in sur. port of the Licensing Bill. With such able speakers present you are certain to have a very interesting evening and I should greatly have liked to be present to bear them. While there may be some difference of opinion on subsidiary and noiia rely speaking, minor matters; I am sure that Temperance 'reformers are agreed that the vital point, and the point of immediate and supreme importanceoin tide Bill is the question of Monopoly Value. Some of 113 have held that if tlls was finally secured to the State at the end of fourteen years that would, under all--the circumstances be a perfectly fair settlement of the wetter, and ;hat if twenty-one years' notice was given that would ha not only fair but generous treatment. Whet Mr. Asquith said on Friday makes it quite clear that the generous line will be taken by the Liherat party. Personally I em very glad this is so, and I would mach rather see this policy voluntarily adopted in the first instance by the House of Commons than have it forced upon Us later on by the House of Lords. Mr. Asquith's statement was most significant', and he made it' quite clear that it Was not intended to placate those who are in fact implacable. Referring to the I " root and branch opponents of the Bid," he said he knew Trite well they wont I not accept. a twenty one years limit, or even a !tatty years limit, arid that statement was answered with an emohatic assenting cheer by vigorous Opponents of the Bill on the Con- servative benches. Those cheers were not less significant than Mr. Asqaith's statement, and I think it is not an exaggeration therefore to say that we are 5n fact face to face with the issue whether the brew- ing interest is in the future to cmtrol or be controlled by the State. That I submit is in no small measure, hut to a far reeching extent the issue which Parliament and the country is going to decide ; and while I for one shall he glad to see fair and otenerons consideration given to all claims that can be fairly made for such con- sideration, I hope that having decided to take that purse Temperance Reformers will stand shoulder to .----oulder and ginsthe Prime Minister most hearty and resolute support in order that he may successfully carry through the great. undertaking to which he, the . Government and the Progressive party as a whole have set their hands. Confidently anticipating that the Citizen' League will to-morrow emphasise the splendid support they have already given to this measure and to the Govern- ment, and again regretting very much that I am prevented leaving town, I remain, with best regard 3, —Very faithfully yours,

A. H. CROSFIELD. Miss BESSIE- DUTTON wrote from Harrogate " I artl glad indeed that our tewnsmen,and the Rev. Chairman the Rev.P.A.Screeton and the other speakers are again united to prove that in support of this heroic effort to grapple with the drink tyrarmy,they are not failing a Government which has promised not to fail them in this cause." The Rev. J. F. NIATTFIEWS wrote : "I am sure it is the right thing to keep the matter of the Licensing Bill well before the public. The present Government is neither too eager for reform nor agresslve enough It needs to be constantly informed of the feeling in the ,country and to be kept true to its promises. The attitude of the trade as a whole can only be met by a policy of determined resistance to its extortionate and unjust demands." TUE DEAN'S ADDRESS. The CHAIRMAN said it gave him very great pleasure to come to %Carrington since he remembered some fifteen years ago attending an enormous meeting in the town.dre did not know exactly where it was, but he was surprised to see the change in their habits, for fifteen years ago the building was entirely filled with men and every man had his cap on. (Laughter.) The presentment was so evtraordinary that it had remained with him from that day to this. They were met, continued the Dean, on the eve of very great and important changes, as thor hoped, in the statutory position of a particular trade. The first point he wished to urge was that there was great reason for what they proposed to do, that these move- ments and vast meetings throughout the country meant a great deal. They expressed very, deep public feeling and real moral sentiment, and the country, it seemed to him, was beginning to he roused and to appreciate the enormous evils of this traffic, and further to per- ceive that unless something was done the trade would either govern us and we should have to go down, or we should have to govern the trade. (Applause). It hal struck him as one of the

===== 0002601_19081024_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TII2 tDVAC G IJARD

of the temperar7C-e-party was not, in favour of that prolongation of the time. (liatr, heir.) It, was not, ho waver, for temoepthcs men to press for any diminution in the time. Most of them thought it WAS to) long— (hear, hear)—and that the trade Was being treated with great geoerosity in having a fourteen years limit, but r they knew that, in this country therS vv is a large inane of opinion which was very jealous indeed of doing any hardships whatsoever, if they c mid help it, to any portion of the community or any trade. They knew the Bishops were now, he WAS happy to say, supporting the measure. (Applaus:,) They would pardon him, as !a clergyman, referring to the Bench of Bishops, hut he : was of opinion that the attitude taken uo by the Bishops in the House of Lords would have considerable I influence upon the minis of those noble gentlemen. (Hear, hear.) The Bishops were very ansious to do what was fair. They wished to be fair and generous to a trade which had gone on an long awl they thought it was hard that men who had for fourteen years been contributing out of their own pockets to the compensa- tion fend should at the end of that time lose their licences without any compensation. That did not appear to be quite just but, of course, it Was all open to argument, and he thought he could show the most reasonable man that in fourteen years the trade would have ample time to recoup themselves for any loss they might sustain. (Hear, hear.) That was the point to which the di,cassion had come in the House of Commons anti therefore it Was moat important that the public should naderstand what was being done. lie could not help thinking that the course announced by Jr. Asquith %mild CONCILTATII A LAIIGE ODY OPIN[ON

which would otherwise be against the Bill, lie believed it would conciliate the whole Bench of Bishops and with than it woad coavin a great 'wafter of tem- perate minded men in the 110 Use of Lords. The Bill was so important and a few years one any or the other in the history of a nation did not count much. He felt that if there was a period at which the State would get real posiession of that trade he would be happy. (Applause.) Under the Government measure, at the end of fourteen or twenty-ona ye trs the State would be in the position of determining what should and should not be done in the mutter of the trade and the monopoly value, which was very great, would belong to the pablic and go into the National Exchequer instead of into the pockets of privata individuals. He thonght that that was the most important point of the whole Bill, because when they got the key of the position it was really only a matter of detail whether they won or not, and they had got the key. ,The question was : Is the Bill going through? Will it become law ? He was no prophet, but he was thoroughly convinced that the Bill with some modiflm- tions would become 11w within a very few months. (Applause.) Before concluding, he would like to point out what the forces behind the measure really were. This great movement. was hacked by what they called the moral anl the religious forces of the country. (Applause.) All the Free Churches were unanimous. (App! ruse.) The Church of England Temperance : Society was not an ex'ravagant Society, and the Charch of England was not a very [Wind b )dy. It moved with great prmision and thouyhtfulrrei. But-the Church of England Temperance S miety vJted in favour of the measure. (Applause.) That was important, but what weighed with him evert more that was the fact that all

===== 0002601_19081024_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
TaF, REPRK,iKINTTATIVES OF LABOUR

in the House of Commons were in favour of the Bill. (applause). Mr. Sadlon would addrlSsi them shortly And no man in the country was more qualified to spook on that partizular question. They had enormous bodies of trade unionists aa I the co-operative societies in avour of the Bill. 'rho ra vement was backed by everything, so far as they knew, that made for the upraising and for the moral growth, progress, happiness and religions life of the country. They were all bound together as one man in favour of the measure against this particular trade. Who was against them? With whom were they fighting? One controlled ones language in speaking of the trade, and the last thing lone would say was a harsh thing against any peoplo—. especially a trade that was being Atacked as it was at the present timo. (Laughter). But what did the trade say of themselves ? His hearers would recall the report of that great Commission over which Lord Peel pre- sided and in the forefront of that report, signed by representatives of the trade, they found words to this effect : " So gigantic an evil exists in our midst that hardly any sacrifice would be too great if it could only mitigate it or make it disappear." That was their own opinion—there was a gigantic ovil,without qualification. Thera was another sentence which said that temptation *as inseparably connected with the public-house. What did they mean by that? Did they mean that the public- house was a tempting place for teetotalism, for higher life? On the contrary, what they meant was that the temptation to evil was inseparably associated with the public house. Here was a trade which admitted that it was a gigantic evil, a trade which admitted that every. single public house had connected with it inseparably moral evil. No man was more eloquent than Mr. Balfour on the evil of the trade. "You have got a trade that has existed for 33) years —a trade which is proved and admitted to be the cause of the vast majority of pauperism, crime, insality, disease and death." Mr. Gladstone said the accumulated horrors of war, pestilence and famine were not to be mentioned in the sarue breath as the horrors connected with drink. No man in his senses, coming down from the moon, would believe it possible that an enlightened State like England could stand in its midst, the exist- ence of a trade which brought about all this wreck and ruin, loss and misery. What justification was there for the existence of a trade like that in a country like ours? None. They might ask : How does it exist? The answer was plain. There was such an enormous sum of money invested in it, the trade had such enormous social and political influence and ramified so wide and deep, that it was extremely difficult to touch it. Were it not for its vast resources and its great politica influence, this country would have shaken oft this VAST INCUBUS OF NVIIONG many years past. (Applause.) On the one side they had a trade which had desolated more homes, brought more misery, squalor and wretchedness than Ile -

~.- ... MOST PREPOSTEROUS PROPOSITIONS anything else beside% l.le did not think there was a that any human being could propoun4,that a trade snch family in that room in which there was not some as the licensed victuallers' trade should dominate and member who had been the victim of strong drink. be supreme in a land like ours. (Applause). We had When they thought of that arriy, and then looked on not to be reminded what that trade was, for we knew the other side and Saw the whole Church of God in it too well. We need not be reminded of the enormous this country and the representatives of all the labour- evils which the trade hacl wrought to the Commonwealth. lug classes, the battle ought to he simple. One would lie would really defy anybody to tell him what good think there would be no chance for the other side. thing the trade had done for the country, for its moral, They had nothing to say for themselves and no argu- intellectual, spiritual, economic or political life. It meats. As fast as they adduced one argument they brought forward another and th 3 two proved mutually seemed to him so unjustifiable that a trade like that should be permitted to exercise the enormous influence destructive. There was never a party so poverty- which it exercised to-day in this free country of England. stricken in argument. Ho believed that in conse- I 1 They knew as well as be did that inconsequence of their quenee of the enormous meetings that were being held great wealth and perfect organization, the members of throughout the length and breadth of the country— the trade were able almost to dictate to Governments. tens of thousands of men giving their time, They could put in Governments and turn out Govern- labour and money in this great crisis—the Government ments. They could elect members of Parliament and j were beginning to realize that the country was in prevent members of Parliament from being elected. I earnest, that there was a great force behind them and Their hand was seen in all these most important things they would have the courage to go forward and carry in the country and if they took one constituency like I that which they proposed. (Applause.) He was sure Peckham—(laughter)—if they knew anything about 1 that posterity would think of it more than we thought Peckham they came to the conclusion that there could jof it ourselves. They had known about Governments— bel nothing much more corrupt or debasing than the Radical, Home Rule, Free Trade, Tory—all sorts of result of that election which was the effect of the , Governments, and what was their charge against most great operations and organization of the trade. He , Governments ? That they lacked courage. It was an would not discuss the Government Bill in detail, 1 historic utterance on the part of Arr. Haldane, who What he wanted to show was its real purport and aim addressing a great meeting, said in reply to a challenge and what it would effect if it became law. He began ' from a shareholder in some brewery: "We have his observations by saying that the trade had been crossed the Rubicon. We have burnt our boats. We dominating the country now for a great number of intend to go forward and to carry this measure." yeary. The object of the temperance movement was to (Applanse.) Hr. Asquith raised the whole question to get the power out of the hands of the trade and to put a higher level when he said: "Party is of no consider. it in the hands of the State. (Applause.) The State ation in comparison with the moral results of the should really never have lost its hold. (Hear, hear.) success of a measure like thin." (Applause.) In con- The monopoly value did not properly belong to elusion Canon Barker said: Pluck up your courage. individuals but was the property of the State. (Hear, Brace up ,your nerves. Bind your loins together and hear.) The Government were proposing in a very t let us with strong purpose and determination make up 1 I

===== 0002601_19081024_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIN

===== 0002601_19081024_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
• 11' • ' , ' 4.4 4., • I r • .., • A'. • : • • .."•'1 -41 • - •4,-. - . . •.• . ,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday October 24, 19,08

our minds before God that we will see this measure carried to a successful issue. It depends on you. It each man and women talk to his or her neighbour. In Warrington I believe there are some little means of obtaining drink—(laughter)--I under- stand there is a chance of some breweries being opened here. (Laughter.) So I want to say : Let every man and woman in this particular town do what he or she can, show their earnestness and their backbone and resolutely determine to spread bbroad this information. We have gained our liberties through many a great tight. , We have won our present position through struggles I like this, but I don't believe there was ever a reform lin which the welfare of the country was so bound up as it is in this. (Applause.) Banish drink, destroy the ;mire,. of the poblic-heues, make the men of this country sober' and there will be go limit to its wealth, no barriers to its progress. When the svaight and burden of this trade is removed, the obstacles of pro- gress are swept away. The wildest imagination could hardly conceive what would be- the moral and so3ial effect of a successful reform like this, when drunkenness should be no more, when the country should be freed from the curse of strong drink, when homes that were desolate now should be sweetened with happy family life; when children who now know no joys, should rejoice in the sunshine of infantile life. The sour vapour of despair and misery has been ascending up to heaven from 10,000 hearte.if intemperance and strong drink are banished a brighter day and a nobler sunlight shall dawn upon our ceuntry,and G >d's work will progress, and the country will go on prospering and to prosper.(Applause.) The Derea had to leave for Liverpool, where he was doe to epeak at another meeting in support of the Bill, and before he took his departure the audience cheered him vigorously and sang `• For he's a jolly good fellow." Frei' this stage the meeting was presided over by Mr. E.J. Guest. THE RESOLUTION.

Mr. J. WARtrarao: moved tho following resolution : "That this meeting expresses its intense gratifloa.tion that his Majesty's Ministers have introduced into Parlia- ment a measure so moderato and just as the Licensing Bill now before the House of Commons and that in I the representative branch of the legislature this Bill has been supported by a majority of votes unprecedented in respect of any temperance metsure. This meeting trusts that its succeeding stagea in the Lower House may be passed without any weakening of its provisions, and fervently hopes and prays that when in due course the Bill is introduced into the House of Peers it may I receive such favoura de consideration as shall secore its passing into lam during the present session; and that copies of this resolution be forwarded to the Prime Minister, the Right Hon. A. J. Balfour, the Right lion. Earl of Crewe, the most noble Marquis of Lansdowne, and the Member of Parliament for Warrington." If the Bill were to pass, be said, it would have to be a soldiers' battle. Would any reasonable minded man contend that the proposed reduction of licences would not leave ample 'facilities for reasonable refreshment ? The country must regain the monopoly value at the earliest moment. lie strongly supported the Bill , because it gave the people power to decide whether they would have a public-house in their midst or not. If the working classes were not willing to avail them- selves of that power he said " Shame on them " for being so ready to let go the liberties for which their forefathers jaad fought. (Applause). Mr. A. MousFmn, in seconding, said the key words of the hour were " Educate "and " co-operate." They needed to enlighten their friends and fellow-workmen 'as to the real meaning of the word " licence," because, unfortunately, they were in danger jnst now not only of intoxicating drinks but of inebriating opinions, not only of pn',llc-honse liquid but of pot-house opinion. They neede I to insist strongly and clearly that the term licence " to-day meant exactly what it meant twenty years age and that the mere fact that one of their statesmea in a moment that was unworthy of him had barterel away their right, did not change the meaning or bearings of the term " licence "as it had been understood so long. He was delighted that at last they seemed to be getting out of the realm of mere clamour and into the realm of argument. If ever there was a time when co-operation amongst temperance people was needed, it was now. They wanted to send up the Bill to the House of Lords with a great mass of sober and enlightened opinion behind it. lie was anxious that Warrington in spite of its other associations, should have a hand on the groat battering ram which was going at last to make' a breach in tho wall of this fortress of iniquity from which they had been defied so long. (Applause).

a licence for one year only and no longer. He said that in public the other day and Mr. [broil Smith the brother of Mr. F. E. Smith. ALP., challenged him to prove it. Now he OM going to prove it. In the Over- Damen case in 1332 L]rel Cues terdeld said that a licence although granted to a man wan had had rine was only granted for one year. Lord Halsbury said it was not the renewal of a licence ;,it was another licence for another year. Principtl Warman ventured to prefer Lord Halsbury to Hr. H. Smith. (Laughter.) In Birkenheal streets the bre yer had nailed up placards to the unemployed pointing out how many that Bill was going to throw out of employment. Somebody said that there would be 30,03) public-houses done , away with and all the employees would be out of work. No they would not. That particular trade lost a larger ' number than tint out of it every year. At every transfer they had them going. It was a dangerous trade and it was a positive fact that the vacancies evens much larger in number than all the people that would be turned out of employment. In the making of boots ' the employees got four times as large a proportion of the parchase money, 53 those engaged in the brewing. of I beer, and if they relieved the liquor trade of something 1ike413,020 OD and turned it into productive work, he , I believed they would almost solve the unemployed ; problem. (Applause.) He did not wan li anything , unjust. He did not want anything that was !demeaning to Englishmen. He did not believe in doing evil that I good might come of it. As far as he could see the IBill was generous rather than unjust, and if the float suggestion of an extra seven years were granted it Iwould be manifestly over-generous. There was one thing that the House of Lords and the House of Commons were bound to obey—stronger than the House jot Lords and the House of Commons—and that was the ! force of public opinion and he surely believed that I public opinion was at the back of the QM. (Applause.)

very outrageous demand that the supports's of the Bill were making. Nearly all they asked for in the measure was in operation in our self-governing colonies to-day. In 1932, excepting the monopoly value—that had not been conceded because it never was demanded—Mr. Balfour's Government were responsible for framing the constitution and the licensing laws of the Transvaal and they incorporated in that proposed legislation all the pravisions—and mare—that they were asking in this Bill. It was the

HEIGHT OP HYPOCRISY for any political party who would grant in one part of the empire what they in Eagland EVB7O asking and fight against it in this part of the E npire. (Applause). The brewers hal had the menepely value too long. They were told that the time limit ,Wee not long enough. That was a question for financiers and he was prepared to act justly. Speaking from his own observations and the material at his disposal, ha was there to say that the time limit offered was more than generous and if he were in the counsel of the opponents of the Bill he would advise them to make peace with their enemy in the way now, for he was convinced that if this attempt were frustrated, if this effort were destroyed, there would be less generosity when the people of this country renewed their attack upon this demoralising trade. (Applause.) fie admitted that there were innocent people who had been dragged in but he would express his sympathy with the widows and orphans inn different way than by opposing the Bill, fie would do so by arranging that the trustees who had sunk the money of the widows and orphans in breweries at a time when they knew there was only a yearly value in licences, should enter the law courts of the country to give a reason why they played ducks and drakes with trust money. (Applause.) lie was prepared if the ' opponents of the Bill could prove by actuarial calculation that 14 years was not long enough, to support the Prime Hinister's suggestion made in the House the other night. It was that all the temperance part of the Bill—local option included—should remain intact but lat the end of fourteen years, it it could be proved that the time limit was not long enough, the remaining licences might take their chance against local option and until seven more years had elapsed they would have the monopoly value. There would be a fight against that—(applanse)—and he was one of those who were prepared to fight on it—(applause)—not because he was prepared to make the position of the Government more diilicalt than it was, but he was not prepared to slacken his zeal simply because the

===== 0002601_19081024_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCIPAL WARMAN'S ARGUSIENTS,

Principtl ‘VAILAIAN said he was a groat believer in holding temperance meetings, but he was a very much greater believer in meetings of citizens. They were proud of their canatry and the heart of the country. Their own country was worthy of fame. The presence of a Hember of Parliimmt there that night showed the signs of the times. They were not there as politicians. Some of them belongal to One party and some to another, and he did not know which he belonged tr,. (Langhter.) They were met as citizens and they were to face one of the greatest problems before the people of this country. For the last GO or 70 years they had 'hen talking, and they had 'vale thinking, and they hal been working in order that they might get one of the greatest pro'dems—tho drink problem—solved. He h n 1 seen something of the problem in the E tst 2,nd of London. Thera was one question—an ordinary level- headed question—did they want a Bill at all ? Was that Bill what they wanted ? Was the BM just ? If there was one fact they prided themselves on that was being just to a foe.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
DID THEY WANT A DILL

at all ? Ho thought it unnecessary for him to try to answer that. Ga out into their famous town of Warrington and they would find their answer n almost every straet. Oae could deal with the homes and the lives spoiled by drink. He would give a sample case. Some unfortunate men had been surrounded by the most insidious temptations— driving away the bright happy homes. Did they want a Bill ? Mr. Balfones words had been quoted and although he (the speaker) was not a politician he thought Mr. Balfour disagreed with the Bill. Mr. Balfour said in the year 1038 that among all social evils in the walks of life and in other spheres of activity the graatest of nll evils is—he did not say was, did not say bafore his Bill was passed, but after his Bill was passed—is the evil of intemperance. Sarely this was a token that they did want a Bill. Their opponents wanted to know why they could not let the drink question sleep. They hid a Bill in 1932 and 1901, but the worst of it was the 1901 Bill spoiled the 1902 one. (Laughter.) In the" city of the future "—they called themselves the " city of the future " in Birken- head—they had tried to work the 'l9Ol Act. They had got an excellent bench of magistrates; they were try- ing to make the very most of that Bill ; they had drawn a map of their town and had marked the con- gested areas and they had started to work on a section—hut not the worst by any means. His own parish had 37 licences in it,and only seven thousand people The time for them would come on about 1937. (Laugh- ter.) They had started on another area and had decided that a number of houses shoald be done away with. They were not wanted now and yet, under Mr. Balfones Act, they could not get rid of them till 1913. Showing how local magistrates were over-ridden by the Quarter Sessions, the speaker said a house in the centre of Birkenhead had four convictions against it and they decided to oppose the renewal of the license. The Bench were not teetotal fanatics. They considered the whole question and after six solid hours' patient hearing in Court they decided that it was not a fit house. The brewers with all their money in their pockets went to the Quarter Sessions at Caester. Those eminent gentle- meat living in the country villages were able to look after themselves. He did not want to say a single word against them. but ho found it hard to say anything for them. (Laughter.) The brewers were allowed by the law of the land to regain the licence. Why bad Birken- head people to 133 bossed by Chester? Was the Bill a sound one? As a matter of fact they had in the main only been talking about one section of it—they had time limit on the brain. (Laughter.) The Bill did a great deal more than arrange for the 14 years time limit. In the first place it gave them unfettered control. Warrington_would now be able to say how many public; houses it wanted, so would Birkenhead. It was a question of being allowed to mind one's own business. It meant local veto. They would have to go to the people and ask were they I I going to have one mare pnblie house? and he thought Warrington looked sensible enough judging from its I faces, for him to imagine they would all say no! (Laughter.) It gradually and effectively reduced the number of redundant houses. It was not going to rob the poor man of his beer. (Laughter.) After the 14 years was up there would be only 60,000 houses, so there would still be a chance of getting half a pint.(Laughter.) It raised the status of local Justices, it gave thorn a chance of administering the law without an appeal to the Quarter Sessions. It would mike the temptation less than it was and the Bonds of magistrates could do a great deal in that direction. It reduced the hours of Sunday opening by one half and made it possible for them to close honses altogether on Sunday. (Applause.) Ireland, Wales and Scotland had got Sunday closing, and he did not see why we should not have It. (Applause.) It allowed magistrates to regulate the employment of women and children. It enab!ed Benches of magistrates to exclude children from the public house. It might be a good place for him (the speaker) to be in—though he was not perfectly certain—but it was a very bad place for children to be in. A Bench of magistrates would be able to say the door should not be opened ton child—and a very good thing too. (Applause). The Bill increased supervision over clubs. fie thought he had shown them that it was a temperance measure—the sort of measure they wanted. Was it just ? Now he should be the very last person in the world, he hoped, to see an injustice done to any man, even to the con- demned murderer in his cell. On what grounds were they led to imagine that the Bill was unjust ? He saw a huge poster the other day in the streets of Birkenhead and across it

===== 0002601_19081024_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
"CONFISCATION."_

He did not like long words, so he looked it up in Johnson's dictionary. Let him tell them what he found. It meant" transferring forfeited goods of criminals to public use." (Loud laughter). It was conflscation—and he would thank the brewers for the use of the word —he would tell them what the crime was. It was one of theft. (Applause.) They hid stolen goods—licences— which goods belonged to the people. The licence was

===== 0002601_19081024_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. A. J. PALE'S APPEAL.

The Rev. A. J. PALMER said there could not be a better cause than that which had drawn them together that night. It vras the cause of God and of humanity, the cause of families and of individuals, the cause with , which the future progress and" well-being of the Church the nation and the world were most intivraately inter- woven. Their concern as Englishmen was that England great, powerful England, NM permitting herself to be shorn of the locks other power by the Delilah of strong drink. Their concern was that the nation whose especial boast it was that she interposed with self-denying generosity to check wholesale cruelties amongst less enlightened people was permitting her 4 own children to be bouod hand and foot with the shackles of a slavery more demoralising by far than any that ever galled the slaves in the plantations of J imaica. He was profoundly convinced that if we were ever beaten in the race for commercial supremacy it would be largely due to the fact that we had been handicapped by a vice which threatened to rob us of the best rtsults of our industry and skill. (Applause). The end they had in view, continued Mr. Palmer, was the suppression of the liquor traMn by the operative will'of an educated and. enlightened people. He was thankful that in the present great controversy stress was being laid upon the value of the child, for it was to the children they had to look to continae the good work. Dealing with the need for restriction, Mr. Palmer asked : Was it not better to have an iron, railing at the edge of the precipice than an ainhulance waggon at the foot to receive the body of the wounded plan ? They yearned for the unity of the Churches of the land. How would they realize it? Not by tinker- ing with their ecclesiastical systems, flat by framing ingenious creeds; not by giving up their liherty and talking other people to give up theirs, but by standing shoulder to shoulder and joining in one cantliot against the common foe. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19081024_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
SPERCIET BY _MR. J. A. SEDDON., M.P.

Mr. J. A, SEDDON, M.P., began his speech by adlress- ing the audience as "fellow wolves," remarking that that was the latest and most clas;ical description given by Mr. Balfour to the supporters of the Bill, lie had been asked to come there not as a politician but as a member of a force in- politics—the Labour party, all of whom in the House of Commons were unitedly and enthusiastically supporting the Bill. (Applause.) Speaking as a young man, he believed that the present was one of the most glorious oppor- tunities that the forces of righteousness had had during the last twenty-five year. They saw to-day the Anglican Church joining hands with the Nonconformist Churches. They found the great democratic: forces joining hands with thole other agencies to bring back to the people of this country a right that belonged to them and which should never have been taken away. (Applause.) tie was present ai a representative of damocraly, because he was convinced that the great organized forces 'which stood for labour had a dim consciousness or a sub-consciousness that if we as a nation were to maintain our pesition in the great rivalries of commerce, we hid got to be a sober nation, and that future prosperity, cornercially and industri would rest with the tempurate nation and not with tho drunken nation. (Hoar, he.ar.) We found everywhere—even in our own , Colonies there was a great desire and activity for temp3rance reform. We found amongst our great ccm- pa' itors from an industrial point of view—in America, they were drinking mach less thin we were. In that vast continent there were Xi millions of a population living in a prohibited area where no drink was sold. (Applause). A few weeks ago

===== 0002601_19081024_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE PARLIAMENT OP LAII3UR,

the great Trade Union Cmgress was held at Notting- ham. What was the most outstanding feature ?—that the delegntion was younger than it was in former years, and it was discerned oven by those who were onlookers that the delegates were more assiduous is their duties, there were fewer places empty during the discussion, and there were no signs of intemperance amongst those who were gathered there as the representatives of organized labour. (Applause.) After the expression of the Trade Union Congress and of the great co-aperative movement, Tabour men would be false to the charge committed to them as the representatives of democracy if they did not stand on any platform that was helping to remove the curse of strong drink which was upon us to-day. For that reason, he offered no apology for being on that platform. (Applause.) It had been insinuated in certain directions that because of the whole-hearted support they were giving to the Bill, they were the tail of the Liberal party. lie wanted to say quite frankly that he would rather be the tail of a righteous movement than the head of an unrighteous movement. (Applause.) They were not the tail of any party, but they were willing to help any party that did something for the class to which they belonged. (Applause.) Dealing with the arguments and tactics employed by the brewers, Mr. Seddon said that to his mind the most vicious and unforgivable was to be found in a placard he had seen displayed in public-house windows, headed : " Are you out of work ? " He had some sympathy with the great

===== 0002601_19081024_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
UNEMPLOYED ritcrfiLENi

but as that was not a political meeting he need not dwell upon it. fie might, however, be pardoned saving that he considered such a serious problem required the best bruin and heart of the nation to give attention to it, and speaking for himself, ;tad he thought for his colleagues, they were determined not by theatrical displays—(applause)—but by using all the means at their disposal to focus the attention of Parliament upon that urgent question. For the brewing class to appeal to men who were hungry upon the streets, men who were lacking the necessaries of life, to taunt them with ahc line like that wss playing fast and loose and would bring reprisals. He was convinced that if we could cut in half the enormous amount spent in drink, if instead of spending 83 or 100 millions, the working classes were spending half that amount, we would be enabled by a sober people not only to get more employ- ment for the unemployed but that money would go some way towards ending the appalling problem that sur- rounded us. (Applause.) The unemployed problem was not going to be intensified but improved by a sober nation. ((fear, hear.) They recogni zed it quite frankly i and they saw the evidence n their trade unions and amongst some of their own members, of men who had sprung from the loins of democracy, with the finest intellects although they might have lacked the higher forms of education, but with power enough to represent their fellow workers, but who by this grim enemy had been dragged down and become the flotsam and jetsam of our social life. They saw the evils of strong drink and its effect upon the expenditure and homes of the working classes. They said that with the passing of the present Bill the probabilities would be not lesa but more employment and even for those who were in the trade the displacements through death and changes of transfer would create sufficient vacancies for every man who was displaced through the Bill. When Mr. Btlfour's Bill was under discussion they were told that it was going to suppress 2,400 licences. But there was not a word about robbing the poor publican of his livelihood. Why ? Because the brewers who were engineering the Bill knew that no matter what happen° 1 to the liceucees, they would be all right and they were going to get the lion's share of the compensation. I(Applause.) lie had much sympathy with the licence° land did not want to see any injustice. But be main- tained that the injustice had already been done. From 11809 right up to the present time, owing to the magis- terial control, there had been growing a monopoly in the liquor trade. That monopoly had been ceded by the State not to a joint stock company, for licences were given to individuals on the strength of good character and ability to conduct a house properly. The great brewery companies had annexed the right which belonged to the individual and now it was simply asked that the

===== 0002601_19081024_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
STOLEN PROPERTY

should be given back-CO-the -,i;:tfc;ti-a-nd that the licence° should have more protection than he had at the present time. (Applduse.) He was more than surprised when , he saw the bills outside the public-houses, but he was [ afraid many of the publicans who were opposing the ' measure were doing so with their tongues in their cheeks. They knew that under the proposals of the Bill their chances were better thin they were under Mr. Balfour's Act. Of the whole of the compensation paid, only It per cent, had gone to the licencee and the remainder to the brewers. When they talked about confiscation and robbery—especially robbery—let him bring to their notice their own treat- ment of their tenants when once they got them within their grip. Having quoted a case in point, Mr. Seddon said the monopoly had been created by the State, and we, as members of the State, had a right to look at the matter from our point of view no matter what might be the financial disaster to those people who had been exploiting it up to t present time. It was not a,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSB OP LORDS

might do something:- (fie;i:' 1;;;;.-)' He was told now that the only prayer in the Litany of the brewers was confined to this : "Thank God we have got a House of Lords." It was said that the brewers knew that the Bishops and the moral forces of the country had come together, but they believed that the House of Lords would Aimed up and defend the rights of property. He was not sure that the House of Lords were anxious to commit their own suicide. (Laughter.) He had been long enough in parliament to discover that even the House of Lords Lad learnt to some extent the first law in nature—self-preservation. (Laughter.) Not- withstanding the paid demonstrations of the brewers- -and he would undertake to take to London 3,000,003 people within three months at 3s. 61. a head—(laughter) —be was convinced that the House of Lords when once they became familiar with the fact that not only the forces of organized democracy, but the religious move- ment and the great temperance organizations were behind the Bill, would not be in the mood to fight. (Applause.) He welcomed the Bill not only for the time limit but for the restoration of magisterial control. There was nothing, to his mind, more inicinitious in Mr. Balfour's Bill than the taking away of the power of the men who lived in the locality and knew all about it. With regard to clubs, no well-conducted establishment need fear the restrictions of the Bill. He was glad that the measure would deal with the hawking of beer from door to door, but he sincerely regretted that it was not going to touch grocers' licences. When this measure had been got out of the way, he was prepared to be sponsor to a Bill to deal with that question. (Applause.) Mr. Seddon concluded with a stirring appeal to young mer upon whom would rest the responsibility of government in the future, to throw all the strength of their man- hood behind the Bill. "It stands " he said "for national righteousnesss and for justice. As I look back upon the history of this country I realize thf4, although it may have many blots unon it, it is a glorious heritage. The fight made by our forefathers for political, civil and yeligions freedom ought to nerve us on to the great prospect that stands in front of us. We are the masters of our OW-I destiny, and by comin; together, not for our own carnal pleasure and idle society, but recognizing our responsibilities and our duty, we can make this movement so powerful that it will be irresistible, and even in the life-time of those who are here we shall bo able to say that by the power and inflaence we exerted we helped to make old England a sober nation, and to leave the world better for the childral than we our- selves hare found it." (Loud applause.)

===== 0002601_19081024_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. F. A. SCREETO'S SU.P2ORT.

The Ray. F. A. SCREOrON said be was strongly in favour of the Licensing Bill—(aonlause)—hecauso hs was the Vicar of a parish of 11,000 people, most of whom were workers in cotton factories, and he knew what it meant to them to have so many public-houses in their midst—in fact he found that in a great many streets—squalid streets—the only decent place was a public-house and the only people who could live in anything approaching comfort and luxury -were the publicans. He considered the Bill to be a great and necessary reform ant he felt personally

===== 0002601_19081024_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
dRA.TEFITL TO TIIE LIBERAL GOVERNMENT

who hacl beau courageous and strong eno az,la to take up 1 a reform which they temperance reformers had beer: yearning for for a long tirne.lie supported it all the more strongly and deliberately at the present time because he felt that if the trade was strong enough to defy such a strong Government with such a majority behind it, if it was powerful enough to do that now, what hope would there bo of temperance reform in the future ? Ws had arrived therefore, at a crisis. (Rev-, hear). A friend said to him the other day : " We have entered upon a stout and bitter conflict." (Laughter). A Frenchman once said : "It is well that you Anglo-Saxons are a druaken p3ople because such is your energy, skill and enterprise that if you were a sober people you might he easily masters of the whole world." (Applause.) it was above all things .necessary when we considered our commercial position, what was required of us at the present day and what the responsibilities of Empire were, that the people of this country should be a sober people. How could NCO develop a real, true manhood and womanhood in our midst if we were not a saber-m'nded people? He knew there were extreme views taken on the question. There were those who said that drink was the cause of all the poverty and there were people on the other hand who said that poverty was the cause of drinking. As a matter of fact he rather lif ed cranks an] he liked to hear the views of extremists, because in that way one got a nice via media along which one could go in safety. Incom- parably the most strongly organized interest in this country was the drink trade and it was incomparably charged with greater disasters and misfortune to the p3ople than any other. (Applause.) He had been very proud, as a Churchman, that THE BISHOPS had taken the line they had. (Applause.) He had felt for a very long time that it was useless for clergymen to deplore the sad results of drink so frequently in their pulpits and when the time came that they could strike a blow for righteousness and the elevation of the race, they were perhaps not to be found lifting up their voices to help in a great measure like this. He hoped the action of the Bishops in the House of Lords would be of such a potent kind that it would have an immense influence upon those noble lords who not there and enable the Bill to pass. (Applause). The Bishops had had to endure some threats. The brewers had written to them saying that if they supported the Bill they would get no more subscriptions from them. (Laughter.) He could only say that if any brewer wrote to him in that way, the only effect it would have would be to stiffen his back. (Applause.) But they not only threatened the Bishops and clergy. They threatened the working- men too. They said : "Have you no fear of dearer beer?" (Laughter.) Well, if they had any fear of that kind he could toll them a very good way of bringing down the price. If there was any commodity in the market for which too much was charged, they had only to go without it for a considerable time and the price would come down. (Laughter.) At the same time, while the brewers were going to charge them more for their beer, they told them that the Bill was not a temperance measure and there would be just as much beer drunk as ever.- In that case what were they mak- ing all the bother about ? (Laughter). They were evidently going to make just as much or more out of it than they did before, They entrenched themselves in a cowardly way behind the poor widows and orphans. When did they show any interest in the widows and orphans before ? It seemed to him to be

A NEW BORN sxrlitishasar. (Hear, hear.) All the shares in breweries seamed to be held by the widows and orphans. Were they the widows and orphans who had been made widows and orphans by husbands taking too much drink? This enthusiasm for widows and orphans was not one which he thought could be regarded in any other way but hypocritical. (Applause.) As a matter of fact, they knew their day had come. There was a time limit for them. (Applause.) The other day he received a postcard, evidently from some brewing association, on which were two pictures. Osa represented a Bishop who was extinguishing with an extinguisher, a brewer, who lo?ked very unhappy in the process. (Laughter.) Then it said " look on the other side "and there appeared a brewer Rho was gaily exanguishing a bishop. (Laughter.) The extinguisher in each case was a time limit and, he supposed the idea was that if the principle of a time limit applied to a brewer it might alto be applied to a Bishop. All he could say was that if the Bishops and clergy of the Church of England did as much harm to the country as the brewers, then a fourteen years time limit was too long. (Applause). This trade stood quite by itself. There was no trade in the country which was fraught with such possibilities of danger as the brewing trade. The State gave the licence as a protection for the people, because they knew that free sale would not be good for them. This had bean ingeniously used by the trade to build up an organization so powerful that they thought they could _

===== 0002601_19081024_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
DEFY THE STATE

and the whole weight of enlightened pnblio opinion. Air. Soreeton admitted that the State had done wrong

in allowing the licence to be 4.9911M3i when it ought never to have been, but at the same time any lawyer knew perfectly well—and he was brought up a lawyer— that as a matter of strict legal justice the licence° was not entitled to the licence for more than a year. The only claim the brewer could make was that he had been allowed to assuale that he could get his lioanes every year if his house were well oonduated. It was because of that, that' there bad been a time limit of fourteen years allowed. He had every sympathy with the widows and orphans and he thought very few trustees had invested the funds of widows and orphans in brewery companies, as Mr. Salim had assumed. The widows and orphans who had their money in the concerns were those Nilo had had it left, there by parents and relatives. Bet the innocent investor was net such a formidable person after all. There were a great many culpable investors. What about the brewery companies which had over-capital ised their concerns so enormously, which meant that they mast have robbed somebedy. (Applause). Mr. Screaton contended that it was not the present Licensing Bill which had reduced the value of brewery investments. The brewers had done very well and there need be no fear that any of them would be found in the workhouse. (Laughter). They had hi! immense earning out of their concerns ; they had had coronets given to them by a grateful canary for all the benefits they had conferred upon it. (Laughter). They had lived in palaces and luxury while the victims of drink had been boating out their lives in prison. They had almost all that life could offer in wealth and luxury "Oar concern "said Mr. Screeten " is not about them. Our concern is about tilos° people who have been the victims of drink, and the children of those who are the victims of it. Our concern is for the great future of the nation." (Applause). What we needed at the present day, continued the speaker, was that people should approach great public questions like this with some real seriousness of mind. There was too much levity about what concerned

THE PRECIOCSNESi TIMIA.N LIFE and if we could only get people to be profoundly interested in these questions and to think about the upraising of their fellows, the cleansing of our towns, the better housing of the poor, and the better education of the people, if only these qlestions occupied them with anything like the intensity of earnestness with which the brewers were occupied with the defence of their interests, we should accomplish a great deal more than we did. Temperance reformers must not be down- hearted and quail because of the great demonstrations in London. Rather let them stiffen their backs and be firm and courageous in carrying out • what was a great measure of reform for the pcople of this country. Having eloquently pictured the rise and progress of Christianity, Mr. Soreeton concluded : Shall we who live in a Christian country, impregnated with Christian, principles, allow a concern like this to bid dolmen to the nation and to oniightened public opinion? Shall we allow the trade to grow so strong that it shall be able to say to the State : " You shall not pat a finger upon us " ? No. If we have smitten dawn the lion, we shall not run away from the jackal. (Applause). CARRIED UNANIMOUSLY. I The resolution was then put to the meeting, and carried unaninuTlv with much enthnsiasm.

VOTES OF THANKS. THE DRINK INTEREST AND MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS.

_ The Rev. A. M. MITOiIEOLL, in proposing a vote of thanks to the speakers, said he had heard there were some inilcations of repentance on the part of the clergy of Warrington in regard to the Bill, but so far as that meeting was concerned, they had failed to dis- cover any signs of it. The Church had, however, been splendidlY represented by speakers. (Applause.) Allud- ing to the presence of Mr. Seddon, the. speaker said it WllB a matter of very. great significance that the people were now taking their place directly in the legislature of our country. It was one of the best signs of the times that we had Labour members in the House of Commons. (Applause.) He said "More power to the Labour members "and he did not object to more of them if they followed the same course in the future that they were pursuing at the present time. Mr. JOHN UPSON, in seconding, emphasised the I responsibility of local temperance reformers. There were in

===== 0002601_19081024_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TUN WIRRTNOTON TOWN couson,

at the present time thirty-six members, and one-sixth of them were engaged either f, the manufacture or the sale of intoxicating drink. ("Shame.") At the present moment one of those gentlemen was seeking re-election. In Orford Ward another publican was before the elec- torate, and he was told that in the Bewsey Ward another had been approached to present himself as a candidate. That meeting had been instructive and highly valuable, but it would fail largely in its effect if it did not drive the Citizens' League and the people of Warrington there represented into the wards to fight this battle. (Applause.) Magnifieent as that meeting had been, the I battle would not be won there. It would be -won in the polling b soths and in the wards. They had got to do the disagreeable work of canvassing. They had got to do the iaffuencing of the men and women who had votes, and unless they did it they failed in the respon- sibility which, Ur. Saddoa had so splendidly pointed out, rested upon their shoulders. Teen was enough moral forc3 in that meeting to sweep every one of those men out of the Warrington Connell —(applause)—and our social and civic life would be the better were they so swept out. But they would remain there, and they would be a power for evil, and their numbers would be added to, unless all present went away from that meet- ing feeling that the responsibility rested upon them to turn them out. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN appealed to the voters in the various wards not to vote for those who represented the drink traffic, in any form but to support their opponents. He believed there would very soon be issued a manifesto by the League on the subject. (Applause.) The vote was heartily accorded. Mr. SEDDON responded. Alluding to Mr. l7pson's remarks, he said: I don't care who the candidates are, whether they belong to us or not, in the municipal contest if it, is a question of a publican put all your weight against the publican. (Applause.) There is nothing more destruotive to the purity of civic life than to have men who can influence by strong drink either voters or any other section of the people. I ask you fer the sake of your old town to keep the clvic life pure or perer than it has been or has claimed to have been, so that those who are responsible for putting the men in the Council will do their duty by canvassing and using their moral influence. Mr. Seddon concluded by moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Guest for presiding. Mr. C. E. PARKER in seconding, said they owed a great deal to Mr. Dodds, the president, and to Mr. Guest, the chairman of the League and they were very glad those geptlemen were giving them snob an excellent lead. They were disappointed that they could not hear Mr. Dodds that night, but his voice through hoarseness was in such a state that he could n,ot speak to them. Nevertheless they hoped the lead he and Mr. Guest had given them would be earnestly followed and that temperance workers would rally round them. A vote was heartily passed and Mr. Guest having responded, the fneeting closed. ,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH-CHILL AT NIGIIT.

A Nurse's Extraordinary Collapse.

Chas. FOPII3S'S Bile Beans Clre Debility.

Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor, of 17, Gleba Street, Penarth, near Cardiff, is a fully-certified nurse, with many years' hospital and private practice. Five years ago, Nurse Taylor was taken suddenly ill as she was returning home from attending a patient. " I can scarcely describe the terrible feeling that cam A over me," said Hrs. Taylor to a "Cardiff Times" reporter. " I felt as if an icebarg was sanding a death-like chill right throuyit the whol.e of my body. Wy body was ice-cold, but at the same time my pulse was going at an extraordinary rate. The awful coldness made me quite blind for a time. Though I came round from this attack, I had many more of a similar nature. As a result, I became very weak; I lost all appetite, I was violently sick, and my sleep cams in fitful spells—an hour or two at a time was all I could get. I became weaker and weaker, until my friends said I was `going home' rapidly, "I had all the medical skill and attention it was posgrible to get. The doctors gave me medicine, but I got no real benefit.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
ORDINARY MEDMINES' FAILED.

"I continued to grow vo-eake; -a-rdsiirlf.had the terrible fainting attacks. I also became very nervous, and was in a state of constant agitation. My illness now lasted eight months, and I had lost nearly two atones in weight. I was thin and ghastly pale. I was not able to take any solid food, not even the most delicate morsels. I was practically kept alive on a little milk.

"Myhnband read of a case similar to mine which had been cured by Chas. Forde's Bile Beans, and he insisted on my giving them a trial. "I continled with Chas. Forde's Bile Beans until the fainting fits were entirely banished and I felt thoroughly well and strong again. The doctors never could tell what my complaint was, but, whatever it was, Chas. Forde's Bile Beans cured it thoroughly, for it is 3 years since I left off taking this remarkable medicine, and I have never once had a return of ill-health." The medicine that restored the health of Nurse Taylor,after her being at death's door, was the original and world-renowned Chas. Forde's Bile Beans, price Is. 1,!;t1. or 2s. 93., of all chemists. Before purchasing, carefully examine the label of the box and refuse to accept any that does not distinctly bear the trade mark "Charles Forde's." All others are worthless imitations, and money spent on them is worse than wasted.

It is only necessary to address a letter to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, for all sufferers from Anwmia (or Bloodlessness) to learn important facts concerning their ailment.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
The Eternal Cry. "Want of Blood."

A sad i instance at Bristol -cured by

Dr. Williamil Pink Pills,

On all sides there is a painful evidence in the 131.1251 stooping backs and pale emac,•iated faces of bath sexes, that the strife of in )dara life is rohbing tam and Womea of the Moo I they need to preserve active minds and strong bodies. Want of 131 iyi, f r nstance, led Mrs. Moanrca, of 15, St. Pailtp's Street, Bristol, to the depths of despair, bat the fact that filially she Found New, Good 8100 l and splead:d health ia Dr. Williams' Plait Pills should be ram ombared by the " I felt that life .was not worth living," sal I Mrs. Nforrisli, "but I had to drudge along from day to day for the sake of my family. " I had no colour in my cheeks, an I I lo3t al much flesh that my clothes were 9123 i to 3 large for ins. Every doctor I went to told me that

I WAS DAglEaoo-311.7 Many said that there was no hope for ma. True they gave me me lieine, hot nor's of it seental to do 1119 any good. S.) I-went on, from Hispital to U.on.valesceat Homes, and then b Lek to Sonialista, bat the cry every- where was " want of Blood " and no ra3licine

could give me any. Any exertion, even that of dressing myself made me giddy and faint. Painful flutter- ings troubled nay heart. Going up and down stairs I had to rest at every second step for breath.

My back and limbs ached intolerably, and on occasions I suffered racking headaches that nothing would ease. Also, ms stomach Mt so acre that even a cup of weak tea caused awful pangs - of Indigestion .

Mrs. S. MORRISH,

"One afternoon, a cured of An ami ia friend who called was Dr. Williams' Pink Pilts.. so shocked at my appearance that she olered to help me to bei. Yon ought to take Dr. Willie:lie' Pink Pills,' she said. Then I learned that she had been. through the same melancholy experience as 1n75e11, and only Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had carol her, so I commenced taking these Pills. After a little while I felt stronger ; I could climb, the stirs with ease and attend to my household duties almoit as well as ever. A few boxes of Dr. Williams' ['ink Pills brought back my appetite and I enjoyed everything I ate. I felt happier and stronger than for years past, and 1 walking did not fatigue ma. As I persevered with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills my blood was so renewed that I have nit had any weakness, pains or back- aches since. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills made ms well, and life is a pleasure to me now." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills give the joy of full health by enriching and purifying the Blood. They have itt countless instances cured Arlin nia, Indigestion, Rhea-. initisru, Eczema, and Skin Diseases, . the many forms of Nervous Breakdown so dreaded by men, and Spinal Weakness, Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance, Varalysis, and the Special Disorders of Wornanhno.i. Sold wall dealers ; or direct from the Dr. Williams' lledicine CoMpany, 43, We wn Viaduct, Loadou, post free, 2s. 91. for one box, or 13s. 01. for six boxes.

DANYSZ VIRUS kills

===== 0002601_19081024_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS 11140 MICE.

, HARMLESS TO OTHEIZ ANIMALS. A NORTEIWICH TESTISIONIA.L. From Ma. T. A. Com.Er, Clerk to the Urban District Council.

Council Offices, Northwich, June 13th, 1906. The Danysz Virus you sent has been tried with most excellent results. (Signed) J. ARTHUR, COWLEY. 1 tube 25.; 3 tubes 55.; per dozen 18s.; post free from DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., BOX 292. 52. Leadenhall Street. LONDON.

And of all Chemists.

50,000,000 ACRES (Fifty Million Acres) of LAND open for

===== 0002601_19081024_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
SETTLERS

WESTERN USTRALIA.

Free Grants of 'l6O Acres. Persons of good character, possessing knowledge of any class of agricultural work, are offered

; ASSISTED PASSAGES From £5 to £7. 10s. , Domestic Servants also wanted. For Illustrated Pamphlets and further particulars apply to the Agent-General for Western Australia, 15, Victoria Street, London, S.W.

Counsel The purchase of the Coffee that always pleases .1-;mi Iyi or CI uesits Syrrangton C

IFor the past quarter of a century there has been a coatisa ous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonderfal I cures effected by CLARK'S WOULD FA, SD BLOOD ' mixeinus, the finest Blood Purifier that solstice and medical skill have breugbt to light." Sufferers from 3eroftta. i Saurus% Eczema, Bas Legs. Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples ; and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial to try it I value. Sold everywhere at 2s. 93. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 6.

I CLARKS'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cars, In either 1 sex, all acquired for constitutional direatrges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back. brae from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. lid each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- .on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin end Midland Coantiesr,Drag Company, Lincoln,— Advt. To gOTHEIIB.—Mrs. Wrxer.ow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of manses for theft children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It 1. pleasant to taste ; ant produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child froa pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as; a button of all Chemists Ns. lid. —Advt.

, o.• ce E,pAence , _i . 4 I . , , 1)14, iPare Er I rlvi,goratina

===== 0002601_19081024_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
111

===== 0002601_19081024_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

.• 4 . • "- 1

===== 0002601_19081024_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
, ; ' 3

. . ' . . ... . . .. .., ill'''' ' . „, , . , 1 . . ' . . . . . . 1 . , : A . . . . . ../-* 't•-1' ' '.1"',..''1 ~c,..4:1" . ' 4 t 1. ..:1...': ''. -

===== 0002601_19081024_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

OCTOBER.

ROA VARRINGION

Acton bricrge-1 14, 740, 8 10,10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 2 55, a 3 35 5:2, 5 52, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a .Yedneslays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 958, 1142, all 55, a.m. 151, 442, a 6 28, 7 20,8 37, 8 pan. Sundays S 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m., Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22, 5 30, 7 11;3 35,9 58,11 42,11 55 a.m. 1 54, 4 42,6 28,7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. pundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. Chester-7 31, 8 17, 858, 95, 1028, 11 30 a.rn 1230, 140, 20,3 19, 422, 445, 530, 64, 757, 85, 10 18, 11 18, 11 57, p.m. Sundays- -42, a.m. 745, 11 37 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23,9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637, 78, 740, 930, 10 35 p.m. Sundays 543 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 1230,2 0,3 19,4-45,5 30, 6 4,3 5, 10 IS p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham 11111--7 34, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30,7 11,8 5, 8 23, 8 35,9 19, 10 15, 1055, 11 55 a.m. 1225, 1 15, 2 45, 3 '45, 40, 515, 637, 78, 7 40, 930, 10 30, all 30 P.m. it Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 8 35, 843 a.m. 510 60, 7 57, 10 8 p.m. • Fiddlers' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 3 17, 5 15,6 20, 80, 104 p.m. Sundays El 5 a.m. 240,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 31; 9 5, 10 28 a.m. 12 30, 20, S 19, 422, 4 15, 530, 64, 757, 85, 1018, 11 18 p.m. Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborna-5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 1055, 11 55 3.M. 1 15, 40, g 5 15, 720, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 31, 95, 11 30 a.m. 1230, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 5 30, 64, 85, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam and Cad ishead -6 55745,8 1093,98,10 355. m. 1 35,453,710,8 22,9 15, 10 4, all 50 p.m. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 38-a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18,030 p.m. a Saturdays only, Latchford-6 15, 717, 755, 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 am. 12 33, 1 11, 2 26, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25. e 2 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 630, 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 537, 7 5, 7 51, 85, 850, 95, 9 50, 10 55, 1050, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 18 b 1 13, 1 50. 2 17. 2 50, 3 25, 3 50, 4 2, 4 15, 450, 50, 5 0, 5 50, 6.2, G 50, 7 5, 7 50,8 0, 8 30,9 3, 9 45, 10, 10 40, blO 42, bit 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239, 4 45, 6 22,7 10, 8 29, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & .N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 26, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, .2 45, 3 20, 3 43, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 78, 7 40, 80, 4" 30, 10 4, 10 35, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 9 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 23, 5 10, 60,8 0, 10 8 p.m. Lynun-6 15, 717, 755, 880, 00, 955, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 226, 335, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 725, "3% 930, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,b11 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)--2 45, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b 7 11, 85, 823, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 17,1 15,2 41,245, 3 31,4 0,4 26,5 15,553,6 33,7 20, 8 6, ha 23, 10 SO, a Mondays only, b Saturdays only. Sundays, 2 45, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15,6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 9 40, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 245,1 53,7 55 a.m. 6 15, 6 0,7 57 p.m. a Aondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)-- 6 55, 7 57, 8 10, 8 55, 93, 955, 10 55,11 22, 11 55 12 55, 1 55, 2 53, 3 55, 4 5.5,4 53, 5 55, 6 55' 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55 0 15, 9 55, blO 4, bll. 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 is, 11 13 am 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 718, 8 55, 915, 9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 B'lo, 1020, a.m. 12.10,1 15, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 52, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays anceSaturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,h4 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 13, 10 13, 1040. 1055, 11 55, a.m. 1217, 12 25, 1 15 1 54, 2 45, 3 31, 4 0, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 9 43, nan. 3 33, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 10 8, p.m. ft Saturdays only. b Mon Aaya only. Padgato-G 55, 7 45, 8 10, 8 40, 10 35, 11 22 e.m. 12 19; 1 41, 3 55, 1 58, 5 33,6 5,7 10,8 22, 9 15, 1010, 1150 p.m. Sundays, 845, 10 18 a.m. 5 0,9 30 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, S 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 2 20, 3 47, 5 15, 20, 80, 10 pm. Sankoy-7 5, 8 5, 95, 10 0, 11 10 a.m. 12 0, bl 0 al 13, 2 21, 35, 420, 5 30,6 26, 75, 80, 910 blO 5,510 42 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 9'13 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 9.39, 11.4, a.m. 1.27, 3.28, 4 20, 50, lA. 20, 6 26, 80, 9.10, 10.40, Etl3l. Sundays, 9.32, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. asloodays, wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-G 13, 7 17, 755, 830, 9 0, 9 55, 1053, a.m. 1233, 1 11, 226, 333, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, at 3 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 630,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station.

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 31,7 40,8 51,939,1057 a ra.l2 31, *30,3 35, 4 33, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 50 a m. 4 42 p.m. Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 22, 9 55, 10 20, 11 10, 12 45 a.m. al 30, 3 3, 5 5, 6 48, 8 80940, 10 5, alO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 10 a.m. 1 15, 4 52, 8 50, 10 15, p.m. a Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. .4; N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, O 47, 11 25 a.M. 1 37, 3 23, 5 20, 7 0, 845, 100, 1030 p.m. Sundays 7 30 a.m. 137, 58, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 15, 4 20, 7 20, 8 45,9 33, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 22,2 5, 30, 3 50, 45, 5 20, 5 23, 1. 30, 7 25, 8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 420,6 48,7 13 a.m. 6 55, p.m. Collins Cl reen-6 30, 7 0, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 20, 3 5,3 51, 5 38, 6 42, 7 37, 9 6, 10 43, alO 53 P. 131. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays only, Daresbury-8 9, 10 15.11 21 a.m.2 44,4 44,6 6, 7 10, e o p.m. Sundays 733 a.m. 747 p.m. - Duntorn Hlll- 7 34, 050,10 52 a.m. 2.17,4 17, 5 35, ,eo, s 23 p.m. Sundays 655 a.m. 70 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 845, 850.9 15, 9 45, 1028, 0,36, 11 05 a.m. 1238. 1 14, 2 13, 327, 4 51, " 13, 5 54, 655, 745, 88, 0 10, 9 39, 10 47,10 55, 512 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 32, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 tt.rn. 3 45, 7 23,10 16 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 54, 9 42, 10 45 IQQ. 12 3,a12 59, 2 11, 3 27, 54, 62,6 53,9 19 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 1 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Prodshatu-7 49, 9 0, 9 58, 11 4, a.m. 225, 4 9,4 26, ! 4-8) 6 50, 8 33, p.m. Sundius 7 12, 7 29 a.m. 24 p.m, Golhorne-fl 44,3 26,10 17.a.m. 12 17,2 41, 4 30, 530, 7 15, 9 'II, la 37 a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. llelsby-7 11,8 56,9 51,10 58, a.m.12 10,2 22,1 4,4 22 5 42, 847,8 23 p.m. Sunday 7 3,7 25 n.ra. 7 IS p.m. Irlarn and Cadiel3ead-6 16, 6. 48, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, 1453, 1023 a.m. t 7, 2 15, 4 54, 7 4,8 SG, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 8 0.0,918, 1050, a.m. 120, 222, 6 55, 8 50, 00 p.m. , Latchford-7 55, 840, 9 22, 10 0, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45,2 13, 3 0, 3 38, 4 23, 1,5 39, 6 9, 6 49, 7 49, 9 34,c 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 2:1 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 730, 7 48, 8 12. S 30, S 3•J. 9 15. 930, 03.3, 9 45, 10 30, 11 30, 11 15 a.m. 12 33, 12 35, 13, 1 33, 1 45, 2 30, 235. 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 433, 443, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, e 35, 7 20, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, blO 50, 11 0, 1105 pan. a Mondays and Saturdays only. • Saturd-tys only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 40, cm. 2 30,3 15, 3 51, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L.& N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50, 6 10,7 0,8 5, 8 35, 9 5, 9 30, 955 11 0 a.m. 1225,120,245,30, 3 35,4 15.4 20, 4 50,5 10,6 10,6 55, 8 25, 8 35,9 o,blo 5 10 45. h 1115 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 113,9 20:6'11.2 10.6 30,7 15.10 4513 m. Lynra-7 48,932' 9 11, 9 52, 11 311. m. 1 11, al 37 ,2 5, 2 50, 320, 115, b 3 31, Gl, 6-11, 731, 9 45 „11 33 p.m. a Saturdaysonly. hSaturdaysescepted Modal ys 8 15 a.m. 2 25,7 15 p.m. Manchester(C,mtral)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 30,0 5, 9, nO, 9 33, 1030, 10 35, 11 :in 4.m. 1230, 1250, 20, 230, 3 20, 3 L 5, 4 ::.0, 4 35. 5 30, 6 0,6 30, 645, 7 110, 8 30, 835, 925, 10 20, alO 53, 11 0 p.m, • Saturdays only Sundays 830, 9 0, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. I 40, 20,25, 6 0, G 35, 8 30,9 4 0 p.m. Manchester (Loudon 11oad.)-5 50, 6 45, 7 70, 8 5, 8 303 5,9 43, 10 45, 11 10 a.m. 12 33, 1 5,2 40,3 10 15,4 2, 5 15, 60.7 15,9 10,0 30, 10 35, 1125 p.m., Sundays 7 50, 920 a.m. 60, 1035 p.m. 1 Nrocre-G 59, 9 3,11 9 a.m. 1253, a 3 12,4 8, 4 50, 33 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 p.m., a Wednes- "Ya and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 35, 7 19, 8 40, 97, 9 29, 10 13,10 20,11 8 a.m. 1235, al 5,a 1 28,3 7, 4 6,1 31, 445, 5 33, 5 50, 6 27, 7 41, 85. 9 36, 10 2, 10 50. all 51 n.m. Sundays 8 23, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20,11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 27, 6 58, 80, 8 29, 90, 10 3 A.M. 1 20, 2g, 55, G 20, 7 15, 98, 10 25, 11 32p.m. Sundays " 33, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12,10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34,0 19, 10 26 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 • 1 33, 5 40,6 30, 12,10 20 p.m. Sundays 9 0 a.m. 3 4 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 333 25. 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1235. 1.„25. 1 40, 2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26, 5 36, 6 23,7 25, 8 15, " 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m,4 3 c .51 P.m. °l,thpart-7 50. 90, 19 15, 10 50, 12 25, 1 30, 2 40 ••••,,,. 525, 70,8 5, 05, 100. Sundays 9 0, 50. a Saturday only. Thelwall-7 51,.8 36, 9 18,9 55, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, 'll 41, 2 0, 2 55, 3 31, 4 10,1) 5 35,6 5, G 43, 7 53,9 40, h 37 P.m. Sundays, 810 a.m. 229, 710 p.m. a aturdays only. b Saturdays excepted.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19081024_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL MID SAV MIS BANK REGULATIONS

For farther particulars see "Post Oflice Guide," at any Post Oilice. POSTAGE STAMPS. Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny stamps are now on sale at each post officer. Price 2s.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
INL AND CORRESPOisIDENCE. _ _ _

The term " Inland Correspondence" means cor- respondence posted within the United Kingdom, Including the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands. "Inland Correspondence" is divided into the following classes: (/ Letters (d) Newspapers (b Postcards (e) Parcels (c Halfpenny pucketS Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trans- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size.

LETTEI POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... Id. For every additional 2 0z5.... id. A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a letter insufficiently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot In width, or one foot in depth. POST-CARDS. The prepaid rite of postage on every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A postcard posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 51 inches in length by 3i inckes in width, or be less than 31 inches in length by 2i inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and i-inch wide) bearing the address may now be affixed to the address side of card. If any of the rnles relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter.

... HALFPENNY PACKET POST. The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 2oz. in weight. Printed matter, &0., not in the nature of a letter, may be transmitted by this method. NEWSPAPER POST. The prepaid rate of postage on a registered news- paper, Including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others isid. Newspapers not registered at the General Post (Moe are treated in the post like any other printed matter.

PARCEL POST. - The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: For a parcel ... not exceeding 1 lb. 0 3 ft exceeding 1 lb. „ 2 lb. 0 4 fl „ 2 lb. „ 8 lb. 0 5 f „ 3 lb. 5 lb. 0 6 I/ 5 lb. fr 7 lb. 0 7 ff 7 lb. 8 lb. 0 8 8 lb. 9 lb. 0 9 „ 9 lb. „ 10 lb. 0 10 „ 10 lb. „ 11 lb. 011 No parcel may exceed 11 lb. in weight. The size allowed for an inland parcel Is:— Greatest length... 3 ft. 6-in. Greatest length and girth combined 6 ft. 0 in. For example—A parcel measuring Sft. 6in. in its longest dimensions as much as 2ft. 61n. round its thickest part ; a short parcel may be thicker ' • thus, if it measure no more than 3fl. in length, it may measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. The postage on a parcel must be prepaid. Mark each parcel" Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postage are in order before leaving. PARCELS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL). Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similar to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The customs charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must be prepaid. ' MONEY ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issue a single money order for more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a id. can be contnined in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 2d. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, 4d.; £2O, 6d. ; £3O, Bd. ; £lO, 10d. By paying an additional 2d. and cost of the telegram of Advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order may be issued for places abroad varit.s in each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ; £2, 6d. ; and above that, 3d. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A fee of 61. In addition to the ordinary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS.

These are obtainable at any money order office in the United Kingdom, and possess the advantage over money orders that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed, they can be paid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising hy 6d., from 6d. to Li Is. The poundage fees are up to 2s. ed.; hl. up to ]ss.; lid. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always fill in the name of the person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is numbered, as Is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should be retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- master-General will entertain no further claim after an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to makeyp odd sums.

- _ TELEGRAMS (INLAND). The Postmaster-General possesses,almost entirely, the privilege of transmitting,oollecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the United iiingdom. The charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of 6d. which covers 12 words, and an additional id. for each extra word. This charge Includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a sub-office then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made from the office door. All charges are, as far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, but bender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated on payment of half the original charge, which extra payment is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or banded to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost of registering an abbrevi- ated addresg, which must consist of two words, is is.

TELEGRAMS (FonEroN AND COLONIAL) Must be wriLten on special forms endure accepted in the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK.

These are -established at all money order oilices. In ordinary MRS the annual deposit must not exceed £5O, nnri the total amount £2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children under seven years of age cannot be withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under bie or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is Is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps aflixed to a special form. Each depositor receives a bank book in which the mount of each deposit should be entered at the time of paying in. If the deposit is El or over. a special acknowledgment is sent from the heal London °ince. Interest is allowed at the rate of 2i per cent. Any amount up to and including may be withdrawn without previous notice, on presenting a bank hook. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking and adding interest. The withdrawal of money can bee xpedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of teleg rants. P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK LINE CHARGES. The fees for the use of the Trunk lines are as follows:— For 25 miles or under 3d. fl 50 PI 9, 75 II ••• ..• 9d. „ 100 „ „ every additioil'al 40 miles or fraction thereof... ... 6d. Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m., six minutes conversation is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced charge is made for three minute calls. -- MOTOR CAR AND CYCLE REGULATIONS. Each one must be registered with the council of a county or county borough, the fee being £1 fored motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A register a number is assigned to each, which it is an offence not to beep atlixed when driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from the county authorities,:w bleb may be endorsed or suspended fur reckless driving or certain other -Affences. .The highest speed at which a car may be driven on the public highways is 20 miles an hour, which is reduced to 10 milLs under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the Motor Car Act (1003), to drive a car in such a way Oh a public highway as to be dargerous to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to be presence of the motor car on the road, the river must supply his name and address, and the tamer and number of the car, under heavy penal- odie The driver must produceh is licence at the sequest of a police constable.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday October 24, 1908. SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

AN OLIGOCENE SQUIRREL.

The Oligocene is one of the divisions of the ancient geological age known as the Ter- tiary. Recently the Oligocene rocks in the Bourbonnais, France, _yielded two very inte- resting little fossils, one of a bparrow, the other of a squirrel, which is almost ideLltical in all its anatomical characters with the com- mon squirrel of the present time. So per- fectly is the fossil preserved that the hairs can still be seen detaching themselves in fine lines along the back of the skeleton. The t'ead is lacking.

EXTRAORDINARY SENSE FOUND IN FISH. For more than half a century it has been understood that the lateral line of scales along each side of fishes is connected to a special nerve. The Use of these lateral organs has been a matter of much specula- tion, but the experiments of M. Hofer seem to shew that their chief function is the per- ception of water currents. They supply a new sense in place of the lacking sense of touch. They cause a 'blindfolded fish to stop and turn aside within an inch of a solid ob- ject, lead to streams and spawning brooks, akid keep the fish world informed and warned.

Sold everywhere in boxes, price I/li (56 pills) & 2/9 (168 pills). I..ll""n..M.Filani.Zl.-IrlArlarl-lrameWL.l"

===== 0002601_19081024_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRIBUTION OF ROTIFERS.

In his paper on South African Rotifers, published in the journal of the Royal Micro- scopical Society, Mr. Rouscelet remarks on the extraordinarily wide distribution of many species. • This he explains by the fact that in addition to the ordinary thin-shelled sum- mer' eggs, Rotifers also produce eggs with thick and tough shells, which can stand any amount of drying-up. These may be carried aloft with the mud of dried-up pools by the wind, and carried by air currents round the globe. During his short stay in South. Africa Mr. Rousselet was able to add largely to the list of knothi species of Rotifer in that country.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
FACTS ABOUT RAINDROPS.

A Washington official. has been collecting data as to the size of raindrops. This official employed in his experiments sheets of slate made in book form so as to be readily closed and 'ruled in inch squares. The impressions of the drops were caught on the gate and afterwards carefully copied on paper. The experiment slimed that the size of raindrops varies from a speck so ernall as to be almost invisible up to a diameter of 2in. Other in- teresting facts about raindrops brought out by this official's experiments sllttv that drops of the same size do not always; contain the same amount of water, and that some of the largest drops are hollow.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOUS LAKE PHENOMENON.

One of the natural curiosities of ',Switzer- land is Lake Morat, which turns blood red every tenth year. For centuries this freak was regarded by the Swiss with superstitious dread, and not until scientists turned their attention to the matter was the belief in the supernatural partly removed. Even now some of the more ignorant v.ersist in regard- ing the omen as one of evil import. The red- dish colour is given the water by a minute plant closely related to the red snow. Every tenth year this plant begins to propagate, i and so quickly does it grow that n a short time the whole lake is a crimson tide. The plant is so minute as not to be perceptible without the aid of a microscope, and there was some foundation for the early belief that the lake had turned into a sea of blood.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
KNEW BOTANICAL ORDER.

The two genera of seed-bearing 'plants, juliania growing in Mexico, and,. orthoplery- gium from Peru, present peculiar characters which prevent them being received into any existing order. Mr. W. -B. Hemsley, there- fore, in the Proceedings of the Royal So- ciety, has founded a new order for their re- ception under the name of julianiacese. Hitherto both the above genera have been known only from very imperfect material. They are resinous, deciduous shrubs, male and female flowers being borne on different plants. They' are small and green, or greenish-white, in colour, the former very similar to those of the oak, and the latter like those of the sweet chestnut. The fruits are samaroid, like those of the elm, and the orbicular nuts contain each a solitary seed. The new order is placed between the .nut 3 (cupuliferse) and the walnuts • (fuglandacese).

===== 0002601_19081024_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TWO STELLAR STREAMS.

Systematic observation of the heavens _las, h. the opinion of some astionomers, proved the existence of at least two great Stellar streams, one cf which includes our sun. Pro- fwor Dyson. has resumed . the analytical study of stellar motions, observing 1,100 stars whose proper . motions range from twenty to eighty seconds of are per century. These 1,103 stars are distributed over both celestial hemispheres. • Dyson's observations confirm those of Kapteyn and Eddington, and practically the • same apices, or objective points, have been found for the curre»te ny all three astronomers. Kobold, at the obser- vatory of Kiel, has been studying the sub- ject frorn a different point of view. He has proved that the sun is moving through space ih company with a great swarm of stars. It is the ignorance of. this fact that has intro- duced the systematic errers in the eadier determinations of the apex of this swarm.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ,PLANET VENUS.

During the 'last quarter of a century Mars has been the planet the most talked about, the most famous, the most exciting to human curiosity. Yet, after all, it ie greatly to doubted, Dr. Garrett P. Servies contends, Mars ought to be regarded as the most at- tract-ive of the. planets from the point oi• view of human int•sn.c4st. "For my own part," he says, "I have always regarded Vonue3 es much more interesting in that re- gard. .The reason is not far to seek. • Mars is, a very small planet compared with the earth; it is very far from the sun ; it is a world whose surface is alracet entirely dried up, and it retains only a very rare atmo- spheric envelope. Its interest arises entirely from the fixity of certain features of its disc and their relative distinctness to telescopic vision. Venus, on the other hand, is

===== 0002601_19081024_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TWIN OF THE EARTH

ia magnitude, is nearer to the sun than we are, pcsosscs, inferentially, an abunclanca of water, and certainly a very denial and ex- tensive atmosphere. All its physical Condi- tions, arc ranch better suited to the mainten- anoe a inhabitants than' are those, of -Mars. There is only ' one apparent obstacle which has been found • sarleusly to Challenge the conelrfiion that 'Venus is a habitable and probably an inhabited world, and that ob- stacle is based open - the questian of its period of ,rotation on its axis. Many years ago Schispnreili announced - his conclusion that Venus did net rotate, as astionorners had :previously ly2licve-d, in a period c1e3217 corresponding -with that of the earth, but in- stead turned- poly once GUY its Sin maising cue revolution •shoot the- sun."

===== 0002601_19081024_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMPOSITION OF STARCH.

. . It has been generally accepted by chemists that starch . is • a definite ChomiOal compound or carbon, hydrogen, nrd oxygen, repro- ecnted by the formula, ClB, 11.30, 015. The thange .of starch into sugar Fader the influ- ence of dilute acids we explained as due to the taking on of the elements of water. A etudy of potato starch' by a Pclisly chemist, Jentys, has led him to conclude that staiSx is a • mixture, and that the suger exists in th 3 original substance. He • con Vends that it is. a colloidal .mixture ef an oxidisable sugar with certain suLitapace. of the aromatic series. The familiar blue onion: produced by the ac- tion of iodine en starch is • duo. to ,onc of these latter: Jentys, in fact, finds thew •ar#

THItEn sqpir comPouismst coloured blue. rod, and • yellOw respectively by iodine. 'rhe curioi:s stratified appearance of starch grains is familiar to all wcirkers ith the microscope. . This is explain:A es due to tits separation of layers of sugar by the other constituents. • It is a physical and not a physiological phenomenon. The con- version of starch into sugar is neA—To be ex- plained by the taking up of the . elements of water. but is • rather, -roerel.v a separation of Lae already existing • sugar from the aromatic ;ompotmds. Acids effect this by clecompcs- tag the .latter, ferments lead to separation ciithout ii!ilcoraposition.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL

THE NORTHERN UNION.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Australians COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

*Yorkshire... ...... 6 630 Cumberland THE ;NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. *Leeds 2 4 16 Hudderefield 0 2 6 Huuslet Wigan *St. Helens 4 1 11 Widnes *Batley 2 313 Halifax . 0 0 0 Dewsbury Oldham 2 3 13 *Hull K. R. 2 2 10 *Mid-Rhondda Wakefield Trinity 4 6 26 *Aberdare 0 0 0 Broughton R. 2 4 16 *Barrow .- .. *Runcorn 2 "4 16 Rochdale H. ... 1 2 8 *Keighley Ebbw Vale 5 937 Barry a 0 0 0 *Leigh 2 3 12 Swinton 1 0 2 ' Warrington v. Wigan. 1

The Wigan men brought disaster to Warrington on Saturday and their victory by 21 points to 5 at Wilderspool is about a record for the two clubs. It was expected that the home team would have a good share in the scoring, bat the visitors displayed brilliant form throughout. Warrington were certainly handi- capped by the injury to Dickenson, and the three- quarter line was disorganised. O'Neill the Welsh International forward, made his first appearance for Warrington. The match, as usual, proved a popular one and there was a crowiti of 9,C00 a couple of thousand coming from Wigan. Excellent weather conditions contributed to a fine exhibition of the handling code. Teams:— Warrington.—Tilley, back ; Fish, Cartwright, Taylor, and Landor, three-quarter backs; Brooks and Jenkins, half backs; O'Neill, Dowell, P. Boardman, A. E. Boardman, Boltoai and Naylor, forwards. Wigan—Sharrock, back ; Creevey, Todd, Jenkins, and Leytham, three-quarter backs ; dleave and Thomas, half backs; Silcock, Ramsdale, Blears, Johnston, Cheetham, and Whitaker, forwards. Referee, Mr. F. Kennedy,. Touch judges, Messrs. H. Bennett (Liverpool) and 11. Farmer (Runcorn). Warrington started off in dashing style and the War- rington defence had an anxious time, Landor upsetting Leytham near the line. Cartwright broke away with a short dribble and cleared, while a smart run on the left by Fish caused an invasion of the Wigan territory. Fine punting by Sharrock drove the homesters back and some. hot work ensued in the Warrington quarter. Taylor and Jenkins collided, but the Warrington man got the ball away to centre again. In the melee Fish was hurt and remained off the field till near the interval Thomas broke away finely from the Wigan pack and kicked past Tilley. The latter was ready to save the ball when Thomas pushed him over and scored a questionable try near the posts. Leytham missed thei goal. The reverse disheartened Warrington somewhat,l but they made a strong effort through Landor, who twice raced half the length of the field but was stopped near the line. Wigan ran down again with fine passing, and from a scrummage on the line Leytham dropped a loose ball and scored. Half-time Wigan 2 tries ; Warrington nil. Warrington had Fish back again on resuming but Wigan agained forced home their advantage, and Gleave got clearly away, and handed on to Janstone when challenged,the New Zealander making no mistake with the try, which Leytham improved. Still applying the pressure, Leytham got another goal and try through intercepting a Warrington pass, whilst a minute later Thomas ran right through with a try, Leytham again gosling. Warrington effected a rally, and after Brooks had led the way to the line, be handed on the Lsndor, who crossed and gave Fish a chance to place a goal. Result :—Wigan 3 goals, 5 tries (21 points) ; Warrington 1 goal, 1 try (5 points).

===== 0002601_19081024_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
T. HELENS v. WIDNES.

Played at St. Helens, before 5,000 spectators. The opening stages were an even character, until eventu- ally Widnes were penalised for" not playing the ball," and J. Smith placed a goal far St. Helens. The home team continued to be aggressive, and for obstruction the visitors were penalised, and Smith placed two more goals. Play veered from end to end, both teams being unlucky in not crossing the line. Briers picked up and dashed for the line but Jones tackled him. Half-time score :—St. Helens 3 goals (6 points), Widnes nil. Aspey started the second portion, and St. Helens opening out with a round of passing, Manchester was pushed into touch at the corner flag. Widnes got dangerous, and in a dash for th,, home line, Noon the visitors' half back, was knocked down, and failing heavily broke his collar bone and had to be carried off the field. They also lost the services of Lynch shortly after, be having to retire with In injured knee. Flanagan scored under the posts for St. Helens, and Smith goaled. Final: St. Helens, 4 goals 1 try (11 points) ; Widnes, nil.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. ROCHDALE HORNETS.

This match was played at Runcorn before 2,000 spectators. Rochdale\ showed very good form and led by a try to nil at half-time, but lost the services of Robinson (the scorer) with a broken collar-bone. In the second half Jolley soon ectualised, and then Turner of Rochdale was sent off the field. Runcorn now had the best of matters and Padbury scored three tries, Jolley adding two goals. Rochdale played up pluckily and got another goal and try. A fine game concluded with the score : Runcorn, 2, goals 4 tries (16 points) ; Rochdale Hornets, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points).

===== 0002601_19081024_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON " A " V. WIGAN "A."

These teams met before a large crowd of spectators at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday. More than ordinary interest was taken in the encounter as both sides were considered to he going strongly for the championship. The opening phases of the game were of a we-and-lake nature, end after Jordan had placed his side inn good position, David set the Wigan three- quarters going, but the movement broke down at Green. Neat combination by Kaye, Oakes sn4Jordan again harraseed Guru's charge, but the old Bradford back effected a floe clearance, and after Jordan had had a futile shot at goal, Prescott ran the ball out of danger. The respite as only brief, for Warrington again got dangerous, and Jordan and Oakes making good attempts, the scene of operations was witnessed at the Wigan end. A smart rally by the locals ended in Green scoring and this proved to be the only point registered during this ball. Turning round Lloyd soon placed the sides on level terms when he gained a brilliant try. 'I he game was fought cut in splendid fashion rnd after Green had given his side the lead Warrington pressed bard in the closing tages and the outcome of a fine movement was a try to Dewitt, which point was improved upon by Daintitb,and this kick gave Warrington the victory. Pesult : Warrington, une goal two tries (eight points) ; igen, two tries (six points).

===== 0002601_19081024_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

THE COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP. LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE.

A meeting of the Lancrsbiro County Union Com- mittee was held in Manchester, on Tuesday evening. The Lancashire team to oppcse Yorkshire at Salt ord, on Saturday, October 30th, was selected as follows Gifford (Barrow), full back • G. NV. Smith (Oldham), right centre; B. Jenkins (Vigan), left centre ; G. Tyson (Oldham), right n ing ; J. Leylhatn (Wigan), left wing, three-quarter backs ; J. Jolley (Runcorn) and E. Brooks (Warrington), half backs • IL Padbury (Run- corn), W. Longworth (Oldham), 0. Ruddick (Broughton Bangers), A. Logan (Barrow), A. Smith (Oldham), and D. [tees (Salford), forwards. r: serves : E. Clarkson (Leigh), full back ; A. Hogg (Broughton Rangers) three:quarter lack; .T. Thomas (Wigan %, 11., Barnett (Swinton), P. O'Neill (Leigh), forwards.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WAItRINGTO-N AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. -

LATCHFORD V. ItYLANDS.—PItued at Latchfold on Saturday. Rauh : Latchfold, two goals ; Rylands, two goals.

WARRINGTON .AND DISTRICT ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS' LEAGUE. RESULT TO DATE.

D. L. For Agst. P. —Goals— iTeatheide Parochial Wycliffe 6 5 . 0 .. 1 ... 12... 4... 10 Ar p I ey-street 6 ... 3 ... 1 2 ... 12 ... 16 ... 7 Trinity Hamilton sr 4 ... 1 2 1 ... 8 ... 8 4 St.Barnabas' ... 2 ... 0 3 7 12 ... 4 St. James' 5 .. I . 3 ... 3 ... 5 ... 3 St. Mary's Beamont Christ Church 5 ... 0 ... '2 ... 2 ... 9 ... 23 ... 2 Silver street 4 ... 0 ... 1 ... 3 ... 4 ... 16 ... 1 St. Alban's The Trinity boys proved too clever I'vr Bearnont whom they defeated by 3-0. O'Neill was a host in himself for the winners, R hile the tacks were always steady and sure. For the losers Everall played a hard ; game, getting 11mAigh a great deal of weak, in fact, at times he attempted too mech. Silver-street had to meet a very clever combination when they' were cpposed to Iferithsiee and were over- played at all points. Pritchard at centre forward , played a good I trading game, and was alanys a scurce ,of danger to the opposing defence. One of his shots ; was a particularly fine effort and could not be surpassed even in first league football. Nurse worked hard for the losers, but received no support. Result, 6-0. St. Barnabas' went down before Arpley-street by 2-0. In the early stages of the game Arpley-street

P. VV.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
‘, RED 114 SE itTiO

WANTAGE HORSES IN GRAND FORM. Gentlemen that will pay well for an occasional gord thing from Wantage, please send stamped a'..d.ess.—F. Miii st.,Wantage.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
L

12 CABINET PORTRAITS FOR 4/-

Shp by Pot and Save 41- in £.

BUCC.O.IrtEZ'S W2mlo.Ale Warohouse, A3ll9rlock atroor,

Ring up Telephone No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING

PRINTING

PRINTING

OF EVERY DESURIPTIO:i

===== 0002601_19081024_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
John alker 'Us

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on b:ue, wtlte, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

GIRCL.kPS in the neatest style, from m-Jdt:rn type. and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMIE9 for Entertainmerit.3l leancert6 ac., In the latest artletto style.

SPECIAL facilities for all Ekicds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing

Bookbinding

Lithography.

Sl"' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP:ION BOOKS P.l-Inted. Bound, blurnberd and Perforated to order.

ANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap ie. and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Sct]ools, Sermons, Serlice,-0 Festivals, Scc.

OATALO_GUE3 fur Public aril Pri7ate Librariae Auctioneers and Tradosmen.

PRICE LISfS Printed on card or paper inns Crated. If required.

•

1

I

<

I

I

•

17-

I

I

I

I

- :

===== 0002601_19081024_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS -11151

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest voster in

the district,

60in. x 40in. in one sheet.

EVERY .DESCRIPTION :01P PRINTIMI

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEREL7.B AND CATALOG LTES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAI4iLIES'

INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CraCULA H S, ?AIIPHLETS, ZimE Booxs, Mai. Worm," CATALOG CES,. . CLUE RULES, PrtoonammEs, BALANCESHEETS, EXECUTED AT BECOET NOT/Ca.

Paper Ruling

Die Stamping

Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SIifETS INOTICES OF MEETINGS FOSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POSI.CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

===== 0002601_19081024_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY ETREET.

ktqZM

=MI

-

I

I

slArt ,

~,

•

T.• te,

I

===== 0002601_19081024_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19081024_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• , • ,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
QUESTIONS FOR TARIFF REFORMERS

11.—If Tariff " Reformers" desire •to benefit the whole Nation, what are they to do for the people who work' in trades in which there are no Imports, -171 view of the fact that these " utprotectable " people form the great majority of the Nation P

"Tariff llsform " only applies to trades which have imports, and the great majority of trades (for example, mining, building, railway service) have no imports. The following figures show how the British people ranked in the trades respectively with and without imports, at the Census of 1001, when the United Kingdom had 42,000,000 people: In trades which In tradt.t which have Imports, have no Imports. Workers Dependents lof the Workers 6,158,000 17,582,000

10,895,000 31,105,000

'Tariff Reform "at the best, then, only applies to orte, person in four in the United Kingdom. L. G. C. I\l..

===== 0002601_19081024_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication mndt in ell cases send their names and addresses to the Editor e.s a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Civic League of Help.

Sir,—ln connection with this latest fashionable fad I _notice that Miss Broadbent said, " If the clergy and ministers kept to their own spiritual duties there would not be half the pauperism which existed amongst them." Who would have thought that this problem which has racked the brains of statesmen so long could be solved so easily. Are we not making a mistake in keeping women out of Parliament? Who knows whether the other half of pauperism might not be disposed of,in the same brilliant fashion. Miss Broadbent proceeded to remark that they had to be chary about taking clergy- men's recommendations. In reply to which it may be said with regard to the administration of the Poor Law, if the public had confidence that the Guardians were spending the pounds wisely they would not begrudge a few shillings spent occasionally in giving outdoor paupers the benefit of the doubt. Can Miss Broadbent give us some assurance that whilst they are spending endless time and money in red tape about an extra shilling to any outdo or pauper large sums are not spent without adequate care and investigation. With regard to the Civic Leagues of Help, are they necessary from a sound utilitarian point of view? Assuming that some of our charitable organizations are not sufficiently active or well managed and assum- ing that our Poor Law Guardians in some cases are not very humane or sympathetic, what steps can the League take ? Is it supported by any weight of public opinion. Judging from the meagre attendance and half hearted response to the first invitation, the public see nothing in it, but ostentatious charity. It is work and justice the people want.—Yours,Stc., COMMONSENSE.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
The Price of Electricity.

Sir,—My Committee would be glad if you would give the following paragraph, which is taken from the Electrical Times,' under the heading of "Liverpool," a notice in your next. edition. It is interesting to observe the comparative ages of Liverpool and War- rington Electricity Undertakings. Liverpool is in its '24th year of operation and Warrington in its 7th year. "The charges for electric energy are likely to form a subject of discussion during the forthcoming municipal ! elections. A start has been made by one of the local I papers in a leader comparing the prices charged at I Liverpool and Warrington, showing that light- ing and power consumers in the former town are not so favoured with the cheap electricity as those in the latter place. As far as lighting is concerned there is little to choose, though with the discounts allowed and the absence of meter rent, perhaps Warrington consumers are in the better case. Power lasers in Warrington, however, have a distinct advan- tage, and the paper in question urges the Liverpool , Electricity Committee to follow the Warrington Authority's lead and adopt a somewhat similar scale of charging and discounts."—Yours truly E. V. L. MATHIAS, Borough Electrical and Tramways Engineer. P.S,—My Committee thinks this paragraph is an adequate answer to certain people in this town who are alviays ,grumbling about the price of electricity and fail to appreciate that they are very well off in this respect.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Musical Society.

"Sir,—ln the hope of enlisting the sympathies and more practical interest of all lovers of music and others lii the Warrington Musical Society, I would ask you to kindly grant me space in order to direct special atten- tion to the Society's work and to solicit greater support. It may not he generally known that the Society was formed in 1834, the preliminary meeting being held in December, 1833. During this-75 years the Society has seen many changes and passed through many vicissitudes, but space will not allow of my entering at length into these. I hope, however, shortly to be able to draw up a ceficise history of the Society and with your permission, to publish it in your columns. One of the most important of these changes resulted in the appointment of Mr. F. H. Crossley, as conductor in September ISOO, and under his very able and tactful leadership, the Society has progressed numerically and musically by leaps and bounds. It now possesses a very efficient and nearly complete orchestra and stands in an almost uniq le position among such Societies. It must be always borne in mind that the oNect and scope of the Society is purely educational, and it may be fairly claimed that the work it has done has been very snccessful from a musical point of view and has also been very beneficial to the tow socially and in other ways. The recent performances of a Merrie England " will be fresh in the minds of your readers. This was pro- duced under the auspices of the Society by its opera Committee and performed solely and entirely by its members most successfully. That such a performance has been possible (not to mention previous operas pro- duced) is due to a very large extent to the long-con- tinued and successful work of the Society, and Warring- ton has a right to be proud of it and of such artistes as Messrs. J. Babbitt, J. W. Bibby, C. P. Gough,' G. H. Smith and W. Moores, and Mrs. Booth, Misses Henshall, Houghton, Anderton and many other members I am unable to name for want of space have proved theruselves,and who have given so mach of their time and have worked so whole-heartedly and with such good feeling in the interests of the Society. Seeing then that the Society's work, seconded by much natural talent and the beart7 co-operation of its ' members ho s borne such excellent fruit. I now appent' most strongly to your readers and Warringtonians generally and ask them in the interests of the town and musical education (a-blob has such a refining and of elevating infisence) to enter their names as Subscribers to the Society. The loss on last season's work amounted to £45 and the Society's power for good has been greatly lessened for want of fends. The committee have in con- sequence found themselves unable to do all they would I wish to have done. The subscriptioes for the three; concerts given each season by the Society are very moderate, viz. :—lteserved dress seats (body of hall), 10s. fid.• reserved cehtre gallery, is.; second reserved. seats (Cody of hall or reserved side galleries,) "<; 3. The first concert of the season is fixed for November 11th, the plan opens to subscribers on Saturday next, October 31st at Mr. Pearson's, Bridge. I street, who will be very pleased to take the names of new subscribers whose support would be greatly valued —I remain, sir, yours sincerely, JOHN P. REYNOLDS

Hon. Treasurer.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETIL

PE.NKETII AND SANKEY HORTICULTURAL AD CAGE BIRDS GARDEN SOCIETY.—The annual meeting was held en Wednesday evening at the Liberal Club, commencing at eight o'clock. Mr. J. E. Withenshaw (president) occupied the chair.—The general secretary (Mr. J. J. Foden) presented a most satisfactory balance sheet, 'which was passed.—After the prizes had been distributed n committee to manage next year's show was elected : President, left open ; treasurer, Dr. Murray, J.P. ; general secretary, J. J. Foden ; assistant eeeretary, Mr. Woods ; cage birds secretary, A. Hampson ; committee, Messrs. G. Faulkner, J. Carman, It. Long, J. Backhouse, T. Bell, I. Allcroft, G. W. Clare, D. Bonehill, W. Moores, J. Moores, W. Woods, .T. Tlampson, E. Hough- ton and S. Andrews. About 20 vice-presidents were elected. It was decided to hold next year's show on tbe 14th August. DEBATE AT THE LIBERAL CLUB.— On Tuesday evening a most interesting debate, which is the second of the session, took place at the above club. The subject was "Conscription." Mr. H. J. Mainley opened ;the debate in a most able manner, and provoked several questions from those present, which Mr. Mainley answered satis- factorily. Mr. J. Foden was voted to the shah in the absence of the prealdent. A vote of thanks to Mr. Mainley and the chimp broughc a mcg sgccgs3ful rceeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

INSANE COMPETITION DISCUSSED.

"How do deal with insane competition" was the problem to which our Local Parliament addressed , itself on Thursday evening, a resolution on the subject I being moved by the Rev. C. Harvey Cook. An interest- I in," debate resulted and the rev, gentleman had the satisfaction of carrying his proposals which amounted to placing more trust and confidence in one's fellows and introducing ethics into trading relations. Mr. Cook argued his points with considerable skill and was warmly cheered by all sections of the House. In the absence of the Clerk of the House (Mr. IV. Mason) his duties were undertaken by the Deputy-Clerk (Mr. Nathan Cook, jun.) The Ministry was well represented, but the Premier (Mr. John Upson) had to leave when the questions had been answered. The Opposition Loader (Mr. IV. H. Stansfleld) was in his accustomed place.

QUESTION TIME. There were only two questions of which notice had been given. One of them provoked a strong and at the same tine amusing reply from the Premier. It was addressed by the member for East Belfast (Mr. Hawthorne) and read : To ask the Prime Minister if he has authority from the Prime Minister of the Imperial Parliament for the proposals pat before this House, or are they pat before the House merely as catch-votes, and such as would not be put forward by any party in a position of less freedom and more responsibility. The PREMIETt said that a contemporary man of letters, a great Frenchman, had said in his ironical fashion that to think was a great infirmity. He con- gratulated the Member for East Belfast that he did not suffer from that infirmity. (Laughter.) He believed that on the introduction of the Budget the member for Northwich called attention to the obvious fact that he had no brains to spare—(laughter)—but that if he had any of that happy superfluity he would have conferred some of his super-abundance upon the front Government Bench. (Laughter.) "'I will suggest to him " continued Mr. Upson " that if he is ever in the position of having an abundance of that very valuable commodity, he would find those very much nearer to himself were in greater need than the members of this Bench." (Laughter.) Mr. Upson charactJrised the suggestion as to consulting the Prime Minister of the Imperial Parliament as ridicalous, when they bore in mind that the Society was simply formed to encourage public speaking and to facilitate that object the 'Government introduced Bills. Further, he was astonished that any member of the House had studied history and politics to such little effect as to think that beneficent legislation ever proved of a vote-catching character. It was not great reforms that caught votes. It was cheap ale as a rule. (Laughter). He could say fearlessly that were the Government's position one of greater responsibility and less freedom, they would still endeavour to the utmost of their powers to carry their views into effect _ _ _ _

by legislation. -(Cheers.) Mr. flAweetonNe. (E. Belfast) : The Prime Minister I knows perfectly well that although Bills on Home Rule and so on have been carried here, his party in the Imperial Parliament dare not introduce them. The Sees.= (Mr. C. Plinston) said that in asking questions it would be advisable for hon. members to use a bit of discretion. (Hear, bear.) Had the ques- tion been submitted to him after the last sitting he would have ruled it out of order. TICE MEMBER you PORTSMOUTH asked the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer : As the livings of many of the clergy are derived from mining royalties, will the Government make arrangement for the assessment of such incomes at the nine.penny rate as earned income Die CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHRWER (Mr. E. England) said he was sorry to learn that so many of the clergy derived their incomes from mining royalties, but he might say at once that as the Liberal Govern- ment was no respecter of persons, it was not their inten- tion to alter the present system, because it was working well and equitably. DEBATE ON COMPETITION. The Rev. C. Hanve.v COOK (Ashford, Kent), then introduced his resolution to facilitate humane competi- tion. He took it that it was agreed amongst the mem- bers that the present state of competition was an insane condition altogether. But there was this peculiar and striking fact : that whilst this insane competition had been growing, there had been growing alongside of it a large public spirit which had tried to battle, and somewhat successfully he hoped, with this insane com- petition and to make it more humane. To advocate the abolition of the principle of competition was to run counter to and to run one's head against the stone wall of experience and of history. The competitive principle, so far as his reading of history was concerned, was indestructible in human nature. Neither did he favour State regulation of competition, because it did not appear to be anything more than a make-shift. His sug- gestion might sound-a little quixotic, but it was that in order to solve the problem they should appeal to the msgnarnimity of rnen,that they should place faith in men and have confidence in each other, that they should put ethics into trade and make the principle of faith in men the regulating principle in all they did in com- merce. Man in the hulk had ever been worthy of trust and had ever responded to it. There should be no legal disabilities, liabilities or penalties in order to deal with the question. The root evil was that men did not go into business for a life's work, but simply to make money and to gain their pile as quickly as they could. He agreed that the laws or demand and supply regulated competition, but not the baneful part of it. Even these 'awe, however, were simply artificial and could be banded to new conditions. The sugges- tions he offered by which the end he had in view should be reached were:— (1) The establishment of chairs in Universities for .the study of morals as applied to business. (2) A course in business colleges on the ethical demands of trade. (3) Chambers of Commerce propaganda along the same lines. (4) The development of commercial relation- ships scientifically. In conolusion, the rev, gentleman said they wanted business men to realize that they were as much called to the ministry of trade as he was to the ministry of preaching. He formally moved a resolution embodying the above proposals. Mr. W. H. SlintaßlTllN '(Secretary for Scotland) seconded. Mr. W. NuaisTrVGALE (Normanton) speaking in his usual vigorous and earnest way, contended that if business were a more matter of money making, the metallic spirit cursed a man and the best would not come nui; of him. Collectivism, the common good, the altruistic principle, would revolutionise the world. He was a believer in the Gospel and in true preaching, but when one considered the vast amount of oppression' misery and avarice, selfishness and devilishaess which was rampant to-day, one wondered whether the preach- ing of the trowel had pot so far been a failure. They could not trust human nature. They could not trust each other, or why have any l tws ? Society was bound to protect itself for -the common good. The curse of England was not the lack of tariff reform, but the lack of common sense in the management of ifs business. Socialists declared : " Give us a chance, and if there is any good in human nature we will get it out of them." They could not get good under the present competitive system. It was wicked and evil. Mr. J. Ileums (President of the Loon Government Board) contended that a modification and re-organiza- tion of our industrial system would be necessary before ' the priuciples enuueiated by the Rev. Harvey Cook could be pet into practice. Mr. W. KILDUFF (Dublin Harbour) said Christianity I was the only anti-dote and no solution would be of any value unless it wore animated by the Christian spirit. He was struck with the great intentions of the Socialists, but he asked them to abolish one plank in their platform—secular education—because it was increasingly necessary that the truths of Christianity should be inculcated in the rising generation. Mr. S. WFUGHT (Derby) declared that he had to a very great extent lost all confidence in man. He characterised the Limited Liability Act as the greatest curse which ever came into the country, for it had enabled capitalists to combine and crush out the small man. He did not consider the Rev. Harvey Cook's

proposal.; were practicable. Mr. W. CHRIME3 (S. Birmingham) agroal that the introduction of limited liability companies had had a great deal to do with increasing severe competition. The Idea that there should be no legal penalties was absurd, because we had to deal with human nature as it is, and not as it might be or should be. It was a fallacy to think that cheapness was generally a benefit and that idea lay at the root of unreasonable competi- tion. Mr. Chrimes' suggestion that the proposals of tariff reform were directed to scientific trading was greeted with great laughter, and caused the hon. member to protest against "the school- girl tittering and giggling " with which references to tariff reform were received. A large number of mem- bers of the House appeared to know as much about tariff reform as they did about the transit of Venus. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Carimes pointed to Germ my as a nation which adjusted its trading relations scientifi- cally. (A Nationalist : They have tried about fifty times and have not got it right yet). That was entirely beside the mark. (Laughter.) Mr. Chrimes gave the Rev. Harvey Cook credit for all sincerity and a desire to improve matters, but he thought the House had a right to expect practical proposals, which they had not got in this case. Mr. W. H. SIIRREURN (secretary for Scotland) said the Rev. Harvey Cook's conclusions were such as could only have been come to by any Christian minister who was true to his Christianity. He went all the way with the rev, gentleman in the ballet that in industry they should do everything from the highest motives and for the love of the work. They must come to first principles and apply them to the industrial world. Labour, he maintained, should have its full share of the profits. Mr. W. J. WALKER (Stafford) said no true capitalist believed in under-paying his men, because he knew that under-paid labour was the worst he could have. The honest capitalist, the man who put his money Into a business and worked, was entitled to that which lais business made. The competitive principle was indispensable in human nature and he maintained that the canker which was eating at the heart of our industrial system was not competition or the fact that

===== 0002601_19081024_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 24, 1908.

the master wanted to grind men down, but the drinking and gambling habits of the people. They must organise Ito crush out those curses. The true and honest capitalist encouraged and stimulated the brain power ' and industry of his employees. What was more nnhuman than the average co-operative society which crushed out the small trader? (A voice: What about trusts ?) Co-operative societies were trusts. He suggested that the co-operative societies and trade I unions with their millions of funds should combine to compete with the capitalists and they would have a perfect right to all they could get. Mr. J. FAinctotam (Bacup) said that if they revised the company laws they would get a little business i morality. He would like to see the glorious millennium ; appear, but he failed to see that the Rev. Harvey Cook advanced any practical method. The Rev. HARVEY COOK in reply said they must move lin a larger and better atmosphere. They trusted each other individually but they had not learnt collective I trust. If they were going to make better social con- ditions and humanise competition, it would not be by I saying they could not trust men but by working for the I millennium. He admitted he di cl not make practical , I suggestions. It was for the men of the world to do that. He held up the ideal. ' I The resolution was put to the meeting and declared carried without a division. Next Thursday Mr. JOHNSTONE (Dumfries) will intro- duce a resolution in favour of the establishment of Civic Leagues of Help.

forwards. (The chosen thirteen can be relied upon to try all the time.) I have only one suggestion to make, and that is that Brooks and Landor change places. The latter cannot play a centre game and Brooks can.

If Warrington people were surprised at the way Wigan won at Warringt on, they were staggered when they heard that the " A " team ha i won at Wigan. It was an awful shock for the Central Park crowd. They were leading by 2 tries to 1, five minutes from time when Warrington got a penalty. Jordan punted high and the forwards rushed the ball over, Hewitt scoring for Daintith to goal. Then the whistle Bounded, and the band played!

The "A "team to meet Broughton Rangers " A " team contains two welcome players in S. Lees and Matt Lambert. The team is :—Mc Intyre, full back ; Oakes, Lees, Cartwright and Jordan, threequarters ; Kay and Lambert, half-backs ; Harmer, Fairhurst, Holbrook, Bradshaw, Harrison and Swift forwards.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. MALDWYN HUGHES AT BOLD-STREET.

Address on " Progress."

In connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Bible Class League a public meeting was held last Thursday evening, in Bold-street Church, when a good number present listened to an eloquent address on" Progress " by the Rev. H. Maldwyn Hughes, 8.A., 8.D., of Liver- pool.—The Chairman (Mr. C. B. Parker) was supported by Mr. J. C. Holland (president of the League), Rev. Thomas Miller, Mr. J. Upson and Mr. J. Maile.—Mrs. A. Booth rendered "I know that my Redeemer liveth " to the satisfaction of all.. _ _

Mr. C. E. PARKER said heves pleased to be a leader of a class that formed the Eeagne. The League had great possibilities—not only possibilities of doing useful work to those who were associated with it, but to other people in the town. Ho was interested in the subject Mr. Hughes was going to speak about—progress. In thinking of it one was impressed by the wonderful progress made during modern time. The progress they had made was not of an equal character. Perhaps the most striking development in material things were inventions, manufactures, and in harnessing forces for work in various ways. Those things that had made the progress should have lightened the toil of man, but had not done so, as they might have expected. They might have reasonably expected, that if it had not enabled them all to be lifted up to a state of luxury, it would—at any rate—have lifted everyone of them out of a state of want. It had undoubtedly made the burden of getting the daily bread easier, but to the bulk of the poorer classes it had left them poorer in , power, and poorer physically and mentally, and their I advantage to progress was little better, if any better, than it was before the development began. It was a problem which had to be solved and which concerned the race and the heart of all those who loved their country and kind. (Applause.) The Rev. H. MALDWYN HUGHES' in rising to give his address on " Progress " said he was specially. glad to be associated for an evening with his old friend Mr. Miller. They were at college together and spent a very happy time. He rejoiced to know of the good work that he was doing among them. Were their Bible classes doing any good ? Was the church doing any good ? Was anything doing any good? Was tke world getting any better ? he asked, or were they ploughing the sands ? after All the efforts that had been put forth by the Church of Jesus Christ in all its branches, after the toil and sacrifice and the pouring out of money what was the result ? Was the world any better after all their efforts? There were some who were inclined to think that the hope of progress was a delusion. In the middle of last century there was a great hope. Then hopes were being born. It was a time when great advance was made in science—greater in the last century than in all the centuries gone before. Cries of hope were in the air and there was a great popular movement. Large extensions of the franchise were made and in every direction there was activity. There was legislative activity, and laws of a beneficent character were written on they Statute Book and man began to think that the golden age was about to dawn, To-day men were disappointed. There was no disguising the fact that their hopes had not been realised. The discoveries of science and the invention of labour saving machinery had proved in reality to be man saving machinery. Last century saw the great depopulation ot the villages, ' when people rushed to the towns, with the result of an increase in slums &c. They learned the secret of pro- ducing wealth, but they never learned the secret of distributing it. (Hear, hear.) The country was never richer than it was to-day and yet there appeared to be more unemployed. They ought to rejoice that the Government were doing something to deal with the question. (Hear hear.) " The " Daily News " suggested that morning that if there was to be any improvement they must abolish child labour and the half-time system. It was this sort of thing that was weakening the national character. Legislation had not done all that it was hoped it would do. The Houses of Parliament had not had the time to pass all the laws for which people were claret:miring. There never was a time when the struggle for life was so keen and the extremes of poverty and wealth so manifest. Mr. Bryce's conclusions amounted practically to this "That the hope of progress is a delusion and that the golden age was in the past. First of all there came a period of advancement then one of retrogression and then came another and so on for endless ages ' • and man could do little to force his way, and the mist which surrounded him at the beginning of the voyage was there still." All Mr. Hughes could say to that was, if it were true then Christianity was the biggest failure the world had ever seen. If ever Christianity did one thing more than another, it was to assure them that the best days were in front of them and not behind them, and the golden agehad yet to come. What was the truth of -matter ? Was Mr. Bryce or Christianity right? If they were to answer that they must have some test of progress. Of course, men might try different tests. They might apply the test of advance in science, of wealth, and of industries. They might claim as a sign of progress of a nation that it possesses the largest steamships that cross the Atlantic. Ha believed that advance in every direction was practically through the operation of the Spirit of God. The test Christianity must apply was this: Is the individual, the nation and the race conforming itself to the will of God ? That was the test they must apply as well as history. They would fled that it. was a test of progress. The decline of other nations was because other people, stronger than they, arose and beat them. They were overthrown from within as wall as by the enemy. Were they as a nation. or as a race, becoming conformable to the will of God, or were they antagonistic to the Divine will ? He believed there had not been a time in the history of I the world when the Spirit of God was so manifest as at I present in human affairs. It was the same in national and municipal affairs. He did not think that in the whole course of the history of Parliament—not even excepting the time of Cromwell's ascendancy— there had ever been a House of Commons so anxious to embody in legislation the will of God as the present House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) He was one of those who could see the guidance of God in the great labour movement. He was referring to that greai; movement of the majority of the masses. It was a time to rejoice when they saw people moving away from sport and drink to justice and social emanci- pation. (Applause.) That great movement needed Christianity. H 9 knew there were some who said it did not, but there ware also some who kne v they could not get on without it. How could they stead by while that great movement of the people was taking place. (Applause.) He believed that great movement was linked to Christianity. Referring to the fault of the Church, the rev. gentleman pointed out that it was not through motive or intention, but through ignorance ; the men in the church peered out money into the central missions and for othergood objects. Ire believed in progress because he believed in the individual heart. If every symptom and sign were against him he should still believe it, and that Jesus Christ had the power to shake off the sin that bound the world.So long as they were ready to die for the Kingdom of Heaven, the Church would be immortal in the life of the nation. (Applause.) Oa the proposition of Mr. Hord, IND, seconded by Mr. Ueses, votes of thanks were accorded to Mr. Hughes, the Chairman, Mr. F. Hick uan (organist), and Mrs. Booth.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
All Saints' Mission.

The harvest thanksgiving services were commenced at this mission on Thursday evening when a large congregation assembled. The tasteful decoration of the room with the usual harvest products reflected great credit upon the workers.. The service was conducted by the Rev. W. Bracecamp (vicar) and the Rev. J. H. Bankes (curate-in- charge). The preacher was the Rev. J. Fl. Garnett, curate of St. Peter's, Warrington, who based a most interesting sermon on the words "They joy before Thee according to the joy in harvest." The musical portions of the service were creditably rendered by the choir, assisted by members of the St. Barnabas' Musical Society under the conductorship of Mr. H. J. Iddon. Mr. %V. P. James was at the organ. Stainer's anthem " Ye shall dwell in the land," was well inter- preted, the soloists being Miss Bennett (soprano) and Mr. Walter Wright (bass) In the Nunc Dimmitis, which was sung to Simper's setting in D, the bass solo was taken by Mr. Harry Nurse.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

" By Ovalist."

When you are well beaten it is just as well to admit the fact and save further trouble. Warrington were certainly well beaten on Saturday by Wigan, and the only consolation is that the blow was not unexpected. Just now, Wigan are at the height of their fame and prowess, while Warrington, who have a much more honourable record of deeds accomplished, are passing through dark days. The process of team-building takes time, but with a substantial basis to go upon it should not be long before Warrington can hold up their heads again in the best company.

Wigan have undoubtedly got a remarkable side together after some years of lavish expenditure. The display they gave on Saturday was one of the finest seen on the Wilderspool ground for years, and the ease with which the locals were outmanoeuvred recalled the visit of Hull Kingston Rovers, when the latter were a power in the land under the leadership of Sammy Morfitt and Anthony Starks. It is possible that the Wiganers played a hit above their form— certainly one man did—but at any rate they have got one of the best teams in the country and they aro a long way ahead of Warrington. It is not long since Warrington had things pretty well all their own way with Wigan and they will probably "come again." Every dog has his day, you know. Just now Wigan are top dog.

The influence of the New Zealanders, rodd and Johnston, was plainly discernable in the play of the Wigan men. They have adopted "All Black" tactics very largely and brought the art of combination to the pitch of perfection. Todd himself has a lot to do with the effectiveness of the third line, while Johnston makes a magnificent leader (.1 the front rank. There is no doubt that Wigm are playing the KU.. game as it should be played, and all that remains for Warring- ton is to secure men with the necessary speed and resource and follow suit. On Saturday they "revoked" every time passing was attempted.

It is not long since Warrington would not have taken second place to any team in the brillihnce of their combined back-play, but the side is at present disorganised. On Saturday, the absence of Dickenson and the want of fitness of Taylor had much to do with the weakness of the third line both on attack and defence. The mings were really better than the centres, though they had little enough opportunity for Alining. It is at three-quarter where Warrington are weakest. None of the men are fast enough—none of them are as fast as they used to be—and until new blood is introduced here there will not be much improvement in general play and match-winning effectiveness. The position is critical, and the required backs must be obtained if the Club has to pledge its credit for the purpose. Enterprise is the only true economy at present, for with a poor team revenues are sure to fall. The acquisition of players who would put, the Club into a winning vein is a policy which would ultimately pay for itself. Warrington cannot afford to occupy a second-rate position. That's about the size and shape of the situation.

There was one surprising feature of Saturday's game, and that was the way the forwards were out- played. I think the club has got a good pack at last, and probably more was due to Wigan's peculiar method of packing than anything else. They were not stronger than the Warrington men but they have taken advantage of the rules to pack five down in many cases and heel out as soon as the ball is in. If another team played the same game there would be such a mix-up forward that the referee would be bound to interfere. At present he lets things go on as they are and the other side loses possession nine times out of ten. Wigan have played this scrummage trick for a couple of years now, and it is high time a determined effort was made to circumvent it. The orthodox scrummage formation will not do against the Wiganers, and I hope a little thought will be given to the subject bef ore Warrington and Wigan meet again.

It struck ma that Referea Kennedy was hardly sharp enough for the Wigan men. They did a heap of forward passing at top-speed which went undetected by the man in charge, and when the first try was scored Tilley was so plainly fouled by the scorer that the crowd could hardly credit tha fact when the point was allowed. The homa full-back was pushed off the ball when about to pick-up and the offence was obvious to all—but one !

Much interest was taken in the appearance of W. O'Neill, the Welsh International whom Warrington secured from Cardiff last week. He was, of course, strange to the rules but he gave evidence more than once of that resource and coolness which had won for him the title of the cleverest forward in Wales. O'Neill does not seem to have a robust physique, but he played the game and will, I hope, distinguish him- self ere long. Dowell, his fellow-international played a rare scrummage game, while young Boardman was always prominent. The forwards should more than hold their own in future engagements.

I was not so much impressed with the play of Brooks at the base of the scrummage as I have been when he has taken the outside-half position' and the conviction is slowly being borne upon me that he is not well-suited as a scrum-worker. With another good half to feed Jenkins, we could do with Brooks at three-quarter. Perhaps the two might change places with advantage. A point in which both were strangely lacking was in defence, and how they came to let Johnny Thomas through go often was a mystery. He played the deuce with Warrington's back division and individually gave one of the finest displays I have seen for many a long day. But he should have been checked oftener. What would George Thomas have done, think you, last Saturday?

A word of praise is duo to Landor, who did splendidly on the right wing, scored Warrington's only try, and made the two finest runs of tha day. If this young player only had more speed ho would do Warrington some excellent service. He should go in strongly for sprint-practice if he wishes to make a name for himself in N'.U. football. Tilley also came out of a trying ordeal with great credit. For a veteran he has few supariors as custodian.

Warrington's record is rather melancholy reading —two wins out of eigh t matches--and it does not seem likely to improve much before the end of November as a glance at the fixtures with show.

Tho league table up-to-data is a 3 follows : For Agst. Per P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. centage Oldham 7 7 0 0 20 26 118 6 6 30 100.00 WakeG'ldT 6 6 0 0 20 30 30 9 8 42 10000 Keighley G 5 0 1 20 28 124 5 7 31 , 91.66 . Wigan Runcorn 7 6 1 0 13 22 92 11 8 40 8371 Halifax Hunslet ll'dderstlld 9 6 3 0 20 31 132 19 19 95 66.66 Hull 10 6 4 0 23 35 161 15 19 87 6001 Leigh Ebbw Vale 8 4 3 1 12 30 114 16 23 101 56.23 Treherbert G 3 3 0 5 9 37 5 16 58 50.00 Salfori Brouglit'u R 7 3 3 1 15 14 72 11 16 76 5009 Leeds Batley Swinton Barrow 7 3 4 0 10 10 59 15 19 87 4285 Dewsbury 7 3 4 0 11 14 70 16 10 80 42'85 St. Helens 7 3 4 0 20 23 103 23 27 127 42.85 Merthyr • Barry Bradford 6 2 4 0 12 16 72 19 17 89 33.33 Warrington 8 2 5 1 17 15 79 14 18 82 3P25 Hull ICII. 6 1 4 1 15 15 75 16 19 83 2500 Widnes 7 1 5 1 6 6 30 14 13 67 2112 Mid- RYda 6 1 5 0 8 6 34 11 15 67 1666 RochdaleH 0 1 5 0 4 8 32 10 13 53 16.63 Braiey York Aberdare.— 6 0 6 0 4 5 23 27 30 162 00.00

The Warrington team to meet the Rangers at Broughton to-day will create smaething like a sensa- tion. There are changes galore, due to injuries and the suspension of players for not attending to train- ing. Dickinson (who is improving nicely), Taylor, and A. Boardman are all on the injured list, but most of the others whose names will ha missed are dropped for not training. Last week not a single first-team player turned out for practice. No wonder they were run off the earth by Wigan.

The following is the selection for to-day : Tilley, full back ; Brooks, Lululor, Daintith, and Bradshaw, three-quarters ; Lloyd and Jenkins, half hacks ; O'Neill, Dowell, Belton, Na:lor, Cheaters and Hewitt,

===== 0002601_19081024_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE AUSTRALIANS AT RUNCORN.

I saw the Australians for the first time at Runcorn on Wednesday, when they beat the locals by 9 points to 7. The result was a bit of a shock to Runcorn people who imagined that the Linnets would be the first side to beat the Kangaroos. They beat the All Blacks by 9 points to nil, the only match in which the New Zealanders failed to score throughout the tour. The present team was a bit too good for Runcorn though the latter came very near to winning in the closing stages of a toughly-contested game. The Kangaroos owed a great deal to Messenger, who has played in every match so far, and kicked his usual marvellous goal from half-way on Wednesday. I doubt whether we have ever seen his equal at place- kicking or punting.

The Kangaroos did not strike me as being as clever a side as the Yew Zealanders. There is not the same brilliant combined back play, but they will be quite as hard a side to beat though they will not score so frequently. They have a better defence, are quite as speedy, and play a more robust and dashing game. liuncorn combined far better than the Australians, but the men were outpaced and seldom made much headway in mid-field. The visitors showed that they could pass well at times, and with practice they may develop into a brilliant side. There is ample individual cleverness.

The best men on Wednesday, after Messenger,xvere Bolesyski (already nicknamed " Bottle of Whisky ") a remarkably safe and speedy full back ; Dean at half- back and Devereaux at centre. The latter is a fine srverver and should get plenty of tries. Bailey made a first appearance on the right wing but had not many decent opportunities. He was very keen to make headway and being a player of Hogg s build he took a lot of stopping. In a fine fast lot of forwards none did better than the curly-haired giant, Davies, and Tom McCabe, onceof Widnes. The latter has grown immensely and is a strapping fellow now. -- Hockey. Latchford first eleven met Weaste last Saturday at Weaste and the forwards came out of their shells by scoring six times and as the home team could only net once they were heavily defeated. The goals were scored by Spensley (3) Banks, Scott, Jones, one each. We hope this kind of thing will continue.

The Second Team beat Ashley at home 6-2 the scorers being Minards (3) Hackney, Parker, Booth, one each. The visitors goals were both very good efforts and the team is much improved,

To-day the First Eleven go to Bury with the follow- ing team :—J. Appleton, goal ; C. Plinston, T. Dixon, baJks ; D. Travis, J. B. Wilkinson, J. Albinson, halves ; F. Newell, It. Jones, H. Scott, E, Banks, W. Spellsley, forwards ; referee, Mr. W. B. Cobb.

The Second Elevens meet at Latchford, and the home team is :—W. H. Pickles, goal ; J. Wilkinson S. R. na Runey, backs ; A.Newton, A. Knight, F. 'Cofe,balves; H. Booth, C. Hackney, H. Parker, W. 11. Minards, A. Starkey, forwards ; referee, Mr. Harry Warburton. Bully-off 3 p.m.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYORALTY. Town Council—Siicts Alderman

Forshaw.

At a special meeting of the Town Council held at the Town Hall on Monday afternoon, Alderman Forshaw was asked to allow himself to be nominated for the Mayoralty of the Borough and consented. The debate was somewhat lively, criticism being forthcoming of the action of the Council in placing a number of gentlemen in a competitive position for the aloe. The deputation appointed to wait upon seven members of the Council presented their report from which it appeared that Alderman Pierpoint, Bennett and Barton had declined the position and Alderman Forshaw, Councillors Dr. Joseph and W. B. Roberts left them- selves in the hands of the Council. A letter was read from Councillor Fulton-Smith, another of the gentle- men approached, protesting against the methods adopted in making a selection. A resolution proposed by Alderman TINNION and seconded by Councillor PEMBERTON that the senior member be selected was carried with about four dissentients,after which several me nbers left the room. On the motion of Alderman TINNION, seconded by Councillor WILICINSON, it was unanimously decided that Alderman Forshaw be asked to allow himself to be nominated for the position of Mayor. The ALDERMAN consented and said that if elected be would do his utmost to uphold the dignity of the office and to discharge his duties impartially. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) for his admirable services during the past twelve months, on the proposition of Alderman BENNETT, seconded by Alderman TINNION and supported by many rnembera of the Council. All spoke most highly of Alderman Smethurst's devoted labours, Alderman Tinnion remarking that his conduct in the chair had exceeded the anticipations of the most sanguine members.

The MAvon briefly acknowledged the oompliment. Alderman FORSHAIV, the mayor-elect, is a native of Warrington and received his early education at the National Schools, Church-street, and afterwards at the Blue Coat School. After a successful career at the latter institution he entered the office of Alderman Joseph Davies and received an excellent commercial training. He was on one occasion auditing the books of Messrs. Brook and Davies, a firm of solicitors at that time carrying on business in Warrington, when Mr. W H. Brook (a former town clerk) offered him an appoint- ment which he did not accept until the expiration of four months, but in 1378 he was appointed accountant to that firm, and ultimately in 1890 became a solicitor— the first from the Blue Coat School. Alderman Forshaw is now the head of the firm of Forshaw and Forshaw, solicitors, Suez-street. A staunch churchman, ha was for many years a member of the Parish Church choir, and became tho president of the Choristers' Association a few years ago. Ho has also held the office as church warden at Holy Trinity Church. He is the president of the Blue Coat Society, having succeeded the late Alderman Davies, and a member of the Board of i\lanagernent and a Life Governor of the Warrington Infirmary. He was elected an Alderman in the place of the late Alderman John Roberts in July 1906, the voting being, for Councillor Ellison 9, for Councillor Forshaw 13. Alderman Forshaw is in his 53rd year. In 1831 he married Miss Bessie Barlow and his family consists of one son and two daughters.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LICENSING QUESTION. Tied Tenants' Interests.

Prima Minister's Important Promise. On Thursday evening a deputation of members of the iberal and Labour parties waited upon Mr. Asquith in private in his room at the House of Commons for the purpose of laying before him certain amendments in the Licensing Bill, in the interests of tied tenants. The deputation consisted of the following members : Messrs. Clement Edwards, C. H. Corbett, C. P. Allen, J. Ward, J. Rowlands, E. FL Lamb, G. Radford, C. W. Bowerman. II 11. Raphael, Richardson, J. A. Saddon, A. Mond, Sir M. Levy, and Sir Charles M‘Laren. The deputation was introduced by Mr. Clement Edwards, and other speakers were Messrs. Mood Seddon, and Ward. The two points on which they laid special emphasis were : (I) That in clause 10 an amendment should be inserted making it clear that even where a licence- holder was only a manager, and not a tenant, he should be entitled to compensation. (2) That under no circumstances should licence- holders be awarded less than one year's profits by way of compensation. The Primo Mimister said that he was in sympathy with the objects sought by the deputation, and said that the Government would insert amendments in the bill providing both for the compensation of the managers and the award of compensation to the extent of at least one year's net profits to the licence-holders. The deputation expressed the greatest satisfaction with the Premier's statements.

The directors of Lipton, Limitei, have declared an inter rim dividend for the past half year on the ordinary shares of the company at the rate of sit per cent, per annum. The directors are pleased to report that both the profit and trading show a satisfactory increase in the volume of business exceeding by half a million sterling that for the corresponding six months of 1907. The ordinary share transfers will be closed from the 26th October to the oth Noveraber, 1008 (both days inclusive).

===== 0002601_19081024_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF RR JOSEPH POTTER.

One of Warrington's best known townsmen passed away on Monday morning in the person of Mr. Joseph Potter, 5, Suez-street, who for many years had been one of the proprietors of the Royal Court Theatre, Rylands-street, and the Royal Theatre of Varieties, Scotland-road. Mr. Potter, who was 04 years of age, had been in indifferent health for several years, and the fire which occurred at the Royal Court Theatre on Christmas morning, 1006, was a great shock to him and probably hastened his end. For the past 'ten weeks be had been confined to his bed suffering from an internal complaint, his medical attendants being Dr. Fox and Dr. Fox, jun. Mr. Potter was a native of Warrington, and in his early days be was a printer. He also devoted con- siderable time to dramatic criticism, the stage always having a great interest for him, and represented the, "Era " in Warrington for about thirty years. Hisi position brought him into touch with such old-time favourites as Barry Sullivan, George Melville, T. C. King, Walter Montgomery, Charles Matthews, Madam Celeste, and other artistes. He enjoyed intimate friendship with the late Mr. Brinsley Sheridan, a leading comedian and the builder of the Theatre Royal, and it was through Mr. Potter's influence that that gentleman was induced to take up his residence in Warringtor. Mr. Potter's brother, the late Mr. Tom Potter, was at one time a prominent and successsul actor. _

The provision of various form of entertainment for the public early occupied Mr. Potter's attention. He formed Warrington's first minstrel troupe, and was himself an active member of it. Later he was associated with the late Mr. W. B. Harmston, circus proprietor, in the erection of a circus in Sankey-street on the site of the Park Bakery, and the venture met with considerable public patronage. He next engaged in theatrical enterprises with Mr. William Johnson and eventually they entered into partnership. At first they rented the old Public Hall, fitted it up for the purpose of stage plays, and engaged travelling companies. The success attending their efforts led them to go a step further and the building was purchased from the Public Hall Company. Then they amalgamated with the well-known Milton Rays, and this led to the open- ing of the Royal Court Theatre on July 28th, 1892, with a performance of " Kindred Souls,'" a great deal of money having been spent in alterations and decora- tions. The firm during the following year purchased the Theatre Royal. At the end of 1896 Mr. Johnson, having received an important appointment in Cheshire, retired from the active management of the theatres,- but resumed his connection with them last year in con sequence of Mr. Potter's declining health. The re-building of the Court Theatre, after the disastrous fire of nearly two years ago, is fresh in the minds of our readers, and it it need only be said that the theatre will now compare very favourably with any building of its size in the provinces. Quite recently, owing to Mr. Johnson's desire to retire from the theatrical business and to Mr. Potter's weak state of health, the partnership was dissolved. It was decided to put up both buildings for sale by auction. The sale took place on September 15th at the Albion Hotel, Piccadilly, Manchester. The Rylands-street house being purchased by Mr. Alderman Beecham, one of the directors of the St. Helens Theatre, and the theatre of varieties by Mr. Henry Carver, of Eccles. Mr. Potter's experience in operatic management went back to the days of Pyne and Harrison Manley and Draham, in minstrel business to Ramsey and Newcombe, I and in the circus line to Pablo, Fanque, Howes, Cushings and others. When he completed his 25th year of theatrical management in the town he was the recipient of a public testimonial which took the form of a beautifully illuminated address, tastefully framed. It expressed the appreciation of the townspeople at his efforts to promote the welfare of the community by providing an entertainment of an elevating and healthy moral tone, and added : We also desire to express our admiration of you as a man, and one whose conduct, both public and private, has been beyond reproach, and has earned approbation by all classes, and we earnestly hope that you may be long spared to enjoy the well-earned reward of your many Tears work in Warrington." The signatories on behalf of the committee were Mr. George Wright (chairman). Mr. John Lee (vice-chairman), and Mr. Fred, J. Reece (hon. secretary and treasurer.) THE FUNERAL. _ . _

_ The funeral took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Thursday, the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, vicar of Holy Trinity officiating. Amongst those present were : Mr. Saunders (cousin), Mr. Alec Saunders (cousin), Messrs. Harry H. Potter, Herbert Potter, Leopold Potter, Walter Bellian, Percy Woods (nephews), Mr. Chumbley (uncle), Mr. Stirrup (brother-in-law), Mr. Dudley Hart (Solicitor to the executors), Mr. William Johnson (theatre partner), Mr. F. J. Reece (acting. manager, Royal Court Theatre), Mr. J. Waters (acting manager Theatre Royal), Messrs. Alfred Jolley, James Lawton' George Archer, S. Newall, John Lee, Percy Coates, H. M. Burgess, J. B. Bindloss' jun., A. Richards (bioscope manager), A Croughton, S. Wallhead and C. H. Wood (Amateur Dramatic Society), Macanley, W. W. Whittle, A. H. Clive (Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society), Mr. 3. A. Westcott (repre- senting Mrs. Geo. Wright of the Royal Court Hotel), and Mr. Peers Brimmelow.

Wreaths were sent by the following :—Sister Warrington and District Bill Posting Company. Mr. and Mrs. J. Waters (Theatre Royal), Mr. F. J. Reece (Royal Court Theatre), staff and band of the Royal Court Theatre, " Guardian" Office, The Pardoes and Miss Lottiel Holland, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Willmott (Liverpool), Weisker Bros. (Liverpool), Mrs. George Wright, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bollian, Mr. S. Wakefield, Mr. and Mrs. Sander and family,directors and secretary of the Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society, Mr. and Mrs. John Gleave, old friends at the Royal Court Hotel, Warrington Dramatic Society, and Mr. A. H. Clive. _ _

. ... —... Mr. E. Connor had charge of the funeral arrangements.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY LECTURES

The Education Committee, of the Warrington Co-operative Society does a useful work in arranging interesting and instructive entertainment for the mem- bers during the winter months. The present session was successfully inaugurated on Thursday evening when Mr. 11. Hibbert, F.R.G.S., and member of he London Polytechnic Society, delivered a cinematographic lecture in the Parr Hall before a crowded audience. The subject was entitled " Picturesque Pyrenees,and Spain" and the lecture proved highly interesting. The chair was taken by Mr. T. Wadsworth (president of the Society.) Mr. Hibbert has obtained some excellent pictures during his travels in France and Spain and they con- siderably enhanced the value of the lecture. He men- tioned that it would take people three days to get to the Pyrnenees. A very interesting place was the town of Pau situated at the foot of the Prynees. Many beautiful pictures were shown of this town, including the quaint old houses, irregular in shape and yet very picturesque in appearance. Many striking moonlight effects were obtained in some of the views. The next town visited was Biarritz situated on the coast, and on the frontier line of France and Spain. Animated views of the sea water dashing up the rocks were exhibited. Leaving the sea coast the lecturer again went inland and the animated views of the mountain passes, ravines waterfalls, where nature was seen in its wildest aspect, were admirable. Many scenes in the ancient old town of Lourdes were depicted. The cathedral of Lourdes called " The Roses," presented one of the most beautiful sights imaginable. Thousands of pilgrims go .to this place yearly taking with them those stricken with disease, in order to drink the sacred waters. A series of pictures depicted the infirm people being carried to the baths, and the grounds of the Cathedral in which was a huge pile of crutches and other appliances left by the people, who had been brought to this sacred place, to be bathed and also to drink the waters, and after a few weeks' time had been able to walk to the railway station quite healed. Many miraculous cures have been wrought at the town, which doctors and physicians are unable to account for. The town of Tarbes was next visited and the audience had the opportunity of seeing a representation of a bull-fight, entirely different to the Spanish mode of bull-fighting. No weapons of any kind were used, and the bull's horns are encased in steel knobs, so as to prevent the animal from goring the toreadors. The crossing of the Pyrenees was well pictured, there being views of the customs houses where passengers' baggage is searched, to prevent any spirits, powder, etc., going into the country duty free, and after crossing these mountains the traveller found himself in the country of Spain. The lecturer observed that there was a very poor train service in Spain—in fact it is very diflifiult for a third class passenger to travel at all. The express trains travelled at the rate of about seven miles per hour, often stopping en route to pick up passengers. Many interesting views of the old Capital of Spain, , Madrid, were displayed. The old Mosques containing specimens of the old Moorish fine art were a pleasure to look upon. A Spanish bull-fight was depicted by cinematograph and the lecturer commented upon the barbarous and cruel nature of the sport. From 18 to 20 horses had been known to be slaughtered in one bull-fight. The buildings in which the fights took place were very large, seating 16,000 to 13,000 people, and many ladies attended. It was stated that the Queen of Spain would issue a decree, if the Govern- ment would allow her, prohibiting all ladies from witnessing, bull-fights. Seville, the home of the Seville orange, was next shown, and the speaker remarked that the oranges and lemons grew on the hedges there as abundantly as the wild fruit in our country. The city was also famous for its Moorish Mosques, one of which was pictured on the screen and showed the extensive work and fine art exec-11'6d by the Moors hundreds of years ago. As the lecturer remarked, the work was not done for 2s. d. but for the love of the thing. They put their whole heart into it. Views were also shown of the Royal Palace in Madrid, with the extensive court yards and grounds. The lecture concluded with a series of cinematograph views of the Franco British Exhibition. Some huumorous pictures were also shown and created great merriment. Two songs " April Morn " and" Killarney "were taste- fully rendered by Miss Marie Houghton and formed a highly popular feature of the :entertainment.

===== 0002601_19081024_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN AMBULANCE BRIGADE.

Anyone with only a slight acquaintance with the - work of Israel Zangwill, author of " Children of the Ghetto" etc., would expect i something out of the ordinary in a play from his pen. They will not be - disappointed, then, with "Merely Miry Ann," which is better known as a comedy than it was as a novel. " Merely Mary An " is a decidedly uncommon stage production, —uncommon in scene, in character, and in words. Yet, after all, it is simple enough in its , essentials. Mary Ann is a lodging-house slavey of a- particularly grimy and unsophisticated type. Only 3 musical genius could have been expected to see more in her than was revealed by her unprepossessing exterior. The genius is hard-up and full of revilings for a banal and unsympathetic world that prefers the treacly and sentimental in music to the inspira- tions of genius. Mary Ann, at least, appreciates him at his highest valuation, and he comes to , appreciate Mary Ann. Beneath her dirty print he discerns a heart of gold, and a nature as unspoiled as that of the homely, little-considered sparrow. Fate has, of course, other plans for these - two than fretting out their lives in tawdry surround- ings. The genius has just decided that he must bow to conviction, write music which will be treacly but saleable, and take Mary Ann with him to the fields and pastures from which she sprang. At this point Mary Ann inherits half-a-million from her wicked brother Tom, who had gone years before to America —synonymous with Hades to Mary Ann. She does not want the money and offers it to the genius if he will only permit her to serve him to the end. But the genius has a conscience, and does the right thing by Mary Ann. She is handed over to the care of a clergy- man in her old parish, educated, and launched into Society by the professional chaperone. For six years the ways of this odd pair lie apart. The genious becomes famous and meets his Mary Ann in the salons of the great. In the end he marries Mary Ann. This bold narrative may sound common- place, but as told by Mr. Zangwill it is full of humour and pathos. "Mary Ann, Merely" is a winsome little person despite externals, with a freshness and individuality which appeal to the onlooker of the comedy as they did to Lancelot, the v composer. She is artistically pourtrayed in Mr. ) Frohmann's Company this week by Miss Jessica / Solomon, an actress with a knowledge of character which finds a suitable outlet in the part. She makes Mary Ann all that she should be. Mr. Paul Lovett gives a clever study of Lancelot, the genius who wears long locks, strides the floor like a caged lion, has queer struggles between conscience and love and captivates the heart of Rosie, the landlady's dowdy daughter, as well as that of Mary Ann. He was just a little too frenzied at times, we thought, but there is comedy in frenzy, which we are, perhaps intended to laugh at. He was, at least, a typical genius. Peter, his friend, is a pleasing personality who could hardly have been better represented than he is by Mr. Stanley Logan • Miss Florence Radcliffe is excellent as the gushing Rosie, while Miss Violet Greville submits a perfect pmrtrayal of the voluble Cockney landlady. She was Robey-like in her make-up and gesture, and certainly provides half the fun. There is a large cast in which every part is well played, and we found "Merely Mary Ann" a very enjoyable comedy. The three acts which are performed in the lodging house are really excellent, but there was a hackneyed flavour about the last act, only relieved by the motor - mannerisms of Lord Tottenham (Mr. Herbeit Greville). NEXT, WEEK'S PROGRAMME. "MRS. PONDERBURY'S PAST."

Miss Emma Hutchison and Mr. Percy Hutchison whose management has been established for over 21 years, will on Monday next produce one of the funniest farces of the day, "Mrs. Ponderbury's Past," which ran for eight months to crowded houses at the Vaudeville Theatre, London. This makes the 33th London success produced by Ur. Percy Hutchinson, who has personally selected and rehearsed a powerful company including the clever comedian, Mr. George Mudie, in the leading part Mr. Ponderbury ; Mies Annie Stolwart, as Mrs. Ponderbury and Miss Florence Wix as Madame Modjiski. One has only to remember that the play is written by Sir Francis Burnand, the late Editor of Punch, to know that the dialogue i 9 sparkling with wit and that the play abounds with original farcical situations which cause roars of. laughter.

The annual general meeting of the Warrington CorpS of the St. John Ambulance Brigade was held at the Police Station last night week. There was a very large' attendance of members and amongst those present were Chief Surgeon J. Adams, Hon. Surgeon W. J. Collins, First Officer Williams, Sergeants Fell and Eanney and the Hon. Secretary, Mr. A. E. Spann. Chief Superin- tendent Captain Waring presided.—The Hon. Secretary submitted the annual report, which stated that the work of the past year had been of et successful character and progress had been made, go' All employers were asked to encourage their workpeople to gain a knowledge of first-aid work by joining the "*9 class which Dr. Adams had kindly promised to address, During the year first-aid had been rendered in upwards of 500 cases and, while thanking the business firms and it people of Warrington for the practical assistance hitherto given. It was suggested that a bigger sub- scription list would help the corps to carry forward a worthy cause.—The report and balance sheet were adopted, on the motion of Chief Surgeon Adams. Private W. H. James and Private T. Davies were re-elected auditors. Private T. Weston and Private A- Hankinson were elected as representatives upon the committee.—lt was decided that in future the weekly meetings of the members (for drill and practice) he' held on Wednesday night instead of on Friday night ae heretofore.—The Hon Secretary introduced the ques- tion of having a cycle squad in connection with the corps and the matter will be considered by the com- mittee.—A vote of thanks was passed to Chief Superintendent Waring for presiding, and also to the Hon. Surgeons for their presence.—lt was mentioned at the close of the meeting that the first aid class which is proposed to be held will commence on Wednesday next at elght o'clock at headquarters (the Police Station).

VISIT TO LIVERPOOL AND CREIVE.—Mr. Thornas Mon, Ocularist and Aurist (of Icon's Eye and Ear Dispensary, Leels, established 1871), will visit the Union Hotel (Parker-street, Clayton-square), Liverpool on Monday, October 28th, hours 3.20 to 8, and the Royal Hotel, Crewe on Friday, November 6th, hours 11 to I, and may be consulted on all cases of failing sight and hearing. New treatment without operation. Sufferers should avail themselves of the present oppor- tunity of consultation. Spectacles adapted for weak or defective sight. Artificial eyes supplied. Thosa unable to avail tliemselves of a personal consultation should write to Leeds for printed form of questions to answer : forwarded free. Letters to be addressed to 71,GIZE.IT GEORGE ST., Leeds.

Marriages. KAY—APPLETON.—October 13th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, John William Ray to Lucy Appleton. GARNER—PUCILL.—October 18th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barber, George Garner to Florence Beatrice Hoxworth Pucill. GLEAVE—BROWN.--OCtober 18th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barker, Henry Weave to Jane Brown.

Warrington.—Printed and published by RHIN WALKBX & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Workg• Bervsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-rood WIDNES —32, George-street, ST. Elmo's: 3, Market street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street Rolicoßal Oct' 21th, 1908.

, „ • " • • 4'.,,4";,,,te,. : , •••• •7' 44.11711t* L. 341. 4.1 • ' •.. , • • „ •

===== 0002601_19081024_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Merely Mary Ann."

MR. GEORGE MUDIE.

===== 0002601_19081024_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1

I

Se a ats booked at the Theatre from 11 to 1 daily and .I&RISH cHURC 11, WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL SALE OF WORK WILL BE HELD IN THE TAIRFIRLD SCHOOLS, MANCHESTER-ROAD, ON u —URSDAY FRIDAY & SATURDAY, NOV. 5, 6 t 7, MS. from 3 p.m. to 10 pan. each day, e profits of toe Sale will be given to the New Paroohlal "iltute, Et. George's RxtensiOn Fund, the Church- Fund, St. Clement's New Room, and Sunday THE SALE WILL BR OPENED TIIUR3DAY EY Tan lioN. ma 2. WILLIAMS, (HAISOZZAD PARE, FREICOT), ON FRIDAY, BY LADY RULTOI7 (1117t.TON Piallr, BOLTON) IT 3 P.M. &SOY DAY. t I!3TRAIIC3 :—Season Tickets, is. 61. ; Thursday, 3 4)„,`' to 0 p.m., 6.4. ; friday,3 to Iop.. 6d. ; litl,rdaY, sto ; m., 31. 13 help ot all friends is greatly desired in Furnishing ..11Stalls and attending the Sale. Willis, the Rectory ; Mrs. James G. Cralk, Green Mrs. Samuel Taylor, and Ladles conneotel with Jan will be glad to receive contributions. ReZiss Prones will welcome any help towar fs the `"bluent Stall, and Flowers, Fruit and Proluoe 4, much aseist the undertaking. TURRR WILL BR VARIOUS RITTRIZTAINSIZINT3. FREDRRIC W. WILLIS, Rector. JAMES G. ORAIK, }Churchwarden?. SAMUEL TAYLOR,

PALACE AND HIPPODROME) WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- - - - MR. FRANK MACNAGIMEN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 26rn, 1908. NAT CLIFFORD, The Nimble Favourite In old and new creations. MOE BURNETT, Comedienne. MUNROE'S BLACK AND WHITE COMEDY TEASE, Melody. Mirth. Music. HAPPY AT! WOOD, Comeilan. THREE ROYAL TEMPLES. Operatic Vocalists, Including Madam-Louie Gilbert. RAYMOND'S 810-TABLEAUX. DAN MERRETT, World's Exhibition Bass Drummer. KEITH AND MERSON in "The Heel." EFFIE WHITE, RALEIDOXOPIC and FIRE DANCER. Gallery, 3d. ; Early Door, 4d. Plc, 6d.; Early Dour, 91 Circle, Is.; Early Door, Is. 3d.

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL RINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED. FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, AC. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTOV.

66 lur IVIAGBEL" 'RAZORS atRE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SIDIFFIEL MAK% WARRANTHD, POHT FREH Is. 6d., 3i., 4s. 6n., AND_. 6n J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LAHR, LIVHRPOOL. Made And Ground By Muglish Labour. Local Agent: 3. HINISWORTH, Market Hall. Warrington

pALLCIL AND lIIPPODRUND WARRINGTON. THE FIRST OF A SERIES OF GRAND SACRED CONCERTS WILL BE HELD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCT. 25TH, UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE AMALGAMATED MUSICIANS' UNION, The PROCEEDS of the Concerts will be divided between the BENEVOLENT FUND of the above Society, and LOCAL CHARITIES. ADMISSION BY PROGRAMME Prices Circle ls. Pit 6d. Gallery 3d. Doors open at 7.45, Commence 8.0. Support Trade Unionists and the Local Charities and bring your Lady Friends.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THBIBB3T AND CHBAPBST BYER OFFBRBD TO TUB PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISI'S IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. SD., EACH • WanacesALl% By J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON.

B. CUNNINGFIAM, 189, WINWIOIC RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 1 79 BREwEIt'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Base's No. 1 Strong Ale, Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER If BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HIGU-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

OST, GOLD CURB BRIX &LILT, between Wilderacool rd. and Central Btation. CAUSEWAY AVENUE, Warrington.

WARRINGION AND DISTRICT MILK DEALERS' ASSOCIATION. A /deet lug of the above association was held on October 2146, 1918, when it was unanimously resolved that the RETAIL PRICE OF MILK BE RAISED TO 33.1 D. PER QUART, f corn NOVEMBER let. 1908, to April 30th, 1509, owing to the prlie demanded by Farmers.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; If not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGEPAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, !cc., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS,BLUCHERS.WELLING EONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAIN'S. 325, 328, and 340, Deal:agate, Manenester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No 413

WARRINGTON MUSICAL. SOCIETY. SEASON 1908-9. FIRST SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL, WARRINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12TEr, 1928. BARNETT'S "ANCIENT MARINER." AND MISCELLANEOUS SECOND PART. Arins2K9 ; Moss LILLIE WORMALD ... Soprano. MADAME AMY DRY/HURST Cuntralto. MR. JOHN BAUDSLEY MR. WILLIAM WAITE... ••• ... Bass. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA OF OVER 200 PBRF'ORISLIRS. Corrnaxon MR. F. H. CROSSLEY. Hon. Organist, Mr. W. H. PATTorr, Mus. Bac. Leader of Orchestra, Mr. R. H. PEARSON. Doors open at 7.15. Concert at 7.45 Carriages at 10.15. Ticket-holders admitted by early door at 7.0 p.m. TE1131107 BIIRSCRIPTIoIf To THE SERIES op CoNCERT3 ; Reserved Dress Beats (Body of Hall,) 10e. 61. Reserve Centre Gallery, Bs., Second Reserval Seats (Body of Hall and Reserved Side Galleries) ss. SINGLE TICKETS TO NON-SUBSCRIBERS :—Reserved Dress Seats (Body of Hall), 45., Reserves Centre Gallery, 35., Second Reserved Seats (Body of Hall) and Reserved Side Galleries, 2e. UNRESERVED SEATS :—Side Galleries (not reservel), Promenade and Back Gallery, Is., Back Seats Body of Hall (a limited number), 65. THE PLAN will be opened at Mr. R. H. PEARS° N'3 Music Warehouse, BRIDGE-STREET, to Subscribers, ON SATURDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 31st, and to the general public on the following WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4th. J. I'. REYNOLDS, W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Treas. Hon. Sec.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2it PER cniNr. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accougts repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cbeqie Book. All General Banking Business transacted. ALUANACK, WITH FELL PARTICULARS. POST FREE. O. F. RAVENeOROF T. Sacslcranir

IN VEST YOUR SAVINGS IN THE PERPETUAL INVESTMENT BUILDING SOCIETY. 34, NEW BRIDGE ST., LONDON, B.C. ESTABLISHED 67 YELLS. REALISED SHARES (210, £2O, £5O, £100) 4 per cent. SMALL DEPOSITS 3 per ceat. SPECIAL DEPOSIT 3l per cent. DEPOSITS OF £lOO FOR 12 MONTHS SEND FOR PROSPECTUS OF SUBSCRIPTION SHARES, to the Secretary, W. W. COWDY.

TRY THE MAKE NEW TONE PERFECT YOUR DIAPHRAGM the most natural reproduction yet obtained. GRAMOPHONE FOE EDISON TTPE MAciiisx, 2s. For Gramophone and Zonoptione and PERFECT, other Disc Pound Boxes,3§. Fitted free ,of charge. If Bound Box sent by post JAKE remit 3d. extra for return postage. CAN TELL JAKE GRAHAM, YOU HOW. 76, &,* 761 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPCOL.

SANITARY ALTERATIONS. P MOONEY & CO., CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONORRTS,I FLAGGING. AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOR GIOOD WORK. 21, wArtwicK ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. Tel. : 3679.

MRS. HUBI-NEWCOAIBE give 3 LESSONS in VOICE PRODUCTION, SINGING, PIANO, THEORY, THOROUGH BASS, HARMONY, COMPOSITION. Her pupils in " SENIOR SINGING" have always taken highest !narks at local centres, Trinity College, London. 24, WHITRFIELD ROM), STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON.

A CHOICE CIUARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPRCIAL SILT{ CUT CIGARRTTII9. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Vlrentan Tobacco, Bd. per oz., 2s. 61. per pb. b3x. T. 'COMM &00., • ' CIGAR MERCHANT 15, WINWICK ST., AND 65, BUTYRIIIIARISHIT ST., WAILLIIMITON. Tel. 414 Y.

pIANOFORFF, TUNING.—MeiprP. FORSYTH DR0.9., LTD., beg to intimate that one of their thoroughly experienced Tuners Visits Warrington, Frodsham biorthwich and District. Betimateg for yearly contracts or single tunings on application.-126 and 128, DEAVJGATE, Manchester.

IiSTABLIBRED 1333. MRS. ri HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33 MARKET STREET, BARLBSTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 4- per oz, OOVERLIVITH I TAILS OP ) FROM HAIR PRAWNS, PURRS/6 Pawl 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 5 BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (OAR STATION), LIVIMPOOL.

ORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PREPARED t 5 REORIVII LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Applioation to be made to the BOROUGH TRZAIURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, 'The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S e HLORODYNE, Invaluabla (Jr COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The ortgioal can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNS IS THE NAME ; is, lid., 2s. 6d., 4s. 6d. the prices. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

N ° RAISIMENS , (1911018 C U .e—LAmN C WINTER Commissions or these Assizes will be opened at Lancaster, on Thursday the 29th October. The Prosecutors, Witnesses, and Jurors, are required to be in attendance on Friday, the 30th October, at the sitting of the Court at 11 o'clock. MANCHESTER WINTER ASSIZES, 1908. The Commissions for holding these Assizes will be opened at Manchester, on Saturday, the 21st November. The Regulations for conducting the Criminal Business will be published in due time. LIVERPOOL WINTER ASSIZES, 1908. The Commissions for holding these Assizes will be opened at Liverpool, on Saturday, the sth December. The Regulations for conducting the criminal Business will be published in due time. There will be Civil Business at Manchester and Liverpool only, Bail Cases will be taken at the above Assizes. All Depositions in cases for trial, together with Recognizances and Inquisitions, must be forwarded immediately to me at Preston, otherwise the cost of them may be disallowed. HERBERT STEPHEN, Clerk of Assize. Office of Clerk of Assize, Preston. 23rd October, 1908,

(OL'IsITY BOROI7GII uF WARRINGTON— VDUOATION COMMITTEE. PROVISION OF MEALS FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN. The EDUCATION COMMIITEE propose to put into operation the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 19.:6, and they INVITE SUBSCRIPTIONS for the PUIIPO3I3 Gt FOOT) for this purpose. There are a number of children who through no fault of their own or of their parents, are.through lack of fo-ci, unt.ble to take advantage of the edwation pri.- vided,and Its Intende to mese provision for these children. Every case will be investigated by ths School Canteen Com- mittee, and care will be taken that nothing is done to under- mine parental responsibility. Subscriptions may be paid to the Director of Education, who will be pleased to give any farther information. COUNUILLOR J. FULTON-SMITH. Chairman of the Education Committee. ALDERMAN LUKE ELLISON, , Chairmen of the School Canteea Committee. Education Otlice. Sankey Street, October 20th, 1908.

EMAR KA B L E DISCOVERY.—ULCERATED LBO2.—CTIRTAIN CURE. IMPRIIVEMBNT COMMI3NOSS AT ONCH. Absolutely no failures it instructions are followed. Cures all ordinary ulcers, and boils also, but most valuable for sores on legs. No ulcer too bad or too old. Fucceeds when everything else has failed. It is worth your while to give It a trial, Prepared according to prescription of famous physician. Unclose 2s. Ed. for sample of SELBY'S CURB and Instructions to MESSRS. SELBY, 324, COLDHARUOUR LANK, LONDON, S.W.

1:41OR lIINIRDIATR DISPOSAL—New and Eecond-hand a°thing Fullness. Large Corner Premises. Excellent :took end Fixtures ; everythlog en Low nent.—AnAms, 77 Rutland id., IF.,ve.

VihNU/Nli ATLILIITIC SPORTS and TOBACCONIST Vi BUSINESS ; retiring after 15 years ; proof given ; £350 ; fixtures and stook kept fully up to date; about,El,3oo. —Flrst apply 8.J.W., 63, Riellosoni rd , Montpelier, Bristol.

FURS. FURS. FURS. W. ISODGKINSON, LTD., HAVE A MAGNIFICENT SELECTION OF FURS AT MOST MODERATE PRICES. W. HODGKINSON, LTD., BRIDGH STRHHT, WARRINGTON.

BILLIARD TABLES RE-COVERED WITH SUPERFINE WEST OF ENGLAND CLOTH (FELL Suit), .24 15 OD. WEAR LIKE LEATHER. WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. ACCESSORIES AND REPAIRS AT WHOLESALE PRICES. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION TO T SANGSTER 1, WINMARLI3I4 11 BT., . WARRINGTO 71.

ARTISTIC DESIGNS AND BEST VALUE IN - WINTER DRAPERIES.

WOOL CURTAINS, PORTIERE CURTAINS, EIDERDOWNS, BLANKETS, AND HOUSEHOLD LINENS. E. eoriT ES, 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS/ SS, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, mans Kimmi AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures , suitable for Wedding and Birthday Preaents, Sobool Prizes, &e. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY: ROUTER OH PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSEITI, and BURNE-lONIIS. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTION! OF PICTURES IN 11111,NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINOB.

GO sAI N GREEN THE SPOT SHOP TO (FISH MARKET), FOR EVERYTHING.

J. E. WARREN. 80, Bridge St., lAtarrington (Opposite the Lion Hotel). BEST BUXTON LIME direct from the Kilns. FARMERS ORDERS SPECIALLY SOLICITED. HOUSE COAL AT LOW PRICES. Telephone 541.

TEL. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). TEL. No. 123 E. POI/SHAW & SON LIMITED. ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS, MARERS OF Mersey Stmy Warrington. IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Cunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze,- Datnaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c. Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORg ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

SECOND EDITION ON SALE. THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL and SPORTS RECORD AN INVALUABLE PUBLICATION FOR ALL WARRINGTON Footballers Cricketers Runners Cyclists Swimmers Bowlers, etc. It contains the Warrington F.C. first team and "A " team fixtures, Northern League fixtures, local scoring records and facts often asked about, cup-tie chronicles (Rugby and Association), swimming, running, bowling, and cycling records, the addresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football, athletic, and sporting clubs, PORTRAITS of Alderman Tinnion J.P. (President of the Warrington Football Club), Evan Watkins (the Warrington threequarter), F. H. Shugars (forward), and E. Brookes (half back), T. Ellison, G. Ball, and G. Ball jun. (prominent bowlers), and tho Warrington Water Polo Team. The Warrington Football Annual & Sports Record IS AN INDISPENSABLE. Encyclopaedia of Local Sport. Examiner,/ Office, Bewsey Street, Warrington,

VERTICAL 51We-cylinder non-eondensing CORMS B1I:1121B, cylinder 20 inches diameter by 3 feet stroke at 80lbs.premiure may be seen at and full, particulars obtained from Ileum HICK, Ii•TtGREAVE3 & LTD., $Ol7O Iron Works, Bolton.

OFFICE FOR PATENTS 4, ST. ANN'S SQUANN, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES St SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLI.RED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT Law. PRICE 6D. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE 1.8

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS TEOUSAIID. OF LADIES HAVH DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLb, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 0 WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Ideals. Loss of Appetite,Hysterle,Palpitetion of the Heart,Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90. Is. led., 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURB. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipattott, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. 11/-. by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTO9YLLO-110.1.D, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

MONDAY, the 66th October. 1908. Sale of Valuable Cottages and Business Property at WIDNES. VIESSRS. CIINNALI & ROBERTS (of Chester) 01 will SIILL BY AUCTION at the Central Hotel, Widnes, on MONDAY, the 26th October, 1903. at 7 p.m. prompt, subject to conditions to be then produced, the following valuable Block of PII4MISBS, namely : (a) All those Four DWELLING-HOUSES, Nos. 4, 6,8 and 10, Milton-street, Widnes. (b) All that Corner HOUSR and SHOP, No. 2, Milton- street, aforesaid. In the occupation of Mr. Woolley. (a) All that YARD and WARRHOUSR (used as a marine store dealer's). No. 70, Waterloo-road, Widnes, In the occupation of W. R. Dyke. (d) All that SHOP, No. 68. Waterloo-road, aioresed, in the occupation of Mr. John Hedgcook. The tenure is Leasehold for the residue of a term of 900 years from the 25th March, 1864. subject to the yearly original ground rent of £l4 19s. The gross annual rental of the property is £lOl 14s. The premises will be offered In one lot. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Grosvenor Chambers, Chester ; J. T. Peters. Esq., Solicitor, 66, Victoria-road, Widnes ;63. Owens, Esq., Rotate Agent, 68, Victoria-road, Widnes ; or to R. BRASSRY, 9, St. John-street, Chester, Vendor's Solicitor.

Re JOHN MAGINN, Deceased. IMPORTANT TO FURNITURE DEALERS, BROKERS, AND HOUSEHOLDERS. AN OPPORTUNITY THAT MAY NRVER OCCUR AG AIN SALE BY AUCTION WITHOUT RESERVE MR. J. SOUTURRTON ihas been Instructed by THE EXORS OF THE LATE MR. JOHN MAGINN TO SELL BY AUCTION (WITHOUT RESERVE), the whole of the Stock-!n-trade of a General HOUSE FURNISHER AT THE ROYAL COURT SALEROOMS, RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON, ox MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, AND SATURDAY, 12th, 14th. and 17th OCTOBER, 1938, And following MONDAYS, WEDNESDAYS, and SATUR- D SXs until the entire Stock is cleared. The Goods were purchased for tue Deceased's umal trade and will be guaranteed perfect in every way unless otherwise described at time of sale. SALE BY AUCTION TO COMMENCE ON EACH OF THIS ABOVE DAYS AT 2 P.M. AND 7 P.M. SALE BY PRIVATE TREATY RVBRY DAY FROM 9 A.M. THE SALEROOMS ARE OPEN EVERY DAY, and the public are invite.' to call and Inspect the Stocks. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY AT r THE SALEROOMS, RYLANDS STRIMT, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT. Big profits made on Investments of El and upwards, Guarantee against loss given. Established 20 years.—Mr. JOHN DOWBON, Bushbury, Wolverhampton.

9111 H North American Asbestos Company.—On the 26th _L OClOter the Directors will advance the price of Asbestos Stock from 10 cents to 20 centr. Orders received up to that date. £2 is. 8.1. buys 100 fatly vald One Dollar Ehares. Cash in exchange for Certificate. Bankers. London City and Midland, Beckenham. London Agent, A. Oovsuus & Co., Beckenham.

MRS. DOBSON WILL GIVO LESF_ONS IN ivi. DIOUSMAKIDIG and MILLIARRY every Friday afternoor and evening at the Wimmarlegh Cato. Commenc- ing October 2nd. Terms, se. afternoon, 39. evening.

SOUTII PORT MODERN SCROOL.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOY. Languages, Science, and Com- mercial Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. Staff includes 8.A., ALSc., F.C.V., (Meier d' Academic, Ac. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER.

NIB. ERNEST WILKES, A.L,C.91., Professor of Music, Organist and Choirmaster of dt. Paul's Chureh, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTRIt- POINT, ML7SIOAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Oertificiates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practlee.—For terms ,app:y 134, LOVELY Lsozsz and LEGH ex., Warrington.

RAPID, SUCCESSFUL PREPARATION BY POST FOR ALL PROFESSIONAL PRELIMINARY EXAMINATIONS. SOLICITORS, ACCOUNTANTS, ARCHITECTS, SURVEYORS, DOCTORS, DENTISTS, CHEMISTS, VETERINARY SURGEONS. THE SYSTEM of POSTAL TUITION enables Candidates in the remotest districts to have their studies conducted by Specialists in the latest requirements. THE SCHEMES OF WORK are suited to the needs of Students at all stages of advance- ment. Write the Secretary: SKERRY'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL. For Professional Preliminary Prospectus. FREE.

• WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATII HILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, RUSTON t QUASH. Holtz CoNTORTB, CLEAN LLN EBB AND QUIE2,I CENTRAL YOB BUSINESS OB PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT II AYES RESTAURANT (KEPT Br OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STUEsr. ESTIMATES GIVES, CHOIR PARTIES, PICCICS &C.. TESTIMONIALS FP.OY Atmoer EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED BES.CAORANT IN TOWN.

LACK POO L.—H ely APAH [MONTS; With or without board. Terms moderate. Near Central station and sea.—Miss PORTER. 73, Read'. ed. BLACKFOOL.—APARTMIINTS, with or without board ; close to sea (vaomey for invalid, trained num).— MoiceLow, 18. °shortie rd . eouth Shore.

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects? If in doubt don't delay; don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test 'your eyes by the best methods known. Then, if you need them. we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCH ER & SONS Eyesight Specialists. 739 LORD STREET Estb. 184.3. LIVERPOOL

ii- . , ' • iimpow • PI `,, ._- 1 m3-111.,K . ~ -, if, . I, liocolate .E.,,hcssr i,.... \

ILD TRETEL—Top prices given for old artifiAal teeth.— ‘..J Post to YoSTER,Teeth Mfotrr,7,Grand Parade,Brighton. 100 IVORY VISITING CARDS Is.—Agents wanted; samples sent.—YRINTER, 347. Hormel, rd.. London.

r AEGIS samples. 25 care, Murtas, Upmann m Ramon, Allones, Habana 1.41., Sale 4s. Bd.. bargatn cab.— CATER, 230, Graham H., Hackney. N.B.

6 rll/1 II Best book I have ever read.' writes a married lady, and I with I bad seen it years ago.' The illustrated medical book sent post free from A. BEckarr, 11 Gastien rd., Hammersmith.

TONRY FOR YOU.—We pay highest prices for left-off 1.Y.1. Clothing of all descriptions. Send a trial parcel.— LoNDoN AND PROVINCIAL DRES3 AGENCY, 98, Stoke Newing- ton rd., London.

A NAGRIL6I3.—No office, no staff ; genuine private winner 11.- of 14 prizes, all personally solved ; limited number only evolved weekly ; li. each ; stamped envelope.—Tumen, 162, Corporation it.,. Stafford.

SPICCIAL OFFEIR.-114h-alass Winter Overcoats in all the latest patterns 255., usual price 421., patterns and simple self.measurement form free.—T. SMAIIT, 17, Gresham it., opposite G.P.0., London, ICC%

SPLR ND I D offer. Parcel of drapery goods containing 2 each blankets. sheets, table-clotbs, toilet covers, curtains 4 Towels. 1 counterpane, for 305., carriage paid, cosh with order, money returned if unsatisfactory.—Wincia, Upping- m , Rutland.

ALL Wool, double width, Venetian clotb.—Black, navy, brown, moss, seven yards, us., carriage paid. Money returned It not approvel. —DETNSFORD MANUFACTURING Co, 35 Friday et., London, F.U.

4/ 6$ PAZ HT 11114',; t asdft ;17 leteatin ; g ;3113.3-x s designse d Pad lo In cue, bargain 4e . 6d ; make handtome present,— Q. BROoKES 4, Station Parade, Norbury, S.W.

r ADDIS. are you Seeking Bargains ? —Fine yarn black I.r Cashmere Seamless Stockings. shaped leg, spliced heel and toe. Sample pair on approval is. 3d., carriage paid ; ribbed same price; retailed at ls. Sol.—Lcdalik, Wellington rd. South, Humslow.

-VISEI DIRECT FROM bEA.—Superb quality, ready for 12 cooking, sample basket 41bs. ls. 6d. carriage paid ; wonderful value, special quotations for larger quantities on application.—Send P.O. Dept. 8, Unizn litscinost Flea SUPPLY APSOCUTION, Grimsby Docks.

IT. SAVE YOU 41t. on every pair of my Celebrated Box-Calf Boots. Ladies' or Gents', Ets. 6d. pair, carriage paid; every pair guaranteed; money returned if not satialied.—C. °OLDS- WORTHY, 73, Southwark Park rd., Loodao.

Vi'IrATCHES —Sample, brand new. Gentlemens' 2e. 6d., 3e. 6d. and 51. 6d. Ladies', 3e. 61. and 41. 6d. Postage 3d. extra. cash prices. Cross P.0.0.-B.A. AGENCIES, 11. King et , Guildhall, London.

ilLlßßlin GOODS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances half usual prices • valuable Infor- mation and Illustrated list free ; four splendid samples le., or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth 56.)—W. B. DORBAN & Co., Manufacturers, Hobson rd., West Norwood, London.

DARGAINS for Ladles I—Write to-lay for Mortimer's LP compact Illustrated Bargain Catalogue of Ladles' and 4ents' goods. Not an elaborate book, but one which will love you pounds. Sent post free.—MORTINIEBA, Mall Order Specialists, Outfitters and Furnishers. 262, 264, 266, 268, South rd., Sheffield, Hog.

1 ADAM ROE lILLE'd Famous Toilet Bpe lialities.— .01 • Glorlo ' quickly produces long, luxuriant eyelashes, ; Rose Bloom, a harmless, natural, liquid rouge ; 'Veluto.' a pure, adhesive toilet powder ;• Anti-Tartar ' makes teeth beautifully white, removing all discolouration ; 71 each. post free (privately), 4 for is. 91.-80, STAPLETON ED.. Tooting, London.

Lb SLIM INFORMATION of an exceptional character Imparted to Sportsmen on Mutual Terms only. Wired last week.—Casa Blanca. 7 to 1 • Maya,s to 1 ; Green Ribbon etO 1; Carnforth, 2to 1 ; Barcibaata. 5 to 4. All won. 121 points up on level stake. Two special' run at Alexandra Park on Saturday. Pay reply and promlse odds to Cs. or write for particulars.—Commox, 27, Pith it, Hill, London.

SAVII MONEY.—Black or blue Vicuna trousers to measure, 41. 114. (es. 6d. elsewhere.) Send for patterns.— WALKER, 216. New John it., West. Birmingham.

PIANO.-PINII, NEM UPRIGHT GRAND ; rich tone; iron frame, latest improvements ; cost 30 guiness ; take 17 guiness ; cash wante.P-1, LOWER DALLAM LANE, Warrington.

OHEAP CLOTHS.—The chance of a lifetime. Manu- facturers' Stock of High-class cuttings. at glying away prices to cifar. Patterns Free.—Tak CLOTH 114.kr, 170 Chester rd., Sunderland.

Vt7ATOIIIiB SAMPLid : BRAND NH W. —Gentlemen's, V V 3s. 6d , 5,. 6d. and 7s. 6d.; Ladles', 4s. 6d. and 6s. 6d., postage 3d. extra. Cash prices.—Oross 2.0.0. .S.A.. Aosacus, 11, Klng-atreet, Guildhall, London.

CONFECTIONtiftY BOOK.—How to make everything, from Biscuit to Bridecake (178 Recipes). Full instruc tions with free supplement, Post Free 4d.-11188 DORIS RILEY, Confectioner, Harold et , Burnley.

370 ARUM:Q.—No reasonable offer refused. Ladles' Trousseaux, wedding presents. All quite new ; do beautifully for Xmas Preients. List from LENLOC, Westbury Villa, Albert re„ Bnekhurst Rill, Hasex,

V }IMITABLE DOWN for Cushions, li. per lb.: over 4 lb. V at 10d. Warranted Pure billtpuff,B lb. for ls. Bd.; all carriage paid ; reduction for quantities ; samples and price- lists from CHIPMAN'S BEDDING MANUFACTORY, Bristol.

GLISTENING 'PERTH obtaided by using Cyn-menth'ne. the new tooth powder. Refreshing and antiseptic. Contains no carbolic or other corrosive acid. Post free 7d. and Is. ld.—D. CLAIM, 12 Richmond rd„ Bayswater, London,W.

SHOPPING BY POST.—Very stylish skirts in black and navy cloth, 2P to 25 waist. 33, 38, 40. 42 long. Good tailor-made style—plain with stitching. Postal Order fo• Bs. 6d. carriage tree to any address.—Write FORBES, 4, Lang- dale rd., Greenwich, S.P.

CHINA, HARTHHNWAHH. SHOONDS, every description Bazaars, shlps, market : cbeap lots. See beginner's crate, free tesset ; tremendous variety. Also Hawker's large bulk Crates, about 1,00) artielee, 38s. • 6d. Cheapest in trade. Lists tree.—Aarnos J. Eltaz, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

(IRISH RVXL (7oluntary or Involuntary).—Our treatment Invartsioly successful.—Our ESUASANTISS, money. refunded if no cure. For short time only. HALF USUAL OHANOSS.—Send full details of cave, and only 24. 6th for week's treatment, to SECRETARY. Andersonian:lnstitute, 148, Old it.. London, ILO.

T OURNALISId AND ART.—Thoronah Individual Tuition SY In all branches at School of Journalism and Secretarial Training for Women, 40, Sackville at., W. Under the patronage of Baroness de Bertouch, Helen Mather', ' Madge Of ' Truth,' Mn. I'. P. O'Connor.—Principal, EDITRE-3 of Home Life,' ac. Tuition by correspondence if desired. MSS revised, criticised, and typed.

TIURNISHING GOOO3 FOR CA.9ll.—Oarriage paid, 12 25 to 50 per cent. cheaper than Hire-Purchase Houses. Full-size Bedstead, 2 inch pillows brass mounted, 29A. lid.; all brats, 458 6d. Single size, with wire mattress, Ils. 9d. Full-size Wire Mattress, 3-ply. raised sides, 123. 11d. Japanese Rugs, 30160, 2s. 3d,; 36173, 3s. 3d. Large Goat- skin Rugs, 63. lld. Best Cloth Rugs, 30550, 51. 9.1. Uphol- stered Wicker Chair., 51. 11d, Woven washable Blinds to order, from Is. 3d, fringed or insertion and lace. Bend for catalogue of hundreds of other bargains.—CHAPMAN'S FURNISHING STORES AND BEDDING MANUFACTORY. Bristol.

CIVIL SERVANT and Wife with to adopt bright healthy MEL about ten years old ; orphan preferred ; small premium ' • mutual referenoes.-23, SCARIBBIIIME PEW RD., Southport.

A GENTS.—We want smart men who are anxious to make /A money, unlimited scope, genuine of! ar ; send Is. 6d. samp'es, Usu.—Tun WROLIVEIALE SUPPLY Co., 216, Essex rd.. London, N.

Li ERB'S A CHANCE FOR lOU I £lO3-2350 a IA Sanitary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor.—Postal Course Lessons for Liverpool Examination now commencing, 40 successes.--IduenExa. Sanitary Expert. Sunderland.

IDOULTRIZ FARlslllBB.—Highest prices obtainable paid 1 for Live fat Henr, Ducks, Geese, Large Chickens. Sales, Cash promr t. Bankers, London City and Midland, White- chapel Brancb.—M. Tirmorre,l3 Cobb et..Spitalfields, London.

A TLANTIO LlNERS.—Persons deldrods of becoming Li stewards, stewardesses, bailers. butchers, pantrymen. engineers, stokers, trimmers, etc., forward sddreseed envelope for particulars.—wm. Bassxgr.r., 14, Math= rd., Blrkdale,Bouthport.

ADD TO YOUR INCOMR.—Profitable Employment: journalism, proof-correcting, &0., taught by post; 'mall fee. Researches and every kind of literary work undertaken. Flret-31age opportunltles.—LMOGATE PRESS BUREAU, 16, Elm Grove, Peckham, London, ki.E.

TrNACKBRS I KB &OKBRS I I KNELOKBIIS !I I Best .136. possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miIes—JAMES TOOLE AND SONS LTD., Manure Manu- facturers Longford Works, Warrington. 'Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

AYOUNG English Gentleman, 26, single, well educated, cf good family and address, possessing a London com- mercial experience, knowledge of secretarial duties, moving in society circles, conversant with all kinds of sports, pastimes, dc., seeks an appointment with a gentleman (bachelor preferreC)sa Companion or Secretary. No objection to traveling.—Write in first instance, Box 6026, do SUaßkOw /c fILLTOII2II, Holborn 1" hoe, London, W.Q.

ON BADS a Brown PONY MANS, three ye srs old, 13i hands high, by a noted Cob, good in all harness, splendid mover and gulet.—Apply B. Sauxha, Dingle, Haslington, Crewe.

Zig Orairtitter *eats THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER s published every Saturday morning. The princinal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &e., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and ?did-Cheshire. rrl4ll RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday I. morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. TtlE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every saturday morning. Widnes contain: the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. 'IIIIEI BAALBSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-is- Willows, Golborne, Elaydock, Lowton, Ac. The district thus comprised is a.most important part of the Lancashire coal fields rpm' ST. HELENS EX /MIN htt, published every I. Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley Cross, &o.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pREPAID A DYERTISESONTS 'APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks, Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Os. 6d. Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. led. ... 38. Od. ... 6s. Od. 36 ... Is. 21. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 64. Od. 45 Is. 3d. ... 31. 15. ... ss. Od. 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. 85. ... 61. Od. lON. Od.

THE EXAMINER. OCTOBER 240, 1908.

e"7-• : 17•7••',:.'-::i.i.4.;;;;i4VS - • •, ..; ;illo::,j;ii4iiftt•ra'27E.,eflie'rk,:,ii',Uk 4k141,4•1 ;f, siV4'.' * ''' '‘..',1:5•1 •.:-.:4- k114.•,,,t4 ',,',)46.:. ' i:Af•ll.7v4:lkAtt4tiai, ..' igi .piiiiMf:;•,' ~" ,•V•7.-Z,l ';: 5.,',Pi!?5•1.. :i;':,1;:.P.441.,:•: eri::.;- • :i.fik ,i::i!!:t•';' , t ::.I.igiiik OiNIMN ~,,•-'%, 1 •:!.;':!...,;,1,,ii) ..''' ;::.: ....„:;1„ ‘. ••••.•.:.::.;i. ,_ ___ ..-4.,A'iii!ikikil ,ii4i,i,"."' !,..Ai?,- , -^*/0;.• p ' 1111111 ' it4'; if 7tOgil lip,. • ..44,! :; .0./ .„

SUGAR TAX.: 61=7,Zi2:31=1:11==•11111111111111111951111M23111=41151 N consequence of the reduction, we have restored our packets of ,BUTTER-SCOTCH to the size they were before the Tax was imposed, namely: 15 Tablets In the 6d. Packets. The Confectioners are now supplied. ,CALLARD & BOWSER.

scored through a mistake of the opposing right back, and this seemed to upset the team altogether. At no point of the game after this did they play up to their reputation, and only for erratic shooting would have lost by a much larger score. St. Mary's, last year's champions, are but a shadow of their former selves, and were well trounced by Wycliffe. Whitfield played well for the winners.

1 THE TIME LIMIT. Dialogue. at Southport Police Court on Monday morning, between Mr. S. Brighouse and a working wan Witness : When you see a crowd of men near a public-house at 12.25 on Sunday, do you know what they are doing ? yes; waiting for opening time. , At 12-25, anticipation ; at 12.31; realisation 2—Yes. Earlier Mr. Brighouse bad declared: "Sometimes your anticipations are not realised in this world. lam a standing example to it myself." But he was not then referring to public-houses. . • .•••••. , ft-F\tlx:Wrc./ Vv., ',--2,V• ,IV '4.*?"- k', '''''. 44- ........ L.y. nrrek.e,-.! a - ~,,.. .. k.`121,),1.111'...*•-.4"..,

Al. ray Ache or Pahl whether arising from an ex- cited nerve, stiff joints or contracted muscles, can immediately be dispelled by the wonderful powers of 3 .1- ... alr i THE PROMPT PAIN-KILLER. Read this striking testimonial for evidence of , what Sloan's will do:— Mr. Harold Duckworth. Stiff and Musolow Joints 183 London Road, Black- . burn, vrrites :—'' I am sending for two bottles of Dr. Sloan's Lini- ment, which I have proved to be of the greatest value in cases of stiffness of the joints and muscles and also for colds. Friends who have tried Dr. Sloan's Liniment on my recommends- don pronounce it a really splendid remedy, a verdict I have great pleasure in endorsing. You can make whatever use you like of the above, as it is the best Liniment I have ever used." SLOAN'S LINIMENT:, never fails to relieve pain in any part of the body. It requires no rubbing, being so penetrating that when laid lightly on the skin, it goes right to the bone, warm- ing and soothing muscles, nerves, tissues and joints, relieving congestion and in- stantly stopping the pain. , • Sold in i/r3i bottles at all chemists. '- ner-Dr. Sloan's Emergency Book—a most useful handbook telling you how ta _.:aat ailments that bring trouble to every house- hold—sent free on application. Whalen's Depot: 32 Snow Hill, London, E.C.

HORLICK'S ~,,c443:4. MALTED MILK ON INJWDEIit FORNI). THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. In 26, 2/6 and W. Dottie& (SLOUGH, SUCKS.) Nourishes—Builds UP—Strengthens.

ESREMEMBEIZ that for PRESERVING dc IMPROVING your SKIN and COMPLEXION, there is nothing to equal BEETHAIW3/ ?egg .4( 41,T Air

I It entirely removes and pravents all ROUGHNESS, REDNESS, HEAT, IRRITATION, ETC., 1 and keeps THE SION Soft, Smooth & White, ALL THE YEAR ROUND. I Bottles is., 2s. 6d. of all Chemists &S/ores. tiM. Beetharn 0 Son, Cheltenham. esuingew _thus=

GIVEN GRATIS Splendid Coloured Picture with No. 1 of

TX-IE NEW WEEICLIr. On Sale MONDAY, OCIBER 26 Order now to prevent disappointment. PAPER supwplothment ONE PENNY. •

Well Regulated fanillies are fully alive to the importance of being prepared for those troublesome attacks of Indigestion and kindred ailments common to all, and of effectively dealing with them in the early stat,oes before they have become dangerous or chronic, Well regulated families are careful to have always a sound reliable remedy immediately available, and as experience has clearly proved the undoubted superiority of Beecham's Pills as a family medicine, a box of this invaluable corrective is always kept at hand. For removing such distressing disorders as Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Liver troubles in general, and Constipation, it is ever the wisest and most satisfactory course to :lake Beecham's Pills. The remedial properties of these pills, however, are not limited to the cure of digestive troubles alone, but exercise a specific and beneficial influence upon the nervous system. Well regulated families are aware that there is no finer tonic, nor any more certain means of banishing disease from the household than may be secured by a judicious and regular use of r'•ar4. 0 • .• - • et • s= • ' • • „.?0,

(RESTVM Ga4M-to W CIPir<TZI MEE Z.nercr.ei Apllo4, 61101101T13, COUP & WHOOPING COUCH. POST PlItS 1,11 ..4f140 STAMP 1,00. FREE SAMNA. 71 NIVIOLAS LeDAIN. ERDISIOTONI. -Cirtiladaa 9aehli

r , WONDERFUL gt OFFER! . . This beautiful MAia3kE . . tikl. ~,,, 33 ~..,1-.....g.,,t,,,,,,i_.„1„1ck er,.....i. , . ,„ ~ Wrote, lined w.th Gilt, with splendid . ' 4..., II: --4" ' I.ecer Timepiece wth Si:l.<mi Dial, _ at sent Carriaga Raid to any address fcr e.apr- , ~,,). g; .., and mon .y returned if ydu are ,%.3." _4,....iatej , t net r sat:sfiel.Hutraffy worth a Guinea. '-'ll-Ir,ze ,Nnr.....A555...p Uri' to-day tn the '•. r e ' '''. '.. , , , „ 1.,-NR4. ~' 4 Phcentx Manufieturlng Co., S 4. New North Rd.. London.

ONLY 9/i— Carr. Paid.

THE NEW FRENCH ft.EMEICY. THERAPION Tussuccesstul po- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan,Jobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of blood, spots,blotches,pam & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder 8c urinary diseases, stricture, dischates, piles, gravel, painsin back, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Not. 1,2 &3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver- stockßoad,lianapstead, Loadon,&prisscipal Chemists.

DO YOU COUGH ( TAKE KEATING'S LOZENGES Tins 13e YOU WON'T COUGH

Apply for pamphlet to the ASTHMA ASTHMA CURB SYNDICATE. PG FINSBIMY PAVESCENT, Lo DON, EX.

• lietablialed 1852. TQ7eplions : 478) Central. BILLIARD AND BAGATELLE TABLES for winter evening. A large stoek of now ,ind r ocon 1- h tud LOA. 1 always on baud. Illosb ate 1 ett'al:gdo und Monthly List GI be tall-hand Tbhi ent poet frc e George Edwarda, 134 Hingsland Road, London. N.E.

READ TM! A NI(3111416 211 "" 1 Pure White Damask Tabl,cio th, f.. 11 I4vely pa.tterns, re 3 51 ins. g 19/ o soft.fiwsh /Tony Comb Quilt, .E.. 9.1 full sisie, bine, pink, heavy fringe. 1 Beantifully-monutal Stoel Tube 00, cart% umv.ro'll. oo !it paid. 6 y ds. Vicuna Fin'alk Clotb. 1 0 " D.A. width, in Brown', (4 N vv, nr- ens. Black. A

~. • WHY NOT 1 , /\,:c, , 1 1 i , /N( ,7//, J• Buy your Boots ..,-/ \ ' 11H.,rnp., DIRECT FROM cr.----------.:0-)Ac,,:,-,,,-...,--=-----)1•73 THE FACTORY K.. gr-7---Y-C.....X.7 zat first cost, and •`;',.--Ziivs\ -,.. thus save shop A proteAra wit Iwing -. 4.4' • ff ;5W . you oue of our I.v.ldn- di.ily illostrat,2.l Cata- logues with fit!! rart cu- hrs. We guarantee every Boot Solid Leather throughout. To enable us to add your name to our list (.1 Itegul r Customer., Try a pair of our Sul erior Box Cat or Ci.r.),..e 13.-rry's, with sp:xially 5.:,.1..,eted Water- proof Soles f .r Wet Weather. Pr:o 313,6, post free. WOODWARD'S DIRECT BOOT SUPPLY Co., RUSH OEN, NORTHAMPTON.

PROM WAREHOUSE TO WEARER—DIRECT. Long Coat —splendid quality strips frieze double.breasted front, swing back with belt, shaped gauntitt cuffs, hip pockets and tab, vent at bock, RiV7,B, slender, malt, full, and outsize women, lengths AO, 52,51,5610.8 its. Colour light brown , moss g refits, royal end navy blue. My special po ice for this n n post sound, bardwcari•ig Paletot is J. ‘,./ / 4.7 free Dress Infrt, very smart,E cyan poreiVic ur a Cloth; orerlaid reams; invertkl plentst back ; rows of stitching at foot; tr.inmed buttons of same material. In black, nay, brown, royal, dt green. Also in Tweeds in mid .t dsi lc preen and brown mixtures. Lengths i 6, 38. 40, 42 ins. • waists 23 to i 7 in*. A corn- / pact binalion of quaty, style & value. V/ Cj free RZMEIII DEE that money is returned in full if goods are not approved. Orders for these garments will be executed in strict rotation. McDOHALD'S Regent St., WAREHOUSE. Rugby.

MERRYWEATRE R ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

SERVICE COLLEGE FOR CIVIL SERVICE APPOINTMENTS. Prineipal : J. T. MIDLANE, M.A. (Cantab), Formerly of King's College, London. Oral Clauses: Kean Street, Aldwych, W.C. Correspondence: Medina, Purley, Surrey. Write for Prospectus to Principal, Medina, Purley, Surrey. BRASS NAME riIIITES AT LAST a patPrit Filling for the Irtttri ht, been found which cannot come out, melt, or crack. You knout the trouble wth the o:d style plate. Then avoid it by o..dcring from SENIOR, ENORATKR, STOCKPORT. THEY'RE EVERLASTING.

Copied from any photograph (carte or cabinet), beautifully finished and mounted on, superior cards. Original returned uninjured. Terms strictly cash with order. W. MARSHALL, 4 Duke Street, Caring Cross, London, W.C.
