===== 0002601_19080822_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
'POLAND', sAILiNGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. 'tot:: PRINCESS LOUISE" OR OTHER STEADIER. LIVIIRPOOL From GLASGOW eat ce Hock.) (Berths No. 22-28,North Side) 22nd 7 p.m. Tues. Aug 26th 2 p.m. *10,30 p.m. 27th 10 p.m. Sat. Aug. 29th 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. Ist 1 pan. Thurs.Sept. 3rd 2 p.m. *7.10 p.m. lipeefein from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). uit ;I reduced through tickets from Warriogton,Widnes Ac. Atse",;`* Lit C!ass and Cabin lls. 6d. ; Single, 3rd Class and `1431n12,61. Return (valid for two months) lit Class and Return Class and Cabin, 17s. ti,a-ci":4l 14 days Excursion Tickets ; Cabin 141., Steerage 14 LANGLANDS AND SONS, at: °ROSS STREET, MANCHESTER, °w7A.:3 BUILDINGS, BILOHANCIE, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No 16110

_

===== 0002601_19080822_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Telephone 514.

r • 4q• •

Vartticrsbipss, 35u5tnt001.

IJr...ACI<POOL.-I.arge Shop and Warehouse Premises for _Li lal e: —Apply 0 REENITOCD, 30 Park rd., Blackpool.

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business P—H so,consult Mr. COADELL, Business Agent. Legh at., Warrington.

D1i1711,10. ROOMS and Ornfeetinners ; goal ; low rent; main road. Death cause-181, GERSTELL an., Hulme, Manchester.

HIGH-cuss Confectionery Business with Refreshments, for tale, nice thop, main toad, tame hands eight years. —KINGSLEY'S. Caterbam Valley, Surrey.

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ONE:PENNY

===== 0002601_19080822_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Sn'TUREP.A.Y, ii,UaILTST 22, 190 S.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
72

PAGES FOR NOW ON SALE AT ALL NEWSAGENTS, AND AT THE

ID.

"Examiner" Office, Bewsey Street, Warrington.

posT } IS. 7311. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. pe ancum. Is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

1/ottls, ppOros, Eparinng 05tabg.

DUBLlN.—Superi,v ROOMS end BOARD; oomfortable. Central; room aod breakfast from 21. 6d. ; full board from 46.-11, MOUNT/31 SQUISE.

QOARBOISOUGI4.—APPTIRLBY BOARDING 110USB, 30, Blenheim terrace ; faelng sea, from ss. per day.--PsAKE.

QCARBOBOUGI.I. —Et. Au byna BOARDING-FIOUBBOYew kJ Queen sr. ; central ; near Eea and trams ; moderate terme.—MANAGSP.E'!B.

gi pa rtm Ent 5, ,furnisbrb 3Pouses,

A BIIRTSTWITH.—Comfortable APARTMIMS, near sea 11. and castle gronnds. Moderate terms. Plano.—Miss RICHARDR, Lys Neillon, High at.

A BBl:lChTWYTll.—Cornfortable .11.YAUTSIIINES ; every iern convenfenca ; bath (h. and c.); three minutes from sea.—Mr. BENNETT. LlAty. Brewer st.

ACCUUCHEIIHNT.—Lady,pending nnd after confinement, can have comfortable Home with certified Midwife ; tetrna moderate.--17, DIALSiONE LLIfE, Stockport.

A 17GLESHY.—Ittlian '2ay.—APAILT:dII:7TS TO LE r,l5tA3 August.--ROBIBT9, Tany Bryn, Llancltlan, miry cb.

ASHBOURBE. Docedele ; White Lion IioteI.—APART- MBNTS with or without board.—Proprietor, M. HEAD.

BISPHAM, B!ackpool.—Homely APARTHBNTS, near tram and Bea.—Mrs. PERCIVAL, 80, Cliff-terrace, Led Bank rd.

13 lACHPOOL.—Near Central Station an 4 Sea.—Mrs. LiwTorr, Caclisle House, 64, Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL—Mre. COOPER. 24, Wcllington Terrace, Prom. APAIITARNTS, Publto and Private; board optional; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Comrortable APARTMENTS with or without board. Near Talbot Road Statlon.—B. Momis, 24. Elizabeth at.

EL AaCnclieP?nOelLu.d—et.PAEl EbNoaTrSd 184.3. el% 8 pe;trolin;ncaßt,te tr:4l6- Central Drive.

DLACRPOOL —PUBLIC and PHIVATH ROOYS. 2e. _11) per bed; le. each pereon.-311esee DORSEY, 10, St. Chad's rd.. South Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APUITMIINT3, near station and two piers ; reasonable charges.—Mrs. txxsos, 36, Alexandra rd., Promenade.

I:I)LACIPOOL.—&PARTAIRNT3 with or without board T.) one minute from Talbot rd, Station and North Pier piano; terms moderate,—Mrs. NELSON, 6, Topping it.

DLACKPOOL.—COMPANY-110U811. Promenade, near 13 Central; 16 rooms of furntture for £2SQ; through death ; 15 yeare ecnneetlon.-11ANTORTH & JOEISEOM, south Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—Mre. lagbarn (nee Louie Shepherd), formerly Rock, Dawley, Salop. Public and Private APARTMENTS ; plano.-3, CLARENDON RD South Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—Best and moet reasonab!e accommodation at Mrs. NtosELEY'e, 98, lilted rd., near Centre! Station and Promenade; pribllJ or private APARTMENTS. Piano.

BLACIE POOL.—C omfortftble APARTM //ZITS, near sea eouth Sbcre E talon' and earl; terms reoderste.—Mr, BAILEY, a, Wcialcy rd., fotth Shore, Lytham rd., litaelipco

L BAN'S. ALBION NOUS% 9i, Albert rd.. Blackpool Putdio and Private APARIMISNIS. Near tea and stations. Central to all &musements. Pianos.

131VIUMAR RT II IS (near.) -APAHSTd ; sitttng-room and two bedrooms terms 21s. per weelr.—Bira. U. JONES, 7. Park Imam Ilangrre, near Btaurnaris.

BU XTON .—A PA RT l'd 1115 TS, centrally situated; bath with or without board from ss. &I. day, or permanent good cooking.—HOMEBTRAD.

f lAii NFORTH.— Clean, homely AP AIITMENTS, public or 1.../ or privite ; 'good reds ; cycle accommoclatlon.—Mre. Mourmcr, 32, Lancashire rd.

CHESTRE.--Superlor APARTMENTS, near station, cars, and river ; moderate terme.—CßEsTroLD, Queen's rd., City rd.

COHIPPING BODBUBY, a 103.—Small house (modern) Furnished, from ht September ; low rent.—Ml. HOIME.

r'ILE/ITHORIIIB.—APAIITBISETS close to station and sea.—Mrs. JAMES, 11, Cosgrove at.

CLEVELlSYS.—Cousfartable APARTMIINTS, public and private: two minutes tram and sea; bath and piano.— Miss LEE. Vfctorla place, 2, Nutter rd.

DOUGLAS.—Bed and breakfast 21. 6J. Full board 4s. 6d. Bede (2 persons) 28.—hlre. QUAYLE, 27. 1"el rd.

k 0 VOL AS. —Mre , Dlbb, Kingswood Grove: Select quiet APARTMENTS, with or without board; central, moderate terms.

DOUGLA9.—Maygn's, " Fairhaven," 6, Empire t erraoe.— APARTMENTS, board optional ; lea view; delightfully situated ; central. Also Private sitting-room.

DUNOON.—Afry rooms. Batbs. Liberal table. Moderate Week-ends. sear pler.—Xlre. KIPPEN, Ivy Grove Boarding HCUPP, Cromwell et.

GENL. Corn. Agency, 20,Inronxr sr., London, recommend first-class Boarding and Apartment Houses.

GT. YARMOUTH. —Comfortable A PARE BUNTS near sea atti tram.; terms moderate; stamp. —Mrs. W. STOREY, 16, Harley rd.

HOLIDAY BOMB or ()ABP.—Bed ant Board weekly from 1 gulner.—Protpeetus and testimonials from SECRETARY, Y.M.C.A., Biepnam Lodge, Blackpool.

OYLAKH.—Oomfortable Furnished HOUSN or Apart- ments ; moderate tor September.-46, ()Hymn RD.

TRlSLAND.—Comfortable APARTMBIST9, with or without board. Terms moderate,—Mrs. CLOSE. Dunlue3 it., Larne.

K ENSINGTON. LONDON. W.—Superlor BOARD-NMI- DNISCH, close to Nxhibitlon.-111rs. AHEAFM, 3 and 4, Leonard place.

lAK El DlSTRlCT.—Comfortable APARTMBNTS, high 1/ situation, splendid view, board 4s. per day each.—Mrs. DAVIDSON. Holgtyll House, Braithwaite, Keswick.

AXBY, Isle of Man —Comfortable APARTMBNTS with .1.1 or without board. Terms moderate.—Mrs. KUTRADE, King Orry House.

r LANDUDNO.— Comfortable APARTMBEITS ; moderate IJ term. ; with or without board.—Owns, 6, idostyn Avenue.

j LANDUDNO and NORTH WALE COAST.—For 1.4 Furnished and Unfurnished Houses apply AL RYAN, Notate Agent, Llandudno.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
VOA

===== 0002601_19080822_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
MkM

,-..,.....:..-:,..:.:....:.,,-_:_..,:-::2.:,::..:7;:.J..?i.;,...';,....

===== 0002601_19080822_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
AND WILL ATTEND

TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at NOETEIWICH and WINSPOED. TEETH (See Local Papers)

2partnTrato, lurnisbrb atit, &r

LANDUDNO.—ComforhOte APARTM . ESTS • moderate Li terms ; bath; trams pass door.—DAvrEs, litrubetley House, Mostyn Avenue.

LANDUDNO JUNCTION, NORTH WALES:—Sittln7.:: Li two or three Bedrooms; le. each person per night inclusive.—Mr. ROIERTSIN, Pre3wylfa.

A J ATBRNlTY.—Comfortable home, well recommencird; skillei nursing —64, EDITH RD. Kensington, W.

AIA TX CKb,e—a oPmAsli.l Sittn9 ;vtleirtyti tit; orodoer:a,t ewi rosc e Jr. SMEDLEY. 4, Green lan, Darley Dale, Matlock.

Al OLD (near). —APARTMENTS or Board and Bedroom ; LIT emall farmtouse.-51r. DIVIES,Tyn-p.-Yua. Berquia. near Mold,

OBECAMBS.—HomeIy AP.I.IiTAININTd, good cooking ; 111 trout rooms, piano ; bode lie,Lent rd. Stamp.

11 OftECASIBB,W.V.—PubIIc andprirate APARTMeNre AL piano ; beds 23.; near Alhambra.—Mrs. BEAUX° AT 31, Parliament st.

It 1 ORECAMBH, Bath. Bea view; IVJL four doors from Promenade.—Mrs. H. 11. AntwoßTH, Hawthorne House, I), Alexandra rd.

kr ORIN WALI39.—APAEITIIIENTS, suns. beach. Open 11 position, sea aal mountain view. Aloderate terms.— NYEFIELD, Nevin.

OfAISCHAN, I.O.M.—APAIMMERTS uitia or without board, private if require I five minutes from bathing creek. Terms moderate.—" PliaTue," Royal Avenue, _

--- I_3ENMAIOSSIAWR.—ComfortabIe LPAUTMIifiTz. ; dole I. to sea and Ltation ;moi. terms. —ROBERTS, Van Vtna

I)III3STETYN, —Comfortable Front APARTictIiNI4 ; sea J. and mountain air ; vacant ; terms moderate.—lftuans. Rhos Rouse.

11111119LLHBLI.— Comfortable APAILTAINNTS. Terme 1. moCerato.—Apply livaxs, Sahel!lauds. South Beach.

11/L. —Comfortable AP AR EMBSTS. near sea aid town. —Amos, 7, Bath St.

HYL.—Board Residence. 285. weekly inclusive ; J. room BAft. Ionci.—PROPRIE2 HESS. Warerley,West Parade

I ) HYL. —Private APARMIIItiTS, clean. comfortable; good cooking; close to promenade ; terms moderate. 13noodurtr.L, .Uuttes ton rd.

420/111BOROUGH.-APAIMIENTS- ; centrsl ; 4 min. f-ps; 1.,.7 good cooking; hlghly recommtndeJ.—Write for terms ; LOXSDALE, 11, 11.11 e Vue Parade.

CILISCALE, Cumberland. —BOHM OOTTAG it TO LY LIIT for Sel.temb_r ad winter naonths. Sittiniroom and three bedrooms, kl'chen and out-kitchen. Three minutes from station and golf liuka.—Mrs. Lowlear,l,oovenese Bich.

(ZOIMIPORL—HomeIy APAHTSIBIfT4 ; central; terms U J moderate—Mil. CARTER. 87. Virginia at.

QOUTHPOHT.—Conafortab!eAPAIIMIEND3 near pier and k.. 7 illuminations ; bath ; piano ; terms moderate.—Mrs. DANIEL, 45, West et.

QT. ANNES.—Private APARTNItiNre, aea view, cear link, LI and new band etand.—AMISGFORD. South Drive.

'I)/) LIST, Pornhaled House Isaias sea ; tea rooms; moter- L ate rent. —BURGESS & Co., Huttstanton.

ri,RUFRIVir, North WaIer.—APARTMENTS with cr with- -1 out board ; reference for permanency.—Mra. EVANS, Vedw Cottage.

AT/ALB of Ciwyd.—Eitting-room, 2 Bedrooms; comfortabie home; children not objected to.--Buta. bra-, St. Asaph.

ALB OF CLIYYD.—APARTSBNTS. three or four bed- , roomii,entertalaing, bath, piano. Bracing. Nr. mountains —LLOYD, Tiny Cacao, Liangwitan. Trefrlant,

VISITORS TO LONDON.—Homely Apartments, 20 mins. V Prom City. Healthy spot. Trams pass door. Local references. Moderate.-19, GRANGE Pans RD., Leytoo.

‘m II K-1111D or weekly APARTMESTS near Exhibition. Rouble or single bedded rooms, sitting room,&o. 130 cards.—Mrs. CAXPI3ELL, 16, Rathgar Arenue,Ealing,Loadon

WESTMORLAND.—Fire bedrooms, three sktingrooms, kitchen, piano, fishing, trip ; Let whole or separate. —Mrs. HALL, Manor Farm, btalninore, lilrkby Stephan.

VOIIRSUIttII (BAST.)—Country APARTMLCSTS, pretty. 1 village, near river side ; terau moderate.—JEmuNgart. Hemingtno% Itewden,

< 4.1

Y 810013.9.- fish --APARTMENTS, good ing, Y god', hunting (several packs). Medvrate terms,— ALDLIE, innlngton, Yorks.

iflarDnizrzCXC

filfißEß EGG-END BOILERS, 34ft. by ft. strong pister, clean; cheap for quick saIe.—EDWARD Ii•TCLIFIE, Machinery Merchant, liar warden•

OFFICE FOR PATENTS 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

GEO. DAVIES S.: SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. BSTAILIQIIED IN 1835. EBLF-HELP TO NSW PATENT LA.W. PRICE. 6. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE IS

wi oi oviz ",*.-4

===== 0002601_19080822_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
flqtbiral

DlLES.—Guaranteecl CURB rent privately ea receipt of le. P.o.—Prceorr,l6. Saxon et., Burnley.

RHBUMATISM.—Tbere is no llllttßim about lirookford's Cure.' Post free 15.3d.,35.-159 Weal. NILE er.,Csissgow.

llHRUMaTlSM.—Sufferers. lead for remedy. h. 6.1. _ft pod free.—Moss, 8S Snows9elde. Newcomen et., SY.

DlLES.—Permanently cured. Pruritus (itching) (rimed:- atelv relieved. Particulars free.—Lß ComaEs Co. Dept 50, Aberstern.

Alißl IT Milli, with Betr Ointment, tor Bore, Cute 131 Bruises, Burns, Is. poet free.—BETß, 21 Colebrooke Bow, Islington, London, N.

'I'ADIONSTION.—Save chemists profits, deal strafgbt from I. maker ; splendid remedy, cured thousands, 90. bOtt:e. —VINCENT, Muntrose et., Darlington.

42ANTAL Wood 011 Capsules. Ficest made ; certain eure 0 Poet free, 2s. 9i. er bottle (under cover) ; four for IN. —Bowuso, Chernigt, Pelnbroke Dock.

I)CSPEPSIA, indigestion, and heartburn ; immedlate relief and successful cure.—Send stamped envelope for particulars, H. 17.. 7 Greenhill Crescent, Harrow.

rEJ Cure Corns immediately, send for packet D. JENNIIIt'S CORN SILK, ND% CHURCH, Chemist, Cambridge. DAD LEGS, EAU LEGS.—Twenty-five years' eyperience; L.l aoundest application for this terrible affliction ;9d.; genuine, no quackery. —Weersuirrox, Itamsbottom.

VAISSILT PlLL'.—Why pay fancy prices for pills when E you can buy 53 Beet Quality Gelatlne-Co.ted Pills tor Sixpence 1..05t free, from W. R. WooLcocx, Cardigan.

• REETOL.'—The Ideal Antiseptic Tooth Powdv, whitens I_J and preserves the teeth, sweetens the breath. Is, per box, past free.—SCI.DDING, 27 Astatield rd., Bedminster,

A L/IDX will gladly send to Sofferers of ImAgestion. 11_ Rheumatism, and Liver Complaints, a splendid remedy, 2e. 9d. post free.—Mrs. Cook, Astle Hall, Cheltord, Cheshire

F"' DElNTlOURE.'—lmmedlately cures neuralgia toothache and nervous headache without any blel alter effect. Price la. ld.—S. T. DENTICCRE 00., 14 K, Wimbledon

STREILE MARRIACI.P.—Its Caugeg and Curative Treay ment. By a late Eenior Phytielan to a Hospital for Women. A New Edition. Just published Post tree,; li. 9d.—SIDLLET & CO.. LTD., 33, Gt.raogiohurob, Ilt. London

TABALM, the wonderful Herbal olntmen,, cures eczema. U scurvy, - burns, scalds. ulcer*, bad legs, piles, rheumatism, sprains ; large balree, le., port free.-JAMES, Prospect Place, ()balk Hill, Bu.bey. Harts.

A HIGH STANDARD OF LETTERPRESS PRINTING

IS CONSTANTLY MAINTAINED AT THE " EXAMINER " OFFICE. THE TASTES AND WISHES OF CUSTOMERS ARE STUDIED. THE SMALLEST DETAILS IN EVERY 3013 ARE CAREFULLY WATCHED AND PROMPTITUDE IN DELIVERY MAY ALWAYS BE RELIED UPON.

"EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

-2„,

': _*

===== 0002601_19080822_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19080822_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME. PARASOLS FOR THE SEASIDE.

The seaside parasol although not a novelty it of the utmost importance, declares a Taticri writer, and when not of the same colour as the costume should be of that peculiar shade of . green that has such a beneficial effect on the ' eyes and affords an admirable protectioh from . the glare of the sea and sun. As will be remern- bered sunshades atg now being carried by a few extremists on the other side of the Channel while bathing, and it is safe to prophesy. ere the season is over that these en tout ca s will be ex- ceedingly popular. They are ,made of pretty waterproofed silk or lingerie trimmed with frills of foamy white lace and aro fitting accompani- ments for the black silk Directoire, bathing cos- tumes that are so fashionable at the French and i other continental seaside resorts.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
VOILE AFTERNOON DRESS,

Our sketch shows a delightfully cool-looking afternoon dress of vthite cotton voile spotted with green. The full skirt is gathered at. the back, and the hem is trimmed with two rows of white insertion, one above the hem and the other above the tuck. The bodice is finely tucked, and trimmed with crossed bands of white insertion. The softly-draped bands of the

voffe an arranged in pleats, and bordered with lace insertion at each edge. The yoke ,is of white embroidery, or sprigged lace could be used instoad, the ,sleeves being of the same material. finished at the elbow with an up-and-down frill divided by a baud of• insertion. Round the waist is worn a belt of black ribbon velvet, knotted at the side, and the ends finished with balls of velvet.

.„ , ...).: . ', 40311.72 .1:_.,... .7.3, N.: ...,..7.L. .. ' ,1 i; • .. •..... "i - i ,ri.' • • . '.. . • d , , , • . •, ~ v ..„, , •It ;Id/ , -1, • i- , "7"! • . I . •1 . i\ * 0 ' . .0 . . : • . \ 4 •, ~ • . . _ ~.. • ; - • ..„,\ i , / b 0 \t° \'•••,: k • 4 .s' •'‘‘ r 'i 1 ,\ , •\ \ • !•-•;.\\::;• ,6.-/ 0 •0 • ' ri• 1 . \ •. ' • • ° • ,o •:, i ••••••-t ; 1 , • . 1 ~ . ‘ . . e s. - 4cs' ' ' , n• VA ill% • 1 "-.t);1114'-k: \. ' Itigt

===== 0002601_19080822_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
GARDENING FOR WOMEN.

Gardening—and more especially market-gar- dening— as an occupation for women, should more commend itself to tho consideration of those 'seeking agreeable and lucrative work for girls now that the system of French gardening is claiming so much attention. Hitherto we English folk have not been able to compete with the French, who have supplied our markets with all the early vegetables we use. But now that it id discovered how very easy it is to, produce salads and vegetables even in the winter, market-gardening ought to be taken up, declares the Lady's Pictorial, by women who like coun- try and outdoor life generally. It is a very suit- able occupation. and it is one requiring but small capital. Furthermore, it is to the advan- tage of the nation that this industry should be increased.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN AND THE AIOTOR.

The motor-car of the twentieth century, de- clares Women's Employment, is a marvel of in- genuity, a daintily-equipped fnechanism, easy to handle and to steer, worthy the judgment and resourcefulness of the modern maiden to mani- pulate, to whom this new means of locomotion may become a fascinating pastime and a profit- able profession.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS FOR A LITTLE GIRL.

The little girl's dress shown in our sketch could be carried out in almost any material, but for present wear would be very nice in some pretty coloured zephyr, or carried out in all white, relieved by a gay-coloured tic, the white cotton hat being trimmed with a scarf to match. The bodice part is simply arranged with two

deep tucks over each shoulder, stitched down as far as the belt. The skirt is slightly gathered all round, and has a tuck above tho hem. The belt is shown in the sketch made of the zephyr and fastened ,by a small tab, to match those that hold down the ends of the tie. Beneath the kimono sleeves there are little puff sleeves of white embroidery, the turn-down collar being of the same material.

hl -,---- __ -- --_-- L • ...,..__ • ....., 4.4... , ~.v.,-, ......_ _ ~ :.: .iti i g i ,1r:,..,', di (.. 41101° it mot 41,10.-, ..:. , 1.1 , , , ..,11 _.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A GIPSY OF HIGH DEGREE.

Lady Arthur Grosvenor, the still youthful- looking aunt of the Duke of Westminster, has just returned from what seems to have been an ideal. caravanning tour through the leafy coun- ties of England. When her Ladyship takes to the road she does so in no frivolous or ama- teurish spirit, says the Sketch, for, accompanied by a friend, she strips herself for the nonce of all. the insignia of rank and gentle birth, and assumes the garb, the colouring, the very accents of the daughter of a Romany; and she is very proud of the fact that so far no one has ever challenged her being what she seems to be. Lady Arthur, who is a keen sportswoman and an intense lover of country life, is mistress of a charming old-world manor-house, the Old Hall, Braxton, Cheshire. She first became the happy owner of a caravan some years ago, and she con- siders tlat there is no more delightful way of spending a holiday than in this leisurely fashion.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

CREME ArX MERLANS. - Clean and split two whitings, and place them in a baking dish in the oven, laying a small piece of butter on the top of each. After ten minutes remove, separate the flesh from the bones and skin, and pound tho fish first in a mortar and then rub through a sieve. Melt half an ounce of gelatine in a little water, and stir it.into half a cupful of fresh tomato puree, seasoned with salt and pepper. Whip half a pint of double cream stiffly, and mix with a tablespoonful of thick mayonnaise sauce. Take a gill of savoury aspic jelly, mask a border mould with half of it. add the remainder to the whipped cream, and stir all into the tomato puree. 'Add the whiting—when quite cold—last of all, and fill the mould with the mix- ture. Set on ice till required, and then turn out. nil the centre with' chopped lettuce, garhialmd pith dim of tpulato mti hard-boiled egg(

===== 0002601_19080822_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
SUBMARINE PHOTOGRAPHY.

Although more than 1,000 species of fish that inhabit the waters of the deep see have been found, there dciubtless remain to be re- vealed rare specimens, unique' in form and colouring. Experiments in submarine Photo- graphy have been made of late years which promise great aid to the work of deep sea fishing. A specially-constructed camera was carried -down by a diver in the employ of the Government to a depth of 22ft. or 23ft., and with an exposure of half, an hour negatives were obtained which, though shewing a lack of depth, were fairly satisfactory. It was found that the best results were obtained by placing a blue glass in front of the lens. It is intended later to have lenses specially con- structed for under-water-work.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CRIME AND THE THERMOMETER.

The marked .increase in.crimes of violence during hot weather seems to lend support to the theory that crime increases as the ther- mometer rises. A few years ago Mr. Edwin Grant Dexter, an American scientist, pre- pared a chart shewing the relation between crime and the thermometer, as tested by seven years' records. This chart represents the maximum of criminal assaults as occur- ring at a temperature of from 80deg. t 6 85deg. Fahr. With the fall of the tempera- ture the

===== 0002601_19080822_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CRIMINAL'S, ENERGY DECREASES,

reaching its average at 551eg. to 60deg. Fahr., and its lowest point at from sdegv. to 10deg. Fahr. It is interesting to note that, according to Mr. Dexter's observations, periods of the most intense heat are as free from crime as periods of extreme cold. Other instructite conclusions are that excessive humidity is as productive of crime as ex- treme heat; that low atmospheric pressure preceding a storm keeps the policeman busy; and that women are far more sensitive than men to changes of temperature.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
DURATION OF GROWTH AND LIFE.

Professor Rubner, of Berlin, has made a special study of problems relating to develop- ment and growth, and the Hospital sum- marises some of his deductions and gene- ralisations. The weight of the newly-born creature is doubled by growth in very dif- ferent intervals of time in different animals. The newly-born kitten doubleS its weight in nine days, the calf in forty-seven days, while the human infant requires 180 days. The slow growth of the human body is perhaps compensated by the

===== 0002601_19080822_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
GREATER DEVELOPMENT OF =Am.

I Man has, moreover, an exceptional position in regard to the duration of life and its rela- tion to the letidth of the period of growth. Whilst the horse lives thirty-five years, the cow thirty years, and the dog fifteen years, periods of growth are respectively five, four, and two years—that is, from one-sixth to one- seventh of the total duration of life. In man Ha total duration of life of seven* to eighty ' years is associated with a period of growth , Of twenty to twenty-four years—that is, one- third or one-fourth.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES FROM THE EYES.

A well-known scientist gives an extra- ordinary account of some experiments on images in the eyes. He believes hhas proved not only that real images, of objects looked at are formed on the retina of the eye, but that photographs ,of such images can be made. In the first instance the experimenter fixed his eyes intently for one minute, in or- dinary daylight, on a two-shilling piece. Then, drawing a yellow screen over the win- dow to shut out the actinic light, he put a prepared photographic plate in place of the two-shillings, and fastened his eyes upon it,

THINKING ALL THE WHILE OF THE COIN. After forty-three minutes he removed the plate and developed it. He asserts that he found an outline of the piece of money clearly visible on the plate. He repeated the experiment with a postage stamp, and, after twenty minutes' staring at a sensitised plate, found on the latter, when it was developed, an image of the stamp. -The light producing the alleged photographs is supposed to emanate from the image on the retina.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TO MEASURE HUMAN INTELLIGENCE.

Dr. Van Biervliet, the Dutch psychologist, I has, after long years of research, come to the conclusion that the intelligence can be, mea- sured, and that because it depends upon mental application and Affection, its " vari- ant " can be found among all sorts and con- ditions of men. Hero is the argument he advances in support of his novel theory: The most complex intellectual operations are all reducible to a ratiocinative process Ohich depends for the results it gives on the soundness of the nervous system and its fine- ness. You cannot, for example, get from a 'cello the effects which are to be obtained from the violin, the reason being explained by the fineness of thd strings. Although in their specific qualities the notes extracted from either instrument may be supreme, there can be no queseon that in fameaehingeffect that of the more delicate i . instrument immeasurably exceeds the other. An almost identical process takes place with the mind, the superior mental organism being that which is composed of most nerve- cells, or, as we should say, which fs post highli'r strung. In projecting its attentioTl or ratiocinative power upon any, given question which requires reasoning out, the will simply calls upon its SUPPLY OF CEREBRAL NERVE-CELLS.

Naturally, says the New York World, the more there are of thesa the greater. and more effective will be the " training " of the intel- ligence.upon the subject under consideration. Now, a fairly approximate gauge of the 1 power of the nervous .system can be obtained either from the 6harpneps of hearing or the , sharpness of sight, says Van Biervliet. Take) a dozen intelligent persona, and you will find that the most intelligent among them are those who best apply their senses of hearing and seeing, the sense of 'touch being about equal in all normally - conditioned persons. -The effect of a given incident upon a spec- tator, or of a statement upon a hearer, can be estimated from the number of images which are created in the sensorial apparatus. In' the mind which is capable of most con- centration, and, consequently, capable of exerting the, most intelligence, these images will succeed each other in a logical order, and will be all closely related to each other. In the mind which is least intelligent, and in which the

===== 0002601_19080822_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
REASONING PROCESS IS CASUAL

and haphazard, the images will be diffuse agg incoherent, the whole kaleidoscopic 6C7b me criss-crossing it-self and resolving into nothing definite. Provided that a fixed numerical symbol be given in the ratio of re- sults derived from the experiments in hear- ing and in seeing upon a series of normal in! dividuals, a definite scheme of mental men- suration, haying as its basis the nerve-cell power, could be drawn up and applied in the case of all who had passed the age of puberty. Dr. Louis Martin, of the Pasteur Institute in Paris, agrees that even in the case of retarded mental development —it being an admitted 6 cieritific fact that certain minds, even among the most intelligent, only reach consciousness of their own power at a comparatively advanced age in life the re- sults of the visual and auditory test will afford ample grounds for a sound ealeul*tion Qi the subject's mental "potential,".

===== 0002601_19080822_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Royal Visitcrs from Spain—Princess Henry of Vette-rib/ill, like the late Queen Victoria, is fond of the Isle of Wight, where she is staying It Osborne Cottage, and has with her the Queen of Spain, and also her eldest son Prince Alexandre, who has retired from the Navy on account of his delicate health. Queen Victoria Eugenie, who is in need of rest and quiet, was greatly upset by the assassiration of the King and Crown Prince of Portugal, ard her nerves Lave suffered from the constant apprehension of danger. Contrary to expectation she did not bring her two children, but it is expected that the Queen will be joined by King Alfonso, who proposes to spend a few days in the Isle of Wight early next month. Under the Spanish constitution, the Ring and Heir Apparent cannot be absent from the country at the same time, and the King cannot leave Spain withont the formal consent of his Parliament. Formerly a similar statutory rule prevailed in this i country,but it has fallen into desuetnde.The last time the question was raised was in ISIS, when Queen Victoria was about to visit Clermsny. Lord Campbell urged that the Lords Justices should be commissioned to act during the Sovereign's abs.,nce, but the Lord Chancellor con- vinced the House of Lords that this formality was no longer necessary, in consequence of the greatly improved means of travel and telegraphic communication. A precedent was thus established which did away with these old-time formalities. A Royal Lover of Huge Headgear.—lt is abundantly evident that the young Queen of Spain has a great affection for very large hats, which so far during her stay in this country have been surrounded by sweeping ostrich plumes, or ornamented with huge wings. For the " Toby " ruffle, ,or the chiffon scarf, her Majesty apparently cares not at, all, her favourite ostrich feather boas—of which she possesses quite a wonderful collection—being worn upon every possible occasion. So far, we have failed to discover any neck and shoulder " fluish," to compare—in becomingness- -with the ostrich feather boa, which, happily, will be worn as much as ever when the cooler days arrive. Button to the Fore.—Very little has so far transpired noncerning early autumn fashions, but of this we may rest assurred that buttons will abound upon smart toilettes, indeed not infrequently modistes will rely entirely upon them for decoration. Quite small speci- mens are likely to be preferred, and these will be placed very eh sely together. Plaids Again.—The plaid season has arrived and the most artistic mixtures are being offered in shopland. All-plaid costumes, however, are less seen this yesr than formerly, many tailors preferring to mix the plaids with striped fabrics. For example, a striped material, closely pleated, is used for the skirt, one broad band of the plaid appearing at the foot, the coat of the striped fabric showing revers, pocket flaps, and cuffs of the plaid also. Felt hats trimmed with velvet keipds and quills or wines, are worn with these costumes. Keeping Birds in Cages.—People are so accustomed to the idea of keeping song birds in cages that few ever stop to think how much cruel suffering is occasioned by this practice. Women are charged with vanity and thoughtlessness for wearing the skins and feathers of birds in this hats, but, in this respect it might well be asked whether the milliner's shop does not represent an insufficient measure of cruelty and suffering com- pared with the live-stock shop, crowded from floor to calling with cages, whose occupants were made to soar, but are doomed to life-long captivity. The same objection does not perhaps apply to canaries and other birds which never have known freedom, but no living thing likes captivity, and there is a certain amount of selfish cruelty in keeping birds in cages, even if their wants are regularly and properly cared for, which is very far from always being the case. Are Holidays a Mistake.—The newspapers having dis- cussed the topic "What is the best form of holiday " are now giving es a dissertation on the question "Are holidays any good ? " An eminent French medical authority says they are altogether a mistake. He says we do not want long rests, and that to relieve a jaded mind by going in for abnormal physical exercise in the holidays, only makes matters worse. The cccasional day, or hstf-day outing he suggests, is much better than the three or four weeks summer holiday from which, he goes on to say nine out of ten persons return all the worse, and are unable to resume work properly for two or three days afterwards. All this of course, is con- trary to the general belief. It is quite true that a great many people do return the worse for their holidays, but they start, not with any idea of benefiting their health, but with the sole oblect of crowding as ranch pleasure as is possible into the time they are away. If one is done up with ill-health or overwork, it is too much to ask us to believe that the occasional half-day holiday is better than the long rest and change. The Elder Sisters' Burdens.—Some evidence bearing on the question whether women or men have the best time in life, is afforded by the way in which the children spend their days in the streets and parks of the great cities and towns, when the board schools are closed for the summer holidays. While the boys play , games, the. girls for the most part are turned into I nursemaids. The boys play at motor cars, in the form of sugar-Loxes on wheels, but the girl's are placed in charge of the perambulator, and are made responsible for the care of two or three or perhaps more younger children. It is the girls and not the boys who most frequently ask the passing stranger for the " right time" because the ~hours pass slowly and they are 1 longing for the time to come to go home fur dinner or i tea. The boys seem to have very much the best of it in holiday time, and in this early training there is little of the chivalry, which we are told the stronger sex used to extend to the weaker, but which moralists tell us, women have forfeited the right to expect from men, since they have sought to share the opportunities and enjoyments of life on equal tering with them. Mr. Churchill's Engagement.—The forthcoming wedding of Mr. Winston Churchill, President of the Board of Trade, and Miss Clementine Hozier, daughter , of the late Sir Henry Hozier, will be the fourth Minis- ' terial marriage within it year. Mr. McKenna, and Mr. Masterman, married in June, while Lord Lorebtirn vras nserried to Miss Violet Hicks-Beach last December. It is understood that the engagement be Mr. Churchill and Miss Hozier will be a very short one, and that the wedding will take place next month. Tall and slight, Miss Hozier is regarded as one of the cleverest and most agreeable girls in Society, and besides being good- looking, she adds accomplishments of a musical, literary, and artistic kind, such as are attaired by few young ' ladies of her age. She is twenty-three, some ten years younger than Mr. Winston Churchill, whose career, yet in its early days, has teen marked by so many notable achievements. As the wife of Mr. Winston Churchill, the prospective bride will be able to turn her splendid talents to full account, and the morriage will give the President el the Board of Trsde, a matrimonial, as well as a political alliance with Forfarshire, owing to the near relationship of Miss Hozier with the Airlie family. She is a niece of the late Earl of Airlie, who was killed in the Boeis War, and whose seat, Cortachy Castle, is situated some 15 or 16 miles from Dundee. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A WHOLE FAMILY BENEFITS.

Sensational Proof of Zam-Buk's Wonderful Power.

Zam-Buk, the world's greatest skin-cure, bas proved real friend to the family of Mr. W. Smith, of 199, Windsor Avenue, Bensham, Gateshead Mrs. Smith —" A. few months ago ringworm broke out on the head of one of my boys. I became greatly alarmed when two more of my boys started with the nasty places on their heads. Soon all three children were suffering terribly from the pain mid burning sensation. Zarn-Buk was eventually recommended to me for the alarming skin trouble. I tried this rich balm,and was really ritonished at its wonderful effect. " Not only was the disease quickly checked, but the irritation and pain soon began to get less and less, .Every application of Zam-Buk did the boys soorl, until now there is not a trace of the I orrid ringworm on any of the boys' heads. " My husband suffered terribly from piles, and all ordinary remedies failed even to ease the intense pain. persuaded him at last to try Zam-Bnk. - The first

. _ application Rive him ease from the dreadful pain, and before long he was able to walk about again. My husband his never been troubled with piles since. Zarn-Tluk alw cured my eldest boy of an. attack of neuralgia." . ,

EXAMINATION OF PUPIL TEACHERS IN RELIGIOUS KNOWLEDGE. The following results have been announced :—St. John's District School:- First class, M. E. Ball ; second class, I'. Emerton, A. Blower, A. Dnckworth, and A. Pilling ; third class, S. Clarke. St. Peter's, Newton : Second class, S. Blything ; third class, E. Silk.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SNOW FALLS AT THE EQUATOR.

If there is one place in the world that we cannot associate with snowstorms it is the Equator or its vicinity. But the exploring ex- pedition ,of Duke Adolf Frederick of Ger- znany, in the volcanic region of German East Africa, was overtaken by a terrific snow- storm, which stopped their progress in the crater of Branca—about ninety miles south of the Equator, half his men being frozen to death.

MEE

2 McDOUGALUS Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR BENEPSANY. The Examiner Saturday, August 22, 1908. WOMA N'S REALM. , SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES.

By Veronica.

BREVITIES.

The International Geographical Congress which has just completed its session inilllGeneva has appointed a special commision to make a collection of photographs of all the various forms of the earth's surface. FRANCO-BRITISH AT NIGHT. Amateur photographers are now allowed to work in the Franco-British ExhiLition on condition of giving an undertaking that their results will not be used for commercial purposes. One of the men who has made very good use of this permission is Mr. Robert Dykes author of" Night Photography," from vrhora I have recently seen some very interesting prints from nega- tives made in the twilight with the lighting of the illuminations, but before the daylight was com- pletely gone. No doubt many of my readers have copies of Mr. Dykes' book and will be glad of the suggestions to follow his example. GOOD WORK WITH CHEAP OUTFITS. The excellent work that can be done by anyone who specialises, who is careful, and keeps within the limita- tion of his outfit, is often a source of surprise even to an old photographer. I have just seen a set of half a dczen flower studies, all made with a as. camera, and by an amateur who only began work this year. Ills success is due, partly to his care, and no doubt, partly also, to his love for flowers FIRST STEPS IN DEVELOPING. Many of my readers who are new to photography are probably coming back from their holidays with exposed plates and films and are very anxious to develop them I to the best advantage. If they can do no I should strongly advise them to have the assistance of a practical demonstration by some good photographer. I This would tend to give them confidence in the dark- room. Thereafter I advise them to make one or two I 'exposures on objects that need not have any interest, simply for the sxke of having unimportant plates on which to commence practising. Start with these, using ready made developer, either procured in solution from the chemist, or in tablet or tabloid form, which only requires solution in water. THE ACTUAL DEVELOPMENT.

Lay the plate in the developing dish with the face (film) upward and the glass side down. Do not soak the plate in water before pouring on the developer,altllough this course was advised by many of the earlier land- books,and is still practised by some go e &photographers. Be sure that the quantihy of-developer is sufficient to cover the plate completely as it lies in the dish. If there is any doubt about this, test the matter by using the same quantity of eater and flowing in over the dry negative or, if no resat 7ve is available, over the plate you are going to develop. %Then flowing over the developer take the dish in the left hard whh the thumb over one top corner and thellngers spread under. the dish. Take measure containing the developer in the right hand, begin pouring it steadily cn to the right hand end of the for side of the plate moving the measure plonk to, the left so that the 'last of the develeper is poured on the, left end of the plate. This will cover the whole of the farther half of the plate and a slight tilt of the dish tovcards yourself should cause the solution to flow evenly ocer all parts. It is important the developer should be flowed evenly in this way or the negative will show what are known as developer marking. No hairy or splash is needed and the whole of the developer should be poured on the plate—(not into the corners and edges of the dish so that it runs under the p'ate). In this way air bubbles will be avoided. WATCHING DEVELOPMENT. This is always an anxious time for the young beginner, and he is liable to strain his eyes and to hold his develop- ing dish quite close to the glass of a lamp which may not he perfectly light safe, with the result that he runs some risk of fogging his plate. The best thing to do the moment the developer has been seen to cover the plate completely and without air bubbles, is to cover the dish with another one or with a sheet of card end to leave it completely alone while about a minute is counted in seconds. Then raise the card and look at the film giving the dish a slight rack. The whole of the creamy appea..ince of the film will have appeared to have become slightly grey and probably certain parts will be very appreciably greyer than others. 'Mese are the high lights of the original subject which are to be densetblack in the negative. if this is the condition or if the creamy appearance of the negative is still unaltered, cover the dish again and take another look at the end of another minute. Eventually it will be seen that the higher lights are becoming black and that the middle tones of the Picture are developing to a general grey, while some of the shadow points shbuld still remain perfectly creamy, end will perhaps, by con' rest, look a lighter colour than the whole film did when first examined. WHEN TO STOP DEVELOPMENT.

Let the development continue s4pi an occasional slight rock of the dish (continuous rocking is no advantage but rather the rrerse) until it is seen that detail is beginning to be shown even in the darkest parts, unless these ere so colnpletely unlighted in the original as to need representing by absolute black in the print. When it seems as if there is some darkening of the film almost, or absolutely, all over, it is well to take out the negative and have a look at the glass side. It sill then be seen that the under side of the film (now visible from the glass) has developed more slowly than the upper side which was the first to be attacked by the developer, and that therefore more detail and contrast remains visible on the glass side. Almost all amateurs make the mistake of stopping development too soon, and I suggest that they should always carry it forward until the detail, with the exception of the very deepest shadows, is all lost from the glass side.

JOHN WALKER & CO., - PEINTERS, BOOKBINDERS PAPER RULERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, DIE STAMPERS, ACCOUNT BOOKNIARERg EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. • INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES BEWSEV STREET, WARitIGTON.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGLITS RESERVED.]

chap shot himself—and so he did in a way. Pro( mise me, Will, that you will be silent. Nobody but you need know anything about it 'till they find him." ' But perhaps be is not dead ! " said Will Mar( tin, drawing Reuben in the direction of the prostrate figure. "Come, we may be in time to save his life." But • Reuben Stallerd wrenched himself free, and cried: "I cannot! I dare not go back! No one must know that I was here: You will keep, silent about it, Will? For my father's sake, Will! For her sake, Will! Promise me you will not speak! " "For her sake! Whose sake? What are you talking about? Speak out, man ! " 1 " Why ! Rose Kreen of course. Don't you know she's going to marry me? Poor little girl! It would kill her if it was known that I was mixed up in this wretched affair. The worry— the scandal of it! Will, for heaven's sake, pro- I mise me you'll never speak I You will promise, ' won't you?" .1 For a minute ,Will Martin stood lost in' thought. Was this the truth that Reuben Stab 1 lard was telling him? Was Rose—the girl whom ' he had long secretly adored—to save whom from 1 suffering he would willingly have risked life , itself—was she really in love with this man? To spare her feelings must he shield him? He I had intended, to speak to her himself, but now! If she loved another—was it not his duty to shield that other from suspicion, for her sake? I He heoked up suddenly. "Reuben, swear to me that all you have told me is the truth ! " " I siyear it ! " said Reuben, in a broken voice. "And you, you' will promise never to say a word about this? Swear to be silent Will, for Rose's sake, she must never hear about this ! " "Yes, for her sake, I promise!' I swear to be silent, as to your part in the matter. Now go, I must hurry back to that poor Rogers. Heaven grant that I may yet ,be able to save his life." "No chance of that • Will. He's as dead as a door nail. . Thanks for your promise, old man, and now I'll make myself scarce," and, with these words,, Reuben Stallard turned and hurried away, while Will retraced his steps to where the still figure of the collector lay. ,• I A brief examination verified Reuben 's state- ' ment. The man was unquestionably dead. kie placed his hand over the heart, but there was no I flutter of life there. The little .bullet had done its deadly work—the man lay dead, where the struggle had taken place, and reverently spread- ing his --handkerchief over the cold and pallid j face, Will Martin paused to consider his next I movements. What should he do? What was his best course of action? ! He must, of couise, give immediate notice of having found the body, but no thought of in- criminating Reuben Stallard crossed his mind. 1 He honestly believed his statement of the acci- dental firing of the revolver, and besides his pro- mise—his oath—of secrecy to Reuben for Rose's sake, no Mention must be made of the name of I the man she loved. ' Looking round him in bewilderment his eyes fell on the revolver which lay a few yards away, , where Reuben had cast it on taking flight. Stooping, he picked .up the innocent-looking, bait deadly, little weapon, and then mechani- cally began to collect the scattered coins and • re- place them in the bag, which was still tightly clutched, by the dead man's fingers. Suddenly a footfall startled him, and he looked up from his task to see two men in police uniform approaching him. In an instant he rncognised them as the district-inspector of police from headquarters, and a local constable from- the neighbouring town. In patrolling the district they had been at- tracted to the spot by hearing the pistol shot from a distance, and had stumbled -upon him, pistol in hand—in the very act of handling the dead man's gold. Was ever a man discovered in such suspicious circumstances? The inspector gravely listened to his Etrief explanation, and then, bidding the con- stable to remain by the corpse until he sent him further assistance, he turned to Will Martin. "I'm sorry, sir, but duty is duty you know. This is a very serious matter, and you must con- sider yourself under arrest. If you give me your word of honour ,to come quietly, and not at- tempt to escape, no force need bee necessary, and' you can repeat your statement at the police- station before the proper authorities." Silently acquiescing to this proposal, Will Martin walked quietly by, the inspector's side to the station, where his (deposition was formally taken, and he was lodged foi the night in a none too comfortable cell. At the ensuing inquest a verdict of wilful murder was returned, and he *as formally com- mitted to take his trial on the capital charge at the Assizes to be held in the distant county town in a fortnight's time. The news spread like wildfire. Will Martin, the highly-respected' bailiff at the Hall —Squire Stallard's right-hand man—to take his trial for 'murder! Was ever such an unexpected and startling thing known? No wonder that a perfect fever of excitement ran through the whole neighbourhuod. The wonderful news quickly reached Rose Kreen, who received it in speechless amazement. What folly What were they thinking ofl Why could they not accept his simple state- ment as truth? It was infamous! cruel! unjust! What was "circumstantial 0- evidence com- pared to the word af a man like Will Martin 1-- her heart's hero—her beau ideal—as Reuben' Stallard had tauntingly called him? Surely at the trial his complete innocence would be estab- lished, and then substantial recompense ought to be Made to him for the cruel indignity this unjust suspicion had put upon him, and poor Rose strove heroically to busy herself in the ordinary duties of daily life, and to possess her soul in patience till the momentous day should see him triumphantly acquitted of this false aml preposterous charge. ' Reuben Stallard had continued his ordinary life of ease and idleness, treating the matter with indifference. What did it matter if he had lied to Martin about Rose Kreen? He could trust to his word—his solemn promise—not to , divulge his connection with the wretched acci- dent. And it really was an a•ccideht, that. at least was truth. Ho himself should keep clear of a nasty serape, and Martin would, of course, be acquitted at the trial. If he returned • a bit damaged in Deo Kreen's eyes, so much the better. Perhaps, he would ,quit the scene of this unpleasant drama, and with him out of the way, he might yet have a chance to win the charm- ing Rose, and ho drank and joked with his wild companions with more than usual boisterous joviality. ...•.. . • • . . . . One evening, . late in the autumn, Will Martin e was returning from a distant farm where he had On th day of the trial Rose was in a stateof pitiable nervous excitement. Brave as she been superintending the erection of some new was, she was quite unable to control or conceal buildings. Taking a short cut across the fields, her feelings, and as the day wore on the strain he had neared the town, when suddenly, from on her nerves became intolerable, and, locking the direction of a lane that skirted the field he • herself in her bedroom, she cast herself on the was crossing, there rang out on the still evening \ air what seemed to him like the , sharp report of Would news of the re- bed in silent anguish. a pistol-shot, followed by a groan, and then the sult never come? Squire Stallard, she knew, would receive a telegram immediately the ver- sound of . hurrying footsteps, as of some person diet was given, and a stable boy had promised hastily passing up the stony lane. Without a moment's hesitation he quickly to convey the intelligence to her without delay; crossed the intervening space to the' hedge, and but oh! how long he seemed in coming. Had hoforgotten ? The promised shilling ought to with a bound landed in the lane below. At a glance he saw that a tragedy had been enacted. I keep his memory fresh and, active • and she Face downwards, by a fallen tree-stump, lay a ' bra:. ely tried'to v 'control her feveris'h anxiety, wait for the seemingly long- scattered around him lay a number of coins man, motionless and apparently dead, while 5",1 to prayerfully delayed result 'Presently a footfall on the which even in the falling light he could see were garden path made her start to her feet. She of gold. . flew to. 'the window with eager eyes but it was only the lad from the adjacent dairy with the In the distance could still be heard the sound milk-cant, and she , again cast herself on the bed of the retreating footsteps, and without pausing i to examine the dead or wounded man, he dashed in an almost semi-conscious state, and buried off in pursuit of the fugitive. her face in the pillows. 1 Fleet of foot and sound of wind, 14ill Martin I , A gentle knocking at the door, and her th rapidly gained on e man, who was evidently making strenuous efforts to escape observation. mother's voice calling softly, " Rosie ! Rosie! " again aroused her. . A final spurt placed him alongside, and a hand She flew from the bed, and, unlocking the on his shoulder brought the stranger to a stand, door, admitted Mrs. Kreen, who placed in her The stranger! Good heavens! As he turned, hand a clumsily folded note. brought it, dear, " I panting and breathless, and confronted him, Will The boy from the fall just I" started, and stated with frightened eyes in the and I, came t once to you. face of Reuben Stallard. With treurbling fingers she unfolded the mis- For a brief space the men stood speechless, sive, and with awe-struck eyes perused the reg!irding each other in silence. Then, with words it contained--roughly scrawled in pencil horror in his voice; Martin spoke. , —but only too clearly, too terribly legible. " You—Reuben ! What does this mean. man?" "Verdict. _guilty. Sentenced to death." Then, as the man, still breathless from his run* So it read, and the words seemed to burn remained silent, he exclaimed again: themselves with letters of fire on her brain. 1 , many seconds she or dying! Who is he? What has happened? "For heaven's sake, speak! That man is dead, For, what seemed to be stood staring straight before her, ' with wide- Why are you fleeing?" opened unseeing eyes. Then with a choking, Still no answer, as the man stood, painfully half - inarticulate cry of " Mother ! Oh! regaining his wind in geeat, sobbing gasps. i mother ! " she tottered forward, and fell in a Come, man, back with me- at once, for hi dead faint into the arms outstretched to 'save may be still living; and tell me, was it an acci- her. dent; or how did it happen?" For hours Rose lay passing from one fainting Reuben Stallard was fast regaining breath ana fit to another, tenderly cared for by her mother, power of speech, and he turned a ghastly, terror- who with maternal intuition had long divined stricken face to Will Martin as he gasped out that her claughtec's affections were centred on hurriedly, "How did you come hero? Did you Will Martin, who now lay—a convicted crinsir.al see it—him? Oh, Will! -it was an accident, I —a condemned felon—in llarchester Gaol. wear! " I On the morrow her naturally robust and "I heard the shot as I was crossing the next buoyant spirit reasserted itself, and Rose crept field, and jumped the hedge. But who is he? downstairs, going about the house quietly, and how did it happen? If it was an accident why do to all outward appbarance in her ususal manner, you run away? " I saying no word to her mother concerning the 'lt is old Rogers. You know Rogers, the overwhelming grief which had so Prostrated her collectorat Feys', the millers. Well, I came on on the previous evening. She asked to see the him suddenly, counting his cash over, in the local paper containing a full account of the lane. -In fun, just to scare the old fool, I made Assize trial, and it was with reluctartee placed a, grab at his bag of gold. DO evidently thought before her. I was a robber of some sort, for he whipped out Glancing kurriedly over the partitulars of the a revolver, and I verily believe he would have chain of evidence so firmly wound around the shot me had I not closed with him, and at- man she loved, she . read, and re-read, one parer tempted to wrest the pistol from his hand. He graph with ever-increasing interest. struggled/ frantically, and somehow the thing Asked whether he had anything to say before went off; and then, with a groan, ho fell for- th s fast dread sentence of the law was oro- ward and lay still." laughter.' " And arc the counters, infletitl, such "Yes, yes! I can understand; but why edid a trial to her? mon leave him and run?" "You may take my word for it 'that they're "Oh. can't you see how awl ully black things the thorn in her gide." said the old lady, nod. would look if aneone had seen me? I must get ding her head imiffessively, "although she does sway out of this. They'll think that the old my nothing about

Jack came and sat down by Neil just tnen, knd she turned to him with dancing eyes. You must give us your opinion of the Misses Fairfax now, Mr. Bradfield," she said. Wo have been designating them bits of mischief and, ell aorta of things." "I always hope their foolishness is only MC account of their extreme youth," said Jack, with

calm superiority. "Very well, sir, you can go," said Nell, in low aside. "The singing . and practising that goes on in that house must be enough to deafen anyone," -said the waspish old lady, smoothing out her knitting, "I couldn't stand their screechinX and thumping for a day if I were "It mud be - frightful," Jack agreed, while Browne' turned off something very like a

- - giggle into a cough. "They're much admired, I hear," pursued the old lady, "and I don't say they've not got good Looks. But what's the good of that if it only; makes them conceited? For my part I'd rather see a plain girl and unassuming than pretty and puffed up with pride." "There, Nell, you see," said Jack, in ark andertone; and then aloud, "Won't you come and have some refreshments, Mm. Browne?" "Thank you, I should like some," said Nell, rising and bowing her adieu to the severe old lady. • Oh, Jack," she said as they went down the rocyn, "wasn't it a miracle I didn't explode with laughter? Isn't she just terror?" " You did seem to be having -rather a rough time of it when I arrived On the scene," he said, laughing, "I almost expected to see you go for the old girl before everyone. But, my word, what a lot of good it ought to do you." "What pretty girls those were you were talk- ing to when I came in!" she said a little later, as she sipped her iced coffee in the refreshment-

room. Jack knit his brows. "Some interfering fool went and introduced me to them," he said. "I suppose you were glad to 'see me ,sticking. my .name down .for a lot of

dances so that I -shotildn't be able to come near you all the evening." "How annoyed you did look l " she said.' laughing at the remembrance. "Suppose you were a man, and the one girl you cared for--" "Do you mean the one in pink, whose fan you were holding?" Nell interrupted, eagerly. "Do tell me about her!"

--"Al-C1 the you cared for was in the, tame room with you all the evening without your being able to speak to her," Jack Went on, in terruption. I deigning to notice her "I should say to myself: 'How this does show . . - .

the contrarine;s of iny nature! Just because there are fifty girls with whom I can dance if P choose and one with whom I can't; I go and make up my mind forthwith that she is the only one I care to dance with and proceed to get huffy with her as if it were all her own doing.' ". "You know it would be just the\ same if the fifty girls were here or at Jericho," he said, in- dignantly. "In the latter case 'we might hear that you had gone on a pilgrimage to tho Holy Land," she said, demurely. "How -can you be so silly," he said, laughing in spite of himself, and then, as the music had begun again, he returned without anything being said.

Nell was rather surprised when, a few minutes later, Ralph Wheatley came over to her and be- gan talking to her a,s she sat watching tho dan- cers. She answered in her most old lady- like manner, and felt distinctly on tenterhooks. ",Do you see any, friend Miss Fairfax any- where?" she asked, primly, after a few. ordinary remarks. had passed between them. .

Don't you see her , standing under the chandelier over there by the piano?" said Ralph, readily. "How the light brings out the red gleams in her golden hair." A thrill of joy ran through Nell'i whole being, but she answered, in her thin voice, "Yo. she has pre_tty hair, but I always think her grey eye, are her best point." "I should never have called them anything but blue," said Ralph, smiling, "but I quit* agree with you.". _

-This was tie right topic as far as he was con- cerned, for he had come to talk to Mrs. Brownei with the vague hope that she might say some- thing which would throw light on Margaret's strange behaviour that evening. He was feelingi sore and perplexed at the cold distance of her manner when he had begun to make his con- fession of love to her, for until then he had read, such encouragement in her eyes as he would never have dared to hope for otherwise. How- ever, his hopes of Mrs. Browne were doomed to, disappointment, her answers were not enlighten- ing, and sha_appeared to be paying very littla attention to the conversation.

So, to her great delight, it was not long befora ho got up and left her, and she was able to gm and catch Margaret, in a moment of' temporar' partnerlessness, by the door. She drew her intu a recess without a word of explanation, and be gan, in a voice of triumph: " Margaret, I was perfectly right and you were wrong. Ralph's been talking to me abou i t your blue eyes and the red gleams n your golden hair, till I almost had to embrace him on dog spot. You will forgive him for thinking there'A red in your hair, won't you, dear--; beca,use he's an artist, and can't help it, and he admires it awfully."

_ "O 1 Nell, I can't believe it," said Margaret, dropping into s. chair, and holding her sister'i hand.

"And, of course, he's only a man, and he calls it done on top when you puff your hair like ai Gibson Girl," said Nell, sententiously. "And so he meant me after all," said Mar- garet, softly, the forced cheerfulness of the even- ing giving way to real smiles and dimples. "Why, /what a little witch you are, Nell, the way you get me out of all my troubles. I shall, have to keep you somewhere very handy irs future in case of need."

"I've not done a bad evening' ,s work," said Nell, smiling. "Who's your next partner; Oh! Ralph himself, I see. Well, get along `Carrots!. *and don't waste your time here talking to met" Margaret walked slowly back into the. room, . .

and at once encountered 'Ralph, who was lookin for her.

"Shall we sit this out?" he asked, delighted to see that'she was her usual gracious self again. "It's very hot, and the barn dance is rather, vigorous.'

"It would be cooler," assented Margaret, and Nell smiled to herself in the privacy of thaF receas.

"Oh ! if you knew how happy I am, Nell,' said Margaret, as they brushed -their hair to- gether that night. "There never could be any- body like Ralph in all the world. I do hope it won't be long before such happiness comas to you, too. Do you know, I think Jack would just do for you!" - "Do you ? " said Nell, 'smiling, her brush poised in mid-air. "I think he is rather nice."

When Jack arrived to call on the Fairfaxes next day, he was informed that Nell was the only person at home, and was straightway ushered into her presence. "I havoc brought back your ring," he said, sit- ting down in a chair beside her.

She held out her hand for it, but he slipped the ring on her little finger himself instead. Even when that was done he did not 'relinquish the' hand. "I'm .going away to-morrow for six months,!". he said. She turned her head away from him, and did not speak. When at last she looked round again her eyes were full of tears. "May I be serious now, Nell?" he asked. "Yes," she whispered softly. And as the six months' travel had been inriita' td purely on her account it never took plemil [THE END.]

THE NEW BEEF TEA-AU-WS. -Prepared solely from Beef and Vegetable. Makes delicious rich gravies or a cup of strong Beef Tea for penny. Ask your grocer.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR HER SAKE.

13? G. EDWARD BEARD.

Authcr of " Nellamay," "The Doctor's Patient," "The Ro na.nco of a Deception," -" The Pro- fessor's Masterpiece,:' "Twenty per Cent.," "In the Merry Xmas Tim" &c.

"No! no! no!" and the girl looked up 4ith flushed face and resolute eyes. "Why will you continually revert to this subject, Mr. Stallard, when I have so repeatedly given you my definite answer? I, have hitherto been pleased to meet you as a friend—l have been grateful to you for all the many kindnesses you have shewn to me and my mother—but I do not love you, and shall never be able to return the affection which you profess for me in the way you wish. Cannot you understand that this is, my final and irrevocable answer?"

The young man, who stood on the other side of the gate over which she was leaning, flashed a look of mingled disappointment and fury at her, as he answered hotly: "I know why you re- fuse me! That mealy-mouthed, non-smoking, teetotal sneak, Martin—my father's bailiff—is your beau ideal! I know a, Rose! You think more of him than you do of me. Goodness knows why; but you do. But, curse him, he shall never marry you!"

"Stay, stay, Mr. Stallard! Hoyt dare you? Mr. Martin has never made Iny profession of more than ordinary friendliness for me—never— and you have no right to couple my name with his in suclv a manner. If he neither smokes nor drinks he has at least a civil tongue in his head, and I don't think he would lower himself by calling you a 'mealy-mouthed sneak.' Good evening, Mr. Stallard "—and the girl turned to- wards the house.

Before she had gone many steps away, his voice again arrested her. "Rose! Misl Isreen! Don't go like that. Don't treat me so coldly. I love you desperately—with my whole heart. I'll do anything you can ask me—anything—to win you. Cannot you give me a little love? Oh! -Rose, if. you only knew how I adore you! With you as my wife everything would be changed. I would settle down on the estate, and be a model husband. You should choose my companions for me. My father would be made the happiest old man alive, and I—with you as my wife, reigning as mistress up at the Hall—life would be to me a dream of delight, and I would make you so happy, Rose, and would strive my hardest to prove worthy of you, dear. Won't you give me just a 'little hope?" - The young man's usually florid face grew pale in the) intensity of his passion, and he gazed with pleading eyes at the little figure that stood on the garden path. She came a step nearer to the gate, regarding him with firmness, not unmixed with pity. "I can never change my mind, Mr. Stallard," she said. "It would be simply cruel and wrong to hold out hopes of what can never be. I am sorry if I wound your feelings, but I can never love you—never; and I have never knowingly encouraged you to think ot me otherwise than as a friend. That is all I can say. And now again geed-night I" and she turned and entered the house.

For some seconds Reuben Stallard stood star* mg at the door through which she had dis- appeared, then, with a dark and angry scowl/ on his otherwise handsome features, he clenched( his fist and hurried away. Left to herself, Rose Kreen, finding her widowed mother asleep in the armchair, Dung herself down on a sofa, and indulged in reflective consideration.

How strangely crooked Fate had made affairs to work in her life. Here was Reuben Stallard— rollicking, loose-lived, rich and handsome Reuben—for ever at her side professing his affec- tion for her, and begging for a little of that love which she knew in her heart was wholly given to Will Martin, the steady, matter-of-fact, busi- ness-like young bailiff on the Hall estate; and he—Will Martin—beyond evincing evident plea- sure in her society had made no sign—given no visible token of an answering emotion. Once or twice she had thought that she had detected a lock in his eyes—but there! he had made no fur- ther advances, and Leap Year though it was, Rose Kreen had too much . pride and maidenly reserve in her nature to make her feelings known un- asked. . . .

And so matters stood. She had again striven to convince Reuben that it was, and ever would be, useless for him to repeat his declarations of love, and Will Martin was silent. Either he feared to risk his fate by an open avowal, or she had been mistaken about those momentary gleams that came into his dark 'yes, and, after all, he had no warmer feeling 'for her than friend- ship. ,Ah I well, time' alone would shew. Any- how, she must ever remain true to her own heart, and to the love that dwelt in secret there. Meanwhile, she had her life to live, her duties to perform, and her mother to comfort and cherish: She would do these loyally and leave the rest to God.

The summer was over, and the tints of autumn were beautifying the woods and hedgerows around. Rose Kreen had seen little of Will Mar- tin of late. Squire Stallard had discovered that in his new overseer he had gained a treasure, the value of which he was appreciating fully as time went on.

The son of well-to-do parents in a distant part of the country, he had accepted his present sub- ordinate position to gain praetical experience of different styles of farming and stock-keeping from those which prevailed in the neighbourhood from which he had come, and bringing a large amount of intelligence and sound common sense ,to bear on all the duties he undertook, he became in- 'valuable to the squire, who entrusted to him the entire supervision of the extensive changes and improvements that lie was having made on his various outlying farms. And so it happened that his time being thus fully occupied he had but seldom met Rose, and if on those rare occasions she had sometimes ven- tured to ,think that his' glances conveyed someL thing more than mere friendly admiration, no word had escaped his lips, and so it was still a matter of mere conjecture on her part—this pos- sible love for which her heart yearned. As for Reuben Stallard, he had apparently taken his last rebuff as final and had not again approached her on the subject.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDNESS

I-..-

Eye Diseases Cured Without Operation' By WILLIAM MELLOR.' he Eminent Eye Specialist and Gold Medallist. He h 55 !already Restored Sight to thousands who were given up Eye Hospitals. If you are Blind and have been pronounce" incurable and condemned to a life of darkness, then DO NOT despair or give up hope until y'ou have had his opinion. V,2lt can have the very best advice procurable FREE OF CHARGE. The knowledgeland skill, and what is more the" great gift to cure that Mr. Mellor possesses is trtilY miraculous. pis is an exceptional treatment, not applied nderstood by the Faculty. He has even given bight to tlw,° that were Born Blind. FREE BOOK ON EYE 'DISEASES - A Valuable Book on the treatment of Eye Diseases, and giving full names and addresses of the people that have , recovered their sight will be presented Free of Charge to sufferer mentioning this paper. Write plainly. W. MELLOR, 168, Oxford Root Manchester.

(

toe anni Ivaß thin The

dnin of fl, Stne Rard thei, one 'Aar

tro,ll/.. lette4 "14 r 1111 ba ,Pq r 4,1 all -,Apa he. h

- oti, nt 111 tr. Th ' (Abwal ?tin, thc, ITec.:! .41. •ods.;. S(') t the 114Trillf 'l3osO • 414 tilt

1

.I'

1,4

0 L. tO.

)

DR. has /p bf inced' NOT yoit

IES. and 'have 0

toad,

===== 0002601_19080822_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH GARDEN

SOCIETY.

Annual Show Opened By Princess

interested in flower culture. Judging from all appear- ances the new departure would be eminently successful. (Applause.) They were deeply indebted to Princess Ludwig for her great kindness in coming amongst them. However hard they poor individuals might work, hew- ever successful their show might be, it was not complete unless it was crowned, as it was that clay, by the presence of some lady of position and title which would give it a (Hip and enable the society to go from better to better. He hoped to see the day when their show would have attained such importance that even her Majesty the Queen might not think it beneath her dignity to come. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Plinstnn also expressed the obligation of the society to Mrs. Lyon and said the secret of the society's success was largely to he found in the encouragement which she gave it. (Applause). The Rev. James Collins seconded and said it gave a great flip to them in Stockton Heath that people quite away from them should come and give them such encouragement as the Princess bad done. Her Serene Highness could not have done better because she had brought them an exceedingly fine day. (Applause.) l'he vote was heartily accorded. Miss Plinston then oreeented a maenificent bouquet to Princess Ludwig and Miss May White handed one to Mrs. Lyon.

Mr:HiCliman in proposing a vote of thanks to the President, said he looked forward to the time when Stockton Heath would be incorporated and Mr. Davies wonld be the first Mayor. (Lunehter and applatr3.) The vote was passed with acclamation. THE Pain LIST.

The following is a list of the prize winners : OUTSIDE EXHIBITS FOR. STOORTON HICATH MEMBERS.

Bulb Garden.-1. W H Woodcock. 40 -Joints; 2. John Myneltyme, 28 ;3, Mrs Arnold 26. Special, E Vernon, 25, and C Plinston, 22. Cottace Garden.-1, E Taylor, 163 paints ; .?, J Moore, 116 ; 3. J W Wright. 92. Flower Garden.-1, R Lyons, 76 pots; W A Tinperly. 37; 3. Cotterill, 35 Hnall Front Garrlon.-1. G Green, GI paints; 2, E nylor, 59 • 3 .1 T Goodli& SI

Back yard Garden.-1, H Lawrence, 47 ; F H Robinson. .9: 3, W E Ray, 33. Back Yard Greenhonse.-1. F Acton, 12 ; 2, J T Goodliffe, 10 ; 3, RI Nrochrie. 9. . _

Grennh.onse7.-:-.1. P CHU 12: 2. W Wartall. 7. Villa Flower Glvien.-1, Mrs Hampsor, /; 2, C. Pllnston, 79 : 3. J Blinston, 72. Wimiorr J Houghton, 11; 2, Mrs Fl Lyons, 10: 3, G. Lloyd. 9.

Creepers.-1, G Whitfield, 10 ; 2, Starkey, 7 ; 3, T Belden. 6.

OUTSIDE EXHIBITS FOR T. kTCHFRED \V fTRINT MEMBERS.

Front Garden —l, Clarke, 20., 2, J Svkv, 15 ; 3 Tunstall, 14. Small Ilsck Garden.-1, Clarke, 30 ; 2, J Vilarbui;:on, 25 : 3. &lee. 23.

Win;low Box or Hanglug Basket.-1, Burgess, 10 ; Mrs. Highsm, 7; 3, Sykes. 5. Allotment Garden.-1, Burgess', 15. rtlsTrm EXHIBITS FOR MEMBERS ONLY.

Group of Plants.-Circalar group, four feet diameter: 1, Peter Cliffe. Window Plants. Begonia : 1, F Langloy ; H Harrop •, S. Mrs. Hargreaves. Double, inschia : 1, J Houghton ; 2, F Langley ; 3, j Gleave. Single fnchsia : 1, E IT Cotterill. Campanula : 1, H Cartwright. Geranium : 3. F Langley. Any other variety : 1, F Langley: 2, E H Cotterill ; 3. Mrs Hargreaves. Foliage plant : 1, G Whitfield ; 2, If Mirror'. Aspidistra : 1 and 2, Mrs L Langley : 3, Mrs Hargreaves. Greenhouse Plants.-British ferns : 4, P Ctiffe 2, F Acton. Exotic ferns : 1. F Acton: 2. Aft Har- greaves. Begonias : 1, .1 Moore; 2, P Cliffe. Two double fuchsias : 1. P Cliffe. Two single fuchsias : 1. Moore ;2. P Cliffs. Two geraniums: L P Cliffe. Two plants. any other variety :- 1, F A Rathbone : 2. F Anton. Two foliage Plants : 1, W Worrell ; 2, A DarbYshire ; 3, P Cliffe. Cot Bloorna (outdoor grown).-Thrca vases of sweet 139:15 : 1. H Lyons ;2, Mrs. Hargreaves; 3, P URN ; hc, W Yarwood. Twelve pansies : 1,3 T Goodlifie 2. E Pollard ; 3, H Harrop. Six asters: I, A J Mottram 2, J Oxen ; 3. W A Timnerlev. Six stocks : 1. J Owen ; 2, J Finlayson ;3, P Cliffs. Six caetns dahlias : 1, J Blinston ; 2, A J Mottram ; 3, J Owen. Four vases of sweet peas : 1, J B Baxter ; 2, G Green; 3, EIT Cotterill. Six pompone dahlias : 1. H Cotterill ;2. E Taylor. Violas : 1, F Langley: 2. 3 Blinston '• 3, F Broady. Antirrhinnms : L W A Timperley ; 2, J Owen ; 3, E Taylor. Collection of cut blooms : 1, P Cliffs ; 2, F A Rathhone ; 3, C Plinston. Six roses: 1, J Blinston ; 2, A j Mottram ; 3, W A Tiroverley. Six carnations : 1, F A Rathhone ; 2, II C Rathbone ; 3, Miss S Broad- bent. Four vases of cot blooms: 1, Harry Lyon ; 2, J Moore : 8. E H Cotterill. Nine vases of sweet Peas : 1, W Yarwood : 2, J Moore ; 3, S :I Woodcock. Twelve roses : L F Broady; 2, J- Blinston. 'Two asters :1, Mrs H Lyon •2, fi Harrop; 3, Mottram. Two stooks : 1, A Shepherd; 2, Mrs Hargreaves ; 3, J W *Wright. Two carnations : 1. H Mochrie 2. E Pollard ; 3, Airs H, Lyon. Two roses : 1, F Langley : 2, H Harrop •. 3, J W Wright. Two cactus dahlias : 1, H Harrop; 2. H Mottram. Two pompone dahlias: 1, J Moore ; 2 H Harrop. Two single dahlias: 1, J Aiyoekyme ; 2, H Mottram; 3, H C Rathbone. Two phlox 1, Mrs H 'Lyon ; 2, E Taylor ; 3. /I Harrop. Two hollyhocks : 1, Mrs II Lyon; 2, E Taylor. Fruit.-Dessert apples: 1, W Reswick ; 2, J Starkey. Colinary apples: 1, \V Beswick ;2, F Moen- field; 3. Mrs Hampson. Gooseberries : 1..1 Moore; 2, E H Cotterill. Blank currants: 1, 5 H Cotterill; 2. F A Rathbone : 3, F Mounfleld. Red currants: 1, F Monnfield ; 2, E Taylor. Baspbeacies : 1, J Astall ; 2. T Brindlev. Any other fruit : 1, E Taylor; 2, Jos. Miller; 3, J W Wright. Vegetables.-Shallots : 1, Jos. Miller: 2, 3 Moore. Autumn onions : 1, H Lyon ; 2, J T Goodliffe ; 3. J Moore. Peas: 1,3 Moore ; 2, P. Cliffe; 3, H ' Fiallard. Runner beans : 1, J Moore ; 2, P Cliffe ; 3, fl j Hopkins. Dwarf beans : 1, 5 II Cotterill • 2, jos. Miller ;3, P Cliffs. Broad beans : 1, Jos. Miller: 2. E. Taylor ; 3, P Cliffs. Red cabbage: 1, J W Wright ; 2, E Taylor ;3, H. Lyon. White cabbage : 1 J Hallows : 2. W Beswick ; 3. H J Hopkins. Cos lettuce: 3, John Miller. Cabbage lettura : L P Cliffe. Red celery : 1, 11. Lyon. White celery : 1, P Cliffe; 2, J Moore: 3, John Miller. Potatoes 1, :I Astall ; 2, 3 W Wright ; 3, 5 Taylor. Carrots : 1, F. Broady ; 2, H J Hopkins ' • 3, P Cliffe. Tomatoes : 1, J Hallows; 2, F A Rathbone; 3, R MookriP. 'Tomato plants : 1, P A Rathbone; 2, R Mochrie: 3, J Colley. Green vegetable-marrows : 1, J Mooro ; 2. 5 ti Cotterill ; 3, J Starkey. Cauliflowers : 1. J Starkey. White turnips : 1, E Cotterill ;2, T. Brindley ; 3, E. Taylor. Leeks : I, J. Finlayson :2, Moore •, 3. Hopkins. Globe beet: 1, W Beswick • 2, J W Wright ; 3. 5 Taylor. Parsnips : 1, P Cliffe ; 2, 3' Hallows ; 3, H Lyon. Spring onions: 1, J Moore: 2, E Taylor; 3. H Lyon; hc, F Broady. Yellow marrows : 2, H Lyons ; 3. Fl Hallard. Long beet : E Taylor; 2, J Starkey ; 3, J Moore. Parsley : 1,3 Moore ; 2,A Shepherd: 3, Jos. Miller. OPEN TO COTTAGERS ONLY. Collection of Vegetables.-Six varieties : 1, Joe. Miller ; 2, J Moore 18, E Taylor. JUVENILE SECTION. Collection of flowers (three varieties) : I, Bertha Owen ; 2, John Barlow; 3, Dorothy Tissington. Window plant : 1, Arthnr Barlow ; 2, Olive Aston ; 3. John Barlow. Box of flowers : 1, John Barlow •, 2, Cyril Graham :3, Arthur Barlow; hc, G A Whitfield. Wild flower bouquet (for children between 1,2 and 15) : 1, Dorothy Tissington •, 2, ThiflV Fawcett ; 3, Cyril Graham ; 4, Olive Acton. Wild flower bouquet (for children under 12) : 1, Arthur Barlow ; 2' Ralph Acton. Small garden plot : ' Bertha Owen 45 marks ;- 2, Dorothy Tissington, 42 ; 3, Rowland Lyon, 40; extra prize, Jessie Bowcock, 33.

FOR LADIES ONLY. Decorated dinner table : 1, Miss E A Hall ; 2, Miss Hallows; 3, Miss E Plinstnn ; b c, Miss Jessie Norbnry. Prettiest nrrenrzed centre-piece for dinner table: 1, Miss Hallows ; 2, Mrs Hargraves ; 3, Miss L Plinston.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Ludwig.

There were great doings at Steckton Heath en Saturday afternoon. The whole village trtrned out O welceme her Serene Highness Princess Ludwig, of Loewenstein-Wertheim, who came to open the seventh annual show of the Garden Society, and the or' sion :Tas generally regarded as a red letter day. Evely- Lning conspired to make the event a complete euccess. The weather was all that could .1,3 desired, the sun 1.,.."1ning brilliantly throughont the afternoen, and IldereDoel Park in which the show held, was "thronged with some 3,000 visitors. The Saciety is 4 2ing a splendid work in encouraging the cultivation a' flowers and plants - one has only te walk through Neekton Heath and view the many pretty Tr,lens, to realize the fad—and as exhibitors sent of their choicest enecimene on Saturday, the show was cne that would have done eredit to any district. With Characteristic enterprise, the Committee had organized „81:";rfs and other amusements to attract the general and the innovation eerved its purpose for never c[,cre has the show been the occasion of such a large Fatiaerinct. There was only one disappointment, the 1'1"h-talked-of cycle parade from Warrington proving a A ' Wo. Large crowds assembled to witness it and '2e3l were rather chagrined when only about a dezen rndaders nut in an appearance. A. mild-looking Red ian, the usual caricatures of the suffragettes, and whose "make-up" , suggested a flg public-house, attracted most attention. 'lna feetnre was the playing ef Crostield'e Band which °Veil the procession and discoursed lively selections. ,",he flower show was held in /several marquees, the tinlbits being arranged with artistic effect. Altogether entries numbered 551 as aasinst 317 last year. duli,.l;he number of exhibits was 96 se against 67. • The .0,13,av of sweet peas was one of the finest ever seen in 'e Warrington district, and the many beautiful '..t.,ari?tiee of these flowers came in for a great deal of euenration. There was keen ccnpetition in this tction for the silver bowl which Lady Greenall had r\rctTerei for the championehin. The trophy fell to Mr. rn. Yarwoocl, who won in a strong class of 16 for vases, Mr. J. Mooee, being second.- Mr. tarrnod'e varieties were those of Dorothy .sckford, "ntllt'("e Sneneer. Mrs. Collier, Mrs. Hardcastle Sykes, tra Unwin. Ellen Lewis. Lard Nelson, George erhert and Mrs. Walter Wright. 1041nnngst rose growers great efforts were nut forth ,n ;via the ailrer bowl presented by Messrs Eustance 1.47 Co. Mr. J. Blinston is to be congratulated on a %earned victory, Mr. A. .T. Mottram being second tne class and Mr. F. Timperley third. Mr. F. wra°arls'. who won- the bowl two years in succession, 8 debarred from oemneting this year. as he is for e41..."11cr twelve months also. but he scored in the class ',twelve roses, beating his rival, Mr. Blinston. ..boiltich taste was shown in the arrangement of the e decnratione which presented a pleasing picture. 14eie E A. Hall was first in the decorated dinner tie 'eg, Mise Hallows second and Miss Plinston Shirley poppies of 'rations hues predominated. I" the "ran eement of table centre-pieces Miss Rallowe Ivnn with sar„.l diselay of sweet r34,rrifii‘lenhaiT fern and Ai3,11 ex. Mrs. Harareevee was second with carnations Th7Ptsophila and Miss L. Plinston third. lievrt neauty of the exhibition was enhanced by tnemral 4ne groups of plants. There was only one feet grow, of foliage and flowering plants, four In ee mameter, and it seenred for Mr. Mcnekytne R cnd Prize. In the gentlemen's gardeners' groups •ot .1„ kat s than six feet in diameter, Mr. F. Baker was . ere vitt' a fine display of plants, the feature of which alv.,re the hydrannlas. some particularly good valsams verbenas'. Mr. John leheTwood's second group lea; notable for its fine fuchsias, gloxinias and icy- eeranianne. seicial mention must be made of numerous 114 t it 1 8 which were not for cnmpeann. Alderman I.4rinn sent a collection of lovely orchids of many vetteties, ferns and palms, and a table of asters and ena.

A Th, THE OPENING CEREMONY. talg ard of 'honour from the Church Lads' Brigade reavn up to await the arrival of Princess Ludwig, Kai; Ithe guest of Mr. And Mrs. Lyon at Appleton hetc;,, Her Serene Highness reached the park early al bhoi'e elaening the show posed for a contingent o "egranhere The oyming ceremony tock place on 6 b • trec,,au -stand. The President (Mr Vera B Davies) ecl- anti in addition to the Princess there were also, 12.1%-ilt Nits Lyon and the following members of her eVisconntess lirerrin. Lady Brooke and Miss "'"+. ltrs ITFsher. Mrs Cornwall Legh. Canon ahrl .oprs Barnett, ltre Juliet. Macdonald. Miss Dorothy Itire,lZ, Mr Lloyd Verney, Major MacDougall, and Mr • The large company also inclnded the Countess ,_tarnford. Lady Enniskillen, the Mayor and Mayoress 11 Warrington (Aldern.an and Mrs Smethurst), the and Mayoress of Salford (Mr and Mrs Pranken. Mr and Mrs .7 j Whitler. Mr and Mrs R IL:nee-Jones. Mrs Vera B Davies, Mr Leonard Davies. st'ria,tl4 IlTr5 fl Davies (Hereford), Mrs Henry Greenall .`1155 GI-penal% Mrs W Peter Rylands. Miss Messy, '.?l,f' and Mrs W Fletcher. Mrs and the Misses Broadbent., Mrs and the Misses %fast., Mr and Mrs F W Oka, Mr and Mrs H Roberts. Mr and Mrs H li/Nltts, Mr and Mrs fTepherd. Miss Waring. Mr Clarke si.T,ia ;lobe Pairhnrst, Mr W H J Jenkins. Mr .TH • Miss Clarke. Mrs WIT Woodcock. Mrs M W Grant, Ilf„ H Fletcher, Mrs Fawcett. Mrs Hudson, Miss 't^n. and the society's officials. Vere Davies said it was his first. pleasing duty to teb`W a most hearty welcome, on behalf of the Stock- lii.o:'eatio Garden Society and all present. to her Serene nacrn',ol Princess Ludwig. who had kindly come to -141 the show. it had always been rather a joke with • btnuliton Heath Garden Society that it was going Itft I'4 , 'eaps and bounds to such an extent that they •al..' be getting her Majesty the Queen' to onen the -"tin', "me day. (Laughter.) Her Serene Highness .tkci,seraa Ludwig had been kind enough to come, and he anit,,int they might certainly expect that the ,Queen be there next. (Laughter.) That was a red dry for the Society in many respects. The sports 37ele parade were an entirely new departure, and hrt,-eflld like to point out that the large number of hftelintfered had not cost the soctety a penny they tecaam.` been giver. (Applause.) The phow itself was a Zaach', in that the entries exceeded last year's by as 50 per cent. (Applanse.) They owed very kirk'? thanks to Messrs. Greenoll. Whitley and Co. for so "7 nllowina them the use of that field again, and to - `TS who had essisted to make that day a great Dia The Society was meant to inculcate a love of thetilot, flowers and gardens, and he would like to remind thstr athletic friends that they must not overlook that Tit D;cvsa the main object of the Society, end although annipent they might think more of their bicycles and ‘.1,11611 they would be getting older shortly and would lAbbb:lPAreciate flowers and gardens all the more. pr. risco LudWig said she was very pleased at being " 4 ,91a °Pen the show. She had deep sympathy with E`cdtWiecla of the society and had much pleasure in 'Lilt the show open. (Applause.) Plinston proposed a vote of thanks to Princesssng.for her kindness in opening the show. Hegel!' Liao tnflttYhad been bold this yelr in making an add% Playt,"„lna attractions in order to secure a "gate.' Lrle large membership of thosewhq were interested qerrib.cr,riwth of flowers and vegetables +had their cards of • ti t, entitled them to free admission to the ulabosLts, shows. It MS therefore an absolute itelf„nitv for the committee to make the society .414t1 b nOurting unless they had some side attractions rou h . t in those 'who were perhaps not so keenly

===== 0002601_19080822_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN TO ALL 'MEMBERS,

Hand bouquet (outdoor flowers and foliage): 1, Miss M Broadbent ; 2. E G White • 3. J Moore ; h c, Mrs Kate Garnett. 'Hand bouquet (indoor flowers); 1, Miss E Plinston. Memorial cross t 1, J Moore. OPEN TO GENTLEMP.N'S GARDENERS ONLY. . _

Twelve roses : 1, T Blesse ; 2, ,F J South ; 3, :r Mathers. Collection of cut flowers : 1, F Baker ; 2, T.

Blease. Sweet peas : 1, j Isherwood •2, F Baker ;3, W Parker.- Table plants : 1, F Baker. 'Stove plants : 1, W Parker ; 2' F J South. Onions : 1, W. Parker ; 2, F Baker ; 3. E Ratcliffe. Collection of vegetables: 1, F Baker ;2, .1 jsherwood ; 3, E Ratcliffe CircOlar group of plants (diameter not less than six feet) : /, E.' Baker ; 2, 3 rsherwood.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Tha Examiner Saturday, August 22, 1908..

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19080822_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN CLASSES.

Hanging basket (nr;ii.O-e-x-cee7l-e-ne foot in diameter): 1, G Whitfield ; 2, W E Ray. Hanging basket (over one foot in diameter) : A Rathbono ; 2, J Owen. Collection of vegetables-: 1, E Ratcliffe ; 2, E H Cotterill ; 3, P Cliffs. Collection of potatoes : 1, J Astall ; 2, Jos. Miller; 3, J W Wright. Collection of vegetables (grown from special seed) : 1, J W Wright; 2 T Brindley 3, E Taylor. Peas: 1, P Cliffe ; 2, J Starkey ; 3, A J Mottrarn.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
FANCY DRESS PARADE.

The marshals of the parade which left the \Warrington Town Hall at 2 30 were Messrs. Booth, Litton, Morris, Pickarance and R tbbit. and the judges Menrs. J. Critchley and C. H. Wood. The Prizes were awarded as follows :—Neatest lady's turnout, Miss Mabel Green- halgh ' • neatest gentlemen's turnout, Mr. Harry Trevor; most humorous turnout, Messrs. George Hamer and H. Barnes, tandem suffragettes ; best girl'g turnout, Miss Kennedy; bast boy's turnout, Master Battersby, Boy Blue.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SPORTS AND FETE.

The sports held during the afternoon and evening were well contested and were watched with great interest by a large crowd. The following were the results :—Boys' championship.: 1, J H Caldwell ; 2, F Bayley ; 3, J McTntyre. Boys in fancy dress flat race: 1, WT Llewelyn ;2, T O'Siel. Girls' skipping rope race for members' children : 1, M , Crane ; 2, Thora 111cDermia. Egg and spoon race : l, Leslie ; 2, E F Cliffe. Cycle slow race: 1, Leslie; 2, Welsby ; 3, Lake. Place kick. Rugby: 1 H Berry ; 2, Welsbv. Boys' Flag squadron race : 1, Excelsior teem ; 2, St. James' "A." Tug-of-war : 1, Allen's', Team ; 2, Crosfield.

An excellent gymnastic display was also given by a team from Crosfleld's, under the direction of Mr J Mellor. The sport officials were':—Jmiges, Messrs J Babbitt, j Harvey, J Poclmore and W Litton ; startfw, Mr E Pickavance ; stewards, Messrs A Booth and G Platt ; marksman, Mr A Booth: clerk of the course, Mr E Morris.

The side shows were well patronized. 'They were in charge of the following :—Alpine railway, Mr Hudson and Messrs A b Kenworthy, Alfred Mellor and H Crosby; swing boats, Mr. McDermid and Messrs J G Piddnek,RllDaintith and T D Amos ; coacoanut shies, Mr Hallows and Messrs W W Whittle and R Finlayson; Aunt Sally stalls, Mr Evans and Mnssrs T E Amos, H Newall and A Tinsley Football kicker, Mr teach and Mr W Whittle, jun. ; atr4nn shooters, Mr Watson and Messrs C Roscoe, W W Whittle and F Bennion • and guessing comperltion, Mr White and young 71ad, assist Lea.

Capital -musical progiammes were submitted lay Cros- flald's band (conducted b, Mr G FI Bedforth) add the society's orchestra (conducted by Mr W E Fay). The whole of the officials worked most energetically for the success of the fete, and special praise is due to Mr C Plinston as chairman and bon. treasnrer, and to Mr A Fawcett as hon. secretsrv. The following com- prise the committee :--liess.a C Plinston '(chairman), W Ft Woodcock (vice-chairnan), F Broady, F Baker, S Eiden, IV II Evans, J H Fletcher, A IV Grant, J Hallows, W Hickmar, 0 Hudson. W Leach, H Lawrence, j Moore, J MoDermid, J Mynekyme, J Owen, E Pickavatice, W i 3 Roberts, W Skelton, F Timperley, W A Timperley, E Vernon, B G White and D E Watson; hon. secretary, Mr A Fawcett ; and assistant hon. secretary, W Downs.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE YOU THIN? Increase your weizht ilb ner week AND GAIN STRENGTH AND NERVE FORCE.

Dr. Cassell's Tablet§ will, if von are thin, increase your weight 11b. per week, revitalize the nerves, and invigorate and strengthen the whole body. They can be taken by stout people also without fear of increase of adinuse tivue, owing to their extraordinary power of ahsorbing superfluous fat and converting it into blood, hone. mcscle, and healthy flesh. Mr. W. C. Shadwell, 17, Woodrow Terrale, Forest- rar.d, Melksham, Wilts., writes :—" I was exceptionally, fill's, owing to weakness of the dige"tive systsm, end suNered from weak stomach and constipation. My weight before commencing Dr. C.,ssell's Tablets MIS just over 9 stone ; in thres weeks I had incrersed and could enjoy my food better than for ye as. I continued for four months, and now a complete cure has been elfected. I now weigh 10 stone 2 lbs., yid do not feel the slighte'st trace of indigestion." Dr. Cassell's Tablets only cost 10d. : larger sizes is. 134. and 2s. 94., of all chemists, and are a csrtain cure for nerve and physicil exhaustion.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Resignation of Mr. S. Davies.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhonse on Wednesday, the Rev.T.R. Matthews presiding. There were also present :—Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Sirunsor. Miss Broadbent, Dr. Mitrray, Messrs. G. Mather. J. Billinge, W. Gill, W. C. Brooks, W. Houghton, W. Flanagan, J. Cook, J. Ball, A. Brooks, R. L. Bent. T. Ritchie, R. Forshaw9 A. Bottomley (clerk), R. W. Peacock (arlistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate Cottage Homes).

===== 0002601_19080822_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
VAGRANCY PROBLEM.

At a meeting of the House Committee the recom- mendations of the Tnter-County Committee on N 'Agronoy were considered. 1e chief proposal is that a mid-day meal of bread and cheese shall be provided at certain stations for unemployed who are on tramp. The House Committee recommended the Board to approve the suggestions of the Tnter-County Committoe end join in the scheme proposed to be c-ried out.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
NRIV ROMAN C&THOTTC.CHAPLAN AT PADGAIA.

_ The Roman Catholic Bishop of Liverpool wrote, in reply to a communication from the Board. suggesting the appointment of the Rev. F Walnialey, of St. Peter's Woolst6n, as Roman Catholic chaplain at Paiigate Cottage Homes in succession to the Rev. Father Allen Mr. BEST gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that the Rev. F. Walmsley be appointed at a salary of £lO per arum,

===== 0002601_19080822_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF MR. S. DAVIES.

Mr. James B. Das:es wrote on iaehalf—ni his father (Mr. Samuel Davies) tendering his resignation as a member of the Board of Gsardians for Howley Ward. The CLERK said resignations should be sent direct to the Local Govetament Board but it was hardly neres- sat), in this case, es after that day (Wednesday) Mr. Davies's time would expile, he having been absent continuously for six months. The last mesting he attended wis on February 10th. He (Mr. Bottomley) wrote asking Mr. Davies to attend that day's meeting or, if his absence were due to illness to forward a mediol cartificate, but instead Mr. Davies sent in his resigna- tion. Seeing that Mr. Davies wished to retire he (the clerk) suggested that the Bo"-d should allow his time of office to lay le. This was agreed to. A QUESTION OF ITAVALITY. _

The CLERK sai;i he had received a letter from the Town Clerk of Warrington with referenco to the -case of Mary E. Tompkinson. The girl was committsd to Holy Trinity fndestrial School, Liverpool, on the order of two magistrates. She was at the time of her cAmmittal an inmate of the Cottage Homes at Padgate. For a long time the police authorities had paid the bill for the girl's maintenance at Liverpool, but recently the Corporation sent the bill to the Guardians stating that they had been paying it in error and requesting the Board to undertake payment. TbeTckaa Clerknow wrote pointing ont that the Local Government Board would he prepared to grant an application by the Guardians for permission to repay the money, and he therefore formally asked the Board to apply for such sanction. The letter was referred to the House Committee.

The Warrington Free Churches. We learn that the Warrington Free Church Council is inaugurating a series of meetings for the purpose of expounding the plinciples of the Fiee Churches and also to revive an actiNe and zealous spirit in the social work among the people of the tot; n. The Council are asking for the co-oueration of the vat:ous churches in the work and it is intended to hold a meeting during the coming winter months in each church in Warring. ton and district which is attached to the Council..

RICH AND POOR When the rich are ill, they go to- w Continental spas or watering- , places, and sometimes get better. When men and women of moderate means are ill, they suffer, wish for rest, and go on working. tf HiGo on working with an aching head, a fearful sense of weak- ness, no appetite, depressing and haunting kars of breakdown. Sometimes they are so ill that they ca* hardly stand up to their work. 3:(

gly,„ Mother Seigel's Syrup means DO rest for the weary body by lightening its heaviest effort— digestion. Helps the stomach, tones the liver, improves the whole.digestive process—in fact, gives the overworked, body a real holiday.

Wother Seigel's Syrup is now also prepared m Taismig aS Mother Scigel's Syrup Tablets, rrice as, 94, _

•

===== 0002601_19080822_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BISHOP'S SISTER-IN- LAW.

BY MRS. WILLIE STEVENSON,. • Author of "A- Candle Lamp Adventure," &a.

The Bishop sat sunning himself on the bal- cony. What a beautiful scene lay before him—the blue Mediterranean! Where is i there sea so cerulean, or land where one can feel so thoroughly idle as the South of is belle France? The exhilarating rays of sun and sea, in mid:winter, had had the tonic effect that the Bishop's doctor had promised. By the end of next week he would be in the midst of his beloved diocesan work once more. I Meantime—but his reveries were inter- rupted by the entrance of Nora Vining, his I charming sister-in-law. She was buttoning I the last button of %dainty pair of gloves. In answer to his inquiring glance, ," I am just going for a drive with Mr. and Mrs. Black," she said. "Tell Margaret I shall be back in time for dinner."

A few minutes after the Bishop's wife ap- peared on the balcony. "Nora has gone for a drive with Mr.. and Mrs. Black, my dear." "I hope they will -not drive to Monte Carlo," said the Bishop's wife.

"Why not, my dear?" It is the most lovely drive about here." . •

Mrs'. G— did not answer. She was glad her husband was of an entirely unsuspicious nature. She knew full well that this lively sister of hers did not feel bound by all the environments of a Bishop. "You are the Bishop's wife, dear old Margaret—Rot I. You will not be held accountable for what / do," she was wont to say when remonstrated with. about some rather harum-scarum pro- ceeding. Mrs. G— had an uneasy feeling that if Nora came in the neighbourhood of the Casino without the restraining presence of the Bish9p she would enter therein. , Meantime Nora, with Mr. and Mrs. Black, had driven off, as Mrs. G— rightly guessed, to Monte •Carlo.

" I am glad you are going to Monte Carlo. You will take me to the Casino, will you, not, Mrs. Black?" said Nora, in her most per- suasive tones.

"We always go to the gardens to hear the music. Ido not think we must take her in the Casino itself. What do you say, George?" said Mrs. Black to her husband.

"Well, my dear, my difficulty is to keep you out of the Casino when we go to Monte Carlo."

Nora clapped her hands, and exclaimed, "Oh, hqw lovely! What would the Bishop and Margaret say if they only knew! You will not tell them will you, Mr. 131ack? It is so terribly humdrum, having a Bishop for a brother-in-law. We have been two whole months here, and have only driven through Monte Carlo. To be in the Riviera, without going to the Casino at Monte Carlo is like going to Genoa without seeing its palaces, or to Venice without going in a gondola, or— oh dear! what shall I say;" and Nora stopped for breath. . She was on the point of saying "without seeing St. Mark's," but pulled up in time, thinking it not quite A propos.

"But yeu will net tell the Bishdp, will you, Mr. Black?" said she again, anxiously.

"We shall have to be careful it does not slip out some time," said he, teasing, her. The drive was superb. Nora chatted gaily all the way. Arrived at the Casino, Mr. Black led his, wife and Nora into the Sallee de Jeu. Nora felt considerable qualms of conscience, as she noticed the free-and-easy way in which people went backwards and forwards through the •doore. Supposing the Bishop's sister-in-law were recognised. Sho would not like to reflect any discredit on her brother-in-law, of whose unworldliness she was secretly rather proud. Through the doors they passed, and were soon in one of the Salles de Jeu. What a gay scene it was, with the flashing jewels, the brilliant costumes of the women and men walking -up and down the spacious hall! A few moral reflections .rushed through her mind. Not much use coming here when your money was spent. HA- , sad that young Mr. J—at their hotel had lost his money gaming here, and had thrown •himself from the rocks close by. But she' wes in no mood to give such thoughts as these house-room, and, guided by Mr. Black, she made her way to one of the 'tables. Around, were seated those possessed with the gambler's passion. Among the gay outer throng she caught sight of a most curiously-dressed young man. Surely an Englishman, and a gentleman by his bearing. And yeti And yet! Such a costume! Light tweed coat and waistcoat; navy-blue trousers. Was ever Englishman abroad in such garb before? For, a moment she was convulsed with -laughter. She was about to draw Mrs. Black's attention to the odd •costume, when his eyes- were arrested by hers. Noting her amusement, his, too, answered back full of merriment. In no mood for even a flirtation' of the eyes, in such a place, and with such a being, the Bishop's sister-in-law drew herself up haugh- tily, and proceeded to watch the game.

After a little time, Nora cried- excitedly, "Mr. Black, do put this on for me!" at the same time handing him a five.frane piece. "I must try what it is like for my- self." '

Though no gamester, Mr. Black -held a sort of happy-go-lucky theory that pleasure was one thing, duty another. He divided his in- come into two parts—so much for duty, ,so much' for pleasure. If a portion of pleasure money were spent on gambling, why not? He could stop in time. He dii not stay to reflect on the effect such a' course might have on a less phlegmatic nature than his own, and moss particularly on one so impulsive as Nora. He put the money down for her; and again and again she won, until even he thought she had .had enough, and managed to draw her away. As they were getting into the , carriage, Nora's attention was arrested by that pecu- liar young man watching them again. ' There was . something fascinating about him. - Had he pawned his clothes, she .wondered. He must be short of money to be dressed so. "Perhaps my gain was his loss," thought Nora, conscience already beginning, to prick, now that she was away from the gambling atmosphere. -

_ Mr. Black's inward voice must also have been at work, for on the drive home he said, Misi-.Ncra, if I promise you not to tell the Bishop, will you -give me a promise?" "What is it? " "That you never play again." by? ' • "Because it is most dangerous for a be- ginner to win as you hate eon." "I can readily premise.. We start for home the day after to-morrow, and I am not likely to be in the neighbourhood, of a casino for years and years. Basides, when I think of poor Mr. ,J— I feel I shall never •,-ant to 'play any More." Curious that Mr. J---'s suicide had not produced this effect earlier.

"Whatever shall I do with this money? I shall feel wicked, I know, in the presence of that brother-in-law of mine, until I get rid of it. I have a brilliant idea. I will have a farewell tea party at K—'s restaurant to- morrow. You will come, Mrs. Black, will you not? and. -Mr. Black? and I will ask the Bishop and Margaret. Dop't tell the Bishop where the money has come from!" said she once more, as she got out of the carriage. "Don't forget your promise to ,me," said Mr, Black, as she ran up ' the steps of the hotel.

In the garden of K—'s restaurant next day, a merry party were sitting at bee. The conversation was kept as much as possible on people staying at the hotel, or on home topics. The drive of yesterday was avoided by the common consent of three of the party, at least. The genial Bishop was, as usual, first-rate raconteur, and had an attentive audience. tie en3oyea ins tea, remarking afterwards to his wife that " Nora's coal shares must be doing well. She would insiet on treating us all to that itimptuoui tek:k

Mrs. 03, kept her own counsel. Nil did she ever inquire where and how Nora hat spent the afternoon with Mr. and Mrs. Black.

As for Nora, she had been looking about most of the time for the oddly-dressed young man. But she saw him no more. Next day they started for home.

"Dean Martin and his son are coming to lunch to-day, Nora," said, Mrs. G—, a. Nora was going out one morning, some • months after their visit to the Riviera.

I will be home in

"All right, Margaret. good time," said Nora. Guests were constantly coming and going at the Bishop's Palace. When Nora came into the drawing-room, before lunch, all aglow from a game of hockey in which she had just been taking part, she was intro- duced to Dean Martin and his son Jack. The latter, it appeared, was recently home from walking the hospitals. Dean Martin himself had only lived in the dioceSe a few months. As she acknowledged the introduc- tion, Nora was annoyed to see Jack Martin's eyes full of merry laughter. What cause was there for amusement? And yet! Where had she seen those eyes before? She moved away to a far window.,, He fol- lAed her to admire the view.

"Yes, is it not lovely from here?" she said, in answer to his comment. "Rather a different style from what we saw when we met before,' said he. "Met before ! Where have We met? ". sra Nora, somewhat haughtily. "At Monte Carlo."

" Hush !>, said Nora, turning very pale. "Then you are the curiously-dressed English. man I noticed there. We must talk about this in the garden after lunch, but not a word at lunch. No one here knows I have been to Monte Carlo," said she, hurriedly, in a low voice, as they went into the dining. room.

During lunch, Nora was absorbed in her own thoughts. What manner of man was this Jack Martin? Ho • looked handsome and gentlemanly enough now. But the son of a Dean, to be seen at Monte Carlo, in bor- rowed clothes ! They must have been bor- rowed. He must be a gambler; and yet he seemed rather nice. Did his father know, she wondered. She thought not; for in the midst of her _abstraction she overheard the Dean speaking in quite confidential tones to the Bishop of the splendid position in the medical world that had just been offered to his son. Jack was engaged in conversation with Margaret at the other end of the table. Then Nora reflected on her own sins, as she tried to picture, what Jack's impression of the Bishop's sister-in-law putting money on the gaming table had been. All things come to those who wait. At last the lunch was over. All turned involun- tarily to the open window, and so out into the garden. Nora said to her sister, " Shall I shew Mr. Martin through the green- houses?"

" Certainly," said Mrs. G—. "Come back in time for coffee. We shall have it on the lawn." As soon as they were out of hearing, Nora turn rea to Mr. Martin, and said in the severest tones she could command, "Now tell me how the son of a Dean came to be at Monte Carlo." "May I asit how the sister-in-law of a Bishop was seen to be gaming at the same place?" • "Hush ! Don't say that," said Nora, pleadingly. "I would not have the Bishop know for worlds."

Nora, in common with the rest of man- kind, shared the belief that "two blacks ought to make a white." She therefore preferred to keep the conversation on the re- flection of Jack's sins (which must be the greater), rather than turn the microscope on her own. Her visit to Monte Carlo would not have been in vain if, by acting father confessor to this nice young man, she could turn him from his wicked gambling ways. 'You must have lost all your money to have been in those borrowed clothes," she said, with the air of a Mentor. • "Borrowed clothes ! " laughed 'Jack, heartily. "They were not borrowed; they were my own. I have them yet. They are historic. I am thinking of presenting them to the local museum. One of the most ex- pensive suits I ever had!" "I suppose you mean they were expensive because you lost so much meney at the table," said Nora. _

"Is that worse than to have won money as I saw somebody doing?" Nora coloured. "Perhaps not. But • you did look funny. I wish I had taken a snap- shot of you," she said, laughing. "Supposing I have taken a snap-shot of you ? " said he. "How cruel! No you haven't." "Yes I have. I had my hand camera with me. I took a photo, just as you were getting into the carriage. You remember you got, in from the far side. Here it is." And from his pocket he pulled out, somewhat shyly, a dainty leather case, containing a photo of herself. Now, when a woman rinds that a man has been carrying her photo about in his pocket for months, unknown to herself, she naturally feels that he is a man of some discrimination •and taste. Her heart warms to him abeordingly. Nora dropped the severe tone she had felt proper to , assume with this young gambler, and said, softly, "Tell me all about it." - "I will, after you have told me how you came to be at Monte Carlo."

Nora related her story as briefly as she could. How she had longed to go, whenever they had driven through the place. The fact of her relationship to the Bishop made the longing all the greater. She dare not mention it to her own folks. She described how Mr. and Mrs. Black, who were friends she had made at the hotel, took her for a drive, and consented to chaperon her in the Casino. 'When there, she could not resist pitting money on the tables. Then she told how, catching his eye, she feared from his odd dress that he must have, lost heavily; and, after, that, she had made a solemn vow never to gamble for even the smallest sum again. You will promise me, will you not, to do the same?" said she, earnestly turning to him.

1"I am sorry to refuse you anything. But -I am afraid I cannot."

"Why not? " said • Nora, , beginning t• freeze again._

"Because I have never begun to gamble yet:" _ _

• What were you doing at Monte Carle, then, in such a guise?" At this moment, a maid came towards them, with a message from Mrs. G—, say- ing that the coffee was getting cold. As soon as Jack had finished his coffee, Dean Martin rose to go. Jack had perforce to make his adieus too.

Nora stamped her little foot impatiently. Just to leave the story in its most exciting part. It was too tantalising! In shakint hands with Jack she contrived to whisper, "I must see you again. Call to-morrow at 3.30." •

ivtith them for a month. At the end of that time I was going on to San Reino and Genoa, intending to make my way up home through the Italian Lakes and Switzerland. "I registered my luggage, and sent it on to San Remo. This being done, I found I Could spare three or four hours at Monte Carlo, on the way, and have a look in at the Casino. I knew that all one had to do was to present one's card at the entrance. This I accordingly did. was about to • pass through the doors, when it was politely ex- plained in French, by the door-keeper, point- ing to my stockings and knickerbockers—for I was wearing a golfing suit—that Monsieur's costume was not comme ii faut, and could not be allowed to pass. "Highly amused at what seemed an ab- surd barrier, I repaired to the one and only tailor in the place. To him I explained my difficulty. He happened to have just one suit, which a young Englishman had ordered and left on his hands. He wanted an exor- bitant price for it. Finally hoping I should see nobody who knew me, and not caring to be beaten in my desire to see the Casino, I bought the nether garments. The result of dark blue below and light tweed above was scarcely a happy combination, as you know. "Changed from a respectable being into a sort of glorified tramp, they allowed me to pass into the gilded saloon, now that my nether garments were the prescribed length. "I was soon nauseated with what I saw. The passion for gambling, the clutching of coins, Faites votre jeu, Mesdames et Mes- sieurs,' had no attraction for me, and I was coming away, when suddenly I caught your eye, and noticed how amused you were at my costume. "Then I saw you hand your five-franc piece to your friends, and the fascination the play was having for you. I recognised you , immediately. I had seen you once in church here. at home before you left for France. We came to this neighbourhood about a month previous to the Bishop's. illness. "More from mischief than anything else, I took a snap-shot of you, thinking how I would surprise you when we met here, as I knew we were bound to do sooner or later. "And now, Nora, I have a confession to . . . .

make. Having had' the photograph with me all these months, I have grown to love the original. lam not the first man to fall in love with a photo. But now I want to have the original always with me. Tell me, is there any chance for a man who means to make his way in the medical world.? It would be so good for me, to have somebody always with me to keep me from gambling, and to set me so excellent an example in the matter," said he, mischievously. "If you will never mention Monte Carlo or breathe the faintest hint as to where you took the photo, there might be a chance some day," said Nora, pensively. "Then why not now?" said Jack, ee took her little hand in his. Azid Nora did not pull it away, / - rrins END.I

===== 0002601_19080822_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
111.

Punctually at 3.30 Jack arrived, to Sad Nora in the garden. The Bishop and Mrs. G— had gone out, as Nora had surmised in making the arrangement with Jack... .. _

"The clothes! The clothes!" said Nora, tragically. "Tell me the tale at once. Begin in the middle, anywhere, only do get it all finished before the Bishop and Mar- garet come in." "I wish I had some long yarn to tell you about a fellow running off with my posses- sions, and then throwing himself from the rock, with a gallant rescue by Jack Martin I can see you are expecting something tragic !" said Jack. "Do go on with your story! I believe it is so bad you are afraid to tell me." "I am sorry to have to relate the simplest little comedy possible. Let me see, the hero of a comedy is the fool, is he not? I must have looked the character to perfection." Nora's dancing eyes acquiesced. Shs po- litely refrained from saying anything. "You must know," said Jack, "I passed my final medical exam. last December. It was a jolly stiff cram for it. I was rather seedy after. The doctor ordered me to take a rest in the Riviera. Some friends who have a villa at Hyeres invited me to stay

L

!",

:,,0kw00ta4,4407i

===== 0002601_19080822_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPULSORY SERVICE. -- Straight Talk by Admiral Sir Cyprian Bridge.

Admiral Sir Cyprian Bridge writes to the "Times " on the question of compulsory service. Ile says that the more closely conscription or compulsory service is examined the more out-of-date and incompatible with modern conditions it will be found. It dates back to a period earlier than that of the immense growth of city populations. As a mere administrative measure for facilitating the work of raising men for defence forces it once had advantages. These were more apparent and the defects were less easily seen when the process of converting communities which were mainly agricultural into communities which were largely " industrial " had not gone very far. When people were scattered tn. small 'separate bodies over a large extent of territory unprovided with the means of rapid communication—which was the condition of Con- tinental Europe at the time—rigid rules of enlistment lightened the recruiters' labours considerably. This justification, such as it was, disappeared when great masses of men were concentrated in cities. The policy of adhering to a.system which takes absolutely no note of a vast revolution in economic conditions has little to recommend it. It is no wonder that SYMPTOMS OF IMPATIENCE regarding compulsory service are to be perceived in all the great military States of Europe. The violent " anti-militarism," occasional outbreaks of which in France and Italy are reported in English newspapers, indicates this impatience in an extreme form. It shows itself also in quieter ways. One of these is the gradu- ally successful effort to reduce the period of compulsory 1"colour service." Dissatisfaction with the German military system accounts largely for the three and a quarter millions of Socialist votes cast at the last general election for the Reichstag. The truth is that the urban democracy—the urban proletariat if you will—has discovered the arcanom imperii, the real secret of the modern military empire. It is 010, if you force men to serve you need pay them only in pence, whereas if you get them to serve voluntarily you must count their pay in shillings. This makes compulsory service extremely agreeable to the well-to-do or "comfortable class." It saves its pocket, to begin with. It is instructive to see how carefully in the 'conscription countries the members of this class guard themselves against the provisions of the com- pulsory service laws which may cause them incon- venience. It is reasonable to believe that many, or indeed, most, thoughtful officers in the great European military States see that

COMPOSORY SERVICE IS OUT OP DATE and incompatible with modern conditions, and that its abolition is slimly, if not rapidly approaching. That it will be adhered to long after it had better be given up is certain. That is the case with many instrtutiods. Compulsory service may be easy to adopt: it is very difficult to get rid of. There will. always be people personally interested in defending and trying to main- tam it. being able, months or years ahead, to tell pretty exactly how many men you can count on does make more agreeable the lives of the worthy gentlemen who instead of serving with the troops or at sea, sit at desks in Ministries of War and Ministries of Marine. The defence of an Empire ought, surely, not be made to turn upon their theory of a quiet life. It has been alleged that the mere fact of compulsion being legalised woald 1111 the ranks without ever putting It into practical operation. This is disproved by our own experience and that of Continental States. The press-gang was, and indeed still is, part of the law of the land.

POINTS OF AGREE:UFA:T. Bearing in mind the eminence of some of those who approve, or at least indirectly lend their support to, the agitation in favour of compulsory service, it is pleasant to think that there are points on which agree- ment with them is possible. These would be the following. It is the duty of everyone to defend his c auntry. Some foreigners hate and envy us so much that they will atteck us as soon as they believe they can do so with success. We must be prepared for this, and be prepared in good time. To be efficient the preparation must comprise proper organisation and training of the men likely to be called upon to take an active part in the defence of the country. I respectfnlly assert that there is no evidence that the people of this country have been reluctant to come forward to defend it. All available evidence tends to establish the con- trarg. It is true that on particular occasions they have come forward later than was desirable. That, however, wasnot their fault ; but the fault of those who omitted to summon them in time. Something very different from compulsory service will be required to rectify want of foresight in a Government Those who take the least favourable view of their fellow-countrymen's courage and patriotism may admit that Englishmen can be got to fight for their homes when danger is visible and near ; but at the same time will assert that nothing short of legal compulsion can make them prepare—that is, submit to training in advance. The entirely sufficient answer to this is that proper measures have not been taken. Men rarely do anything without a motive. If the motive is provided there need be little fear as to the Englishman's prepar- ing himself betimes to meet any enemy that can pluck up courage to attack us. We have got to make it worth the average man's while to undergo a course of training in time of peace. The argument that, because by force of law a portion of a man's wealth is taken from him as taxes, and his children are made to go to school, compulsion to serve in the ranks is admissible, needs little notice. It could be easily disposed of. Let the advocates of conacriptinn—call it by what name they will—understand that, if they succeed in their agitation, they will ruin the recruiting system of the British Nary, which every Continental State longs to have; and that they will gain no compensating advantage to set against that disastrous result.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
STRIKING POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking displaon Hoardings and walls. JOHN • WALKER & CO., Bewsey St., Warrington.

"'4•

===== 0002601_19080822_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHER ALMOST GAVE UP HOPE

Of Curing Her Baby's Terrible Itch— ing, Burning Eczema—lt Spread Over Head, Body, and Limbs— Could Get but Temporary Relief Until Cured by Cuticura.

"CUTICURA DESERVES THE WORLD'S PRAISE"

- .4I feel it my duty to write concerning the wonderful cure of my child. Eczema broke out at first -.-.----,-._-'"--,- on his head and gaL ~,z,Al,4„c, face and then on the body and • ..;;:a ' chiefly the joints 10 ,%„ip ?efgst.heHeawrmsas noathd ing but a mass of , - !i\ sores, itching and 'c' 11111.1"a' burning, and per- mitting no rest for ' 4 \ s • him or me, night ---:' \,_or day. I tried all ,ff-- i\' manner of °int- , - N. , kii ments and medi- cines, he has been under doctor's treat- ment for nine months, and in the hos- pital five weeks, but all to no purpose with the exception of temporarily reliev- ing the suffering. I was almost driven to distraction. I did not know what to do and had almost given up hope- of ever getting a cure. Then my mother entreated me to try Cuticura. Two boxes of Cuticura Ointment Nand two tablets of Cuticura Soap effected a mar- velous cure. Those who saw him before using Cuticura and after can scarcely believe it is OF; same child. They say Cuticura deserves the world's praise. I cannot express my appreciation; words fail me, and you may depend i that, wherever there s an opportunity, I shall recommend Cuticura. Mrs. Lizzie Hardwicke, 1, Pearson St., Brierley Hill, Staffs., July 26, 1907."

Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- curs Book on Treatment of Skin Diseases.

A single treatment consisting of awarm bath with Cuticura Soap, gentle appli- cation of Cuticura Ointment, and mild dose of Cuticura Pills, is often suffi- cient to afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure of torturing, disfiguring eczemas, rashes. itchings, irritations, and inflammations of the skin and scalp, from infancy to age, when all else fails.

Cutleum Remedies are Sold throuchout the world. Depots: London. 27, Charterhouse Sq.: Paris, 5. Roy de is Pals: Australia, R. Towns & Co., Sydas" Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props

RATS AND MICE. DANYSZ VIRUS kills Rats and Mice.

HARMLESS TO OTHER ANIMALS. , A NORTIIIVICH TESTIMONIAL. From Mn. J. A. COWLEY, Clerk to the Urban District Council.

Council Offices, Northwicb, Jane 13th, 1906. 'The Danysz Virus you sent has been tried with most excellent results. (Signed) J. ARTHUR COWLEY.

1 tube 25.; 3 tubes 55.; per dozen 18s. ; post free fro= DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., (B°l 52 LEADENHALL STREET LONDON, LC..

And of all Chetnl;ts.

MERRYWEATRER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION

-- County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements.

_ Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

r.FOR THE 'goo 13 THE. LIFE."

-/ DODDS \\.s; . ie` • KID NEY Do- sr Oct 1-1 lIT DIC Pislio • AsETEs•—..OOI64V THE DODDS Mogt, 23, FARRoI- r 4.-• LoND°

===== 0002601_19080822_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
U.I,tRiCfSBLOODMI),(TURf

SiitaWesi

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE ,MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBINCI AND SOON CORES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens aryl Removes all harcl callosities on the soles of the feet, If von safer try a box, you will. never regret it.

Boxes Mi. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham!

ASTHMA Apply for pampllbt W Ike ASTHMA CURE SYNDICATE. 76 rINSM-11Y PAVEMENT', Le:s DON, V.O.

CLARKE'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, In eltb• r sex, all acquired for constitutional diesbirges from tt e Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back. Yrs. from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 46. SO. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throcatis - on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. This Lin coin and Midland' Counties Drug Company, Llnoolas.— &dvt. . _ _

--••• To tdonescas.—Mrs. Wistsiow's Soothing Syrup has been tised for over fifty years by millions of mothers far their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the eland from pain and the little cherub awakes "a. bright as a butte& . ot all Chemists Is. 10.—Advt.,

veder

===== 0002601_19080822_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
/Pr t eranuntr gotrtes ON WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES 1- 11,111 WARRINGTON MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. published every Saturday morning. The principaj sad the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington. StocktoA Beath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lynam, &c., being 'anent the Largest and Bast Weekly Papers in Lance- d:lore and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- p rlses a la,ge trading and agricultural tract in South Lancs.- a e and Mil-Cheshire. RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town OM District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES EXAMINER published every Saturday .1 morning. Widnes contatns the largest number of Chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rims ERLBSTON AND NEWTON, EXAMINER. 1. published every Sat-it-fay morning. he Largest Local Pane: containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows. Golborne. Havdock. Lowton, &a. The district thus ic.nnrisd ti a moat important part of the Lancashire coal- fields.

-Tag ST. lISLEISIS EX A.MINER. pnbllshed every Saturday noornlnz, circnlatlnx In St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton. Peasley Crolll. ite --the centre of the Glass, Chemlza and Watch Trades of the Klngdono.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APAITMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMBNTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE qOLT). AR TICLES LOST. MISCELLA'NEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Rix Thirteen /fords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 13 ... Os. ed. ... Is. 33. ... is. Od. ... 3s. 93. 27 ... Os. 93. ... Is. 103. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Cd. 38 ... 11. Od. ... Es. 63. ... 4s. Od. ... B. 03. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... ss, Od. ... 7a. Od. M... Is. EA. ... 3s. 8. ... 6s. Od. ... 108. Od.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Domettft berhantsC etc.

WADI TRD goo 4 GRNBRAL.—AppIy CONSERVATIVE CLUE. Railway rd., Leigh.

WANT HD, OBNECRAT., IR, Protestarit ; good theraeter First astance. —2l. Geocic ST.. Bootle. -

WVANTED at once smart GENI3.RA LS. —HOWARD'S S ELECT RFOISTRY. 35, Rochlele rcL. Harpnrhey. Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL tiEsvANr.—RWIN WITH TWO NSCI9 HOTEL, Olitham rd., Roluistle,

-I-, AN TBD, MINIMAL SEgVANT ; gcrd borne for suit- VTab:e girl.—Apply 151 re. WILLMOTH, 11, North Cliff it., Preston.

IR-TASTED aIII3t7RUAE. ; able to wash ; family ot three. VT —Apply Miss RICHARDSTS, The Cottage, BOOthIItOWI2, near Manchester.

WANTED experienced GENERAL ; no washing. 3 in family; good wages to a reliable glrl.-53, B/82BANK ST., Southport.

WANTED. good GEN 17 SHAL SER4.NT, for Farrohouse, —Apply Mrs. JoHN TAYLOR, JUN., Moss House Farm. Glazebury, near Manchester.

WANU TED, SITUATION in the country as HOUSE- KEEPER (middle-aged); to working man; widower preferred.-9, HERBERT ST., Burnley.

NVASTRO a good GENERAL ; family of three ; age 25 to 33 ; abstainer ; state wages, full particulars, with references.—Emmx, 129, Hampton rd., eouthport,

WANTBD, SIBNKRAL, experienced; good cook ; small family; no washing; help given ' • £2O-E24 ; good references required; no registry.-1, PARK CBEECENT, Southport.

BOUSEICHRPSR seeks SITUATION. or would give services fore rofortable home ; small wsge ; good cook and manager ; 2 years' refirence.—A., 20, Jack it., Ardwick, :Manchester.

WANTED immediately, strong healthy women to train as Cottage Nurses. Training free. EmOoycoent, p.rmanent —Apply Miss BROADWGOD, Denison House, Victoria, London.

IvA ryoßu scelnodc-ivi;l:iitnrese.OeiOriviVenat,trizzz,enkisuauniedmmaiadnsy, superior Generala.—Mrs. EEADS' SELECT REGisTsr, liusholme, Manchester.

WAFITRD Immediately, Superior, Capable SERVANTS. Good wages. Stamp for reply. Good references essential. Full particulars from Mrs. CAMERON, Servants' Registry, 55, Raven Meols-lane, Formby, near Liverpool.

NIBS. BAILEY, Registry, Wilmslow, wants immediately ILL good Cooks for A/derley Bdge and Wilmslow. EZ6 ; Plain Cooks and Housemaid-Waitresses for Didsbury, Swinton, Stockport, Cheadle. Houselaundry Maids and Generals.

Ar RS. PhESTOß.—Progressive SBRVANTb' AGENCY .1 44, CHARLES ST., Blackpool. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Telephote 637.

OtOla ears,Cpetes, Carriageo, etc

_ Q PLENDID OYOLIG FOR Sa.LB.—APPIV Dr. LISTore, 0 6, Academy it., WarriagtOn.

EW Cycle-eovere,3s. : tube3,2s. 3d. ; tested; port free. .1.1 —GARAGE, 9, Hamilton X ewe, Highbury, London.

310T,00,130-aod TC10: d ToOrdt ple,(;fdeiCet ;i3 igr Vent!! 1150eaotr o6ffer24 hPport. hesi ?Ark.

AN SAMS, Light Four Wheeled DO(* CAR. fitted with pole, bar, shaft, lamps, and luggage baaket ; condition as new : owner no further use.—WALKER, Central Coach Works, Friargate, Preston,

nycLw—Ladies. no rubbish, great bargain, Magnificent CYCLIS, Highest Grade Coventry Machine ; Perfectly new, not soiled, only ridden a few times ; Clincher tyres, silver-plated rims, genuine Crabbe roller lever brakes, back and front, Perry's ball free wheel. highest finish, beautiful model, all accessories, lamr, bell, bag, spanner, oil-can; no use to owner. Sacrifice E 4 10s., worth double. Approval before cash sent. —HATA aTUCILEY, Oak Villa," Clarendon rd.. Weston-super-Mare.

COVFITTRY CYCLB —Most marvellous bargain ever offered : Gent's tigh-grade 1903 Cycle : absolutely as new; ball-bearing, free-wheel, two roller lever rim-brakes, silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyres (not soiled), beautifully enamelled, lined and plated, mudguards, and all accessories complete; cash urgently required; will sacrifice for £3l2s. 6cl approv:r before cash sent,—T. kIimBAND, 3), Alma at., W as ton-uper-Mare.

CYCLE, marvellous sacrifice; two-speed gear, Clincher tyres, magnificent machine, not soiled or scratched. silver-plated rims, beautifully lined, mud guarde, two genuine roller lever Crabbe brakes, plated gas lamp, and all other accessories ; Coventry machine and practically new ; approval willingly, half carriage paid ; private owner; bargain, lowest, £5 IN.—G. ELACRMORE, 8, Osford at., Weston-super-Mare.

(VICLE -Marvellous sacrifice. Gent's New 1907 MAC HINE %...) highest grade, fitted with Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes, the very latest. Ferry's bail-bearing free wheel, plated rims coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame, mudguards ; magnificent machine, not soiled ; complete with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, ete. ; £4 2s. 60. ; great bargain, worth double. %ill send on approval any distance before cash stmt.—M. HOUSE, St. Madge, Pitman rd., Weston-super-Mare.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
floustsS anb E anb on 'alt.

WITHIN Four Miles of Norwich, and one mile from station, a Charming Cottage Residence for sale, con- taining entrance ball, 2 sitting rooms. 3 bedrooms, bath- room, and usual offices. stabling, and about 2 acres of gardens and paddock ; gravel sib-soil; good water ; healthy position.—Domn, Plumstead 3.fegns, Norwich.

CIRBAPHST LAND in GLOUCBSTBELSHIRB (large and small lots) 1 and 3 miles of etatlons, near market towns ; ;'me of the beat barley and sheep land in the country. euitable for dairy, poultry and fruit ; and for bunga- lows and country house sites ; four small freehold', about 59, 67, 80 and 117 acres respectively, prices varying from £9OO to £1,600. Also 9 other lots of pasture and arable, various areas, from about 1') acres to 33t, acres, prices from £1.75 to £475 each; long road frontages in most cases. Particulars of Mr. C. F. BENSTED, Fors Bridge, Chedworth, near Cheltenham.

ItitsellancousS, On &ales', etc.

RTIFICIAL TEETH from le. a taoth.-31oBLET, John ti it., Portheawl, S. Wales.

VALUABLE Books for sale, cheap. Write for list.—A. V RVEIBELL, Hulob, Langport, Somerset.

STAMP 3 —Collection, SCO cliderent. 3e. 3d. 533 dupliottee, le. ld.—LEteiHrok, 141 Second, Manor Park.

ILIARTHQU Mai. —Motor delivery yin, £55. Motor btu, .E. 4 £45, going order.—PE3l3EL, Hemel Hempstead.

HANDPAINTED X•nal Greeting Cards.-- nook 83. postage 6s. 8i E COM.-7 BATTENBLRG. RD., Let...eStet. LIGG PLUSI3. 601 b. ss. 63.. new hamper inoludsd. (lash wi.h order.—CoLtUrs, Portockiend FArm,Sdalvern.

F.IIIIIIGN STAMPi.—fiirceilent set,3Jdi/erent specimens poet free, 3.I.—'WEBB, fiosehlll rd., Wandsworth.

PPBillheais, Cards, Postcards, ss. 63. ; sample lOO, lg. 63, post tree.—Knsear, Wadhurst.

J3ULB3 lir Bale, cheap; Ihub;e Virhites, Pheasant Eyes, Ornatut, lui p.—SOUTIME• VICAEIIOF, Wisbech.

DHONOGRAPH Records, sample half- lozen 33. 9d. dozen 63. 31 , carriage pdi.—Fl-13, 47, Whithy Terrace,York.

I. •D.—C:earing Line. • A rmv Razors, Is. 6d. each carriage free.—B.(l.B.Co.,22,Beech Grove,Bradford SECM] r ',lacing information, ce:tain profits.—Write for particulars.— MONTAGUE, ICO,Dorset rd..Clapham,Lond.

I3USINIiSd SUITS made to measure, 2mr.—Write for patterns " TAtiontola C 0.." Faller's Yarmouth.

frAPESVORMS expelled in few h)ars.—Partioulnr, testi- i moniale free.—BrosoN, Box 100, Matlock st,Nottinghlin

ANAGRAMS L. 0. eta. Winning Spealais 6d.eacb, 3, la TAYLOR, 8, Panda, Arna's Vale, Brialingtan, Brieto,.

/I AtIO PRIISBRVER !—SAres cobbler's bills. Water- proof shoes. Sample bottle is. 3d.—WOOLLEY, Eruce rd., Wealdstone.

VORRIGN STABIPS.—Try my approvil sheets. Speciality. Good value for money.—BALL, 81 Ildollliett it., Dudley rd., Birtnlngham.

1/6—GRAND VALUEO, Army Eaz,ra 61. each, . carriage free.— BRADFJED GENERAL SuPPLr—Co , 23, Beech Grove, Bradford.

DIINT, 56 lbg. Good Brown Paint resily for use 9s. 6d. carriage paid. Cash with order.-I).sva LTD., Maguire it., Paint Mille, Liverpool.

y ADY'S Solid ,Gold Keyless Watch, warranted 5 years ; 1.1 nearly new ; cost 505., take 30s. or first cffer.—SETAr• 77, Festing rd., Putney.

MOTOR-)ASCOT.—Good luck Talismans.—From 38. to 258. Esplanatory circular 63.—MOSTAIGY, 65, rue Blanche, Paris. France.

OTOR•CAR JOURNAL, every Friday, Id. Best medium I for Sale, Purchase, or Exchange of Cars, Sold by all bookstalls and newsagents.

CIiiILDHEIV3 LUSH PIN &P•JRiI ;2, 3 f 2..; EA3les Pinafores, white, light, or dark print, Is. 31. Pte free.--114.17, Shirley st., Hove.

VIOLINISTS wanted to try my pci 1 string: six V 3-length strings, is. 7d.—HOLM VLJLIN DEPJT, Portland st, east Kirkby, Notts.

DOST Free Postcards P. 0. D. 2s. Ed. ; LSeittaning Ss. 6d. 1 100 • - once used always used; samples six stamp..— Cherntat, Tunbridge Wells.

BBAUTIFUL DRERSILIN RUGS, 48. 113. each. Large LP white Long-wool fiugs,6B. 11d. each. Splendid value.— JONE 9, Post Office, Blidulph, Co ogleton.

r 11.) BUTLERS & OTHBRS.—PIate repaired and re-plated. .1 Lowest terms.—l..all Cr write W. B. F., Silversmiths, 1, Richmond Buildings, Soho, London.

64P lt3f tree. Sand eAnrioUr TonHe.lll,lßßlSma,nElLh, how eboreutart. ICI, Richmond rd , Cardiff. Ratablished 1579.

D RILLIANT, relile, ecanocalcil Gas 31 tnt lee, 2s. 6d. doz , inverted Zs. 6d. past tree; special term s tor botele, public offices .—NEwerm's, 160, Hriggate, Leeds.

rrBA-TABLB DISLICACY. —Three rich spmge sandwiches, 1. apricot. lemon, and raspberry. In cardboard isca, post tee, Is.—Conecres Cake Bakeries, Birmingham.

ATUU CAN SAVE MONEY.-13e convinc ed by sending for 1. patterns (free) of Gentlemen's Mack intosh Coats to HENRI BROUGHTON. Waterproof Specialist, Rochdale. BRURAL LIME LIGHT LAN TERN. complete Sheet Frame stan i, 4 lenses, 1 pair c.)st £l5, His lot ER).— Further particultrs ARCH SMITH, Ntewsley, Middlesex.

1 / STROPAX.—Post free ; all who like easy shays. / Will last years, with instructions. Buying Agents wanted.—ltesug•AoruniNn Co., Z'on House, Plymouth.

LL Picture Postcard Collecton shcald send for a ' Presto' Bracl,et Frame. Artisilc novelty. 58.5 d , post free.—lrmir, 17 Marley rd., Leveasbulrne, Mancheater.

ISIBRULLAS.—SpeciaI lines, with silver or goll-plated 1.._) mounts. Ladies', 51. 6d. ; gents'. 6. 61. Carriage Satisfact on'guaranteed--HARDY. 59.Qaeen's rd..3lanchester.

Wnot have your inventions pstented free ? We sell them and take commission on sale. Send for Nil particulars to W. H. ALLEN OL CoN, 235:High Holborn, W.C.

ffitstrllaneous, en %pate, etc.

VISITING OARDS.—Name and Address 50, 1.; 100, V is. 6d.—PEDDER, 5, Billington rd., London.

A RUMS.—Cheap to clear. Three-ye ar-old crowns 46. 6. _L-1 doz. carriage paid, cash with order.—Gnovz PARK BUlpEllf, Lee, S.I.

eDuration.

f?orgess. Borfs, Elbe 5.-&torft Srt.

LION SL,Seven PULL'S I'S and. Cock,Nolden Wyandattes 12 1907 birds, 255. the lot.-174, NEW ST., Blsekrod, near Charley.

I OVBLY Norfolk Crossbred CHICKBN3 for Backyard or LA Farmyard, month 125., three 18s. dozen. Cash, numercus testimonials. WILLIIM9, Poultry Yard, Beeston, Bwaff ham.

.011 BALL—Choice of two good 00133, 14 and 15 bands, 6 and 8 years, botn gool drivers and very qniet in every way; pass all road nuisances.-346, Noitnivranza RD., Sale.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
E 0 be Ett.

PIOXIITH.—COTTAGES, 2e. Ed.. and b. 6d., per week. MILL STEBBT. OFFICHS,ground floor. Also upper rocms. SHOP, 35,PINNHRS BROW, 7s. 63 per. week. 2 Storey high WARHHOUSB,BURNT STRICZT, off Sankey Street, £l6 per year. CHORLEY STUBBY, rent 4s. 6d. STCCKTOS HICATH.-20, Bedford-3treet, rent £l9 10s, Apply ROBERT LoWrc, &date Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War neon. Telephone—No 55.

rilO LEiT.—House. Leigh Villas, Kauteford rd., Reat £l6. J.. —Apply, ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappeahall.

TO TAT 17, FOLLY LANE.—Appiy WOODS a SOS Solicitor". Horiemarket Street, Warrington.

rru LET.-0000 HOUSF, Hopwood-street; 3 be& 1 rooms : rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND Sox, Solicitors, Ziorsemarket St

Illatrtmong

PROFESSIONAL Photographer, tall an d dark., desires marriage, lady R ith meana.—laimtrixE, Beach Studio, Cromer.

FRIVATH MATSIMOSIAL BUREAU.—SerId 6d. for list of genuine clients (under cover) ; highest references. —C. WILLIAMS, 19e.. Netherfield rd., South, Liverp3ol.

'lf ATEIBIONIAL POST and FASHIORABLB MAUI AGB ADVBRTlSES.—Bstablished half a century; 15,0C0 marriages arranged. Larger than all the Matrimonial Agencies in the world combined. Sealed envelope 5d., with circular 90.--BDITOR doom W. s,), 12. Trafalgar Buildings. Northumberland Avenue, LAidon,W.V. Distance Immaterial

SLBEPLIISSNESS Cuzed without drugs. Famous recipe 7g. Under distinguished petronage.—Ling. SUTTON ot CO. (Dept. H.)18, Mate'aing• Avenue, Seven Kings.

PaLli LADIE3 I PALB LADIES: I PALE LADIES !!! 1) OSH BLOOM, a Perfectly Harmless Liquid Prepare- -Lt. Hon, Imparts a Natural Rosy Tint to Pale Complexions. Acts as a tonic to skin, effecting a marvellous permanent improvement. Post free (plain wrapper), Is. P.O.— Madame RozKLLY, 80 etapleton rd.,Topting,London,S.W •

TV London one or two Freehold COTTAGES with gardens; London rd. district (Stockton Hecth) preferred ; state lowest priee.—Address ILL., "Examiner 'OfSce, Warrington.

VACANCIES IN HIGH-OLASS POSMONS are not V always easy to fill. That is why many welt-known firms who require men of Special Ability engage us as the Employment Department of their businesses—in many cases upon a yearly retainer. We have alwaye positions open for really High-Grade men—men with more than an ordinary amount of ability, technical or otherwise, and we are always pleased to hear from men wl:t3 are capable of filling such positions. If you area man of Special Ability and your remr4 ie good, write us to—day.—HAP(loooB, LTD., (Registered In guernsey) 24A, Barton Arcade, Deansgate, Manchester.

The Chief Liberal Whip, LIBERAL Mr. J. A. PEASE, has ORGANISATION. informed a correspondent that he is taking counsel with Lord MARCIIIIILEY and Captain CECIL NORTON as to the better organisation of London constitueuces. This is in consequence of the loss of the late Sir RANnALORBITER'S seat at Haggerston, where it was found that though the Conserbative candidate had been nursing the constituency for years past absolutely nothing had been done to keep the Liberal vote together. Nothing could have saved the seat at ifaggerston under the circumstances. Had the Liberal candidate polled a great many more votes than had ever before been recorded for Liberalism in that division of London, he would still have been left far behind, in conse- quence of the candidature of Mr. HERBERT BURROWS. Nevertheless, had, the Liberal forces been organised, it is highly improbable that Mr. RUPERT GUINNE3S would have gone to Parliament with a clear majority of the recorded votes behind him. The late Member for Haggeraton had no intention of again submitting himself for election. He therefore paid no attention to the register or to the Liberal organisation in the borough. Every- thing was permitted to drift, and as Sir RA.NDAL CREMER'S death came rather suddenly and quite unexpectedly there was no opportunity of recover-

ing lost ground. What the revelation of such a state of things emphasises is the fact that there are many other constituencies in which just the same process of drifting is going on. In Lord Mmiciumunv we recognise My. GEORGE WHITELEY, who was the predecessor of Mr. PEASE at the Whip Office. kird MARCHAMLEY represented the Pudsey Division of Yorkshire, and as Chief Whip he was the centre of Liberal organisation in the country; yet it turned out that Pudsey had been as much neglected as Haggerston afterwards proved to be, a fact which, if it had become known at an esrlier time, might have stood in the way of Mr. WHITELEY'S elevation to the House of Lords. It is wrong, we admit, to expect a sitting Member to find the means for keeping the party organisation thoroughly efficient. There are some Members who cannot do this because they have not the means at their disposal. It does, however, seem the clear duty of every Member either to do this work himself or to see that it is done by others. Neglect of the register is invariably fatal in the long run. It has only to be prolonged for year after year to ensure the I loss of the seat.

Mr. PEASE seems to us to be taking the proper course in regard to London. There is to be some overlooking of the constituencies from the head- quarters in Parliament-street. This is a policy which, we believe, might be extended to the whole country. We should not advocate any inter- ference in constituences where the party organisa- tion is being kept up as it should be. Members who are doing their duty in the matter, or who support local organisations that are really alive, might justly resent any intrusion from head- quarters; but undoubtedly the party Whips ought to know whether a constituency is organised or not, and, beyond this, ought to be prepared for action of some sort where there has been con- spicuous or dangerous neglect. For such a purpose they might enter into alliance with the National Liberal Federation, a body whose 'activities are not so apparent as, perhaps, they might be. If the Federation were to make it a part of its business to keep an oversight on party organisation throughout the whole country, supplying some stimulus where it was clearly needed, and securing help where that was neces- sary, it would be performing a service of the utmost value to Liberalism. There could, at any rate, be no more surprises like those of Pudsey and Haggerston. The condition of the party machine would at least be known in the proper quarter, and steps could then be taken to make it reasonably efficient. As matters stand, organisa- tion is almost certain to be neglected in all those cases where a Member does not intend again to ,stand for election, or where he is looking for promotion to "another place."

We are sure that very COUNCILLOR STOTT'S general regret will be felt in DEPA.RTURE. Warrington at the departure of Councillor Stott, J.P., to the far-distant colony of New Zealand. During the last fi.ve years, or more, he has been the lead- ing local representative of Labour and Socialism, and as such has attained considerable prominence It is as a Labour delegate to the Trades Council and the Town Council that Councillor S:ott has been best known, and in this capacity he has done a large amount of self-sacrificing work, the full value of which cannot be estimated. The interests of Labour as a policy and of the workers as a class, have been advanced to an uncommon degree by Councillor Stott's untiring efforts. The bulk of the progress has been made since he entered the Town Council, less than five years ago, and some of the advan- tages which he has secured for the workingmen of the town must inevitably be looked upon in the future as a birthright to be jealously guarded. Councillor Stott has always been conspicuous for level•headedness aud moderation, two qualities as invaluable as they are rare among agitators who spring from the masses to positions of trust and influence. We feel sure ke will find himself in congenial surroundings when once he gets to the advanced and rising colony of New Zealand. There is ample scope there for men of his type, and we can wish him nothing better than that he will find plenty of work to his hand, and the health and strength with which to carry it out.

Mr. John Maginn has Tim LITE MR. passed from our midst with Joxx Mkamr. startling suddenness. Few men were better known in Warrington, and a wide circle of friends will sadly miss the cheery, go-ahead Irishman who rose from the smallest beginnings to a position of authority and influence in our public life. "John Maginn," as he was usually termed in a familiar and friendly way, was not a man without faults, but he knew his failings and had the strength to avoid them. He was first and foremost and typically an Irishman—a man of large presence, loud voice,and big heart. What he set his hand to he strove with might and main to accomplish. Else he had remained a small man in a small circle. John Maginn resolved to go into the Town Council— and he got there by methods peculiarly his own. His famous "Kiddies' picnic " was open to question as an electioneering move, but it was a stroke of genius, and it was a grand thing for " the kiddies." Once in the Council, Mr. Maginn showed himself to be a fearless advocate of right against might. No man in Warrington ever espoused more vigorously the cause of the people against the brewers. He challenged some of the most cherished privileges of the latter, and had he been spared we have no doubt that he would have succeeded in a pet project of much importance, i.e.—the re-adjustment of public - house assessments in Warrington. So recently as the spring of this year Mr. Maginn threw himself with characteristic energy into the fight for the Licensing Bill, though oven then his health was in a precarious state and he was sacrificing, possibly, life itself. It was a source of regret to all who know him that John Maginn visibly weakened under the ravages of his complaint but none anticipated that the end would be so tragic. Though not a Warringtonian, the deceased gentle- man gave place to none in his love for the town of his adoption, and Warrington may,with justice, acclaim him one of the worthiest of her citizens.

IWe are all proud of the Tin: INFIRMARY. fact that Warrington now possesses an Infirmary thoroughly worthy cf the town, but an additional responsibility rests upon the townspeople to provide the funds necessary for the maintenance of the enlarged buildings. The Workingmen's Infirmary Committee have taken a commendable move in the matter by issuing an appeal to employees of the town and neighbourhood to increase the amount of their contributions. It is pointed out that the hospital is almost entirely dependent upon voluntary contributions. The necessary expendi- ture will, it is estimated, average £4,500 a year, whilst the assured income from invest- ments is only £B5O. There are 80 beds at present available for in-patients. During 1907 the in-patients treated numbered 547; out- patients, 3,390; home patients, 1,322; acci- dents and emergencies, 4,037; operations, 273. The Workingmen's Committee have done nobly in the past and hope to do still better in the future. The surest way of raising adequate funds would be to adopt a system of periodical contributions of a specified amount in all works. We believe this is already done in some establishments, but the method is far from general, and if all would adopt it the gain would be enormous and the Infirmary management would be relieved of considerable lanxiety as to ways and means.

We hardly think that Mr. Ma, W. P. RYLAND3 W. P. Rylands is to be con- ON IMPJILT3. gratnlated upon his latest excursion into the thorny path of the fiscal controversy. Speaking at Sankey he gave the Primrose Leaguers to understand that the German imports of manufactured articles are very much less than our own. 31a spoke of them as being worth only £55,000,000. Apparently, Mr. Rylands is unaware that the German classi- fication of manufactures is very different from our own, and that when onr Board of Trade classified our manufactured articles imported in the same way as German imports of the same kind, the latter came out at nearly £100,000,000 a year. As a matter of fact, the latest figures for imparts of manufactures by the three leading commercial nations are as follows: America is the largest importer of manufactured articles with £133,000,000 per annum ; the United Kingdom comes next with £128,000,000 per annum, and Germany a close third with £97,000,000 per annum. If then, high tariffs do not keep out manufactures, it would be interesting to kaow what Mr.Rylands thinks would be the effect on British imports of manufactures of the trumpery 10 per cent duty which Mr. Chamberlain proposed at Glasgow. ' Mr. Rylands also indulged in some reflections upon imports of raw materials, and was easily able to show that the 85,000,000 people of the United States and 60,000,000 people of Germany had , considerably increased their imports of raw materials in recent years. It is a fact which we decline to deplore. As for the British importa- tion of raw materials the record is an entirely satisfactory one. We notice that Mr. Rylands brings his record down to 1902. We submit the following table which measures the growth of British imports of raw materials by quantities in 20 years.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteb.

BOOK DEBTS PURCHASED, meta down.—W. JAcrcsoN, 36, Crosfiald it. Warrington.

vANTED, a Emart YOUNCir LADY as Interviewer.— Bnx " Fxaminer " OM:T. Warrineton.

ArIiTHRIAARY 617.1ifdliON requires employment, would I look after livery yard.—S., 27, Qrarry rd , Hastings.

THE SELF-HELP TEA COMPAISY.—Agente wanted.- 1. Apply Moss, 83 Snowsfieldff, Newcomen at., S.E.

DRIVATE LADY telsbes to buy genuine Pearls, also real Diamonds,-53, LANCLSTER RD., Hampstead, London.

WATIW Charge Mental Case, lady nr gent, experienced respectabTe couple. anywhere.-7,H ERD MIT ST. Burnley.

W ANTED, AGENTS for Live Stock and In-to%l Mare V Insurance,MANArisk,MidgAte Charnbers,Peterborouh

CSOSFIRLD'3 SOAP VPRAPIrRIiS BXOEIANGED. WILLIAM PrAwics, 21, Butterrnarket et, Warrington.

ITIOOD HOMH for two children, moderate tern:la.—Mrs. BOTHREN, C/0 Post Office, Hawkwell. Hockey, Essex. O_llOOM Coachman ; ride, drive : five years army; 1 and 1i years' references : married.—PIEIILLIPS, Market place, Altrinclians.

PRIVATH XMAS CARDS, Agents wanted for " Welsh Art " series ; amaziog commission . —JENK Brisgstocire rd., Bristol.

A MATRUH VOOALlSTS.—COmpetition (free) engege- IX went, ; particulars ; stamps ; distance immaterial,— EIETZ, 12, Herbrand st., W.C. ENERGETIC MEN wanted to stert a money-making business at tteir own homes.—Write F. A. Coo Pea, 9, Ring Henry st., London, N. WANTED Employment as Uhauffeur by young married - mm, competent mechanlc, able to do all replica.— JOSEPH MEDCY, 25, Ulverston rd., Sheffield.

WANTED ASIINTS, Warrington district, Salary and commis/1k to experienced men.—Applv UNITED PROVIDENT ABSURiNCE Do., 153. Duke ot., Liverpool.

GARDICIVISIt SINGLH, eeaka situation single-handed, life experience inside and out, handy men; good refer- e nee..—Apply CRILGO, 22, Victoria at., Gosport, Hants.

oontv

T 'S PROMISSORY NOTES, Debts, Bcught ; any district; cash down; full value.—SMITH, BAILEY, AND CO. LTD , 38, Church-street, Liverpcol.

3nvefstments, A'bare.

DRLAY is Dangerous.-3d. weekly secures £26 sickness cc accident.—Write 88 Thorpe rd., Norwich.

viray BR POOR —EI produces monthly profits. No Yl' risk. If in dlfli3ulUu write.—Hoißes, 2. Princeton at.. London, W.O.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTS OF fIAW MITEILIALS INTO THE UNITED

Indiarubber Bristles

KINGDOM FOR HOME CONSUMPTION.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
1887 1907 c vts. 121,000 319,000 lbs. .2,397,000 .4,140,900

cwts. 13;382;000 18;364;900

tons 1,400;900 17,,!

cwts 280,000 tons 57 000

15,000 46,000 602,000 639,000

3,7.59,000 7,633:000

===== 0002601_19080822_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Guttapercha cwts. Hides cwts.

Leather

fr-o-n-_-0- r- a

Tin Ore

Tin crude Zinc

9^9'000

) 000

'3lOOOO 89,000

, , Cotton seeds tons 276,000 758,000 Paper materials tons 340,000 891,000 Paper cwts 1,692,000 8,741,000 Iron S; copper pyrites tons 597,000 769,000 Stone and marble tons 373,000 1,201,000 Timber _ loads . 5,654,000 9,622,000

Furniture woods tons 95,000 260,000 Wool, hair, etc. includi3g home-grown wool lb s 514,600,000 850,300,000

Surely this is an entirely satistactory record: It does not spell either the commercial ruin or the unemployment Mr. Rylands suggested. We should like to know whether Mr. Rylands thinks the record would be improved by our adoption of the Dingley Tariff, which taxes heavily the imports of nearly every important raw material of industry ?

In the course, of a manly

MR. CAMERON letter to the "Times" ML:.. CORBETT M.P., AND Cameron CJThett, MP. for THE LICENSING BILL. the Tradeston Division of

Glasgow, severs his allegi- ance to the Conservative party, which he has represented in the House for 22 years. Mr. Corbett says: "I feel that I aria now in a false position in sitting among the opponents of a Government with whose temperance policy the brightest hopes of the future are bound up." Temperance reformers will readily admit that Mr. Corbett has done yeoman service to their cause throughout the fight for the Licensing Bill, but the letter he has just penned deals the shrewdest blow of all at the enemy. He adds "I find it difficult to listen with patience to the statement that it is an imposture to claim that the Government Bill is a temperance measure, knowing as I do that it is supported by all the organisations which exist for the promotion of temperance in this country." We would that a few more Unionist M.P.'s were half as candid. Too many of them oppose the Government 8,11 because it is a Government Bill and not because they doubt that it will lessen drinking and pro- mote temperance. Political honesty is a somewhat rare jewel, and consequently always hailed with delight when discovered. If Mr. Cameron Corbett forfeits the confidence of his constituents we shall be surprised. • Tney know a man when they see one in Scotland. Witness Dundee !

===== 0002601_19080822_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The gardens at the Beamont Council school are j ust now looking at their best and are evidence that a real love of the beautiful is being inculcated in the scholars, who, along with their teachers, are to be congratulated upon their success as gardeners. * * *

The number of local magistrates has this week been reduced by two,owing to the death of Mr. John Magi= and the departure of Councillor Stott. There are at least half-a-dozen candidates for honours. Perhaps the Lord Chancellor may now be induced to extend the list for Warrington. * * *

Councillor Stott, J.P. sails for New Zealand to-day. His friends are already saying that they expect him to emulate " Dick "Seddon of St. Helens and rise to the Premiership of the colony. Councillor Stott has promised to keep in touch with" Examiner" readers by occasional letters on social matters as he finds them in New Zealand. * *

In another column we publish a list of new works Which have been started in England since the passing of the new Patents Act. The foreigners have now to manufacture on the spot, and a further transference of capital and employment to this country is certain. The Warrington Towns Committee has been formed in the "nick of time," but so far it has not met. The members will not have to let the grass grow under their feet if they are to attract new industries to Warrington. * *

Like most great men, Sir John Brunner has a capacity for taking note of small things. In a letter to the " Westminster Gazette" he remarks :—" I was lately told by Professor Sir Robert Boyce, F.R.S., of the Liverpool University, that there would be one- fiftieth of the usual number of flies in Liverpool this year, as a result of the action of the Committee, guided by Mr. Newstead's report. Mr. Newstead I hope, soon to be appointed Professor of Economic Entomology. Verily, the old country is waking up !"

===== 0002601_19080822_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
** *

Another individual of less renown has _also shown an uncommon interest in the house-fly. In this case the popular pest was made use of. The facts wore related at Belfast on Tuesday, when a Iv oman accused her husband of meannesss stating that he actually put a fly in the sugar, and covered up the bowl so as to detect her if she took a spoonful out. We should imagine that the sweetness of this poor woman's life was a trifle fly-blown. * *

Supporters of the Licensing Bill will profit by a close study of the remarkable proceedings at the annual meeting of Messrs. Guinness and Co. on Saturday. The profits shown were £1,242,000, and a dividend of 27 per cent. was paid for the year. Moreover, it was proposed to absorb the reserves accumulated from past years by issuing new stock to the ordinary shareholders in the proportion of one share for every abate held. That is a bonus of 100 per cent. In Dublin, at any rate, it will be difficult to make an appeal for pity for the sorrows of the poor brewer. * * *

- The death of Mr. T. R. Shepherd removed a figure from the Warrington streets which has been familiar for generations. It is something like 30 years since Mr. Shepherd retired from his profession as a solicitor and scores of people knew him by sight who had no idea who he was. The aged, bent, old-world figure of the deceased gentleman was a familiar sight in Bewsey-street. He used to walk quietly along with his hands clasped in front of him in an attitude of meditation or prayer. He might easily have passed for a Dickens character and certainly seemed to belong to another century.

One cannot help wondering what our ancestors of a century ago, if they could revisit the earth, would think of the leviathan ships which the White Star Company proposes to build next year, with their 860 ft. of length and their tonnage of 45,000-50,000. When, in the year 1800, the French built a vessel " of most extraordinari'size," 172 ft. long, and of 2,850 tons, she was pronounced to bs "entirely unfit for service, arid hath never been out of harbour." " And the Spaniards are said," to quote a contemporary writer, " to have built one still larger • but on sending this unwieldy monster to sea, they 'found that she must have been lost if they had not had the precaution to send out two other ships with her, which towel and brought her back again." Less than seventy years ago the first Cunarrs, 207 ft. long and of 1,131 tons burden, were considered marvels of size, although all four of them could have been placed in a line on the ' deck of one of these White Star liners, which will have ten times their aggregate tonnage.

The death of Mr. Ira i 5. Sankey will be genuinely mourned by many hundreds of thousands of persons, even though in these days a new generation has grown up since the last of the campaigns of Messrs. Moody and Sankey. It is a little difficult now, perhaps, to realise the vast power which these evangelists showed on their different visits, or the source of their success. The truth is that the combination of the two men was uniquely equipped for success, each supplementing the other. As a singer and composer Mr. Sankey was largely self-trained, but he had a beautiful voice and a real ear for a tune that would be popular. Some of his hymns and a great deal of his music are being sung in the Christian churches all over the world. Had he chosen he might have made a great personal fortune, but the profits of his books have gone to aid the work in which he was interested. For five years now Mr. Sankey had been removed by blindness from active work, but the great religious movement which he helped to create and inspire has gone forward, and in many languages to-day hymns are being sung to the tunes to which he wedded them for all time. * * * We were glad to sea from his article in the "Labour Leader " that Mr. Keir Hardie does not follow Messrs. Blatchforcl and Hyndman in yielding to the German panic. We believe he is right in saying that the attitude of these two gentlemen wotld be "repudiated with practical unanimity by the Socialist and trade union movement if it could be put to the vote." The "Clarion," by the way, itself provided an admirable antidote to its own poison in a letter from Admiral Sir Cyprian Bridge, which appeared in last Friday's issue. The main point is that, even if we impute the worst possible motives and intentions to Germany, the mechanical difficulty of attacking this country, while it holds the command of the sea, is such that we could afford to be calm about it. And conversely, we may say to Germans who—incredible as it may seem—are persuaded that we mean to attack them, that such an operation would be a desperate hazard, which no statesmen in their senses would undertake.

Some interesting remarks on the Derby millions have been made by the "Morning Leader," as follows :—The late Lord Derby has left an estate of nearly 4,000,000. By profession he was " a land- owner," no less than 70,000 acres of English soil being subject to the autocratic control of this single member of the House of Peers. His estates were chiefly situated in Lancashire, and the enormous industrial development in that county during the past century has without any exertion on the part of the , Stanleys doubled their fortune over and over again. This vast wealth consisted almost entirely of unearned increment, and it is a significant fact that the will does not contain any bequests of a public nature. The death duties, fortunate:y, will reclaim for the people a portion of their own, and in the development of the principle of these duties in association with the taxa- tion of land values we may look forward to a more equitable adjustment of the balance in the future. i An attempt is likely to be made in the autumn to - get a Bill passed through Parliament for the relief ' of the teacher who from no fault of his own is deprived _ of his post through the closing of the school. The - contention on his behalf is that compensation should be paid by the Government for his loss of office, and an adequate pension guaranteed him, as by depriving him of his means of living, he is losing an opportunity to increase his pension by further payment during recorded service. At present no sustentation le provided by the National Union of Teachers. A few teachers might obtain a small disablement allow- ance, should they reach the age of sixty-five, and others might receive a very small pension. The newly-formed National Council of Church Teachers are prepared to act on behalf of these teachers, and probably other organisations interested in the welfare of women will render help. The matter is regarded as pressing by the promoters, because they consider the complaint would be very greatly aggravated in the doubtful event of the Education Bill of 1003, , with its contracting-out scheme, becoming law.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. H. N. HOUGHTON.

Warrington has lost another respected citizen by the death of Mr. Hamlet Nowall Houghton, iron- monger, 33, Bridge-street, who passed away at his residence, 9, Whitefield-road, Stockton Heath, at 19 o'clock on Wednesday morning, after a long and painful illness. The deceased gentleman, who was fifty-six years of age, had been confined to his bed for about ten months. His many friends heard of his illness with sincere regret, for his kindly and unassuming disposition had gained for him a warm place in their esteem. He had carried on business as an ironmonger at Market Gate for many years, and when his shop was required for street improvement purposes he removed to the premises in Bridge street. He never took a prominent part in public affairs but was best known as a devoted Churchman. He was particularly attached to St. James' Church, Latchford, where his willing help will be greatly missed. He was a lay representative up to the time of his death, and some years ago he fulfilled the duties of Vicar's warden. Ha was also a foundation manager of St. James' School. He was a staunch member of the Warrington Branch of the English Church Union and also served on the committee of the Warrington Church Society. Great sympathy is felt with the widow; in her bereavement. The funeral will take place at St. Thomas's Church, Stockton Heath, at 1.30 this (Saturday) afternoon.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

WARRINGTON v. SOUTH HILL.

These teams met in the Warrington Corporation Baths on Thursday evening. Warrington defended tha deep end in the first half. Sutton swam away splendidly' but was fouled near goal. From a foul HaresnaPe received and opened the scoring for South Hill. After some even play South Hill again attacked, and White i scored a second. Immediately afterwards White aided ; a third. Shelvey scored the fourth with a beautiful long shot. Half-time : South Hill 4 goals, Warring ton nil. Warrington showed up much better in this , half, and Allen scored an easy goal. W Ashton, who A swam the length of the bath, scored a second. White t scored a fifth goal for South Hill, and Turner scored a third for Warrington. South Hill showed better combination, and won comfortably by 5 goals to 3.—The final for the fifty yards members' race resulted as follows :-1, J. Sutton ; 2, E. Miller ; 3, J Savage.

Insurance Dispute at War rington. A case arising out of a disputed insurance policl was heard at the Warrington Police Court yesterday' The parties concerned were Mary Hankinson, Chester street and William Jones, Bramhall-street, who claimed £lO 4s. 6d. insurance money on the policy of Herbert Hankinson, in the Albion Insurance Company. gr. Browne on behalf of Jones, stated that the deceased person, Herbert Hankinson, was a brother-in-law of his client. Some time ago Mrs. Hankinson, the mother, insured the deemed in the Albion Friendll Society for £lO. She could not afford to keep tER the premium, and in consequence she asksa the collector (Kr. Hough) to take it to gr; William Jones, her son in-law. It was then agrefr! to take over the policy, and the premium was palo for three years. Nothing was heard until her sall died on June 2, when she claimed the whole of the money, refusing to accept £4 10s.for funeral expenses. —Mr. Steel said Mrs. Hankinson had paid the premium for eleven years ; and was willing to Pi the amount that Jones, her son-in-law, had paid.' The magistrates decided in favour of Mrs. Hankinsoe• Mr. Jones was awarded one-third of the remainder . after funeral expenses had been paid.

POSTER PRINTING. WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET'

_ IN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT. EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTO N

111

tt •Q Ir kl IN

el a C VI in ip tb

_ VV, Cc E in or ha Ell

Da C, 13)

tal 411

Co Ve oI th )38 La th I."

ex th Tt to

!It

?k1

===== 0002601_19080822_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. COMPLAINT ABOUT THE HOSPITAL.

IA meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Work RUNCORN LICENSEE AND HIS WIFE. house on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling presiding. There Patrick Regan, of the Brunswick Vaults, Runcorn, were also present :—Messrs. C. Rovlance, A. H. Talbot, Ras summoned before the Runcorn magistrates on G. Egerton Warburton, J. Whitlow, A. Broome. T. ; Monday, for persistent cruelty to his wile, Agnes.— Baxter, P. Booth, J. H. Davies' L. Bolton, T. Wright, The defendant did not appear.—Mrs. Regan said she S. Woodward, W. Harrison, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, G. had been married nearly thirteen years, and there were Watson, J. Spruce, J. Renshaw, J. Hallows, C. E. three children of the marriage. He had struck her and Linaker, jun., J. B. Chadwick, A. Haining, J. Mynekyrne, - /narked her several times. He had once thrown a knife G. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Farrington (inspector of St her. The profits of the beerhouse sometimes did not nuisances), W. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors.) ' ,rue enough to pay his debts. Sometimes he gave more A WESTON IMPROVEMENT. beer away than he sold. He had a pension of 7d. per Mr. James Collier, clerk to the Weston Parish Council, ‘3Y.—Superintendent Ennion said he had had complaints intimated that the. Council were willing to irafr P7O tLe of the defendant's conduct.—The Bench granted coat- village green as suggested by the District Council. Plainant a separation order, with custody of the chil- , The improvement suggested was the formation of prour dren, and 15s. per week alimony, the defendant to pay channols. , the costs, Lls. Gd. , RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. INCREASE OF couNry EXPENDITURE MOTOR TRAFFIC AND ROAD MAINTENANCE. - A meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. , taxter presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. C. Roylance, A. H. Talbot, G. Egerton Warburton, J. Whitlow, A. Broome, P. Booth, J. H. Davies, L. Bolton, T. Wright, S. Woodward, W. Harrison, G. Pilling, S. liorton, J. L. Jones, E. Brotherton, G. Watson, J. Pruee, S. Taylor, T. Wood, J. Douglas, J. \V. ..,ernperfey, A. R. Norman. J. Renshaw, J. Hallows, J. VY,oekyme, C. E. Linaker, jun.. J. B. Chadwick, A. G. F. Ashton (clerk),. I D. Rollinson (master), .T. Cook, J. Pearson and W. R. de Prez (relieving ofScers.)

HOSPITAL CARETAKER'S DEATH. Mr. John L. Jones announced that George Dodd, caretaker of the Smallpox Hospital, Moore, died on July 30th, and he had made temporary arrangements with the late caretaker's son and daughter to continue until suitable arrangements were made. The Board decided to appoint the son to the position permanently. _ _

ALKALI WORKS INSPECTOR. Mr. Pickmere, town clerk of Liverpool, intimated that the special sub-comrritteo appointed to deal with the Alkali Works Act had recommended Mr. F. Napier Sutton, of 6, Grosvenor Gardens, Cricklewood, London, N.W., for appointment as additional inspector', for Wicines and district.

ITIIE COST OF PAUPERISM. k The Clerk reported that the Local Government Board 'ad forwarded the half-yearly return on the cost of ' Pauperism. Taking the unions and parishes in London, the rate per head of the population was 2s. 11Id. ; for the whole country (London and the provinces) the rate was is. 10d. per head ; for the Unions outside . London the rate was Is. bld. per head ; for the county ' lii! Chester it averaged ls. Qd., and in the Runcorn nion it was is. 33d., so that Runcorn compared very favourably.

COMPLAINT ABOUT TIIE HOSPITAL. CHARGES NOT SUBSTANTIATED.

VAGRANCY QUESTION, „The Clerk stated that the Inter-County Committee on agrancy recommended the adoption of a system of WaY tickets for casual paupers and, in order that there Plight be no necessity for begging, the establishment of , erect(' stations for the supply of mid-day meals of half- Pound of bread and two ounces of cheese, the cost to oe borne from a fund provided by the Lancashire, , Cheshire, Cumberland and Westmoreland Unions; and ill certain cases the provision of a mid-day meal to ''agrants on their discharge from a Workhouse. The co:operation of the police authorities was asked for.

lAt a special meeting OI the Isolation Hospital Com- mittee Mr. Higginson, Halton, and Mrs. Littler, Frodsham, attended and made complaints with regard to the hospital administration. Mrs. Higginson, wife of one of the complainants, was also interviewed. The committee afterwards heard the medical superintendent, matron and charge nurse (Miss Bisset) with reference to the allegations which had been made. The com- naittee resolved (1) " That having heard the allegations blade by Mr. Higginson and Mrs. Littler with regard to the treatment of the two children who died in the hospital, this committee is satisfied that the staff of the hospital is exonerated from any blame in the matter. (2) That the Committee consider I it is imperative that Dr. Bower should he in telephonic I communication with the hospital in order that prompt intimation can be conveyed to him in critical cases." The clerk read a letter from Mr. Higginson stating that if the District Council did not take prompt steps to remedy the abuses prevailing in the institution he would take proceedings against the Council for the loss of his child. Mr. Woodward said the Committee went very care- fully into the charges and were unanimously of opinion that they were not substantiated. With reference to the letter from Mr. Higginson, they well understood that parents who had lost their children in that way felt it most keenly and the Con mitteesympathised with them. They had, however, no sympathy with the diu position to lay the loss to the charge of those who the Committee were quite sure had done their best for the patients. As far as he knew this was the only case of complaint out of some 135 treated. In almost every case the highest tributes of thanks and praise had been awarded to the nurses and staff. _ .

Mi.. Wright, who iepresented the Board at a Confer- • on the question,said the Board could not do better than join in the scheme. The amount they would have to pay would be very small. The Chairman said that the scheme would tend to atop begging. Mr. Mynekyme : What will it cost in salaries to give the food ? The Clerk said the arrangement would probably be that food would be supplied at certain shops on tickets being presented. It would not be a heavy matter. Mr. Wright said he did not think they would require Sty additional officials. it was agreed to join in the scheme. CO VNTY EXPENDITURE. IMPERIAL GRANTS WANTED. Alderman Norman moved : "That this Board views With concern the annually increasing charges placed i'l.P°l2 County ratepayers particularly in respect of educe- hi", and the maintenance of main roads (the latter ,i-,7,n3g to damage by motor and heavy locomotive traffic) as such cost is largely a national charge, this Board arages upon the Government the necessity for making _„ditional grants from the Imperial Exchequer in relief rt't the increasing burdens thereby thrown upon the local tatcPayers." He said his object in moving the resolu- 410n was to assist the County Council in an effort they tad been making for some considerable time to get the -"tnPerial Exchequer to help them in meeting the extra- ____________ 4("lrclinary expenditure which had been placed upon them aring recent years. A similar resolution had been Showed by the County Council and that fact alone EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON .towed that the County Council themselves realized were anxious to do all they could to rel VIADUCT INSTITUTE EXAMINATION ive the burdens of the local ratepayers. The r,iticism to which the County Council was submitted RESULTS. 4,-, one to suppose that the members were outsiders and Machine Construction.—Stage 11. : First class, II oid nothing to do with the rates. It must not be for- ; Maudsley, II Wilkinson ; second class, A E Bygate, H ' 19tten that even as County Councillors they were all Finall, A J Haughton, F Naylor, S II Sedoskie and N kig ratepayers and were anxious to do all they could to ; R Shinn. Stage I. : First class, A Astall, G McCawley, ✓,el:l down the rates. There was no doubt that the , W Clarke, J Fazackerley, F Owen, W Richie, S i'onnty Council had been in a very unenviable position Schofield and J F Thompson; second class, S L Allen, :he some years. Now responsibilities had been placed ; T Baker, W Brodie, U Dunn, W Picton, A Sharp, J%V them. Take the Education Act of 1902. He was Williams and T Wilson. - l i tt,.g:Ding to discuss the merits of that Act except to say Mathematics.—Stage IL : Second class, W Watkins. t ht,s personal opinion was that if the School Boards Stage 11. : Second class, It J Clarke, El Cooper, W J '- ucen reformed and the ad hoe authorities had .been ; Grantham ad H Thorne. fr:;:laintained specially to deal with education he strongly I Geometrical Drawing.—First class, G McCawley and elieved it would have been much more economical and I T Parkinson ; second class, S L Allen, G Appleton, I' !clacation matters would have received the fullest j Audley, C H Barker, W Cheeseboro, D Clarke V Derby- !ttention. The Act was there for the County Council 1 shire, J Fazackerley, H Finall, J Green, W Clarke, A administer and it had meant a very large expenditure. I Sanders, A E Smith and J II Webster, its contended it was becoming a national question, and , that Was the view a good many councillors took, and EARLESTOWN PAINTBR'S FAILURE. y_erefore they ought to receive more help from tho At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court, last Friday, VPerial Exchequer. With regard to main roads, they I before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, Alfred Ernest Pill, heavv perfectly well the enormous cost that was now , painter and decorator, Earlestown. appeared for his Ing Placed on the County by the motor traffic—he i public examination.—ln answer to Mr. Johnson, the • 11otspeaking of ordinary motorcars but the traction 1 assistant official receiver, he said he commenced • g'nes and heavy traffic of that kind which was doing I business in Cross-lane in 1901 without capital. In • reat deal of mischief to the main roads. The County October, 1907, he took a shop and dwelling-house at 25, ,`:',Ouncil had been criticised for levyintt high rates while I Bridge-Areet,Earlestown, and continued business at that rney had a balance of £20,000 in laud. He made address until the receiving order was made. His failure ,sagairies and found that in February last I was due to bad trade in the spring of 1907, lack of t timations were sent to the authorities of the amount !capital and the ill-health of himself and his wife. that would probably be needed for the rates. After- IHi a wife was ill from Christmas, 1906, until Wards the Main Roads Committee met and they were ,' May, 1907, and that cost him between £lO Confronted with an additional expenditure of between ; and £5O for medical attendance and nursing.- 8,000 and £lO,OOO owing to the heavy traffic, and the ;In February last the debtor strained himself when Icc„r•ease in the rate was entirely owing to that extra- ; raising a ladder, and suffered in consequence for two itztonaary expenditure. Instead of the local ratepayers months, this costing him between £6 and £7. He ,a vmg to bear all the burdens, the National Exchequer became aware of his insolvency in March of this year, Itotild assist them. The £20,000 balance was money when it was brought to his notice by the pressure of ,), had been saved out of the 2d. rate to meet ' creditors. He must have been insolvent since the hi',Penditure which had already been incurred or was in spring of last year. His liabilities amounted to £lBO 7s , L,°sPect. The money was ear-marked and a good and his assets totalled £7 Os. 2d. The examination was Fllion of it would have to be expended this year and closed. "eozi Whole of it would have to be gone in two or three ta,,ra 00 the new schools and equipment that would k'eto be provided. If the ,£2u,000 had not been tkeanaulated the money would have had to come out of hte, rates. The County Council were doing their best s'o4der most difficult circumstances and ought to receive 'lee ers.consideration, even if they did make little aod

Mr. Hallows said that parents in Stockton Heath to whom he had spoken had expressed every satisfaction with the manner in which their children had been treated in the hospital The reported was approved. NEW PORTER'S LODGE.

The Isolation Hospital Committee recommended that the tender of Mr. Isaac Lawton for the erection of a new porter's lodge at £325 17s. 6d. be accepted. Mr. Hallows considered that £325 was too much for a workman's cottage. Mr. Woodward said the Committee had had the plans before them several times and had cut down the accom- modation. It was necesFary that the house should be in keeping with the other buildings. The recommendation was approved.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

TALE OF A DOG.

1.1,tr• Alynekyme seconded. 1 John Ashton, a young blacksmith, of Nutgrove-road, St. .Helens, was dealt with smartly by the St. Helens • Talbot said a great deal of money had been spent magistrates on Saturday on a charge of stealing a dog. aetir County Council and from what they as outsiders ‘4 Jud e • , asked gat had not been wisely spent. Mr. Norman Constable \Vhittaker said that about half-past eleven on , a, , them to go to the Government and ask them to Friday morning he met a man in Feescot-road, and to rue it a national question. Did he ask that simply shortly afterwards he turned round and saw Ashton aleet the that now going on or to get ra,,, e expenditurewas n endeavour to entice a small dog, which was in the ' to ha",re money to throw away? The £20,000 referred vestibule of the Bird i' th' Hand public-house. The dog would not follow him, so he picked it up and 1 Da, u been lying idle for some time when the rate- - etrers might have been having the use ef it. The walked away. The officer informed the landlord, and alltY Council took it from the ratepayers and put it they ran after the man and arrested him, when he said , , atte h had no intention of stealing the dog, and that it had Council had not the face to come and ask v; but he did not call that saving it. He supposed f oowe m ell dhi from Thatto Heath. Ashton was hoed , th County era e Or more money so they wanted to go to the £3 or twenty-eight days. . ,Pierial Exchequer for it. (Laughter.) DEATH OF CAPTAIN A. L. PILKTNGTON. adtlr• Raining said it would have been a piece of good We regret to announne the death, which took place a ,vlce to the Government if Mr. Norman had included thl,uggestion for obtaining the money for the upkeep of on Sunday at his residence, Erbistock Hall, near . saLr.aaadts from the people who used them. It was only Ruabon, of Captain A. L. Pilkington, nephew of the late Colonel Pilkington, of St. Helens. For the past 1:4„1,11 a heavier burden should be placed upon those twelve months Captain Pilkingtoc, who was about -,,'e, who were responsible for the traffic referred to. 4r. w , teso, oodward took exception to the form of the thirty-six years of age, had suffered from acute blood- poisoning, which finally proved fatal, in spite of the iution as he contended the two questions should efforts of many specialists. Captain Pilkington was been kept separate. With reference to education immensely popular with the villagers of Erbistock, eoped the County Council had in their mind the who esteemed and admired him. His death has t?p.hlishment of a purely national system to he main- naturally cast a deep gloom over the whole district. lacirl and sustained entirely from the national Captain Pilkington was a justice of the peace for "achequer. Such an arrangement would do away with all the . d ~ e unpleasantanhindering friction that existed Ruabon. 1 7° long as the money had to be found in the narrow , MAGISTRATE REBUKES CHIEF CONSTABLE. 'units of the various localities. He could not possibly 1 Thomas Gorry, a young man with a big record, and Itdvoelte that the maintenance of all the roads in the Michael Ryan, were charged at St. Helens on Monday itallutry should be made a national charge but he had with a breach of the peace by fighting in Liverpool- been of opinion that it was most desirable that a ' road on Saturday night. Both men denied the offence, • 've e l'Y considerable sum should be contributed by the and ()lorry called a companion to state that Ryan was alo th,,lernment. The maximum part of the motor traffic the aggressor.—The Chief Constable got an admission b"" Passed over the roads in that district did not from the witness that there was a general melee, and el° haprig to the district but was responsible for quite one that it was difficult for the police to see who the wear and tear. The Government should was not fighting, and added, ' You all ought to tute some moans of recovery from those who used have been locked up! If you had been locked hn,ll roads and contribute to the District Councils up you would only have got your deserts ! ko'ladeus.nts due to them according to the mileage of the Mr. Oppenheira (one of the magistrates).—l do not think I\lr te it is right to speak to the witness in that wily, Mr. tan 'KI allows said Mr. Norman appeared to oppose Chief Constable; and so long as I sit here shall aew`aa_sive expenditure and yet he wanted to open up u protest against it. This man come up here to give the Aneans of obtaining more money. The object o evidence, and to be told that he ought to be locked up Th "'Quay Council should be to curtairthe expenditure is a most improper statement by you.—The Chief 1,„463' talked about overcrowdina of schools but if the Constable.—You don't know the facts that I am in laiohelecintinue to increase ancr rents went up corms- ' possession of, sir, and I shall ask the question that I 11,,,,-:"•ngly they would find two vrorkingmen's families think fit.—Both men were ordered to find sureties or go l'a:r'lg in one house. If was all very well for Mr ,to gaol. •rateraati to point out that the County Councillors were to ea3'ers, but they did not feel it as they had plenty 5W on. (Laughter.) fre " -Norman said his sole object was to get money "THE CHRISTIAN" AT THE SHAKESPEARE atltirtihthe Government for the relief of the ratepayers THEATRE, LIVERPOOL. Ilat a did not think it was fair to turn the resolution On Monday, August 24th, and the five following Th° a desire to get more money and squander it. nights with matinee on August 20th, Mr. Wentworth lt wa resolution was carried with some dissientients and Croke will present to the playgoers of the. , Shakespeare i"„ 110 k 8 decided to forward copies to other Cheshire Unions , Theatre the new version of "The Christian ' by Hall ng for their support, and to the Local Government ' Caine,direct from the Lyceum and Shaftesbury Theatres ard, 1 with entirely new and elaborate scenery by Ernest raTiae r DEPUTAIf ONS. Howard and specially designed dresses. Mr. Croke -ollowing deputations were appointed :—North- should have the support which this great drama Nem, Poor Law Conference, Messrs. Woodward: deserves. Produced at the Lyceum it had the most Taro Wick and Pilling; Pantasaph Orphanage, Messrs. phenomenal success of modern days. Mr. Caine states IVe jerley and Booth and the Master; County Asylum, that one of the reasons for which he rewrote " The tha DT,. Mawdsley, Hallows and Haining ; School for i Christian" was to avail himself of an opportunity en ....af;'l,lld2 Messrs. Wood and Jones. I speaking in a popular way to a popular audience on azoralining objected to delegates being sent to the the problem of the fallen woman. Into this new version NvenKil estern Poor Law Conference. He said there ;of an old play he has put the result of the reflctrof 4N b.6ll9rtly be a report by the Poor Law Commission and observation of twenty-five years and in writing it at th.." did not see what good the conference could do he says, "I have tried to state a case, to make a sug- tsorie' Present time. It was simply throwing ratepeyers' gestion, and to present a picture." The John Storm tlr7 down the gutter. i will be played by Mr. Henry Renouf, an actor of lel th• Talbot said he believed the conference did good sterling ability, while Miss Doris Gilham will be the 'tloB a Lancashire and Cheshire Unions were in such Glory Quayle. e touch. L 1

===== 0002601_19080822_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
• 't.--.. .. '..•':.,:...::•::: -.:.'_'.;'....'..' !..'',..:.._,..:.:;,.:_:73...-.2,5":;.-,',4

===== 0002601_19080822_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 22, 1908.

LOCAL NEWS.

Index to Inside Pages.

Page. 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. Photographic Notes. Short Story. 3. Stockton Heath Flow Show. .•••••• Board of Guardians. Compulsory Service. Short Story. G. Science and Art Examinations. Mr. T. R. Shepherd's Death : Inquest. Children's Corner. 7. Cricket and Bowling. Local Church News. Railway Time Table, etc. Infirmary Concert. The Workingmen's Committee of the Warrington Infirmary announce that they will hold their annual concert in aid of the institution on Saturdays October 3rd. Superintendent Monaghan. Subscriptions to the fund which is being raised to provide a testimonial to Superintendent Monaghan may be paid to Mr. Arthur Bruwne, solicitor, Sankey- street, the hon. treasurer.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
HATTON SHOW.

VILLAGERS' CREDITABLE DISPLAY.

The residents of the charming; old-world village of Hatton pride themselves not a little on their horticul- ture, and not without good cause, for at present the gardens ia the locality represent perfect pictures of colour and beauty. Of late years Hatton has become quite famed for its show, and Thursday witnessed the holding of the fourteenth exhibition promoted by the Horticultural Society. The place presented a scene of unwonted animation, visitors flocking into it from Warrington and district, and all were highly pleased with what they saw. The show was a great credit to Fall the villagers, and the choice exhibits, tastefully arranged, excited general admiration. Mr. James Parr had again placed a field adjoining Hatton Hall at the disposal of the society, and a better spot for show purposes could not have been Lund. While there was a slight falling off in the entries, the 'umber of competitors was actually higher, and the quality of the exhibits was well up to the high standard associated with Hatton Show. The table decorations were a special feature the competitors displaying much artistic taste in the arrangement of beautiful flowers. Lady Greenall offered special prizes for the prettiest dinner table (only outside the fi

. .. Local Will. grown flowers or ferns to be used) and the first want Mr. William Perkins, of Bishop Auckland, Durham, to Mrs. James Kippax who displayed coreopsie and and formerly of Warrington, architect and surveyor, gypsophila with striking effect. Mrs. John Kippax who died on June lfith last, at the age of 38, left estate was second with an arrangement of sweet peas and of the value of ,514,617. gypsophila, and Miss Cliffe was third with pretty montbretia and grasses. In another similar competi- Sudden Death. ton for prizes given by Lady Greenall (lady competi- Mr. Henry Silk, aged 78 years, Sankey-street, was tors only), Miss Woods was first, with a fine collection repairing a wall on some property of his in Winwick- of helitrope sweet peas and gypsophila, Miss E. road, at noon on Wednesday, when he fell to the Hatton was second with montbretia and ferns, and ground and died before medical aid could be procured. Miss Woods also took the third award with pink . Death was due to heart failure. sweet peas, gypsophila and grass. It was unfortunate A Fatal Fall. that the show was not favoured with better weather. An inquest was held at the Warrington Police At the opening the prospects were discouraging and Station yesterday on the body of Sarah Williams (61) towords evening a steady downpour of rain set in., residing in Priestley-street, Warrington, who died on Notwithstanding, there was a large number of visitors Wednesday last. It was stated that on Wednesday, and the show was attended with a gratifying measure July Bth, deceased was going upstairs to bed, when of success. Praise is to due to the officials for the at the top of the stairs her foot caught in her dress excellence of the arrangements. They were : - and she fell to the bottom. A. doctor was summoned, President, Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones ; vice•presidents, Rev. and it was found that she had sustained concussion the Hon. C. P. Cross and Mr. James Parr ; chairman of the brain and a fractured collar-bone. A verdict of of committee, Mr. R. L. Warburton; vice-chairman, " Accidental death " was returned. Mr. Henry Mawdsley ; trustees, Mr. R. L. PUBLIC BENEFIT.-UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Warburton and Mr. James Parr • secretary, Mr. J. BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.-Advt. G. Hatton, Hill Cliffs. The Walton Band was in attendance and enlivened the proceelinge with selec- tions. There was a tea tent in charge of the Misses At the Borough Police Court on Saturday, a youth Hatton, Hall and Thompson. named William Isherwood, 2, Scott-street, was charged The show was opened by the Rev. F. Clifton Smith, with stealing from a gas slot meter in the dwelling- late Vicar of Daresbury. house of his fi.ther on Wednesday night, 2s. 9d. the The Rev. T. T. Lee Jones, who presided, said the money of the Corporation, and further with stealing show from very small beginnings had developed into a 4s. 7d. on Tuesday May sth.-The Chief Constable healthy and vigorous institution. In his opinion its said, prisoner's father came to the police station on chief value lay not in the large number of exhibits but Wednesday night last and lodged a complaint to the i good fact that the villagerswere stimulated to grow F garden produce anowers. Sorae of the gardens effect that some person had broken into his house and rifled the slot meter. Defendant was interviewed b 9 R Hatton were very beautiful indeed and the shots, had certainly aroused the interest, enthusiasm and zeal of Detective Holland and Police Constable Hewitt, and the people of that little hamlet. In introducing the he admitted his guilt. A pair of pincers were used to Rev. F. Clifton Smith, the President caused some snap the meter lock in both instances. The magistrates amusement by remarking that he had known him since said it was a serious offence' and prisoner was bound he was a baby boy-hi fact when their friend was a boy over under the Probation of offenders' Act. of ten and he (Hr. Lee Jones) was about double his age, I he taught him how to hold his bat straight. Now Mr. Ticketless Traveller. Clifton Smith was a far better bat than ever he (Hr. Lee Jones) was or would be. (Laughter.) It the Borough Police Court, on Saturday, Thomas Lockie, who said he came from Liverpool, was charged The Rev. F. Clifton Smith, in opening the show, said The when he was Vicar of Daresbnry the one thing with travelling from Liverpool to Warrington, on which interested him particularly as far as social work Friday, August 14th, by the L. h N.-W. Railway with- was concerned, was Hatton Show. He always felt he Out a ticket, and with intent to avoid payment.-It was coming amongst a committee who were keen owlerker was stated by a railway official that the prisoner was gegsntdi net the neighbourhood. their socvtosuc;eed aalnadatyos be main- tained seen to alight from the Liverpool train and cross the ' the tained that those who ad the love of flowers at heart line. An express was due at the time, and defendant must have something beautiful in their lives. Mr. had a narrow escape of being knocked down. Clifton Smith alluded to the table decorations. remark- Defendant was asked for his railway ticket, but replied ing that he had been to several shows this year but the he had only been on the platform. He was asked for table decorations at Hatton beat them all. (Applause). his platform ticket, and then admitted that he had The Rev, the lion.C.F. Cross in moving a vote of thanks travelled without payiug.-He was fined 10s. and costs to the Rev. F. Clifton Smith said many of those present would recall with gratitude his friendship and care. or 14 days. Some of the most helpful lessons Christ had left us CLEARANCE BATA OF CYCLES, big reductions.- were drawn from the fruit, the corn, and the flowers J.S. Garawo,sl-55,Bridge st.,Warrington.-Advt. and the tending of gardens could not fail to be of value Train Off The Rails. Mr. R. L. Warburton seconded, and the vote was heartily accorded. A singular mishap which might have been attended Similar compliments were accorded to the judges on with serious consequences, occurred upon the viaducts the proposition of Mr. J. Wright seconded by the Rev. near Earlestown Station on Thursday morning. The H. S. Barnes and to Mr. Parr, on the proposition of coaches to take the 9.35 train from Earlestown to Mr. T. M. West seconded by Mr. .1. IC. Priestner. Warrington were proceeding along the viaducts when The judges, whose awards appeared to give general the whole train suddenly left the metals. The main line satisfaction, •cceireia:-Tyreirttc-eiers' produce, MaerlsnaJanitd between Manchester and Liverpool was blocked causing produce,ew d Messrs William '..elicheollstlenrd G Ferguson : a good deal of delay in the traffie. The engine driver table decorations, Mrs Vere Davies and Mrs Shepherd and stoker, with the guard, were the only occupants of Cross ; wild flowers, Mrs Fletcher and Mrs Bower ; the train, and luckily neither of them was injured, butter and eggs, Miss Collins ; honey, Mr Herbert Fortunately, the coaches were being taken along at a Potts. ilow rate, otherwise it is possible they might have Special exhibits (not for competition) were sent by:- been dashed over the parapet. Breakdown gangs were Groups of plants, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., and Mr. I speedily in attendance, and the line was cleared in a T H Lyon ; fruit &c., Mrs. Massey, Acton Grange. I , few hours. How the coaches came to be derailed is PRIZE LIST. ' not known. The following is the prize list :- Special prizes given by Mr J J Whitley for the Attempted Suicide, neatest and best stocked flower garden : 1, John I At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, John Green ; 2, W Dean ; 3, James Kippax ; 4, Henry Burke, residing at 16, Heaton Square, Orford-street, Maddock ; 5, W Duncalf. I was charged with attempted suicide by taking salts and pi!ecalta lgorci prizes given by Ladyar (e Greenall, otoar tl:(l3ereneena t.e.s.,t of lemon on Monday morning. His mother gave Henry Haddock; 3, James Greeeen'; 4, Wm. Duncalf.' -, evidence to the effect that defendant asked her for Special prizes given by Mr James Parr, for the twopeuce because he wanted a shave. She had no neatest and best stocked flower gardens (competed for change so she gave him a half-crown. When by Mr Parr's tenants only) : 1, John Kippax •, 2, Peter defendant came back she noticed that he had not had Cliffs ; 3, Thomas Rutter, secir. ; 4, James Cliffs. a shave, so she asked him why,but he said that he was Special prizes given by Mr. James Parr, for the going for one after dinner. Defendant then toakemee neatest arl„darbreast tenants kitchen gardensj (competed fo: cup from the table, and put a powder into it,. ait this Tyhomas Done; 3 Thomasen y'li 4 John Kippax ; -, „ utter, senr., and James some water, and drank it, saying " I have don 0 a con Cliffe; 5, W Leach. time." She raised an alarm and defendant wa ' Special prizes given by Lady Greenall for the neatest veyed to the hospital were he was attended to. and best stocked kitchen gardens (open to all cottagers Defendant's excuse was that, he had had some --i /miff residing within the Society's district but outside the with his wife, and said it was all through his tonnbte township of Hatton) : 1, Thomas Grounds ; 2, Joseph ' sister. Mrs. Burke (his wife) said that defends roife'B Miller ;3, George Green ;4, Edwin Taylor. been drinking on Sunday night last. They hal v,r ENTRIES FOR COTTAGERS nr.srpixo WITHIN THREE ' MILES os HATTON SCHOOL. been married a few months. -Defendant promised the Special prizes given by Lady Greenall for the prettiest magistrates that he would not drink again, and the dinner table. Only outside grown flowers or ferns to case was dismissed, be used : 1, Mrs Jas Kippax ; 2, Mrs John Kippax ; PUBLIC BENEFIT.-UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST 3, Miss Cliffe; hc, Miss H Maddock. BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.-Advt. GREENHOUSE PLANTS. One fuasia, single : 1, P Cliffe ; 2 and 3, 'F' Kippax. Crosfield's Band and the National Festival. One Fuchsia, double: 1, 2 and 3, F Kippax, One There is to be a record struggle for the theusa , begonia : 1, F Kippax s 2, J Cliffs ;3. F Kippax. One guinea championship trophy at the National Ban geranium : 1 and 3, F ,Kippax ;hc, P Cliffs ; One ivy Festival in the Crystal Palace next month. Lip to geranium : 1. P Cliffe ;, 3, F Kippax.. Three plants, any date entries for the contest number 120, and by variety: 1, P Cliffiev;Nrioa\nad 3r,,LFANlTiasppax ; hc, J Cliffs. the time the list is closed, the number is One begonia : 1, 2 and 3, John Kippax. One fuchsia. expected to reach quite 150. In prize band circles , double : 1, II Maddock ;2, J Rutter ; 3, John Kiprrm: the Perfection Soap Works Band, Warrington, winner i One fuchsia, single : 1 and 2, John Kippax ; 3, E H of many prizes this year,is looked upon as a Cotterill ;hc, H Maddock. One geranium : 1 and 2, formidable competitor, while Black Dike, which is J Taylor ; 3, H Haddock ; hc, John Kippax. One pot entering after several years' absence from musk i:a m 1 :an (11,21,31 Maddock •., 34, I& Ilrandudtatcelri. , (3') 113071 y, the contest, is always a musical force to be reckoned g , Kippax. Three window plants-, any variety:* 1, John with. It is anticipated that Wingates, Perfection ' I'"' ax •'HAI dd el- 3 J Taylor • h JR tt , , aipp ,-, s a o- , „ , c, u er. and Black Dike will run each other very close in the I CUT FLOWER CLASSES. great event. The selected test piece for the 1,000 ! Six double dahlias : 1, T Grounds ;2, J Taylor; 3, guineas will be the grand selection from " Rienzi ", E H Cotterill ; hc, J Cliffe. Six single dahlias : 1, (Wagner), arranged by S. Cope. According to the 1 F Kippax ; 2, P CHM) ; 3, J. Rutter. Six cactus score, the opening movement is from the overture i iillachli:sK.:i 1, Jam;.saKippaxitid2.Bl3liaTsaylelrn3d T, Grounds; based on some of the chief themes of the opera The ,3, P Cliff= c, JI-Cileffmer Six aster's: 'l, T' Grounds selection is not planned to display the executive ,2, W Berry; 3, P. Cliffe. Six carnations: 1, P Cliffe' abilities of the soloists so much as to move the cape- 12, J Taylor. Six pansies: I, J Cliffe; 2. F Kippax; 3, bilities of the band as a whole. 3 Taylor. Six violas: 1, E Hankey; 2, E H Cotterill; TRAVELLING TRUNKS, ETC., compare Our quality 3, E Mulkey. Six spikes ten-week stocks: 1, T and prices. Dress Baskets from 165.-J. S. Grounds; 2, T Fleet; 3, IF Eippax ;he, J Taylor. GARLAND, 51, Bridge st., Warrington.-Advt. Six 'spikes gladioli : 1, E H Cotterill. Six spikes phlox : 1, W Dean' 2, J Taylor; 3, John Kippax • National Independent Order of Oddfellows. Ila c P Chile. Three ?, bunches sweet peas : 1, T Fleet ; The fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Friendship ' ,2, 'John Kippax ; 3, T Fleet ; hc, T Grounds. Six I Lodge was held on Monday evening at the Blue Lion 1 roses : Id], JF Green; 2, J Rutter ; 3, J Taylor. Six ' Hotel, Market-place, Bro. Midge occupying. the N.G.'s I,i‘mlrgootin,l,- znechF; Kt, Flx•KiAtioxaxmtir2i,,oTldHa RuktftrTera;n3: chair and P.G. Appleby the V.G.'s position. After i,T G rornad • 2.E H Colt)tierill. Collection ef cut blooms: the usual business,P.P.G.M. Thomas Knight presented 1, P Cliffe ; 2, J Cliffe ; 3, John Kippax ; hc, J Taylor. an emblem of merit to P.G. James Bridge for efficient I VEGETABLES. service rendered to the lodge. The District Officers, I Potatoes three varieties : 1, T Fleet ,• 2 J Miller t G.M. Litton, D.G.M. :Undone, H.S. Perry, D.T. ,3, W Leach'. One Cabbage, red : 1, H Haddock ;2, C Pennington, and also P.P.G.M. Burgess, spoke some ' wWhrtoew:yeN3,oTroGurande,; 3}.1 c‘,lNleTraylo3r. fze‘V.itlblii)aages: encouraging words to P.G. Bridge and wished him , Two Cauliflower : 1, 4' lounds. Siz Onions : l, IV long life and prosperity, at the same time expressing Bessr ; 2, T Fleet ; 3, I` Grounds • h c, J Green. the hope that before long he would be filling a higher i Twe ye shallots : 1 and 2, W 'Duncalf ;3, John position. (Applause). Bro. Midge said there was I Kippax ; hc, IV Duncalf. Six Leeks : 1 and 2, F another pleasing duty to perform-the distribution of KlRPax 1 3, John Kippax. Twelve Pods of Peas : prizes won in the district bowling main. The G.M. Bro. I k d Green ; 2,W Gleave ; 3, C Ellison ; b c,T Grounds. Litton said it was his pleasing duty to accept a beautiful , 3,i3j:„ pgsleorf.birlocadill)elEnifli!,,ll;sW. Siiiialf ; 2d T Grounds' ri;urenady; challenge shield on behalf of the Warrington District, beans : 1, '',v Ball ; 4, T Fleet ; Twelve, 11300 ; h c, French and a resolution was unanimously passed thanking the Gleave. Twelve pods of scarlet beans : 1, T Fleet ; donor, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., for his splendid 2, j W Beedall ; 3, J Taylor ; hc, J Done. gift. P.P.G.M. Joseph J Hands presented the shield Two sticks celery, white : 1 and 2, T Fleet ; and cutlery to the winner, Bro. W. Ashbrooke, of the 3s James Kippax. Two sticks celery, red or " Leval Perseverance" Lodge and P.P.G.M. Knight, pink : 1, T Fleet; 2 and 3, F Kippax. One vegetable P.P.4.M. Burgess, anal Bro. Mildone, D.G.M.assisted ~marrow, white: 1, T Gounds ;2, IV Leach ;3, J Cliffe. One vegetable marrow, green.: I, T H Butter ;", E him in the distribution of the other awards in the Taylor ;3, H Haddock he., W'Gleave. Two vegetable order named : T Litton, GM., Bros. T. Jolley, W. marrows, green or white : 1, E Heesom ; ', J Green; Bonnell, Glover, W. Shaw, J. Linger], J. Bridge, J 3, H Maddock ; cabbage lettuce : Thornlev, N. Dale, G. Crozier, J. Looker, J. J. Wilson, I 1, E Hankey ; 2, T 'fl Rutter; 3, John Kippax. Two G. Hands, T. Phillips and J. Wilkinson. Votes of cos lettuce : 1, T H Rutter ; 2, John Kippax. Six thanks were passed to Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. carrots : 1 and 2, T Fleet ; 3, J Green ,• h c, T. Robert Pierpoint, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., Mr. , Wilkinson. Six turnips : 1, T Done ;2, John Kippax; Eustance, Dr. Smith, and other donors of prizes. 3a,aldi klad,lNlrle;eth c,3E, Taylor. Three beetroots cbee„roiliitis : a 1 During the evening songs were rendered by the Six parsnips : 1, 'IV Gleave ; 2P,TG'reen ;3, IV Gleave; following :-Bros. J. W. Perry, D.S., W. Pennington, hc, C W Bowyer. Twelve sprays parsley : 1,3 Taylor; D.T., P.P.G.M. Meachin, P.P G.M. Burgess, GM. 2, J Clifle ; 3, H Williams • 13 c, E H Cotterill. Six Litton, Bro. Richardson, and others, tomatoes, red : 1, J IV Beddall ; 2, P Cliffe ; 3, J Cliffe. t

===== 0002601_19080822_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• _

===== 0002601_19080822_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, „

===== 0002601_19080822_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
[ Six sticks rhubarb : I, T Grourids ; 2, F Collection of vegetables : 1, T Fleet ;2, T Grounds ; ; 3, J Green • h c, F FRUIT.-2One dish apples, cooking: 1, S Antrobus ; 2, A Platt ; 3, A Platt. One dish apples, dessert : 1, J Green: 2 J I Taylor ; 3. P Cliffe. One dish pears : I,J ; 2, 'T Grounds ; 3,J Miller. hc, J Oulton. One dish gooseberries : 1, W Duncall. One dish currants, red : 1 and 2, J Taylor ; 3, T H Rutter. One dish currants, black: 1, J Taylor ; 2, H Maddock ;3, T Grounds. One dish of plums :1, James liippax ; 2, T Fl Rutter ; 3,W Ball. _ MISCELLANEOUS CLASSES. ___ . .

Special prize;--i'ven-1;i-ilri:-Sherpherd-Cross for collection of wild flowers and grasses. Children between the ages of 12 and 15 : 1, James Kippax ; 2,Fred Cliffe; 3, F.leanor_Dutton, Children under 12 : 1, Percy Cliffe;

2, Annie Kippax ; 3, Elsie Bannister. ! Special prizes given by Lady Greensll for the prettiest floral decorations for the dinner table. Lady competitors only : 1, Miss Woods; 2, Miss E Hatton; 3, Miss Woods. Four 1-Ib. pots of honey: 1, F Wilkinson; 2, C Ellison; 3, J Dooley ' • hc, F Hatton. Three sections comb honey: 1, J Cartwright; 2, T Percival ; 3, C Ellison ; hc, F Hatton. Six brown hen eggs : 1, Exors. J BlackshaT ; 2, E Heesom ; 3, C W Bowyer. Six white hen eggs: 1, J Green; 2, J Dobson; 3, Mrs. J Blackshaw ; h c, J Tinsley.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FARMERS ONLY.

Po!atoes, three varieties: 1, R L Warburton; 2,1 I Mawdsley. Three swede turnips: 1, S Read; 2, J K Priestner ; 3,R L Warburton; h c, J K Priestner. Three I common turnips: 1, U J Baxter 2, J Dobson ;3, J Darby- shire. Two ox cabbage; 1, J Dobson; 2, J 'l' Rutter. Three mangolds, red : 1, IV Fowles ; 2, Mrs Clare ; 3, and hc, Brocklehurst. Three yellow mangolds :1, S Read ; 2, W Blackshaw; 3, R Billington; h c, J Dobson. Twenty-four ears of wheat : 1, U J Baxter ; 2, R Billington ' • 3. NV Fowles. Twenty-four ears of oats, white : 1, IV Fowles ; 2, II Maudsley ; 3, J Darbyshire. Special prizes given by Mrs Lyon for four half pounds butter : I, J Taylor ' • 2, Mrs Clare ; 3, J Darbyshire ; h c, Miss IVarburton. Three yellow mangolds : 1. T Warburton ; 2, 11 Brocklehurst ; hc, T Percival. Three swede turnips : J K Priestner ; I 2, Exors J Blaekshaw ' • h c, H L Warburton. Three swede turnips : 1, It Billington ; 2, NV Fowles ; he, J Taylor. Three yellow globe mangolds : I. W 1 Blackshaw ; 2, T Warburton • hc, H Mawdsley. Three swede turnips : 1, NV Blacksbaw ; 2 K L Warburton; hc, J Darbyshire Three yellow globe mangolds : 1, W Fowles ; 2, H Brocklehurst ; h c, K Billington. Thee purple or green-top swedes : 1, W Fowles ; 2, R Billington. Six mangolds : 1, W Fowles ; 2, R L Warburton ; 3, Mrs Clare. Six swedes : 1, K L Warburton ; 2, NV Fowles; 3, II Mawdsley. Box of potatoes : 1, W Fowles ; 2, H Mawdsley ; 3, R L IVarburton.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

The West Lancashire League reaches its flaal stage to-day when Earlestown and St. Helens Recs. will play off the deciding encounter at Newton. Earlestown had an excellent chance of being champions last Saturday, but they were badly beaten at home by Prescot, and consequently only tied with the Recs., each team having 15 points from 12 games. Mr. James Dodds, the President of the League, will attend the match to-day and present the medals to the victorious team.

Warrington have long since said goad-bye to the championship, but they wound up the League season on Saturday with a substantial victory over Stanley, the wooden-spoonists. The match was played under the best conditions, and Warrington going first to the wicket put on 185 runs fpr the loss of half their wickets. The popular skipper, B. Silcock, was in a lively mood and rattled up a fine 62 not out in confident style. T. Wright and the earlier batsmen failed to do much, bat excellent support was given to the Captain by S. Partridge, a promising young batsman who hit up 47, and W. H. Podmore, one of the veterans who has had a good season. He made 27 and got a couple of valuable wickets. Cresswell and Callon each had four victims, the visitors not giving a great deal of trouble in compiling a lifeless 80.

The second eleven spoiled their good record by taking a weak team to Stanley and succumbing by 161 to 119. The \vlis and S. Btxter gave the side a good start with scores of 20 and 4), but only Houghton and Plinston of the succeeding batsmen did anything at all. Both reached the twenties. Most of the others got "ducks."

Only one match was played in the Warrington and District League, Walker's recording a narrow victory at the expense of the " Guardian ' team. A. Ross's 21, out of 31, was the crowning effort. In the Junior League the biggest perf3rmance was put up by Mirshhouse-lane who smothered St. Mary's by 104 to H. Carman took live wickets for six runs, while W. Yates and T. Warburton did most of the scoring with 27 and 33 respectively. 1 For St. JRIII.39'S Juniors, L. Walker lei off with 33 against Holy Trinity, and S. Leigh did the coveted "hat trbk " at the expense of Warrington Excelsiors.

Sankey Wire Mills did well at High Legh, replying to the villagers 47 with 53. Woodcock subscribed 23 late on in the innings or the result might have beea reversed.

At Arley the second team from Grappenhall had to submit to defeat. Dr. Love scored 22 out of 63 for the home team. while Grappenhall could only raise 42. J. Mottram was the only man to reach double figures, and be equalled " Mr. Extras " with a modest ten. Slack did some good bowling, but "love " IT3S too strong for him. _ .

A E Burdett, Castle Rubber ; R Dandy, Robertson's ; ' S Pair, Robinson's; J Appleton, Monk's ; A Gleave, I Whitecross ; W Ellison,Crosfleld's ; R Jefferson,Monk's; A Scott, Longford ; T Harrison, Houghton's ; J Melborne, Orford ; J Welsby,Greeuings ; J Broadhurt, I Fletchers ' • reserves, J Gleave, Whitecross; Joe Locker, Ropery ; C Perry, Ropery ; P Patrick, Greening's. Referee, J Willett ; measurer, J Broadhurst. At 2.2) this (S aturday) afternoon Lady Greenall will , formally present the Greenall Challenge Cap to the I Association.

The final for the -Crosfield Challenge Cup presented for competition by members of the Liberal Club was played on Saturday in the presence of a large gathering. W. robin and H. Daintith were the finalists, and the result was a narrow victory for Tobin. At the conclu- sion of the match Councillor Wilkinson presented the cup to the winner. Amongst others present were Councillor Locker, Mr. J. Upson and Mr. J. Howes, Jun. The victory entitles the cup holder to a gold medal and there is also a medal for the runner-up. In handing the cup to Mr. Tobin, Councillor Wilkinson congratulated him on the great honour of being the first man to have his name inscribed on the cup and expressed the hope that he would long be spared to play in future contests. Mr. robin suitably replied and said he hoped that next year the cup would be won by his opponent, Mr. Daintith. The victor's health was then drunk from the cup.

-- The final in the handicap promoted by the Prince of Wales Lodge of Oddfellon-s was played on Saturday and VV. Roughley by defeating W. Cottam becomes the holder of the handsome silver cup presented by Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P., for twelve months. He is cordially to be congratulated upon his victory.

At a meeting of the Constitution Lodge Independent Order of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity), held at the Pelican Hotel, Buttermarket-street, on Saturday even- ing list, N.G. ‘Vdson presiding, and V.G.Ellison in the bottom chair, it was decided to hold a bowling handicap in connection with the Lodge. It was announced that P.P.G.M. Thomas S. Steel had promised to present a silver challenge cup for competition amongst the mem- bers of the Lodge.—Oa the proposition of P.G. Burdett, seconded by P.G. Henry Taylor, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to P.G.N.I. Thomas S. Steel for his generous oiler. The following officers and members were appointed a committee to make arrangements for the main George H. W. Steel, N.G. Wilson, V.G. Ellison, E.S. Mellor, I.T. Grounds, P.C. Henry Taylor, P.G. Burdett, P.G. Holloway, Secretary Taylor, P.G. Watson and Bro. George Holbrook. It is expected that the committee will arrange for the cup and other valuable prizes to be competed for on either the 12th or lath of September.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The great county match has been decided and Bull's Head are to be 'acclaimed champions of Lancashire and Cheshire. l'hey well deserve their victory and probably no one will congratulate them more heartily than the members of the Cemetery team who had to try conclu- sions with them in the final. It speaks well for War- rington's standing in the bowling world that it was able to furnish both the finalists in such an important competition. During the match excitement was at fever heat, the position at times being exceedingly close, but in the end Bull's Head triumphed by 2l points. It is nine years since the championship came to Warrington, and on that occasion the Warrington South team met and defeated Wigan by three points. The losers have appeared five times in the final since ISM', when they won the championship, that year beating Radcliffe. Last year Bull's Head met Pendleton Belmont in the final but had to admit defeat.

Saturday's match attracted a great gathering, which inoluded all the leading officials of the association. Tom Ellison, the L. and C. amateur champion, wait drawn agaigast his cousin, J. Cleave, one of the youngest members of the Bull's Head team. Cleave won the jack and placed his first wood inches from the little one, only to see Ellison beat it, the amateur champion receiviag well-merited applause all round the green. Cleave played his second wood, again inches from the jack, whilst Ellison rested on his other wood,but only counted one. The closeness of the bowling will be judged when an ordinary sized " footer " would have covered the whole set. Ellison took the young player on a2l yards mark, smothering the jack each end, and the spectators early on witnessed some of the finest bowling over seen on the Crmston grzen.

At the sixth end he led S-0. Visions of the heavy defeat of young Gleave began to dawn on the followers of the Bull's Head team, when at the twelfth end Ellison was leading 14-3. A couple at the next end gave Gleave an opening which he made good use of. Right from corner to corner he gradually overhauled the champion, and in twelve ends he made the gams 13-10. Ellison got a couple, the game being IS all. At the 30th end Gleave wanted one to Ellison two, the amateur champion winning at the last end 21-20.

Hew keenly the games were fought can be judged when at the end of the first four games five points divided the teams. A fine performance by the Cemetery captain (G. Ball, jun.), gave his side the lead. Swanton, his opponent, stuck to him like a leech, peeling at 2-2,4-4, 6-6, B—S, —9, and 12-12. From this point, however, Ball added three 2's and five l's, winning by 21-14. Bolton made a welcome re-appear- ance for the Warrington team, his 21-16 fully justify- ing his selection in so impartant a match. At the end of the eighth game only nine points divided the teams, the spectators anticipating a close struggle until Charlie Roberts, playing for Bull's Head, proved him- self the hero of the match, his fifteen points victory over T. Harrison placing his side out of danger.

Mr. Coombs, on presenting the Crostleld Cup to Albert Gleave, the popular Bull's Head captain, con- gratulated both teams on reaching the final stage of the L. and C. club championship competition.

The Warrington Works Association's annual main commenced on SAturday. There was a fine entry and great enthusiasm was shown in the contests. The scores wilt be found in another column.

To-day 'the charity match with Eccles Workshops Association will take place at Bank Quay and as the proceeds will go to such deserving institutions as the Infirmary and Dispensary and Nursing Association there should ben large gate. We hope local trundlers will maintain their reputation for assisting charities by assembling in full force. The match promises to be most interesting.

The following is the Warrington team :—G Ball (captain). P. and K. ; G Holbrook, Rylands ; J Bowyer, Peuketh Tannery ; T Horrabin, L. and N.-W. ; W Simister, Longford ; A Warburton, Whitecross ; R Clarke, Greening's ; W Randall, Fletcher's ; Jack Gleave, Whitecross ; J Barten Croefleld's ; J Hill, Monks Hall; T O'Brien. Castle Rubber ; W Andrews, Orford; T Forster, Houghton's;

IF THE EVES have a tired sensation, it troubled with habitual headache, if the eyes cannot stand the light, get the sight tested by JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight Specialist, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington, Low charges, Satisfaction guaranteed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tmatms

===== 0002601_19080822_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ME

===== 0002601_19080822_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Agion

• .•

•

-

===== 0002601_19080822_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Rugby Football.

Practice matches are now in full swing. On Saturday last a match between eight of the let Team, and 12 of the " A" team took place, and resulted in a win for the Ist Team by 23 points to nil. A practice was also held on Tuesday evening.

To-day (Saturdiy) another practice will take place; kick-off G. 30. It is expected that a full team will turn out, including the Welshmen. Admission to the practice matches, Id. The gross takings are for the Infirmary.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

The members of the Warrington Club journeyed to Hunts Cross on Saturday to measure their skill on the bowling green, with a tern from the Commsrcial Travellers' Association. From various causes the turn-up was rather small, still a very pleasant series of games was played, the cyclists ultimately winning both the singles and doubles by a small majority, -- Tuesday evening found a section of the club at Bollington again, either the beauties of this spot or host Jefferson's genital smile seeming to have quite a magnetic influence on the members.

Wednesday evenings at Sankey are plainly indicating the approach of Autumn, the time for bowling being now very limited.

To-day the annual flitting match takes place at Little Legh, this fanction generally being conspicuous by the s:nall amount of fish, but tke large amount of fun, obtained.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Polo.

Warrington visited Leigh on ruesday evening last in a friendly match with the Leigh Polo team. It was not a very interesting game, the bath being unsuitable for Water Polo. Warrington scored first, but could not combine at all and in the end were defeated by goals to 3. C. Ashton, who is playing for Hyde Seal this season, assisted Leigh.

The League match with South llill was plsyed at the BAths, Legh-street, before a fiir audion^m. The game is described in another column and the homesters lost 5-3.

Some very exciting swimming was seen in the 50 yards members' handicap. There were 30 entries, which shows that interest is being taken in swimming in the club. There was also an exhibition of back stroke swimming by the Captain of the South Hill team, Mr. Haresnape, who was third in the World's Championship, at the Olympic Sports. Master Miller also gave a dis- play of floating in the water. Considering that he has only been a member of the Club this year his display was very floe. These two events were very much enjoyed by the spectators. The Works Squadron Com- petition, which should have been drawn for on Tuesday last, will be drawn on Monday evening. Warrington play Atherton away on Tuesday evening.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAD POISONING.

Warrington Workman's Compensation Award Terminated.

At the \Carrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.C., Mr. Lindou Riley, barrister (instructed by Messrs. Sharpe and Dtvison, Chester) applied on behalf of the Mersey White Lead Co., Limited, for the termination of an award under the Workmen's Compensation Act in respect of lead poisoning sustained by Thomas Kivelle, 72, Chorley-street.—The respondent was not legally represented. Mr. Riley said the award was made by his Honour Deputy Judge Maxwell on January 23rd. There was an array of medical testimony pro and con as to whether lead poisoning as a fact had ever taken place. It was fair to the applicant and to those who represented him to ,say that it was presented as a mild case and the leading doctor on his side, who spoke to an examination in the previous November, said that his opinion at that time was that the man would be fit for work in two or three weeks. At all events, the deputy- judge regarded it as established that Kivelle had to some extent suffered from lead poisoning and an award of 14s. per week was made. Instead of giving him the short time that was suggested at the beginning as sufficient, Kivelle had now had something like nine months' compensation money and he (Mr. Riley) would call three doetors, one of whom appeared before and two of whom approached the case without any pre- possessions in the matter, and they all agreed in saying there was not the slightest trace of lead poisoning or any of its effects at the present time. Dr. Fox said that since the date of the award he had examined Kivelle forty or fifty times, On the 23rd April he examined him in company with Dr. Joseph and he had then entirely recovered from the effects of lead poisoning. Botween March 22nd and June 13th Kivelle gained 101bs in weight. Dr. Joseph said that when he examined Kivelle on April 23rd be had none of the symptoms of lead poisoning. He believed the man would be fit to work as a labourer.

Dr. Langdale gave similar evidence as than examina- tion on June 18th and said he considered Kivelle was tit to resume his ordinary employment. Kivelle stated that when the doctors told him he was fit to work he went to the White Lead Works and asked for employment, but was refused. He had also tried at other places unsuccessfully. Dy Mr. Riley : Before he brought his claim, he had been dismissed from the works. His Honour said the evidence was all one way and he had no alternative but to find in favour of the appli- cants. The evidence was that for some time the respondent had been fully recovered from the effects of lead poisoning and the doctors said he was as fit as ever he was for his old work. If that were so, he (the Judge) had no alternative but to fled against him. He, however, proposed to reduce the compensation to the nominal sum of one penny, so as not to put him out of Court altogether but to keep the claim alive, and then if respondent was able to satisfy him that he was still suffering from lead poisoning he might he able to do justice in the matter. Mr. Riley contended that applicants ought to be relieved from the obligation to keep the matter open, in view of the medical evidence on Kivelle's behalf that ha should be able to resume work in about three weeks.

His Honour said that under those circumstances he would put an end to the award.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE COLLIERY EXPLOSION.

ONE OF PEARSON AND KNOWLES' PITS WRECRED. Seventy-Six ITves Lost.

A colliery disaster, which has already proved to be the most serious that has occurred in the Wigan district for many years, took place on Tuesday evening in the No. I pit of the Maypole Collieries, Abram, about four miles from Wigan, belonging to the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., having been takers over by them about IS months ago from the Moss Hall Colliery Co. There were over 70 men down the mine when the explosion took place,and nearly all their lives have been lost.

Shortly after five o'clock a terrific explosion occurred, which caused a shock to be felt for a distance of two miles around, followed by clouds of dust and smoke which rose to a great height above the head gear at the mouth of the shaft, while debris was thrown in all directions. Several men who were engaged at one side of the pit had a narrow escape, as a large piece of wood was thrown amongst them, just missing a man named Charles Bolton, of Warrington. Though the ventilation plant was blown, away, rescue operations of the most heroic character were at once in operation. About half a mile from the scene of disaster is the Wigan Junction Colliery, which communicates with the Maypole pit, and down this a rescue party descended, returning at ten o'clock with three men— named William Dolan, Smith and Draper—having had to travel 800 yards to get at them. They found the air breathable at that distance, but beyond it was stated to be gaseous, and several pit ponies were found dead, while five of the rescue party were affected by gas. Large crowds of people from all directions quickly gathered around the scene of the disaster, among thera being managers of other collieries, who eagerly volun- teered their services in any direction in which they might be utilized. Amongst those assembled around the pit were numerous relatives of the entombed men, and many pathetic scenes were witnessed among them. several of the directors of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., were soon at the scene of the accident, including Messrs. Harmood Banner, ALP., W. Bleckly, and W. P. Rylands. The pit almost immediately took fire and rendered rescue operations practically hopeless. The officials were soon compelled to admit the sad fact that the poor fellows down the mine must all be dead. Latest returns put the number of the missing at 7G. The fire is still raging, and rescue work was again interrupted. It has been decided to flood the pit. This will, it is estimated, take a month or six weeks ; and until then the remaining bodies must remain below. Heroic rescue work on the part of two men— Thomas Morris and Fox—who went down to the assistance of a number of pumpers belonging to the rescue party who could not get out has been recom- mended for recognition for the King's medal. Putting pocket handkerchiefs over their mouths, the two men managed to reach the pumping house and get the men out in a state of complete exhaustion. During all the weeks that the mine is inactive the 500 employees will be idle, so that a considerable loss of wages will be experienced in the locality, whilst there will be a heavy drain on the funds of the Lulea- shire and Cheshire Miners' Federation. There is much speculation ss to the cause of the explosion, but on this point no trustworthy information is obtainable. It is computed that the compensation payable to the relatives of the victims will amount to .£lO,OOO or £ll,OOO.

'The Warrington workmen of the Pearson and Knowles Co. Ltd. at the atllam and Bewsey Forge, mill and engineering departments, have promised the sum of Z5O as a donation to the fund for the relief of the bereaved

The seven bodies brought up from the pit and identified by relatives were viewed by the Coroner and jury on Thursday night, qnd subsequently in a little schoolroom, some distance from the pit, the inquest was opened.

. - After formal evidence had been called the inquest was adjourned until September 29th. The 69 bodies yet in the pit will have to be left there until the flooding of the mine has been completed and the water pumped out again.

THE KING AND ABRAM DISASTER. A message has been received by the Mayor of Wigan from King Edward at Marienbad. The King expresses himself much grieved to hear of the terrible disaster which has occurred at the Maypole Colliery, and wishes to be kept informed of the earliest intelligence of those whose fate is still doubtful. His Majesty deplores the loss of life and sincerely sympathises with those bereaved.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS

Latest Quotations BANN. RATE 2% SETTLING DAY AUGUST 27114 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day BRITISH FUNDS. X Consols 2,1% 100 s6a • 2/% Annuities 100 .92± 24% Annuities 100 .85 , Nt. War Loan 21'74 Red 1910 lOO 100 ' Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO .98} Bank of England Stock lOO 270 India Stock 100 .93 • BANKS.

Bank of Liverpool 121 ..37 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO 34R London and County `'o 911 London and Westminster 90 50 Manchester and County l7 ...57. Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...40a Parrs 90 .951 xcl Union of London 151 —3l Union of Manchester ll 257 Williams Deacons 8 —2414 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 _BO Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 ...57f Great Central Deferred 100 ..111 Great Central Preferred lOO ...20 Great Eastern lOO 63 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO 42 Great Western lOO Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 „SG London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...95 xd London Chatham and Dover lOO _lOl Lonion and North-Western lOO ...13Z London and South-Western lOO ...130 Metropolitan . 100 ...351 xd Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO .56 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. lOO 624 North British lOO ...30 North Eastern Consols lOO ..130 North Staffordshire lOO —9O South Eastern lOO ...50 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. $ Canadian Pacific lOO ...177 Grand Trunk of Canada , lOO 19 Do. Guaranteed 100 _93 Do. Ist Pref. lOO —lO3 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO ..89 Do. 3rd Pref lOO 47 SIIIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO 18'3 do. do. do. Perpl. 5',4 Pref 10 —26;3 BREWERIES. Bass, Raton Efe aud Gretton s;'. Cum. Pref. lO ...160 Bell and Co. Ord lO ..9/ Bents Brewery Ord, Boddinton's Ord lO ...,WI q Chester s Ord lO •91 Groves & Whitnall s^l Cum. Pref 10 ...4 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO .730 Parker's Burslem Ord. lO 8, xcl Springwell Ord. 5, Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO —2l Walker (P.) & Son s^'. Cum Pref 10 _Bl MINES. British South Africa (Char;* 1 —l5/0 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 _BO East Rand Proprietary 1 ...la Hendersons 1 4,6 Johannesburg Consolidated I 20;3 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...39/6 Oceanag 1 131- Rand Mines 5/- •••6i Randfonteins 1 -.32/6 Rhodesia Exploration 1 , .194 Tanganyika 1 70/- Transvaal Estates 1 .12f.

, Zinc Corporation 1 (VG TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO —.59 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO .103 k do. Def. Ord. lOO .121. do. let Prof. G^:, lO .11 do. 2nd Prof. Minimum 6% N. Telephone 31% Deb. Stock 100 ...9Si The above list and prices have been compiled by Nlessra. T. and J. L. Tunqtall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bow-soy Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

JOHN WALKER, & CO.

LITHOGRAPHERS. EGOKBINDERS. . STATIONERS. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080822_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
• . • . , 6 , The Examiner Saturday August 22 1908 9 1 • . . . _ -••-- - • - . WARRINGTON THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK. DEATH OF MR. T. R. SHEPHERD. . ~, ,A, .....,;,...;;„....,.,..,f.,,,,,,,r.1f:..,,,,,:,-,. .._,,.......„„::.,.,„„ 4.,.,.i,:':,W•j:••".:...- i...• t.':•:.-1:i::'• '' ' • 1:%.;•:,,1i...'i...eii:?;'..:7.4..... - ' -''''' ,'.. :': 5- 1" ' 4'3' . ... - . '-:,.iltr.-.4".•.ii . .`„ ~',, ' -...:._.-... ' _ ..-rili!l..- ,' . 0.1.' ..%. st. 1,:-, -:., .. ---„,.. .„.:,:.„,„,......c._,,,, , 9 9 The Late Alderman Francomb's Will. ~ --,... _______ v. = CFROK OUR LONDON' UORRESPONDENT.] :.-,,:. ~,,,,„...v., ::. ~, - , . .. , . ----1,, .. -.:,..:ii,.. .:1K,i.41-. -,4--''''' - V'''' ::),,k '4. Tr•v:,:;'. '4 • y,s. The will of the late Alderman R. W. Francomb, of Sequel to a Cycling Accident. :-,. 4.,.......t:5....t.,: 4. - ' . ~,,E... '.-,5.;..,Y;.1.A,•„!1i. f,, ' ~ .1.: . ,;`1,3i1i,..11(4.441i1'''' ',.osC4.,'..2":P:k':V:ift•;t‘ -fi , 6.1 ,BLIEvE .. Wilderspool, Warrington has been proved at £4,842. THE OLD AGE PENSIONS ACT. , ... i e e s .6: • 1,- `l"erk se e - Successful Dog Fancier. Acts of Parliament have to be drafted with an eye to the possibility of doubtful interpretations, if legal _________ A familiar fieure has been removed b the dea h .I:re..,e, -,Iii,;.;e:„:;e:;.:2,- ,- _ e- ,e..,-,wf,....:,-e,-.;-,.:-. :,.'-'s4.-ik:':- • -li'-;1:'-- .'iiio:' ' ~.:'''.ii':'.'"'--t''."'''';'' :* .ilsiir:.:!:2 ' "';gie: i.ser M-,e-1.,t :-.."..,"' -.` \i• .1..,:-#':-., i:1::\r ,'...:.XV.02::"A`.., '';il,:,i'ait.P.ll'*;:iO4';'*...:g." , which tOOk place last Friday afternoon of Nylr. Thomats ' Mr. Fred White, of Knutsford-road, won a first • . dis utes should arise in regard 'to their meaning, Richard Shepherd, 70, Bew's.ey-street, at the advanced •.-- .., prize with a retriever at the Denbigh and Flintshire ratrier than to the layman's idea of lucidity and . -,.. UNCLE :.,„..,.,:vi, f,' , .1 - ~-' 4- . ,(4:04,,it:- ~ ',.i.t,,:0: . age of eighty-nine. The deceased was attempting to ''' - NED ' she e ‘„es-„ai/.., . /14.4‘,:5..5., ;,k 1••••;,,':-t,-4... • - ..,.-, Agricultural Show held at Ithyl last week. ,- hs. • h - * ._. roseee e i eraseereee , . -ere,- .. simplicity. It is the necessity of guarding every cross the roadway near Parr's Bank on the Ist inst. .. . , - "-.' ' !,;:e-ri:a ' ' ~ :::.kri *' - It..as L'':aMk,,,::- . . `,:, ~ :re1'..,4,-,7.!;, „e4l. . _V-A...0:' ..i1;-„, .- '.. '`\,) -- ' - Reckless Motoring. loop-hole against future misconstruction that makes when he was knocked down by a cyclist. He sustained se .. ss e er!..#l-; '- - . '3.'07- fr'l- Z-N '.. 'l..' .1.:. IV :,:•..,..' ..P.7t-:,:x.. :.:;,..q../..,17 • ' --.,„,- . , ~.0,-,- - _-_,....,..• _ _ - - - 'sea OS!, e. e-•• • •••e• - ;A. . ' ' g tii.4)iU.:4l.- e' -___ .... At Frodsbarn, on Wednesday, Frederick Howard, of their style of:en involved end' cumbersome. Many ---_:_-___ ‘ ''S‘: ‘A.\ a broken hip bone and at his age/ the shock also had a serious effect. Mr. Shepherd was many years ago in Chapel-laneeFrodsham, son of a Runcorn shipbroker, readers will probably be glad to have a summiary of . it,o,if•acctoicnesiadseraa triseliciwtoeariitltheHteow:ciaasnda reteivreoci possessed e wee HOW FeDDIE PREACHED. • . , ---m. e- -.es oh•- ' - teLN,,,,it:,:\.,,N‘ was fined £5 and costs (12) for driving a motor-car the Old Age Pensions Act setting. out in simple terms me.. DEAR CHILDREN, I iet big enough I'm going o e a , il recklessly in Chapel-lane. It was alleged thee the main provisions, and explaining especially who d ut Roman Catholic and was a constant worshipper at St. Alban's I daresay some of you noticed that I did "When net hleve my usual' weekly chet last week. t b .--. reacher " said Eddie, one day • - - .• • • ‘,. 4, *.I. • defendant was driving at an excessive speed, consider- are entitled to receive pensions ; the amounts to be Church; to which he gave a large sum of money some Well, it had to be written during the holidays P e What' is a preacher ? " esker; grandina. I , - Aeles- •ih, 4'estt ih`es ing there are two bends in the lane. The car collided awarded ; the limitations and restrictions imposed ; years ago towarde the renovation of the altar. His to be I,n time for the paper, and consequently it Eddie looked surprised. "Don't you know 1 .r. 1 1::::.;'. ' , - -__-:-;-- : e. se. --- --- ---•-e's di" -JO ""...../....;..--"" . ,--- , NA" • :\''.‘A<N\t‘ x, N • with the tonyetrap of Edward Monks,grocer, Runcorn, tmhae a and smas ed it up. , Warrington.-Advt. . , cwhi nye ri yn fwohr iacitllj uckciaratingnitretse beelaimmasclean; danpdaylahge , ' - The Old Age Pensions Act comes into force upon a" bdeoran al ti ti 3,;nwoaP fAroto2 etre aillwni ant,iirtmloanrf anewnhsronnheFganyde gomt 1 Mr S. Bri house Connty Coroner held the inquest •sted. I hope you all had a_ very nice ti eo.ni in one thing we were all very much twhhatt t all preachler ish? t Ath preßechill er isa the nAial to you." ' b d ys, Third y, my brethren, arid every o y ‘ p TENNIS, CROQUET AND GARDE.N REQUISITES.- the pensions. He was a bachelor and lived a somewhat secluded life. favoured, and that was in the weather. Ihe he , • l ....... ,• ete, THE INQUEST. should think it is many years since we have -: 4 • .„-':. % .------'-- .-'.. . . . 7 •*l‘l'S \,l,„‘Vt J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge street, CONDITIONS AND DISQUA.LIFICATIONS. listens to him. It's nice to have people listen .' had such a loyely spell of summer time. I -.. te, ~ , . ,leek: \\\*e\ Music in the Park. gton Poems tat on on It onday morning. at the' Warri: ' • S I ' f have been going through the holiday essays, , . January Ist, 1909. It Provides for the Payment of Walter Shepherd, retired cotton_ spinner and manu- and .am most pleased with them. You have Grandma Smiled "I think ou are big enough to preach now," she said.y , . We The Salvation Army band will play the following Old Age Pensions to all persons of seventy and over facturer, residing at Brooklands-avenue, Burnley, stated seen, by the quantity printed that a large num- , - - ..4..; etehe'"` 'Bhally and truly, grandma ? " asked the lit,t,lye boy eagerly ,0.••••,00d.0•00..•;0000.h/e . ~.. 0 R\. selection of music in the Park on Sunday at .3.15 :- who have been British subjects for twenty years and that the deceased was his cousin. He was a solicitor ber have been sent me. You will readily under- . • Anthem," Before Jehovah's Throne," Slater ; march, have resided for that time in the United Kingdom, by profession, and was in partnership with the late Mr. stand that prizes cannot be given te all, and ~ Moore many years ago. Witeess saw him about three those unsuccessful members must try again. I a t ly d o'ri' I' e' e.r n' s' ' Tferaaildly t week's paper the• names of the prize- . Sea," Slatm ; selection, " Swise Melodies," Slater ; Nor is anyone qualified for a pension who is in eyesight was failing. A fortnight ago his housekee grandma. tetichte ant:tat: es • ..---1' '- . ' ._..o4.2°il'''/ -le • " Vesper Hymn," Hawkes ; selection, " Beautiful unless they are disqualified for certain specified reasons. stream,' Sfeter ; selection, " Hebrew Melodies,' No one is qualified to receive a pension •who is in Slater ; march, " Melbourne," (lore ,• selection, " The possession of means exceeding 131 10s. a year. " God save the King." Mr. Jas. Lee, conductor. Theft of Boots. James White, of 19 Gas-street, was charged at the . Police Court, on Monday nith stealing a pair of boots months ago, when, he WAS in good health, though of late nmeuxst thank all competitors for very geed con- . years he had not been very active. He had the peculiarity of walking with his head down while his January Ist of the present year. There is, however, bicycle, that be had been seen by two specialists, and no disqualification on account of (I medical or that the case was•very serioute Witness came over and 1 • d" stultica assistance (inclu ing food or comfort) supp le - / I- d found the old gentleman fairly well considering the seriousness of the accident. Mr. Shepherd 'said it was tributions and say that if they will look. in , With love, --he-- AN IDEAL HOLIDAY. - UNCLE NED. ~ not," ri,usaid.", Eddie, -after, a few minutes of thought, or I d know how, and I ::HWehatatkdesoeas do that." • "Oh, yes you can," said grandma. -"Here is per • • winners will be found ehner,sdpioaifinsrsitt?. " I aesakne,dt . receipt of poor relief, or has received poor relief sinee informed witness that he had been knocked down by a ' on the recommendation of a medical officer • of (21 for ou to ex lain: 'Be -e kind one a good text, ~ y p y from the shop of Messrs. Baker and Co., 14, Horse- . • • ' • a pure-accident, and did not attach any blame to the A holiday should not be spent in hot, stuffy maintenance of a dependent in a lunatic asylum, e to another. a merket-street, on Saturday night. Prisoner pleaded cyclist. trains, crowded shops, and streets. It should WHAT DOES THIS WARRINGTON A WARRINGTON WOMAN. guilty. He WAS seen to take the boots from the door infirmery, or hospital, Or payment of appendeeye The Coroner : I understand , his right hip was be restful, and not. too long. The eummer is, h "dThere,:s nothing to 'splain 'bout that," sail , uneral expenses., or .on account of ( ) any relief fraceured ? ou ust be kind to everybody, an ie. Y 3 _ of the shop by a little boy named George Peplow, who ' of course, the best time to teke a holiday.- Fresh Ed WOMAN TELL US? i " I have been perfectly well declared not to disqualify for the Parliamentar vote. Witness : Yes. • an unshine with good food for a that's all there is of it." informed the managen-Defendant was arrested and e • S" _ , . air, reet, d s , , . . A erson is dis ualified for a ension who has The Coroner :is there any suggestion that the cyclist. 1 h ' , week or two, aids one's health. If I could A good text, though, for my htt e preac er s taken to the police station. He was sentenced to . P . q• P '. . ______ Cured since my enrkby your pills," three months with hard labour. habitually failed to work, according to his ability, . has done anythirrg wrong ? Witness : No. I choose where to go, I should say Canada. first sermon. I should like to have him preach, She tells us what thousands of 1 s Months. said Mrs. Lucy Selby, 52, PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER -rife CLOCK FOR BEST apportunity, and need, for the maintenance of himself Ernest Haddock, ad $ fTh H ge I , son o °MPS addock, it Many English people have been there and, by from for a week Devonshire-place, Tbelwall- • BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.-Advt. "Preac wek? Wh randma I an't." and those legally dependent on him. But he is not 2 • • • what I have heard, I should think it is very h a e y, g , c , White-street, said on Saturday, the Ist inst., be was to be disqualified on these grounds if he has continus riding a bicycle down Elorsemarket-street, and was nice. I daresay France and Belgium are very "Can't you be kind to everybody you nieet others—nien and women—tell us— late, Latchford, Warring h. r is, 7 reil2 hteeit Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. ously, by means of payments to Friendly, Provident, carrying a smell parcel in his right hand. He noticed nice, especially in the counDry parts. for one week ? " . • moathe after telling of her cere. " Many know - There was a good attendance at a, meeting of this or other societies, or Trade Unions, or by other Mr. Shepherd come out of Parr's Bank and attempt to , CISSY FLETCHER. Eddie looked thoughtful. "Would that be . . preaching ? " he asked. . That Doan's Backache Kidney bow ill I was, and remarked how different .1 society held on Sunday. Mr. (1. H. Mills presided, approved steps, made such provision against old age cross the road. 'As witness approached he rang his bell , —4,--- , Ilooked afterwards: I became quite strong and spoke from the text " Rejected." Mr. H. sickness, or infirmity, or want or loss of employment, and also shouted.. Mr. Shepherd stopped' and witness -AN IDEAL MONTH'S HOLIDAY. "It would, and the very best kind. A good 'lie cure kidney disease and all its pi witlethe use of Doan's Pills, and six boxes Llewellyn gave an address upon " Work," and urged as may be recognised as proper provision •for the same time the intention of each beim" Freed up at the , . 1 t the other pass. Both started again at the same reacher has to preach in that way; or people e I love to go to the seaside when my Summer P • . . . h his heerers to build ap manly characters by willing- purpose by .regelations framed under this Act. - Any time, holidays come round, and my choice is for will not listen to what he says in the pulpit. of them cured me." with the result that witness caught his arm and "Well," said Eddie . • " , with a sigh, I suppose . nests, energy and purpose. Mr. W. apayton presided such provision, .when made by the husband, in the knocked him over. Witness got eff his bicycle and gave Blackpool, where I can certainly enjoy an ideal attendant troubles. • Here is what Mrs. Selby told us just after at the organ and rendered the solo, " Jerusalem the case of a married couple living tegether, is as respects his name and address to a constable. I t bt I 'h• k• 'bo tth t month's holiday. If I had plenty of money, I can ry ; u wasn tt in ing u a . her cure :-" I was so ill with kidney complaint should prefer going there in a motor-car, so kind of preaching." Golden," which was greatlY appreciated. Mr. Joseph any right of the wife to a pension to be treated as Thomaril Perdue, cab driver, 67, Legh-street, who 44.17 • Doan's Backache Kidney Pills for five years that I didn't know what to do for Owen also took part in the meeting. The Secretary provision made by the wife as well as by the husband. witnessed the accident from his vehicle, which. was that I cou . 'll bli • 'b d htth t ld see some of the lovely country as . ou e s owing es ery oy w a a verse we pass on our way. Having arrived there, I In the Bible means,, you know," said grandma. standing outside Parr's Bank, corroborated the last . the best. I have many a time been doubled up (Mr. B. Farrar) gave a hearty welcome to a new No pension will be paid to a person who is being with the pains, which were round my loins, and member. s , , detained in any asylum within the meaning of the witness's statement. He said Mr. Shepherd walked should choose a house close to the North S ore, h "It's not kind to the teacher to whisper in into the cyclist, when both started forward again. so that I could watch the sea when I was in school," said Eddie the next day ; and he did act only on the kidneys and bladder Lunacy Act, 1890 -[in the case of Scotland, within Haddock hardly touched him, when he fell, the house. Then, when the tide is out, I love not whisper once. I did not know how to straighten Myself. My Choir Trip. , head ached so badly at times that I could On 'Saturday ehe adult members pf the Church of the meaning of the Lunacy (Scottande Acts, 1857 to The Coroner : That is a very congested part in atebe on the sands, where I can always depend "It's not kind to Bridget to play along the —help them to filter the blood— 9 - 1000, and in the case of Ireland, within the meaning moreing . upon finding pleasure and amusement ; some- road and keep my dinner waiting, either" ; and scarcely see. The doctor told me I was suffer- the Sacred Heart choir had their annual outing, West 'n from kidney disease, but I got no better Kirby being visited.' The party left the Central c- t fhe Local Government (Ireland Act 18981-or in Witness : Yes. . times with my bucket and spade, sailing my he 'hurried home from school. • ) : s P.C. Hamblettalso gave evidence. to take out the uric acid, and 1 g Station by the 12.56 train, and on arrival at Liverpool 1 lunatic any place as a pauper or crimina . boat, playing cricket on the sands, and lets ot "It's not being, kind to mamma when I don't under his treatment. Addressing the jury the Coroner said they would all Disqualification for the receipt of a pension follows • ' • • other outdoor games. Then, again, when the do errands promptly," he said ; and he did . crossed by boat to Seacombe, from which place they be sorry that one of their townsmen had come by his • impurities that cause the aching "Hearing of Doan's backachelkidney pills, I upon imprisonment without the option of a fine before journeyed by train to then destination. Tea was • . , . death under such circumstances, more especially as Mr. 1 .. ' . sea is calm I enjoy sailing in the yachts and quickly and well whatever he was bid. got some to try. Now I can truthfully say they partaken of at the Ring o'Bells Hotel, after which the 'Pr after thexassing of the Act, during the term of Shepherd had lived to such an advanced age. h h• E d dlld h h htbtht i rowing boats. It is fine fun to ave a bat ein - very ay an a ay e t oug aou w a - back ; cure dropsy, heart trouble, have done me more good than anything else I ' male members of the party were busy on the bowling imprisonment and a further period of ten years. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," , , , P ' the sea which is I believe a e lendid exercise. was kind, and tried to do it. • ever used. (Signed.) L. SELBY." green, while tha ladies toured the promenade. list from blame In the case of a person of sixty years of age or and exonerated the cyo . ,If at any time it should be wet and cold, I The end of the week came. "How do you like . • Brilliant weather prevailed and the outing was a corn- upwards who on conviction is liable to have a deten- THE FUNERAL. I oould go into the Tower, where I can see wild preaching? " asked grandma. .. bearm--down pains, headaches, tion order made against him under the Inebriates Act ! beasts, birds, fish, and reptiles, which would h Why, I like it ; but, grandma, I guess 0 plete success. Warrington was again reached at .- . - • • ' The funeral took place at St. Peter's, Woolston, on certainly he very instructive as well as enter- everybody has been preaching 'bout that text. Yiu can obtain them from any Chemists or Stores, e 598 and Is not necessaril b the revisions of this • . or post free direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8. 11.25 p.m. The arrangements were ably carried out , . . s', 3' I! . Tuesday. The officiating clergy were the Rev. Fathers t• 'n The ami g. n, again, at the South Shore I can for everybody has been so kind to me.'^ Act, disqualified for a pension, it is left to the dis- nervousness, sleeplessness, etc We'ls-street Oxford-street. London, W. ;- 2s. gd. per by the choirmaster, Mr. a. Gibbins. Whittle, Bugging, Primavesi and Dolan. Amongst those • nd plenty of excitement and fun by going on ___4___ . • box, 6 bcxe for Ty. gd. So as to'avoid all chance of . cretion of the Court to fix a period of disqualification present were numerous members of the congregation of fi • • • • • mistake ask distinctly far DOAN'S. . Local Athletic Successes. for a pension, not exceeding ten years. St. Alban's Warrington, and St. Peter's, Woolston. • ' the water-chute switchback railway, flying TRY AGAIN. • • At Preseot sports on Saturday, held in connection machine, and lots of other novelties, which all , WHO IS ENTITLED TO A PENSION. There is a little word with the Prescot Athletic Club, 11. Boyle, of Warring- . et. help to make up a very enjoyable time. Black- That never should be heard. , . ton,was placed third in the quarter-mile obstacle race, ill be reen then that an rson a over It w , , yPe () . pool can boast of the. possession of three beau- Those who are brave' and gocid , • and A. Ford, of Warrington, ras two yards behind seventy years of age, and (b) who has been a-British WARRIN G TON COMPANY , PROSECUTED. , tiful piers, where I can hear some splendid . Never say "can't." • the second man (Blinston, of Sutton Harriers) in the subject and resident in the United King hlom for I music kid singing. Large steamers leave two , ~ . . . I of the -piers every day, and I can have a sail to . . . What if the task is long ? - . . 1 ~ mile Rat race, the winner being J. F. Rice, of the twenty years on January Ist, 1909, will then be , , t What if the sums go wrong? . -•- entitled to an Old Age Pension, if not dis ua cj, liaed Return of Shareholders Not Filed. ' the Isle of Man, Southport, or Liverpool. The s - , sefton Harriers.-At Swinton Football Club sports on ! Promenade is supposed to be the largest in the 'lf at first you don't succeed Saturday, in the two miles junior team race, Warring- (e) by being in receipt of poor relief . during the past A -- t the Warrington Police Court, on Thursday, a corn- North of England, and it is a splendid ride on Try again. ,h , _ ~ _ , ton A.C. were placed first. In the mile flat race, J. year, (d) by having neglected to work according to " pany trading as Robert Henshall, Limited, Knutsford- the tramcar from one end to the other. Then, - One hasty word 'twixt friends. ._. , Twiss, of Warrington (119 yards), obtained second need and ability, (e) by being detained in e lunatic road, Warrington, was charged with neglecting to flie again I can take the "tram to Fleetwood, Oft en a quarrel ends, : • - .. ,:•- ' ' - - , ''' -'.1,.. -' e.", e :. s•••••*:: place, being beaten by W. Parker, Clifton, who had asylum, (f )by having been sentenced to imprisonment the annual return of shareholders in compliance with Lytha'in, and St. Anne's. The latter place is a Then try to make amends, . .i 130 yards start-At the Rochdale Cricket Club without the option of a fine within a, period of ten the Board of Trade instructions. beautiful one, and I have been very interested 'Never say "can't." , . Sports, R. Bennett. Warrington A.C., 'secured second years previous to the claim and ( b ossession of Mr. Forshaw (jun.) who prosecuted said that the • ' in watching the lifeboat being taken -out by the If you have given pain, .1 e BACKACHE KID NEY PI LLS ~,-, prize in the mile flat race./ an annual income exceedin £3l 10s. g THE AMOUNT OF THE PENSION. ' 5) Y P annual return on h ' g t to have been forwarded at the latest on January 7tb. The registrar of the joint stock lifeboatmen for practice. These, and lots of other things too numerous ,to mention, all Try to make friends again, Kind words are never.vain, • . , . ' - - • - • • - - - - e-- hessxesosserhe eh -;, ' es-hoeshoie Motor Accident. companies sent a notice reminding them of the omission, , • . , • - The amount of the pension will vary according to but no notice was taken of the reminder. ,It was make one say that it has been an ideal month's Try again. At 11.40 on Saturday morning a motor car, driven the amount of the Pensioner's yearly income from all absolutely imperative that the Board of Trade should holidayo , WILLIAM R. FARRAR. _e____ . .. . _ . .. . - .. - .. ... - - by Mr. C. A. Hutchinson, Beeches-road, West other sources. The highest income which does not have these returns, and companies shonld conform to i —4,-- WHY THE MONTHS ARE SO NAMED. • - • ' • - 1 WHAT WE SHOULD AVOID. The word " month " is 'descended from the at n slotv rate when a youth named Robert Petty, son The pension awarded rises from ls. at that limit to ss. tion that had taken place in this district. In a well-known National:School, a clergyman MEMORY DRAWING oF PLANT FORM.-First class : ~.,setxons, and ei.m, ply enea;ns. the time wlliten. it Mr. F. R Roberts, who defended, said it was only a was questioning a class of boys on their reli- SCIENCE AND ART EXAMINATION Margaret E Clare, Thomas B Whitby, Dobson T Clark,- 0 melee -rry, - , f J Pe ' 996 L 1 l t dffth f ot "- -P9 Th fll • -we y- ane, s eppe o eo - for incomes of not mere than --I. e, o ?wing small company, the shareholders numbering eight or gious instruction. He endeavoured to empha- mooneth. ' ~ January is from the a n RESULTS. Alfred Cooke and Emily Plinston. Second class : Jane E Pearson, Sydney W Clatworthy and Reginald C was placed in the car and taken to the Infirma path in front of the car and was knocked down. He table shows the pension per week corresponding to nine. In the present case the information had been • th v* t f avoiding occasions of sin. 17 the different scales nf yearly income from all sources regularly forwarded for years, and had never varied for !.'s;rh tesheirulude' a° man avoid," he asks, " who year. word Janus, who was god of the sun and " February " is from the Latin word -- Essenhigh. . where he was found to be suffering from a severe together with the yearly income's weekly equivalent :- years. They admitted the offence, and it was due to ie in athe habit of getting too much drink ? " A Februarius, and means the month of expiation, The following examination results have been issued PAINTING ORNAMENT,-Second class : Jane E sprain of the left arm and ineernal injuries. -The INcomE OP PENSIONERS FROM ALL Sot-acts. FENsioN forgetfulness on the part of the secretary. because the Roman festival of purification. by the Warrington Education Department this week :-. 1 Pearson. , same motorist, Mr. Hutchinson, had another accident , . YEARLx. WEEKLY. PER WEEK. The magistrates imposed a tine of LI. and costs. - bright-eyed, but rather forlorn-looking, lad was " Please, sir, a police- occurred in February. " March " is from-Mars, . ready with an answer : BOARD OF EDUCATION.-SCIENCE. PAINTING FROM STILL LIFE -Second class : Jane - at Lytham on Wednesday. The car was travelling Not moi a than E2l ... Not more than Bs. ... ss. £2l 00 to 223 12 6 ... Bs. to 9s. ... 4s. CISSY FLETCHER. the " god of war," and was the first month in E Pearson. iman.,,e‘ Apemen MEcireNtcs (Stage 1.)-First class : t I PEPSPECTIVE.-First class : Dobson T Clark, Sydney along Clifton-drive, when it skidded on the tram rails 23 12 6to 26 5 0 ... 19s. to 19s. ... 3s. nla the Roman calendar. The Jews began their Frederick T Light,. Charles I Price and George C. , : W Cta'tworthy and Alfred Cooke. Second class : Jane and turned completely over. Mr. Hutchinson was 26 50 to 23 17 6 ... 10s. to 11s. ... 2s. --O--- ear at the same tithe, and " July " was " Quin- ES 17 6to 31 10 0 ... Ils. to 12s. ... la. . CYCLIST IN COLLISION. As I was walking through Stockton church- Y joynson. '(Stage H.)-Second class : Frederick W . E Pearson. Arthur Clare and Frank Bailey. badly bruised, while another occupant of the car, A. Over 81 10 0 ... Over 12s. ... No Pension yard, about ten o'clock at night, I met persons tilius," or fifth month after March, and its On Sunday a cyclist named James Hosker, of Albert- Sherri-At. Charles E Walker, Thomas A Wilkinson, PRINCIPLES me Otteemhar.-First class : Alfred Jerinings, of Bradford, sustained two severe scalp s name was changed to July in honour of Julius CALCULATION OF INCOME. road, Widnes, was passing along Picton-road, Waver- three, to which you'll agree, if my meaning Andrew Smith and Edward Malone. Cooke. Second class : Sydney W Clatworthy and woundi and a broken finger.-The two men were ou understand right ; but though it seems et:vier. " August " was ' Sextilis," or sixth GENERAL IltoLoov (Section I.)-Pass : Louisa . . In the 'calculation of the means possessed by an tree, when he suddenly collided with the conductor Y th after March. In honour of the Enilperor ! Reginald CEs h* h sen m . taken to Blackpool in another car. (named Cooper) of a tramcar proceeding by the belt strange, these persons were real, neither fames mon lari Hosier. (Section II.)-Second class : 1) an Camp- applicant for a pension, the incorne which that person her men •• Augustus, its name was changed to August. I CITY AND GUILDS OF LONDON INSTITUTE. route to town. The conductor had come off his car to nor ghosts it is true. Still, neit , bell. TEA SERVICES, Dinner Services, Toilet Ware, may reasonably expect to receive in cash in the sue- d th • hth ark his time on h l t e tram c ock stationed in front of , women, nor children were they. Pray, reader, Septem, octo, nevem, ecem-seven , , eig , HEAT ENGINES (Stage L)-First class : Charles M TECHNOLOGY. Large stock, all prices.-J. S. GARLAND, Iron- cd• •t be taken into account ; and if there m ee ing year is o Price, George C Joynson. Second class : Albert W BRIO (MOTU: (Ordinary Grade).-Secend class : Arthur monger, Bridge sts, Warrington.-Advt. the Thatched House, a well-known hostelry. He was • then what were they, say you 7-Answer : A ninth, and tenth-give names to .eeptember, is no other basis to go upon, this must be reckoned stunned, and had one hand lacerated. He proceeded to ' ' d h'ld ALICE loom. October, November, and Deeember7 Clatworthy, Walter Sherratt, and Genre° P Toulmin• he Edwards, Percy Taylor, Erederick.,,W Wright and The Adult School. as equal to the income actually received in the previous town, but afterwards had to leave duty for the day. A man, woman, an c i . (Stage He-Second class : Charles E Welker, Thomas Thomas Evans. (Hononrs Grade).-First class : John —+— --a4-- Evens, Frederick W Sherratt, Andrew Smith, Edward Burston and Daniel Ostia. The adult school recently founded in Warrington is year. Put, in addition to actual- receipts, account The cyclist received a severe cut over one eye. , Vverybody makes mistakes. Things will not THE MAN OF LUCK. Malone and Frank Newell. CARPENTRY AND JOINERY (Preliminary Grade.-Pass: making slow bat very substantial progress. ,The must also be taken (1) of the yearly value of any always come out just as we try to make them, A King once said to his Minister, "Do you HUMAN PHYsIOLoGy (Stage le.-First class : Daniel Ostle. Arthur B Edwards, Percy Taylor, James meetings tako place on Sunday mornings, at the advantage accruing from the personal ' use of any because some -little wrong thing is done, or believe in luck 4 " " I do," said the Minister. Elizabeth A Lloyd, Louisa Hosier. and Samuel E Moss. Heron, and Frederick W Wright. tOrdinarY Grade).- British Workman's C )ffee House, Horsemarket-street, property (2) of the yearly income which might be something that needs to be done is overlooked. e hen you prove it ? " said the King. " Yes, I Second class : Alice Taylor. (Stage II .)-Second I First class : John Burston and Daniel Ostle. Secend but so steadily has tho movement grown that it is to be derived from any property that the applicant has Well, what then? Shall we get discouraged and can I " So one night he tied up ,Pa the ceiling , class : Marion Campbell. class : teidney Atherton. (Honon rs Grade).-1. .st :"-- ho dto he able to remove shortly to larger premises neglected to invest and to use profitably and (3) of let things go as they will. Some people do; but livcieem (Stage Te-First class : Alice Taylor and Iclass : Arthur George. Second class : Albert Wright Ps ' • of a room a bag containing peas anti stones where there will be facilities for ' ' 1 l f ' en ed the establishment of the year yvaue o any benefit or privilege my . such people have a hard life of it. They think ' Louisa Hosier. Second class : Annie L 'Brown, l MASONRY (Ordinary Grade).-First class : John mixed with diamonds, and let in two men, one of Elizabeth A Lloyd, Eleanor It Wright and Sarah Holden. Burston. Second class : John Daintith, Thomas Evans. a social club. Dr. Brown, the senior house surgeon by him. In the case of a married couple living . themselves 'very unlucky, and complain of their whom believed in luck and the other in human MACHINE CONSTRUCTION (Stage I.)-First class : (Honours Grade). Second class : Arthur George, at the Infirmary, the lion. secretary, has had several together, the means of either will be reckoaed as hard fate. The little fellow who is at work on effort alone. Tlie one who believed in luck . . Ernest Light, John Sanders. Maurice Ankland, Rnbert C Daniel Ostle and Albert Wright. well known colleagues and " the school for men, not less than half their total income. In order to his example in multiplication finds he has quietly laid himself down on the ground ; the Parkinson, Harold Ne.:.all, Stanley E Gleam Second INIECIIANICAL ENGINF.ERING (Ordinary Grade, Part I). founded on the Bible " requires only the assistance of prevent any person from depriving himself of income /0 made a mistake. What does he do? Drop his other, after a time, found the bag, and, feeling class : Herbert V Wakefield. (Stage II.)-First class: -Pass : Charles M. Price and Geo:ge C Joenson. -h. . , a few generous friends to assure a development that or property in order to qualify for a pension, such /We), e. slate, and go off fretting and wishing there were in the dark the peas and stones, atehthe peas George C Joynson and Charlesl7l Walker. Second class : (Ordinary Grade, Part II).-Sc :and class : Thomas mus be • I • f h I Al d h • t pioc uctive o muc gore . rea yt e income or property is to be reckoned as part of the . free- rea),.. - . Charles E Price and Robert Chadwick. Evans, Charles ele Price and George C Joynson. MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY (Stage r.)-Second PLUMBER'S WORK (Preliminary Grade).-Pass : school is large enough to aspire to the holding of an applicant's means. A false statement made to obtain i 1 I , Jae is puzzled; but he knows there is a mistake saying, " There are the stones for your idle- class : Thomas Tanner. (Stage II.)-Second class ; Peter Skelhorn, Bertie Marsh,- Albert iinghesi Arthur annual excursion. The Brat Outing took place last a pension may be punished by a term of not more ...45 ' - ' somewhere, -and he means to find it. " Try nese." The men received them in his blanket-, 1 • ~ • • Aedrew Smith. Hughes, Alfred Knight, James Lea and James Daintith. week, when forty members travelled to Great Bud- thin six montlis' imprisonment with hard labour, and ' . • 1 again is his motto. He will begin again, and In the morning the King and the Minister came THEORETICAL Oneextc CHEMISTRY (Stage I.)- (Honours Grade) Theoretical and Practical.-Second wortb, some by train and some by cycle, and met a pension obtained by a false statement may be Second class : George J Rigby and Herbert Womersley. class : Harold V Lea and William J Sharpies. representatives from other similar organizations in recovered as a debt due to the Crown. No pension . . 'lf he does not find the mistake then, he will The man who believed in trying got the peas 1 (Stage II.)-First class : Harold Parker. Second PRACTICAL PLUMBING (Ordinary Gradeh-Pass : the Manchester district. can be assigned to creditors or charged with a debt. - The Dismal Diet do the same again, running through the lines of which he had eaten; , the other got • the . class : James W Rowland, Robert B Benion, Thomas* David R Jones. the multiplication table in his mind, or making diamonds. The- Minister then said, " Sire, Mnlyneux end William R Jackson. . PRINCIPLES OP PLC MEINO (Ordinary Grade),-Pass : Bravery Rewarded. HOW PENSIONS MUST BE CLAIMED AND PRACTICAL ORGANIC CHEMISTRY (Stage Th-First Arthur Hnghes and James Daintith. (Honours Grade). An interesting ceremony took place at the Police PAID. .of a Dyspeptic. them by additions on his slate. He will per- there may be hick, but it is as rare &s peas severe until he gets the right answer, you may mixed with diamonds, so let none hope to live class : Herbert Womersley, Clifton Billington, George Second class : Wilfred Ireland. Station on Monday morning, when Coroner Claims for pensions must be made through the Post • ,be sure, by luck."- .1 Rigby. Second class : Arthur I Newton, John TANNING (Ordinary Grade).-First class : Douglas nh .10,1 1 se made a resentation on behalf of the Office which will supply information.. The Treasury, His Feeble Digestive Organs . . Teingley. Maurica Burgess. (Stage .11).-First class : Gandy and Robert W Aldcroft. Mr. Aldcroft was also -L-wg , , . p _ . .. . ~ . . , I --4:— . —.4—. Royal Humane Society of two testimonials on vellum, an conjunction with the Local Government Boardonay Robert B Benion, James W Rowland and Thomas W awarded the institutes first prize of £2 10s. and a bronze Strengthened `by I Mrs. Biggs (thoughtfully): "I'm afraid I shall "How is it, Mr. Brown," ts•aid a miller to a efolynenx. Second class : William It Jackson and medal, and Mr. Gandy was awarded the third prize of signed by H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, to Mr. make regulations prescribing the evidence required Harold Parker. -el and a bronze medal. (Honours Grade).-First class : Frederick Arthur Yeomans, chemist, Knutsford-road, of the fulfilment of conditions, defining the meaning Dr. Williams' - Pink Pills. , have to atop giving Bobby that tonic the doctor fernier, "that when I came to measure those left for him." ten 'barrels of apples I bought from you, I TrrEnRETICAL INORGANIC CFER.MigTRY (Stage I).- .Tohn H Plimpton and John J Ireland. Second class : and Francis B. Jordan. an electrical engineer in the of residence (this will probably bring seamen and First class : Reginald Wallington and Thomas Tanner. Frank Davies. employ of the Corporation, for attempting to save the others within the seriph 5f the Act, and laying down Toast, milk and soda-wafer-that is the Mr. Biggs (anxiously): "Why ; isn't he any found them nearly two barrels short ? " Second class : Alfred Harrison, Harry L Bairsto and TELEGRAPHY (Ordinary Grade).-First class : life of a young man named Hugh Liebman Parr, who rules for procedure. dismal diet of many sufferers from Dyspepsia better ? " "Singular, very singular ; for I sent thorn in Edward Hill. (Stage H).-Second class : George J Herbert E. Taylor. . . was drowned in the Mersey on June lst.-Mr. When a claim has been allowed by the local pension whose systems are too weak to digest good Mrs. Biggs : "Oh, yes 1 But he has slid down ten of your own flour barrels." "Ahem I Did, Rigby. John Langley, Herbert Womereley and Andrew MANUAL tnincrso (Woodwork) First Years e, . . nourishing food. Yet by that mode of living the banieters six times this morning, broken eh ? " said the miller; "well, perhaps I made Smith. (Stage I-W.-First class : William R Jackson. Examination.-Pass : Arthur George, Daniel Ostle, orighouse stater] feat Yeomans entered the water commi , pe hese the nsion will beein to accrue from the e the digestion becomes weaker and less able the hall lamp, two vases, and a picture." a mistake." _ Second class : Thomas W Afolyneux, Harold Parker and Albert Wright. without taking his clothes off. lie had a struggle with first day (a Friday) of the New Year, and the first to recover tone. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills --f-- ---f— -and Robert B Benton. SOCIETY OF ARTS. with ' Parr, and then got out of the water week's pension will be Paid through the Post Office I t f f I d' t' lave cered the wors orms o n iges ion, "Did you see the moon over your right A young lady, after some six months of bliss- PRACTICAL INORGANIC •CTIEMYSTRY (Stage I).— FRENCH (Intermediate Grade).-First class : Alfred in an exhausted condition. Jordan who lived on the following Friday. - because they give tone to the digestive organs shoulder; my dear I " said- she .to him, as he fully happy wedded life, inquired eagerly of a First class : Thomas Tanner and Reginald Wallington. W Perris and Eveline Wood. Second class : George on the other side of the 1 iver, hearing THE PENSION AUTHORITIES. and strengthen them so that they can without looked over his ishoulder in a startled way, lady friend possessing ripe experience how she (Stage II).-First class : George i Rigby. Second Cox, Harry Essenhigh and Jack Myles. , screams, ran out of the house, and after taking Local Pension Committees will be appointed as i distress or pain assimilate food. while they roamed down the walk. "N -n-no, should best retain the affections of her lord class : Andrew Smith. (Stage III).-Second class : BOOKKEEPING (Advanced Grede).-Second class • fh' 1 • part ois c othes off he swam about forty or fifty follows : 1 The proof is supplied loy Mr.-JosEPH SMITH,: not exactly," he teplied, "but I just saw the and master, so as to ensure a prolongation of Thomas W Molynenx. __, Joseph Marsh, Frank Robinson, George Shaw, Harold . yards to the place where Parr had gene down. He PRACTICAL PLANE' AND SOLID GEOMETRY (Stage ILI. Wood, William K Wood, and Charles Woods. In England and Wales by the County Council, or 1 of 5, Rochester Street, Burnley, who says :- ' old man over my left shoulder, and I'll bid you the ha t fff • Th f • d• 1 ppy s ate o a airs. e rten. s rep y -Second class : Arthur B Edwards, Robert C ACCOUNTING 'AND BANKING.—Second class : Arthur dived several times but could not find the body. Pr -e in the case of boroughs and urban districts with a ; " A few months ago severe pains in my good night" was : "Feed thd brute!" Parkinson, Harold Newell, Herbert V Wakefield and I Newton. was hi the water half an hour. When asked his-name population, at the 1901 census, of 20,000 or over, by ' stomach, back and shoulders followed every - - Thomas Evans. INCORPORATED PHONOGRAPHIC SOCIETY. he said it did not matter and swam back to the other the Borough or Urban District Council. meal, however light it was; indeed,. I was PRACTICAL MATHEMATICS (Stage I).-First class : ee __ , NORTHAM') I NV p. (s 0 ores er minute).-Pass : William side of the liver. When the inquest was held the In Scotland by the County Council, or in the case never free from pain, which also extended to '. Albert Wright, Charles E Walker George C Joynson '' ! . FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT [JUICES. ' - T Eccles. (S 0 words per manute).-Pass : Eric Barnett. jury thought the conduct of both Jordan and Yeomans of royal or parliameatary burghs, by the Burgh my head, side and kidneys. I reduced my . CIIILDREN . and Charles M Price. Second Class : Alfred E Steele, . Arthur J G testy, Daniel Ostle, Walter Sherratt, Arthnr (110 words per minute).-P . ass • Elsie Norbury. deserved some recognition at the hands of the Royal . Council. - meals until I lost all my strength, and my , George. Stanley Swinton and Walter Brandreth. • Humane Society, and on July 16th, at the meeting in ln Ireland by the County Council, or in the •case of blood was starved. All energy and interest . . (Stage HS-Second class : Thomas A Wilkinson and IS MUCH PHYSICAL EXER- London ofebe committee of the society, it was resolved boroughs and urban districts with a population, at the .in my occupation disappeared ; I vomited ; SLEEP WELL ~ CHIVERS" Andrew Smith. to give them the testimonials which he (Mr. Brighouse) . 1901 census, of 10,000 and over, by the Borough or after taking even the lightest food, and my BUILDING CONSTRUCTION (Stage I).-First class : CISE NECESSARY TO had. now the pleasure in handing to them. The Urban District Council. , legs became so shaky that I could I when they are healthy and their L ' Frederick W Wright, John Deintith, Arthur B Edwards • par-chment was not very valuable, but he thought the The members of the Committee need not be mem- . HARDLY TOTTER -ABOUT. food is doing its proper work. and Walter S Lockerbie. Second class : John Williams. REDUCE FAT ? recipients would appreciate the resolution of the ben of the appointing council. Committees may !regarded myself as a Chronic Dyspeptic, for THE BEST FOOD IS ee THE LANCET :-" An excellent Jelly, possessing a Thomas Evan,' end Percy Taylor. (Stage Me-First --- society and the fact that the Prince of Wales appoint eub-committees, and delegate their powers to h many treatments failed to cure me. flavour of quite a natural character." 4 class : Daniel 041 e. Second class : Albert Wright, John Burston, William J Isaac ane Arthur George. had heed hie auto hs' ature es resident A few years ago the eyerage physician would have P , • grah Igo - P them. " Then a friend advised me to try Dr. ' 4 A 'pr. , 4.% r 9 eh rt az ay., ~ . . ART. said " Yes," but to-day less expensive, less strenuous, to the testimonial. The Treasurywill appoint Pension Officers, who are Williams Pink Pills. After taking them for it s and less dangerous methods arc employed. So welr to be Excise officers. They will inquire into all a short time, I was pleased to find that I. 4 ''' i V (-01 .. 11 otj d . IGVIELDDAL JELLIES. understood has the distressing condition ef obesity _claims and repOrt upon them to the Local Pension had an appetite again, and not only a wish eis. esis vemeesh. sa become that one can literally sit in an easy chair at Committee, which will then proceed to adjudicate. If for food, but that I could eat, enjoy and digest . home and reduce the excessive fat et the rate of a half either the claimant or the Pension Officer is dis- , my meals. After taking further supplies of • which for more than So years has Tim FAMILY DOCTOR EAYS :-" We have nothing to one pound a day without previously undergoing satisfied with the Committee's 'decision, appeal can be 'Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I picked up strength ~ helped to preserve and build up the -Mit unquaiified praise, for they are Absolutely any greater exertion than a visit to the chemist entails. made to the Local Government Board, which Is the daily and felt more cheerful. Good, sound • young life of the Country. When . . Pure and free from adulteration." - Any chemist can supply h perfect fat-reducer at a Centrul Pension Authority. - refreshing sleep benefited me greatly, and I ; prepared according to the direc- . could take exercise Without fatigue. Dr. .1 t tions aiven, it is eashy digested and CHIVERS & SONS, Lt a., moment's notice. The following is the ,full recipe :- MISCELLANEOUS. Williams' Pink Pills supplied me with New, e One half-ounce of Marmola, one ounce of fluid extract 1 . assimilated by the most delicate - ' . The whole cost of the pensions and of administrae Rich Blood, and I became stronger and of Glycyrrhiza B P., cne ounce of pure Glycerine 8.P., , Infant and forms IIISTON, CAMBRIDGE. tion is to be borne out of taxes. healthier than before my illness." - - d F kß'l —B -t. • -AI-C -- -- Haywar . ran re ey, ea rme . rompton nee Water to make i unces 'n all A e., --- ----; - and Peppermint s x o i . As it is intended to deal in the near future with the THE WORST CASES HAVE BEEN CURED. A COMPLETE DIET. " dessertspoonful taken after each meal and at bedtime _ Arthur Clare. . whole question of the Poor Law, the disqualification The Chronic Dyspeptic cannot work, eat, - In I/. & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Pacjtels. : FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT [GROWERS' JAM , DRAWING FROM TIFE ANTIQUE.-Fiist Class : will do more for a fat man or woman in a shorter of persons tvllo have received poor relief since sleep, talk or play with any pleasure or profit. FACTORY. --- e,....-,,,,bv. Second class : Arthur Hay- space of time and far more safely than all the exercise . January Ist, 1908, is to the end on December 31st, Every hour of life is full of misery and in the ....4 Alfred and dieting one could croWd into a mountainteering 1910, " unless Parliament otherwise determines." acute stage of -the malady he is hopeless, I summer holiday. DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS - class : ---se helpless and despairing. But the worst cases .eur Clare -- of Indigestion have Yielded te Dr. Williams' IlArea new remedy, which have a maruellous effect in outing . Theodore • Stone-Throwing. Pink Pills, which are also invaluable for , de o..:che, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all is'eases'ofthe Kidneys, Sac. If you suffer, take one pellet seroreshaft, Josee• Chronic Liver Complaint, Sick Headache, hrec times a day, and watch the results. After a few dotes ....red Smith, Waite you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain as General Debility, Anaemia, Nervous Disorders _,07. . i 1 Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Blood Disorders. , riackache,Pc. - Write at once enclosing 12 stamps forone box or 33 stamps ....itICAL DRAWING i 2 Dr. Williams' Pink Pills can be obtained 0r,3 boxes to ..,r, Reginald C Essenh' DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO.. Alfred Cooke. Seer-- 17 from all dealers, or direct froin the Dr. _______ 63 NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHwARK, LON,DON, S.E, Clare and Frani,- - r Williams' Medicine Conipany, 46, Holborn , , MODEL P- Viaduct, London, post free, 2/9 for one box, I Sydne- - . or tele for six boxes. The pills that curc are A •• • • • • Dr. Williams' Pink Pills'

Arom Y.--First class : Sidney W Clatworthy. Second class : Arthur Hayward. DrsiON (Stage I).—First class: Sydney W Clat- worthy, Dobson T Clark. Jane E Pearson and Alfred Cooke. Second clnsa : Reginald C Essenhigh. DRAwiNG OF COMMON OBJECTS FROM MEMOP.T.— First class: Sydney W Clatworthy. Second class: Dobson T Clark. DRIWINO IN LIGUT AND STIADE.—First class: Mildred J Sbakeshaft, Margaret E Clare and Dobson T Clark. Second class : Thomas B Whitby, Theodore Parry, Gertrude Gandy, Sydney W Clatworthy, Arthur Hayward. Frank Bailey, Beatrice M Crompton and Arthur Clare. DRAWING FRONT THE A STIQF E.—Filst Clan Sydney W Clatworthy. Second class : Arthur Hay- ward, Dobson T Clark, HerbEirt H Dell and Alfred Cooke. FREFRA ND DR WING% IN OUTLINE.—First class: Reginald C Essenhigh, Frank Bailey, Arthur Clare and Alfred Cooke. Second class : Theodore Parry, Mildred Lowe, Mildred .7 Sbakeshaft, Joseph Boscow, Thomas B Weaver, Alfred Smith, Walter S Lockerbie and Herbert Rigby. GEOMETRICA DRAWING.—First class : Dobson T Clark, Reginald C Essenhigh, Sydney W Clatworthy and Alfred Cooke. Second class : Theodore Parry, Arthur Clare and Frank Bailey. MODEL DRAWING.—First class : Dobson T Clark, Sydney W Clatworthy, Frank Bailey, Gertrude Gandy, Arthur Hayward and Alfred Cooke. Second class: Jane Gregg, Herbert Rigby, Arthur Clare, Joseph Boscow, Reginald C Essenhigh, Beatrice M Crompton, :lane M Sbakeshaft, Mildred Lowe, Alice M Wood, James E Marshall and Mary Butterton.

The Bray Seal In the Museum. The grey seal recently caught at Paddington Lock is now on exhibition in the Zoology Room in the Museum. The animal has been stuffed and mounted by Messrs. George and Charles J. Mounfield, of Buttermarket-street. The following note on the capture was published in the " Zoologist " for July: —" Occurrence of the Grey Seal (Halichoerus grypus) in the Mersey.—An adult male grey seal *vas shot in Paddington Lock, on the Woolston new cut of the River Mersey, above Warrington Bridge. It was driven into the lock and killed on June 17th, 1908. For two or three days before it was killed two seals had been noticed between Atherton' s Quay and Warrington Blidge, and several unsuc. cessful attempts were made to shoot them. in order to reach the cut the seal must have ascended Howley Weir Latchford, which it probably did at high tide. The animal, which I examined in the flesh, measured :—From nose to tip of tail, 7ft. Gin.; from nose to longest toe of hind foot, Bft. ; girth of body posterior to fore flippers, 4ft. Bin. ; length of head, 141 n. Mr. T. A. Coward has seen the skin and skull and confirms the identification ; he has seen ths grey seal off the coasts of Lleyn and Anglesey, where it has occirred on several occasions, and is of opinion that the species may breed on the North Wales Coast. This is the second recorded instance of the occurrence of the grey seal in the Mersey, the previous one being in the winter of 1860-61, when one was captured in the Canada Dock, Liverpool.

Lymm Coachman Commits Suicide. Frank Brooker, a coachman, living with his parents in the Higher-lane, Lymm, was found dead in an out- house, by his mother, soon after she got up on Tues- day morning. He was at his work on the preceding day and went to bed as usual, but must have got up early and cut his throat without anyone hearing anyl thing unusual. His father was for many years butler to Mr. Dewhnrst, of Oughtrington Hall, and his brothers are all stencil-, hardworking men Deceased worked in Lymm all his life—for some time recently for Miss Fox, of Brookfield, who speaks highly of his general conduct.

At the Borough Police Court lefore the Mayor and other magistrates, Sidney Warburton (13) resid- ing at 25, Lord Nelson-street ; Ernest Pownell (10), 29, Lord Nelson-street and William Perzy (11), 23, Lord Nelson-street, were charged with throwing stones and with breaking two panes of glass in the tannery in Vernon-street. Defendants pleaded guilty. Detective Clough proved the case, and said that he had received numerous complaints of windows being broken in that neighbourhood. The defendants after being severely repremanded by the Chairman were fined is. each.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19080822_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ~ ~.,.....:7,..;i.:.,..i.: - . • ..; .T.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE..

p

-

;,

1 I ,

I

1 /

TO WARRINGTON FROII

AU GUST. FROA ARRINGION Acton bridge-7 11, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 30. 2 53,a3 35, 15, 5 50, G 23,7 25 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a ih'ecluesiays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, ' • • 58, 11 42 all 55,a.m. 1 15, 2 14,4 42,a6 23,7 20,8 37, 98 p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, G 0 p.m. - Blackpool (Land N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22, 530, 7 11,8 35,9 58,11 42,11 55 a.m. '1 15,3 5,4 42,6 28,7 20, 8 37, 0 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. G 0 p.m. Chester-7 31,8 17, 8 53, 9 5,10 28, 11 30 a.m 1212, 12 25, 12 37, 12 55, 1 40, 20, 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 530, 6 4.6 43,7 57, 8 5 10 18, 11 18,11 57,p.m. Sundays- -42, 10 45, a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. r Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23, 9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 1225, 2 48, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 35 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. .60 p.m.. Daresbury-7 31,9 sa.m. 12 35,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, 64,8 5, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 542 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill--7 31, 95 a.m. 1255, 20, 3 19, 445, 64, 8 3 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestosvu-5 30,7 11,8 5, 8 23, 8 33,9 10, LO 15, 10 55, 11 a.m. 12 25, 1 15' 2 48, 3 18, 3 43, 40, 515, 637, 78, 7 40, 9 25, 945,10 35, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 8 35, 843 a.m. 510 6 0, 7 37, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 3 47, 5 15,6 20, 80, 10 4 p.m. Sundays 95 a.m. 240,8 0 p.m. Frodshara-7 31, 95,10 28 a.m. 12 37, 12 55,2 0. 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 530, 6 4, 6 48, 7 57, 85, 10 18, 11 18 p.m. Sundays, 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30, 7 11, 835, 10 55 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 40, 5 15,720, 8 10, 94s p.m. dundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 31, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 55, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 5 30, 6 4, 6 45,8 5, 10 18 p.m.Sundays 8 42 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam and Cad ishead -6 55,7 45,8 10,9 3,9 8,10 35a.m. 1 36,458.7 10,8 22,9 15, 10 2, all 50 p.m. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 18 a.m. 3 15, 50, 930 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 00, 9 53, 10 53 ULM.' 12 33, 1 11, 226, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 920 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35, 810 P.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays onlf. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-al 40, 537,7 5,7 51,8 5,835,850, 9 12,9 20,9 50, 10 35,10 50,11 50 am. 120, 12 50, 1 8, bl 13, 1 50.2 17, 2 50,3 11,3 25,3 32,3 50, 4 5.4 8, 412, 4 50,5 10, 5 50,6 2,6 27, G 50, 7 5,7 50,8 0,8 50,9 3,9 45, 10 15,10 40, b 142, bit 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37, 9 0,9 45,9 55, 11 20 a.m. 1 15, 2 20, 239, 4 46;6 22, 7 10, 8 28,9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 18, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1223, 155, 248, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 7 8, 7 40, 80, 9 25, 10 4, 10 35, ell 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. eSaturdays only.Stmdars,4 51,5 20, 8 25, 9 5 a.m. 2 10, 3 23, 5 10, 80, bO, 108 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 717, 755, 880, 90, 955, 10 53 L. 1233, 111, 2 20, 353 35, 49, 5 15, 610, 7 25, aB3O, 9 30, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,b11 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 45, a 1 15, b 4 55, 530, b 7 11, 85, 823, 8 43, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 17,115 1 59, 2 32, 2 48, a 3 18, 331, 4 0, 4 2. 5 10, 5 15, 5 53, G 20, 6 33, 720, 752 816, laS 53, 9 22, a 9 40, 9 45, a Mondays only, b Saturdays only. Sundays, 245, 456, 7 55 a.m. b 15,6 0, 7 57, 9 3 p.m. 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 922, 0 40, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 245,456,755 a.ra. 5 15, 6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. aMondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 30, 6 55,7 57,8 10, 8 55, 23, 955, 1055, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 53, 255, 355, 4 55,4 53, 5 55, 6 55, 710, 755, 822, 855 9 15, 9 55, blO 2 bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 13 a.m 30, 3 15, 4 57, 50, 7 13, S 55, 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 1029, a.m. 1210, 1 30, 255, a 3 35 5 30, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,b4 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 15, 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 17, 12 25, 1 15, 2 41, 2 43, 331. 40, 426, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 720, 9 22, 9 45, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 843, am 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 93,10 8, p.m. a Saturdays only. 1) MonAays only. Padgate-6 55. 7 45, 8 10, 8 40, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1219, 141, 335, 455, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 915, 10 10, 1150 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 30 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 )5, 6 20, 8 0, 10 4 pm. Sankey-7 5, 8 5,9 5, 100, 11 10 a.m. 12 0, bl 0 al 13, 2 21, 33, 4 12, 5 29, 6 30, 75, 80, 010 blO 5,a1.0 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97, p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 835, a 0.39, 11.4, 120 a.m. 1.27, 3.03, 3 33,4 12, 5 0, b 6. 20,6 30, 8 0, 9.10, 10.40, Etta. Sundays, 9.32, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 1233, 1 11, 2 25, 3 35, 40, 5 15. 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundays 6 30.8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturdays only 'Arpley Station.

Acton Bridge-6 41.740, 8 51,9 40,1057 a m. 12 42, a 3 0,3 55, 4 48, 7 20,8 20 Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-8 0, 8 22,9 8, 102, 1020, 11 59 a.m. 1 17, 2 52, 4 55, 645, 815, 9 10, 105, MO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 55, 4 50, 8 20, 10 in, p.m. a Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. a N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 1015,11 30 1137,a.m. 1 37,3 10, 328. 427,5 20,7 0,8 5, 8 45. 100, 1050 p.m. Sundays 725 a.m. 137, 5 12, 7 45 p.m. Chester-2 15,4 20, 7 SO, 8 20,8 45,9 42,10 12,10 10, 11 45 a.m. 1 25, 22, 25, 30, 3 50, 45, 5 20,5 33, 630, 7 25 7 33, 7 45,8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 215, 420,6 AT 15 a.m. 6 55, 835 p.m. Collins Grsen-6 20, 7 9, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 13145, 2 0, 3 31,3 5„ 5 38, 6 42, 7 37, 9 6, 10 43, alo 53 Pan. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays only. Daresbary-S 9, 10 19711 21 a.m.2 42,1 41,6 2, 710, 33 10 37 p.m. Sundays 733 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 34, 9 51,10 52 a.m.1.17,4 17, 5 35, IS 42,8 24 p.m. Sundays G 55 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Rarlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 45, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 28, 1036, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 2 13, 327, 4-56, 4 43, 555, 655, 7-45, 88, 9 10, 921, 19 47, 10 56, an 0 a.ra. a Saturdays only. Sundays 852, 9 53, 157, 10 3 a.m. 3 45,7 24,10 16 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 54, 9 42, 10 45 12 3, al2 59, 2 11, 3 27, 5 4, 6 2,6 53, 9 19 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 49, 9 0, 103, 11 4, a.m. 2 26, 49,4 29, 44,6 57, 8 23, 8 34, p.m. Sundays 7 17, 7 20 a.m. 24 p.m, Golborne-6 44,8 26,10 17,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 40, IS 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 37, a.m. Sundays 910 a.m. 7 p.m. 14103y-741,S 56,9 59,10 58, a.m. 2 10,2 22,1 4,1 22 • 40,6 47, 8 17,p.m.Sunday 7 3, 7 25 a.m. 7 18, p.m. irlam and C4dishead-6 16, 6 48, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, / 53, 10 23 a.m. I 7, 2 15, 4 51, 7 4,8 56,11 20, p.m. Sundays 8 30,9 18, 1050, a.m. 1 20, 2 22, 6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 840. 9 22, 100, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13, 30, 3 33, 4 25, b 5 39, 69, 6 19, 7 49, 51, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays \8 23 a.m. 233, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 0-15, 6 30, 7 30, 7 35, 812, 8 30, 8 36. 9 15, 930, 933, 9 45, 10 30, 115, 11 30,11 42, 11 45 a.m. 12 33, 12 55 , 13, 1 30, 1 43, 2 30, 2 35, 2 43, 4 0, 4 30,4 33, 4 13, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 635, 7 30, 8 30, 836, 840, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 43, 10 40, a.m. 230,3 15, 3 50, 4 30, 6 15, 6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.) -a 2 35,5 50, 6 10,7 0, 85, 35, 9 5, 9 30, 953, 11 0 a.m. 12 21, 120,245,30, - a 35,4 15,4 20, 4 50,5 10,610, 6 55, 8 25, 8 35,9 0,1310 5 10 45, b 1115 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20a.m.2 10,6 30,7 15,1045 pm. Lymm-7 48,832,9 14,9 52,11 3 a.m. 1211,1 11,a1 37 15, 2 50, 330, 4 18,135 31, Cl, 641, 731, 9 45 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdaysexcepted, Sundays 8 15 a.m. 225,715 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30, 7 30,733,8 30,a9 0, 15,930, 91130 30, 10 35, 11 30 ..m. 1230, 1250, 1 30, 2 30, 3-30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, G 0, 6 30, 045, 30, 880, 835, 925, 1020, a 1055, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 90, 9 25, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1253,1 40,2 0, 2 5, 6 0, 6 35,8 30,9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, Pm. 1230, hl 5,2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 29, 6 5,6 55, 1 5,5,‘ 110, p.m. Sundays 730. a.m. 1 40,6 30 p.m. Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 59, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 53, a 3 12,4 8, 4 50, 133 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 453 p.m., a Nrednes- - usa:a and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 19, 8 40, 9 7, 9 29, 1013,10 23,11 8 au. 12 33, al 15, a 1 33,3 7,4 7,4 31, 4 50, 5 38, 5 19, 6 27,7 41, 85, 931. 10 2, 1053. all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 28, 9 50, 100 a.m 340 7 9n • f fll 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 27, 6 58, 80, 8 21. 90,10 3 a.m. 1 20, .2 0, 55, 6 25, 7 15, 98, 10 25, 11 32p.m. Sundays c 53, 11 11 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 26 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 0, 4 30, 5 40, 6 30, 8 2G, 10 20 p.m. Sankey-7 5a7 50, 8 33,9 25, 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. ~35, 1 40,2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26, 6 23, 7 25, 8 15 • Oa 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37,9 15,10 12 a.m,4 3 8 54 _utbport-7 50, 90, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 40 .5, 5 23, 7 15, 85, a 9 5, 10 0. Sundaya 9 0, •0, 7 50. a Saturdays only. _Thelivall-7 51, 8 36, 9 18,9 51, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, ai .!.1 41, 29,255,331,4 3, P.m. Sundays, 811 a.m. 2 29, 719 p.m. a .."14 Q days only. b Saturdays excepted.

, 1,1 ' , • •' • . ~ ; , # ; 4 ,c - ti , s' Cc ' •

/

===== 0002601_19080822_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FOSTAL AND SAVNGS BANK REGULATIONS

For further particulars see "Post Office Guide," at any Post o;fiee. POSTAGE STAMPS.. _

Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny stamps are now on sale at each post oflice. Price 2s.

INLAND CORRESPONDENCE.

The term-" Inland Correspondence" means cor- respondence posted within the United Kingdom, including the Isle of Man end the Channel Islands. "Inland Correspondence " is divided into the following classes : (a) Letters (d) Newspapers (b) Postcards (e) Parcels (c) Halfpenny packets Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can he trans- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size. LETTER POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... ld. For every additional 2 07. d . A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a letter insufaciently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one foot in depth.

POST-CARDS. The prepaid rate of postage ou every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the materi.:l used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 5} inches in length by 3} incl4es in width, or be less than 31 inches iu length by 21 inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and finch wide) bearing the address may now be atfixed to the address side of card. If ary of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. HALFPENNY PACICET POST. The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 2oz. in weight. Printed matter, Brc., not in the nature of a letter, may be transmitted by this method. NEWSPAPER POST. The prepaid rate of postage on a registered news- paper, including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others is Id. Newspapers not registered at the General Post Olice are treated in the pcst like any other printed matter.

PARCEL POST. The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: For a parcel ... ... not exceeding 1 lb. 0 3 jp exceeding 1 lb. f 1 2 lb. 0 4 ~ „ 2 lb. 39 3 lb. 0 , 5 ti „ 3 lb. I, 5 lb. 0 6 , I • ff 5 lb. ~ 7 lb. 0 7 11 ii 7 lb. ,i 8 lb. 0 8 ,i „ 8 lb. fl 9 lb. 0 9 ii „ 9 lb. ii ' 10 lb. 010 „ 10 lb. 11 lb. 011 i, No parcel may exceed 11 lb. in weight. The size allowed for an inland parcel is : Greatestlength... ... ... ... 3 ft. 6 in. Greatest length and girth combined 6 ft. 0 in. For examPle—A parcel measuring 3ft. Gin, in its longest dimensions as much as 2ft. 6in. round its thickest part ; a short parcel may be thicker ' • thus, if it measure no more than 3ft. in length, it may measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. The postatic on a parcel must be pa i€l. Mark each parcel Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postage are in order before leaving.

PARCELS .(FOREIGN AND COLONIAL). - Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similar to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The customs charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must be prepaid. MONEY ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issue a single money order for moire than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a id. can be contained in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 2d. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, ; £2O, 6 ; £3O, Bd. ; £4O, 10,1. By paying. an additional 21. and cost of the telegram of advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order may be issued for places abroad varies in each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ; £2, Gd. ; and above that, 31. for each additional .22 or portion of it. A fee of 6d. in addition to the ordinary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS.

These are obtainable at any money order &Noe in the United Kingdom, and possess the advantage over money orders that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed, they can be paid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by 6d., from 6d. to £1 Is. The poundage fees are :—id. up to 2s. Gd.; Id. up to 153.; fil. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always fill in the name of the parson to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is numbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should he retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- master-General will entertain no further claim after an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to make up odd sums.

TELEGRAMS (INLAND). The Postmaster-General possesses,almost entirely, the privilege of transmitting,collecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the United Kingdom. The charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of 6d. which covers 12 words, and an additional id. ior each extra word. This charge Includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a sub-office then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made from the office door. All charges are, as far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, hut sender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated on payment of half the original charge, which extra payment is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or handbd to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost of registering an abbrevi- ated address, which must consist of two words, is £1 IS. TELEGRAMS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL) Must be written on special forms and are accepted in the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK.

These are established at all money order offices. In ordinary cases the annual deposit must not exceed £5O, and the total amount .C2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children under seven years of age cannot be withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps affixed to a special form. Each depositor receives a bank book in which the amount of each deposit should be entered at the time of paying in. If the deposit is £1 or over, a special acknowledgment is sent from the head London office. Interest is allowed at the rate of 2i per cent. Any amount up to And inolnding £1 may be withdrawn without previous notice, on presenting a bank book. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking and adding interest. The withdrawal of money can be expedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of telegrams. P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK LINE CHARGES.

- . The fees for the use of the Trunk lines are as follows: For 25 miles or under ... 3d. I, 50 91 . Gd. Pt 75 >I VP „ 100 „ „ „ every additional 40 miles or fraction thereof... ~. 6d.

Between—a;e...bours":of minutes conversation is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced charge is made for three laliaute

110 TOR CAR_ AND CYCLE. REDITLATIONS.

Each one must be registered with the council of county or county borough, the fee being £1 for a motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A registered number is assigned to each, which it is an offence not to keep affixed when driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other offences.• The highest speed at which a car may be driven on the public highways is 20 miles an hour, which is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the gator Car Act (1903), to drive a car in such a way on a public highway as to be dargerous to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to the presence of the motor car on the road, the driver must supply his name and address, and the owner and number of the car, under heavy • penal- ties. The driver must produce his licence at the request of a police constable.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
• • •

The Examiner, Saturday August 22, 1908.

Extras - 15

• Total (5 wkts)...*l3s *lnnings declarei. BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. STANLEY. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. S Moore lO 1 31 0 Cromwell ... 123 433 4 J A Gratton 17 596 2 H Callon ... 15 527 4 Howarth 2l 11 30 1 \V H Podmore 7 3 10 2 T Parry 2 014 1 R I-1 Denton R Gleig 2 0 16 0 E Hoyle 5 021 1 Denton bowled a wide.

ST. HELENS V. NEWTON-LE-WILLOVS.—PIayed at St. Helens on Saturday. Scores :—Newton, 176 ; St. Helens, 238. EARLESTOWN V. PRESCOT.—PIayed at Earlestown on Saturday. Scores :—Prescot, 128 ; Earlestown, 71.

Total GO

Total 42

WIN WICK ASYLUM V. WIDNES WHITE ROSE.—Played at the Asylum on Saturday. Scores :—Widnes White Rose, 90 ; Winwiek Asylum, total (for 7 wkts), 89.

,_.l\,a

3

===== 0002601_19080822_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE ASSOCIATION CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP. FINAL. WARRINGTON BULL'S HEAD v. WARRINGTON CEMETERY.—These teams met at Urmston on Saturday in the final, great interest being taken in the contest. Scores : BULL'S HEAD. CEMETERY. J Jennings Jos. Gleave 2O T Ellison E Shaw 2l John Glenve l7 J Berry 2l A Scott l9 13 Swanton ' J Bedworth 2l A J Jones 1H Fogg 16 T Bolton ' T Hackett 2l W Swanton i H Williams , W Andrews l6 G Ball, son i Albert Gleave 2l W Hill ! C Roberts 2l T Harrison

227 PRESENTING THE CUP.

The magnificent silver trophy was presented to the victors by Mr. Coombs, who had words of congratula- tion for the winning team and of sympathy for the losers. Last year, he said, be had to congratulate the Belmont Club, now he equally congratulated the Bull's Head. The victors had fully deserved the honour; they had bowled with good judgment and there was no doubt that on that day the best team had won. He only wished there had been a bigger crowd to send the winning team back. (A Voice: "There will be at Warrington," and laughter). When the presentation of the medals took place at Warrington he should be pleased to be present if he had an invitation. (Applause) He asked Mr. Albert Gleave to accept the cup as the captain of the winning team. Loud cheers were given for the victors. Mr. ALBERT GLEAVE, in answer to calls for a speech said the Bull's Head began the season with the deter- mination of winning, and now they had succeeded. They were beaten in last year's final, but they acted on Mr. Coombs' advice to "try :min." (Applause.) Alderman EVANS thanked the Cemetery team for the sportsmanlike manner in which they had met the Bull's Head side. The Cemetery Okla had laboured under great disadvantages throughout the Season in having lost players who had joined other clubs, but the club had stuck to it "in the Warrington= style, He called for three cheers for the Cemetery team, which were accorded vociferously. WORKS ASSOCIATION HANDICAP.

The annual main in connection with the Works Bowl- ing Association was commenced on Saturday when the following games were played : W Shaw, Whitecross, 1... 15 J Broadhurst, afteld's,l 14 , W Barton' Fletcher's, 4 15 J Wood, Whitecross, 5 11 ' J Deakin, Monks Hall, 2 15 E Clare, Longford, 2 7 RJefferson,MonksHall,l 15 0 Leigh, Whitecross, 3 8 H Wareham, P and K, 2 15 J Povey, Orford, 3 7 1A Berry, Crosfleld's, 3 ... 15 A Mills, Monks Hall, 3 J Armitage, P and K, 3... 15 ACharnock,Whitecross 3 14 R 'filling, Rylands, 1 ... 15 B Warborton,Clield's, 411 W Thomason, Monks, IL3 15 H Higham, P and K, 2 12 .1 Jones, Whitecross, 5... 15 E Williams,Fletcher's,s 14 W Berry, Ryland's, 3 l5 J Sudlow,Greening's, 4 6 A Siddall, Whitecross, 1 15 W Wakefield, W'cross,4 8 J Houghton' W'cross, 2 15 T Ilelsby, Rylands', 4 8 G Maddock, W'cross, 4 15 W Clare, Longford, 5... 10 I T Jackson, Crosfleld's, 215 Millman, Longford,3 15 W Randall, Fletcher's, sc 15 W Jones, Rylands', 4... 9 T Higginson, Fletcher's,4 15 G Wilcocks, C'fleld's, 3 13 G Warburton, W'cross 2 15 J Molyneux,Rylands',s 9 W Holloway, Longrrci,3 15 G Burgess, Greenings,s 11 • J Robinson. Gening's, 5 15 II Clarke, Greening's, 1 9 T Foster, Houghton's 1 15 W Gleave,Whitecross,2 3 li. Deakin,Monks, Ha 11,3 15 W Ball,Whitecross, 3... 13 I J Gleave, Greenings, 3 l5 WBrondhurst,Ryl'n's',3 10 I W Bennett, Crosfleld's, 2 15 J Skelhorn, Orfotd, 3 9 A Shelmerdine,W'cross,s. 15 A Cooper,'Eloughtore,s,2 12 Ii Broadburst.Fletcher's,2 15 J Reny, L. N,-W, a... 9 , J Melborne, Orford, 2 ... 1 T Leigh, Ropery,3 l3 I T Taylor, Ryland's, 3 ~. 15 W Ellison, Cresfleld's,l 12 G Jones. Whitecross, 5... 15 RW Dutton,R,b'rt'on'ss 8 A Middleton, Cro.%fleld's 15% A Field, Castle, 3 ..., 9 B Webb, Monks Hall, 3 15 B Tynan, Rivet, 3 ...' 7 J Harrison, II oughton's, 315 J -Woods, Fletcher's, 1 5 J Appleton,Monks Hall,l 15 It Warburton,Crs'filds 4 5 S Timmins,Monks Hall 2 15 It Dandy, Robertsons,4 11 ' J Barlow, Whitecross, 4 15 R Straw, Greening's, 3 9 NV Hall, Rylands, 3 J Barton, Crostieldq, scr l5 .1 Leigh, Robertson's, 1 11 I J Fletcher' P. and N., 4 15 S Floyd, Orford, 3 7 I 3 Carter, Whitecross, 4 15 AV Jones, Whitecross,l 8 I T Bradshaw, P. and K., 1 15 C Millington,L&N-W 2 13 I J Welsby, Greening's, 2 15 S Hunt, Monks, Hall, 4 13

===== 0002601_19080822_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWS' ANNUAL HANDICAP.

Great interest centred in the sixth annual handicap, in connection with the "Prince of Wales " Lodge,which took place at the Stag Inn, Walton, on Saturday, in the presence of a large crowd. The entries numbered 61. The green was in splendid condition, being a credit to Mr. J. C. Shaw, the proprietor. The games were keenly contested, and in the final, W. Roughlev defeated W. Cottaro, by 13-12. The winner thus holds the silver cup for twelve months, and also wins the beautiful gold medal, both prizes being the gift of Mr. A. H. Crosileld, M.P. Twenty other prizes are to be awarded at a smoker, which will be held at a later date. The committee who had charge of the arrangements were : —Bros. T. P. Bradshaw (chairman), J. Nlnssey, T. Wadsworth, T. Reddish, W. King, J. Willett, G. F. Freeman (deputy grand master), and E. Clayton (secretary).

===== 0002601_19080822_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
-0-- GOLF.

WARRINGTON CLUB.

The fifth round in the competition for the club prize was played on Saturday..H. Fairclough, jun., returned the best card irl the first division, but having already qualified, W. Greenhouse and \V. Gorton tied for the qualification and will have to play off. J. W. Bibby qualified in the second division. J. W. Bibby took the first sweepstake, and 11. Fairclough, jun., the second. Details : _

Division.—H.First Fairclough, jun. 4 down •,W. I Greenhouse, 5 ,• %V. Gorton, 5; Rev. Lee Jones, 6 ; E. A. Connor, 6;C. G. Stone 6; F. Pendlebury, ;H. Rirkconnel, 7 ; J. Ellison, Second Division.—J. V.'. Bibby, 1 down ; J. llepherd, 4 ; John Fairclough, 9 ; WI. H. Malian, 13.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. 'CRUELTY TO A Honsn. George Kenyon was fined 2s. Gd. and costs for working a horse in an unfit state, and Herbert Hales ss. and costs for causing it to be so worked, on the evidence of P.C. Lennie and Inspector Nye, of the S.P.C.A.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
DAMAGING TURNIPS.

John McNally, James Walkden, Henry Whitebead,and John Ford, for damaging turnips to the extent of IN., the *party of Walter Rimmer, rere fined 3s. 6d Including costs, on the evidence of P.C. Georgison.

MISCELLANEOUS.

James Mitcheson -;..v-W-t-ep-r-es—ent-e-ti by his sister on three charges, viz., of drunken and disorderly conduct at Haydock on May 26th and again on May 28th, and of not appearing after being liberated on bail. For the first offence he was fined 2s. 6d., for the second 55., and ordered to forfeit £2 bail. _ . .

Henry Winter, charged by Sergeant Bannister with being drunk in charge of a horse and cart, was lilted IC& and costs. _ .

Edwin Williams anll. John Dawber, charged with a breach of the peace, were bound over for six months. Joseph Mammy, for sleeping out, was sent to prison 10 r seven days.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Bewsey-road Wesley Guild.

Prior to the service at Bewsey-road Church on Sunday evening, the members of the above society mot to present to their minister, the Rev. Sidney Pitt, on tho occasion of his leaving the Circuit, a group photograph of their society, taken on August Monday. Mr. Corbett presided, aud after the opening hymn and prayer, spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Pitt's ministry amongst them. Mr. Pitt had taken a great interest in the young people, and hadli ded them on many accasions. Mr. J. Mitchell said no minister had a deeper feeling in his heart than Mr. Pitt, and now he was leaving them he would take with him their respect and affection. Mr. Will Healey, the Guild secretary, also spoke. Mr. Pitt responded, and said the hope of the Church lay in the young people. Mrs. Pitt also spoke, and said that in saying " Good-bye " they were really saying to one another " God be by you."—On Monday evening over twenty members went for an enjoyable walk arena,' Bevrsey.

td re

===== 0002601_19080822_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISION.

WARRINGTON 2-;1O-;:r.--Sr.tsr.Ey-2ND.—This return match was played at Stanley on Saturday, and resulted in a victory for the home side. WARRING TON. STANLEY. A Thewlis b Fordyce 2O J Atkinson b Plinston 25 S Baxter b Farrell W Ashton c Baxter .b C S Baxter c Bennett Fordyce H Dolan b Udall T Houghton run out C Trow lbw b Farrell... 2 W Udall o Waywell b Colonr-Sergeant Knight Ashton .b Udall 0 H Jones o Trow b W Hind b Farrell 0 Bennett D Plinston b Udall W Bennett b Udall J Warren not out W Sutton b Ashton ... 12 H Knight not out Extras 9 Extras 0

Total ll9

Total l6l

MANCHESTER AND DISTRICT BREWERY LEAGUE.

\TALKER'S BREWERY V. CORNIBROOK BREWERY.— By their victory over Corabrook Brewery, on Saturday, Walker's Brewery have now won the above league. Scores r— coRNBROOK. WALKER'S. C Evans b Holland W Berry b Holland J W Jones c&b Norman 19 W Ashton o Jones b W Wall b Norman 0 Wall E Conoy b Holland G Fulham c Molloy b A Holland b Evans ... 18 Ashton 3 W Wright run out J Kitchen c Wright b J Milner c b Knowles 4 Norman R Collin b Norman I! Bunting b Norman F Knowles b Norman T May not out Extras

Total

Total ...... ..... 32

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

RESULTS UP TO DATE.

P. W. L. D. PT S St. James's C. L. Engineers Bewsey Wesleyans Ralands' Bros. Walker's Brewery " Guardian "Office ll ... 3 ... 7 ... 1 ... 7 Wilderspool Brewery l2 ... 3 ... 8 ... 1 ...

- WALKER'S BREWERY V. ." GUARDIAN OFFICE."— Played at Arpley on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home teatu lly kix runs. b'cores :-- "GUARDIAN OFFICE. WALKER'S BREWERY. C Burrell b Rylands l6 W Rylands b C Wood- H Ditchfield run out l head H Sankey c Turner b J Turner c& b Burrell 1 Edwards C Woodhead 0 Savage b J Appleton c Brown b Rylands 7 C Woodhead J Woodhead b Appleton 4 A Woods b Clarke 3 D Clarke 0 Rylands b A Ross 0 C Woodhead Appleton - 0 Fell J Newton c Edwards b C Turner run out I Rylands 3 JFearnleybCWoodhead 0 H Cfrifliths b Rylanels 1 W Fell c Savage b Apple- C Woodhead 1 ton E Brown not out V Halford b Appleton ... 2 Extras 9 Estras ..... .... 4

Total 53 Total 62 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT.JUNIOR LEAGUE. ORFORD v. WARRINGTON EXCELSTORS,—PIayed at Orford on Saturday. Scores :

ORFORD. WARRINGTON Rxcinsions. A Clare lbw J Bennett c Brown b Sandy 9 Caldwell P Ashcroft o Atkinson J Brown b S Leigh 0 b Caldwell S Leigh b Caldwell S Parsonage c Short b S Parkes b Sandy Caldwell AC Hodgson run out A.l Bradshaw b Wilcox 0 W Caddick b Leigh H G Sandy o Ditchfield S Hayes o Walker b b Caldwell T Walker c Warburton R Atkinson not out

b Caldwell H Reed b Caldwell

W Leigh not out Extras

Extras 2

Total M.A.RSTIIIOUSE-lANK V. T. MARY.S.—SOOr6S : MT. NIARY'S. MARSIIIIOI76E-LANE. E Byrne b Carman 0- J Ashton c Hansbury b Walter Mules b Nlann 0 Hindes Win. [Endes b Mann— 4 J Barton b Gatley 6 J Dolan b Carman 0 F Critchley c .and b T Groake o Clare b Hindes Carmen 4 F Carman b Hansbury 5 T Hansbury o Barton b 0 Mann a Dolan b Mann 4 Hansbury 2 F Gatley b Carman J Ridgeway b Carman J Eckersley not out W Clare run out 1 F Horrocks b Gatley 3 T Warburton at El indes b Dolan 33 S Lomas not Out Extras

Total l4 Total 104 Sr. JAMES'S JUNIORS Y. HOLY TRINITY.—PIayed at Arpley_on Saturday. Scores : • - .. _ ST. JAMES'S JUNIORS. HOLY TRINITY. E J Mee lbw b Mavbary 13 Beddall b Walker l2 L Walker c Stanley b Stanley c 8: b Walker 5 Holbrook 33 Maybury b Mee 2 H Fleming b Maybury... 3 Aukland hit Wkt b F Foster c Stanley b Fleming Auklaud 2 Worthington b Mee... 18 W Foulkes c Beddall b Booth b Walker 0 Holbrook 0 Hall b Wright J Warburton b Wright G Newal c Booth b Horabin b Fleming Wright P Boyd not out ' 4 II Pevit c' Maybury b . Holbrook 0 F Astley b Wright Extras

Total ...... ... 91

Total 54

===== 0002601_19080822_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
E 0 A 4 12d .gbaorottnl es monk** delicious home-mad. Lemonade. Health In every elp,refreshment ower In every drop. Lemonade

FIRM

•

EINE

===== 0002601_19080822_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
liewsey-read Wesleyan Church. Rev. Sidney Pitt's Farewell.

_

The Rev. Sidney Pitt bade farewell to the aboss Church and the Warrington Circuit, on Sunday evening last. Ile took for his text Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him into a wise MAD, which built his house upon a rock : And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blow, and beat upon that house ; and it fell not ' • for it was founded upon a rock. And every- one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall he likened into a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand : and the rains descended, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house ; and it fell, and great was the fall of it." (St. Matthew, vii., 21 to :27v.) He referred to the six days in which the people were exposed to the evils temptations and adverse influences of the world, and on the seventh day was commonly—only too frequently—the one poor hour in which the preacher had the opportunity to set before tee people the things of God. Take heed how ye pros ch,"—that is the voice that cs.mo to him from the far away eternity or from out of its height the voice came down. If they would listen, there was a voice, that came to them from the same infinite spaces, and from the same splendid height. " Take heed how ye hear." This responsibility of the hearer was set before them in this passage by a descrip- tion of the life history of two men. Two men there, curiously alike, and similar up to a certain point ; but the last contrasted with the other in the most tragic way. The two men, they were told, were both bearers of the word of God. He was not there to describe or theorise upon the process of how these words were preserved to them. These sayings of Jesus were assured and attested to them, not merely by documentary evidence—although there was plenty of that—but by the appeal that they make to the human heart and the human conscience, so that whenever these sayings of Jesus ,were faithfully declared the conscience of man rose up within him and said," That is true, that is the thing, and which at the bottom of ray heart I believe." It was the sayings of Jesus, that the whole thing depended upon in the last resurrection. It seemed a natural thing to spend not only six days, but to spend the Lord's Day in various kinds of pleasure, and still worse than that, in lounging and idleness instead of giving themselves the trouble to go and sit and listen to the words of blessed Christ himself. It was not for him to condemn them. It was not for parsons to say that was wrong. The very people who did it knew that it was wrong. He would not pass harsh judgement on those who were cooped up in the week, and took some opportunity on the Sunday of going forth to breath the Using air and to look upon the beautiful brilliance of nature. So far as they were personally concerned •, so far as their influence in their family was concerned, let it not be their's to drag down the habit of hearing the word of God on the Sabbath Day. Let it be their's to build up that habit and to reserve and protect it by every means in their power. "He that heareth these sayings of Mine and doeth them shall be likened unto a wise man that built his house upon a rock." The whole thing was contained in hearing the sayings of Christ and doing them. The whole of their religion was there ; salva- tion was there ; and security was th•re. Christ was the touchstone r.f humanity and lie was the majestic person by whose relationship their ultimate destiny was to be decided.

In conclusion the rev, gentleman said that they had now come to a finish. What a dream it seemed since three years ago he first stood there and looked upon their faces. What changes for them and for him in that little space of time. He-Looked upon that congre- gation with how different a view. Then it was as if the place were a blank ; it meant nothing as he looked upon it. But now there wcre scores and hundreds of faces that he knew. Ile had married many, by which their lives were inextricably bound together, never to be separated until death parted them. lie hind one to another, husbands to wives ; make each other happy and help each other. There and elsewhere he had taken ' little children into his arms and administered to them that water whit]] indicated the rromise given to the Holy Spirit. Fathers and mothers, watch over your children, and bring them up in the nurture of the Lord. He had sat with many at the bed-side of the dying and he hoped, that he and they would meet them again. Ile did not believe that this world was all. lie could not live if he thought this world were all. The last words he had to say to them were, " Hear the words of Christ and obey them ; for 'whosoever heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them I will liken unto a wise man who built his house upon a rock." The Hey. Sidney Pitt's departure for Leeds is greatly regretted by all those in the Warrington circuit with , whom he came in contact.

WANTAGE HORSES IN GRAND FORM. Gentlemen that will pay well for an occasional good thing from Wantage, please send stamped address.—F. CURIIB6, Mill st,Wantage.

recrrdc, ,contine.l to c. lurniniurn

giving a ai7tir:Ctlve rkl,n"ss of inging FloWor

FREEOutdo to Life Imturance by Independent Expert.a.—Rivrni & Co., 11 Queon Vi,toria Streat, London, EA

ARE YOU LOSING MONEY? If so, commence to win by giving soy occasional Information a trial. Not Paper lips, but reliable Club Information. L'end sts raped r &tressed envelope for a trial. WOOD, WFDItEiDAT CLUB. ILICE9Tott.

t(EATI NS °OVID K I LLSI FLEAS BUGS FLIES rTINS WWI?

===== 0002601_19080822_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPH-E-rlie

Litlierto instrumela, Tone -Arm

Ring up Telephone No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
_

.. . .. : C..,'"--. .....,1.,i

I

===== 0002601_19080822_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING

PRINTING

PRINTING

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

===== 0002601_19080822_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
John Walker & Co.

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Examiner Office. BEWSEY STREET.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well us for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or psttern on blue, wLito, or fsnoy per.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from Ll.plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the bast workmanship.

PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, :Concerts &c., la the latest artistic style.'

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing Bookbinding Lithography.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPiION BOOKS Printed, Bound, umbered and Perforated to order.

ANDBILLS, in large cr small quantities, cheap and elleutive.

HYMN PAPERS for Sctoois, Sermons, Services of t.iong, Feat!rale, &e.

CATALOPUE?. far Public led Private Libraries 4.—.l.“,aeers and Traddsmen.

PRICE LISPS Printed on card or paper illus- trated, If required.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS "IN

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest tioster in.

the district,

60in. x 40in• in one sheet.

EVERY DMCRIPTION CF PRINTING

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCREIVLISS AND CATALOG ITEM

CONCERT BILLS AND PROORA VMESI INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, ?AIIPHLETS, 'TIME Booxs, MILL WORK, CATALOG UES, • CLUB RCLES,-7 PRO RAMMES,II BALANCE SHEETS,

EXECUTED AT aziaßT EMCEE.

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS. NOTICES OF MEETINGS FOSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

===== 0002601_19080822_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET FIXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES„FOR LITHOGRAP.HING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET,

I

•

- •

===== 0002601_19080822_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080822_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication ML.tht in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

Warrington Chamber of Commerce and the Daylight Saving Bill. Sir,—The Warrington Chamber of Commerce at their last meeting are reported to have resolved unanimously to support and petition in favour of the so-called Daylight Saving Bill. This Bill which is promoted by a private Member of Parliament purports to he a measure introduced for the purpose of economising artificial ligat by diraini;hing the necessity for its use daring the summer months of I the year, but the means by which it proposes to secure' this object, namely, putting the clocks throughout the I country out of synchronism with Greenwich Mean Solar I time is objectionable in the extreme, and should the , Bill ever have the misfortune to become law, it will, as ! the editor of one of our technicel journals has tersely I expressed it," breed more passive resisters than all thei Education Acts have ever done." Even if it could be admitted that the method proposed by the Bill was a legitimate one, I the proposal could not have been put forward at is more inopportune time, just when all the , leading civilized nations of the earth have adopted Greenwich mean time as the basis from which I time all over the world is reckoned. This consnmma- I tion has been brought about by the superior excellence of the scientific work that has been carried on chiefly by Great Britain during the last two centuries, and to the extreme accuracy with which the position of the , Greenwich Meridian has been determined. Patriotic 1 British subjects, therefore, may be excused if they feel, a sense of shame or evert disgust, that Great Britain itself should now propose to throw Greenwich mean ' time over, as soon as this desirable object has been secured. Let it be granted that certain industries might benefit by work being commenced earlier in the morning and finished earlier in the evening during the summer months, that end could surely be attained without resort- ing to such a barbarous expedient as putting the clocks of the country out of harmony with nature. When the project was first announced by its author it appeared so monst; ously absurd and impracticable to many of us that little notice was taken of it, but very much to their surprise the proposal has received such a large measure of support, that it must now be taken more seriously, and it looks as if we may have to prepare to face the confusion into which we shall be plunged should the bill become law. It should never be lost sight of, in handling a question like this, that there are certain spheres in which rigorous adherence to Mean Solar Time is of paramount importance. For example ; the safe navigation of our mercantile marine and naval fleets is dependant on this being recorded and maintained with the greatest accuracy, and the observatories that have been erected throughout the length and breadth of our land cannot have their time interfered with, without frustrating one of the primary purposes for which they have been called into existence, and the inconvenience and con- fusion that will result from having two different methods of reckoning running side by side far more than outweigh any supposed advantage to be derived from the change. In addition to this our prestige among the nations will undoubtedly suffer, for it must not be assumed that other countries will continue to base their reckon- ing on Greenwich Mean Time when the coantry of its origin has discarded it. But the mischief is not likely to end there. Few people seem to he aware that another project of a still more drastic character is on foot, namely, a proposal to alter the calendar itself. It is proposed that on aid after the year 1916, or such other date as Parliameat may ordain, the year shall always begin co the first day of the week ; in other words, that the first day of January shall always be Sunday, and this is to be accomplished by having one week of eight days in each ordinary year, and two such weeks in each leap year. There seems little difficulty in forecasting ,abat the effect of such an enactment would be were it to become law. To nations who preserved the orthodox reckoning this conntry would present the extraordinary spectacle of its day of rest occurring successively on all the days of the week, as the years passed by, and one can scarcely conceive of a professedly Christian community accept- ing such an alternative, for it would most certainly put an end to the public observance of the Lord's Gay as a Divine institution, for it would no longer be the Lord's Day, but simply the day appointed by Government. Yet this scheme has now been before the public for some time, and is being energetically canvassed by its advocates who appear to be hopeful that it will one day be the law of the land. To tamper with the measurement of time or its nomenclature is a much more serious matter than many people suppose. More particularly is this the case now that scientific accuracy has been brought to such perfection and one wonders whether those bodies, who have petitioned in favour of such a bill as that in question have given any really serious and intelligent consideration to the subject, and I have grave doubts whether, in framing the resolution to petition in favour of the bill and passing it nem. con.,the members of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce realized the gravity of the step they were taking, or were alive to the farreaching consequences involved in their action. I enclose my card and subscribe myself.—Yours

A FELLOW OF TFIE ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY. August ISth, 19°S. .

===== 0002601_19080822_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. "The Mysteries of the Thames."

Excitement runs high at the Royal Curt Theatre this \reek, "The Mysteries of the Thames" presenting a succession of powerful sensations. The audiences are deeply moved by the chequered fortunes of Richard Brandon and his wife, and interest is act allowed to Rag for a moment. One cf the principal scenes graphically depicts life on board a convict ship, with the torture of ,prisoners which was common in "the good old days.' It is clue to Mr. Augustine Knight and his company to say that they give a painstaking ard entirely successful representa- tion of the play. Mr. Knight himself appeals to all by his fine portrayal of Richard Brandon, his telling elocution and manly bearing eminently fitting him for the part. Mr. H. Bonhote Wilson earns the execration of the " gods " for his realistic acting as the remorseless Captain James Denbigh, alias " The Hawk," whose villainy causes all the trouble. Miss Eva Trevenna wins all hearts asl -Kate Brandon and Miss Ella Vane submits a clever study of the dual role of Grace Rochdale and Helen Price. Mr. Edward E. Swinton as Bill Bosco, a burglar with a " winning " way, and Tom J. Taylor as Peter Waggles are responsible for some capital humorous interludes. Miss Elsie Jones, a promising juvenile, does well as the child Doris, and Miss Marie E. Robertson is an admirable Emma Seaton. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

_ Next week Mr. Percy Norman's Company will appear in the great domestic and military play " A Woman worth winning," wbich is daringly conceived /and contains many stirring and pathetic incidents as well as most welcome humour. Mr. A. B. Mackay, the author,w ill appear as General Borinski, Misss Ida Mackay as Katerina Kloss, Miss Chrissie Dunbar as Roma Pauleff and Mr. Carthage Caldcleugh as Ivan Bardoff. There will be gorgeous scenery and uniforms and an explosion scene will present something novel and exciting in the way of stage effects,

===== 0002601_19080822_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
A TEMINT SUED.

Damage Done By Dogs.

—At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before is Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.C., Mrs. Helena Jenkins, Burbanks, Fairfield-road, Latchford, sued Ainslie George Bond, Victoria-avenue, Grappenhall, for 7 les. for damage done to the semi-detached villa, Brightholme, Fairfield-road, Latchford, during his tenancy.—Mr. T. S. Steel appPared for the plaintiff anc. Mr. C H Unsworth for the defendant. Mr. Steel said the house was let to the defendant at £25 per annum and rates and taxes, and before he took possession on June 17th, 1937. some .£5 was spent in alterations. He left on April 10th of the following year and the house was then found to be in a shocking condition, tiles being broken, holes being knocked in the walls to insert large wooden plugs, probably for picture hanging, and other damage being done: Defendant's wife seemed to be a lover of clogs, and during their tenancy they :kept some half-dozen dogs. It was alleged that the animals had gnawed and clawed the French casements in the drawing.room as well as some of the doors. Evidence in support of plaintiff's case was given by plaintiff, Francis Arthur Jenkins, her husband; Albert Worrall, builder and contractor, Fairfield-road, Stock- ton Heath ; James Adams, master painter and decorator, 722, Knutsford-road ; and Mrs. M. Davies, 5, Fre&rick-street, Latchford. Defendant admitted that damage had been done to the casements by a dog but said 10s. would cover it and be bad paid that amount into Court, as well as ss. for other odds and ends. Mr. Bond contended that some of the tiles were damaged when he went into the house and that the statements as to the other damage were exaggerated. Defendant's case was supported by Mrs, Mary G. Bond, his wife, Mrs. Mary hewitt, 13, Sandhill-terrace, Wash-lane, Edith G ri friths, Birkenhead, Mabel Boardman, Timperley. and Mrs. Haddock.—His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for £0 and costs.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR sToTrs DEPARTURE.

FAREWELL ADDRESS AND PRESENTATION.

Meeting in Orford Ward.

Councillor Frei Stott will'set sail for New Zealand today (Saturday). He delivered his final address to his constituents in Orford Ward at a meeting held at the top of Longford-street on Tuesday evening. There was a large attendance, Councillor Ball presiding. Councillor STOTT said he was even more firmly con- vinced than he was when he entered the Council that I Socialism was necessary before the bulk of I the workers would be able to live in decency and i comfort. His ideal as a Councillor had been that what I the people socially needed they should socially own I and although he had not been able to achieve much in Ithe direction of Socialism he thought he might claim to bare done some pioneer work. When seeking the support of the electors he said that although he did not j promise any reduction in the rates he would try to j safeguard public expenditure as far as possible. The j standard of municipal government was increasing and Corporations would have to spend more money as years went by. If the rates were to be reduced they would ; have to find new sources of revenue. (Ilear, j hear). Councillor Stott referred to his efforts Ito obtain an expression of opinion from the Council in favour of a municipal coal supply and said he contended that by such a system the inhabitants would be saved from £15,000 to £16,000 per annum. He Imaintained that in conducting Corporation undertak- j ins, the public convenience and not profit should be j the first consideration. Councillor Stott pointed out

===== 0002601_19080822_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR F. STOTT, J.P.

that ho had always done his best to obtain improved lighting and paving of streets and he claimed that the paving in that ward had been pushed on much more rapiday of late years. So strong had been his agitation that owners of property had come to him to try and persuade him to desist, so that the streets could remain unpaved and their money would be saved. He was one of those who believed that the streets and passages ought to b 3 paved and sewered before the houses were let but when four years ago he forward a motion to impose that condition he did not obtain a single sup- porter. With regard to open spaces and recreation grounds, he was not well satisfied with the conditions in ()fiord Ward and he had for some time been advocating the provision of a bath and a howling green on the Orford-lane recreation ground. Such an innovation would prove a great boon not only to Orford Ward, but to St. John's and Bewsey Wards. At present the dis- tricts in which the people who did the dirtiest and hardest kinds cf work had to live, afforded the least facilities for washing. He hoped some day they would be able to persuade the Council to enforce bye-laws which would compel builders of property to place a bath in every house, but pending that the Corporation should provide reasonable facilities for every district at a cheap rate—in fact he believed baths ought to be provided free of charge. When he came before the electors he promised to advocate the abolition of school fees. They had not attained that yet, but a start had been made on the right lines, as they had two Council schools in which no fees were charged. He believed the time was not far distant when all the schools would be freed.l Socialists, however, believed in a much larger scheme than that. All education, from the elemen- tary school to the university should be free to children who would benefit by it. Councillor Stott alluded to his advocaey of a trade union clause in all Corporation contracts, contending that it would have put all firms on the same footing and have avoided unfair competition. At present they had a clause which was not sstistactory to socialists and trades unionists, and moreover it was necessary that they should send men to the Council who would insist on its being enforced. He had on many occasions found that work was being given to contractors who were not adhering with the conditions and in almost every case he had either been able to compel the employer to pay the proper rate or be was instrumental in having the contract given to someone else. Ue had used his influence in support of the direct employment of labour by the Council as he believed they could do a great deal better without the contractor. The successful painting of the market by men directly employed by the Corporation proved the force of his contention. He had consistently advocated a redaction in the price cf gas, for he held that the consumer should have the benefit of the large profits instead of always devoting them to the relief of rates. With regard to the question of the minimum wage, although he was able to prove that it was impossible for a man and his family to live in decency and comfort on less than 245. a week, the Council refused to adopt a minimum of that amount. Subsequently, on the pro- position of another member, they established a mini- mum rate of 215., and he supported that with the assurance that he would not rest content until it had been raised to 245. In conclusion Councillor Stott claimed that he had done his utmost to fulfil his promises to the electors and it would be impossible for the Council to go back upon what had been done in the direction of social reform. Ha believed the ratepayers would, as years went by, ask for a higher standard of local government and if they continued to return members of the Independent Labour Party to represent them, reforms would be much more speedily brought about than if they sent Tories snd Liberals to the Council. He asked the electors of Orford Ward to rally to the support of Mr. James Hampson who had consented to become the candidate in his (Councillor Stott's) place. (Applause.) Mr. H. WeaDeres moved: "That this meeting of residents of Orford Ward tenders its best thanks to Councillor Stott for his five years valuable services as a public representative and wishes him and Mrs. Stott every success in their new sphere of life. ' He said all would agree that Councillor Stott had not been in the Council for any self-seeking purposes but had always been animated by concern for the public good, his sympathies being with the poor and oppressed. (Applause.) Mr. E. SHEPHERD seconded and they would be extremely sorry to lose Councillor Stott's servicts. Mr. HAWTHORNE, as one who had frequently opposed the principles advocated by Councillor Stott, heartily associated himself with the resolution. Their disagree- ments had been in a friendly spirit and he firmly believed that Councillor Stott had done everything he could, to the best of his knowledge, for the good of the community. (Applause). The resolution was carried unanimously. Councillor STOTT in reply said he had put in 491 attendances at Council and committee meetings during the four years and eight months that he had been a member. Before the meeting closed the audience joined in singing " Auld Lang Syne "and "For he's a jolly good fellow "and gave hearty cheers for Councillor and Mrs. S to tt.

'•,,,,,,:',:.:, ,•:„.,•.,_.:,:i,..,:.,-,:q.g]iii!iiitiiiiikfiih alitiiifar:W. ONOROMit ~...•bi,,,igliq::ft..:,::-• - -.. 7 . ..:::H..-•..4i.:ik.v.iii.g :.:4.,0,.„i:„,,,,.,,,... ~ . • -... -i:. . i,:.•.:. ..,:.%;;;ifti:4. ~4}:-....t541.. :._ .. • . .:.-. 41J ..,,olt:: --, ~::::i.,„"lwia* ',.r !...-':A.A".?.ilegj 1-..,:i.!•....„....,,...:..... • A.,94401.6i1 ....„•••• ...:::::,.:••,...g.:kil:::,:i:1•Ahlm w .„ .. % :4,,:•g-ktilitr. 4.,,g,-, '.:k: ..Ii•::::2'::.: ;]:sl,.;ViA:V:gill:b iitt•itii.:%.l,-,:f.,;•:•:.:::.4.4.0A:2•.,.....,4.;,:mm00 . "...........,-,,,T.t...aN--,.:,-,.* -...1.6ANme.,:.,,,,:.:.--,....F:,,,,,.-,m,i,...0.-. . *,:a:::"'•ii:',!1::;.W. .::::.t:Iiii.E.'::::::.:::' . . - -,:,;:-,f,ER :::Ui...t.%*%;:ii.:.i::.... -. . .I.ii::.:.` ''- : - .i•:::1;:i.i:Iii'ii:. 'ft].:-!*":..f':-..::::. - ..t:'':ft:X • " :1,4,, ..• .]::. ' ::.:::OF:!i' ...,,,'-::;::: ' ; ]',''' „:'7,-:', :7 ::': : •:::: '),.-',.."%:::, .:": -' '': ' ._

fru!, i?!

===== 0002601_19080822_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION AT THE TAPESTRY WORKS.

and

On Thursday morning the employees of the above works assembled to present Councillor Stott with a handbag, which had unanimously been subscribed for, as a token of their esteem for him on his departure to Nev.v Zealand.—Miss E. JEFFERSON, who made the presentation, spoke of Mr. Stott's association with them for so many years, and how all had worked so well together. On behalf of all she wished him every success and that he would meet friends in the new country, as he had in the old.

_ Mr. STOTT replied, thanking them for their kindly expression in the gift just presented, siying be would treasure it very much, as it showed all differences were sunk at a time like the present. He would always remember his associations with them, and he could only say that he hoped they would have as happy a future as they had wished him.—Mr. HAROLD E. C. LONDON, on behalf of the men, said that they all greatly regretted the departure from them of such a personality as Mr. Stott. He would be greatly missed, especially as he worked so well with them, and was always ready to give a helping hand. He had worked hard both at work and outside in his leisure time, or he would not have attained to the high and honourable position he held in the town. It was far from pleasant to lose such a friend, but their loss was someone else's gain.—After singing " Auld Lang Syne," all dispersed to their different departments.

Llid 1

===== 0002601_19080822_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 22, 1908.

!street was one of the main thoroughfare. (Laughter.) He had hoped to remain in the Town Council until not only had the streets been widened but the conditions I under which tbe people lived had been much improved. He would always think of St. John's Ward and of many places in Orford and other wards, and he hoped the comrades he left behind would never rest until the The public testimonial subscribed to by all sections of the townspeople was presented to Councillor Stott horrible conditions were mitigated or entirely abolished. at by the Independent There was one thing for which he was very glad became t a social gathering organized Labour Party, which was held in Cairo-street schools on Ito NlTarrington, and that was that he had learnt something about Socialism. Wherever he went and whatever his Thursday evening. The large attendance testified to , position might be, whether it was that of a labourer or Councillor Stotts popularity. The subscription list a member of a New Zealand Town Council, he would totalled and it was decided to present Councillor' purse towards the uplifting of humanity. (Applause.) cf gold, a framed copy of the thin always remain a Socialist and be prepared to do some- Stott with a recently painted picture of the Town Council, and two g Councillor Stott expressed hi special obligations to valuable books on subjects appertaining to his trade. s , the members of the Town Council for their kindness, Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., had made a special journey which he said had almost overwhelmed him. He also from Edinburgh in order to be present. The chair was occupied by Councillor James Ball and amongst 1 paid a tribute to the work of Mr. Podmore, jun., who, others present were:—Mr. J. A. Seddon, M P Ihe said, had been a brother to him. In thanking all the ' subscribers, Couucillor Stott said he was glad the work Councillor Lord, Rev J F Matthewes Messrs. J. Haley,' of a Socialist had come to be recognized and appreciated C. Lee, T. Plumb, E Randles, E Horrocks, W Pook and in Warrin J Lowe. Mr. W. C. Anderson, Labour Candidate for eton. It was fitting that Mr. Seddon should Hyde, and Alderman Bennett sent apologies for non- ' be with tam that night, seeing that a Seddon had been so prominently associated with social reform in New. attendance. I Zealand. He did not know whether Mr. Seddon would The CHAIRM AN said that notwithstanding bad trade ever emigrate to New Zealand and become a successor and the short time they had had to arrange the matter, of the late" Dick Seddon, but he hoped that if their the response to their request for subscriptions had been very good indeed. The contributions ranged from one 1 comrade did not achieve that position he would become penny upwards S and represented a very wide circle of the Primo Minister of this country. (Applause.) friends, including reverend gentlemen, public men in The company then joined in singing " Auld Lang business, justices of the peace, trade unionists, and the yne "and more cheers were given for Councillor and i Mrs. Stott. rank and file of the Socialist party. Trade unionists I During the evening dancing was indulged in, the had made grants from their funds end many had sub- , music bein 7, supplied by Mr. Underwood's band. Mr. J. sceibed personally. The members of the Town Council, Lowe acted as M.G. Musical items were contributed through one of their number, subscribed very generously I by Mr. J. Hannan, Miss F. Leicester, Miss Evans, Mr. and were glad to have the opportunity of expressing in I Edmonds, Mr. T. Stout, Mr. F. Turner, and Mr. A. that way their appreciation of Councillor Stott's Bennett. Games were indulged in and refreshments services. There were many iriends from whom they were served. were still expecting contributions and they did not propose to close the testimonial fund. Anything that might be received after Councillor Stott's departure would he paid over to Mrs. Stott who was remaining in England for some time. Many letters of kindly 1 appreciation had come to hand, the writers includ- ing many who were very much opposed to Councillor Stott's principles but who had learnt to respect the manner in which he had put forth his views. The picture of the Town Council ,which had been obtained at the express desire of Councillor Stott as a continual memento of his association with that body, was inscribed : " Presented to Councillor Stott, J.P., as a token of respect and esteem on his departure to New Zealand, August 22nd, 1003." The books also bore an inscription stating that they were presented by Socialist comrades;trado union brethren, and other friends and well wishers. (Applause.) Mr. Joseph Podmore, jun., said that as the oldest member of the Warrington Independent Labour Party be had been asked to make the presentation. He was pleased to know that Councillor Stott in the course of his public career bad won such a good Demean over the town. It had been almost a surprise to him to receive letters of appreciation from men diametrically opposed to their friend in his principles, and he believed one of the causes of *at appreciation was that Councillor Stott bad acted as a straightforward, honest man. (Applause.) He went into the Council under no false colours and ho had steadfastly pursued his path. There were some whom the blandishments of social position might turn aside, but Fred Stott had kept Fred Stott right through the chapter. ( Applause). Ile bad sot a very high example of what a workingman could do in public work. There had been no harder worker for the trade unionist case in Warrington than Fred Stott—eipplause)—and he stood to-day pre- eminent as a worker and as a man. It was exactly fourteen years that night since he (the speaker) and Councillor Stott first became acquainted and it was also the fourteenth birthday of the II arrirgton branch of the Independent Labour Party. Councillor Stott's Socialism had been to him, as it .was to all true Socialists, an inspiration. Ho had seized hold of the true spirit of Socialism and it had been his guide and help right through his career. They were very sorry to part with him but they knew he would be received with the right hand of fellowship by the Socialists in New Zealand. He (Mr. Podmore) firmly believed that they would eventually hear of Councillor Stott occupy- ing some eminent position in Nevy Zealand. In making the presentation Mr. Podmore wished Councillor Stott long life, good health, prosperity and happiness. (Applause). e Mr. J. A. SEDDON', M.P., said he had travelled some- thing like 400 miles in order to join in sending their comrade away with a message of hope and cheer. No one would appreciate the loss to the district more than he (Mr. Seddon). When he was the victim of out- rageous fortune, when minds that were polluted by political prejudice were trying to besmirch his personal character,Fred Stott was there to defend it. (Applause.) During the memorable struggle in the Newton division, in season and out of season he found in Councillor Stott a valuable ally and a trusted friend. There was no friend whose loss he would feel more keenly. The sacrifices which Councillor Stott and his wife had made for the work in Warrington could not be estimated, but their friend had the satisfaction of seeing some of the fruits of his labour. Fourteen years ago he joined in the formation of a small branch—a spurned section of the community—and to-day he steed, apart from his political views, probably the most respected man in Warrington. (Applause.) It had been his (Mr. Seddon's) good fortune to hear Councillor Stott's praises sung by those who were uncompromisingly opposed to him politically. The Parliamentary repre- sentative of Warrington had seen fit to send his contri- bution as an appreciation of the strenuous work of , Councillor Stott. (Applause.) He went to New Zealand with recommendations of which any man might be proud. lie had a recommendation from the revered leader of the Socialist and labour movement. Mr. Kier Hardie —(applause)—and also from Mr. Ramsey Macdonald. Only that afternoon he (Mr. Seddon) exchanged a few words at a railway station with the Chairman of the Labour party, Mr. Arthur Henderson, who asked him to convey his appreciation of Councillor Stott's , efforts on behalf of the Labour movement and to wish him " God-speed " in his new sphere of life. (Applause.) It was something to be able to leave one's friends and one's foes with such a testimonial. It ought to be an inspiration not only to Councillor Stott himself but to every young man in the movement. When Councillor Stott entered the Town Council every- one looked at him askance and treated him with ridicule. lie had, however, consistently upheld the standard he took up from the start and had defended his position, which was solitary for a long time, and the very men who opposed him most tenaciously now joined in appreciating his sincerity, honesty and steadfastness. Councillor Stott was going to another country and he (Mr. Seddon) would that he were fortunate enough to go with him. He believed the possibilities were infinitely greater, so far as Now Zealand was concerned. New Zealand had for many years been in the forefront of social reform. One thing Councillor Stott would certainly not see in the same aggravated form that we saw it in this country—the appalling poverty that surrounded us everywhere. He would not see the unfed, unshod, strayed school child. He would see the industrial veterans of toil at the age of sixty-five in receipt not of charity but of a pension at the hands of the Government, sufficient to keep them in decency and comfort. He would find in that Colony, notwithstand- ing all that had been done, an inspiration to help them to further deeds and to realize, as probably we soon would in this country, that the only hope of the worker was to possess all the means of production, distribution and exchange for the use of the community and not for the use of the exploiter alone. (Applause.) Councillor Stott had stood out as one of the pioneers of thought. He might not have been one of the most brilliant, but he was one of the most consistent. He had not been hair-brained. Every attitude he had taken up had been the outcome of reflection. It might be, with the quick transit and the growing forces of Socialism and Labour throughout the world, that after a few years of honourable toil and distinction in the Colonies,they might have the opportunity of welcoming Councillor Stott back as a visitor, relating the experi- ences he had gained in his new home. (Applause.) It was their ardent prayer and wish that he would have a pleasant voyage, that he would on his arrival in the Colony be welcomed by friends, and that when he was surrounded by his family he would be able to take up the work he had left here, and go forward with the determination to conquer because his principles were eternal, just and right. The man who did that would have the highest reward that could come to any human being—the reward of his own conscience, that in his day and generation be tried to make the world better and to serve his fellow men. (Applause.) Messrs. C. Lee, E. Horrocks, W. Pook, T. Plumb, E. Randles, W. Lowe, and W. Richardson (president of the Trades and Labour Council) also added a few words. Councillor LORD said it gave him great pleasure to be present, as a co-worker of Councillor Stott's on the Town Council. It had always been a pleasure to sit with him in committee. lie had found Councillor Stott to be one of the true representatives of the people and whenever he (Councillor Lord) had asked him to go in a certain direction which he thought was right and Councillor Stott had seen his way, he had willingly done it. (Applause). He hoped Councillor Stott would have a pleasant journey and health and success in his new home. (Applause). The CHAIRMAN said Councillor Stott had brought a soundness of judgment, a considered opinion, and a sanity of mind to hear in the consideration of public questions, quite equal if not superior to many of those who were non-Socialists. (Applause). Councillor STOTT, on rising to reply, was greeted with loud cheers. He said he had always prided himself upon being a fighter, but he had also tried to fight fairly and to be courteous. He could assure them that he felt very keenly the fact that he was about to leave War- rington. Seven or eight months ago he had no such thought, but was looking forward to the time when Councillor Ball and be would have more Socialist colleagues to help them in their work on the Town Council. He had, however, to make the choice between Birkenhead and New Zealand. He had not seen New Zealand but he had been to Birkenhead, and he thought those who knew Birkenherd and had learnt anything about New Zealand would agree that he had made a wise selection. (Laughter.) Councillor Stott caused amusement by narrating air incident which happened when he came to Warrington as a stranger sixteen years ago. On reaching Sankey-street he saw a policeman and asked him to kindly direct him to one of the principal streets.He was shocked to find that Sankey-

DEPARTURE TO-DAY.

Councillor Stott will leave Central Station for Liverpool at 9.30 this (Saturday) morning and is sure to receive a hearty" send-oa." He will set sail from Liverpool in the "Surrey."

The wedding took place on Thursday at Christ I Church, Latchford, of Miss Elizabeth Maltman Ewart, I eldest daughter of Mrs. J. A. Ewart, RO3O Lea, Latch- ford, to Mr. George McLean Milne, son of the late Mr. and Mrs. J. Milne, of St. Vincent, West Indies. The Rev. G. C. Briggs, M.A., officiated in the presence of a large company of relatives and friends. The bride was given away by Alderman W. J. Forshaw, and looked very charming in a handsome dress of cream satin, trimmed with chiffon and embroidered lace. She wore a pearl and emerald pendant,and carried a bouquet of white roses and lilies, the gifts of the bridegroom. Her attendant bridesmaids were the Misses Annie and Beatrice Ewart (sisters of the bride), who wore saxe silk eolienne, trimmed with lace and net. Their blquets were of yellow marguerites and they wore gold and pearl brooches, presents from the bridegroom. The best man was Mr. J. S. Cairns, of Cairo. Miss I Reynolds officiated at the organ, and played music I appropriate to the service. After the ceremony a reception was held at Rose Lea, the newly-married couple departing later for Scotland, where the honey- moon is being spent. Mrs. Milne travelled in a blue cloth costume, trimmed with silk braid, and wore a heliotrope bat.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Langton—Barton.

The marriage was solemnized at Friars' Green Chapel, in the presence of a large congregation, on Thursday, of Mr. George Henry Langton, son of Mr. William Langton, of Woodville, and Miss Mary Bradford Barton, daughter of Councillor and Mrs. Thomas Barton, of " Sunnymede," Lovely-lane, Warrington. The-service was conducted by Councillor James Evans. The hymn 'The Voice that breathed o'er Eden" was sung, Mr. Tanner presiding at the organ, and the bride and bridegroom left the chapel to the strains of Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." The bride, who was given away 'by her father, was attired in a beautiful Empire dress of ninon-de-soie over silk glace trimmed with Brussels lace, with veil surmounted with spray of heather. She carried a shower bouquet of lilies, orchids, and chrysanthemums, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were the Misses Frances and Lily Barton (sisters of the bride), who wore pretty Wedgewood blue Empire dresses of crêpe-de-chine trimmed with silk lace, silk sashes, and embroidered with narrow braid, and hats of silk lace and real panama. Their bouquets were composed of rich pink carnations and were the gifts of the bridegroom. The bride's mother wore a rich black silk dress relieved with a pretty vest of lace, and bonnet trimmed • with tiny roses and white osprey. She carried a shower bouquet of roses. Mr. J. T. Barton (brother of the bride) discharged the dnties of best man. The reception was held at the Winmarleigh Cafe, and was largely attended. Later Mr. and Mrs. G. IT. Langton left for North Wales where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was a brown tweed costume with hat to match. Many handsome presents were received.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Harry Weldon, famous as "Stuffy, the goal-keeper" in Karno's football match, heads the bill at the Palace this week and provides some excellent fun. He narrates the story of a cheese of tremendous longevity and a chicken of doubtful quality and also impersonates that desperate highwayman, Dick Turpin. He talks of valiant deeds but cuts a sorry figure when he has an opportunity of putting his bravery to the test and the audience is kept in a state of hilarity by his doings. Another laughable feature is the absurdity "The silly burglar" by the Waldrons. The cracksman is exactly as described, for he sets to work on a tempting safe, with a commotion sufficient to ' rouse the neighbourhood. The gallant men in blue are soon on the scene but make a poor show, and the silly one has quite the best of matters. Helen Martin delights everyone with her refined singing, a number of familiar airs being interpreted with taste and feeling. Baker and Balfe are extremely skilful performers on the xylophone and play the overture to" Maritana " with fine effect. Mr. George W. Baker is a capital dancer and trips about gaily while the lady plays " The harp that once " oa the xylophone. Carr and Rose present a capital operetta which tells of a little domestic misunderstanding. R,osie Archer's mimicry is a popular feature, her impersonations of Vesta Tilley,Harry Lander,Vesta Victoria, and Victoria *Maks being very clover. Renee Grahame, an accomplished character vocalist, gives a dramatic rendering of " Playmates " and Hatry Sims scores a success as a light comedian, Mr. Widop's orchestra plays some excellent selections, and Raymond's 13io-Tableaux bring the programme to a close with a humorous set entitled " Catch me if you can."

===== 0002601_19080822_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
NE XT • 'WE EK'S PR OGRAM M E.

An interesting programme is announced for next week, the artistes being : —Conway and Leland, the merry monopedes ; Glenroy Troupe, said to be the most original and up-to-date troupe of male and female characteristic dancers and speciality performers in the world, in their novel specialities " Sons of Britannia's Empire" ; nose Cabani, refined comedienne and dancer ; W. G. Wesley, singer of quiet, quaint songs; Deans and Wilton, eccentric comedy acrobats ; James Howard and Fanny St. Clair, the American artistes, in comedy sketch " Do you want to buy any coke ?" ; Norah Noble, comedienne and dancer ; Larch, the clever man with funny ways.

• •\ ; ;

MAGINN, J.P.

John Maginn—to give him the title by which he loved to be called, and by which, in fact, every friend, if not indeed every person in Warrington, called him— was the son of William Maginn, an Ulster tenant- farmer and cattle dealer, and was born at Dromore,,Co. Tyrone,on January 27th,I859,being the eldest of a family of nine. His opportunities of education were scanty, occasional attendance at a rural National School until about nine years of age being all that was available to him. His uncle, however, was the local schoolmaster, and a genuine love of knowledge was implanted in him early by both his parents. Edacatim was not then compulsory, and ho left school entirely at that early age to help in the work of his father's farm. He remained at home till he was 18 years of age, but poverty, never vary far from the Irish tenant-farmer, rested with cruel force on his class in the late seventies. The commencement of the importation of American frozen meat and live stock into Great Britain utterly ruined the Ulster farmers and stock-breeders for the time.

Young John Maginn's sense of filial duty, which remained fresh and sincere down to the day of his death, and the feeling of responsibility as the eldest of a large impelled him to make special efforts to assist his parents, and with this object in view he endeavoured to get to Australasia on the Colonial Assisted Imigra- tion Scheme. Just as he thought he had succeeded in this, the Colonial Agents General in London announced that their Governrsents had withdrawn the scheme. The determined youth, seeing his hopes in that direction failed, came to England to look for employment. On the first day of his arrival a chance meeting in the train with Mr. R. T. Fairclough, of Warrington, resulted in that gentleman taking a kindly interest in the smart youth and offering him work at the Mersey Mills. Mr. Maginn often referred to this incident as provi- dential, for he had no intention of staying in Warrington when he set out from Liverpool. Since he came into prominence he often referred to Warrington as the town of his adoption, and spoke with his friends of the large consequences which flow from small causes. When, 30 years ago, Mr. Fairclough, entering the train at Widnes, kindly spoke to the young raw Irish lad and engaged him to do humble work for him in Warrington, he was really playing the part of initiator in a remote sense of several successful businesses of the present day, and determined for John Maginn definitely that Warrington was to be the scone of his life's work. But he only remained in Messrs. Pairciough's employ for a few months, as his restless, ambitions spirit urged him ;to advance. After returning to Ireland for a short I time, ho came again to Warrington and got an appoint- ment as a canvasser or travelling salesman. It was while serving in this capacity he came so much into contact with the working classes, and formed such a strong attachment for them and deep and sincere interest in their welfare. He had always looked upon them as his earliest and kindest friends.

About this time, 1882: h-e—sen-t-To-; several of his brothers to join him in Warrington, and a short time later he accepted an appointment under a sewing machine company as manager of their depot at Bury. His love for Warrington, and his belief in it as a busi- ness centre; led him to close the Bury depot and t o open the present branch of that firm in Warrington. The control of this business was not enough, how- ever, to absorb the whole of his energies, and, with the consent of his employers, he began the livery stable business in Arpley-street, and later in Sankey-street. Arpley-street at that time was only just emerging from the country or waste land stage, and it is now remem- bered that when his friends joked him about beginning I business outside the town, as they called it, Mr. Maginn strongly asserted the town would come his way some day. Events have proved his assertion true, for now almost every public institution in the borough is within a stone's throw of the location of his first adventure in trade. _ _

His snccess was rapid and continuous from this point. His early experience of live stock suggested to him to import superior carriage horses from Ireland, and while he fiercely repudiated the appellation of " horse dealer," he met with substantial encourage- ment, being patronized by many of the nobility and gentry of the district. The late Colonel Twentyman was a special patron of his and was instrumental in introducing him to many of his important customers. He was honoured with commissions from Mr. G. L. Dewhurst, the Hon. John Cross, lairs. Usher (of Arley Hall), the Countess of Meath, and numerous others. It might be mentioned that Mr. Maginn had a letter from the late Mr. Thomas Fletcher, in which that gentleman complimented him on some business he had done for him, and added the following characteristic sentence : —" I used to say, Maginn, I never know an honest horse dealer ;.I cannot say it now."

But John Maginn was never a "horsey man," he probably never bought a copy of a sporting paper nor knew the name of a Darby winner. He early saw the significance of motor cars and the advers3 influence they would have on the price and use of carriage horses and he decided when they came into being first, to withdraw to a large extent from the livery business and embark in some other less liable) to fluctuations. The result is seen in his large furniture establishments in Warrington, Bolton and elsewhere, and also in the Alliance Box Works, which was established by him and his brothers co-operatively. Had he lived, Warrington would have gained another trade eventually, for he contemplated the addition of the manufacture of bent- wood chairs to his other undertakings as soon as he had created a connection large enough to consume the product of such a factory. Mr. Maginn took little part in public affairs (and he was never a political partizan in the usual acceptance of the term) until a few years ago. He believed in a man demonstrating his capacity to conduct his own business successfully before he sought to direct the affairs of the community. It was in Julv; 1303, that he first attempted to enter the Town Council, trying con- clusions in St. John's Ward with Mr. Henry Thornton, and, like most aspirants in their first attempt, he suffered a heavy defeat. The following November he again contested the same ward, and secured election by a record majority. That majority was no less than Gil and was recorded against Mr. Ashley, run by the Non- trading party. Three years later, Mr. Maginn was ,himself defeated by Mr. T. S. Steel, Conservative, by

no less than 522. He tried to re-enter the Council, via St. Austin's Ward, in January of this year, a vacancy being caused by the elevation of Mr. Thomas Burton to the aldermanic bench, but he was defeated by Mr. Broadhurst, Conservative by 200 votes. There can be no two opinions as to the usefulness of Mr. Magian while he was in the Council Chamber, for though he appeared to some ta be a little too abrupt in his methods he was thoroughly fearless and independent, and his speeches were often illumined with touches of genuine Irish wit. After the last General Election he was made a borough magistrate, and, as the Mayor so well expressed it on Monday, ha ever showed a desire to temper [justice with mercy. _

. John Maginn always stood as an Independent, and never allowed himself to be described as " belonging " to any political party, though his convictions were mostly Liberal. At the last General Election he was among the foremost supporters of the present Member for the Borough, Mr. AR. Crosfleld, and particularly of his Home Rule and Free Trade view. But he was somewhat of a free lance on other questions. He did not agree with any of the recent education proposals, contending that education should be a national under- taking, not a local or municipal one. He often argued , that the closely populated districts' where rates were high and children numerous could not afford to educate the young generation eticiently and that the cost of sustaining a generous system of national education should be distributed pro rata on property over the country as a whole. While he lacked in support of the resent Government's declared education schemes, he supported their Licensing Bill. Only quite recently he addressed several meetings ; in fact, he addressed several meetings during his illness when he was not, at all fit for such a task. Mr. Maginn was always an enthusiastic supporter of every proposal designed to advance the well-being of the working-class—" my class " as he called them—but ho was no believer in coddling, or pauperizing treatment for theta. He wanted to see workingmen freed from evil influences and environment, and he had confidence that, given proper opportunities, they would of their own capacity and native aspirations work out their own salvation.

He was a voracious reader, diffuse and unmethodical rather than studious. It was curious to hear him expound theories and convey information of the most unexpected kind for a man of his upbringing. He was full of facts relating to all manner of subjects, and it was by his peculiar and extensive reading, and by his actual contact with life here and in continental countries' that he became the self-reliant man he was. He had aforemost admiration for Thomas Hardy, among novelists, and it might be said that that author's book, "The Mayor of Casterbridge," had an influence in shaping Mr. Maginn's own career, had it only been written a decade earlier than it was.

Mr. Maginn married in 1890 Mahalah, the second 'daughter of George and Thyrza Voase, of Martin-in- Holderness, Yorkshire. This lady proved a true help- meet to him in all his business undertakings, and with- out doubt contributed by her energy and ability to his success as a trader. He leaves her to survive him, to bring up their family of five—two sons and three daughters—all of whom are still of tender ape. Mr. Maginn's love of children was unique. Who an War- rington does not remember the colossal " Kidies' Picnics "to Lymna during the years he was the St. John's representative in the Council. . .

_ Altogether he was the one of most remarkable Irish- men who ever came into Warrington and took a part in its corporate life, and proudly claimed it as the city of his adoption.

As a in-ark of respect to the deceased gentlemen the flags at the Town Hall and the Liberal Club were dis- played at half mast.

THE FUNERAL. Striking evidence of the respect in which the late Mr. Maginn was held by all classes of the community was afforded on Wednesday when the funeral took place at the Warrington Cemetery. The streets which the procession traversed were lined with people and at the Cemetery a large concourse had gathered to pay a last tribute to one who had played such a worthy part in the public and commercial life of the town. The mem- bers of the Corporation and magistrates met at the Town Hall and joined the corthge at Raddon Court,the deceased's late residence. For some time before the funeral, the bell of St. Mary's Church, Buttermarket- street, was tolled. The procession was headed by a detachment of police in charge of Inspector Smith and the representatives of public bodies followed in carriages. The coffin was covered with beautiful wreaths and a large number of additional floral tributes were conveyed in a brougham. The last rites were performed by the Rev. J. H. Roche, of Our Lady's Church, Latchford.

I —Tha chief mourners were :—Mr. William Maginn I (father), Masters John and William Maginn (sons), Messrs. Patrick, Felix, and Bernard Maginn (brothers), and. Mr. Ruben Grainger (brother-in-law). The following representatives of pnblic bodies and organizations with which the deceased gentlemen was associated, were present :- 1 Corporation : The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Aldermen Tinnion, Pierpoint, Forshaw, and Ellison, Councillors Wilkinson Rogers, Barton, Toole, Steel, Singleton, Cunning ton;Broadhurs t, Dickenson, Skelland, Ashcroft, and Locker; Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), G. F. F. White (magistrates' clerk), M. Nicholls (Chief Constable), J Dens (water engineer), T. Longdin (borough surveyor),- W S Howard (assistant secretary of the gas department), NV T Flood (chief inspector of nuisances), E England (elective auditor). Magistrates (not members of the Council) • Messrs. S. Wright, W. Roberts, R. T. Fairclough, C. Jackson Holmes, W. Furness, E. J. Guest, T. Looker. Liberal Assodiation : Councillor Wilkinson (chair- man), and Councillor Locker (secretary). United Irish League : Messrs. P. Delaney (secretary), C. Roddy, Councillor Toole, J. Black, J. Donworth, and P. Heesom.

Catholic Young Men's Society: Messrs. S. H. Smith, Frank Hughes,James Flynn,M.Cunningharn and A .Crcwe. Alliance Box Company : Messrs. A. Russell, R. T. Fairclough, E. Fairclough (secretary), Worthy (works manager), A. Pitt (cashier), J. R. Williams (auditor). The following employees of the deceased gentleman acted as bearers :—Messrs. A. E. Hill, H. Solan, W. Barnes, C. Nock, H. Brown' and P. Nixon. Amongst others present were :—Dr. Collins, Dr. Peacocke, Rey. H. Wall, Messrs, J. Mainwaring, It. Lewis, W. Clegg, T. Houghton, John Lee, J. F. Dixon, T. A. Sutton, J. Critchley. Ellis Vane, Collins, J. Hatton (Lymm), Roden, R. Tanner, Eager, T. Gould, P. J. Whittle, H. Burrows, W. Haigh, J. Eckersley. Wreaths were sent by the following :—Widow. and children, " Father, Patrick, Catherine and Bernard," " Felix and Edith,"" Alice and Ruben," " Cissie and Alfred," Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., and Mrs. Crosfield, Warrington Liberal Association Warrington Branch of United Irish League, Catholic 'Young Men's Society, employees of Alliance Box Company, employees of the furnishing department,employees at Park Mews, Messrs. Cunningham. Messrs. J.and J.Blinston,Mr. and Mrs. Mc Clinton, Mr. Herbert Btirrows, Mr. T. Lon,gdin, Mr. E. Osborne, Mr.W.G. Guest, Mr. and Mrs. Forshaw, Mr. P. Delaney, Mr. L. Fleming, Mr. Jonathan Hayes, Mr. and Mrs. Taylor( Llandudno),Mr.and Mrs.lii 11 (Bridge-street), Mr.and Mrs. Little (Bridge-street), Messrs, Polling and Southerton, Mr. and Mrs. T. Grainger, Mr. and Mrs. Owen Toole, Mr. George W. Clubley, Mr. Joseph R. Williams.

The funeral arrangements were carried out for Messrs Magian Bros., by Mr. G. H. Whitney. COUNCILLOR STOTT'S TRIBUTE. In the course of his foal address to the electors of Orford Ward on Tuesday evening, Councillor Stott said that although the late Mr. Maginn was such a strong opponent of his on the question of trade unionism, they were very good friends and only three weeks ago had a long and interesting conversation on municipal Govern- ment. He (Councillor Stott) had had occasion to differ very strongly with Mr. Maginn, but he could assure that meeting that their departed friend hai many good qualities, and he believed that had Mr. Maginn again been returned to the Council he would have adopted a different attitude with regard to trade union conditions. They all regretted that a man in the prime of life who appeared to be so strong some months ago, should pass away so suddenly, and their deepest sympathy was with the widow and family.

MAGISTERIAL REFERENCES. Before commencing the business at the Borough Police Court on Monday, The Mayon (Alderman Smethurst) said it was his unfortunate duty to have to announce from that Bench the death of one of their brother magistrates, Mr. John Maginn. Mr. Maginn had only been a short time in the office of magistrate of the borough, but they all believed sincerely that during the time he had fulfilled that office he had endeavoured, according to his own conscience, to adminster justice with mercy. He (the Mayor) was sure that the feelings of the Bench and the eel ings of the Court were that the greatest sympathy f hould he expressed to his dear widow and family, and sll connected with him. a Mr. W. ROBERTS said he would like to say, as one of the juniors upon that bench, how deeply he mourned the loss they had sustained. On Monday of list week Mr. Maginn sat by his side, and it was patent to all that he was in great bodily suffering, and all felt that his time in this world was exceedingly short. fie looked a pathetic figure, and he (Mr. Roberts) thought that Mr. Maginn profoundly believed that his attendance there last Monday would probably be his last. He told Mr. Wright and himself how greatly he feared that his time was very short. He was profoundly attached to the dear old town of Warrington. He (the speaker.) well remem- bered that In one of his addresses, Mr. Magma stated how many years ago, he tramped into the town a poor, labour- ing lad, looking out for employment. That employment was eventually found, and from that day he had never turned back, but by persistent hard work, indomitable courage and perseverance, prosperity seemed to have dawned upon him, and just at the time when success seemed to be within his grasp an insidious disease had taken hold of him and carried him away. Their tenderest sympathies went out that morning to his bereaved widow and children. He commended them to Him who had promised to be a husband to the widow and a father to the fatherless children. Mr. S. Wright said he had been closely associated with Mr. Magian, and he felt his loss very much. He did not think there was any man jg the town who was more greatly attached to it than Mf. Maginn, and the town had suffered a great loss. lie took a greater interest in the town, and their deepest sympathy would go out to his widow and family.

CONDOLENCE PROM UNITED IRISH LEAGUE A special and largely attended meeting of the War- rington Branch of the United Irish League was held ors I Monday evening. Mr. P. Delaney p residing. The chairman very feelingly referred to the great loss sustained by the Branch through the sad death of the President, Mr. J. Magian, J.P., end expressed sympathy with the widow and children. On the motion of Mr. r. Cunningham, seconded by Mr. C. Roddy, the following resolution was passed iv silence,the members standing :- 'That we, the members of the Warring ton Branch of the United Irish League deeply regret to learn of the sad death of our able and valued President, Mr. J. Maginn, J.P., and tender our heartfelt sympathy to his sorrowing wife and children." It was decided that a floral tribute taking the form of a harp, be procured.At the oonclusion of the meeting the members proceeded to the station and awaited the arrival of the train conveying the body. The coffin being placed in the hearse they formed two deep and led the mournfal procession to Raddon Court, leitchford, the residence of the deceased gentleman.

DETAILS. 100 YARDS FLAT MACE HANDICAP.-First prize, oak clock and bronzes ; 2nd, walnut barometer ; 3rd, silver-plated teapot; 4th, case of carvers. Winners of heats : Ist heat, 1, PC, John Glover, scratch ; 2, P 0,11 A Woollacott, 8 yards ; 2nd heat, 1, P C 11 Armstrong, 2 yards; 2, P C, A Woods, II yards ; 3rd heat, 1, PC Woodland, 5 yards; 2, P C Andrews, 3 yards. Final :-1, P C, H Armstrong ; 2, P C Woodland; P C, II A Woollacott ; 4, P C J Glover. 880 YARDS FLAT RACE HANDICAP.-First prize, silver-plated tea and coffee service and oak tray ; 20d, silver-plated oak salad bowl ; 3rd, slyer-plated table lamp.-Winners of heats : Ist heat, 1, John Jordon, Barrow, 54 yards ; 2, J Lightfoot, Warrington, 61 yards: 3, F J Armitage, Manchester, 61 yards ; 4, Henry Beech, Widnes, 70 yards •, 2nd heat, I,J T Rice, Sefton Harriers, 46 yards ; 2, Arthur Siddall, Warrington, 65 yards ; George Watmough, Warrington, 38 yards. Final :-1, John Jordon, Barrow ; 2, Arthur Siddall, Warrington ; 3, J T Rice, Sefton Harriers. Half-yard between Ist and 2nd. 100 YARDS FLAT RACE HANDICAP (Open).-First prize, massive marble clock and forums ; 2nd. silver- ' plated biscuit barrel ; 3, silver-plated salad bowl- Winners of heats L C Warburton, 7i yards. Samuel James, Sankey, 10 yards ; John Moran, War- rington, 31 yards ; C E Richards, Liverpool, 9-1 yards I J Passant, Pembroke, 8/. yards; S Morgan, Salford, S. yards ; J C Bardsley, Warrington, 71 yards ; H Burrows Warrington, 10 yards ; T Teggin, Warrington 9:1 yards; J Gibson, Warrington, 10 yards; R Rothweil, Bolton, George Mo Leary, West Cheshire, 81 yards. Final ._•-•19 I S Morgan, Salford ; 2, George Mc Leary, West Cheshire, 3, J Passant, Pembroke. ONE MILE Bre YCLE HANDICAP, (OPEN).-lst prize, silver-plated table-centre ; 2nd,silver-plated fruit stand; , 3rd, case of carvers. Winners of heat : L A Wood, , Runcorn, 160 yards ; P Trapnell, Cambridge, 185 yards; W Washington, Middlevvich, 130 yards ; Stanley Evans. Chester, 105 yards. Final :--1, William Washington, Aliddlewich ; 2, John Hands, Warrington ; 3, Stanley I Evans, Chester. 220 YARDS FLAT RACE HANDICAP (open to members of any police force).-First prize, 18 day walnut Westminster chiming clock; 2nd, silver plated cheese_ dish; 3rd, silver-plated pickle frame: Winners Of heat: Ist heat, 1, Bruce Huntington, Widnes, 7 yards , ; 2, D. Carroll, Manchester, 1 yard ; 2nd heat, I,T Watch, Manchester, 10 yards ; 2,E Jordan, Liverpool, 10 yards ; 3rd heat, 1, H Stephen, Liverpool, 23 yards ; 2, II 3 Armstrong, Warrington 12 yards. Final :-1, Stephen, Liverpool; 2, 'T Watch, Manchester ; 3, Jordan.

100 VAIIDS FLAT RACE HANDICAP (confined to Tradesmen and Shop Assistants in the Borough).—Firan prize, silver-plated fruit and flower table centre ; 2nd. silver-plated ink stand ; 3rd, silver-plated sugar basin ; Winners of heats : W Bellian, Warrington, 7 yards ; S Harrison, Warrington, 5 yards; J Spencer, Warrington, 7 yards ; 17 Main, Warrington, 6 yards ; Peter Sherratt. NVarrington, 10 yards ; J Hannon, Warrington, 9 yards ; William Green, Warrington, 5 yards ; J C Short, Warrington, 9 yards ; T Spencer, Warrington, 4 yard. SECOND ROUND OF 100 YARDS RACE (Tradesmen ano Tramway Employees).—Heats Ito 4 : I, J !!!pencer ; 2, S Harrison. Heats 5 to 9 : I, William Green ;2, 2, Peter Sherratt. Final :-1, Peter Sherratt; 2, William Green ; 3, Joseph Spencer. 220 YARDS FLAT RACE HANDICAP (open.)-Ist prize, combined case of cutlery and silver plate ; 2nd, silver- plated spirit kettle ; 3rd, silver-plated hot-water jug. Winners of heats : Robert Collin, 19 yards; J Passant- Pembroke, 151 yards ; F Thompson, Farnworth, 161 yards ; F A Grove, Thatto Heath, 15.1: yards : JameS O'Connell, Middlesboro', 15 yards ; .1 Colville, Barrow, 17.4 yards ; J Gibson, Warrington, 17 yards ; J Leather, Warrington, 161 yards. Final :-1, F A Williams, ' Broughton ; 2, J Colville, Barrow ; 2, T Thompson. Two MILES BICYCLE HANDICAP (OPEN).—First prize, silver-plated cut glass and flower stand ; 2nd, silver-plated ink stand; 3rd, case of gent's hair brushes. Winners of beats : Thomas Shermtt,Salford.3o yards ; H Wilson, Manchester, 200 yards ; William Washington. Mbidlewich, 200 yards ; B. Jolley, Sefton Harriers, 170 yards. Final :-1, Rhys William Clydach, Swansea ; 2, R Jolly, Sefton Harriers ; T Jarvis; 3, St. Helens - ONE MILE FLAT HANDIC ti' (Confined to the staff of the Royal Court and Royal Theatres).-1, Albert Newns; 2, George Clark ; 3, J Bibby. ONE MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP (confined to Warring- ton Borough Police, competitors to ride in uniform).-- , First prize, 6 bottle silver-plated cruet stand ; 2nd. silver-plated fruit dish ; 3rd, case of cnltery : 1, P.C. Willis ; 2nd, P.C. H A Woolacott ; 3, P.C. J Berry. ONE MILE FLAT RACE HANDICA.P.—First prize, on3'g gilt clock and ornaments ; 2nd, silver-plated flower ' stand ; 3rd, silver-plated cruet and egg frame : 1. Reuben Bennett, Warrington, 128 yards ; 2, Thomas Johnson. Wrexham, 122 yards ; 3, Charles Hizlehurst, Great Harwood, Millstone H. 144 yards.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL PRESENTED.

Speech by Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P.

DEATH OF MR. JOHN MAGINN, J.P.

THE STORY OF A STRENUOUS LIFE.

We announce with deep regret,which will be shared by all our readers, the death of Mr. John Maginn,J.P., of Raddon Court, who passed away at Leeds on Saturday evening. Mr. Magian, whose state of health had for a long time past given great anxiety to his relatives and friends, underwent a surgical operation at the Yorkshire Co-operative Nursing Homes, Hyde. terrace, Leeds, last Friday morning. The operation was entirely successful, but it was of a severe nature, and the shock consequent upon it was more than Mr. Maginn in his reduced state of bodily health could withstand. For some time after it took place, 20 to 21 hours, he seemed to be dcing well, and showed every prospect of recovering, but-at an early hour on Saturday morning he became worse and gradually sank The surgeons in charge, however, had hopes he would rally, and, to prevent all chance of the excitement acting adversely on him, would not allow his relatives to see hint until Saturday at noon. About that time it was evidenthe was losing strength fast, and his wife and brothers were allowed into the room. He was quite conscious and calm,and even then spoke hopefully, but it,was easy to see his distress was increasing every moment. During the afternoon he became restless, desiring his position to be constantly changed, and thence forward he sank rapidly. While the last sacraments of the Catholic Church were being administered by the Rev. Father O'Connor, of Leeds, he made the responses in a firm, clear voice, which showed no trace of fear of his impending death. Only a little while later, however, he lost consciousness momentarily, but recovering again he pressed his wife's hand, and uttering a few words quietly, breathed his last -

It was characteristic of the man that he made all the arrangements himself for this operation, and would not allow any relative to accmapany him or be neat' while it was taking place. He made light of it to his relatives in his peculiar, self-reliant way, but we learn that he was cognisant of the probability of its ending fatally, for on Monday week, when he officiated as a magistrate for the last time, he referred to the occasion as the final act of his magisterial office. He also, in conversation with other friends, made refer- ence to the possibility of never seeing them again. He leaves a widow and five young children, and a host of admiring friends to mourn his loss.

The body w—as brought from Leeda to Raddon Court on Monday evening, and was met at Bank Quay Station by a number of representatives of the different Irish and Catholic bodies in the town.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE 'At

LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Wallington— Atkinson.

There was a pretty wedding at Wycliffe Congrega- tional Church on Tnesday, when Alr, Tom F. Wallington, son of Mr. George Wallington, Froghall- lane, was married t 3 Miss Henrietta (Dolly) Atkinson, daughter of Mr. Henry Atkinon, Eaglescliffe, Latchford. Great interest was taken in the happy event and a large congregation assembled. The church was tastefully decorated with flowers and plants. The Rev. John Yong° officiated. Mr. W. 11. Payton, Mits. Bee., presided at the organ and played choice 3 elect"., including Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." The bride, who was given away by her father, was attended by Miss Minnie Pell, of Kirkby Lonsclale, and Miss Annie Wallington. Mr. George Wallington, jun., discharged the duties of b.st man. After the ceremony a reception was held in Wyclifie Memorial Buildings, a large number of guests attending. Later the happy couple left for the Lake District where the honeymoon is being spent. They were the recipients of many handsome presents.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Milne—Ewart.

THE POLICE SPORTS.

The Police Sports have become 'Rl:Tilly established among our local athletic meetings and the attendance cf 4,000 on the Wilderspaol enclosure on Thursday after- noon showed that the festival is not waning in popular- ity. Our local custodians of the peace are ever ready to respond to the call of charity and once more the proceeds were devoted to such worthy objects as the Warrington Infirmary .and other institutions and the Police Athletic club. From beginning to end the sports were most interesting. Unfortunately the fine weather did not hold out till the . close of the

meeting, for towards tea-time rain began to fan heavily and the attendance was speedilY thinned. The programme was admirably carried through and although there were several spills in the cycle races no one was seriously hurt. C. Berry,the local crack, had i the misfortune to come a cropper n the two miles and this spoiled his chances. T. Sherratt, the famous rider, won his heat in grand style from virtual scratch, but declined to turn out in the final, as he considered it risky with the track in such a slippery state. The entries for the sports constituted a record and included many noted athletes. Local competitors acquitted themselves fairly well, a fine victory being i that of Reuben Bennett, Warrington, n the one mile flat race. Praise is due to the • following officials for the excellence of the arrange- ments :—President, Mr MNicholls, Chief Constable ; vice-presidents, Detective Superintendent Monaghan, Inspectors Williamson, Smith, Foster, and Hod,gkiss ; judges, Alderman D. Tinnion, J.P, Messrs Harvey, 'l' Looker, J.P, Babbitt, D Wyllie F Barber, Pickavano and Booth ; N.C.O ; timekeeper:Mr, E Warren ; marks- men, Messrs F Crabtree, Birchall, W Carter, Reece, Whittaker, J Beardsall, P Coates, W Bellian and Astill ; stewards, Ex-Sergeant Evans, Sergeants Barlow, Stewart, Detective Meacock, P.O's Clough, Newsy, Hayes, Tolley' Wyse, Burrows and Rylate ; clerk of the course, Inspector Hodgkiss and P.O Hesp ; starter. Mr T Wainwright, Salford Harriers; secretary, P.O T Bennett ; assistant secretary, P.O Whitby. During tho afternoon the Blue Coat School Baud played selections and there was a military tournament by a contingent of soldiers from Orford Barracks,under the direction of Instructors Sergeant Major Scott and 'Sergeant Knight.

===== 0002601_19080822_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
FINEST FLOWER SHOW. Many Titled Winn—e; at the Shrewsbury

Fete. Shrewsbury floral fke—the finest of its kind in the. country—was held on Wednesday and Thursday end attracted many thousands of visitors to the old town - The feature of the show was the wonderful display of roses, some of them being almost as big as cabbages. The sweet peas were also remarkably fine. Apart frora the beauty of the exhibits, there were many attractione for the thousands of visitors who flocked to Shrewsbury from all parts. Three regimental bands provided music, the Spencer family supervised balloon ascents,and there were horse-leaping competitions. In the great group class Messrs. Cypher, of Chelten- ham, again swept the board. Over £lOO was offered prizes for a collection of fruit arranged for decorative effect, and the premier prize was secured by the Duke' of Westminster, with the Earl of Harrington second, Mr. Granville Farquhar third, and the Duke of Portland fourth. For bridal bouquets Messrs. Felton and Sons, ef Hanover-square, and W. G. Garner, of Altrinchanit secured the chief awards. The principal prize for 3 collection of grapes was won by thc Earl of Harrington: and other prominent winners were Lord Belper, Loru" Harlech, Lady Ashburton, the Marquis of Northarnptea' Sir P. A. Muntz, M.P., Lord Trevor. Sir D. Duckwortlii King, the Earl of Lathom. Sir T Hesketh, Bart., [Pr Hatherton, and the Hon. Vicary Gibbs.

Marriages. MASSEY—ROLIGHLEY.—August 15tb, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barbers' Joseph Massey to Elizabeth Alice Roughley.

- - Warrington.—Printed and published by JoHN W0..100 & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Workr Berney-street, and published by them at the PI place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-ros WIDNES .• 32, George-street, ST. FIELEFS: 3, Market qtreet, EARusrowN; Church-street EuricoV 22nd, 1908.

, ;

I

1

1 11

. , ,

i 11 I 1

===== 0002601_19080822_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, . WYCLIr FE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH'. • FiEWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON. . TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST 23RD, 1908. Piarionvn : REV. J. EMIR. 1 10.30 AID 6.30. i .---" ‘....i..-• USUAL OFFERTORIES. -. P.S.A. FOR MEN ONLY, 3 P.m. 0 .. . , . . . . 4 „ ~ \, , , .:,.; :. , ~,„.:....„._.....4 ~,... 41„., ~,,.. -r 111 • - int il, • , 13 oTLo.Dm;i&To wR Es uEuTu A yNTI EASuL E v .- :.,:. !"-. i-4 4l'! k:.', z"..,. .. . . .. N. , I '.• '... , MORN/NG 30.33: Rev. THODIAS MILLER. o.L .!•,,,,,,,. de. .4.t, , 1 . EVENING e. 30 : Rev. WILLIAM MELLOR. • -3 . . ti...,...„ ~ A\ All ~ elcome. Hymn Book' provided. _ .

LE SEY -ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST 230 n. MORNING 10.30: Rec. WILLIAH MRLLOR. ETENING 6.33 : Rev. THOHAS MILLER. All Welcome. Hymn Rooks trovlded.

BAPTIST CH U RC H. LATCHFORD. TO.MONNOW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 23rd,1908. . PBEACIIEB : REV. J. F. MATTHEWS. Morning 1O.30:' The Unity of Christendom." Evening 6.30 : " Redemption through Love." OFFERTORIES.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME) WARRINGTON'. Managing Director.- - - - ME. Fetl/ex MACNAGIITEN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, AUGUST 24YE, 1908. CONWAY AND LELAND The Merry Monopedes, rioss CABANI, Relined Comedienne and Dancer. W. G. WESLEY, Singer of Quiet Quaint Songs. DEANS AND WILTON, Eccentric Comedy Acrobats. JAMES HOWARD AND FANNY T. CLAIR. In the comedy sketch " Do you want to buy any coke 0' RAYMOND'S B 10-TABLEAU X. NORAII NOBLE, Comedienne and Dancer. LAROLA, The Clever Man with funny ways. GLENROY TROUPE Five in number—male and female characteristic Dancers and speciality performers In " SOPS of Britannia'a Emplre." Gallery, 3d. ; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d. ; Early Door, 95. Circle, Is.; karly Door, Is. 33.

3EXIM WIC /441,214-Mlei M• FINAL CLEARANCE OF REMNANTS COMMENCING MONDAY NEXT. W. HODOKINSON LTD., Bridge St.

CHANGE OF ADDRESS. C. JACKSON HOLMES, INSURANCE BROKER, QuEErs CHAMBERS, 264, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GREATER CONVENIENCE TO CLIENTS HAS REMOVED TO THE ABOVE OFFICES. SPECTIL BITES QUCTEL) FOR ALL CLAS9ES OF 1/CWIII/ME. Telei:hone 352.

BAPTIST CHURCH, CiOLBORN E STREET, To-monßow, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23RD, 1908. PREACHER: Bev. E. E. lA:MEILEN. MORNING 10.45. " Overtime." EVENING 6.30. " SankPv and bia Scup" Visitors welcome. All teats free.

NOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN that the TRANSFER BOOKS of THE DEBENTURES, Pre- ference and Ordinary Shares of FLETCHER RUSSELL and LIMITED, WILL BE CLOSED from August 24th to the 6lst August inclusive. - By Order of the Directors, W. H. RUDGB, Secretary.

GO SAM 1111 GREE . THE SPOT SHOP T j (FISH MARKET), FOR JEV lERY THIN G

W ORKINGMEN'S INFIIMARY COMMITTEE. POPULAR ANNUAL CONCERT. In AID cf the NVARRINGTON INFIRISIAP.Y NULL 13E HELD IN THE PARR HALL, Un SATURDAY, 3nn OCTOBER, 1909. J. H. 3. HAMPSON, rrn. Secretary.

SANITARY AL TER A TlO N:2 . P. MOON EY & Co., CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONCRETE. FLAGGING, AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOR GOOD WORK. 27. WARwICK. ST., LIVER ST„ MANCHESTER. TeL: 3679.

AMAL OAM A TED MUSICIANS' UNION.— WARRINGTON BRANCH. AFFILIATED TO TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL. Tbe above 13raneh la OPEN TO SUPPLY ORCHESTRAS for any CLASS OF ENGAGEMENT AND ANY NUMBIIR OF MUSICIANS FOR CONCRRTS. BALLS, GARDEN PARTIES, &c., &C. FOR .1.1:1‘ rid AFPLY : F. DAVIEF, Sac., 112, Lovely lane, Warrington.

SMITH 4St. WALIKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR SPRING WEAR. AGENT FOR• THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 Y. iv/PARKET GrA.T.E, 32rimuaxmaTON.

rkiE niNAGHAN T 14:STI NIONIAL FUND. SUB3CSIPHONS to the ABOVE FUND may be rAID ircrn PARR 'S BANK, LTD., or forwarded direct to LLe undersigned, ARTHUR BEOWNF, How. TIMIS. 67, SaNICHY STREET.

AMALGAMATED SOCIETY OF CARPE,NTERS AND JOINERS (Warrington Branch).—DßAW FOR TOOLS of the late DUO. J. FAGAN POSTPONRD until September sth.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO, CAPITAL subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,400,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. WAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS Warrington Mr.C.J.HOLMES, Queen's Chambers,Sankey at. Mr, W.H. RIG B EY,Nessell e,llctoria-rd.,Latch d St. Helens Mr.j.S. LEACH, Hardshaw-atret t Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rockery Bridge

ROYAL COURT TIIEATRE WARRINGTON' MONDAY NEXT. AUGUST 2, 1908 AND DURING THII IVRRE. MR. PERCY NORMAN PRESENTS HIS No. 1 COMPANY IN THE GREAT DOMESTIC AND MILITARY DRAMA "A WOMAN WORTH WINNING," BY I. E. MACKAY, TIME AND PRICES AS USUAL. seats booked at the Theatre 11 to 1 daily, and 8 to 9 p.m.

AVARRINGTON AND DISTRICT CRICKET LICACIUB, DRAW POSTPONED until Ain.. 29ra . RS MAGINN nnd FAMILY DESIRE TO Lui. THANK the very numerous KIND FAIRNDii who have in various ways conveyed their sympathy in the great bereavement they have suffered. It is impossible to thank everyone individually. and Mrs. Maginn trusts all friends /ill accept her sincere and grateful acknowledgement,. Haddon Court, Warrington, August llst, 16C8.

THE PUBLIC ARE SHOWING A DAILY INCREASING INTEREST IN THE SCOTTISH NATIONAL EXHIBITION, SAUGHTON PARE, EDINBURGH. OPEN TILL OCTOBER. 1938. The Exhibition boa attracted Universal attention because of Its uniqueness. It aPPeals to all lovers of the Picturesque, and t every devotee of Nationality. Its interest is not restricted to the Home Country. It has a vital interest for the whole Empire and the whole World. ATIOSAL COLLECTION OF RAREST SCOTTISH RELICS, MAGNIFICENT ARRAY OF SCOTTISH ART Mit SCOTLAND'S FOREMOST PAINTERS—PAST AND PRESENT. BPLENDID INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITS FROM MANY COUNTRIES. FAMOUS HOME AND FOREIGN BANDS, CONCERTS, ORGAN RECITALS, rOPCLAII AMUSEMENTS, NOTABLE NOVELTIES. ON 25TH AND 26TH SEPTEMBER, 1.-GREAT SCOTS HIGHLAND GATHERING. FIFE BANDS. SCOTTISH MUSIC, HIGHLAND -"AIICING. BY SCOTS FROM ALL PARTS OF L'COTLAND. ON SAME D'ITE AS ABOVE IL-GREAT SCOTS NATIONAL SANGSCHAW. IVIDDIR CHALLEIIGE bHIELD AND RAPIER SILVER CUP FOR SENIOR AND JUNIOR CHOIRS. VIRST-CLASS SCOTS 00:1014RT EACH EVENING. THESE EVENTS ARE OF UNIVERSAL INTEREST. "UhS OF ADMISSION i-10 a.m. to 10 p.m., Adults. 8. ; Children, 6d.

AIR. LEVI EICHARDEON, TEACHER OF EINOINrI, 212, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY, WARRINGTON.

STEPHEN MOSS Sr.; ICONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL 13MITHP, ALL KINDS OF :AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS. STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, ãc. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON.

BIRKBECK BANK. ft ESTABLISHED 1551. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, !HIGH HOLBOBN, W.C. 2k PER CENT. INTRREST . allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Olcurse Wok. All General Banking Business Transacted. , ALMANACR, wrra FULL PARTICULOB, POST FUEL C. F. RAVENbCIROFP, SRCRETABY

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 1 79 BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout. Baas's Pale Ale, Ilasa's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Ailropp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley'. and Slack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LINER BEER IN BOTTLE. A tso M.AItrFACTUREES OF lIIGII-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTH 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE i. 5/6 Faox 3/6 EACH. twit. T S BROWS, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

rrEiPA CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRBPARND to RBOHIVB LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREAeURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

T RIPS TO PARIS, Ecotland, Switzerland, Ste., -I.- personally c3nducted by Faux MILLS, 163 K, Lee it., Oldhasr. Stamp.

J. E. WARREN 150 WILDERSPOOL RD. Warrington. :elephone 54t. WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MERCHANT. COAL LIME, BRICKS, FIRE-CLAY, GOODS, DRAIN PIPES, CEMENT, PLASTER, SHARP SAND AND CLAY. Agent for the ACCRINGTON BRICK & TILE CO., SKELSEYS' ADAMANT CEMENT, ENQUIRIES INVITED.

IPA' TEE MAKE NEW TONE PERFECT YOUR DIAPHRAGM the most natural rerroduction yet obtained. GRAMOPHONE FOR BDIEION TYPE MACHINE, 2e. For Gramophone and Zonophone nod PERFECT, other Disc Sound 80xer,35. Fitted free cf charge. If Bound Box sent by post JAKE remit 3d. extra for return postage. CAN TELL JAKE GRAHAM, YOU HOW. 176, & 76A RENSHA W STREET, LIVERPOOL,

JOSEPH CROSFIELD Sr. SONS, LIMITED, 41 PER CENT. A DEBENTURE bTOCIC, teThe TRANSFER BOOM of this Company relative to this " WILD B CLOSED from the 24th to the 31st AUGUST E inst. (both days inclusive) for the purpose of 13"PariTIE and Issuing Interest Warrants due it September. (Signed) J. R. WALIDLY, Secretary. Warrington, 21st August, 19:8.

ARRINGTON UNION. TENDERS.— PHRSONS WILLING to Contract for the sup ply of any cf the undermentioned article., to te delivered frpe or expense at the Workhouse, Warrington, or Cottage Homes Padgate, at such times and in such quantities as the Guardians or their officers rnav require, are requested to send in tenders to me on or before Friday, September 11th, 19)3. Tenders are required for : Milk for Workhouse Milk for Schools Sweeping Chimneys from 4th October, 1908, to 2nd October, 1909. Coal and Slack Fish and Ice Clogs Groceries and Necessaries Boots, Shoes and Slippers Butchers' Meat Coffins Officers Joints Brooms and Brushes ?lour and Oatmeal Leather and Shoemakers' Bread for Cottage Homes Necessaries Drapery Tailors Goods Wines and Spirits Butter Drugs Dacm Dressings Cheese Soda Water Lard Floor Polish Margarine Disinfecting Fluid Tobacco and Snuff Oils. from sth October, 1903, to 27th March, 1909. Separate Tenders must be sent for the Workhouse and Cottage Homes, and samples of the articles required can be seen at either institution between the hours o[lo 8.113. and 4 p.m. The fuel to be supplied must be according to the specifica- tion as set forth on the tender form and quotations must be made for delivery either to the new siding [rejoining the Workhouse or by cart, and by cart to the Cottage Homes. Forms of tender, and instructions to persons tendering, (which must be strictly Complied with) may be obtained from the undersigned. All accounts will be paid monthly. The Guardians do not necessarily bin.' themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By order, ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, Clerk to the Guardians. Dewsey Chambers, August 20th, 19:8.

TIESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—A NUMBER OP SCHOLARSHIPS FOR FEMALES are cfered to give thorough INSTRUCTION IN DAIRY i\v'OßK, and tenable for-I4 weeks at the Dairy Institute, orleston, commencing September 21st, 1998. Application FOTMS can be obtained from the Director ?? Education, City-road, Chester, to whom they Should °tll returned not later than September 7th, 1908.

4ATAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIEL MAKE, WARRANTED, PORT FREE 21. 6d., 35., 49. 6D., dsat,.E4, 6D J. G. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'd LANE, LIVERPOOL, Made And Ground By linglieh Labour. Local agent: J. IltatswonTa. Market Hal!. Warrington

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE;BEST AND CHEAPEST EVEN OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. ED., EACH WHOLESALE% BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1333. M. THOS. CLAREE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, " EXAMINE R " OFFICE, 33 MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON INCORPORATED PERMANENT BUILDING soczEry. Incorporated 1875. Advances at low rates of interest made to 'Shareholders to !table them to build or purchase their own houses. Repay- kerns by easy instalments. .._hbares £lO each payable by monthly instalments of 10e. ;t49 be taken up at any time and deposits from srfial `uvestrrs are particularly invested. thTbe Div Mend to t..lsareholders has never in any year since EL3.loCiety's Incorporation been less than £1 per cent. lhe VietY Was never In a sounder position. or further particulars. Books of Rules, ecc. apply to the ."11,41(er. T. A. BUTTON, street, Warrington.

SPORTING GUNS. SPECIAL OFFER, on account of over-production. We are now cffering all grades of guns at actual cost. Orders executated In rotation. Anyone requiring a gun It will pay them to write us at once. Our npecial Double-barrel Guns 385., ECe., and Vs. Actual rnarget prices for these guns 502.. EN., and ECs. Guaranteed British Material throughout. All orders to be accompanied by P.O. or DI. Order. HAW). nearly a century. 2118 STEBLHOUSIi 0173 CO., STERLHOUSE LUUH, BI EIMINGII AM.

COUNTy BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- TO COAL MERCHANTS. R GENERAL PURPOSRS COIII'IITTRE of the Ta-u_on of the County Borough of Warrington's PR&PARED • ECBIVB TENDURS FOR COAL for the several offices, ; of the Corporation. further information may be obtained at the office ot knv,..°,Pugh Surveyor, Town Hall, at which place tenders ue delivered before 12 o'clock on Saturday, the sth day • eGtember, 1008. 40.5 lowest or any tender not necessarily accented. THOMAS LONG DIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. 13°Pngh Br.gtneer and Surveyor's Mice, • 4" gust 21st, 1908.

bU BUN, ALSO E NOLIS.LILAICES TEDCASTLE LINE. • " BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA." " EELANA," and .uHLA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool, bI oft, Tuesday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to k BLIN. Return Saloon, 101. ; Steerage. 51. with Cheap iletirsion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY. to BraY.Wicklow h„c'ett. de„ and on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney,Cork, a„4oran, Warrenpoint, &c. " BLACKROCIE " every Tuesday and Friday tlverpoo/ and every Monday and Wednesday from Epg gm DIAL ROUND SBA TRIP, per " Cumbria," Every urdad., to Whitehaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes, tar;,-,e,e to Dublin and back. Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 A-,V). Saloon% 20.. ' TEDCASTLE aIcOORMICK CO., LIMITED, Pooi.Telegrams," Tedeastle." Telephone 975.

TIME IS MONEY

Secure the right time by purchasing P. DALTON'S Watches,. English Levers 20/- each. Waltham Levers 27/6. PRICES LOWER THAN ANY RETAIL SHOP IN ENGLAND. zen t :_29, tridge St, Warrington.

LZFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.-BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; If not approved Non Goods Returned, (WIRT AGEPAID. /lAN d-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL UNIFORMS, LIVHRIBS,ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire Lkiir,liT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. „. GRNT's FUR-LINEO and FROCK COATS. TMANTEACS, 'to., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. TRoLTSERS,SHIRTS,BLUCHERS,WELLIPIGTONS. on, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, 4MAN's, 326, 328, and 30, Deanggate, Mancnester. blished 50 Years. Telephone No 413

Liy ER POOL AND NORTH WALES. 14,,,,i.mA1LY SAT LONGS (Sundays included), From Prince's lit VIII Stage 10.45 a.m.. by LA MARGURRITH (Friday 4rl' ' d luu.1110) for LLABDUorici, BEAUMAILIS, BANGOR, 11,,'•IsNAI BRIDGE, due back 7.30 p.m. 4114-).1.4 Sallln' tr 2.15 p.m., Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays %Is ;.°TadaYs during August. ISLE OF ANGLESEY TRIPS, Wednesday September 2nd,also at 9.40 a.m. Sunday th;nrnber 6th. Holyhead Trips Thursday 27th at 9.15 a.m.,for apt:',',llono and Hciyhead, 'due back 8 p.m. For fares. Ac., verpool and North Wales Steamship Co., Ltd. T. G. 1)0117..c ' eeretarv, 40 Chapel Street, Liverpool. Guide, 3d. free. Through, bookings daily from Principal Stations.

TAR During the last balf-centur, everyone travelling in hot climes has made a point of carrying some DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HI.ORODYNE, coal to stop immediately an attack of D lARRHCEA, DYSENTERY OR CHOLERA. Hot weather In the British Isles strikes suddenly, and everyone should take a little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the Chlorodyne, but always keep it by you. Avoid disappointment and insist on having R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S HLORODYNE. IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM. Of all Chemists, is. lid., 2s. Dd. and 4s. Gd.

I/ " TT CORSETS i" PER PAIR. 3 PcBT FREE. RAMEY LLDY DESIRING- GRADE, EASE AND COMFORT SHOULD WEAR KINO CORSETS. Absolutely unbreakable. Made of best material with Spiral Fittings. Any eize to 30 inches. Grey or Black, Write tor list. W. if. KINSELLA & Co. 6, GROSVENOR BT., PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

IGfihREAL, doing £l2 weekly, could be doubled, S.F.S. nicely fitted ; good house, garden, and storc-sbed, back entrance rent, £32. 111-bealth cause of Bale ; £6O all at, including good ttock.—M e.e, 2 PITLARE 51PPLY STORES, West Croydon, Surrey. No agents.

ATESSRS. Old Market, & CO., 68, O Market, Bristol, 1.. Invite applications for par-Minters or the Milmving businesses —Manufamures's business £5OO, Milk Business at £450, £220 and £175, Furnished Restauants at £250 and £2OO, News and Tobacel £l3O and £7O etc.; dozens of others, all classes. State requirements. Particulars tree,

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUNANDF.4 Or LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the test known Remedy for Anamla Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart,Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities' and all Female Ailments. Boxes 91d.. Is. lid., 2s. 901.45. 6d. and 111. DR. DAVIS'3 FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss cf appetite and Liver Com• plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 3C9 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, BOITING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

"OLD BOYS" CIGARS, 2d. EACH. • FINEST BORNEO LEAP, SOLE PROPRIETORS :- T. SUDLOW & CO.,

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD • JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PRAMS" WAXER AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Plantes. soltable for ITedd!ne and Birthday Presents, School Prisee, e. Terms Mcderatei REPRODUCTIONS BY; HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and SCENE-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUOTIONI OF PICTUIMS IN RIIBIriATIONAL,4TATE AND OTHER GALLRLIIIS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

TEL. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in 'Warrington). TEL. No. 123. E. FORSHAW & SON ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS, MAKERS OF Mersey St., Warrington. IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently, save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Cunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c. Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing -up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

NOW ON SALE. THE WARRINGTON peeTBALL ANNUAL and SPORTS REeORD AN INVALUABLE PUBLICATION FOR ALL WARRINGTON Footballers Cricketers Runners Cyclists Swimmers Bowlers, etc. It contains the Wallington F.C. first team and "A:" team futures, Northern League fixtures, local scoring records and facts often asked about, cup-tie chronicles (Rugby and Association), swimming, running, bowling, and cycling records, the addresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football,!athletic, and sporting clubs, PORTRAITS of Alderman Tinnion J.P. (President of the Warrington Football Club), Evan Watkins (the Warrington threenuarter), F. H. 'Shugars ,(forward), and E. Brookes (half back), T. Ellison, G. Pall, and G. Ball jun. (prominent bowlers), and the Warrington Water Polo Team. The Warrington Football Annual & Sports Record WILL BE AN INDISPENSABLE. Encyclopaedia of Local Sport.

j)LADEPOOL.—NORTHMOUNr PRIVATE 110T-lii:, QUERNSGATg, PROMENADE, facing sea. Every comfort and thoroughly up-to-date. Trams direct from both stations. Five minutes frorn North Shore Golf Links (18 holes). Table-d'hi,te 6 p.m. Small tibler. Terms from 7.. per day. Telephone 611. —PROPIIIETRES4.

PORT ERIS.—BAY HOTEL, charmingly situated on the margin of bay. Tariff from 7. 63. per day inclusive.— EDWARD VG irdlaarsoir, Proprietor. AIIISHY HYDIO, I3LB OF MAN.—ldeal winter _ILL residence; eatensiee ground?, golf, billiarde ; brine and Other baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

LONDON, W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LIIDGA,TII HILL, AVSO AT 70 & 71, IiUSTON HE CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET, CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS 011 PLEASURE.

PEEBLES HOTEL HYDRO. THE MOST SUMPTUOUSLY APPOINTED ESTABLISHMENT OF ITS KIND IN GREAT BRITAIN. PURE Air, Lovely Situation, Excellent Cuisine, Eleetrio Ligbt, Paesenger Lift, Charming Grounds. GOLF, TENNIS, CROQUET, and BOWLING GREENS, GOOD FISHING. GOLF—IS-bole Golf Couree, Motor Cars cu Hire. Deily Excursions by Motor Char-a-Bare. All the Latest BATHS, ELECTRIC TREATMENT for Rheumatism, Gout, Sciatica, Obesity, de. Resident Medical Srrciellet. tend for Illustrated Tariff. A. H. THIRST, DinErron.

SOUTH FORT HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BE OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPNL-STREET. ESTIMATES OWE, CHOIR PARTIE9, PICNICS &C., TF.STI3fONIALS FROY ALMOST EVERT TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

BLACKPOOL.—Homely APAIITAIIikiTS, With or without board. Terms moderate. sear Central station and sea.—Miss POLTER, 73, Read's rd. D LAOKPOOL, S.S.—Pnblle and private APARTMENTS SoArd optional. Terms mcderate.—Mrs. TAYLOR, Easley Villa, 31, Alexandra rd., Promenade.

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPTON'S TEA. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD. Local Branch :—WARRINGTON, BRIDGE ST'

1, HE SUCCESS OF THE L EASON. PHOTOGRAPHIC ANNUAL, 1908. CONTAINING THE FIGURES, FACTS, AND FORMULA OF EVERY PHOTOGRAPHIC PROCESS. Condensed information on Developing, printing and toning methods. CARBON, SILVER AND PLATINUM PRINTING, AND A HOST OF OTHER PROCESSES. Clothbound and interleaved, 25., post free, 2s. 4d. Is. net, Is. 4d. post free. DAWBARN & WARD, LTD., 6, FARRING DON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C.

NEW WORKS IN ENGI AND. Results of the New Patents Act. Messrs. Leopold Farmer and Sons, surveyors and auctioneers, of Gresham-street, London, in a letter to the " Daily Chronicle," pointing out the beneficial results that have accrued through the new Patents Act, say : The foreigner affected by the Act bad to look to the future to protect his manufacture, with the result that the following important firms have acquired land and factories in England to carry on their business : 1. Elberfelder Farbenfabriken (represented by the Bayer Company, Limited) acquired 24 acres of land at Port Sunlight, Cheshire. 2. Iloschliefarwerke Company acquired seven acres of land at Ellesmere Port. Cheshire. 3. Gillette Razor Company, works, Leicester. 4. Sanatogen Food Company, land, Cornwall. -5. Pintsch Suction Gas Plant Company, works, London. 6. National Cash Register Company, works, London. "We feel certain, having gauged the feeling abroad of the effect the passing of the Patent and Designs Act is havirg on manufacturers, that the movement is only beginning, and there will he a big development of it, principally amongst German manufacturers'who are makers of numerous chemical products largely used in dyeing, etc. The American industry, being more in machinery, is not so much affected, but from the m:tch electrical, pottery, and other industries we may have lima opening up works in England."

SUMMER LANGUOR. is a sign that something is in your system villa should not be there. It May be only a minute particle of undigested food, yet it is a danger. Get it out. Chas. Forde's Bile Beans keep the blood cool and the stomach and liver free from .harm, from those poisonous particles which so rapidly ripen in the stomach. ' 0/ all chemzsts, rill and'. See yOU rel 3 eaflAS:::':* FaoA2l3,e, :04 I' `2' • 6 • iy.t

SPEC! Al.a VISIT TO WARRINGTON. NURSE ilauxmsuny- OF MORECAMBE. ' STYRGICAL BELT AND TRUSS MAKER, ' f;.> • ••••• Will be in attendance at GREGORY'S CAFE, 5 BUTTERMARKET, STREET ON WEDNES3AY, AUGUST 25, . •4., • NURSE DDXBURY'S skill for the treatment and cnre of Women's Cm- • plaints has been proved by thousands Ladies suffering from Abdominal Weakness of any kind should make an effort to come and consult NURSE DUXBURY at Gregory's Cafe, on Wednesday next. ADVICE FREE! ! Hours from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. Read the following TESTIMONIALS, taken from many. • TESTIMONIALS. Hamilton-street, Stalybridge. A lady from Hayfield writes : Dear Ncrse,—l am very thankful for the benefit I am thankful I came to you Nurse: the first day I have received from your treatment. I recom- I was fitted with Support T walked home from. mended two ladies to come to you for .treatment Glossop to Hayfield, which was a great thing for and I may say they are both well pleased. I mil me to do. I shall do all I can for you in recom- Only sorry I did not come before. My neighbours mending any friends who suffer as I did. cannot understand me looking so well, hut I tell them I have only Nurse Duzbury to thank. Another Lady writes : . _ I have been in the Manchester Hospital and A lady from Romily writes : Ashton-u-Lyne Inflimary, and was worse after my lam well plessed with the Support you made. I operations than before, but since coming to you I bays dispensed with my instrument and I never am a different person altogether. I am recotving thought I should have felt as well as I do, as you good benefit from my Support and I cannot thank ],nosy, Nurse, I have been a sufferer for so many you enough. 'Sears from inward weakness. Ruptures, and Women's Inward Weaknesses, cured without operation. PLEASE NOTE THE ADDRESS:— GREGORY'S eriFE, s,„Buttermarket Street, Warrington, ADVICE FREE in all cases.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Ble.od from ull impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all 1 SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicinp : WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES I, Of all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per Gottle. EEW/3E OF IMITATIONS,

QBILF-POLI3HING HARNBSS BLACKING, no labour, no 0 brushing, softens leather ; gallon 4s. 61 , large tin Is., carriage paid.—UnCom ELACKING CO.. E. 7, Higher Ormond it.. Manchester.

2/6 RISAL WHALEBONE CORSETS in either Black or Orey ; marvellous value ; send size of waist and PORT colour requirel to A. BARNETT. Nolmanton rd., FREE. Derby.

6 'Tali Best book I have ever read.' writes a married lady, I_ . and I wish I had seen it years ago.' The illustrated medical book sent post tree from A. BECKETT, 11 Gastien rd., Hammersmith.

STYLI9H SUIT LENGTHS from 101. to 24i.; splendid value ; latest deigns; buy direct from manufacturers and save 3) per cent.. patterns Free.—D. H. HOLMES & CO.. Holm firth, Huddersfield.

lAIMS' and Gents' left-off wearing apparel bought ; 1 Highest prices given. Call or send parcels, cash by return. Banker., L. &S. W.—Mrs. LY.wl.s, 894 Uxbridge rd. Shepherds Bush, W.

eIHARLICS CUNLIFFN'S DAN DBLION COFFSB cures V headache and biliousness, and does not overteat the system, Bd, per fib. post free.—Full postal address, CHARLES CUNLIFFE, Bacup, Lancs.

RVONSHIHR IU CRHAII FLAWS itS, Vanilla. Rasp- jF berry. and Strawberry Flavours, 6d. per lb. Free %indow Bills with first order. Carriage paid on 61b.- 11•1111AIVS, 26 BiWon el•., Wolverhampton.

EI.REWARD offered anyone proving • Boss' lantern aril' blow out in a gale. Good for farms, gardens, outhouses, acc. Is. 3d. eacb, 13e. per dozen, cartiage paid. —lloFrarnr & Co., 43 Great Tower et., B.C.

WONDERFUL Ladle' full size well made nightdresses, 2 chemises, 2 pairs of knickers, 2 long- cloth camesoles. all well trimmed and carriage paid, I.os. 61. —Mn. JoNFP, 65, South Esk rd., Forest Gate, B.

DRINK C1A.3113 treated in their own home by expert, 451 week, inclusive, including medicine. Telesphorus stops craving, is. 6th bottle, carriage pall—Address, Telesphorus, 36, Fitzroy square, London.

LONDON business address, very Central. For Interviews, callers or letters. Great convenience. Minimum expense. Commercial knowledge, character and references --all tirst-class.—G., 20, Bishopsgate st„ Without. B.C.

JIOBSET LaVBINDER WATES ft (from the beautiful Corfe 1 Hills, facing the sea), recalling the exquisite perfume of a hundred years ago. Dainty sample bottle, Is. pun free.— ItivERS HILL I/ CO.,LTD., Lavender Fartv,Broa dstone, Dorset

HAIROX.—The great hair grower, quickly rectifies thin- nest, baldness, and greyness of the hair. Try It, results will astonish you, every user delighted. In &sales, 2s. 9d. and 4s 64 from the HAIROX LAI3JRATJRIES,36. Harold it,, Bolton.

3 / REAL GOLD Brooches, any initial, set real pearls. / - 53. gent's IE-ct. rolled gold Albert.; 3s. 6d. handsome rolled gold expanding Bracelets ; 3.. 6d. 9-ct. gent's gold Signet Elngs,send sIze.—AGENT, 334, Barking id., klaistow, London.

RUBBER GOODi and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances half usual prices ; valuable infor- mation and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples Is., or ten assorted 2e. 6d. (worth 51.)—W. E. DORSAN Co., Manufacturers, Robson rd., West Norwood, London.

Al ILK-FED BACON.—Delie'ous for breakfast. Lean, 11i mild, smoked sides (about 41.€1be.) 7d. lb. Smoked boneless flitches (about 141b5.) 81.1 b. Pale dried same prlees. Either carriage paid anywhere. C tsh with order.-31. Woommusr, Dairy Farming Co., Eorthfield, Worcs.

RBAL English, 18-carat gold nuea, rolled gold gent's double Alberts ; warranted 15 years ; shopkeepers sell at 17s. Ed.; we are offering them at 128. Ed. only; any pattern. e Ingle ditto, 10s. fid. Money returned if not tatiofled.— T. Blioww, 43. Church rd ,Boyltske, Birkenhead. Ettab. 1853.

DEATH AND DISEASH DAIInED BY DU3l.—The Ideal Duster removes dust from all unreachable places ; no climbing, no accidents ; 2s. 6d. complete, in two sections each 5 feet, giving 10 feet reach besides your own.-1/. M. ALEICA3DER& C0.,2,13upe ellambere,Leather lane, Liverpool.

INOON:1E3 INCREASED by • Equitable Speculation.' SiMple, Straightforward, and genuine. Honest dealings and remunerative returns bays been the means of our con- tinued success. Particulars free —WErrwetcrit, COUTTS, & CO., Featherstone Buildings, High tto;born, London. W.C.

£5 RBWARD.—Yor beet descripticrt of .• Lovely lady Lotion." Removes all blemishes and imparts to the akin a perfect bloom like a pe.icb. Face powder unnecessary. Used by beauty specialist and society ladles. Large trial bottle is. 6d. Send to-day. Use it and write us Tour cpinion. J. T. HENRY ri CO., Cosmetic Manufacturers, 6 and 6a, Bruanel at., Liverpool.

DHOWS PROSE LIM Model Studies, Stereo!, Beauties, eto., IDO small photos and two large ones ls. P.O. or stamps. S. RBORIAGRL NACHF, MUNICH (GBRMANI)•

EASOZIABL R ADVICE for season's Fasidoas. Write for 1.7 patterns of Solent Serges and Dress Fabric?. Orders by pcst a specislity,—tOLElST WOOLLEN Co., Dress Specialiste, Sontha..npton.

FIRST-CLASS BOOK (oil debit) for disposal in an old established Assurance Office, in Warrington ; unusual opportunity for one wishing to enter the Businese.—Address , Box A. 0.. " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

TO INTRODUCE OUR GOODS we send you doz. each first quality tea and dessert spoons and forks, two table spoons, and one bread knife (alone worth the money) for P.O. 3s 6d., carriage paid, only a small quantity left.— FiEJIRY & Cc., 118, lborold rd , Ilford. ttssex.

CHINA, HARTHI3I6 WAIL% SECONDS, every description Bazaars, ibp, market ; cheap lets. See beginner's crate, free tease: ; tremendous variety. Also Hawker'. large bulk crates. about 1,03) articles, 3s. '6d. Cheapest In trade. Lists free.—Agraus J. kita,L, Normac3t Works, Longton, Staffs.

IV YDENE SOHO:it, Headley, Hants., is 50)ft. abave sea level ; low terms CO good families in reducsd Cirelal- atances ; boys and girls. pets allowed, goats kept, out-ioor studies.

OitTHIN4.—S'TE2NIS SJHUOL FOR BOYS and V Steyue High School for Girls ; separate establish- ments ; thortughly modern education for Boarding and Daily Pupils ; moderate fees : physical culture a speciality; Cricket, Football. Hockey, Tennis, Rifle-shooting and Swim- ming ;Cadet Corps and Carpenters' tihop.-Apply PRINCIPALS.

BRIDGE HOUSE, ANDBACII. HO3lll SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Two Vacaneles for September. Tiaoroogh eincation. Libtral table. Excellent refs.—For plospectus. Apply PRINCIPAL. SQIJUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-citss eduction. Staff Includes 8.A., B.Sc., F.C.N., Mos. Bac., &c. Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company, and Rills Range. Foreign boys received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER.

CiLkRENDON HOUSE z(11-1001,, Southport k_./ 311 us HOGB AN, Scholarship, Classical Honours, Girtdn College, Cambridge, and M.A., T.C.D. Distinguished Rest- dens Staff. Visiting Professors. Great successes University, Musical, and Art llxamtnations. Splendid health record. Sea view!. Lsrge playing field. Riding,rowing, swimming, tennis. lnclusive fees. 69 guineas per annum. Prospectas.

As I. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music, Organist and Choirmaster of EL Paul's Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL Ecivii. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for practiee.—For turns :appiy 134, LOVELY LANE and LEGE BT., Warrington.

WARRINGTON GRAM AAR ECEIOOL.—The eurHeulum is so arranged as to prepare for entrance for University Scholarships, and the Professions, due regard being attached to those subjects which are of commercial importance. NEXT TERM Butt as ON THURSDAY. SEPT. 17ra. For further information, prospectus, tte , apply to the Headwater, the Rev. H. Gray, M.A.. VERB B. DAVIH3, Law Clerk to the Governors.

QTOCETON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON k..) HEATH, WARRINGTO N (3 minutes from Car Terminus . DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Stan and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. PROSPRCTUS, References and Views on application to MISS PARTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

ON S&LS, stylish TURNOUT, suit Doctor; Brown Cob, 14 hinds, 5 years old, sounl, cilia to ride or drive. and fast ; very light Ball' Car, and Brass Harness ; also Cob, 9 years old. Trap and Harness for same ; cheap ; owner giving up. —l{lnsous. Butcher, 114, Folds-road, Bolton.

A GENTS WANTED in every town for a new line, 50 per ti cent. profit. Samples 1. 6d. It not satisfied money returned.—THE CARLTON INCANDECENT tZiOVELTT Co., 5, Carlton HIP, Leeds.

RIDECR A.0.8L1T3. to ride, exhibit sample cycle, and tak orders ; large profits made without interfering ordinary employment. —Write :particulare,MEaD ,DITLE CO., Agency Dept., 558 K, Liverpool.

or NIT AlNeEttreetdce7 gpoeot!in competent ploughmanTN AMidaAntfi a(bati ea (married) edni)i milk if reqnired ; good wages.—Apply JOHN MalErmat, Newton, Frank by, Cheshire.

Nu ANTED a HOUSeI, detached preferred, within six V miles of Arpiey Station, with two entertaining room., four or five bedrooms, Fre., with fair size lawn ; rent about VS.—Address I. F., " laxaminer Office, Warrington.

CANADA.—NOW IS THE TIME TO EAILURATE. Smooth voyage. Warm welcome. Good wager. Strong demand for Farm Hands, Domestic Servant!, and Men for railway construction.—lnformation and advice gladly given by LEONARD BENNETT, 8, Ring street, Warrington.

REBPRCTABLB pushing YOUNG MAN Wanted, to sell specialities in drapery line direct from the loom. The right man can make a good income (as cthers are doing), and be his own master. Ready money trade. No risks.— Address, ALFRED DucKwoma,Smithy Bridge, near Rochdale.

14•LECTRICITY WORKS PUPIL Required, to mai engineer and gain practical experience in all duties applicant to be well educated and have (preferably) worked In engineering thops ; small premium required, part, returned In salary.—Address, by letter, DUMFRIES ELECTRICITY WoERS, Dumfries, N.B.

TOIL CXURB I WHIMS I I HIITAOKIHIS !I I Beat 11 possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles—Jamas TOOL AND BONS LTD., Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

WANTED, in September.—MANAGßE and WIFE (with- out encumbrance) for large Pavillon and Recreation Ground at Warrington, to live on the premises. One and Coal provided free. !dust be capable of looking after Bowl- ing Greens, Cricket and Football Grounds : also Billiards Refreshments, etc state experience, together with refer- ences, also salary requirert—Repties by the 26th August to Box C.A., "Examiner Office," Warrington.

r ONLY UNDER WILLS or DEllDS.—Persons entitled 11l to Cash or Property at death of other aor to Life Incomes can Borrow at Bank Hate, or Sell. Advice free.— Messrs. EIcVITTIE, 31, Moorfields, Liverpool.

rONEY LENT DAILY, ,E 5 ra £l,OOO .111_ LOAN £5 REPAY£S 12 6 £2O REPAY £22 10 LOAN £lO REPAY £ll 5 I £3J REPAY £33 15 W. JAOKSON, 36 CIIOSFIELD RT.. WARRINGTON.

TO £5,000 LENT DAILY oLie) Lowßsr INTSRIiST IN ENGL AND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 loan, Reptv 10;. weekly £lO „ „ 4s. „ £3) „ „ 1)11. „ £l5 „ „ 6s. „ „ „ 275. ~ £2O „ „ Is. „ £lOO „ „ 353. „ No Sureties, no Delay, n 3 Publicity. Rjeoial attentioa ; applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, Baufirsvnox ST., OXFORD RD., KANCIIH3TERI; and at 87, VICTORIA RD,, NORTRWICR, 65 EDLI33TON RD. (corner of Csmna St.), CREWE, 8, TRRNTRAII ST., RUNCORN.

PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS 2, THYNNII STRBRT. WARRINGTON. CAsa ADVANCED PRIVATELY on day of application at a lower rate of interest and repayment than any other Milks In town, and at the following easy repayments : £5 Loin 15.6 d. Weekly I £2O Loan—. ss. Od. Weekly £lO Loan—, 3o. Oct. Weekly I £5O LO3O 13s. 6d. Weekly THIS IS CHINUINN. Larger sums in same proportion. Other terms can be mutually arranged. Special terms to farmers and shop keepers. Distance no oject. Apply in conftlence personally, or by letter, to the Actual Lender. J. LORD, 2, THYNN6I STOMP, off Parker street (near Bank Quay Station), WARRINGTON.

210 to £5,000 ADVANCED by PRIVATE LENDER ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTES. No Bills of Sale taken, and absolute privacy guaranteed. First letter of application receives prompt attention, and Intending borrowers are waited upon by a representative who is empowered to complete transaction on terms mutu- ally arranged, NO CHARGE BRING MADE UNLESS BUSINESS ACTUALLY COM PLE rsu.E Special quotations for Short Loans. Write In confidence to— MN, T. POLLIT T. 30, OLDHAM ROAD, MANCEMTBR.

L.. 3 TO AN Y PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CREDIT t0.,000 can have money on note of hand only ON TERMS at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan without the usual loan office COMPETITION. routine and without fees. Our Motto is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Lolns can be paid as follows or otherwise. £3 loan Is. weekly £lO loan 21. 63. weekly £5 „ Is. 6d. ~ £2O „ be. £7 „ 21. £5O , 12i. 6d. The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and increased. Call or write MAURICE t Co., Mrss C. COTTRIGLL (MLNAGERINEO, 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVAOY GUARANTEED.

WIDNES. .210, £2O, .£3O, £5O, £lOO. A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. Cie .householders, on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDIOIB, ROOT Cl THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. &.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWHATR STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE PAR TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BB SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. 1 AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTECTZON IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. ! In urgent cases a Representative will call personally upon I applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. ! My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled,

IXT 100 WS. and others having inoime of 9,30 to MOO from V V investments in Shares, mortgage, loans or houteamay get all, or a goo' portion of tax returned ; also Formers pay- ing under ESDO rent, advice free, percentage charged on results only.—H. PLINT, Collingharsa, Leeds.

Zig Oraininer *trfes THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwick. Padgate, Lymm, &a., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in booth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. rimin RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. riltui WIDNES EXAMINER, published every tiatnrday 1_ morning. Widnes contain', the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE BLIILRSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, .1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton &a. The district thus co nprlaed Is a:most Important part of the Lancashire coal fields, THE ST. HELENS EXAMitstatt, published every Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr. Sutton, Peasley 0,035, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pREPAID A DYERTIBESIENT3 APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES IrCUED. MISCELLANEOUS SALE 0 15 Three Eli Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Os. 63. Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3s, 93. 27 ... Os. 83. .. Is. 103. 3e. 03, ... 55. 03 36 ... Is. 03. ... 2s. 6d. ... Is. Od. ... 65. 03. 45 ... Is. 33. ... 3s. ld. 55. 03. ... 7s. Ocl. 54 ... Is. 63. ... 31. Bd. ... 6s, 03. ICs. 03.

THE EXAMINER. AUGUST 22ad, 1908.

MIL calare y.„,hecr, MIAY

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has eon kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SION TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most dericaite skim la many caws of very long standing it has quichiy cared, even when doctors have despaired. Frac for I4stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

, , CRICKET. _ FRIENDLY MATCHES. HIGH LEHis v. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.—At High Legh on Saturday. Scores :- 1 -- HIGH LEGIL SANKEY WIRE MILLS. 1 WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. Viscount Ikerrin b Cook 5 Brough b Ikerrin W Comes c Cook b H Hawthorn c Earle b FINAL TABLE. Woodcock FIRST DIVISION'. 0 Davies b Woodcock ... 9 W Hawthorn b Simp- C Surridge b Cook The West Lancashire League stands as follows :—.T.,, 2 son 4 P. W. L. D. l'"' H Sim') 1 Simpson Earlestown St. Helens Recs. Campbell b Woodcock ... 4 Miles b Ikerrin Prescot Warrington Newton St. Helens l2 ... 3 ... R A Simpson b Cook ... 1 son - Woodcock c Tunstall b Stanley 4 Simpson WARRINGTON V. STANT. EY.—These teams met at Tunstall 0 Miles b Hewitt b Simpson 6 Arpley on Saturday. Scores : Woodcock 2 Cook c S Cornea b I WARRINGTON. STANLEY. Bailey (not out)... ...... 0 W Richardson o Denton R Gleig b Creswell ... 10 Extras b Gratton 7 .1 A Gratton c Cress- J Callon b Howarth 2l well b H Callon 6 Total 47 Total 59 T Wright c. Hoyle 1) E Hoyle b Podmore ... 11 , Gratton 4 F T Parry c Thompson I ARLEY V. GRAPPENHALL 2ND.—This match was played WI! Podmore c Greene!' b H Callon b Parry - I ARLEY. ORA PPENIIALL. B Silcock not out S Partridge c Andrews b A H Scroggle c and b !Dr Love c Gifford bSlack 22 J Mottram b J Smith 10 Hoyle J Thompson not out 2 R H Denton c Thomp- 1 H Smith b Peters 9 R Gifford c H Smith b son b H Callon 4 Hllart b Gifford R Lightfoot at Duck- i J Hughes b Slack 0 E Bankes b J Smith ... 6 worth b H Callon... 7 Rev H 0 Thompson b R Slack b H Smith ... 3 1 II Andrews b Cresswell 0 I Slack 0 A Lowe b II Smith ... 0 i Howarth b Cresswell... 3 F Coppack b Gifford G Greenall not out ... 0 G Johnson b Slack Extras ll P Gorman not out 4 F Smith b H Smith ... 0 P Smith c Lowe b Slack 0 M Callender b H Smith 0 Total BO I Extras

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 14 YEARS! 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. October Bth, 1926. Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you of the great benefit I that have received from your Gout and Manmade Pills. I have been a great sufferer from Rheumatism for 14 years, and had taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I have recommended your pills to all I have come into contact with, and shall always speak very highly of them. I am NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN THE HOUSE. You can make what use you like of this state- ment, which is strictly true. Yours respectfully, TIIOINIAS RATHBONE, EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle Is. Lid. and 2s. Dd, or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the prop rietor, GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell road London EADE'S GOUT & R 3

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED!! H.M.S. Leander, Davenport, November 30th, 1907. Dear Sin—During the past six months we have had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and whilst hoisting in and out ocean togs, copper punts and other small crafts, I contracted several chills one after the other, which finally settled in my legs and and feet, causing them to swell ; and to make matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. I was placed on the sick list and given the usual naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing your advertisement, I determined to try your famous Gout Pills, and after taking a few doses they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared and my legs are as strong as ever again. Yours Respectfullty, G. SWACKENHAMME O.G. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all juripus matter, and are highly restorative. old everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Porprietor, GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell road London. LEUMATIC PILLS.

C a l be' N.l 0 C .lit I a2I : 1 .aV)42.N•3C N . . . 6 91 '. .2e ' . ..ACr.\2C'•... ii )4 r N a C . . • • . .V) on the subject of Health aire the only acceptable pronouncements. 2TRUTHS Exaggerated statements end by convincing no one—rather do they A create suspicion, and gi v e rise to doubt. But you may safely listen 1 to universal opinion. The public have for long known the value of t Beecham's Pills In cases of disorder and irregularity of the Stomach, zßowels, Liver, and Kidneys. Thousands of men and women know 6 from glad experience, that an occasional dose of Beecham's Pills will promote the healthy action of these organs, and that all the 2 good things heard on every hand ....,„,,- this medicine, are true in the strictest sense. Most people desire a l specific that can be depended upon at all times to correct the vital 2 functions when they are out of order and Nature calls for some assistance. Such a preparation may be found in BEECHAM'S PILLS. They will put you right and keep you up to the mark. They have zproved an immense boon to many thousands of men and women all over the world. It is just as certain that they will benefit you— and this Is a plain truth you may accept and act upon in regard to i -i; •ii'''' ..,*.: t .- ~ "7 IF ~.is- :r4 1... c 4 • i...............„........._...... i Sold everywhere irt boxes, price 1111(56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). C"...ae•l C..94"*"...9 C".... C•.aqr•a Ce.at-Na C...io'rN3) C`,..S\ 28

SOLD EVERYWIIERD, at 2/0, 4/d, and 11/- oYribriat e, LUNG TONIC Fon COUGHS, COLDS. BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, tete

HO'MALT EID MILKS 4. at.A.:... (IN POWDER FORM!. ''',) 4 THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. -I°4 In ve, 2/6 and 111. Bottles. (SLOUGH, BUCKS.) Nourishes—Sullds up—Strengthens. Points for Talllog_ . . \,,, facii!ile . . ,N,.•.,* Dun. ... -----------<-::---_.,,,1:,,,•\ • —Y i - ~.. --- . -tT ,-7._;" 7.---- 'esl 4' The 1(-. -------ti if) 1.-_-_-----=------...-_-„-::::,. ..t,..,4. ~/ k licßovir el ri n tin :for cytin,ler A • S W

-- THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION Thissuccessful po• polar remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord. R ostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for im pu city of blood,spots,blotches,pain & swellin goijoints, kidney,bladder 8c urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, p ' iles gravel, pains in back, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according. to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars M. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co,Haver- stock Road, Hatup stead, London,e, principal Chemists.

displating the " ro:rtina.straiithtlioruard " he ,a a: d ' ‘ bothersome supporting stand. '. Ordinary. phonograph: are now tld- 1 ' fashioned. Let . send you descrip- tive lotet about the '•C ro A n.. "111„.n .. ask to hear it at your deiler's. Oitiki ~. COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH liee ' COMPANY, Gen'l., Dept. so. 0 ... . 04 & 66, Oxfo-d S tree, london,W. ; De 11,., 1 Vt, N %1 + •re. IV_.-....1---,.. ' _- -_ _. 7-177-7 —_ -•,..--- ___— , . ,- -- • '• . - araultiess ...., , --- - - . -•-•• fin i 5 h to an ---- ,-.•- Eve ni ng Stroll ,- r.t.:- .is a c ctp of .. . . . .. .., • e , . . .._:, S>rrls.l It OA 6 . Eci iti burgh , ••• • .-1. Coffee Eseence: _ . Cheap, Pa re & Str--0.- ng • , • -

7 SUGAR TAX N EISGOMEZIIITtek IN consequence of the reduction, we have restored our packets of BUTTER-SCOTCH to the size they were before the Tax was imposed, namely: 15 Tablets In the Gri. Packets. 7 it ~ 3d. The Confectioners are now supplied. ,CALLARD & BOWS ER.,
