===== 0002601_19080125_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19080125_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
'BOLD QT.417.6*T TATTI.,QT,R.V nuTTßriq Tp.mr-H,Rnrr. (grvenkr‘ T AvTT !RN' ."3:1,H, +903. Mn-'i' v. :TnT-Tv HTTKroIIT,T,. Ro.ninv R. RAO. THrukTkq MTT,T,TAR. Afl welnomP. Hymn Tlooki prnvideri. DEWPFY ROAD WICSITYS AN CHURCH . TO-41014n0w (SUNDAY) 7ANIT4RY 9RTV. 1q(18. IlTnrringlP3n. ItAR, ARTHTTR MniTTirPTRLD. EVerlincf 5."40. Hap. Tx,TT,T,TANT Al! welcome. Hymn Prinks nrovlrierl.

nA PTI ST nRIT Rn TT, LATORPoIin TO-MORRnw (STINDAY) JAvTLARP 19th, 1908. Morning Mr% Rev. X. R. TlTTpulya. wening g. comcrourfinvt JAMBS BALL. OPPRRTO Wry. Service, Ther•dev next. et R n'olonk. BAPTIST CTITTR(III onLBORN qTRPIET. To-MORIV)w, (IrNIWY), JANUARY 26TH. FAMMR Re-. R. v• 1.,17.411R8N, (Pastor wPlect.) Morning 1^.45. Bveninc Hearty Servie... VT:vnin Books provided. Come t

WA RBI NO To N .TBNIOR LIBERAL ASsOCIATION. MRETING, mnvn‘v Aivxr, YANUARY 27rEr. TV awannwrc fICSR, BryTTRRMARW.w* QTRIMIT, Al' 7.15. Arirwtic.,,By MP V. RNr4LANT). A nioht, with the I..nw n 1 the Lawveri." pOPrILA Ci)•7C7RT, BnLD ST. srmont,Rooq To_vra--r, NATußnay, tr, 7 VI. AR,T9TE4 • rerivERV,VV, 'l4 An Am ORM:4I'T AN. M • SRPArm, oyvi P. A. PoßriasoN. CONORRTMA QUATITRTTR PARTy. 1.1•••InRIRT I 11r. PR AR3O N. ACC,NrPi.rtsm ; Ti. PnRMAK. Aniwyggrniq. cram preavv. GAT,Lomp moonr.Nrw.

CAIRO STRER'r qpr, WARRINGTON Alrem CARMOI44, TB-MORROW (SUNDAY), 7 ANUARY 25TH, 10.45 AND e. 30. PRirAciun : REV. 7. OnT,IN-ODGERR, 8.A., op T,TVP•ApooT.. ALL SPATS FRER. THE CONGRWIATTnicr AL 'T'A PARTY wtit. DE HELD Oi MnwiDAY, JANUARY 27th, on Tthlas RI. V.3(1 r art ...or

WORKINOMFMS MISSION, RANK (rJA.Y. A SPECIAL fiERVIOR will he he'd in the Off %PIM to-morrow (SDNDAY) afternoon at 2.30, for the purpose of introduring the new Hymn Books (Garret Horder's "Worship Fong ") about to he adopted for uge in the Miasion. ALDERMAN A.. BENNRTT will preside, SELECTIONS nom TRY NEW Hvtais Pong will he given .by an augmented Choir. Mr. T. WORTHINGTON:. of Wigan, will occupy the Pulpit at the morning and evening Servicen, (Morning 11 evening 8.) Collectinn at each S•-vice towarria new Hymn Book Fund. ALL WRT,DOMR. HYMN 1300 ER PROVIDED.

PARR HALT, W A RRINGTo Vq,—A GRAND UVRNING CONORRT IN SAID or THIS WARRINGTON INFIRMARY (UNDRR DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE). WILL Br GIVEN BY MRS. W. B. ROBERTS'S LADIES ORCHESTRA, ikMR NRLLIR ANDRRTON, CONTRALTO, MRS. C. GARTON STONE, SOPRANO, MR. VICTOR ROBERTS, AND OTHERS. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22ND, 1908. Doors open 7, commence 7.30, Ticket-holders 6.45 p.m. TICKETS can he obtained from Mr. R. H. PRARRON, Bridge se., the Officers and Men of the Rt. John Ambulance Corps ;and from Members of the Orchestra.

PRBLINITNARY ANNOUNOBIHNT.

GREAT MEETING IN FAVOUR OF

LOCAL OPTION.

PARR HALL. WEDNBEIDAY FEBRUARY 19ra.

SPEAKERS 1-

T. H. SLOANH, M.P. (13strAsT). JOHN WARP, N.P. (HANLET). CAPTAIN' RICHARD RIGG, M.A., DL., J.P. RIM CANON HICKS, M.A. (Ms.licitEsTEß) AND ()THEM.

CtiAIRMAN : JA.11133 DODOS. PAN -ANGLICAN CONGRES.

PUBLIC nIBETING IN PARR HALL. THUR%II9.Y, FEBRUARY 6D. 1903. CHAIRMAN : TEM REV. CANON wILLIQ. BPUICERS : It. T. PC)WELL, 14.3 q ,H. J. wRSTFIROO ESQ. Supeowrco BY THE REI74. CANON PIINRHYN, CANON STBVENSON. B. C.V. CARLRTON, AND TEIE LockL OLtßor. Limelight. Ilinstrations_or the Societies' Work will be

described by the REV. Vir. C. BRA.DLEY, Animator( FRRE. Reserved Seats, Floor and Centre Gallery, L. Doors Open at 7.30 p.m. Commenclng promptly at 8 o'clock.

- WARRI^;GTON EQUITABLT INDUSTRIAL CO-OPERATIVB SOCIIITY LIMITHO.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
IMUCA.TIO N COMMITTIM

UNDER TEE AUSPICES OF TEE ABOVE COMMITTEE

.4 GRAND MISCELLANEOUS CONOERT, 'W" BE GIVEN IN THE PARISH ROOM, LATCHFORD,

ON THURSDAY NEXT, JANUARY 30TH, 1903, Bz

THR CO-OPHRATIVR NIALR VOICH CHOIR.

SOLOISTS :

MR. WILLIAM KILDUFF.

ELOCUTIONIST AND TENOR VOCALIRT :

MISS A. KILDUFF, A.L.D.M•

SOLO PIANO AND MEZZO SOPRANO. CHAIR V) 13R TARN AT 7.45 P.H•

ADMISSION FREH. NO OHILDRRN ADMIT MO.

WARNINGTON GARDEN SURURES, LIMITED. AN EXHIBITION of tho Plans for laying out the Company's estates will be held at the Old Academy, Bridge Foot, from Monday next, the 27th inst., until the end of the week. The Exhitllion will be opened at 3 p.m.. on Monday, and at 2 p.m. the following days, and will close at half-past nine each night oxcept Tuesday, when it will close at 6. All who are interested are cordially invited. Full particulars as to the Company's proposals may he obtained at the Exhibition, or from the Secretary, ARTHUR EMMETT, Chartered Accountant, at the Registered Office, Mo.rk.t rigt. Chnmhore. Warrinsann. COUNTY BOHOUoII OF WARRINOTON.— NDUCATION COMMITTBR. BOLTON COUNCIL S 0400!, LATCHFORD. SCHOOL-KHIiFER'3. Aooliesttinni are Invited for the post of SCHOOL.

KBEPRR of the above named echool.

Candidates must be not more than 45 years of age; the salary will be at the rate of £73 per annum with hOuse and fuel. Candidates must, before applying, read the conditions of aPoointment and the dutlea to be portormed, which, together with all particulars, can be obtained from the undersigned, to whom aonliections must be sent by not later thus the 31st January, 19013. Canvassing, either by the candidates or their friends, will bee diecinalitießtlon. Bduention Office, J.,11001113 MURRAY. M.S. Sankey et., Warrington. Secietary and Director. 14th Janunry,l9oB.

()OUNT BOROUGH OF wAR RT NGTON.— EDUCATION COMMITTEE' MEAD MISTRESS. EPLICBI lONS ARE INVITED for the post of HEAD- IBTRItsS of the SANKEY BRIDGES (INFANTS') ,unNotr, SCHOOL. Applicants must he College-trained. The commencing salary will be at the rate of £lO5 pee annum, rising according to ewe, , Annlicsi ions most be made on the official form, which, rgether with a ropy of the scale of salaries, may he obtained roll the undersigned, and must be returned to him by not ,ater than the 31st January, 1903. Education offi3e, J. MOORR MURRAY, M.Sc., Sankey-street, Warrinkton. Secretary and Director. January, 1908. CON TR ACT P —RROIMPNTAL INSTITUTE ORFORD BARRAOHP, WARRINGTON. te_nders . The COMMITTER of the shove is mewed to receive for the sunny of the following Articles for a period months commencing the let February 1908.—BEER, ~,e4ERALS. GROCERIES, PROVISIONS, MILK, Sm.. "nUIT end VEGETABLES, BREAD, FLOUR and SMSDRIRS. A lICIAL TEND ti on tn the President ER FORM can be obtained on appIica- ,EZALED TENDERS to be delfverrd by 12 noon, the snstitnte " t•, addressed to the " President of the Regimental ISUPPIies." and marked on the envelope "Tender for Canteen INerrington, (I, H. HOWARD-VYSII. Capt. 9th January, 1908. President Regimental Institute.

POSTER PRINTING Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls.

AT THE CHEAPEST RATES ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed f.. 9•12 ?late or type. PROSPECTUSES & BALANCE SHEETS. PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE—A speciality

JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

-LIMNOS AT UHALMIlitti, LIVSRPOOL.—ArrivaI or • new magnificent upright Iron grands. sold at swell warehouses at £3O cash. CitIALAIIIRS' ("SASH pRICEI £l5 N.) • At Chalrbert, buyers with £8 to £8 to pay down se2ure these lovely toned gran& at Clash Price See you are at Chalmers. as mistakes have occurred to the great ion and disappointment of buyers.

CH A EVIERS, 63, GREAT GEORGE STALIVERPOOL

Ilammum

2/- BOOTS & SI-I(YES 21- PAIR. LADIFA OR GPNTS Plat PAIR irOR A POSTAL ORDER VALUE 2:=. and a little IL assistance as directed in pushing the sale Ilnd advertising our' EMPIRE FOOTWEAR,' we will send you without any further charge a pair of high-class Boots which you could not purchase in the ordinary way of trade for less than 13/. hfs is an advertising offer and cannot be long continued. We watt you to show our boots to our friends. We want every purr baser to become an Pove 11. er. We ask you to help us in this. thow the biotr, say what you paid for them. They cost you 2/- and no more. send now. There 11 nothing more to pay, state slz and whether broad, narrow or medium toes are required. If you do not know the else of your toots, send a piece of string showing the length. WARRINGTON, HOLLAND &

235, HIGWEOLBORN. LONDOF. W.C.

LCianropi 6e:l:radsa laeliadai nd free. f rde Curtain & Roller„ Blinds made free. Special Discount off Linens, Bcc. All purchases over 40s. delivered FREE to any Railway Station in Great Britain.

CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES INVOICES, TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, INVOICES RULED TPATOTERN. PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS: BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. CATALOGUES for Public and Private Libraries

JOHN WALKER AND CO. BEWSET.' STREET. WARRINGTON

Vartnersbiw=. tugme4grs.

Do you WANT TO raBLL your Business ?--Tf so,oonsult Mr. COWDELL, Rosiness Agent. Leen at., Warrington,

()N NALR, CHIP SHOP, swell-fitted, cheap tn immediate purcharer.—Apply, Mows.) HOWARD. 6. Caroline st., Wigan

BUSirillis WA ?Mit) (for man with ernall incom.t) price EV to particulars OnWDELL, Business Agent, 31, L•gh et., Warrington.

CIOLWYN EAY.—Fine MILK BENNE iS Retailing 50 A Gallons Daily In Winter ; 100 In summer. Everything £l9s.—Comcg Bum, Hope it., Liverpool.

mILK BITSINNSR.-04pItal little plane, Cheshire ; low rent ; retailing 215 Gallons weekly ; good turnout ; everything £l6s.—CoogY flans., gone st., 11,;ver0001.

QTATIONBRY, Paper Bag., Printing disposal ; Lease 14 L. 7 years ; large premise., rent £5O ; Lonelnn connection ; good opening beginner ; 2 Crnipers, 3 Cylinders, type.—B. BLLIOTT, 161, Camberwell rd.. 8.8.

fßotor ear, ever% (sarriacreo, etc

HPONSE WAGGON and HANNFISS on Sale, together or separate, eIev.—ISAAC HOUGHTON, Diann Junction near Whines.

tsonOeg anti t anti on bale.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
qlOttrattnn.

MALVIRI.I. ORCHARD Lona.% AND weir mum SCHOOL FOIE r4TRL9.—PAeIng the hills, wmplete education et moderate rem—Principal, Mn. °MINER.

fHtbfral

r.rnedy, ie. P.o.—Taaaaar, 61 Sheaf fl.relan•. RhPfh."

QT. Virrtl9 DA.NCR anw.d in a few weeks.—rarticulare. 1.7 M. B•RTn.. Raelan, Mon.

fI&TI4 OUllti for Pheumatl•m, 11-out and Lumbago, la. lid. free. —A fv.nt, SMITH. Chemist. Durh‘m.

eIIgiLRLATR,9 Veremot. curod, 14,14 6d. P.O. for c,)re —P•uer, 6, Mealtwuse Prow, Stocknort.

ppwit TcLwi BA BL.R4.o.ol7dßgitifeovr teArrstabo.m. ar;‘, 16h .enitit.mr,ooA. idonci.e

NBuRALGI cured by taking our Neuroticla Mixture, 21. a bottlo. °oat free.—ATKINP, ()hernial-, cialleAuro.

Q PLR ADI T) recipe for miring Rheum &Um write enelogiag ri n,F M PT. 89. umi onort rd., Woodside, etirrev.

(1012N8 rIONIPIXTRLY 017R1411.-Btmole reaiNiv. Send 1..--'HANDY 11E1,61E11v Co.,' 13 Frankfort at • Plymouth.

Kt IDNBY COMPLAINT. Send Id. aamp for qemple box of pills ; grand rernedy.—J. C. Hum 387, Berridge rd., Not timeworn.

FCZIIMiI, Plies, Troll, Bad Legs, Resipe cure. Is. atnped add reimed envelope.—FAßMEß. Hal rd rester , Rilderminster.

IDILBR. moot stutoborn oases cured by Funnel!' Pill. • conshint testimonial". Boxes Is. lid., 2s. Si. post: free.—PEoPiarroßp, 47, Princes it., Icswich.

TO EIDDAH is complete without a box of Dr. Harden's 11 HPR ith Pius, for Sick-headache, Indigestion , Palpitation, Constipetion, Wind, Dizzlnese, etc., sample tree.— PROPRIETORS. 2, Dowsett rd.. Tottenham.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
iflartgrorr. dr.

(17 SA LP, National G a BNigtriilt. 4 N.H.P. (rnba) k / Condition; can be o.ort wwking ; gas bag, tank two fly wb.ele, etc. I a bargain Otte" invited, price 225. —Apply. 8. KENdiNG TON AD., SonthpOrt.

p&TuritT ovirzaw. AVURBSTEITI, lOTA/MYSTIC, IT UM. Vous,. GIiIORGA DAVTE9 & SOT/ bor.. hai lam. Wan II voors' personal ix once in lonneetton wctti ttele Estobqih- cnont.tintip-mogooroo•logliconwto4o. o• notton,wileo ftn4 Iron rriminfootaroi.

"Self-help to the at.... Patent Law.' vicreEkl. "Colonial aryl Fo.afor, tAW. " mane Is. 9RORGI DAVTRS. q. bV.'s/0 M.B.A.

, it, ST. ANN B SQICURN,VANCHBSTBE.

00r5tti, Bog% Itbe Stntk k r

()IV BALK, Hamm.' MARK, 6 sr...re, IE-1 hanAs ; eleo gond strong TRAP end se or ..m. 1-I,y+NRSF ; Out or or sergir•tv.—/lonlg 134..nrIvioy.PFirch Wheflr,r.97lg-n.

5191,8, two Scottish TRRIIIRR BM:FIRS, one a toy, £1 Ir. and 30s. each. Rae.nent pallrue... Chan:l-40w on both alrler.—AppTy WarrEHICAD, neeplandr, Green Mount, near Bury.

(AN SALE, OHOICIB of Three HORSRS, all quiet to ride / and deign aged 8, 5. and 4 years : one and thre., grand steppers ; two, suitable for polo or hunting.—Apply DELA Posvar.i., Birching, Wigan.

Oran

RVVRRSIONS UNDRR WILLS.—Tonne or Prm•hA/p.. Low chArg.e„—L. Qtruruar. 20, lineklersbnry. London.

2/a MARTRLY liermye £5 Loan.-9hßre prnfit.. Prolooetvis two ellimpl.—Clo-leepe'rrrE BAN/CMG FoCivrv, 61, Lord Pt.. Liverpool.

PRIVATH triANl4.-210, reparable 15s. monthly. /orgrer amonnts in pnn-ortion. Distance no object. Forme re.—F. RUTLAND. 28, Inglis rd., Croydon.

CASH ACCOMMODATION. Co repay ell 5 0. £5O repay £R6. £2O repay £2 10 0. £lOO repay £ll2. £3O repay E. 33 15 0. £9OO repay £323. A-1317 W. litClO3ON, 70. PLYMOTIT3.I G'lllV3ll, MATIMYRSTRR.

IMPORTANT.—The N(RTHRRN 1314VD,t- EIIONARY CO., LTD. (incorporated 1875), make Advanees to persons entitled to property on the death of aired relative., Or otherwise in expectancy, and noon legacies, funds in Chancery. life interests, and annuities, and purchase Interests for prompt cash.—Smaxisow a RCMP, Secretaries, 22, Lord at., Liverpool.

Rloto £5,000 ADVANCED by PRIVATE LUNDIIR ON SIMPLII PROMISSORY NOTT?S. No Bills of Sale talcim, and absolute privies, gnaranteed. First letter of application receives prompt attentlon, and Intendinif borrowers are welted upon by a representative who le empowered to cornolete t ction on terms 'non- ally arranced, CHARGR Mtflel LTNLT,S; BUSTNRSEI ACTUALLY COMPLETED. Speolal qrtotationa for Short Loans.

_ Write in confldenee to— MR. T. POLLITIP. 30, OLDHAM ROM), MARrIRRcTiri,

CASH ACCOMMODITION £lO remy 211 5 0. £5l r.nay 2c5. Rn replay £29 10 0. 2100 repay elm £3O repay £33 15 0. Ero repay £2ll. Apply W. 3AOK4oN, 26, CORDMIATION ST., M ANCHRSTI3R.

PTIBLTO Norm -Boßnowyms will bawl nai,l or aro payin7 the none! high rate of Interent for the loan nf mohey, du an no lonwer. but come to mo, and T tall! %dram!, you au49 I'e't money at half the rate of Intereot You hayq heah oharetut. don't fall to glve rue a cal% o- write and onuolon. youtetlf as my tenni cannot ho heaten. Apply nereonally or by letter to the an.mal lender, J. LORD,

- I. PARKRR RT„ WaNATVOTTY. (Corner house, nemr Rank ()lay Stati)ro N.B.—No connection with any other loannffli. n th• tow,

f 3 TO ANY PERSON marriod or single WORTHY OF CREDIT fl,OOO can have money on note of Ilan' nn/v ON TERNIR at this well-known establllhed Ofll,e. We are the only Firm where v,,ri en DRIPPING aet e lost, wlthont the usual lo.n ofli,e. COMPIITITION. routine end without fees. Our Motto Is straightforward Lancashire dealings. 'Lo-no 'en lae raid RR tollowa or othorwloo. £1 ben 1. weekly £lO loan 2,. 6i. weekly £5 „ is. 6d. „ £?.O „ fis .. £7 „ 2s. „ £5O ~12.. 6d. „ The above terns are altered by mutual arrergement. Pal•tinv loara r.id off norl inereased. Call or write MAURIOR & Co., Moss C. COTTRRIT,T., (Nratraomnksa), 3, l'aitto will/Rol% WARRWITON. N.B.—PRIVACY GUARANTRRD.

RSTABLigHIin OVRR FORTY YUAR3. R. HARRIS, 2, ETNG-STREET. HANLEY. AWE/ 13, NEWHATZ STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRITATR ADVANORS. To Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLR PROMISSORY FOUL PArTIFM wishing for temporary CASH ATIVARJRq shoull note the arlyantayes offered, viz T 1414 STMPT,TOTTY OF THR PROMISSORY ?MTH TO BR SMART) THR tow RATA OF INTBREST CHARCIRD ACCORD— Pon Tn ISR. THR WRITTRN CITTARe.NTRR fly STRILITERT PRIV kOE THU SYS CUM Or SMALL RRPAymtrwrrg RXTRNMIIii; (wiz)? A PRIMO OF TIMR coNviiNtliNT TO Tlia BORROW RR. leo Brr,La ny ALB MIR TARR!' I:TfiLRR9 MUNRO AND TIFR TRavSACTIOPTS ART+ NOT PUBLISHED IivANY NR,vvPAPRR OR GAZIITTR. ARSOLITTR 9RCRiCrIY oilsi3RvHD. APPLIIO4WTy RRORIVR I aimunlATS ATTIMTION IRRIISPROTIVIi OF DIST/ANON In urgent case, a Representative still call personally upon anoneant awl complete the transaction§ 1 thetr own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reeeomible charges are widely known owl my reputation stands onriyalloul,

ESTO £5,000 LENT DAILY. LOWEST lIRTERRRT IR ENGLAND. I£6 loan, Repay 2e. weekly. P 9.5 'on, Repey 10.. weekly ele. „ £3l ~ „ Pe. „ 6e. „ E5l „ „ Roc Re. „ £lOO „ „ 35e. „ No Surette., no rAtkv, nl Publlottv. Sownal attention tc

Appl i can ts from tfals dist-riot.

METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUN9wInK NT., DKpoßn RD. OIEITR rind sit 87, squ'roßlA RD„ ?TORT wIDD, 65, ROLRSTnN RD. (rtorn.r of rimirn qt. oggvirs. 8, TRRNTHAM ST., RUNCORN.

,t 5 TO £l,OOO wrrtiout SIIRETIM.

, APPLY W. JACKSOY, r, PLYMOI'Ttr f3110V13, MA NO HASTAR.

WIDNIRS.

£5. £7, £lO. £2O. ..£3O, £5O, £lOO. A DVANCE MADS PRIVATELY to TRADES- tt MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. Cie Househnifiers no their own security, without delay, on our simple written oennlise to pay back FAIR AND HON'OCRABLI4 DEALINGS. K. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. 700? 07 TRE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN R. GOODWIN.

N.B.—Warrington and Botworn Applicant may receive Koney any Evening at their onm.Hornea.

FOR MOHR THAN TWENTY FIVE TRAILS THOUriANDS 010 LADIES MAVIS DEIRIVED GREAT BITNISFIT PROM DR, DAVIS'S FAMOUS FESIAL 7, PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WTDR REPUTATION AS A VET BOON TO VV °MANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, 1•01111 of Appetite,Rystetia,Falpltation of the lieart.Debility. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 94. Ir. lid.. 2s 9d.41. 6d. and ll*. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURB. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/8. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 POBTeDELLO-HOAD, NoTTINA HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

JOHN WALKER & CO, " EXAMINER " OFFICE, HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, &c. PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, &c. in the latest artistic style. Auctioneers and Tradesmen. INVOICES, Relied or Plain, printed to any size o pattern, on blue, white, or fancy papers. CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modern tYP*, and of the best workmanship. EDUCATIONAL WORKS.

2 McDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR BIT EPA j'lllY .

The Examiner, Saturday January 25; 1908.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR SMASH AT HELSBY. Lieutenant Ireland-Blackburne Injured.

Lieutenant Gilbert Treland-Blackburne,son of Colonel Ireland-Blackburne, C. 8.. of Hale Hall, Hale, near Widnes, and his chauffeur, named Sothern, were seriously injured in a motor smash at Helsby, Cheshire, on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Blackburne left home to motor to Chester, in company with Captain and Mrs. Hulme, Miss Fluke, and the chauffeur. Just outside Helsby, going down a steep hill, the motor skidded on the greasy road, a wheel came off, and the vehicle completely overturned. All the party were thrown out violently. Lieutenant Blackburne, who was driving the car at the time of the accident, sustained a bad fracture to the thigh. The chauffeur, Sothern, had his face badly cut. Captain Hulme and the ladies escaped practically unhurt, though suffering very much from shock. The injured men were conveyed to Chester Infirmary, after having been attended by Dr. Briant, of Helsby. Later, Lieutenant Blackburne was removed to his home. .

Lieutenant Blackburne's coming of age last week was the occasion of great festivities at Hale Hall, and the many handsome presentations made to him included from his father the motor car to which the accident happened.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
FURTHER DETAILS.

Interviewing idr:- Aii;;; a VVlCine—s Contractor. who I was first on the scene after the accident, a Widnes representative was informed that Mr. Blackburne was driving only about fourteen miles an hour, Mr. Allen's car stopped to let Mr. Blackburne's car pass, and no sooner had it done so, and Mr. Allen was turning his car round, than he saw the other car run up the cop after skidding. Every pain of glass in the car was broken,and the ladies and Captain Hulme were got out at the top. Attention was at once called to Mr. Blackburne, and when it was found that his leg was broken two pieces of wood were pulled from the edges. Motor-veils and handkerchiefs were used by the doctor and witness to place the limb into splints. The ambulance was sent for from Chester, but it was not needed as the ambulance from Helsby works was used to convey him to the Horse and Jockey Hotel. After a consultation it was decided to take him home; so after carrying him a mile to the station be WWI sent to Ditton Station, where the Widnes horse ambulance conveyed him home to Hale Hall. The ladies behaved splendidly, and Captain Hulme proved a great source of comfort to the young gentleman in his misfortune.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
"ONLY THREE WEEKS TO LIVE."

CHAS. FORCES Bile Beans cured her.

DIDIAITION't CONSTIPATION', & SIIEUXATISIL.

"The last doctor I had told me I had only three weeks to live But Chas. Forde's original Bile Beans cured me more than four years ago, and I have since remained in splendid health." This is the declaration of Mrs. Hallwood, of 48, Edith-road, Seacombe, Cheshire. Mrs. Hallwood continued :—" I had been a Jufferer from biliousness from childhood, fully thirty years. When I commenced the peculiar affection which marks womanhood, I was every month subject to fits in which I frequently lay unconscious for two hours at a time. These fits continued for many years. I was obliged to call in a doctor and as be was unable to do me any good I was sent home to my parents. I was placed in the hands of three different doctors in turn, but none of these were able to put me right. I was at this time 19, and I had my suffering increased by an attack of rheumatism which laid me low. This left me weak in my left side. " When I was 25 I married, but ray married life was marred by a continuance of my illness. So I went on suffering, and ceaselessly trying various remedies and appealing to the doctors, but nothing brought me relief. The last doctor I had told me that chronic indigestion was the cause of my ailment : and I was so bad I could not hope to recover. "He said I had only three weeks to live. I was fearfully depressed, and was absolutely without hope. "Then I was strongly advised to try Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. At the time the rheumatism was very bad and I was also suffering dreadfully from constipation. The first box of 'Chas. Forde's' brought an undoubted change in my health, so I continued the treatment, and after a thoroughly course of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans the rheumatism, constipation, and indi- gestion were all banished, and I was quite cured. All who know me were astounded at such a wonderful cure, •which is due solely to Chas. Forde's Bile Beans." Writing to-day, five years later, Mrs. Hallwood says : " Since Chas. Fm de's Bile Beans cured me I have not had to take a dose of medicine of any kind, my health has been so good." Mrs. Hallwood's experience is genuine evidence of the extraordinary excellence and superiority of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans over all other family medicine, and the beat of reasons why you should commence now to take this original and genuine remedy. is. I d. or 2s. 9d. per box.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. Burtonwood A.F.C. Fairfield OughttingtonPark 9 8 0 1 41 9 Palatino Rylarols' Res. Lymm Warrington Central Monks Hall _ _

Penketh Warrington St. Paul's l3 310 0 18 35 6 Latchford *Burtonwood Social ll 1 6 4 15 38 4 St. Barnabas' Res.. SECOND DIVISION. Orford A.F.O Warrington St. John's l2 9 2 1 32 15 19 Walker's St. Elphin's 13 5 3 5 21 18 15 , Warrington Central Res. 12 5 4 3 37 21 13 Warrington St. Mary's l2 4 7 1 14 30 9 Arpley A.F.O l3 1 9 0 30 24 s Oughtrington Park Res lO 2 5 3 20 20 7 Fairfield Reserves 7 1 3 3 9 13 5 Monks Hall Reserves Park Juniors Results for Saturday, January 18th. Warrington St. Paul's 2, Fairfield 3. Oughtrington Park 9, Latchford 1. Rylands Res. 3, Burtonwood A.F.C. 4. Monks Ball 0, Palatine 2. Walker's Brewery 1, Oughtrington Park Res. 1. Warrington St. Elphin's 4, ikrpley 2. Warrington Cup.—Third Round. Castner Kellner 4, Lymrn I. Halton Villa 1, Sutton Commercial 2. Matches for Saturday, January 25th. Fairfield v. Latchford. Burtonwood A.F.C. v. Monks Hell. Palatins v. Lymin. Warrington Central v. Oughtrington Park. St, Barnabas' v. Burtonwood Social. 2ND DIVISION. Warrington St. Mary's v. Fairfield Reserve. Onghtrington Park Reserve v. Warrington Central Reserve. Orford A.F.C. v. Warrington St. John's. A rpley A.F.C. v- Park Juniors.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WINTER FOOD.

Winter Food should be such as will supply the body with enough animal heit to resist the effects of weather temperature, etc. Currants are two-thirds their weight natural sugar, the element which contributes heat to the human organism.

Currants are fresh grapes of a seedless variety, grown only in Greece and dried in the open air by exposure to the sun. The practice of drying fruits is almost as old as tide hills. It, renders food economic, and increases their nstritive properties. A pound of sun-dried Currants contains all the nutriment of flve pounds of fresh grapes.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
HINTS FOR THE HOME.

IF you would grit rid of rheumatism do that which will cause fro% perspiration without sub- sequent chilling. If you would get rid of gout. make your.liTer as active as possible.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TO KEEP IVORY WHITE

Ivory knife handles should never be placed in water, for it discolours them; but even with the greatest care ivory will get yellow with use. To restore its whiteness as much as possible, ninke a •cream-like paste with powdere.r! whitenkur and spirits of wine. Rub this well on the handles and they will be cleaned and polished in the process.

A SUBSTITUTE FOR INTOXICANTS. A physician of eminence has prescribed the following: Tincture of capsicums, 3dr.; aromatio spirit of ammonia, loz.; tincture of cinchona, loz.; compound tincture of cardamons, 6dr. ; water to make Soz. To be mixed. One table- spoonful to be given with the same quantity of water every two hours, or when the drink crav- ing occurs.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
BREATHING AND BEAUTY.

Now woman can have bright eyes, a beautiful skin, or an elastic step if she does not supply her lungs with oxygen. She can do this by deep breathing. The indolent woman regains her lost energy when she learns how to breathe correctly. The serum girl, with the dark circles under her eyes, discovers that with correct breathing the congested veins will yield to the stimulated cir- culation, the dark rings disappear, and the lustre reappears in the eyes. Deep breathing will help to make curves where there are angles, and it is a potent factor in the cure of emaciation, be- cause it supplies oxygen to the wasted tissues, and sets the machinery of the vital organs going.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WALNUT HAIR STAIN.

Fill a large jar rather loosely with finely. chopped husks. Pour in methylated spirit to cover the husks. Allow to remainikone week, closely stoppered or corked. Now pour off the liquid. Turn out the husks. Squeeze from them all the liquid obtainable. Mix the liquids, and keep in a well-corked bottle. Next, boil the husks in sufficient water; it should just cover them. Strain. Add the water to the spirit. This is a fairly good stain. It may be made much i stronger n the following way: After boiling for half-an-hour, strain, and boil down until it be- comes thickish. Then mix with the spirit pre- parations. Walnut stain is quite useless unless the hair has been previously freed from all grease.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
PARSLEY AND ITS USES.

Fresh parsley can never be improved on for imparting a delicate flavour to all kinds of savoury dishes, but in winter it is often difficult, to procure it, and the careful housewife never fails while parsley is plentiful to lay by a store for use later in tbe year. It must be freshly picked, and should be immersed for a few minutes in boiling water, then strained and placed on a large dish in a moderately cool oven. After it is quite dry it should be packed in air-tight jars and tins, and put away in the store cupboard till the winter. When required for flavouring, if it is soaked for a few moments in tepid water it will freshen it considerably. As a seasoning for soups and stews, dried parsley is without a rival, while finely chopped it can be used for garnish- ing cold joints and poultry, fricassees, and fried fish. The green juice pressed from fresh parsley is invaluable az. an innocuous colouring matter for savoury sauces, soups, or jellies.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
" DON'TS " FOR HOUSEWIVES.

The following "don'ts" have been compiled for the woman who uses a gas stove:

Don't keep any kettle or cooking utensils over a one-jet simmering flame in exactly the same spot too long. The simmering flame is like the goldsmith's flame, boring, boring into the pots and vessels.

Don't forget, if you need hot water for sudden sickness in the night, that four quarts of water over as many burners will heat enough faster than four quarts in one vessel to more than make up for the extra flames.

Don't forget, if you come across triangular. shaped saucepans, to buy them, as several can be placed over one ring and kept boiling without any waste of gas.

- -- Don't forget it saves gas if when a roast of any kind is prepared for dinner it is arranged to have most of the other food cooked in the oven.. Have baked macaroni, or cauliflower au mratin, instead of a boiled vegetable. A baked pudding instead of a boiled one will save gas on these days.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT TO EAT.

If people would study the various vegetables. fruits. cereals. &c., as to their medicinal ,quali- ties in adjusting ailments of the human body, they would rarely resort to such methods for relief as taking pills, paregoric, or patent medicines.

liy using discretion in selecting and combin- ing foods, and individualising as the case might be. far better results may be obtained. Some foods disagree 'with some persons, yet they continue tip impose on the already outraged stomach by eating the foods that nature in- tended for someone else, or for them at a later date possibly. Fruits and acid vegetables (tomatoes) are good for the liver. Lettuce, celery, dandelions, crosses, and simi- lar salads are good nerve tonics. Beans, peas, lentils. Stc., produce strength and heat, and are a good substitute for meats in winter.

_ In potatoes is too much starch for fat people. Asparagus and carrots are good for the Icidni.vs. Walnuts, almonds, and Spanish nuts are full of oils and nutriment. Are much more sustain- ing than meats and easily digested if thoroughly masticated.

Onions and radishes are preventives of colds and sore throat. Olive oil is much healthier than meat fats for cooking, is easier on digestive organs if you get it pure. To take a spoonful after a meal is recommended. In California, it is said, invalids drink olive oil a cupful at a time. It aids digestion, throat and lung trouble vanish, and thin people grow fat on a diet of fruits, nuts, and olive oil. _

Eggs are easier to digest when slightly boiled than when eaten raw. Macaroni and vermicelli, on account of their closeness of grain, are not as easily digested as light bread. Potatoes when mealy are easily digested. When close and watery they are hard to digest. Bananas, on account of the amount of nitro- gen they contain, are easily ingested. The sufferer from dyspepsia should find tur- nips, spinach, cresses, salads, celery, lettuce, dandelions, ripe peaches, and roasted apples on his bill of fare.

A person suffering from chronic rheumatism should avoid dried fish, pork, veal, and tr.:key.

NICE DISHES FOR INVALIDS.

FISH SOT7FT.E.—Remove the bones and skin from a medium-sized whiting (whiting is the most suitable fish for an invalid, on account of its being so easily digested); weigh ilb. of the fish and pass it through a mincing machine, or rub it through a wire sieve: put loz. of butter into a saucepan, and mix well with 2oz. of flour, and pour in half a pint of hot milk: wir until smooth; add two beaten eggs, and strain into a basin: add the fish to the sauce, add !seasoning, includ- ing a little grated nutmeg; bt4ter a small china soufflé moUld, nearly fill it witt the prepared fish, and bake for fifty minutes 'eery gently; serve the soufflé in the mould with a little chopped parsley on the top. B FEY - TEA CrsTaan..—Wnere some -variation from beef-tea is deaireti. the following recipe might be tried: TO:A tne gill of beef-tea, two eggs, the white of one, tnd a pinch of salt; mix all thoroughly together' butter an earthenware cup, pour in ;he rni:stt.re tie buttered paper over, and steam it for twenty minutes; turn the custard out and serve either hot or cold, or put a few pieces :nto a cup of broth; the water should not bubble after the custard is in.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Princes in the Navy.—Prince Edward of Wales has returned to Osborne College to resume his naval studies, but Prince Alexander of Fiattenberg, the eldest son of Princess Henry, has retired from the active list of the Navy. It is the unwritten law in the Royal Family that Princes shall be attached to one Service or the other, but Princess Henry has always wished that none of her sons should serve either in the Army or Navy, the reason being the untimely death of their father from fever contracted whilst on active service in Ashanti. Prince Louis of Battenberg, a nephew by marriage of Princess Henry, is the only prince now serving in the Navy. He has been in the Royal Navy for close upon forty years and is vice-admiral in the Mediterranean. His wife;Princess Louis, is the eldest daughter of the late Princess Alice. and their eldest child, named after her grandmother, Princess Alice, was married some four or five years ago, to Prince Andrew of Greece.

The Maryburgh Sanatorium.—That was a heart- warming incident which took place at Maryburgh, where the Seaforth Sanatoaium for consumptive patients was opened by Mrs. Stewart-Mackenzie, the lady whose munificent generosity has provided for the institution, and she herself addressed in a graceful speech the Highland people whom she loves. Mrs. Stewart-Mackenzie is a member of the family who raised both battalions of that splendid regiment the Seaforth Highlanders, and she remarked very happily that she was glad to be engaged in the work of arming and providing against an enemy more insidious, and much more deadly, than any foreign battalions. That is a subject upon which much could be said, for even in the army, which has on the aggregate a low death-rate, suffers more from disease than the bullets of the enemy. Fighting Consumption.—lt will be remembered how, during the campaign in South Africa, typhoid and dysentery caused terrible ravages among the troops, and nearly every regiment has a tradition of heavy mortality at one time or another from a similar cause. Perhaps the most remarkable of these stories is the well- attested case of the old 31st regiment, who in 1796 marched into St. Lucia 913 strong, aed seven months later, marched out with a total roll of 74. Such incidents as these are striking, and appeal to the imagination, but consumption is at work 11 the time and the aggregate mortality which it occasions is still more appalling. For this reason it is impossible to speak too highly of the generosity the public spirit and humanity which have impelled Mrs. Stewart. Mackenzie to make this princely gift to Rossline, and one is glad to know that the occasion elicited a sympathetic telegram from the King, whose interest in the provision of Sanatoria for consumptive patients, has been manifested on many occasions. Birds as Death Omens.—Believers in death omens regard the sudden fall of a picture as particularly signi- ficant, and there are a great many people who look with equal dread upon the appearance of a bird against the window pane, or in the house. Numerous correspon- dents have written to a London newspaper, giving instances where a death has occurred in the family soon after the appearance of a feathered visitor. The magpie is notoriously an unlucky bird, but it seems that the robin is most often the bird of ill-omen. That however is not surprising, because it is a very common thing in the winter time for robins to enter houses in the country. The robin is a pugnacious little fellow, and less afraid of man than many of his kind. When food is scarce he will come fearlessly within a foot or two of anyone digging the ground, on the look out for grubs and worms, and will not hesitate to go into the kitchen or pantry if an opportune occasion presents itself. There are few country houses that do not have any of these little visitors in the winter, and although ' coincidences occur, and are certain to recur, it is foolish' to attach any sinister significance to their presence. I A Suffragist Problem.—The Scottish woman graduates claim that according to statutory law, they are entitled to the Parliamentary vote for the Universities, on the ground that the Act enfranchising Scottish graduates makes use of the word "person "and not" man."—The Court of Session has on two occasions decided against them, but the graduates through their organisation, have now decided to appeal to tke House of Lords and it will be interesting to see how that, the highest legal authority, will deal with the matter,—and what solution it will suggest for the problem. When is a woman not a " person. —The judges have made little difficulty over it, hut sometimes judge-made law is one thing,and the statutory law another, and it is the latter only which concerns the House of Lords. The Franco-Brit:Bh Exhibition.—One of the twenty buildings at the Franco-British Exhibition, which is to be the great London attraction this year, is to be called the Palace of Women's Work. The Countess of Jersey is the President, and the Duchess of Sutherland Vice President of this Section, which is intended to be as complete an exhibition as possible of the arts and crafts of women. This will be interesting, although such an arrangement is apt to suggest that women's work alone is rather insignificant, and separately dis- played it does not do justice to the share performed by women in the arts industries, and manufactures. The main features of the Exhibition will he two large boulevards upon which are built twenty huge places, one of the boulevards representing Britain, and her colonies, and the other France and her colonies. The Stadium, in which the Olympian games and competi- tions are to take place, is to accommodate no fewer' than 80,000 people at one time. Dress at the Early Courts.—The show-rooms of lead- ing Court dressmakers, are just now thronged with customers selecting, and being fitted into gowns destined to appear nt one or the other of the early Courts. Generally speaking twenty guineas is the smallest sum for which a gown and train—the latter often costing more than the former—can be obtained, three to four hundrdd guineas being the most paid for such " crecilions." Three to five pounds a yard is frequently paid matrons for fabric for their trains, but for the rhibutante the simplest materials, such as chiffon, tulle, gauze, and net, are chosen, and the complete dress and train rarely exceeds £5O. Three yards is the regulation length for Court trains, but many girls and worsen indulge in the limit—four yards—the idea beingto turn the fabric contained in the train—after it has , swept past the King and Queen—into a dinner or ball dress.

An Old-World Fabric.—Nfoir4 antique will be muoh in evidence at the coming Courts, as is likely therefore to be exceedingly fashionable during the spring and summer. With its lustrous sheen which brings out to perfection the lovely tones of colour in which the moir4 is made, it is difficult to imagine how we could have I brought ourselves to give up so 'beau ti til a material, I but however that may be, we have certainly accorded it a warm welcome back. So far pale colours lead, such for instance, as pearl grey shot with rose and forget- me-not blue, the dark tones being set aside, at any rate, for the present. Little Luggage.—The experienced woman traveller has learned to reduce her luggage almost to vanishing point, and strange to say dressmakers, tailors, and milliners have done their best for her in this particular direction. There is, for example, the useful skirt the tailor has devised, made quite short and with a separare lining, upon which a flounce is arranged, which sweeps the ground. This underskirt can be added when occa- sions arise that make a long skirt desirable. Then there is the reversible skirt, one side plaid and the other plain, which is constructed on the same plan, and so that it can be worn either side. How to ring the necess- sary changes with raiment that takes up the mimimum of space, is almost a fine art with women travellers to-day, a welcome change from the times when no woman could be persuaded to take even a quite short holiday unless accompanied by a "Noah's Ark " which only the strongest could lift, a huge weighty and altogether useloss " dressing bag," curuberous " hold- alls," and various other impediments. MADGE. •

===== 0002601_19080125_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANOS & ORGANS

Ail the Best Makers.

PHONOGRAPHS. DISC MACHINES & RECORDS STOCKTAKING SALE THROUGHOUTJANUARY GREAT REDUCTIONS.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 BERRY STREET,

Top of Sold Street, LIVERPOOL.

WRITE on CALL FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE

===== 0002601_19080125_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

THE NEW DRAPED SKIRT. BY ALFRED TENNYSON, Draped skirts represent one of the promises of Author of "The Little Princess," "The Lath. La Mode for the coming summer, and the Yeti. Savage," "The Baronet," "A True Blue," "He ous and somewhat bizarre forms they are taking of the Stall," "Plutus on the Road," &e. at present point to the fact that dress will be not a little perplexing during °the coming months. Where the double skirt is employed the upper one in some cases suggests that a square piece of the material has been cut out of the front upper skirt a little above the knees, while it falls to the hem of the underskirt on either side in 'ca-scade form. The corselet skirt has by no means ceased to obtain its meed Of attention, being in many instances draped in close folds round the waist and over the -hips, a method which, the Erening Standard says, is somewhat inclined to impair the grace of the silhouette, while it is frequently surmounted by a wide band of heavy Venetian lace worked in gold thread, a long panel of the same running down the back and front of the gown to the hem. In cases where the skirt is fashioned in this manner the bodice is composed of closely-pleated dyed net' or lace over soft satin, with tight-fitting rucked sleeves finished with lace ruffles.

Mr. Abraham Hale, the cornchandler' was a tall, rather stout man, with sandy hair and reddish side-whiskers. His face was healthy and of a ruddy hue, and his somewhat prominent chin gave indications of obstinacy of character.

If you walked down one of the streets, or rather lanes, which led to the wharves at Lyne- mouth—narrow, cobbled streets they were, with old-fashioned, gabled, bow-windowed houses on either side—you passed Mr. Hale's house. The shop windows looked out on the street, and if (as it was possible for anyone of moderato stature to do) you looked through them you could see with some degree of pleasure the sanded floor, the shelves with bags of grain and meal neatly docketed, and perhaps behind the counter the agreeable, portly form of Mr. Hale himself, and his red figure-head gleaming rosily amidst the drab of canvas and deal with which he was surrounded. At the hack was a cosy parlour, with comfortable, chintze-covered chairs, tall grandfather's clock, ticking drowsily and sedately, jars of bright coloured flower's, and red window curtains, between which a prospect was obtained of the wharf, with its stone quays covered with coils of rope, planks, rusted anchors, and all the other paraphernalia of shipping. All day long one could see the jolly figures of mariners slowly consuming their pipes at the quay edge or gazing contemplatively at the decks of the vessels lying at the wharf. A tangle of spars and rigging made always a network of the blue, and the river swept out to sea beneath the eye, bearing upon its waters a continual variety of craft. It was in this pleasant room, with this prospect of all that made the life of Lynemouth, that Miss Dolly Hale the eornehandler's niece, held sway. Miss Hale was a young lady of con- siderable personal attractions, a fact which was generally recognised by the younger and more susceptible of the male population of Lynemouth ; but save for one trifling flirtation some two years ago, when she was only a girl, and which her uncle had sternly suppressed, she had shewn no inclination to make a choice amongst them, though her offers had doubtless been numerous.

A MODISH COIFFCRE.

Quite the lateet thing in hair-dressing is the modish evening coiffure pictured in our sketch. Though extremely smart in effect. this coiffure is not really difficult to manage if the hair be dressed over a small pad of well-waved natural hair. The chevelure is first waved all over in big careless-looking waves. The front

fi-c-f-- -- -,e4gw, Cil4i,gol±-,-, i 0,4 •aF,_ '''.,.--_-; tt ~a) lia w , / /

hair is then separated from the back and twisted into a loose knot in front to be out of the way. The back locks are divided into three or four pieces, each piece after being lightly "roughed" up at the back taken up to the crown of the head and there secured by a wee comb. The front hair is now combed over the face, the pad pinned into place, and the hair divided, taken over the pad, and secured with small combs on the crown of the head. All the hair at the top of the head is now tied together, and the ends arranged in a series of soft loose curls all over the crown of the head. ' The coiffure is corn- pleted by fixing into place the pretty simple fillet of gold or silver cord, which is finished on either side with loops and tasselled ends of the same cord.

Mr. Hale had selected a partner for her himself, but neither had she shewn any sympton of the tender passion for him—a fact hardly to be wondered at, as he was little younger than her relative, and decidedly plain in countenance. It is indeed to be feared that Mr. Hale encouraged the match from mercenary motives, as Sam Parrot was currently reported to be a warmish man and had a little property in the town, which made him a very respected member of society. Still, in spite of his niece's obstinacy, Mr. Hale continued to nourish a hope that she would at length see reason, and so made encouraging reports to his crony about his progress till that worthy, who was not conceited enough to have had very high hopes of success at first, began to Look in regularly of an evening "to have a pipe with Abraham Hale "after stimulating his courage at the Anchor. Though he had not been very keen on the thing originally, the honeyed words of his friend Mr. Hale and his infectious con- fidence had at length made him feel so certain of success that he actually began to like the prospect of married life in company with such a charming person as Miss Dolly Hale. When, therefore, all these hopes were dashed to the ground the shock to his vanity was rude. It was then in a very gloomy and disgusted frame of mind that he was discovered by the senior conspirator one afternoon in the afore- mentioned hostelry. "Hullo, Sam!" cried Mr. Hale "why you do look down in the mouth—what's the matter ?," _ . .

Mr. Parrot made an indistinct reply. An inspiration as to what had happened suddenly flashed across Mr. Hale's mind. "You ain't done it, have you, Sam ? " he asked, excitedly. Sam replied that he had. "You are a fellow ! " said Mr. Hale, admiringly. "Fancy sneaking off all alone and doing it when I wasn't thinking anything about it. And now it's all over and you've been sue- cessful, you're beginning to wish you hadn't, eh ? Just the same as ever. What a rum fellow you are, Sam! Well, I congratulate you." "But she's refused me." "Refused you ? " said Mr. Hale, with his eyes almost starting out of his empurpled face. " Yes ; and what's more she went and giggled as she did it." "Giggled?" exclaimed his friend, almost speechless with wrath and astonishment. So great was his indignation that Mr. Parrot was almost moved to mirth in spite of his own misfortunes. "Yes; and said I was old enough to be her father." "Well I'm blessed !" said his friend. "Of all the aggravating and obstinate creatures women is the worst." Mr. Parrot nodded his head in agreement with this sentiment, and seemed to think that he was rather well out of the affair than otherwise. "I won't stand it !" exclaimed Mr. Hale, excitedly. "Here have I been looking after this girl for ten years, and the first little thing I want her to do she goes and refuses me. It's monstrous, Parrot! You stick to me, and I'll see this thing through." The latter seemed a% first to think he had had enough of it, but he was at length overborne by his crony's protestations. Mr. Hale returned home in what might be described as a bad temper. He was met by his niece, who greeted him with a smile.

"Supper's ready, uncle," she said. The table was spread with a clean white cloth. An appetising round of beef,with pickles, mustard, and all the other delicacies usually associated with that viand, with a prime Stilton cheese in lust the right condition, all invited Mr. Bale to make a hearty meal. But he did not fall to with all his usual alacrity. After trifling with the slices on his plate for a few moments he said : .

"I want to speak to you, Dolly." "Well, uncle?" "It's about Mr. Parrot." The girl looked up with a smile, but finding her relative uncompromisingly gloomy she in turn became serious. "Is it true what he told me ? " His niece had recourse to feminine evasion, and remarked that she was unaware to what her uncle might be "I mean that he proposed marriage to you this afternoon, and that you refused him ?" "Oh, uncle, it is true—and naturally--" "Why naturally may I ask, miss ?" "He's old enough to be my father." Mr. Hale had already been moved to wrath by this phrase, and its repetition irritated him in a singular manner. "Nonsense!" he shouted. "Mr. Parrot would make a very gocd husband. Of course, he's not as young as some, but he's got what's better than youth, and that's money. I suppose someone's been filling your head with silly romantic stuff.'

"Oh, uncle, / eouldn':• Such a funny old thing too."

"He's not at all funny!" retorted Mr. Hale, hotly, resenting the aspersions on his friend. "I heard something else to-day," he went on, eyeing his niece suspiciously, "but I didn't believe it then." "What was that?" asked Miss Hale. "Only that you wore seen walking out with that young sailor-fellow-- Well, I do believe it is true," he exclaimed, as he saw his niece flushing. _

"I suppose Mr. Parrot told you that too?" said Misl Hale. ("Spiteful little beast!" she added under her breath.)

"Never mind who told me," answered her uncle' loftily. "I fancied all that nonsense was finished two years ago. If I thought it rt aI ly was true, I'd--" Words failed Mr. Hale, and he loft his futuro proceedings in that event to conjecture. "Suppose it is true," retorted his niece. "haven't I got a right to choose for myself ioNtead of having a nasty, spiteful old thing 1 i e---"

"Silence!" roared her uncle at the top of his voice. "Of course you've got a right to choose for yourself. I suppose you can have any idle, gcml-for-nothing scoundrel you wish if you don't mind him speling your money and running away for two or three years at a time, and n.deihlv never entnino. hrvar non in. " 01iss Hale employed the last feminine resourca and burst into tears.

"I think you're very cruel and unkind." she

sobbed, "and I shall go upstairs to my bedroom at once "

As the door closed behind the graceful figure of his niece with a very pronounced bang, Mr. Hale admitted somewhat gloomily to himself that he had made a mess of it, a decision which he felt inclined to endorse more than once during the next two or three days.

A day or two after these events, as Mr. Hale was seated reading the paper behind the counter, he received a visit from a person who requested the favour of an interview. It was with an ominous foreboding that he conducted him into the room already described. The wind and the salt of the sea-air had covered the apple-like countenance of the visitor with a network of innumerable wrinkles, and flecked either cheek with a vivid splash of red, so that it had at once the littleness and the colour of a child's. A red muffler was wound round his throat, and his infantile body and limbs were encased in a suit of very rusty black. His legs were short and incredibly thin, and at the end of these somewhat farcical members stuck out at right angles a pair of feet of such prodigious size that it became a plizzle to know bow he managed to lift them when he had occasion to walk about.

Mr. Hale already knew Captain Latham, who had a small post at the port, by sight, and had perhaps met him two or three times in company, but their acquaintance was of the most casual. The conversation was, therefore, for some time of that kind when neither of the two persons engaged in it knows the other well, and yet is at the same time sure that there is an unpleasant subject to discuss before they part. What this was both men knew well, but so strange is human nature that they shewed the greatest unwillingness to approach it. With many tacks and nautical manceuvrings the captain beat 'up towards the goal, but no sooner did the reefs through which he must pass appear in sight than he would sheer off again to open sea. It was, however, he who at length mustered up courage to speak. "I don't know if you know my son, Mr. Hale ?" he said.

"I don't exactly recollect that I do," said the other, .inendagiously.

"He's a rare fine fellow," said Captain Latham, with enthusiasm, "and I'm proud to have him at home."

"Oh, he's been away?" said Mr. Hale, politely. "Yes, he's a sailor like his dad, and he's only just home from a two jrears' voyage in a tramp steamer. I expect he'll have a ship of his own before long," said Captain Latham, as enthu- siastically as before. Mr. Hale remarked that Captain Latham was fortunate to have such a son.

"Yes, he's always been a good boy to me," replied the old mariner, "and so I felt in duty bound to do what I could for him. "

"Very proper I'm sure," replied Mr. Hale, curtly, as he felt that the critical moment was approaching and that he must be on his guard. Captain Latham coughed and took a quick look at Mr. Hale.

The latter was obviously braced up to receive what was coining. His rosy face was rapidly becoming a rich purple, and his chin stuck out obstinately. The sailor was, however, quite as strongminded as his adversary, and was not to be frightened by these signs of coming storm. "I noticed," he continued, "that since his homecoming this time my son was a bit fidgety and restless, and I thought perhaps that he might have got into some trouble. I know that even the best go that way sometimes. So I asked him one day if there was anything on his mind; if there was, I would do my best to help him, whatever it might be. After a bit he told me that he had formed an attachment to a young woman of his acquaintance, and was anxious to marry her. I asked was his attachment returned. He said it was, but that the guardian of the young lady had forbidden him the house. Now, Mr. Hale, what I want to say is that my boy is a good boy, and fit to be a husband for any man's niece, and there is no reason why he should be prevented from marrying the girl of his choice." Mr. Hale preserved a diplomatic silence for a few moments after the captain finished speaking. Then withdrawing the pipe from his lips, he said slowly: "I'm sure I don't know why you should choose me to come to with this tale." "Because the girl in question is your niece," replied Captain Latham. "Well, you've come to the wrong box, that's all, Captain Latham," replied Mr. Hale. "When I say no I mean no, and I ain't going to altar my mind." "But surely it's worth considering a little? " replied the other. "I've done all the considering part already," said Mr. Hale, smacking his knee with the palm of his hand to emphasise his remarks. "I don't want some young oaf, only just in breeches, walking off with my girl. Give me a feller who knows his own mind and ain't above staying on shore and minding the shop." Captain Latham with difficulty kept his temper at this attack on his profession, but he was determined not to get angry. "And I don't think much of a young feller who daren't come here himself, but sends his father , to do all the talking." ~ _ .

"But I tell you tliat wasn't .the reason at all," replied the old sailor. "In the first place I offered to come here, and in the second place my son thought that two old chaps like you and me would have it out better."

"Well, he's wrong there," replied Mr. Hale; "it wouldn't make any difference if the King oi England was to come and ask me. When I say I won't have it I won't, and that's the long and short of it."

"Well, I suppose it's no good saying any more," said Captain Latham. "It ain't a bit of good," replied Mr. Hale, uncompromisingly. Twilight had approached while the two were wrangling, and it was almost dark when the little sailor, much incensed at the obstinacy and rudeness of Mr. Hale, took his leave. Through the parlour window, which was half open, Mr. Hale could see the lights being lit on the ships in the harbour.

The wharves became completely deserted as the various workmen finished their day's jobs and I trudged off to supper. It became practically dark in the parlour. Miss Hale still kept the ciignified seclusion of her bedroom, and in her absence the oil had run out, as Mr. Hale dis- covered when he endeavoured to light the lamp. He threw himself into the armchair with an expletive, and after lighting a pipe started to ponder over the events of the last few days. Whatever was the tenour of his reflections, he was obviously not meditating altering his previous standpoint; for as the dusk deepened in the room, and the evening mists began to creep over the river outside he exclaimed out loud, with an expression of which the tone and the language were alike reprehensible, that he would see himself in a very unpleasant situation before he consented to the marriage. At that moment he felt something hop quickly on to his knee. He looked down. A peculiar and frightful sensation came over him as he saw suddenly a pair of little red eyes gazing at him in the dusk. With a feeling of horror he observed that they belonged to a creature of dusky hue, with a long tail, which was seated on his knee. So great was the effect of the apparition that Mr. Hale sat rooted in his chair as if fixed there with iron clamps. He could not have moved hand or foot, and his scant and sandy locks seemed to rise up on his scalp. With a rapid movement the creature stood on its legs and pushed a black hand into the interstice between the buttons of Mr. Hale's shirt, thrusting for an instant its fiery eyes and grinning countenance into the petrified cornehandler's face. Then, so quickly that the eye could not fellow it, it vanished in the dusk. Mr. Hale still sat as if turned to stone.

"Good evening, Abraham," said Sam Parrot, who had just looked in for his evening smoke. "Why, whatever's the matter with you ?" he exclaimed, noticing the dejected attitude of his friend. "There's nothing the matter with me," answered Mr. Hale, shortly. "That's not true, Abraham,' replied Mr. Parrot. "I can see there's something wrong, simply by looking at you. You've been sitting here all in the dark."

"Well, I suppose I can sit in the dark if I like ?" said his friend, testily. "It costs nothing, anyhow." Mr. Parrot looked at his crony in amazement; this reception was so unlike his ordinary cheery greeting that ho felt sure there must he something CPriously the irrattrr. His emotions. however. were of a more definite cnaracter when the latter added, in a despondent tone: "And what's more, Sam Parrot, it's no good hanging about my girl. It's off!" - "Oh, it's off, is it?" said Parrot, in a choked

Voice, as his feelings nearly got the better ot him. "Hanging about, do you call it? Who was it suggested it, I should like to know? Who was it made me bring my pipe and 'baccer up here when I might have been sitting cosy in the parlour at the Anchor? Who was it made me dangle round a gal young enough to be my darter ? "

"It's no good you getting angry with me, Sam," interrupted Mr. Hale. "There's reasons or what I do."

"Bloomin' good reasons too, 1 expect!" rejoined Mr. Parrot, sarcastically. "Parrot, I've had a vision," said his friend, solemnly. "A what?" asked the other.

"A vision," replied Mr. Hale. "What, same as the prophets used to have in the Book ? "

"I reckon that's the size of it," said the other, gloomily. Mr. Parrot looked at his friend earnestly. The robust frame and temperament of Mr. Hale seemed so unlikely to have anything to do with any spirits except those which stood on the side- board that he drew an obvious inference. _

"Yu ain't been nipping, Abram have you?" Mr. Hale shook his head despondently. "Wish I had," he said; "but it ain't that." "Well, what is it?" said Sam Parrot, irritably. "What with your chopping and chang- ing and your visions and so forth, you ain't company for a plain man." "I can't tell you Sam; it was too terrible—set Inc all in a tremble. I feel I shall never get over it."

Mr. Parrot's curiosity was not proof against tuch allusions.

"Oh, let's have it, Abram Hale!" he cried.

Mr. hale gave a shudder, but after a moment be replied with an ashen face: "Sam, I've seen the devil I"

"Heaven bless me!" exclaimed Parrot, its. voluntarily drawing back. "Yes, I have," said his crony,with a rush now that his reserve concerning the incident was banished. With a pallid countenance and a hushed voice he told the story of what had occurred.

"What was he like?" asked Parrot,whose first feelings of awe had begun gradually to disappear, and were succeeded by considerable interest as to the appearance of our ancient enemy. "It was an awful little black imp," said Mr. Hale, with his teeth chattering; "and the first thing I noticed was him sitting on my knee with his eyes flashing red in the dark, and grinning up as maliciously as anything into my face. And whilst I was sitting there all in a maze he slipped his hand inside my shirt just over the helirt, and I felt the blood run cold in my veins." Mr. Hale buried his face in his hands and remained silent. When he lifted his head again it was to find Parrot, hat and stick in hand, pre- paring to leave the room. "You ain't going, Sam ?" he said. "I think I must," answered his friend, slowly.. "Don't go, Sam," cried Mr. Hale, wildly "Supposing if it was to come back ?" "That's just what I was thinking," said Mr. Parrot, maliciously. "Besides, it's you it wants to see, not me." _ . . .

_ "Sa,m !" said Mr. Hale, in an imploring voice. But his friend was already outside the door. He found time, however, to stick his head into the room again and observe with a grin: "Get your niece to take care of you, Abram."

_ , Mr. 'Hale remained where he was for *some time after his friend had gone. Then he walked half- way to the door, turned back to his armchair, and then moved towards the door again. Evidently he was in a state of indecision. As a matter of fact, the parting shaft of Mr. Parrot had stuck deep in his mind. Why not make it up with his niece ?"

"Dolly," he called at the foot of the stairs. There was silence above; he called again. "Yes, uncle," at length replied a voice. "Would you mind coming downstairs, I want to Ppeak to you." Mr. Hale's tones were so very submissive that Miss Halo realised at once, with a woman's instinct, that she had conquered. In another moment she appeared on the threshold. "Oh! Dolly," said Mr. Hale, "I wanted to say that—er----I've changed my mind, and that I see no objection to your asking young Latham to pay me a visit." -.Nfiss Hale did not abuse her victory, as she might have done. She threw her arms round her uncle's neck.

"I knew all the time you didn't mean it, dear," she whispered. "I'll write to Fred to- night."

The only sign that still shewed Mr. Hale's- tender point was that at the word "Fred" he gave a slight start.

The livery stable carriage, containing the married pair, had just driven off to the station, with a somewhat immature coachman on the box, bedecked with favours, and handling the ribbons with an air of ceremony which a naturally mobile countenance, and a strong inclination to grin, rather discounted. The respective fathers watched the bridal cortece depart with widely different emotions; but while one was naturally averse to revealing his chagrin, the other was as uunwilling to show a joy which might, consider- ing the circumstances of the case, have seemed indecent.

"Well, Mr. Hale," exclaimed Captain Latham at last, "won't you come in and drink their health ?"

It was a bitter blow to the pride of Abraham Hale to have to confess defeat, and it was still more bitter to have to enter in under his adver- sary's roof-tree in a spirit of reconciliation, but common sense told him that it was no good tc. refuse an invitation obviously offered in no unfriendly spirit. So with sufficiently good grace he remarked his willingness to step in for a moment, but that he must be going soon-as ha had several things to do. After rummaging in a cupboard the old sailor, with a wink, produced a small bottle of cham- pagne. He extracted the cork with deliberation, and beamed with satisfaction as the golden liquid ran creaming into the glasses. "Well, here's luck to the lass and my own boy," he said, "and another ten thousand a-year to you, Mr. Hale." The latter responded, and felt in spite of him- self the better for the cheery greeting and a gulp of the generous liquid which he had just imbibed. Captain Latham filled the tumblers once more, and then launched into a glowing eutogium of the wine. His praises, however, were cut short when he noticed an expression of con- sternation and astonishment on the face of his guest, whose eyes were following some object on the floor, a little to the rear of the captain's right foot. "What's the matter ? " he said. "What is that, captain?" asked Abraham Hale, in a shaking voice. Captain Latham turned. A small black monkey was sitting on the floor behind him, un- concernedly busied about some detail of his. toilet. "Hullo, Jacko!" said the captain. The animal turned its head at the sound of the captain's voice, chattered in an amiable fashion with its teeth, and then bounded, with the agility of one of those acrobats which nature trains in the forest, on to his master's shoulder; where he sat, to all appearance, very contentedly. "My son brought him home last voyage," said Captain Latham. "He's a good little beast and rare fond of me; ain't you, jacko ?" He scratched the monkey dexterously with the forefinger of his right hand. i "I didn't know you had a monkey," said Mr. Halo, in a tone which he strove to render in. different.

"No, We didn't let him out much till he got used to the place, for fear of losing him. He did get out of the house on, evening—the evening I came to see you about—" Captain Latham suddenly remembered what an unpleasant experience that interview had been, and turned the conversation in embarrass- 11lent.

"Ili! Jacko," he cried, "salute the gentle- man."

The monkey raised his hand to his head, on which was perched a species of forage cap trimmed with imitation gold lace. He lifted the cap gravely from his head and made a courteous bow to Mr. Hale. The conversation was continued after this, but Mr. Hale was obviously not in the mood for talking, and it was not long before he rose to tal:o his departure. "Well, I hope we shall see something of each other in the future," said Captain Latham, amiably.: "we're so alone and all that, don't youl now, that it really would be a pity ii we didn't." The hatchet was buried, no doubt, but why as he made his way to the Anchor for a quiet pipe and a glass of his favourite tipple did Mr. Hale mutter to himself more than once: "Abraham, you've been and made a blessed fool of yourself ? [TDB END.]

rt;

N''''' ' ~ -,

===== 0002601_19080125_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FASHIONABLE VEIL

Many daring colours and designs are shewn in the newer and more expensive patterns in 'veils. If the hat is white, the veil is black and white, of close mash and dotted with black chenille. If the hat is black, the veil is of the same colour, and a brown veil is worn with a brown hat. Veils were never more in vogue, and they were never more varied or more beautiful, declares the Tribune. The face veils come in hundreds of designs, and just what kind of veils are most becoming each individual has the opportunity of deei(iing for herself. The heavily-dotted, thick veils are extremely smart, and are charming with velvet and furs, while one of the smartest or the new Paris veils has but three or four dots to the yard, each ono fully as large as a shilling. The double-threaded mesh veil, with its chenille dots, is most becoming. It makes the complexion look clear, brings out all the soft shades of the hair, and makes the waves look smoother. With the new toques veils of lace are sometimes worn, but this veil, with an embroidered edge, must never be worn close against the face. The ends should be drawn back carefully, where they are tied, doubled under the hat, and /securely fastened. The spider-web veil is being worn with the large picture-hats. This veil is extremely thin, and serves more than anything to preserve the smoothness of the hair dressing. A SMART COSTUME.

Our sketch illustrates a very smart and up-ro• dato costume of fine faced cloth in a charming shade of peacock-green. The coat, which is almost severely plain, is cut in the very latest style, and fastens in front with a single row of immense and very handsome buttons. From the neck turns back a simple collar of black

.--;;•-•-'-- '7,-` 1 , . I :,. . , " f , :, r , , .. 1 , .. 1 . \ • -' 'l,i .. . 1 fll:I. I. .. \,. \• i i ';t, ~ i •,,, \ , \t, . .• . 1 • ' 1 satin, edged with a strapping of the material and a narrow line of tarnished silver braid. Big Cavalier cuffs of the same velvet, similarly strapped and braided, complete the simple full- length sleeves. At the back the coat is cut up on either side altiost to the waist, and is finished all round the edges with a turned-over hem. A perfectly plain skirt, cut very log all round and very slightly trained at the back. completes this modish costume. No USE FOR LEAP YEAR. Many women have no initiative in love mat. ters, declares the Gentlewoman. It would never occur to this type of woman to fall in love with a man until he had first signified his approval of her, but no sooner does he declare his affection than she forthwith blossoms out into a devout lover. Her affection i 4 due merely to a negative reciprocity. Leap Year would be of no use to a woman of this kind.

',.., il;i7 1") f.„; ii, f ' .:7 /

i 1 o 1 ' 'i

'p

*1„

===== 0002601_19080125_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
MOIRE ANTIQUE BACK AGAIN.

The revival of moire antique provides us women with a most effective and beautiful material, remarks a Globe writer. Why we ever gave it up it is really difficult to imagine. Its lustrous sheen brings out to perfection the lovely tones of Colour in which the moire is made. Take, for instance, a pearl grey, shot with rose and forget-me-not blue. This is the material of which a young wife's dinner gown for her first dinner party as hostess is made. The skirt is arranged in a long flat pleat in front, the rest being skilfully made so that there is no fulness about the hips. The train is not too long. The bodice, cut square, as so many dinner gowns are now, is bolero under the arms, over cream• coloured embroidered net, the design run with gold thread. The bolero is edged with small gold and palest mauve round silk "drops," and round the shoulders is a tucker of tulle to match the mauve and gold. Moire looks better in pale colours than in more pronounced. In the for- mer it looks new and up-to-date, in the latter old-fashioned.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S REortz.

HARE SOIIP.—At this time of the year old hares are frequently on the market. These are excellent for making soup, or they are delicious when treated se follows: After aleaning and skinning the hare, put it on a baking dish. Sprinkle it with salt and pepper, put some pieces of butter over it, and then bake. When cold take all the meat off the bones, and pound it well in a mortar, rub it through a hair sieve acid sass, mace, and pepper to taste. rut a little fresh butter and a few spoonfuls of the gravy loft from cooking the hare into a saucepan, and warm until the butter is melted; moisten the meat with this, pack it into small pots, and oey•r with warmed butter.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
LA.LL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

A SPIRITUAL VISITANT.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1'

===== 0002601_19080125_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
"KEEP YOUR KIDNEYS WELL,

'Every Picture Tells a St(

The extraordinary efficacy of Veno's Lightning Cough Clare in children's cough troubles is once more to the Mrs. Archer, of 127, Cann Hall-road, Leyton- e.olle, writes : MY little boy, just 3 years old, suffered terribly for -,•;,er 9 months from whooping cough. He coughed con- t'"UcnislY all that time, and we did not know what it Ivas to have a good night's rest with him, and we thought be would not live. 1 tried nearly everything 3,0 u can mention, emulsions, lozenges, etc., and spent Pounds, but found nothing to do him any good, until I tried Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. I got a Old. bottle and in a week he was quite cured, and I cannot tell you bow grateful I am for your wonderful remedy: Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, and all chest and throat troubles. Price 91,d. Is. 1,1 d., and 2s. 9d. a bottle, of all chemists.

VOLUNTEERS. Major B, Pairclough Captain H. G. Roberts Captain P. N. Avery Sergt.-Major G. H. Ingram.. ... 30 Col.-Sergt. Inst. J. Allardice ... 31 gr.-Master-Sergt. J. Wilcocli..., 33 Sergt.-Drummer J. Plinston ... 34 Sergeant J. Lloyd Sergeant T. Richardson 3l Private J. Spence

Total— 307 Total 8 Counted out... 56 C'd out 0

ORFORD BARRACKS. Major A. F. Bundock 3l Lieut. M. Mbrgan Col.-Sergt.-Instructor Atkinson 28 Sergeant Knight, V.C. Col.-Sergt. Holt Col.-Sergt. Carter Col.-Sergt. Sinclair 23 Col.-Sergt. Sylvester 3O Sergt. O'Brien 3O Sergt. Ives 24

Total... 291 Total 7 Counted out 50 C'd out 1

AND THEY WILL KEEP YOU WELL.

Advice from a Friend : " Doan's Backache Kidney Pills permanently Kidney Troubles, cure Rheumatism, Gravel, Dropsy, Lumbago and Urinary Disorders."

- -,„ .. , ~ .(),Y,Y. (WI- • . ~,,,iip A iw , s _ /Top , .1, ,f-,,--,-_, trn• -' \em ~, ~ ,'1 , A %;.c1 . ii , li ) .--:4V • , ', /0 ~i 7 Afi,,,, /. , \.,. if \N! , it y;,------#-- , .. i ~,.... lii), , ./...r,,,,,5, „//, ~,,,„:, . i ~ ,p r / .tote, /- ' \I ./,,,'ll./ v /, ~..._. • 6................_.„01,9‘ I_//: - /• ' / ij/(/ --- ,1,.....„--<----- - - \\,\,- , .--,,' f// - ,____,,, ~..,/ .-- i :::,7.--i,r.f.),-- / :-- vc-ff ....,.=.,-,-----,,, .':..,. •we--, .-0 , , . ',-- ji-/' , • . ---- ..1,-,---__ _,- -,,i --• -.:Y- .- . / 4(7k78 ...... , 7r. _ ,-....."=----0-_,,,•••••- 4y , ,--,-, y ..,. , -7'..---'7ll°,'•di9 l ' '''N ' /.:""--, ,. ,r .-:"----.,----_,.-----_,:s.:;,,,,:il....„:::"..3L1",•4•0/.,, i=„/____,,,;://:....,•,;,.../6::::?4_,,,0,.. _ _ >-,.....-----='----,- __-------_,--'› • .////f.,/^;'-i7 ''' - ' ' - 77-7.--.4--;,' „._::„..-- --„:•.:70„,..--5,--_ 20k__7!"1:7::':',...„..11,:::: .:71:44'.5...' ~,,,_•,.. 1 _ ,_________________ ~,,,,,,,, , -$,-.... .07.>"...„,:.; ,-• i i _.----- -7 ..- - 1'..---------11,.------------ -mar cure

===== 0002601_19080125_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

The New President. There was a large attendance at the 188th quarterly Illeeting of the members of this Society on Monday *,ening. The President (Mr. T. Critchley) presided, ,and there were also present Messrs. T. Wadsworth, Is,. Hall, F. Timperley, B. Farrar, W. Bibby, Malone, N. Cook, W. Haigh, G. T. Rushton, D. onnellan, T. Bowers, and W. Atkinson (manager), and 4. Jarman (secretary). INCREASE TN. SALES.

The PRESIDENT, after wishing the members the compliments of the season, said a rumour had got about that the Society had been boycotting Crosfield's soap. Wished to say that there was no truth whatever in that statement.- One of Messrs. Crosfleld's directors I Lad met the Committee last Friday, and was thoroughly satisfied that there was no truth in the statement, and Promised to contradict anybody who made a statement to that effect. (Applause.)—The President then gave a few figuaes to show that the sales in 1907 had COM- Netely outrun all other years. In 1901 the sales amounted to £110,749 ; 1902: £123,409 ; 1903. £132,697 ; 1904, £144,341; 1905, £151,110 ; 1906, £157,755, and in 1,0,079 £173,364, the increase last year beiog £15,699. Applause.) Last year was very a prosperous one, and he uoPed that next year the sales would amount to £200,000.

THE COMMITTEE'S REPORT. The SECRETARY then read the Committee's report Which stated that during the past quarter they bad secured property in Marbh-street, and by the time the report was in the members' hands the shop would be Opened there as a branch. Steps were also being taken

===== 0002601_19080125_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PROOF.

" For twelve months I was. subject to kidney trouble," says Mrs. A. Towers, 44, Baxter-street, Bank Quay, Warrington ; "I had severe pains in my limbs, and especially in my loins. My body and limbs swelled, just like dropsy, and my arms and hands were so puffed up that I could not use :them. My skin was a bad colour, and I seemed to have no energy. I was treated by a doctor, but I am sorry to say I made no improve- ment.

" I read of a'similar cnse to mine that had been cured by Doan's backache kidney pills, so I made up my mind to try them. After taking two boxes of the pills, the water left my body, and the swellings went down. The awful pains have left me, too, and your pills have done me so much good that my friends have remarked how much better I look. (Signed.) Ada Towers." More than a year and a half later, Mrs. Towers told one of our representatives that she was still quite well,and had not needed to use the pills since her cure. -

===== 0002601_19080125_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SEVEN YEARS' SUFFERING. Varicose Ulcers Cured by Zam-Buk. COULD EVEN FEEL THE SORES HEALING UP!

For seven years the varicose ulcers of Mrs. Mr.ry Ann Perks, of 159, St. Mary's-road, Upton Park, London, baffled medical treatment and defied ordinary ointments. Scores and scores of cases of stubborn skin disease have done the same, but they have all surrendered completely, just as Mrs. Perks' case has done, to the invin- cible healing power of Zarn-lluk.

"lam 56..3T'ars of age," said Mrs. Perks when

, interviewed by a London pressman, " and for seven years I suffered terribly from varicose ulcers. I had what seemed to be little more than a slight rash on my foot. It was, of course, irrit- able and J naturally scratched it. The result was that a day or two afterwards I noticed that. the rash was spreading, and a number of small water blisters forming. These were very pain- ful, and my stocking, or something else, appar- ently poisoned my foot, for very soon it started to swell, and then my leg became much enlarged. "Soon afterwards sores formed and discharged matter. This alarmed me and I consulted a doctor, but he did me no good whatever. I suffered terrible agony, and some of the ointments I tried seemed to burn my flesh like hot iron. "This went on for some time, when a friend suggested I should try Zam-Buk. I did so, and the very first application was beneficial. Zam- Buk was delightfully soothing, and I could almost feel it healing the sores. It did heal them, too, for After using two or three boxes my leg was perfectly sound and well. When I think of the hours and hours I lay tossing about in bed, writhing with pain, and how I used to get up in the morning worn out and wretched, I deeply regret not having used Zam-Buk before. " Fifteen months have passed since Zam-Buk cured me; and there has not been the slightest recurrence of the trouble." If you are in any way troubled as Mrs. Perks wail, your skin, like hers, may be quickly put into the pink of condition by the use of Zam-Buk. Don't take any risks by experimenting with cheap salves and ointments, which, owing to their rancid animal fats and mineral poisons, are likely to do more harm than good. There is positively no preparation which possesses the same virtues as Zam-Buk. its unique herbal saps and juices have a wonderful affinity for the requirements of the human system, and a most potent power over the diseases of the skin and tissue. Zam-Bak is, indeed, the world's greatest healer and the only perfect skin-Cure.

Dr. Andrew Wil;3sn's handsome cloth bound book, "Homely Talk on First-Aid,"•worth 2s. lid. ; post free for Gd. to Zam-Buk Co., Leeds.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 25, 1908 OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS:I LEAD POISONING. , A squire in a certain town had just finished The Rey. J. F. Matthews at Golborne-street. marrying a young couple, and proceeded in a eternal way to give them good, solid advice. • IMPORTANT POINTS UNDER THE The Rev. J. F. Matthews, of Latchford, preached at P Golborne-street Baptist Chapel, on Sunday, morning Turning to the bridegroom, he said: "Never , NW ACT. and evening, to large congregations. At the evening spend your money extravagantly, and be saving _— service the rev. gentleman took for his text the words, in every way possible." The bridegroom lis- t' tened respectfully,. and then remarked : "Well, Workmen Claim Compensation. "Curse God and die." Job ii. 9. He explained wh evil, loss, and suffering could come upon " a perfect and judge, we might as well begin on you," and he upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth proceeded to give the squire fifty cents for tying Two important cases under the Workmen's Compensa- evil, ' and said that it did not follow that because God the knot. Parson Johnson: "De choir will now sing,' enables workmen to sue in respect of disease contracted tion Act of 1906 which, amongst other provisions, sent good, He also sent evil. In the case of Job, it was through following their employment, were heard at the Satan who P' from going up and down in the world " ' I'm Glad Salvation's Free,' while De Ketcham passes de hat. De congregation Deacon noted the integrity of this man, and in a mephistoph- please to 'membrth dat while salvation am free, Deputy Judge. The first case was that in which the Warrington County Court on Thursday afternoon by purposedlweaarnnemdanhniserheaMr. A. Hyslop Maxwell, barrister-at:law, sitting as rehearers a g a ihn his au undoing. . of I r d. e sp a i r, Matthewsand recommended to them the gospel he, although a young we hab to pay de choir for singing about it. All applicant was George Henry Houghton, 24, Ashton- man, had been preaching for twenty-five years—the please contribute accordin' to yo means." ' street, Warrington, and the respondents Messrs. Peter . gospel of love, and of redemption. 1 Wigg : "I am satisfied that retribution will Stubs, Ltd., file and tool manufacturers. Scotland-road.' Church Pastoral Aid Society, some day overtake the coal man." Wagg : "Yes, Applicant claimed to be entitled to compensation on his scales are now lying in weight for him." , the ground that he was suffering from a disease On Monday evening the annual meeting of the • Warrington Branch of the Church Pastoral Aid Society "Shay, officher," began the belated citizen, "1 ' scheduled under the Act whereby he was disabled from was held in St. Peter's schoolroom, John-street. Colonel —hic—want you t' shee me home. You—hic— . earning full wages at the work at which he was ; Buckton presided over a fair attendance, and was know where my housh is, don't you?" "Let ME disease was a personal injury by accident arising out of supported by Councillor Steel (churchwarden), Captain see," mused the policeman. "What' employed. In the alternative he claimed that the s the name 1 and in the course of his employment. Mr. F. Cuthbert Lund (evangelist. of St. Peter's Church Army Mission), of your cook?" I Smith, barrister (instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel) the Revs. B. Percival (vicar) H. Russell (curate), Northerner: "But I hope the negroes down appeared for the claimants and Mr. W. Cobbett, of and Messrs. Greaves, Stanley, and Wrattislaw.—The here are not without th' pale of the law, sir? '• ; Manchester, for the respondents. Chairman explained the various objects of the society, Southerner: "No, indeed, salt. Why, even tla ' Mr. Cuthbert Smith said it was alleged that the and said it aimed at the salvation of souls with a single eye to the glory of God also to provide additional humblest ' nigger that's lynched, sah, gets au aea pplicant contracted lead poisoning whilst following ; church workers to assist the clergy. They now wanted a inquest' sah." 'Ms employment. He had worked for Messrs. Peter great many more clergy than formerly,and the difficulty One of he tlast stories , told to Andrew Car- Stubs Limited for thirty-five years as a file cutter. was that there were not enough being ordained to negie before his recent departure for Europe There was a well-known symptom known to medical Increase that number sufficiently. The society had amused him greatly. " Don't give unlese you men as file cutter's lead poisoning because the tendency was for the lead ' fblockwhichthey numerous to get from theat numerous objects, and helped to pay the salary of a really feel you would enjoy doing so," said a worked into the system. curate where the vicar wanted and could obtain one. father to his young son who showed a. disposi- His Honour : The disease has been heard of before —Captain Lund said one of the objects of the society tion to shun the contribution box, "for you know this Act ? (Laughter.) was to win souls for Christ, and in order to do that it the Lord loveth only the cheerful giver." The boy Mr. Cuthbert with : Oh, yes. I think so. Con- sent out men. It was appalling to think of even one , was silent for a moment. Then he blurted out: tinuing be said the man was disabled and was so very soul going headlong to destruction. The society was "Gee, He must be dead stuck on Andrew Car- ill that he went to Dr. Martin who at first thought he doing a great work.—The Rev. B. Percival and the Rev. H. Russell spoke of the help rendered to them by the negie r• was suffering from occupation neurosis. Subsequently , feacher : "What is velocity?" Pupil . however, Dr. Bowden, the certifying surgeon under the . society:—A collection was taken at the close an behalf "Velocity . is what a man puts a hot plate down • . Factory and Workshops Act, gave a certificate that he of the funds. with, was suffering from lead poisoning and that certificate Rev. J. Manning's Visit. would be put in. "Then you don't believe in higher education Sermon and Lecture at Bold-street. for women?" "Certainly not. I think it's a A long ar ument ensued as to whether the certificate itself sbouldgbe admitted as evidence, and bin Honour The Rev. J. Manning, of Preston, who until recently shame to even teach 'em how to read. If a ruled that as he could find nothing in the Act to the worked in this circuit, was the preacher at the services woman couldn't read the bargain advertisements effect that the certificate was to speak for itself, the held at Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday in she wouldn't be so unhappy over ene lots of ordinary rules of evidence must apply and the certificate celebration of the Wesley Guild anniversary. There things she can't afford to buy." could not be put in unless the doctor was called to were large congregations, the many friends of the rehe v. gentleman being glad to avail themselves of t "Well," reasoned Brother Williams, "ef de speak to it. sa in' is true dat hell is in da sun, it looks like Mr. Smith said he would put Dr. Bowden in the box. opportunity of bearing him again in the Bold-street eat', , pulpit. At the morning service Mr. Manning took for Id r s some coo , 1, blackspots on it." "You Continuing he contended that the lead poisoning had o ?" ricked a I his subject "The calling of the twelve apostles " and -now what makes em, don't y u , .. - been contracted by the applicant whilst at work and Houghton would tell the Court that until recently he , delivered an interesting and powerful discourse. The scientific brother. "No ; does you?' Yes; a himself mixed the block mentioned and lead was given choir gave an expressive interpretation of the anthem black spot shows up ever' time they pitches a to him for the purpose. There was nothing in the "Cone unto Him " (Goutiod). In the evening the nigger in! applicant's method of life, apart from his occupation, preacher took for his text the words "He endured, Pa: "I understand, Bobbie, that at the party to give him lead poisoning. as seeing Him who is invisible." He said the keynote you asked for a second piece of cake. Now, I Dr. Bowden on being called said that as certifying of a great life was unfailing loyalty to conscience an told you—" Bobbie: "No; I only said that surgeon he was bound to issue the certificate. but he duty. Moses' strength was shown in having the courage if they liked to make me the offer I would accept objected to being called to give evidence, further than of his convictions and in his staying power. Seeing the „..„ to prove the certificate. That type of character was much needed to-day in path of duty he chose it and persevered in it to the end. "- He: "Do my eves deceive me! No, it is true. His Honour: Tam afraid T cannot assist you. _ life, apart from religion. The grace of One year Ago, on this very rock, you promised to Dr. Bowden said he issued the certificate and in his endurance was essential to success in life. Many failed become My wife." She (a holiday belle): "Did I? opinion Houghton was on November 7th,suffering from to do justice to this common-place quality, and thought NVell, never mind; you shall have the privilege of cases of lead lead poisoning. Witness had previously come across poisoning being contracted through file more of brilliant gifts ; but brilliance and intellect, imagining that I kept the promise." "May I?" cutting. without staying power, would not carry a man far. So " Yes, indeed. Sit right down here. The nurse Alr. Cobbett: I suppose if hand tile cutting could it was in religion. It was illustrated in many ways,. will be along very soon, and you may hold the baby be carried on without the use of lead or preparations but especially amidst the discouragements and difflcul- till my husband comes." or compound of lead, it could be carried on without ties in the path of progress. Many a man net out in the effort to reform the world and was disheartened by Congressman : "What is the matter, madam ?" lead poisoning? the miserable disorder and the evil so patent to-day. Fair Wheeler: "I have punctured my bicycle tyre. Dr. Bowden : Certainly. The one thing that would keep hope in • the heart under Here is the place. Won't you please make a Dr. John Martin described the symptoms from all circumstances and discouragements was the vision of speech into it." which applicant was suffering on October 31st as God Who was with them working for the ultimate Western Farmer: "The corn crop is ruined, being indicative of lead poisoning. Applicant was , still suffering. triumph of good. The choir sang the anthem" Arm, Why, sir, the hot winds just burned it right up. George Henry Houghton, the applicant, said he him. soldiers of the Lord "in a highly creditable manner and iWestern Real Estate Man: " The great and self used to make the beds or the blocks at which the Mai. Arthur Booth was heard to distinct advantage in glorious West is the place to live. Why sir, this file cutting was done. They were made of pewter which the solo "Mighty kings" from" Judas tlaccableus." bummer we just feasted on hot roast corn right out contained lead. His-average earnings were about 305., Mr. Frank Hickman ably presided at the organ. in the fields." per week. ' HENRY DRUMMOND, SCIENTIST AND SAINT." George: "I wonder why it's so easy to get en- Mr. Cobbett. Five years ago was what you call the MR. MANNING'S LECTURE. gaged to a girl in the summer." Jack: "I just tell pewter and the lead all done away with a—No, it was On Monday evening the Rev. J. Manning lectured in you what, George after a girl sees herself in a not. the schoolroom on "Henry Drummond, Scientist and What do you mean by saying you used to get pewter summer boarding 'house looking-glass, she'll accept Saint." *Mr. J. Dodds presided over a good attendance, and there used to be lead in. When did there cease to most anybody." and was supported on the platform by the Lecturer and Moldy Mike: "Where did i you steal this bottle he lead in ?—Between two and three years ago. the Rev. Sidney Pitt.Furtherquestioned, applicant • 'd t bat said ,two Ofthree The CHAIRMAN said that when he was asked to pre- Tough Tim •o' whisky ? 'Taint very good.". , years ago the firm collected all the lead the workmen side at the meeting he accepted the invitation without '' Snaked it up at that house yonder. I've tasted had and gavethem new material, but what it contained hesitation, in the first place because be was glad to have better. Hello! What's this written on this bit o' he did not know. the opportunity once more of coming amongst his paper that's pasted on it—. Liquid Lye '!" Moldy Don't you know perfectly well that what was su bsti- friends at Bold-street to give them " od speed "in Mike: "Well, I've allowed all along that if the tuted was a mixture of pure tin and antimony, without relation to another of their very many good works, stuff pretended to be good whisky, it wasn't tellin' any lead at all ?—I don't know. He was also delighted to have the privilege of presiding the truth," This closed the applicant's case. for his good friend their late esteemed, indefatigable,Mr. Cobbett submitted that there was no case for Clara: "Did you have pleasant weather at the and successful pastor, Mr. Manning. (Applause.) The ,him to answer. It was a necessary part of the case s lines this summer?" Dora: "No It was hot, . subject of the lecture also appealed to him. He did el) -e, ..„e, . e., that applicant should prove that the place of his not think there was anything in which he was more dreadfully so. Really imcomfortabie, was it . employment was a place in which lead or its prepare- sincerely interested than the lives of good men. It ' AwfullY. Why, the weether was so warm that tion or compounds were in use for the particular pro- was said there was nothing so interesting to men as when a man with a cool million proposed to me I cess. There was no evidence whatever that the disease man, and he believed that was so. They would hear aceepted him at once." was due to the nature of any employment in which that night of a man who did a good work, who died De Fly: "Were you ever held up ?" Blazeaway : applicant was engaged for the tvrelve months prior to before he reached his prime, but who in his own " Well, I was relieved of all I had." De Fly: his displacement on July 27th, 1907. The only evidence particular field made an everlasting name.lle(Mr.Dodds) "Where was it ?" Blazeaway : "At the altar." was that there were the beds partly made of lead which well remembered some twenty-three or twenty-four , "See here !,, exclaimed the angry man, "I wish was used up to two or three years ago, but there was years ago reading with the most intense interest you would muzzle that dog of yours at night. His absolutely. no other testimony, on the subject. File Drummond's work on "Natural law in the spiritual cutting was not an occupation in which lead poisoning barkin keeps b: I) awake." "I was just going world " in which he sought by analogical argument , g . l!ly IY, ~. „ . dI, necessarily followed. It depended on the way in which to reconcile Evangelical Christianity with the doctrine ''o request you to muzzie your ha ,y, rejoined we it was carried on. of evolution. So much interested was he, that he took neighbour. " His nightly howling annoys my err. cutebert Smith said it did not follow according h. every opportunity afterwards of reading anything which i ee• to the Act that the disease must have been caused Drummond wrote and he particularly remembered a Little Rodney: "Papa, what is the difference within twelve months. It could not be suggested that charming article on "Creation.' Ten years ago between climate and weather ?" Mr. Wayout (of applicant had contracted the poisoning anywhere else. Dremmond came to his death. It was a blow to him Dismalluirst-on-the-Blink): "Climate, my son, is His Honour, after hearing a lengthy argument, said (Mr. Dodds) personally,for Drummond was a great man what a locality has when you are buying a home there was no evidence that the disease was due to the in his sphere and had stood valiantly on behalf of thou",, and weather is what it has afterward." nature of employment in which applicant was engaged Christianity. He was sure Mr. Manning would with a "Do you ever have mosquitoes here?" said the for twelve months prior to the date of displacement. loving touch and tender and sympathetic words tell There was no evidence that lead was used within the relative front the cite " Yes," answered Farmer them something of the life of Professor Drummond, the -, a'• . , e "How's last twelve months and he must give judgment for the Gorntossel. "And malaria ? ' Sonic." distinguished biologist and a great Christian man.respondents. , the weather ?" " Hotter'n blazes most of the (Applause.)Costs were formally allowed but Mr. Cobbett said The Rev. J. MANNING said that when the announce- time." " You don't seem to worry much." "Not they would not be enforced. went reached him that Mr. Dodds was to be his a bit. We've got a family here that's three week's SUCCESSFUL CLAIM. chairman, it added a distinct pleasure to his visit, for behind in their board, and we're getting even with during his stay in VVarrington Mr. Dodds often 'em, even if they never pay." A similar action was brought by Thomas Kibelle, 72, encouraged and helped him in his work and , The conductor on the southbound train opened Chorley-street, against the Mersey White Lead Corn- he was a tried and true friend to Bold-street. the door of the car and put his head inside. pan' Ltd. Mr. Cuthbert Smith (instructed by Mr. Proceeding with his lecture, Mr. Manning "Texas State line," he called out. " Gente with Steel) appeared for the applicant and Mr. Rigby Swift (instructed by Messrs. Sharpe and Davidson,of Chester) said God's greatest gift to any age was their hair parted in the middle are allowed five for the respondents. the gift of leaders in thought and action, the men who minutes for combing it out and parting it on one Mr- Cuthbert Smith said he did not think there was shaped their own generation and so helped to shape the side." any doubt in this case that lead or its preparations and race. The lives of such men were of perpetual interest_,. . 'W 'hat hat is our idea of a truel - good wife 9" compounds were used. Applicant said he had sustained and never were their biographies more widely sought Y , y g . . . f h. . " A truly good for than to-day. One of the uses of biography was to asked the youth. wife,"answered __,c lead poisoning, and he put the date o is incapacity as teach the principles of noble living by example, and the Cnniminsville sage, "is one who loves her hue- u tobor 26th, 1907. Respondents denied liability and not only to teach but to act as an incentive. The band and her country, but doesn't attempt to run said defendant was not suffering from lead poisoning and was not discharged on that account. As a matter name of Henry Drummond stood for one of the Most either." of fact applicant was under Dr. Fox's treatment when ' attractive personalities of our time and for one of i. i certainly did enjoy your sermon," said the he received notice. the most interesting periods of religions thought. hard case, who seldom attended church. "Indeed!" Dr. Bowden said he examined the man on November I Drummond appeared on the scene when the long con- filet between science and religion had reached a very replied the Rev. Mr. Tawker, "and which part did 7th, and found him suffering from lead poisoning. In 1 acute stage. He was one of the greatest personal you enjoy the most ?" "I guess it was the part his opinion there was no doubt on the point. The man forces of the day, one of its finest Christians, and onel dreamed I had amillion dollars." where ~,ye .1 .ought to have been able to work at the end of three of its most popular writers, his books having an enor- ‘ . . r eed a drawer or something to put these weeks as the poisoning was only slight. moos circulation. The much abused name "saint, " cuts away in," said the foreman of the country - Dr. Ferguson said he examined the man on December taken in its New Testament meaning, was a truthful weekly. "haven't got any drawer now that's not sth and he had no doubt he was suffering from lead description of the man, but they must dismiss from in use," replied the editor. "But, hold on! Yes, , a poisoning. He examined him again on the 20th of this month an he had considerably improved, but he was I their minds all the mediaeval notions which had we have. Take the cash drawer." not tit to go back to the leadworks yet. gathered round the term. He was as far removed '• I hear you have discontinued the custom of r.Swift asked the Judge to say he was not satisfied I M from the conventional idek of saint as could giving your clerks a rise when they take a wife," that applicant had made out that on the 7th November he well imagined. The lecturer then sketched Drummond's career in a most irteresting way. said the visitor. " r have' indeed. ' replied the or at the time the claim was put in he was suffering Drummond tried to show that the new knowledge, great merchant, "Why so?" "Well, the last from lead poisoning. The onus of proving that rested clerk was a Mormon and came for a rise four on the applicant. He contended that the symptoms of though it involved a re-statement of theology, did not . . ~ , destroy Christianity and that the new Christianity times tri a month.applicant's stated • D 11 •d ' illness as in r. oa en s certificate might be stated in terms of natural science. Accepting " What have you been doing all day, dearest ?" leadpoisoning, but tbat the wem not singly indicative of I . _ , the facts of science and the theory of evolution, he was said bis wife on his return home. "Working like conclusion that he had contracted the disease.was jumped also intensely sure of the facts of his own religious a dog." At that moment the family pet got up at too hastily because the man worked at a lead works. i Dr. Fox, medical officer to the White Lend Company, I life. His greatest book undoubtedly was" The ascent from the sofa pillow on which he had been sleeping who said he had had experience of these cases for ' of man." Drummond's work was not yet done. His behind the stove, stretched from his long afternoon twenty years, said he examined applicant on October books still helped men and would do for many a year. nap, whined at the door to be let out, and after his 4th and found him to he suffering from a slight attack Scattered all over the world were those whose lives request was granted stood in the yard for an hour of colic. On October 7th, it WAS not a very clear case were purer, and nobler, whose faith in Christ was more - i intense, whose service to the world was greater because or two anbarked a e moon. d t the but the presumption was that there was some trace of of the life and work of Henry Drummond. (Applause.) " Hallo, Gudger, I've been looking for you a lead. Applicant resumed work on October 14th, with On the motion of Mr. S. P. SILCOCK seconded by week. Couldn't find you high or low. Met a witness's consent, hut did not, follow his usual class of Mr. F. EL HARRIS the lecturer and chairman were friend of yours the other day. lie's been talking employment. On October 26th he was discharged. cordially thanked. , about you, and.l felt it my duty to tell you what Witness again examined him on November 15th and TO FIGHT " THE TRADE." he said." "Al: ! Well, I don't care to lienr what there was no evidence whatever of lend poisoning, A The CHAIRMAN, in responding, drew the attention of he said. I know it was something disagrecaille.„ further examination on January 13th. along with Dr. the nild to the power which the drink interest was " flow do you know that ?" " Beca' ise 3• ou are so Warrington , e of Liverpool, elicited the same conclusion.i exerting in municipal affairsale felt that if he was spared Mr. Cuthbert Smith suggested that applicant was ' anxious to tell it." to do any work in Warrington in future it would be todischarged on account of his attack of the disease. African Explorer (spinning a yarn): "Not very Dr. Fox W don't kwho raise the temperance flag and fight that particular , : 'e keep people on the works interest which was set inimical to the welfare of the b lona ago I went out olav and presently came have any suspicion of colic pains about them. (Applause.) A demonstration would be held in town. face to face with t lime me" Fm icnd : " Well ?" Mr. Cuthbert Smith : He might be going to have . it') February at which the speakers would include Mr. Explorer: "I fixed my Ze on the brutes, then Dr. Fox ? Have what ? Sloane, Conservative H.P. for Belfast, Mr. John Ward, stuck my hands in my pocket and walked ',way, ' Mr. Cuthbert Smith : Lead poisoning. He said Labour Member, Mr. Richard Rigg and Canon Flicks, whistling an air from an opera." Friend: "And Take me back on my old job," and the reply was of Manchester, and, he hoped, their old friend Mr. didn't the lions immediately mish at you ?" 'Out. you go." Robert Cameron. (Applause.) He hoped the members Explorer: "They eouldn't. It was at the zoo." Dr. Fox: That is what lam appointed for—to dise of the Guild, the British Women's Temperance Associa- "Do you know where I can get a room to store charge people who are unsuitable. tion, and the " Y " Branch would assist in making the Dr. Fox gave the opinion that applicant was not a load of salt 9" asked a conetry man of a Boston meeting a great success and thus give such a lead to thee suffering from anything now. clerk. "Perhaps inv father can 'accommodate vete temperance sentiment of the town as would show the• ' Dr. W. B. Warrington, of Liverpool, said he made a was the other side that there was a temperance force which .reply; thorough examination of applicant on January 13th, would not be brow-beaten and put back h's hands." by the drink • - and be was not snffering from lead poisoning. interest. (Applause.) Policeman : " Well, my little dear, if you can't His Honour said the evid; nce was conflicting, but he The Rev. J. MANNING supported the Chairman's tell me your mother s name or where she lives. how thought all the medical men agreed that the man was appeal. His knowledge of Warrington led him to say are we to find her ?" Little Girl (lost while out suffering from certain symptoms, some of which, at any that if ever there was a town where the temperance silo tine): " Jes. put me in a shop window an' rate, were consistent with lead poisoning. After forces needed to unite to make themselves felt in civic mit m t'll be sure to see me." reviewing the evidence he had come to the conclusion affairs it was this town. As to the methods to be lir :•• Is she happy, 'ittle ootsy-wootsy ?" She that applicant was suffering from . m lead poisoning, and adopted, that was another matter, but unity was abso- it Oh, so happy! Is topsy-nopev happy?' He: he was therefore entitled to compensation. lutely essential. (Applause.)His Honour made an order for payment of Lis. per " Oh, so happy !" She: " What would tops-- The Rev. S. PITT said he felt most strongly tharsome week from November 7th with costs. opsy do if there wns no ootsy-wootsy in the - .„ ... „ _ step needed to be taken to rally the temperance forces a of the town. When he said temperance forces he didin the Bushes: d 9" Gruff Voice of a M • ,ei,•,?..r1 . . an not mean the teetotal forces alone. It was perhaps -opsy-nopsy would be hugging some other girl." too much the case that when they said temperance Teacher: "Now, Tommy, if you had twelve they meant exclusively those who were connected with plums and your little brother asked you for one- the total abstinence movement. There were a great half of them, how many would you have left ?" k Massey, 923 Liverpool-road claimed corn- many who were not total abstainers, but who knew Tommy (promptly): "Twelve." pensation from Monks, Hall and Company, Ltd., for the perfectly well that things in Warrington weresnot what Kilmore : "After all, Stedman isn't so had a loss of his son Harry was killed whilst engaged in . _ they ought to be. He spoke with great hesitation as to fellow'. He came to me, man fashion, and took shuntena.opera operations w ions on September 10th.—Mr. Cuthbert any particular movement affecting the political life of' d f th ' Smith (instructed by Mr. Steel) appeared or e back all the things he had said against my people." 1 - • the place, hut having lived in Warrington two years heapplicant and Mr. Pope, of Manchester (instructed by Burnham : "Did it voluntarily ?" "Practically I Be!iiTheodore Lord, f Manchester) f the respondents. Mr. o , or e could not but feel that the power exercised by the drink element •public Merited traffic was a most threatening rhe firm admitted liability and had paid £7O into it was no credit to the townspeople. If there could be a if he didn't retract; but that y was only a matter of i Court. The only qaestion was deceased's earning I movement involving the forces of righteousness in the detail." capacity whilst in their employ, town, and protesting against unsuitable li en going into 0 Professor: "Robert, do you know 'the meaninge After hearing evidence His Honour gave judgment for the Council and taking care that suitable candidates of the word precipice, or bluff?" Robert 7! £loo with costs. were provided, he would feel it his duty to give it all " Yessir." Professor : " You may give me an the support that lay in his power. (Applause.) example." Robert : "I can lick you with one hand.' Professor: " Sir ! What's that ?" Robert:

" That's a bluff."

===== 0002601_19080125_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
SHUNTING FATALITY SEQUEL.

PARR'S BANK. THE FINANCIAL CRISIS IN AMERICA. Bright Trade Prospects.

The forty-third annual meeting of Parr's Bank, Limited, was held in Cannon-street Hotel, London, on Thursday. There was a small attendance of share- holders.

Mr. Cecil P. Parr, the chairman, moved the adoption of the report and the declaration of a dividend of 19 per cent., together with a bonus of 1 per cent. This time last year, when commenting on trade prospects, he remorked, If I had any misgiving it was lest the very esubentnce of trade should bring about its own restric- tion and it should suffer from the stringency which might arise from any unprecedented demand on the world's supply of gold," and he added that even if this did occur it might prove a blessing in disguise. His prophetic misgiving had come most liter Illy to pass : he could not have described more completely and accurately what really happened than in his words a year ago.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
HOPEFUL VIEW OF TRADE PROSPECTS.

He might be unduly optimistic, but he did not anticipate, as many people did, a depression in trade in , the immediate future. It was overtrading, over-pro- ' duction which caused depression, and at present he saw hut few signs of that. A veer ago demand was out- stripping supply with the inevitable result of a general , rise in prices, including wages and the cost of raw ! materials. That in its turn necessarily brought about a slackening of demand, which was still further accentu- ated by the increasing stringency of the Money market, and so undoubtedly there was a decided set-baek in ' trade at the moment. But it was not a depression ; he would rather say that we were marking time until the , stringency was over-passed and prices had adjusted ' themselves on lower levels. The world's require- ; ments were still unsatisfied, and in spite of the large loss of capital consequent on the late wars and of the very large unproductive capital which was being , expended in preparation for future wars, the world was richer now than it ever was before, and was ready and , anxious to have its wants satisfied. In America, in : Canada. in Mexico, in Argentina there were not only I railway companies, but many industrial concerns, asking already or prepared to ask for more capital I wherewith to extend their mileage,their power, or their plant, as soon as they could obtain that capital on cheaper terms ; and it was reasonable to suppose that , they saw a profit in these extensions. Money was ; already becoming cheaper. The Bank rate had just been lowered to 4 per cent., and the only fear now was lest all these companies might be asking too quickly for , money, and for too much of it.

THE CRISIS IN AMERICA. Even in the United States the trouble was not brought about by over-trading or over-production ; it arose really from the dislocation of a faculty and inelastic currency system. The enormous expansion of trade not only in America. but throughout most of the countries of the world, called for a corres- ponding expension of the circulating medium. Now, although America possesses more gold than any other country in the world—over 300 millions—that additional and requisite supply was not forthcoming. Perhaps even this stringency would not of itself have been sufficient to precipitate a crisis had not the enormous commitments of speculative millionaires stretched the tension to breaking-point. The situation culminating in panic and in the hoarding of gold was in no sense industrial, but purely a financial deadlock, although of necessity trade and indnstry suffered grievously because of it. It was the want of cash and the temporary paralysis which that want pro- duced which forced many industries to close their I doors, although they could show a good surplus of assets over liabilities. These businesses had not necessarily been over-trading in the past, and they were / only waiting for normal conditions before they resumed , production. Doubtless much money had been made ' and lost again by the inflation and subsequent deflation ! of all kinds of securities, and in consequence the demands for luxuries, such as diamonds, motor-cars, and silks, would be for some time to come very materially lessened. But

===== 0002601_19080125_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RESOURCES OF TIIE UNITED STATES

as a country had been almost insignificantly impaired. The industrial situation there was still sound in spite of many disclosures of roguery and corruption in high places. And although there were many black spots,and perhaps many black sheep in America, it was not really the sink of financial and industrial iniquity that was Sometimes depicted in this country. There were just as many'honest men and sound concerns there as here. It had been computed by a high authority that the annual produce of the soil—cotton, corn, and other crops—of America was on an average worth a thousand millions a year. Now, America had had several good years in succession, so when they took such figures as these, even the losses of which they had had heard a great deal lately, really seemed insignificant, and must be insignificant. Again, when they compared the present crisis with the crisis of 1893 they found that at that time over 190 national hanks closed their doors, and over fifty of these never opened them again whereas while this time only sixteen banks altogether suspended, and most of them were prepared to resume business, while some had actually resumed business alraeciy. Of course, it might easily happen that New York might take arin this year more gold from us. America, it must be remembered, exported to us over .£125,000,000 sterling a year, and she took hack only £25,000,000. Therefore, when they had made allowances far repayments in the matter of freights pnd securities it left a large balance, which left America both the right and the power to take gold from us if she liked. MAIM people in this country had been greatly scandalised at the financial misdoings of our American cousins and 'we told them glibly," Now is the time to place your !currency system on a sound and scientific basis." That ; I was very excellent advice, hut it hardly came with a good grace from us whose system was scarcely less rigid than their own, and whose only resource when a similar calamity overtook them was to break the law.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OUTLOOK IN LANCASHIRE.

When the period of cheaper money intervened—and it had Illraady begun—and when prices adjusted them- selves on the lower leveb it was probable that trade conditions would reassert themselves. He did not, of course, look forward to a year such as they had just had.when trade and traffic returns had broken all records. But the reports they got from all the industries with which they were more particularly connected, especially ' . - in the north, indicated that, almost without exception, the prospects were that business would be large and remunerative in results.' Cotton spinners had not secured such profits as they made in 1907 within a a generation. Colliery owners, ironmasters, the chemical trade both in St. Helens and at Widnes, ; the glass industry at St. Helens. boot mak- ing and hosiCry at Leicester—all had good reason to congratulate themselves on the very successful ! results of the year which had just closed. And, with perhaps tbe exception of the iron trade, the immediate I future of which was perhaps a little uncertain, all these ' trades, as well as many minor trades, such as wire- drawing, mill machinery, silk, tanning, were looking forward with a good deal of confidence not to anything in the nature of a boon. but to good trade conditions, which would result in a satisfactory and reasonable profit. Turning to the balacce sheet, Mr. Parr said he did not think the directors had ever presented a stronger Owing to the unsettled financial conditions prevailing in America and elsewhere, they had felt it prudent to keep themselves more than usually strong in short money, and in December cash and short money amounted to £11,850,000, an increase of nearly .C 1,750,000. If they added their investments, which amounted to £3.410,000, they had a total of avail- able assets well over Si per cent, of their liabilities to the public. The deposits were £BOO,OOO more than a year ago. The increase both in the number of share- holders and of customers was somewhat above the average. The libel action which the hank was bringing against a Society paper had, in keeping with the pro- verbial delays of the law, been pot off several times, but it would now come on for hearing in less than a week. Mr. A. J. Fraser, the deputy chairman, seconded the motion, and the report was adopted unanimously with- oat discussion. On the motion of 'iTr. B. W. Nix, seconded by Sir J. Christopher Gamble, the retiring directors were re-clected.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK AND TIRED ')UT. A Lady's wonderful Cure by DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

TINY GIRL MASS OF FEARFUL ECZEMA

Covered from Head to Foot—Cries Were Heartrending— Beat Her Head and Blood Streamed Down Her Bac k—ln Agony When Washed —Suffering Lasted Four Months.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO SETS OF CUTICURA EFFECT PERFECT CURE

'1 am writing to you a few words of advice to mothers who may have a child the same as I have. For more than four months my little baby girl had eczema, and no one but those who have had it can tell the agony they suffer. I have seen my child beat her head, and blood streaming down her back. She was a little sufferer from head to foot. She was one mass. I had advice from medical men; did not seem to cure her one bit. I was ad- vised to use the Cuticura Remedies, and I had two sets. Now there is not one spot about her, and I am confident that the Cuticura Soap, Cuticura Oint- ment, and Cuticura Pills cured her. I used them, and I think they are worth all praise for my child's sake and other mothers who may have such trouble as I did with her. "I used to dread the time for her to wake up, as the cries from her were heart- rending. For months she was bad, and no one but myself can tell of the nights of misery spent with her. It first came in a small place on her head. I used all kinds of remedies for it and it got worse. When I washed her she would cry with pain. One day I made up my mind while reading about the Cuticura Remedies, so I got a cake of Cuticura Soap, a box of Cuticura Ointment and Cuticura Pills and used them in the evening. I continued for a week, and you can't imagine how thankful I was to see how well she got on. She was two years of age the 22d of February, and a fine girl. She is a picture to look at now. I shall recommend the Cuti- cura Remedies to every one I know. Mrs. Cutler, 140, King St., Royal Oak, Plymouth, Dec. 13, 1903, and Jan. 29, 1906."

The most torturing and disfiguring humours, eczemas, rashes, itchings, irri- tations, and inflammations of the skin, scalp, and blood, with loss of hair of in- fants, children, and adults, are instantly relieved and speedily cured by Cuticura Remedies, when all else fails. Guaran- teed absolutely pure.

- - A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27. Charterhouse Sq.; Paris. 5. Rue de in Paix: Australia. R. Towns A- Co.. Sydney: Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. Mr' Post-free. CUtletira Book on Skin Diseases.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONThissuccessfulP°- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity ofblood, spots,blotaies,pain & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischaites, piles, gravel, painsin back, gout,rheumatism .exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos.l, 2& 3, according to dm.a<es. Price 2/9 (particulars Id. stamp) post free in t Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stockßoad,Hampstead, &principal Chemists.

dr-e-a-1

,L4l;-don,,,

, DODDS „ , . / 1 Pi LLS ..'... ~s ' Pb ,trti'lEuiviAitiPsch'i -ci-,,,, ssr— -4 tliAii• --D ls'lAsra WIC CIO 11 , i \b. __ TH2 , E 1 1- E Dingt,z_r4l6l4o,S. 3' FIOrIPIL , _ ' ~. PI. LIS- ~ 8 . not only cure dise,t,es, i 9111:innTdSlIblucTSinirei iET77I:IIIIP and restore healthiness to the . complexion, brightness to the 1 . eye, and alertness to the n.ind. A rtcrE SAMPLE BOX will be gent to all who %%rite, en- closing a penny stamp to rover Postage ,rcentioning this paper) to W. L.kMPERT. . :258. Euston Road. N.W. ...: • -t.4, :fr- -43 . THE k --. . 4 Ft-HALL 161EDi , ‘ ' --- I LIVER REMEDY A\ -- TROUBLL":; ~ ....... ,

===== 0002601_19080125_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
_l/i ZEcEs

C___KEATINGS TINS

===== 0002601_19080125_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

riranisINIII3,MNIM/V., f/f.,,.•••••MliffllY,..reaqtl

"FOR THE BLOOD I.; THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19080125_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
cs BLO ODftXTIIRI

Lancashire Congregational Lay-Preachers. The tenth annual meeting of the Lancashire Con- gregational Union Lay-Preachers' Association, Liver- pool district. was held in Great George-street Con- gregational Church, Liverpool, on Saturday afternoon, under the presidency of the chairman (Mr. J. B. Leach, J.P.,Huyton). It was the best attended meeting held I for several years. Mr. J. lienworthy, of Warrington, was elected a member of the executive.

B 41 PILLS are warranted to care, In either sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Pm from Mercury. BstabHaled upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 8d axe!), of all chemists and Patent Medialna Vendors throurt • on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the meters. Tin Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.- Advt. . _ .

TO MOTHRBS —Mr,. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millhos id mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immetiately. It is pleasant to taste; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain mil the little cherub awakes "as oright as a button of all Chemists is. lid. —Advt.

JOHN WALKER & C 9., HAVE A GREAT REPUTATION FOR

===== 0002601_19080125_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
STRIKING POSTERS

(7, • t'l'"; : •; "tti t Attt• • 'ot^

===== 0002601_19080125_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
4

Che eranuncr Apertes OP WEEK-END NIIWSPAPHILS COMPRISBS WARRINGTON a31113-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, ac., being ne of the Lsrgest sal Bast Weekly Papers in LBWS - tare and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn. prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca. nlre and Ml.b-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN BRA.MINBR, published every Saturday morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. frEIE WIDNES BEAMINER published every Saturday J.. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and Is a plats, grow.ag 3iatre of iniustry. rllllll BARLBSTOW N AND NBWTON nEAMINER, J. published every Satarday morning, The Largest Local Paper containing the News of liarlestown, Newton-l'Willows, Holborn°, Haydocsk, Lowton. ac. The district thus mprir d,ss ,n sit .-t t otrt of the Lancashire coal - de. rrtis ST. HIILIINS SEAMINBR, publlsned every 1 Saturday morning, circulating In St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. Ac -the centre lof the ale PI, Chemiza and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. PAITHE ‘7 Ti WANTEC... HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. H USES TO BWSiOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES VIUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week, Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s• 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... is. Od. ... 21. 6d. ... 41. Od. ... 6s. Od. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 31, Id. ... 55, Od. ... Is. Od. 64 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. S. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Dome Oft ettants, dr.

NvANTIOD SItRVANT WOMAN. —Apply Mrs. T. CAIINCE, Farmer, 3foss-lane, Lathom.

WANTBD, GRISTIRAL SBRVANT.—Mrs• HOBM3TS, Fsrrner's Arms, Irearnbead.

WANTED at once good GBDIRRAL SBBVANT.—AppIy Mrs. HALL, The Bank. Atherton.

WANTED good O.I4NRRAL SRRVANT ; no washing.- 17, M•BXET ST., Leigh, Lancs.

ANTS D good GIMBRAL SNRVANT.—Mre. YATES, TV Stamford New rd., Altrtriebam.

WAPTHD. good GIENICHAL ; for famfly of two.—Apply Miss DIGGLE, 21. Chadwick lane, Heywood.

ANTIM GRP BRAL, experienced.— tpply 7 to 9, or by VT letter. 40, Li/t9DOVVIPE RD.. Weat Dldebury.

WANTED, strong B ITO H D able to wash.— Apply, LARK NAST , St. Helens rd.. Leigh.

ANTBD COOK (good plain); wages £2s.—Apply Mrs. J. B. CARVER, The Meadows, Alderley lidge.

WANTBD OBNBRAL, for kitchen, and to assist in the par.—Apply ODDTELLOWB. ARMR, Berlestown•

WANTED Immediately GENERAL hERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. HYDE, Bank House, Moseley, Manchester.

W ANTIC°, GBNRUAL SIRVANL able to wash; family VT two.—Apply BPRINGFIZID House, Coppuli, Lancashire

WANTRD, GRNRRAL ; references; small wash; two only.-9, POPLAR RD., Monton,Recles,near Manchester.

IVIDO ig LADY, with EWA girl 3k, desires post es House- keeper ; c3p.bl.. —25, Moss ku..Winnington,Ch.shire

GiStatiltAL, 17 or 18 years, to live in.— Apply, HARE AND HOUNDS, HatraM rd., Stadybride.

ANTIeD, GHNHSAL (experienced), at once; two in VT family —Apply by letter LLVIRENCIC, 59. Harriet it., Stretford.

WARUM YOUNer WuMAN to manage chip and fish shop ; State wages. Reference requirect.-52,dr.MA11y's RD., Garstoo.

WASIK% experlene.d WittVIAL, help given; good pl%in cook; svnges £lB-2).—moRG.N. Clermont rd., West Kirby.

WANTaD, good GlielaUAL, 4 In family ; all du'Aes ; aseiotaace gtven.—Apply, 29, VILLIERs Sr., Ashton- under-Lyne.

WAZSITRD good GEM IS UAL oIiItVANT ; must have good reference.—Apply A. B. oTocir, Grocer, 29, 'Roust st., Rochdale.

WANTED GEN KRAL, capable ; no other servant kept; bouse small ; family three.—Letters oily. Nloonn, arsden it., Llversmol.

ANTRD, COOK-410N ; Wages £l9.—Write, VY stating age and references, to Mrs. DEARDEN, 151, Drake at., liochdale.

mrANTBD, good honest Perron as HOUSIIKSRP ; abstainer.—Applv Mrs. BARON, 22, Green dowartb, Accrington, Lancashire.

atilltD, strong OilliliattaL ; good borne and wages to a suitable person ; four In family. —Apply by letter 45, OLD HALL RD., Sale.

V ASTRO, experienced MINIMAL for farmhouse.— Apply, Mrs.Hawri,xx,Bouuty Farro,Crawford Village, 11.1pholland, near Wigan.

AvAN LISD, respectable Girl as GHNIPIAL ; comfortabl home; references.— TOWNSEND, 13, Darlington terrace, Cheetham Hill, Manchester.

WANVIL). efficient COOK-GliailitlAL, able to wash other help kept; small family.—Apply Mrs. ILLWEioN; Melrose, Long-lane. Garston.

Nvr ANTED, at once. good honest G SNI4 SAL for two in family. Luties lied. Ctood wages.—apply WOOD- -2.ANDB. Heaney, near Station.

AVANTIS° t..OUK-Glitikils ; four in family, another maid kept. Good waNes.—Apply CAVAN, Brentwood, Penkett rd., Liseard, Cheshire.

AVA ISI HD good GISNMItAL, With knowledge of cooking, as kitchenmaid. Age 18-23.—Addreas MottI3BALL , Yrestbury, near Macclesfield.

SEILVAISTS' ftliCrlSTuY.—Winted ervants, all descrip- tions.—Apply Mn. Nis9elr, Coppice rd., Williston, Nantwicb. mumps for replies.

),.A/ AINTIID, imperior COOK-GiHNBRAL. Your In family ; two other match kept. borne wastaing.—lktra.BLarnm Bealey Grove, Burnley, Lane.

WANTHD, TWO LADY HHLPS,is Coos and Housemaid, where two others are kept —Apply WHITE HOITSE, Milton Park, Prestwich, Manchester.

IaHUSH TABLH MAID required, age Z-25; wages £l.B ; one with Institution experience preterred.—ApPlV TlioN, Victoria Hospital, Accrington.

ANTH D, otrong EIHNBRAL, for milkhous., no washing, VT to ',rep in, Protestant. —apply, Mrs. RaTGARTN, 2, Carisbrooke Pima, Walton, Liverpool.

NvAINTIOD,pI roainCUUK or good Cook-General,l mediately, Protestant ; liberal wages to capable young person.— Bamowarz, Oak Hill Park, Old Swan.

- WASTI3D zuperlor GliflisliAL, for West Kirby; Protes- tant ; winos £2O; small family; comfortable horse.— Atlas COLE, 509, etailey-rd , Liverpool.

NATANTED a good COoK-OrKNISHAL tor small family ;no V washing ; Protestant ; good references.—A ddress " EARNoCIC:' Btatlon rd.. Karol% Cheshire.

WANTRD COOK-GBNERAL, able to wash ; nurse-house maid kept; three In family ; Protestant preferred ; O registry.—Toinsmi, Oaktielel terrace, Gatescre.

ANTIID, 000 K-G dellift&L ; also Housemaid- ViAtresa, VY Protestant ; family two.—Apply stating age and wages, Miss CHATFIELD, 17, Alexandra rd., douttoort.

WANTED thoroughky respectable peraon as DES/911AL for private family ; wages no object to reliab,e person ; age 25 to P.—Apply IC [lvWe AliNl3, Liar' iucirto.

IiVANTED COOK-HHNHHAL and Housernald-Waitzess early in February, for a family of three • no children. Apply Mrs. WALKS% 9, Burlington rd.. Blrkda'le. Southport.

T 3 EQUIRHD,%n experienced PLAIN COOK.; for gentlemans JA, family ; age 35 to 40 ; kitchen-maid kept ; good refer- ences essentinL—Apply, with full particulars, to ItaxoNAGE, Colwyn Bay.

MTASTIAII CINNIVIAL &BRYANT for comfortable situa- tion; good wage' to competent girl ; good refereaces ementia .—Apply BLLIOT. Southwood, School lane, Bideton. Birkenhead.

AN3ND, MINIMAL, rellable ; ever 20, able to cook d wash ; for family of four (two boys).—Please apply, giving references, Mrs. a. L. S. HALL, Stanley terrace, Peel, Isle of Man.

WANrI4D good and plain COOlO, Yiraitresses, ousemala Waitresses, Housemaids, Kitchen, between, and Parlour maids, lanperior oenerals.—Mrs. READ'S. Select Begistry, Rusholme, Manchester.

mPhIiSTON, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, LHARLIES ST., Blackpool. The oldest established in blaakpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages; enclose stamp, Telephone 0637.

JOHN WALKER & CO., Are replete with Machinerall Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very hold and striking' display on Hoardings and Walls.

JOHN WALKER & CO., 'EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

TO LBT 17, FOLLY LANW—Apply WOODS Sos 1 Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

===== 0002601_19080125_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19080125_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0

===== 0002601_19080125_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
---

===== 0002601_19080125_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
flotticS, JiVO,Boartimq 05tabs5.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RAftIISHY HYDRO, ISLH OF MAN—heal winter residence ; extensive grounds, golf, billiards ; brine and otber baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
gpartmento, furniggb 300u5t5,

===== 0002601_19080125_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable- APARfiIIiNTS, public or private ; good sea view ; terms reasonable.—Mrs. FLETCHER, 10, Victoria at., Promenade.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
s4V AL VIRGINAL," Hongserde, near Brussels, large commodious building, healthy situation, magnificent grounds, solid modern education, Punic, painting, terms 21 gni. ; references required. Kindly mention paper.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta,.

AION KY easily. earned in spare tirne.—Parslaulars. -apply • ROSE," 14, Gloucester Place, Brighton.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
L 5 Plitt W h BK. Particulars free. send stamped address to holm, 30, haskell rd , Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
VARA! PUPlL—Wanted to place young lad; moderate 1. terms.—Mairrna, 58 Whitworth ro , Soath Norwood,

===== 0002601_19080125_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
‘ITANTBD BIEUATION as Manager. Public-house; good references ; cash security.-0813010E, Grove Flats, Baling.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
L'ACTOItY Inspector's .sesidant, oniztry £lOO to £iso, 1. Complete iustruotiona given, 111. —Bx CCL TON, Chliwortb, Guildford.

‘l/ ARUM, reliable ACI-EI elTta for quick selling articles. Liberal comadasi3n.—KlCL-FYRE LTD., Rims Build- ngs, Raatbourne.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED good Amateur COMEDIANS; stamped envelope for partieulara.—Mumno, 3E, Sumner at., Eouthwark, Loudon.

VOUCH TO CONTRACTORS AND CARTHRS.--GOOD £1 CIPDHRS may be had at the " EXAMINER" OFFICE. Sd. per load given.

RONMONGEUVII CLERK, 37, single, 18 years sound JL experience, highest references—FULLEß, " Fairmount," Upperton, Hastbourne. WANTHI).—FARMERB' MAN, must be able to plough and used to farm work.—Apply RD. ALLERTON, Farmer, Parbold, Southport.

10/. DAlLY.—Splendid paying agency offered to sell our latest articles ; millions selling ; send for particu- lan —lse, Witton rd., Aston. Birmingham.

GARMINER, 30, WANTED, care pony and trap,abstainer, single, live in, best recommendations, state wages.— Mrs. FAWKES, Bryutlrlon, Ellesmere, Shropshire.

ANY Agent who hu client wishing to purchase well-built and well let weekly house property in London please communicate with W. Wlllt. 4, .ower Downs rd.,WI mbledon.

A.DVBILTISHIttairIy educatecl,26 years' listate experience, open take charge listate workmen accounts or Decorator's business.—JJxxs, 7 Fleogbennydd Place, Cardiff.

WILL any one whiblng to adopt young cbild (boy) good parentage, communicata with Mrs. Boa No. 5176, C/O 88ARROW & rHATCHEB, Halborn Place, London, W.O.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
poultrp, Ogg% CU.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
0 LICH TO POULTHY-KORPHIKS.—Preeh (daily) cut LI green bone, Sib.. }s. ; 12a. 64. cwt.—HorLE, 81. Grane rd., liaeltngden.

STOCK BIRDS.-2 pure bred Buff Orpington Cocks, 18 months, good colour, also 2 pure-bred Black Orpington COckerele,all Cooks strain—WALTER PaArr,Caton,Lancaster.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iLO be trt.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Actatritnonn

===== 0002601_19080125_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
• JOHN W Co.,KER AND kj 1311WEIRY STREET, WARRINGTON

WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET IN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT. For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soirhes, Meetings, Sales by Auction &c., in one or more colours, on white or coloured paper, in the most striking type, size 60" it 40" in one sheet, ESTIMATES FREE.

" EXAMINER " OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
° 1..

===== 0002601_19080125_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080125_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 25, 1908.

Iftmellantous, On 0111t5, etc.

--- ,ouNpAdRSR.--isßue,sat Ipfrrelodeastp.7l,isofottrinto:buftems and fat, ton lots,—

UlLiipypktr,hl.7.7p.o:tesartliy., Istyupernwieryi.tteti 10d. 1,001 words

itliOltilN False Teeta repaired byreturn of post.—Write for particulars —RIDING CHOORES, Sheffield,

H AIR, po.itive grower, cleanses scalp, restores colour, 9d. box.—GRIYFITHS, 9, Dowlett rd., N. Dulwioh.

LAUN.—tirand assorted parcel, 13 stamps. FhAsEB, 368, Et. Ann's Well rd., Nottingham

ASTROLOGY.—Nuture events, 7d. Stlad birth daus,— PENTOJI, 12 Carter rd., Sew Wortley, Leeds.

AbikAOHAN Caracul ties, 54 long, Chenille tassels, os.— LANGWORTHY, 18, Adelaide rd., London, N.W.

HOW TO SOLVE LIMERICKS, .3 stamps.—LIMERWLE 47. Clifton Park Avenue, Haynes Park, London. LLI EDWIN iS Hand-painted Picture postearcis ; sample packet Huatiuk, 93, Harwood at., Sheffield.

KJIISP YOUR NlitST DRY, rubber soles, only 11. 6. Bllnvs, 40, Grosvenor st., C-on-NI., Blanchester.

"liGkllJ" Picture Post Cards, la different UOLIIILIe 1-4 port free 6d.—hnwAnns, Publisher, halisbury, Wilts

91YPKWRITING.—Author8' M. &0., is. I,OJJ, with copy _l_ le. 2d.—NORTH( Co., 73, Fox lane, Paimere Green.

LTL _LtZ aIiELLAwLE LPL /lift:11003i t popular nci jpwroturott; otl C VtafoguPiZ e si fre

HOUSEltd.— 500 pairs, 5, bd.; state size. Ties, six for 15. 1_ post tree.—FITWALL, Stock-buyer, 16A MILL RD., (Jacob'.

I relntlou to cooduct. clan uiliy cure fuc 'OA ti L Mteery,lB. free. —Tiroxes smut', Me Patti, Durh tm.

QIAUTLIZILt OPPlitt.—Gent's Keyless Watehes.Warrantect 3. Bcl. Post free.—DENISoN, 40 bkowe it., hottinizhana.

1 ILK UttuUUL&TlS.—pecial. Nourishing, Sustaining, ITJL 144 tablets, 3E—WORLD'S ifircHArroE Bengal rd., llford.

BUAN your Garden and Household ltubblsh in oue of our Patent Destruotors.—HoteliALL DESTRUCToIi CO., LTD., Spence lane, Leeds.

DHOTOCULAPHS copied. 28. 6d. per dozen. Send 2 stamps J. for speclmen.—M&a I. IdrrcktELL a 00., Photo- graphers, Harrogace.

00rd eamous Air-gun Pellets hold all en,mpionshlps, V first In I;ag, foremast ever sinae.-137A. ULTILDFDRD Sr. Lazells, Blrmlnghun.

ier:3o fl CIiiiTIFICATH of? years standing for sale, V genuine opportunity, particulars, E. BLYTHE, ttawes.

0110T1OT Yools BKIII from wintry winds by using I. Lamberts Winter Healer, sample bottle 9cl. free.— LAMBERT AUo., Redrnib. DEMINGTONTYPRWHITInt,perieot order and condition, lA, offer over kb accepted.—Yentigaran, Surveyor, 4, Albert square, Manchester. SCRAP METALS, or ashes of all kinds, bought for cash.— Send sample, stating quantity. Ac, to JOUR PATNTER, 223, Pershore rd., Birmingham.

BAGISIN.-18 Carat Gold-cased Long Guard or Muff lI chain with Locket, 3s. approval.— Write WHITTAKER, 439, Fulham Palace rd., London.

MILHOUS • King's Prize Hollow-ground Razors, best J. tempered steel, sent on approval. Post free, Is. Bd. Write for Mfr.—PAYNE, Cutler, Banbury. - - A STOUNDISCI °PFEIL-8 full size fringe or back nets, A. any sbade, sent post paid on receipt of 12 stamps.— PARR! FRINGE NET. Co., In, Oxford it., London, W.

IYULIST6, we the ' Lightning' pump conneetioris. No V leaky or broken tubing. Perfect novelty; 6 stampa.— NOVELTY DEPT., Cycie Works, Kintbury, Berke.

BLANKBTb.—oOO pairs Waite Cloth blankets, splendid value, 3s. Ild, per pair, carriage paid, two pairs 7e. 63, —CITY TRADING Co:, 6 Palace sq., Manchester.

MUSIC. -Nine popular Oongs, Marches, eight psge seleo Non, 1,. 3d , post tree, to advertise our Free Catalogue —ol,&fist AND SON, 97 South Avenue, douttsen,i.

'VARTHING Breakfasts for Starving Chlidren Piers; help .11 Mrs. Bramwell Booth to provide these.—Address, DONATION, 259. Mare it. Hackney, London, N.H.

sS. I ID. TAILOR-MAIM Skirts In Black and Navy. -7t J I Latest Cut and good finish. Cdade t messure —Rim, 20 BattMono Place, Oxford et., London, W.

GOODS (Speetal). d. and 60. Greatest variety I/ and value In the trade.—daL3lo:f & MATTHEWMAN, Ltd., Plough 13ul1eings, Gloucester it., Birmingham.

"RAILWAY LOST PBOPHRTY,—Send 2s. 6d. Beautiful Umbrellos, sila 3s 6d. and se. 6d. carriage paid.— Donrcx fit.TDPLIE Co., 31, Martensen it., Liverpool, S.

ELECTRIO LIGHT.—),. 6d. Neat Pocke t apparatu nickelled mounts, press button, bright light, marvellou value.— Mime, Hytte rd., Wllleaden Junction, fI.W.

RING OLIPS,—Is your ring too large or " rldei " round Use a Iting-Olip, solid gold, any width, le. Bd. poet ree.—ALnlog SNELL & doaTs. Jeweller., Acton, London.

()Uri 10e.61.1.4-oarat Gold Fountetne Pens witle 25.6 d poet free. Musical Braes Timeplects. lea. 61. poet free. Agents wented.—De.en, 9. Heeviean Hill Caversham.

A LL PHONOGRAPHY give perfeet results when fitted tit with the new new unbreakable Filamentine Diaphragm," which ensures the loudest, sweetest and most natural reproductions possible. Absolutely tone-perfect price 2.. pitted In to your own reproducer for 2s. 3. free Money-back ofter.—FmauFarroxwesE Co. ?halo Repair RxnArrs. 790JOSIddletonIrd., W. Oldham lig. _

personal advantage that a candidate can possess. He was able, earnest, uncommonly well-informed, charming in manner, and more than usually indus- trious in visiting the various parts of the constit- uency. No candidate could have worked harder ; none could have been more popular with those electors whcm he was able to influence. Probably if he had to contest the fight over again he would be victorious by force of his vivacity, ability, and attractiveness; to say which is to admit that in our opinion be was beaten because, until the vacancy was created, he was unknown to the electors.

But undoubtedly the defeat was brought about by a combination of all the causes alleged in explanation of it. Some of these were sufficient in themselves. For instance, if the out-voters had not been almost all on one side, or if theylhad not poured into the constituency en masse, the seat would now have been in possession of the Liberal party. Similarly, if the electors had not been deliberately deceived by the election literature countenanced and paid for by the successful candidate, and admittedly of a character such as ought not to be employed in elections, the result might have been different from what it was. In a rural constituency a considerable effect is produced by the armies of agents and organisers poured into it at election times by the Tariff Reform League and other reactionary bodies These persons are paid, and those who pay them doubtless get their money's worth in misrepresenta- tion ; but they are not paid by the candidate who profits by their services, and who thus gets the benefit of such help as would not be available under a strict interpretation of the Corrupt Practices Act. The rowdyism which accompanied the election can have done no good to Mr. BUXTON ; but for this rowdyism he had no responsibility. It was an accident of which there is no sufficient explanation, except that a large. proportion of the electors in the principal town of the constituency seem to have been "spoiling for a fight." When the suffragettes claim the glory of the victory over the Liberal candidate we can only answer with a smile. The new movement has hardly yet advanced so far as that.

The one indisputable lesson of the contest is that which we named first of all, and which is insisted upon with some grimness of humour by Mr. ARNOLD LUPTON, M.P., who had the distinction of beating Mr.HENRY CHAPLIN in a county constitu- ency. The member for the Sleaford Division certainly ought to be acquainted with the condition of success in such cases, and he explains every- thing by saying "Mr. BUXTON was only before the constituency a few weeks ; the Conservative candidat, had been before the constituency for several years." We are not among those who maintain that a candidate should always, or even in most instances, be a local man. Tlll.t seems to us to be an unintelligent dogma. Nothing Could be more stupid than the employment of the cry of " carpet-bagger "as an argument. Most of our leading men on both sides might be so described —by a goose. However, where the circumstances are not exceptional, the fact that a midi date is not known in the constituency until a vacancy occurs must always tell heavily against him. "The electoral pendulum," as Mr. ARNOLD LEPTON cynically observes, "swings the way it is pulled hardest "; and we agree with the same authority that a candidate for a large rural con- stituency should make the personal acquaintance of every elector, which cannot be effectively done much under a couple of years. This consideration is one that should be steadily kept in mind by Liberal organisers everywhere. A good candidate, in the sense in which Mr. RODEN BUXTON was a good candidate, is often far from being the best candidate for the occasion.

The new Warrington THE DEThignvo Parliamentary Dabs:jug SOCIETY. Society has 3t last been launched on the political sea. As is fit and proper, the Liberal Party takes office for the first session and a Government has been formed which possesses interesting possi- bilities and Considerable debating power. Mr. John Upson ought to make a capital Premier , possessing as he does so many of those solid' qualities which characterise the Premier of England, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman. The Opposition is likely to be in strong force and the Socialist-Labour wing is eager to apply the spur. The Session will open on Thursday evening next when Mr. H. W. Guest will introduce the King's Speech. There after weekly meetings will follow, and, we hope, attract a strong membership of ardent politicians and social reformers. The new Society bids fair to make an auspicious start, and with ordinary luck should acquire the prestige of its predecessor of 25 years ago.

Every by-election in War- ST. AUSTIN'S WARD rington is being turned BY-ELECTION. into a miniature General Election by the Couserva- Mrs party. They are so determined to hold the reins of power locally that they deliberately prevent the electors from choosing the man who would best serve their special interests as a member of the Town Council, by foisting upon the Ward party nominees of the deepest blue dye. The circumstances of the recent by-election in Su. Austin's Ward were somewhat remarkable. Mr. Broadhurst, a humble workingman candidate, was the Conservative nominee, and he was supported night after night by influential Tories like Sir Gilbert Greenell, Mr. R. Pierpoint, and Mr. W. P. Rylands, who prated loudly about imperial and colonial affairs, religious education, and other matters which do not strictly concern a ward repre- sentative. They were as keen on securing Mr. Broadhurst's return as they would have been if he had been contesting the representation of the Borough in Parliament. It makes one wonder why, and at the same time suggests no con- clusion that the Tory party in Warrington is seeking to fill the Council Chamber with men who will toe the line at the dictates of wire-pullers outside. This sort of thing is not conducive to good local government. It does not need half an eye to see that the rory party is being financed and bolstered up by the brewers, and that it is they who are really getting the administration of the town into their hands. Mr. Magian has long been a determined opponent of the privileged brewing interest, hence the special efforts put foith to beat him on Monday. He is to be congratulated on making a plucky fight for principle and independence in municipal life, but until the electors use their eyes to look beneath the glittering cloak of Tory.tactics and see the sinister form beneath there will be little hope of an enlightened and public-spirited Town Council.

That the year has taken NAT UR z the turn towards spring the IN WINTER. increased light at half-past seven in any morning, or half-past four in any afternoon, henceforth cheer- fully proclaims. There is the greater invitation to take one's walks abroad, over common or through woodland. The peaceful beauty of spinney or copse is, as expressing that mood, more attractive now than at any other time of the year. The wood is as lovely in winter as in high summer, and beside the profound calm of its stately aisles there is to-day the stirring of new life in the later sun- shine, the: bird's pipe, and the rustle of under-

growth, which already, in imagination, can place at the foot of some smooth bole the star of the primrose. He is an urban woodman who can only individualise the trees when they are in foliage. The top-heaviness of the elm, the self. sufficient power of the "horizontal " oak, the rounded trunk and springing hues of the beech, the crooked boughs of walnut and plane, these are as readily to be known in winter as at other times. The traceried branches make their exquisite address against a grey sky no less than when the leaves are bursting their sheaths in sunshine and azure. The collective word of the countryside is that winter brings neither gloom nor despondency. By woodland lake or under the bowling wind upon the heath Nature is always the Socratic philo- sopher. She is ever good at propounding questions, and equally from untroubled calm and the turbulency of " wild west wind " issues the com- fortable reminder, " If winter come can spring be far behind ?"

RATS.

The latest crusade is one to exterminate the plague of

rats, which is estimaed to do damage in this country to the extent of £10,000,000 annually. At one time the common rat of Great Britain was the black Mus rattus. But it has disappeared before the brown Mus decumanus from Norway, a more enterprising and stronger species. So prolific is this rodent that it has spreal over the greater part of Europe, and is equally common in America. The way in which rats infest ships and breed in them in spite of all endeavours to get rid of them has always been a remarkable testimony of their migratory propensities. At the same time, their instinct which causes them to leave a ship suddenly has always been an indication that the vessel is destined to meet with a mishap during her forthcoming voyage. At one time witches were believed, after Ithey had been burnt, to come to life again in the form of rats, but such animals never had tails. Thus, in Denmark, where rewards are paid for the killing of rats by the number of tails handed in, the witches hitherto have escaped. In the same way, Manx cats which have no tails were formerly looked upon as rein- carnations of wicked women, and never petted. One of the richest provinces of Holland was once inundated and ruined by a hole made in the dykes by a single rat. But we are told that at the present time there are millions of rats infesting the London docks. If, therefore, one rat has been capable of devastating an entire Dutch province, if all the rats in the city of London rose in revolt against the present scheme of exterininating them imagination boggles over the mischief they may be capable of doing.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JANUARY 250, 1908.

It is hardly worth while SOCIALISM (says the "Westminster AND Gazette ") to follow the LABOUR, various explanations by

which different Labour leaders endeavour to give a show of coherence to the action of their Conference in rejecting a Socialist resolution on Tuesday and accepting a Socialist resolution on Wednesday.. The simple fact is that the Socialists somehow secured their revenge for the vote which went overwhelm- ingly against them on the previous day. The voting at the Conference is, of course, in any event a somewhat artificial proceeding, "The resolution means nothing," Mr. WILL THORNE is reported to have said : " it is merely an expression of opinion on the part of the dele- gates who are in favour of Socialism. It does not affect the constitution of the party. Therefore, no candidate can be compelled to accept i when he stands." Which means that, while the Labour Party avows as "its definite object the Socialise- tion;of the means of production, distribution, and exchange," members,in joining it, or organisations in becoming federated to it, are not bound to agree with that object or to pledge themselves to pursue it. This, we are bound to say, out-Balfours Mr. BALFOUR ; and, if it is to be the " definite " attitude of the Labour Party, it would go far to cover it with the same kind of discredit as has recently been attached to the Conservative Party. Mr. SHACKLETON talked some plain sense on this subject to the Conference on Wednesday, and we hope the more sober of trade unionists who have hitherto refrained from asserting them- selves, will be encouraged by his example to mak3 their position plain. No party can be in a strong ' position with its own members, and still less in a strong position before the public, if its policy is to be the" definite "indefinite as interpreted by Mr. THORNE. The Labour Party, if we can say so with respect, seems at this moment to be peculiarly in need of strong leadership. Socialists of the middle-class who dream dreams, who are well versed in Socialist economics, but who are not in thought or habit of life at one with the real working-class, have to a large extent obtained control of the party and taken the lead from the trade unionists proper. Now, the result of that, if it goes far, will be for years to come to make the movement a kind of academic bogy, academic because it will be given over to quite unfertile declarations of theory and ultimate policy, and a bogy because these declarations will admirably suit the purpose of Conservative or Protectionist politicians seeking to make a re-action.

That is what thinking politicians of the working- class have to consider very carefully at this moment. The Socialists may have their triumphs at the Conferences ; there may be great scenes of cheering and congratulation at the progress which the cause is making, and all kinds of uncom- promising doctrines may be affirmed. But their movement on these lines will be, for all practical purposes, as academic as if it were conducted by dons from University common-rooms. It will, indeed, be worse than academic, for while they are talking about the Socialisation of the means of production and distribution, their party will have lost its strength in Parliament, the House of Lords will have triumphed for another generation, the tariff will have been fastened on the back of the working-class, and all the detailed schemes of social reform which might have been forwarded by a little concentrAted I effort will have lost their chance and have gone by the board. We will put aside the words Socialism and Individualism, and say simply that the move- ment will have passed fronaractical hard work at the daily problem into rheditic and theory. That has been the catastrophe of Continental Socialism, and we may see its results at the present moment in Germany, where the Socialists, having killed the Liberal Government, have for years been unable ,to make any impression on the Conservative ' forces. It is clear, even from the voting on Wednesday's resolution, that a large number of English Labour Members see this danger and wish to avoid it ; but what has happened this week should be a warning to them that they cannot stand idly by and allow events to drift out of their control.

The inquiry into the causes ELECTIONS IN of the defeat of. the Liberal RURAL candidate in Mid-Devon

DIVISIONS. continues to be pursued _ _

with a great deal of heat, and results in nothing but a bewildering variety of conclusions. The one thing that is indisputably clear is that no fault can he found with the candi. I date—no fault but one, at least, which is that he was not " the man on the spot " before it was known that a vacincy was likely to occur. With this exception, Mr. Romig BUXTON had every

===== 0002601_19080125_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Dense fog seems to be essential to Conservative success in Warrington by-elections. The Tories won both Latchford and St. Austin's Wards during a fog which was so dense that neither the light of heaven nor the light of truth could reach the embarrased voter.

* 0 The Solicitor-General for Scotland has accepted a ehallenge to debate Socialism with Mr. Bruce Glasier, the editor of "The Labour Leader." The discussion will take place at Annandale, and the arrangements will be made by the local branch of the Labour party. No date has yet been fixed for the debate. 1* * * Good health and good luck to Sergeant Evans on his retirement from the Police force after 27 years service ! Sergeant Evans was a courteous, efficient, and popular officer. He distinguished himself by his organisation of the annual police sports and it is gratifying to learn that he will continue to give his services in this direction.

* * The Vicar of Leamington he Rev. W. A. Buck), writing on the visit of the Mayor and Corporation to the parish church in his Parish Magazine, says :—"So long at least as the Church of England is the national and established Church, there can be no doubt at all as to the proper church for such an official service." Yet there are some Church Defence quibblers who deny that their Church is established at all. * * * On his homeward trip by tramcar a tired business man was much annoyed by the conduct of three middle-aged ladies who stood near him. All the seats in the car were occupied, but they seemed determined that he should offer one of them his seat. He screened himself behind his paper and listened to plainly, audible remarks about the decline of gallantry in the present age. This grated on his nerves, so he rose, and with a profound bow, addressed the three : " Will the eldest of you ladies honour me by acceptins my place ? " Whereupon they became interested in the advertisements over the windows, and the man triumphantly resumed his seat. Tre irgalilt4 ** * Bargaining by the brewers is once more in the air,and at the private meeting of magistrates yesterday an offer by Messrs. Greenall and Co. to give up two off- licences in exchange for the transfer of the licence of the Bridge Inn (which will presumably have to come down for improvements) to Gorsey-lane, was con- sidered but, by no means favourably. Needless to say there will be tremendous opposition to the granting of a new licence in Gorsey-lane district, which contains the new Beamont School. Some of the temperance bodies have already passed resolutions of protest, and the magistrates will be bound to proceed very cautiously in the matter. The desire of the brewers to exploit a large and growing 1 1 district is understandable, but their aim is not on all fours with the best interests of the public. * * * It is believed that Mr. Arthur Henderson will be the new leader of the Labour party in the House of Commons.Mr.Shackleton has announced that he would not accept the position and he would be still less likely to take it after the vote of Wednesday. Mr. Ramsay Macdonald prefers the unobtrusive position of secretary to the party, and Mr. Barnes, whose name was also mentioned, is not in good health. So for as a Labour member can be called moderate (says the London Correspondent of the "Liverpool Post and Mercury ") Mr. Henderson deserves the description, but, of course, he will have to voice the claims and demands of his party. He is himself a man of good sense—a Radical, in fact, gone slightly wrong —and I have no doubt he will exert himself to prevent his party from pursuing wild and erratic courses. The worst thing about cycicism is its truth.- 312.:7)zer.

Every man is a consumer, and ought to be a producer—Emerson. Of all things that we waste, time is the most precious.—Theophrastus. A little contradiction animates conversation ; this is why the courts are so dull. —Carmen Sylea. There are people who can do all the fine heroic things save one : keep from telling their unhappiness to the unhappy.—Mark Twain. You may lead an ass to knowledge —but you cannot make him think.—Muraford. A man is rich according to what he is, not accord- ing to what he has. —Beecher. Happy are they who hear their own detractions•and can put them to the mending. —Shakespeare. If men should rise from the dead and read their epitaphs many would think they had got into the wrong grave.—Fla eel. * * * " Woe to the wretch who fails to rear

At this dread sign the ready spear !" This is the motto of the Scottish Nationalists, a copy of whose journal "The Fiery Cross" has reached us. It seems odd, and not a little amusing, to read nowadays of the efforts of a Jacobite organisa- tion to supplant our "present de facto monarch " with a representative of the House of Stuart. Yet there are apparently a number of proud Scotchmen who " as true Loyalists . . . advocate the restoration of our ancient legitimate and hereditary Stuart family, now lineally represented by 11.R.H. the Princess of Bavaria, whose legitimate title is Queen Mary 111. of Scotland and Great Britain and IV. of England, France and Ireland." Among minor demands by these perfervid Scots are the " restoration of our national parliament (the Three Estates) of which our nation was defrauded by an illegal Convention in 1700," and the elimination of " St. George and the Dragon "from the British coinage, " as it is a gross breach of international rights and courtesy, and implies the unwarrantable subjection to England of the sister nationalities of Scotland and Ireland." All this makes one fe-3I quite a usurp,‘r and oppressor. We hope no" wietcla " will " raise the ready spear ' ' round here or, as Mark Twain would say, it will go hard with him !

===== 0002601_19080125_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The annual congregational tea party in connection with the Cairo-street Unitarian Chapel will be held on Monday next, when tea will be on the tables at 6.30. Under the auspices of the Education Committee of the Co-operative Society, a grand miscellaneous concert will be given in the Parish Room, Latchford, on Thursday next by the Co-operative Male Voice Choir.

A grand evening concert in aid of the Infirmary will be given by Mrs. W. B. Roberts's Ladies Orchestra and other .rtistes in the Parr Hall, on Saturday February 22nd. In connection with the Pan-Anglican Conference, a public meeting will be held in the Parr Hall on Thursday February (sth. A juvenile ball in aid of the fund for the purpose of foundin a children's cot in the Warrington Infirmary Extension will be held in the Parr Hall on February 13th from 7 to 11 p.m. Crosfield's band will play for dancing. Full particulars advertised. LINSEED COMPOUND 'of 40 years' proven efficacy for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles.--Advt. Illness of Mr. W. El. Houghton.

We regret to hear that Mr. W. D. Houghton, of the firm of Messrs. W. D. Houghton and Sons, Sankey Bridges, had a paralytic seizure on Monday at his residence in Colwyn Bay. Since then he has pro- gressed as favourably as could be expected. Big Temperance Meeting. A great mass meeting in favour of local option is announced to take place in Parr Hall on Wednesday, February 19th, when the speakers will include Mr. T. H. Sloane, MP. (Belfast), Mr. John Ward, M.P. (Hanley), Captain Richard Rigg, M.A., Canon Hicks, M.A. (Manchester). The chair will be occupied by Mr. James Dodds. Women's Suffrage. A big demonstration in favour of Women's Suffrage was held in the Queen's Hall, London, last night under the auspices of the Women's Liberal Federation. The meeting was addressed entirely by ladies, and the following telegram was sent to the meeting on behalf of the Warrington Association by Mrs. E. Osborne (hon. se3retary) : " Warrington Women's Liberal Association heartily supports Women's Suffrage and wishes demonstration every success." The Presentation to Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Crosfield The presentation to the Borough Member and his wife, subscribed to by all sections of the Liberal party in Warrington, will be made at a great Liberal demonstration in Parr Hall, on Wednesday February sth. Mr. C. E. Parker will preside and Mrs. Parker will make the presentation. A grand concert will follow, the artistes being Miss Alice Woodland (soprano), Miss Lily Fairhurst (contralto), Mr. Harris (bass), Mr. J. Rabbit (tenor), the Lyric Prize Quartet, and the Co-operative Glee Party. Mr. J. Forster will be the accompanist. " Under the Red Robe." Commencing on Monday, February 10th, and during the week, the Warrington Dramatic Society will present Mr. Stanley Weyman's romantic play "Under the Red Robe." Some fascinating performances should result, and the public is promised special scenery and appointments. The proceeds will be devoted to the Infirmary Extension Fund and the Children's Summer Camp Fund. It is worthy of note that the Society has, during its distinguished career, raised over £2,000 for local charities. The plan for seats for the coming performances opens at Mr. H. M. Ashton's 63, Sankey-street, on February Ist, at 11 a.m.

LINSEED COMPOUND,' Trade Maik of Kay Compound Essence of Linseed for Coughs & Colds.--Aav Neglect of Children. John and Bridget M`Coy, 3. Hopwood-street, were charged at the Warrington Borough Court, on Thurs- day, with neglecting their two children.-11r. Arthur Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., and the evidence showed that Inspector Cox had repeatedly warned the prisoners, who were of drunken habits, about neglecting their children. The neglect had reached such a pitch, however, that it was impossible to allow it to go any further, because the children were absolutely starved. On Tuesday Inspector Cox ; visited the house and found the two children huddled , I together on a filthy straw mattress. They were dirty and ravenously hungry, and an order was made for them to go to the Workhonse. The prisoners could 1 not be found on that day. At the Workhouse the children were given some bread and milk, which they I eagerly devoured. The male prisoner was lazy and ' would not work, and there was no doubt that unless • some action had been taken the children would have ,- been starved to death. The woman was worse than the man. Each prisoner was sent to gaol for three months with hard labour.

STREAKY BACON 6d. per lb. at AsHLEY's.—Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK VOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Promenade Concert.

A successful promenade concert, arranged by Mr. Levi Richardson, was held in the Conservative Club Assembly Room on Wednesday evening. There was a • large attendance and the programme met with cordial appreciation. The chief item was a song cycle "The Sunbonnet " (Lohr) in which the vocalists were Miss M. P. Rigbv,Miss Avico Beswick,Mr.Levi Richardson, and Mr. Harry Davis, with Mr. George S. Webb (St. Michael's, Liverpool) as accompanist. This song cycle is a very bright and pleasing work and its interpretation was thoroughly adequate. Miss Lena Duckworth sang " The merrie month of May" (Newton) very greditably. The part songs "The Lassie of Arranteenie " (IV. 8. Roddie) by Miss Rigby, Miss Beswick, Mr. T. E. Knowles and Mr. Wilfred Rigby, and " Moonlight " (John 11. L. Glover) by Miss Duckworth, Miss Besvrick, Mr. T. E. Knowles and Mr. Rigby proved popular features. Mr. Levi Richardson fully maintained his high reputa- tion in " Lend me your aid " (Gounod), and responded to a hearty encore with " I'll sing to thee of Araby" (Clay.) Miss Rigby sang " Spring is here " Wick) with pleasing effect and Mr. Harry Davis was heard to great -advantage in " The little Irish girl " (Lohr) and " Song of the Day" (Aylward). Mr. J. Jordan created great merriment with some capital humorous songs. Mr. Hugh Mellor was an able accompanist. During the intervals Mr. T. Boothroyd gave some admirable gramophone selections. WHITE•TOASTING CHEESE 6d. lb. at ASHLEY'S.— Adv

-•--- LINSEED COAPOUND' for Coughs and Colds. Of proven efficacy. Of Chemists.—Advt. Wedding at Thelwall. . _

All Satin& Church, Thelwall, was the scene of a pretty wedding on Tuesday afternoon when Dr. James Hay Shepherd, of Aysgarth, second son of the late Mr. George Shepherd, of Shethin, Tarves, Aberdeen- shire was married to Miss Cecilia Dorathea Morris, only daughter of the late Rev. E, S. Morris, of York, and of Mrs. Morris of Sling,aby, York. The chancel of the church was beautifully decorated with flowers. The service, which was choral, Was conducted by the Rev. A. S. Brooke, rector of Slingsby, York, assisted by the Rev. T. Pyrn Williamson, vicar of ThelwalL The bride was given away by her cousin Mr. W. Peter Rylands. She was charmingly attired in soft ivory satin, trimmed with Honiton and Carrickmacross lace, and her bouquet was composed of lilies of the valley, tulips, and lilac. Ths bridesmaid was Miss Amy Shepherd, sister of the bridegroom, who wore a dress of biscuit-coloured eolienne, trimmed with green velvet, with a green hat to match, and carried a bouquet of pink carnations. Dr. H. Leith Murray, of Liverpool acted as best man. Mr. W. B. Cook was at the organ. After the ceremony Miss Morris and Mrs. Rylands, aunts to the bride, were the co-hostesses at a reception held at Massey Hall. Later Dr. and Mrs. Shepherd departed for London to spend the honeymoon, the bride travelling in a green tailor made costume with hat to match.

EYESTRAIN. Arises from small unnoticed defects of focus, and causes Headache, Inflammation, Weak Eyes, Inability to stand the Light, Neuralgia, etc. GLASSES are the only cure, Glasses should only be worn after proper testing, otherwise the sight may be Permanently injured. JOHNSTON WATSON, EYE- SIGHT SPECIALIST, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. Low Charges- Satisfaction Guaranteed.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
•

LOCAL PARLIAMENT. -- Formation of Liberal Ministry. The newly formed Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society will get to business on Thursday evening next, when the first debate will be held in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street. The local Liberal party has made full preparations :for the wordy war- fare, and a strong Government will take up the reins of office. A large and enthusiastic meeting of Liberals was held at Atkinson's Cafe, Bridge-street, on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of electing a Premier and transacting other preliminary business. The Rev. W. Mellor, of Padgate, presided. On the motion of Mr. J. F. AWBERY, seconded by Mr. W. FCRNESS, it was resolved that the Liberal party take office. .

The next step was the election of Premier and the unanimous choice of the meeting fell upon Mr. John Upson who was elected on the proposition of Mr. W. Furness, seconded by Mr. E. England and supported by Mr. G. Walker. _

There is no doubt that Mr. Upson will fill his exalted office in a capable manner, for he is a ready speaker and all who have heard him on the Education Committee will acknowledge hialebating powers. The following Cabinet appointments have been made : Lord Chancellor : Councillor John Wilkinson. Foreign Minister : Mr. E. Wynne Jones. Home Secretary : Mr. G. Walker. Secretary for War : Mr. P. Peacock. Secretary for Ireland : Mr. J. F. Awbery. Chancellor of the Exchequer : Mr. E. England. President of the Local Government !bard : Mr. J Morton.

President of the Board of Trade : Mr. J. Jarman. First Lord of the Admiralty : Mr. J. Elwell. Colonial Secretary: Mr. W. Furness. Secretary for Scotland : Sherburn.

Postmaster General : Mr. W. Clegg. Whips : Mr. N. Cook, jun. and Mr. J. Howes, jun. We understand that at the first meeting of "Parliament "the King's Speeeh will be moved by Mr. Herbert W. Guest an I Mr. A. Freeman. It will include measures dealing with licensing reform, old- age pensions, education, land values, plural voting' nationalisation of railways and, probably, the Irish question.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 25, 1908.

on which he was once a humble cottager. Thornhill falling among thieves, tries to rob the place, but it is seen by little Gracie, whom they carry off to avoid her giving evidence, but they are tracked in their London den, where mother and child meet again, but the mother has been struck blind during her wild career and never sees her child's face again. laere is plenty of scope for strong acting and exciting scenes, whilst the humorous interludes are very amusing. Beside the names mentioned good support all round is rendered by Messrs. George Ntacklin, W. A. Tnours, Bert Ellis R. Thompson, Edward Hakes. W. Heron:ions. Misse Annie Lvthgoe, Annie E. Rose, and Dorothy King. Mr T. Howard Is stage manager, Mr. G. Macklin hi. assistant. Mr. J. Nforkland hon. treasurer, and Mr Oliver King, hon. secretary. -

EkRLESTOWN GROCERS ASSOCIATION. Last Thursday night the annual dinner and soiree of the above association took place in the Town Hall, Earlestown. The large hall had been very tastefully docorated for the occasion by the staff of Mr. E. T. Evans with flags, banners, and Japanese tapestries. 1 Mr. Sud worth's band discoursed sweet music after dinner and played for dancing later on very satisfactorily. The repast was served by Mr. G. S. King, Bridge-street, to which about 80 shopkeepers, with their wives, friends and assistants sat down. Amongst the visitors were Mr. Sutcliffe (Manchester), Ar. McDonnell, Mr. Jones (Thomas &Co., Liverpool),Mr. Urmson (Cros- field's Warrington), &c. After dinner a short concert took place Misses Barr and Grissold sang "In the tusk of the twilight" very nicely, and the former also joined Mr. J. Molyneux in a capital rendering of " Excelsior." Mr. Molyneux sang "My old shako " and "My queen beloved "very effectively. Miss Barr contributed " Needles and pins," and Miss Grissold "Song of the Muleteer," both items being well received. The humourist was Mr. Teddy Whittle, who sang several items of a humourous natnre, and was generally encored. At nine o'clock dancing commenced and was kept up with vigour for several hours. The committee who made excellent arrangements were Messrs. E. Parkinson, T. Gregory, C. Holt, R. Molyneux, and E. A. ince (secretary), but the last-named was unfortun- ately absent owing to illness.

IMMO

-•

===== 0002601_19080125_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
! RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A RUNCORN LITIGATIO

On Thursday. before Mr. Justice Channell. in the Ring's Bench Division, Mr. Walter Ryde applied that the non-jury case of the Rnneorn Urban District Council v. The Runcorn Rural District Council might by consent of all parties, stand over and go to the bottom of the non-jury list, as the parties were negotiating for a settlement, and it WAS hoped that the court would be spared the trouble of hearing the ease. The case was adjourned accordingly.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUELTY TO A HORSE.

---- - "Charles Mainwaring, a young boatman, was snmmoned at Runcorn Petty Sessions on Vfonday for having cruelly illtreated a horse by thrashing it with a whip on the 16th inst. He pleaded guilty.—X police officer said he saw the defendant loading a horse which was attached to a boat on the canal, between Halton-road and Canal- street. He thrashed the horse with a whip very severely. There was no need for the thrashing becanse the horse was doing it work well. After being struck the horse became frenzied and reared and fell into the canal. He took the defendant to a man on the boat further along the canal, and asked him if he saw the defendant beat the horse. He said he had and told defendant some little time previously to leave the horse alone.—Defendant said the horse was too near the canal and he thrashed it for the purpose of getting it away.—Thomas Hill, horsekeeper at the stables, Top Locks, said the horse was an old one, but a good worker. Defendant had not had it long, and did not know its temper. It nould not have the whip. Witness saw the horse afterwards, and it was all right. It was not marked.—A fine of ss.was imposed.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
GIRL'S ALLEGED FORGERY.

; At Widnes on Monday, Mary Platt (18) of ;no fixed abode, but a native of Widnes, was charged with feloniously defrauding Mrs. Mary Roberts by I forging her signature and withdrawing .28 7s. Bd. from ; the bank belonging to Mrs. Roberts.—Superintendent Strickland said Mary Roberts was a married woman residing in Ash-row, Widnes. On August 18 Mrs. Roberts sent defendant to the bank to lodge some money, which made the total up to £6 7s. Bd. The bankbook was returned, and it was locked up in a box ,in complainant's bedroom. Some time in September the defendant and her sister went to Mrs. Roberts' house, and in October Mrs. Roberts went to look for the box and found it had been stolen, as well as £2 ss. in money. Platt was questioned about it, but she said she knew nothing of it. Defendant on October 1 went to the West Bank Post Office and signed a withdrawal notice for 21, and on each of the following dates—the 4th, 9th, 14th, 17th, and 22nd--41e drew £l, and the remaining 7s. Bd. on the 25th. Upon the complainant making inquiries, it was found that all her money in the bank had been withdrawn, and upon the withdrawal notices she identified the handwriting as that of Mary Platt. Platt and her sister absconded the next day, and Mary was apprehended in Blackburn. Upon being charged, she said "Our Edith made me do it. We went to the Post Office. She stayed outside while I got the money." The girl was remanded for a week.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. J. Spruce in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. T. Wight, J. B. Chadwick, S. Woodward, L. Bolton, J. Mvnekyme. C. Rovlance, W. Weir. J. Hallows, E. Britch, J. Stokes, H. Mawdsley, T. Guest, A. Broome, P. Booth, J. W. Timperley, T. Antwis, G. Pilling, A. R. Norman, J. L. Jones, J. Whitlow, E. Bretherton, and G. F. Ashton (clerk),T. Cook,W. R. De Prez and J. Pearson (releiving officers).

RECREATION FOR THE BOYS. Letters were read from certain estate a gents with regard to the application of the Board for a field to be used as a boys' recreation ground, and stating that the agents would give the matter consideration, and would do their best to obtain one.

_ ILLNESS OF THE MASTER. The Clerk said the members were no doubt aware that the Master of the Workhouse was unfortunately ill and he (the Clerk) thought some responsible person should fill the vacancy temporarily. He thought the boys' caretaker ( \lr. Boyce) was capable of the position. Mr, Woodward said he was very sorry to hear of the I condition of the master and he thought it would quite relieve the Cunnah family if some one was appointed. From inquiries that had been made it was found that the caretaker was quite capable of filling the position temporarily. Mr. Spruce, chairman of the House Committee, supported all that Mr. Woodward had said and moved that Mr. Boyce be brought before the board and questioned. (Hear, hear.) The caretaken was then sent for but was not available. He was appointed temporarily. TIIE TREAT POSTPONED. A letter had been received by the Visiting Committee from Miss Dutton stating that ttle Ladies Visiting , Committee desired that the treat which was to have taken place should be postponed till the master had recovered from his illness. ' The chairman thought it would be better to adjourn , the treat, and it was agreed to. RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. C. Roylance, E. Britch, J. Stokes, J. Whitlow. A. Broome, P. Booth, J. Bollin, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, T. Guest, S. Woodward. J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton9 J. Spruce, J. Hallows, W. Weir, J. B. Chadwick, T. Antwis, J. Mynekyme, J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), Dr. I Adams (medical officer of health), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors). I A letter was read from Mr. Walter Timmins, of , Runcorn stating that the work in connection with Norley , water supply, contract No. 2, was progressing satisfac- torily the total yardage of mains laid, including branches up to the 18th mat, was 8.662. The ' remainder of the pipes were on the ground and the contractor expected to complete the main laying before the end of the month. Mr. J. L. Jones moved that the inspector give a report on the matter at the next meeting. Mr. Roylance seconded and the motion was carried the inspector remarking that the matter required urgent consideration. A letter was received from Mr. C. L. Evans, Norton Estates Office, which ran :—Moore bwerage. Com- plaints have been made to me by one of the tenants of the amount of sewerage which is coming down his ditches from the houses at Moore. I should be glad if your Council will take the necessary steps to stop this pollution.—Tn a later letter Mr. Evans said the ditch belonged to a field in the occupation of Mr. Samuel Done and he would be glad to show it to an officer of the Council and ssk Mr. Done to be present. A small committee was appointed to interview Mr. Evans and Mr. Done. Mr. L. Bolton moved :—" That application be made to the Local Government Board for an Order investing the Rural District Council with urban powers under the Private Street Works Act, 1892, in respect of Victoria-road, Grappenhall." He said that the Chair- man could bear him ont that it was about time they I took some action in Ihe matter. I Mr. Roylance seconded and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

The man who drives the Royal Mail, The maid who carries the milking pail, The stockman on the cattle run, The sportsman with his dog ttnd gun, The watchman going his nightly round, The miner working underground, All make themselves from colds secure By using Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

,

amongst this number there were only eight of the " past " Sergeants. These were Messrs. J. Roberts WORKER S SUDDEN DEATH. (Warrington), A. Hardy (Manchester), R. Jackson Mr.Brighouse held on inquiry at Haydock on Monday 1 (Warri-ston), ex-Quartermaster Sergeants ; J. Rawlin- night into the death of Mordecai Norbury, aged fifty- son -sort), ex-Sergeant-Major of the boat Volun- five, of 290, Clipsley-lane, Haydock, who died on and now Quartermaster 4th Volunteer Friday morning whilst being removed from the Legh —non. ...he Cheshire Regiment, W. Butler (Prescott). Pit to the Haydock Hospital.—Mrs. Norbury, the and W. Crosby (Liverpool), ex-Colour Sergeants ; J widow, said her husband had always been a strong, Catchpole (Warrington), and A. Collins (Scunthorpe). healthy man, and followed his work regularly. He had ex-Sergeants. Quartermaster-Sergeant L. Duffy of the recently complained that his work was too heavy, and Ist Battalion in India, and who is at home on leave, was that he had some heavy pieces of wood to lift into the also present. The 2nd Battalion at Aldershot was repro- boxes. He always worked daring the night.— rhomas seated by Sergeant-Major J. Baines, Bandmaster A. Dearden, pit brow hand, said he worked during the Harris, Sergeants W. Wells and T. Webster. Sergeants night of Thursday with deceased. They had to put a J. Cullerton and J. Milligan who have been serving for ' lot of heavy timber into the boxes, and send it down some time past with the \Vest African Regiment, and the pit. About five o'clock on Friday morning he left who are at present on leave from the West Coast of 1 deceased and went to do some work at a little distance Africa, were also present. The remainder of away. When he returned he found deceased lying on the party included those serving at the Regimental , the ground and being attended by the under-manager, Depot and on the staff of the Ist and 2nd Volunteer Henry Norcross.—Amos Davies, a collier, said he went Battalions of the Regiment. Major Bundock, the to the pit top to put his tools in a tub when deceased officers for the Depot, and Captain Hume of the 2nd stumbled towards him, and made a gurgling sound in Battalion honoured the gathering by their attendance. 1 his throat. He caught Norbury in his own arms, and Sergeant Major W. Delmage occupied the chair and , they loosened his clothing, and the under-manager five local gentlemen, Messrs. F. Fieldhouse, J. Poole, attended to him as well as possible.—Dr. Unsworth, G. Anderton, J. E. Hannan and J. Draper were also of St. Helens, spoke to having made a post-mortem present. The band of the combined depots of the examination in the presence of Dr. Thompson for the King's and the South Lancashire Regiments, under colliery company, and Dr. Dowling for the relatives. Bandmaster C.lVainwright, gave a selected programme , Death was due to failure of a dilated and weakened of music and this, together with as excellent programme I heat.—The jury returned a verdict in accordance with of songs rendered by the gentlemen mentioned above, the medical ovidence. added very considerably to the pleasures of the evening. I The dinner was a very excellent one and great credit is EARLESTOWN DRAMATIC SOCIETY. due to Mr. J. Lee and his efficient staff for the able Commencing last Saturday night the local Amateur manner in which it was served. Dramatic Society presented at the Town Hall every Great efforts have been made to get into touch with i night this week (except Friday), a drama in four acts, 1 all those Warrant Officers and Sergeants who have left 1 entitled" Her one Great by Frank M. Thorne. the Regiment with a view to these annual re-unions I There are no very exceptional features in the play itself being a success and as a considerable number of them 1 I but it is pure, unabashed melodrama, in which the reside in the town or within easy distance of it, it is to'l wicked are, as usual, punished, and virtue stands out 11 be hoped that at all future gatherings there will be a triumphant at the finish, indeed before the finish, for I tlarger attendance. The officers of the regiment have , the villain is practically done for quite early in the all given the Club their support and a large number of play, and his last vain effort to burgle the family retired officers have also shown their interest in the mansion he once owned, is not strikingly clever from movement by giving financial assistance. The Corn- the strategical point of view. Briefly sketched the plot mittee trust that those in whose interests the Club was I shows Grace Warlmrst (Mrs. J. Naylor) to be the dis- first formed will follow the lead of the officers and satisfied wife of Ruben Warhurst (Mr. Travers), and give it their hearty support. I her one great sin is revealed as soon as the play opens. t She allows herself to be enticed away by a villain I named Thornhill (Mr. Tom Howard) who is fairly rich, but" goes the pace" in racing and gambling that soon scotches him. Mrs. Wartturst leaves her little invalid child (Miss Ethel lalliams) behind, and she with her poorer relations get turned out of their home, and try to earn a scanty living in London. In course of time a relative of Mr. Warburst leaves him a fortune, and he is able to buy the mansion and estate

1•• • de'. vote o. agents bt, "Os RAM at half the t. GARLAND, 51, B. New Century Pict, In the world of anim Carter's New Century Pictu. Their return visit t • Warrington welcomed. The performances have evening this week, and will concinu with matinees to-day and Saturday next. gramme is one of the best of its kind ever t. in Warrington, some of the most wonderft. up-to-date productions in animated photography be. shown. Perhaps the most beautiful picture in the programme is " A visit to Niagia Fa 11.," The m, :most pathetic picture is " The Cashier's Loyalty," Cir.. which shows how the cashier's home was sold up and all tilos, his attempted suicide after being accused of robbing the hegira. his employer, but is afterwards entirely cleared from reside blame. The customs of the people of West Africa are be hoped the thatto;i a, Most realistically shown in a picture entitled " Life ,larger attendance. 'a. and scenes in V est Africa." A most dramatic pro- all given the Club their a cluction is "A brother's sacrifice " whilst the most retired officers have also st, humorous one is "The recruit." Amongst other movement by giving tinanclt. items are " A night in dreamland," "Mystery of a mittee trust that those in whose . ,cab," "Accidents will happen," or "The new Cora- first formed will follow the lead Pensation Act," "Two youthful Ilackenschmidts," give it their hearty support. "Adventures of a street singer, " " The heavenly twins," " House breaking for love," and " The The man who drives the Royal Mail, m The maid who carries the milking pail, illiner's dream." The entertainment is organized The stockman on the cattle run, and directed by Mr. Francis D. Suaderland, and the The sportsman with his dog ttnd gun, acting-manager is Mr. John May who also sings The watchman going his nightly round, several solos with great effect. Those who wish to The miner working underground, Ih. spend a pleasant and profitable evening should not All make themselves front colds secure corn, fail to visit the Parr Hall. By using Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.. fortuna,

===== 0002601_19080125_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

A COMMON NIJISANCE.

Joseph 111`Naughton, aged twenty-three, who had a record of twenty-one convictions, was charged at St. Helens on Saturday, when it was stated that the previous night he was drunk and disorderly, and abused his father and mother. The Chief Constable said this youth was a rascal. He had been sentenced to six months imprisonment for unlawful wounding, but Ps soon as he got anything to drink he went to the house and kicked up a row. Ile was sentenced to twenty-eight days' imprisonment for drunkenness and ordered to find sureties for twelve months or serve another six months in default. Prisoner: That is rather too much ; it means altogether seven months imprisonment. The Chairman : You are a COlllO3Oll nuisance and disturbance to the whole place.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A ST. HELENS CAB SMASH. FUTILE CLAIM AGAINST THE TRAM COMPANY. 77. g

At St. Helens County Court on Wednesday, before his Honour Judge Shand, a claim for .£1.7 4s. 6d. damages was brought against the St. Helens Tramway Company by Hiss Mary Emma Wardlow, of Bury. The evidence was that on December 22nd, 190 G, plaintiff went from Bury to St. Helens with her sister and brother-in-law and two children. They took a cab to go to Boundary-road, and when they reached Church- street, opposite the entrance to the Parish Church, the cab was overturned by being run into by a tramcar. Heats, the driver, was thrown off and his thigh broken, and the occupants of the cab were hurt. Miss Wardlow had her clothing damaged, and when she returned to Bury she was attended by Dr. Vine. She was a dress- maker, but could not work for over three months. Thomas Kavanagh, Church-street, the driver of the tramcar, said his car at the time was not going more than two miles an hour. The accident was caused by the cabman suddenly jumping his cab across the street in front of the tram. Eight witnesses wore called to speak to the fact that the car was going very slowly, and that it pulled up quickly. Thomas Swift, a carter, said that the cab cut across in front of the tram, and he had to pull his horse on to the footpath out of the way of the cab.—The Judge decided that there was no negligence on the part of the company. He thought probably the accident was due to the rashness of tho cab driver. He gave judgment for defendants, with oats.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MISS WILLIS.

IMPRESSIVE SCENES AT THE FUNERAL.

There were impressive and touching scenes at the funeral of the late Miss Cicely d' Anyers Willis, only daughter of the Rev. Canon Willis, Rector of Warring- ton, and Mrs. Willis, which took place at the Cemetery on Monday afternoon. Within the venerable Parish Church a very large congregation gathered for the first part of the burial service which commenced at one o'clock. The assembly was made up of " all sorts and conditions "of people. Representatives of leading families who had come in their carriages, workingmen who had sacrificed part of their dinner hour to be present, school children, clergy—all united to pay a last tribute to the memory of one who was held in high esteem by everyone who knew her. The channel was beautiful with a large number of floral tributes which had been arranged in front of the choir stalls. The full choir of the church was in attendance and their devotional interpretation of the musical parts of the service added much to its dignity and emphasised that hopefulness which was the dominant note. When the coffin was borne into the church the choristers and clergy preceded it along the centre aisle, while the opening sentences were chanted to Troyt's setting. The service was conducted by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, the Rev. A. A. Markham (the recently- , appointed rector of Grimsby, and a former curate of the Parish Church), who recited the prayers, and the Rev. Canon Morley Stevenson, who read the lesson Psalm xxxix was beautifully sung to Reinagle's chant and the hymns were "Brief life is here our portion, "Jerusalem, my happy home" and " Praise my soul the King of Heaven,' the last-named to Goss's inspir- ing tune. Mr. F. M. Darby, Mus. Bac., was at the organ, and at the close or the service played Chopin's majestic Funeral March, followed by " 0 Rest in the Lord." At the head of the procession to the Cemetery walked a number of boy: and girls from the National and Fairfield schools, under the direction of Mr. G. Brciwn and Mrs. Stansfield. Immediately before the hearse came the choir and clergy. On the way from the Cemetery gates to the grave, the hymn "On the Resurrection morning "was sung. The last rites were conductad by the Rev. G. B. Thurston,Rector of Lyrum, and at the close the choir sang " Now the labourer's task is o'er" and the Nunc Dimittis to a setting by Stainer. The grave had been prettily lined with flowers and evergreens sent by the Hon. Mrs. Willis, Mr. and Mrs. Buckton, Miss Gray, and Miss Fairclough (Chester). The chief mourners were the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) and two sons—the Rev. F. E. d'A. Willis, rector of Uffington, Stamford, and Mr. Arthur Willis, of Calcutta • (Mr. Evelyn Willis, another son home from India, was unable to be present, as he was confined to the Rectory with influenza) Mr. Willis and the Edon. Mrs. Willis, lialsnead Park ; Miss Willis and Miss Cecilia Willis, Sandfleld, Hals- head, and Miss Alice Gray, Westbere, Kent (aunts) ; the Rev. H. P. Brown, Syston Rectory, and Mrs. Vernon (cousins) •, Mr. H. Beresford Melville, Dr. Langdale, Mr. and Mrs. Border and the maids from the Rectory. The clergy present were :—The Revs. Canon Steven- son, E. C. E. Carleton, G. B. Thurston, A. A. Markham, Hon. C. F. Cross, Jas. Davies, H. V. Pigot, W. Brace- camp, H. B. Firth, a. C. Briggs, W. Pollock-Hill, A. F. Whi te,G. W. Dickenson, T.A. J. Rid path T. W.Barber( who had been taking duty for the Rev. P. si. d'A. Willis at Uffington during the seek-end, and had been travelling since early morning in order to attend the funeral), G. A. Lejeune, H. A. Lester, G. Vale Owen, F. W. E. Chadwick, F. Howard Pitt (representing the Rev. C. C. Elam, Mr. H. Douglas Horsfall, and the congregation of St. Agnes's' Liverpool), A. Inglis, F. E. Evans, E. P. Wethered, and E. E. Peters. The church officers were represented by Messrs. S. Taylor (people's warden), E. Isherwood, R. W. Collin, IF. G. Taylor, R. W. Antwiss, Councillor Rogers, Coun- cillor Locker, and E. NV. Coates. The Training College was represented by, in addition to the Principal and Vice-Principal, Miss Ferrimau, Miss Timewell, Miss Bell (members of the staff), and twelve students.

There were also present :—Mr. Robert Pierpoint, Mr. Lister Kaye, Mr. H. Greenall, Colonel Buckton, Captain Osborne, Major Appleton, Captain Crosfield, Lieut. Owen, Alderman Bennett, Rev. F. Vaughan, Mr. Charles White, Mr. E. J. Hall, Captain Waring. Mr. VV. Scotson, Mr. F. Taylor, Mr. W. Taylor, Mr. Taylor, Mr. E. C. Cooper, Councillor Nield, Mr. Thorpe, Mr. W. H. L. Gorse, Mr. W. H. Stansfleld, Mr. E. Rose, Mr. R, Range, Mr. N. McQuire, Mr. F. J. Whittle, Mr. James Harding, Mr. W. Hodgkinson, Mr. J. H. J. Hampson. and a large number of ladies.

An immense number of wreaths were sent by sorrow- ing relatives and friends, among them being one from Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P., and Mrs. Crosfield, and others from various classes and church organizations with which the deceased lady was associated. The funeral arrangements were efficiently carried out by Messrs. W. Hodgkinson, Ltd. Pulpit references of a sympathetic nature were made at the Parish Church on Sunday morning by the Rev. T. A. .1. Ridpath, and in the evening by Canon Morley , Stevenson.

egimuhti,

===== 0002601_19080125_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
, ' Latchford Lady Wins £3OO. A Lifetime in Prison. Mrs. Jae°, wife of Dr. Jago, Lamorna, Latchford, John Shaw or Adam Turner appeared in the dock Las this week won 000 for a Limerick last line in at the Warrington Borough Court on Thursday on a one of the penny weekly papers. l charge of being found on the enclosed premises of Sir John Brunner. j Frederick Davies Demville, 481, Knutsford-road, at Sir John Brunner, NIT., hss resigned his Position 12.45 that morning. The Chief-constable said the as a Cheshire magistrate. He has taken an active prisoner had served between 30 and 40 years' Saturday penal part in licensing and other work in the county, but he servitude, and he asked fora remand until has just purchased the estate of Silverlande, Surrey, in order that the, necessary inquiries might be made. and this will be his home during part of the year. The remand was granted. MORE LIGHT AT LESS COST.—" OStanl " Electric MOUNTAIN FLAX (LINUM CATFIART(CUM) PILLS Lamps do this and more. Full details from the An agreeable aperient. Worth a trial. 9d.—Advt. local agent.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge-street, Wycliffe Young People's Society. Warrington.—Advt. The weekly meeting was held on Monday evening, Memorial Window. Mr. W. Brown presiding. Mr. Frei Wornersley read At the Liverpool Consistory Court on Wednesday a short paper on " Insect life and its structure.'' He the Vicar (the Rev. J. Roger Jones) aid the wardens had also on view his fine collection of butterflies and of St. Mary's Church, Great Sankey, asked permission moths (British). A pleasing feature of the meeting to remove the plain glass from a window at the west was the interest taken in objects shown under the end of the church, and to substitute a stained-glass microscopes, which were in charge bf Messrs. B. 'window illustrating scenes in the life of St. Paul. The Womerslev and Herbert Wallinaton. new window was intended as a memorial. of John Former Warrington Clergyman's Preferment. Dignum and his wife, Ellen Hatton Dienum deceased, The Rev. Joseph Llewellyn, who at one time was and the cost to be defrayed b 7 their son, Edward Digaum, of Toronto. The faculty was decreed. curate at St. Barnabas' Warrington, was on Tuesday . instituted end inducted to the living of Altcar. The Harry Lauder at Liverpool. Bishop of Liverpool in the course of an address said the Those of our readers who have not yet seen Harry new Vicar was by no means a novice, Mr. Llewellyn Lauder in pantomime should lose no opportunity of had served for twenty-two years as a curate —at St. seeing him in Cinderella at the Royal Court Theatre, John's, Pemberton ; at St. Barnabas', Warrington; Liverpool. He is on the stage, nearly the whole time and at Kirby —and now he had come to the higher and sings several songs in his inimitable style. The office of vicar. Wherever he had been in the past pantomime is a gorgeous one, and the leading ladies, God had blessed his labours, and He would do so Miss Iris Hoey, Miss Nancy Langtyre, and Miss Meg in ,eltcar if the people would give him their sympathy, Hamilton, are all charming.. their co-operation, and their prayers. 'COAGULINE,"KLINK,"TENASITINE.'--Cements REVOLUTION IN ELECTRIC LIGHT [NO.—" OSraM " for broken and other articles.—Advt. Electric Lamps reduce your current Bill one half. Supposed Burglar at Stockton Heath. —Agent: J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, War- Shortly after 7. a.m. on Wednesday, Mrs. Norman, rineten.—Advt. of the Bon Marche, Victoria Square, Stockton Heath, Choir Social. discovered a supposed burglar in the house. The The adult insmbers of the choir attached to the man jumped from a window when discovered, and Church of the Sacred Heart held their annual social at was SOOn arrested. It was then found that he had a the King's Cafe on Tuesday evening. A.bout GO severe wound in the chest, caused by a knife in his members and friends were present. The first part of pocket which penetrated his body when he jumped the programme was a whist drive, the following being from the window. The man, whose name is William the prize winners: Ladies, Miss Berke ; gentlemen, Peel, is now an inmate of the Warrington Infirmary. Mr. Thomas Whitfield. After the prizes were pre- Warrington Garden Suburbs, Limited sented, dancing was kept up with spirit until one It will be seen from the advertisement which appears o'clock. The Rev. Fathers Ryan and Crotty were in another column that an exhibition of the plans present during the whist drive. The accompanists which have been received in the competition for laying were Miss Burke and Mr. W. Ilardirnan. The arrange- out the above Company's estates at Great Sankey and ments were ably carried out by a committee composed Grappenhall will be opened at the Old Academy on of Messrs. J. Gibbins, G. Newton and G. Coggins. Monday next, at three o'clock, and will continue each Penny Popular Concerts. day during the week, from two o'clock until half past Bold-street school was filled to overflowing on nine, except on Tueaday when the exhibition will close Saturday evening when the concert was presided over at six. We undertgnd that the result of the competi- by the Rev. J. Manning, Lot mar minister of the tion will be publicly announced on Monday, and that church. The Chairmen who was mainly instrumental full particulars of the company's proposals may be in commencing the concerts, said he was pleased that obtained at the exhibition or from the secretary, they were still being carried on successfully. The (Alderman Bennett). concert was well-sustained and reflected great credit Retirement of Police-Sergeant Evans. on the artistes. Songs were given in excellent style After serving 27 years and three months in the by Miss Marie Houghton, Miss Violet Brown and Mr. Warrington County Borough Police Force, Sergeant J. Corrin. Miss Gertrude Maddock proved herself an Evans retires on a full pension. He has served under able elocutionist. Mr. D. Johnson (Widnes) and three Chief Constables, and during his service he has Master Lawton kept the audience in high glee with witnessed many alterations in the local police force. their humorous songs. The accompanists were Miss He has an extensive knowledge of the town in general, Annie Houghton and Mr. J. Brough. , which enabled him to perform his duty successfully. ' LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs, Colds, and In 1895, mainly through his exertions, an athletic club Bronchial troubles. eld. Sr, ITh. Of Chemists.—Advt was instituted affording the members of the force a Wycliffe P.S.A. healthy form of recreation. Sports are held annually There was a good attendance at the meeting of the in aid of local charities, and are among the finest mid- Wycliffe Society on Sunday, Mr. C. Cotton presiding. week sports in England. The local charities have Mr. Bri'milow, of Tyldesley, gave an address upon benefited to the extent of about .£6OO. Sergeant "Temptation." Christ was, he said, human, and as Evans has 'treed as Secretary to the club and sports, such was tempted,but Her dlisted all temptations,which executing those duties in an admirable manner. We were many and severe. He exhorted His followers hope he may live long to enjoy his well-earned pension, to watch and pray, so that they could and would and that his presence and assistanoe will be available overcome when tempted. Temptation served a good at the annual police sports for a long time to come. purpose, however, as it reminded them of their weak- PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER. THE CLOCK FOR BEST nese. At the close of the meeting the President BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. (Rev. 3. Yonge) expressed his own sorrow, as well as Board of Guardians. that of everyone present at the great trouble, the A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians Rector and his family were now passing through, and was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the he moved that a vote of sympathy and condolence be presidency of Mr W. Houghton. There were alai sent to the Rector. Mr. Beswick seconded, Mr. present :—Rey. T. R. Matthews, Rev. M. Ryan, Airs. Farrar supported and the brethren showed their l Simpson, Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Wilkinson, Messrs. A. approval by standing in their places. J. Jolley, R. Forshaw, J. Evans, W. Gill, W. C. PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Brooks, IV. Furness, W. Flannagan, J. Backhouse, A. BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. , Brooks, R. Bolton J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. A wbery SPLENDID Berrea is. lb.—AsaLee's.Sankey s --Met, (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of the " The Cause of Poverty." Cottage Homes).—A vote of condolence was passed The above question was discussed the other day by with the family of the late Mr. James Wright,assistant debating teams representing the Catholic Young lien's rerseer, of Cuerdley, several members speaking in Societies of Our Lady Immaculate, Liverpool, and atels terms of his work.—The Chairman and Vice- Warrington. The discussion took place in•the rooms Chairman were deputed to represent the Board at the of the former Society. The Liverpool team took up Central Poor LOW Conference to be held in London in F the attitude that drink was the chief factor in the ebruary.—The Clerk reported that he had received problem an quoted statistics o showe working dtthat the 2onr applications for the post of non-resident medical classes by contributing such a huge pr portion of the offiFer and four for the appointment of deputy and National Drink Bill brought poverty upon themselves resident medical officer. The last day for receiving not only directly but indirectly through reducing their applications would be Friday.—lt was decided that own productive spending power. Another argument the applications be referred to the House Committee, brought forward was that drink was the principal who will select the candidates to appear before the cause of crime, insanity, &c., and that if drink were Board. non-existent then the sum thus saved on the rnainten - Shorthand Writers' Association. once of prisons, asylums, &c., would be sufficient to The usual weekly meeting took place on Wednesday remove poverty from our midst. The Warrington at the Winrnarleigh Cafe. After speed practice, a team, in reply, said that drink was the result, rather lecture was delivered by Mr. A. N. Legge, FIRS., on than the cause, of poverty, and alleged that the only 'A Peep into Belgium —lmpressions. ' The subject solution of the problem lay in the proper adjustment was handled with great ability, and the descriptions of our present economic system which permitted the of the manners and customs of the people, the grandeur amassing of great riches at the expense of the poor. of the buildings both externally and internally, and Fluctuations in trade, the de-population of our rural the magnificence of the many and various works of districts, the housing problem, adjustments of our art contained in the Belgian towns, aroused deep system of taxation, were all important points to be interest. Even Rome itself, it is said, can scarcely taken into consideration. The Warringtonians argued boast of mere works of art than Antwerp. Brussels that even in countries where Temperance prevailed, also is a very beautiful city, with wide and spacious poverty still existed, and that until the social problems streets, and public buildings the architectural beauties were attended to, it would be useless to expect that of which are beyond description. The battle-field of drink and its evils would be to any great extent Waterloo was described by the lecturer, the various reduced. An interesting and instructive discussioa points of vantage being illustrated on the blackboard. ended in the adjudicators giving the award to the iThe whole lecture was not only interesting hut very Warrington team, which was composed of Messrs. H. instructive. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Rigby, A. Kilburn, W.Kilduff, W. Rigby and J. Black. Mr. Legge, and the meeting terminated. Next 'LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs and Colds Wednesday Mr. E. S. A. Robson, M. Sc.. is to favour Relieves Asthma and difficult breathing.—Advt. the Association with a lecture on" The Higher Educa- tion of Warrington," and all interested are cordially invited to attend. • ..... — For PURE PORK SAUSAGES try ASIILEY'S.—Advt. , Hope Collecting Society. ' The annual general meeting of the above Society, formerly known as the Druids' Family Funeral Fund, , susS held on Friday evening last in the Druids Rall, Sankey-street, there being a very gloat ' attendance of members Owing to indisposi- tion the President was unable to be present and toe chair was taken by Mr. Joseph Jackson. The Secretary, MeWilliam Bibby, in giving the statement of accounts and balance sheet referred at some length to the steady progress made by the society during the past year. ,For although having paid the expenses incurred by registration they had added a fair sum to their already substantial capital. The Society was registered under the Friendly Societies Act as the Hope Collecting Society on the Bth May last and is now in a position to transact all kinds of assurance business. hoped to make rapidid progress daring this next Mr. \V. Holden in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet congratulated the Committee of Management upon the success achieved during the past year and trusted they would do even better during next year. The motion was unanimously adopted. Mr. Joseph Jackson was unanimously elected Presi- dent and Mr. Thomas Starkey the Vice-President. A vote of thanks to the retiring President, officials and agents brought the meeting to a close. • " OSRAM " ELECTRIC Laws.—Double the light at half the cost. See Windows.—Agent : J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. New Century Pictures at Parr Hall. In the world of animated photography, Sidney Carter's New Century Pictures hold a foremost place. Their return visit t , Warrington has been cordially welcomed. The performances have been given every evening this week, and will concinue another week with matinees to-day and Saturday next. The pro- gramme is one of the best of its kind ever presented in Warrington, some of the most wonderful and up-to-date productions in animated photography being shown. Perhaps the most beautiful picture in the programme is " A visit to Niagia Falls," The most pathetic picture is " The Cashier's Loyalty," which shows how the cashier's home was sold up and his attempted suicide after being accused of robbing his employer, but is afterwards entirely cleared from blame. The customs of the people of West Africa are Most realisticalli shown in a picture entitled " Life and scenes in 11 eat Africa." A most dramatic pro- duction is " A brother's sacrifice " whilst the most humorous one is "The recruit." Amongst other items are " A. night in dreamland," "Mystery of a ,cab," " Accidents will happen," or "The new Com- pensation Act," "Two youthful Hackenschmidts," "Adventures of a street singer," " The heavenly twins," " House breaking for love," and " The milliner's dream." The entertainment is organized and directed by Mr. Francis D. Suaderland, and the acting-manager is Mr. John May who also sings several solos with great effect. Those who wish to spend a pleasant and profitable evening should not fail to visit the Parr Hall.

I

I

11

I

I

A

•

k i

that only a very few of the former give rr'the Club their support by attending these annual functions. On this occasion about 50 members were present. and

oversee) high

===== 0002601_19080125_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. '

===== 0002601_19080125_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
cington), c (Stockport; 4. Tney I tear Battalion a next year Battalion. The I

. • , . - .•. .

===== 0002601_19080125_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT.

Annual Dinner.

The third annual dinner of the Warrant Officers' and Sergeants' (past and present), of this Regiment, took place at the Lion Hotel, Warrington, on Saturday last. The Dinner Club, which was formed in 1905 to enable those who have left the regiment to have an oppor- tunity to keep in touch with those still serving, has now about 250 members, but it is a matter of regret

===== 0002601_19080125_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
w44N4000=f,-

===== 0002601_19080125_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSING MATTERS. IMPORTANT MEETING OF JUSTICES.

The Bridge Inn. An important meeting of magistrates was held at the Police Station yesterday afternoon under the presidency of Mr. John Fairclough. The business included the appointment of the Licensing Committee. Last year the whole of the magistrates took upon themselves the functions of the Committee but yester- day it was decided to revert to the old custom of having a special committee. The following were, appointed to constitute the Licensing Committee : The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) Alderman Tinnion, councillor Wilkinson, Dr. Fox, Messrs. John Fair- Clough, Henry Roberts, J. W. Hayward, C. Jackson Holmes, John Maginn, S. Wright and W. Richardson. Mr. J. J. Firth, -Police Court Missionary, 19, Forest street, Latchford, was appointed probationer officer under the Probation of Offenders Act 1907. _ _

The magistrates have recently had under considera- tion the redundancy of off-licences in the Whitecross and Latchford Wards, and yesterday they were asked to meet for the purpose of receiving from the owners or their representatives personally the result of their conference amongst themselves. It was, we hear, suggested by a sub-committee that the nine off-licences in these districts should be reduced by two. There was considerable discussion, and we understand the outcome was that the Chief Constable has to notify numerous off-licence holders that their licences will be objected to at the Licensing Sessions on February 7th. It is stated that there was an offer from Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., to surrender two off- licences if the Bench would allow the licence of the Bridge Inn to be transferred to Gorsey Lane. We year, however,that the magistrates were not favourably impressed with the proposal. The matter will come up for decision at the Licensing Sessions.

'

===== 0002601_19080125_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
u PALACE.AND HIPPODROME.

Mirth and Melody.

Mirth and melody are foremost in the admirable programme which the enterprising management of this theatre present to their patrons this week. The !entertainment is as lively and interesting as anyone could desire, and is full of that variety which is said to be "the spice of life." It would be impossible not to be amused by that pantomimical absurdity " Neighours," which is performed by Albert and Edmund's Comedy Troupe. Uproarious fun reigns supreme, for the artistes enter into their parts with zest, and the sketch goes right merrily from beginning to end, All the ludicrous situations arise from the fact that some highly genteel people have removed to a cosy dwelling in what they think is an eminently respectable quarter, and they are horrified to find that their next door neighbours are of the most disreputable class. They soon come into collision, and life to the superior folk is for a time almost unbearable. The musical part of the programme is exceptionally pleasing. M.tvis Mavis delights all with her choice selections on the" glassophone ' or musical glasses, and proves herself to be an expert. She also plays " Sings me to sleep " on the glasses with her right hand, accompanying herself on the piano with the left, and another of her accomplishments is to play a selection in perfect harmony on the piano with the right hand alone whilst fanning herself with the left. Wilman also gives a capital instrumental turn. He plays the well-known " Post Horn Gallop " on the post horn in spirited style and further demonstrates his skill on several other instruments. The Satanello trio, sensational acrobatic dancers, are very popular in their clever and original turn and Amos Howard is a splendid coon singer and sand dancer. Wake and Dean, the argumentative pair, create merriment with their capital songs and patter. The animated pictures are, as usual,quite up-to date, a very interesting series depicting the " Abduction by Pirates" while "The veiled beauty" is most laughable. Wild )p and his orchestra do justice to some capital selections.

OW~

===== 0002601_19080125_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WYGLIFFE CHURCH.

Annual Congregational Gathering. Success attended the annual congregational gathering in connection with Wycliffe Congregational Church, which was.held in the Memorial Buildings, Edgeworth- street, on Thursday evening. Admirable arrangements had been made by a committee with Mr. Edward Wallington at the head and a thoroughly enjoyable evening was the result. The room was very tastefully decorated with plants, fans and curtains, and presented a bright and inviting appearance. About 220 sat down to tea, the catering of Atkinson's Cafe's, Ltd., giving every satisfaction. The following ladies presided at the tables :—Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Slack, Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Brooks, Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Haigh, Mrs. Witts, Mrs. Worneraley, Mrs. Berry, Mrs. W. H. Wallington, Miss Brown and Miss Williams. Tea was followed by an entertainment, the Rev. John,Yonge presiding. A most interesting programme was submitted, every item giving much pleasure. The ladies of the choir sang the part songs" Venetian Festa "and " The Minnesingers" with good effect and were warmly applauded. Mrs. G. W. Brooks was heard to distinct advantage in " Roses " and Miss M. Atkinson gave a creditable interpretation of " The fifes of June.' Miss Griffiths sweetly sang " Spirit of Spring" and Miss A. Wallington's expressive 'vocalisation of "Sleep baby sleep "proved a pleasing feature. Miss J. Armstrong delighted the audience with " The Raft" in which her rich voice had good scope. Mr. W. J. Barnes scored a success with " Down the Vale " and Mr. W. H. Wallington was encored for the delightful way in which he sang " The old black mare." Another very acceptable song was " Thora " by Mr. F. Brown and Mr. A. Griffiths gave the ever- popular " Mary of Argyle " in his best style. Mr. B. 'fibbed possesses a powerful bass voice which he used with good effect in " Rock'd in the cradle of the deep." Master R. Atkinson gained cordial rounds of applause with his musical recitation " The 1P69 express " and the readings of Miss Beswick, Miss Corney and Mr. H. H. Ashton were highly enter- taining. A pianoforte duet was well executed by the Misses Slack and Bateman. Mrs. Ilavionr displayed taste and skill in her violin solo "Reverie' and a violin duet by Messrs. T. F. and H. Wallington was exceed- ingly creditable. Mr. T. Ford had the honour of a recall for an excellent concertina solo " Air with variations." .Ir. W. H. Payton, Mrs. Bac., ably dis- charged the duties of accompanist. Durine an interval fruit was served. In a brief address the Pastor called attention to the sale of work which is to be held in April or May and announced that there would be a series of competitions which would be of special interest to the young people. Those desiring particulars were asked to communicate with Miss Walker, High Bank, Fairfield-toad, Latchford. The artistes and workers were cordially thanked on the proposition of Mr. Cavil seconded by Mr. a J. Brown.

THE VOICE OF LABOUR. Edited by John Workman. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Oifice, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week. Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column.

THE TRADES COUNCIL AND ITS CRITICS

There appear to be some differences of opinion as to the aims, ideals and possibilities of the Trades Council and I would suggest that the Secretary of the Trades Council, Councillor Stott, and the Secretary of the L R.C. should state their case, and that "Onlooker," "Spectator "and "Trades Unionist "—all of whom by the way are genuine Trades Unionists, and are not, as was suggested by one writer, "three in one " —should have an opportunity of replying. I have always contended that a properly-conducted Trades Council is a very useful institution, and I should like to see a strong body in Warrinszton with broad ideals. lam afraid that too much time is often wasted in endeavouring to find out points of difference instead of attempting a common platform on which honest, intelligent fellow workers may stand side by side speaking and voting for the good of all. Incidentally, I would like all correspondents to note that a non-de-pludne is adopted in this column for purposes other than abuse, and that those who do sign their names must treat those who do not with the same courtesy and respect as they themselves expect.

H

===== 0002601_19080125_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
emE

JOHN WORKJIAN.

POVERTY AND 8008.

There are many authors of to-day whose writings are interesting to a reasonably quick mini, and there are some whose charm and power command attention and give delight. But there are not many who com- bine both literary skill and clear gripping fact in such a manner as to gain the attention of the ordinary working man by implanting practical suggestions in new forms and, vesture. Eminent among such writers is H. G. Wells, whose small .11. book on the " Misery of Boots " should be read and read again by every social and industrial reformer. His knowledge of the subject is chiefly due to the fact that the greater part of his childhood was spent in an underground kitchen the window opening on a bricked-in space covered by a grating. So, looking upwards by compulsion of his circumstances, he became acquainted not with the heads and bodies of people, but with their boot soles. The varied types of men and women were represented to him by their style of footwear, and the condition of , same. As he quaintly says : - " Only subsequently, 1 and with, care have I fitted heads, bodies, and legs to ' these pediments." He draws a vivid, sadly humorous picture of the troubles pertaining to cheap new boots, I both while they are new and then the further troubles, inconveniences, chafes, and general cussedness as the inevitable early deterioration sets it. He understands' why the poor town-dweller delighteth not in long sturdy country walks. Long tramps ! The boots would hurt. The bo its would not stand it. Cheap goods produced for profit instead of the real article produced for use and comfort !

" These miseries of boots are no more than a sample. The clothes people wear are no better than their boots ; and the house i they live in far worse. If one expanded the miseries of these things . . . . think of the results of poor, bad, unwise food."

If you my friend have ever tasted the dear delight (not solely feminine) of casting off old clothes, old boots, and replacing same with well made, well fitting garments of the real article, Cm n you not sympathise with his outburst against the idea that these miseries are part of some primordial curse from which there is no escape. The disproof of such an idea is patent. There are people, no more .deserving than others, who suffer from none of these ; things. You may feel you merit no better than to live so poorly and badly, but do Vie little children, the girls, the mass of decent bard-up people deserve no better fate ?

Time was when these despicable insufficiencies of a decent life were compulsory. There was not enough to go round. This cannot be said with truth now, since our produrtive capacity has gromn tremendously. Wherefore I propose to kick some lessons on boots into this column next week.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
LAZARUS. MUNICIPAL COAL SUPPLY. A " BURNING " QUESTION.

Sir,—l have read with much interest and above little amusement the Examiner's " Report of the discussion that took place ou Tuesday the 7th instant at the Warrington Town Council on the very important subject of a municipal coal supply. Allow me, Sir, to compliment Councillor Stott on the civic courage and bold initiative manifested by him when moving his resolution on that particular occasion. His pointed,forcible and concise remarks form a welcome contrast to the lengthy, yet timid and comparatively unprofitable speeches that, alas, so often fall from the lips of our " City Fathers." Councillor Stott conclusively proved, tn my mind, that our manufacturers and merchants, many of the municipal and national trading departments of this country, and even the domestic consumers would all receive direct and material benefits by the transference to public control of the colliery industry coupled with the retail sale and distribution of coal.

During the last decade, experience has most decisively proved that Corporations can, as a rule, supply a better gas at a lower price than private enterprise, whilst it is a generally admitted fact that the municipalisation (or public control) of water, baths, trams, electric power, parks, libraries, scavenging, sewage, etc., have all been socially beneficial, either from a commercial, hygienic, or intellectual standpoint.

What reasonable objection can then be urged against a still further extended application of the well-tested principle to thus include the distribution, ownership I and complete control of the coal supply? The Mayor (in opposing Councillor Stott's motion) stated that it was beyond the power of the Council to enter into the gigantic scheme proposed, which would involve them in an expenditure of millions of money ! Of course we all know that it is at present beyond , the power of any local governing body to place under ' public control the Coal Supply. The resolution in question (had it passed) wou3lcl have simply stated that, as the Council believed it would be advantageous to the community were powers granted to municipali- ties to undertake the supply of coal to their inhabitants they, (the Council) invited the co-operation of every Town and City Council in Great Britain, who, through the Association of Municipal Corporations could then jointly " urge the Government to pass legislation giving powers to Municipal Corporations to undertake the sale of coal and the purchase of coal mines." Even supposing (for tbe sake of argument) that this suggested extension of municipal enterprise would need an expenditure of'" millions of money," that does not appear to me a sound objection to the proposed scheme, if it can be demonstrated that such an outlay would be both a profitable and safe investment. ' I would here p )int out to Alderman Smethurst that , during the Boer War, the colliery proprietors of this country formed amongst themselves what is known as a "Ring ;" and mutually agreed to raise the selling price of coal, thus augmenting their private profits by no less a sum than £30,000,000 per annum, and thus indirectly increasing the cost of gas throughout the length and breadth of the land, also very seriously handicapping in the world's markets, our national industry and commerce, and shamefully fleecing the domestic consumers in every part of the United Kingdom. The present enhanced price of coal is largely due to the recent remission of the duty on " exported " fuel, which has given a great impetus to the ,forrign trade, and the coalowners; taking advantage of the exceptional demand, have raised the price to both Imperial and other consumers. " Coal was such a daily necessity of life" said Councillor Hawthorn, "that the question arose whether such an important commodity should be the sport of a comparatively few individuals.— Even wealthy Cor- porations like their own were powerless to prevent a manipulation of prices to the detriment of the rate- payers" The community have the remedy in their own hands and this resolution moved by Councillor Stott points to a solution of these evils and it is on these lines alone that the general public can be adequately safe- guarded against unscrupulous coal-owners' exorbitant demands

Alderman Tinnion in adding his quota to the con- troversy said " they were met that evening to discuss business matters and not debating society pious opinions " and also declared "the matter had not been brought forward in a business way, and that the

41

5

present was not the proper time to discuss the question." Not the proper time indeed! Good gracious! Then why has Alderman Tinnion, during his many years' service as a prominent public man, neglected to draw attention to this extremely important question in a basineBB way and at (what appeared to him) the proper thee ? Let us for a moment take into consideration the advantage that would be socially gained through the municipalisation of even the mere retail distribution of coal. I notice that a committee of the Corporation have recently accepted a tender for best house coal at 14s. Der ton and, said Councillor Stott. "the contract was for a cnnparatively small supply." At the same time there are hundreds of working-class families in Warrington who pay at least one shilling per hundredweight (20s. per ton) for h aise coal. There- fore if a Corporation Committee can purchase house , coal six shillings per ton cheaper than private house- holders, why should not the Council undertake to I supply the inhabitants with the same quality of fuel at a lower price than they (the citizens) now pay to the private traders, and all profits made in the trans- action be applied to the relief of the rates? Just permit me to deal briefly with the oration of another " practical business politician " to wit Coun- cillor Rogers, who innocently asked the following comic questions : " Who was going to compensate the men who made their living out of the coal trade to-day, the coal- dealers and hawke:s ? Were they to go to the Work- house ? "

Dear me, John. that is " rich," and Councillor Rogers during his recent election campaign actually posed as an experienced public representwive. Does Mr. Rogers really believe that the numerous Town and County Councils now running their own trams despatched to various Workhouses all tbe drivers and conductors employed by the private companies who had previously controlled the tram service within their respective areas ? Surely the worthy Conn cillor is not afraid that his colleagues in the Warrington Town Council would (in the case of the coal supply becoming municipalised) send to the work- house every experienced coal hawker and dealer in the district, and then engage men who were mere " novices " in the business to administer the municipal coal supply. Excuse me, John, perhaps this gentle- man fears that coal when municipalised will tlwreby gain some peculiar qualities of a distinctly self-dis- tributive character and would thus entirely abolish the demand for human labour in connection with the coal trade ! One never knows ! ru conclusion, Sir, may I earnestly appeal to every intelligent reader to loyally support the proposed agitation in favour of a municipal coal supply which will when obtained thus humanise the industrial conditions of all the workers in the colliery and allied trades, also secure to the coal consumers of every class a cheaper supply than they at present receive and replace the existing chaotic, overlapping customs with greatly improved methods of systematic distribution.

DEHOS.

JUNIOR LIBERALS. "The Life of William Lloyd Garrison." This was the subject of a paper delivered by Mr. C. E. Parser to the Junior Liberals assembled at Gregory's Cafii on Monday evening. Mr. 11. W. Gueet presided. There was a fair attendance. Mr. PARKER said ha had chosen to speak to them of the life of William Lloyd Garrison (the man whose name will ever be associated with the freeing of American slaves) for two reasons, first, because he (Mr. Parker) recognize I the hero in the man, and secondly because he thought they Lwow too little of the great moral evolutions in other lands. Sketching Mr. Garrison's career, Mr. Parker said that on his father's side he spring from English stock, aud upon his mother's from an Ir:sh family that hailed from Limerick, but both families hid been settled in the American Continent for two geuerations before the year (1S05) in which William Lloyd Garrison was born. The childhood of Garrison was one long struggle against poverty and he manfulfy did his part in earning the daily bread. After repe ited efforts to settle him in some trade he was, at the age of thirteen, apprenticed to Ephreim W. Allen, editor of the " Newburyport Herald." At the expiration of his apprenticeship he left Mr. Allen and at the early age of twenty-ono became the editor of a paper entitled the "Free Press." Mr. Pars,r related how in this cepacity Girrison was able to encourage the early poetical efforts of Whittier. The first iodication he (Vlr. Parker) found of Garrison's interest in the slavery question sees an editorial note which he inserted in the " Free Press " commend- ing his readers to a poem on " Africa " written by a young lady. In 1828 Garrison understook the editor- ship of the " National Philanthropist " in Boston, a paper devoted to the suppressiou of intemperance. He made a memorable and stirring indictment of the slavery system. In this address be said ;—" I acknowledge that, immediate and complete emancipation is not desired "and went on to say "no rational man cherishes so wild a vision." But when he came to reflect upon the matter, he sew that in taking that I position his feet were on shifting sand. So long as he I -granted slavery the right to exist for a single moment, if human beings could be justly held in bondage One hour, they could be for days and weeks and years, indefinitely from generation to generation; but that the only way to deal with the system was to lay the axe at the root of the tree and demand immediate and unconditional emancipation. This conviction forced itself upon his mind during the five or six weeks which elapsed between the delivery of his address and his departure from Baltimore, to join Lundy with whom he had agreed to become joict editor of a paper entitled " The Genius of Universal Emancipation," called for short " The Genius." It was well to note that the early opponents of American slavery looked upon immedi- ate emancipation as an impossibility and that Garrison was the first to proclaim it. During Garrison's stay in Baltimore he saw much of the horrors of the slave trade. Mr. Parker recounted how Garrison suffered imprison- ment on account of the vigour with which Lie prspaeated his anti-slavery campaign, how on his rele-ise he addressed meetings and subsequently started a new paper called " The Liberator " devoted to the cause. Mr. Parker continued : " You youne men, look at this young man of twenty-four years of age and measure yourselves by him. See the odds against him, Church, State, wealth, society and law. For this youth to set himself to accuse the religious leaders of being false teachers who were deceiving others as well SS them- selves, to propose to uproot a system upon which the wealth of the country greatly depended, to attack the rights of property involving two millions of stools and many millions of dollars, to sweep away the whole system of laws in twenty States of the Union which recognised ownership in human flesh---surely never did anyone set out on such an apparently forlorn hope. But no human being ever set his head to a task with such high hope and such firm faith its did William Lloyd Garrison when he resolved in his heart that by the help of God he would overthrow slavery in his native land." Garrison through the "Liberator," gave the slave monopoly and indeed the country no rest and he soon gathered around him many adherents. With his pen he lashed out all round ; his words of righteous indignation were of the kind that burned and blistered. He bit straight from the shoulder and hit hard. Opposition was naturally aroused and measures taken to stamp out the "Liberator," The Corporation of Georgetown D.C. passed a law prohibiting any free person of colour from taking the " Liberator " from the Post Office under penalty of twenty dollars fine or thirty days imprison- ment and if fine and gaol fees were not paid, directing such person to be sold as a slave for four months. Garrison himself was threatened with violence and aksassination. But a protecting hand was over Garrison and his paper, and for twenty five years, years of stress and storm,the paper was continued until the truth hid conquered and the slave was free. Mr. Parker narrated some exciting *experiences in Garrison's career, an attempt being made on one occa- sion by a frenzied mob to lynch him. Concluding with a personal reminiscence, Mr. Parker said be well remembered the visit which the venerable reformer in his old age paid to his (the speaker's) own home in Scotland. Ile remembered taking part in unfurling the Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack upon the towers of their home. He remembered seeing his mother driving this hero up the avenue and whale Garrison saw the two flags which had been raised in his honour, he took off his het and acknowledged them as symbolising all that was good in the two nations and the fact that they then both waved over lands upon which human rights were acknowledged irrespective of colour or race. He (Mr. Parker) was bnt a lad then and his mother had told her children so much of the life of Garrison that some of them almost expected that, his would wear a halo round his brow. They found him a kindly old man whom neither the opposition of early days nor the flatter of later days had done anything to spoil. Might the inspiration of his life nerve the audience and him- self to higher purposes and worthier sacrifices. (Applause.) A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Parker, after which the CHAIRMAN said the subject had been a source of inspiration to them. All the great things were done by young men. The very best work had been done bs the very youngest men. The paper had been a great encouragement to them and he hoped they would derive a great deal of benefit from it. (Hear, bear.) Mr. PARKER said he was sorry be could not call him- self a young man. The relations between his own family and Garrison's caused additional interest in his paper. The life and character of Garrison was a very rough one and he treasured very greatly some letters he had from him to his mother. If the paper had interested them be was very pleased. (Hear, hear.) Next Monday evening Mr. England will give ma address.

For Children's Hacking Coughs at night, Woods Great Peppermint Cure. 1/1i 2/9.—Advt. ,

===== 0002601_19080125_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
^7r.vr.7,-'•.rw! ~;,7'.7./cm,,r.r7M7Ttr:7!

. •

I

I

I

.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
6

THE SETTLER'S IDEAL HOME NEW ZEALAND _ • .01 [11(!-: = • .7 - - - - subloot to thol I ----

Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill & Albion Co, The New Zealand Shipping Co., and the Federal Steam Navigation Co., for re E /DOLS C Ib`.III.7ECESI for 2nd an 3rd Class Passages. At thi present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Woon Cutters and men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates subject to their taking with them not less than £2. For application forms and further information apply to the High Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street, Londcoa, or -the Agents in the United Kingdom of the ',above Shipping Companies.

corral not remenwer where or now he had met her before.

THREE MEETINGS.

The puzzle made the time pass more quickly, and the speeches prosed away into silence in due course. The assemblage heaved a sigh of intense relief, and commenced the usual unceremonious scramble for refresh- ment. Terence stood aside, disregarding glances of invitation from various bright eyes, and watched people pressing and push- ing round the door. Only when the nurses began to file past did he turn his att•intion to things nearer at hand. The nurse he had noticed was sta.id;ng be- fore him, looking up into his face, while a dainty smile dimpled cheeks and lips. "It is !" she said. "I am sure it is. It iR Boy, is it not?" The old name took him back to the scenes of his early boyhood, and again he saw in his mind's eye the tiny white-robed figure of thi child he had loved so long ago. "Baby ! " he exclaimed, wondering. But she drew up her head with an odd re- semblance to the dignity of her toddling dais. They call me Nurse Barbara now," she said.

BY DOROTHY BAIRD,

Author of "My Beautiful Boy," "The Im- pertinence of Mr. Scroggins," "The Story of a Look," "The Girl with the Sweet Face," &c.

They met at a children's party. She was a tiny, toddling mite,with wide blue eyes, round, rosy cheeks, a cupid's bow mouth, and a mop e golden curls. She had a new dress for the occasion—creamy satin, very short in the waist, and very long in the skirt, and she was exceedingly proud of it. Naturally, she was the centre of admiration, and all the girls were clamouring for her to dap.:..e with them. But she refused with dignity; tile owner of a new satin dress, which almost touched the ground, could do with nothing less than a masculine partner. "No, no; want a boy," she reiterated to the crowding girls, and at last the Boy sum- moned up courage to push his way to where she stood. _

"And," he replied, laughing, "they call me Terence Sylvester." Then she laughed too, and the sound of that rippling, gurgling merriment seemed in a moment to hridge over the years that had slid into the past. "Sit down here," he said. "And tell me all that has happened to you since I saw you last. I will get you some tea when the crusb has cleared await a little." -- running mucn nas nappened," she said. "I am an orphan now, and poor—poor as the most ecclesiastical of mice. Nursing if to me bread and butter and everything else." "And where do you nurse?" "The hospital is in the slums, but we do outside nursing as well. The League is grow- ing fashionable, thanks to Lady Haviland." She is good to you?" "Oh, yes. She comes and fusses round now and then, and brings a lot of fashionable guests, whose trains sweep up the wards very nicely. Sometimes they condescend to in- spect some of the slum work. Not very often, thank goodness, for they are stupid and ignorant, and stir up feelings that are best left to sleep." "And she sometimes has you out to see her?"

" Dance with me, baby," he said, holding put his arms. She looked up at him, for he was very much taller than she, and for a moment his fate hung in the balance. Perhaps it was the light on his shining red-gold hair, or the sweet smile on his pale, sensitive face that took her fancy, but she smiled suddenly, and holding up her tiny hands to him burst into a low, gurgling laugh. And so they went off together, while friends and mothers watched, witn amused smiles on their lips. He was so tall and lanky—as a delicate boy will often be in his early teens, when he is working hard for a scholarship--T and she so round, and soft, and rosy. And he handled her tenderly enough. At first he had felt gaunt and awkward, but the cling of the tiny lingers thrilled him suddenly, remind- him of a little sister who had gone back to God when she was about this baby's age. And his tenderness called to the feminine in tier, and she would not leave him, but clung to him all the evening. He was contented -enough, for he was shy and sensitive, and knew very few people in the place as yet, for they had but lately come into the district. Later on there were crackers., Baby's dis- closed a large silvery brooch, on which was inscribed "I'll be your sweetheart." "What is sweetheart?" she asked, when someone read the motto.

"Yes. She likes us to come to these func- tions in our spare time: instead of taking a run out into the country. I suppose she thinks it is good for us to have a glimpse of high .life." He laughed. " You don't take to high life?" he asked. She made a moue of disgust.

"It's what Boy is to you," said someone vvickedly, and she turned a contemplative eye tpon his blushing face. "Me like sweethearts !" she said, boldly, -and the laugh which followed nearly brought her to tear.

`-`—lt is so sufiy and so pushing," Phe said. "If a meeting in the East End was conclucteo like this there would be letters to the paper about it. 13-,lt perhaps it is only because lam not used to it that I feel like this."

She cried again when she had to go and leave the Boy behind, clinging to him with tightly clutching fingers. and only half com- forted when they promised that she would often see him again. But the promise was never kept. Once, the day when first she was taken to church, she saw him across the aisle, and the dignity and silence which had been laboriously impressed upon her left her suddenly. Boy, boy !" she shrilled, stretching out her hands towards him, and starting to toddle down the pew. But he signed to her to be silent, while anxious maternal hands pulled her back, and plumped her down so that she could not see him. Now and then she would wriggle till she obtained a glimpse of him, sedulously copying whatever she saw him do, so that she really behaved better for the latter half of the service. They smiled at one another as they came out, but at the porch she was seized by a waiting nurse and hurried home, and so they never spoke. Very soon after that her parents lost their money, and left the neighbourhood, to live down their poverty in a poorer quarter, so that the Baby and the Boy did not meet any more. But that was how it began.

And so they chatted and filled up the gaps in the story of their friendship. And ‘vhile he heard of her work and her dear poor people, she learnt of his pictures. and his studio, and his long sketching expeditions.

"You are famous?" she asked. looking tip at him, and thinking bow handsome he had grown. He had lost his gawky loch. though he was still very tall. His early delicacy had left its mark on his face. but the pale com- plexion went well with the burnished hair. and the clear grey eyes were merry and kindly. The sensitive lips were grave and sad when at rest, but when they smiled the expression was very sweet. "You are popular t," she added to herself. "No man can smile like that and not win hearts to himself."

They saw a good deal of one another in the months that, followed—Terence took care of that—and for a time .she enjoyed his friendship to the full. Then he re-introduced her to his family, and she noticed that his mother received her coldly, and did not echo his invitation to the house. That opea her eyes, and she understood all in a UM- ment why his very evident popularity had power to hurt her. -41 e loved him just as sue had loved him in the old days, only with the force of a woman, instead of the innocence of a child, and she saw that a gulf was placed between them, that yawning guf which society says neither man nor woman must pass. He was rich, brilliant, famous, and held a goo-I position in the world. He must make a mar- riage suitable to that position; there were plenty of great ladies who loved him as much as she. She was poor and insignificant, and she had the gift which is fatal in the hands of poverty and insignificance, the gift a beauty. She was not vain, but her common sense told her that her presence was a dang -r to him. She was not of the sentimentat type of woman, who believes that a love matcl,, matter what unpleasantness and happiness. crushing bitterness it may bring, is the best thing that can happen to a man. She was unselfish enough to wish only what was good for him, and she would not be the one to spoil his career, estrange him from his family, and make enemies of his friends. She told herself that if she went away he would speedily forget her, as she thought he had forgotten her before, and so, beyond a passing irritation, she would cause him no trouble, and all would go well with him, while for herself it did not much matter.

It was a broiling summer afternoon. Out- side a pitiless sun glared on white roadway and dusty trees, on baking houses and droop- ing window box flowers. Inside the light was subdued by sun-blinds and rose-coloured cur- tains, the air heavy with hothouse flowers, so heavy that the fashionable crowd who panted on the stairways and scrambled for chairs in the spacious reception rooms were almost tempted to wish that Lady Haviland were not quite so famous for her success in horti- cL!cure.

The occasion was an "At home," with a charitable object, for Lady Haviland, vainly trying to reconcile a frivolous nature with Puritan ancestry and tradition, would allow no gaiety in her house unless it could be illumined by a halo of religious intention. The favoured charity that afternoon was a nursing league in which Lady Haviland took special interest. She had spared no pains to snake the function a success, and she regarded the crowd, pushing and elbowing its way into her rooms, with an expression of extreme coMplacency. There are some people who are perfectly happy if they can cram three hundred people of title and distinction into a space calculated to accommodate a hundred with comfort, and a hundred and fifty with care and arrangement. Lady Haviland was one of these. The fact that the house was overcrowded almost to suffocation, and that at least a dozen eminent physicians and clergymen graced her platform, and that three Dukes would speak the necessary words for passing a vote of thanks to her and other organisers, filled her soul with joy. But these same facts filled the souls of her guests with dismay. It was so very hot and stuffy, and the speeches were so exceedingly prosy, that not a few wished they could flee away and be at rest. Some made a pretence of listening, but they were in the minority— most were openly bored.

And so, without saying anything to anybody, she offered herself to one of the missionary societies, and, being strong, and bright, and plucky, she was readily accepted. And she was soon sent to a post of considerable im- portance, for her knowledge of nursing made her _valuable on the mission field.

Thus it happened that she slipped once more out of Terence Sylvester's life. He made many efforts to trace• her, but they were in vain, and at last he almost gave up hope of ever seeing her again. But that was the intermediate stage.

Terence 'Sylvester was one of the latter. He fidgeted as much as politeness allowed. and frequently consulted his watch, under Cover of his coat. Presently he began to amuse himself by studying his fellow-victims, storing up impressions for further use, now and then sketching in a face, with a few bold touches on the margin of the pamphlet about the organisation which had been given him. And so his eye strayed to the place where a contingent of nurses from the League, grey. cloaked and bonneted, sat together below" the platform. They were mostly pretty, he de- cided. A soft, pale grey is a colour that suits most faces, and a nurse's dress is eminently becoming. There was a nurse at the end of the row nearest to him who was even prettier than the rest—blue-eyed, gold m- haired, and rosy-cheeked. Her face struck him as being somehow familiar, but he could put no name to it. Think as be would_ he

They met again, however, and once more it was at a party. Very different was it, how- ever, from either of the others which had brought them together before. Here there was very little gaiety, and no attempt at fine dressing. A few officers in khaki, some nurses, and a meagre collection of thin and harassed- looking civilians were gathered in one of the wards of the little hospital, trying to while away an hour or so of pain for the sufferers, and of weary anxiety for themselves by a little music. But it seemed as if the music brought more pain than joy, for songs of happier days called tears to many eyes, and the sounds from the beleaguered town formed but dreary accompaniment. Terence Sylvester had arrived here only a month ago, meaning to stay but one night, and then push on towards the Highlands of Central Asia. He had grown restless when he found his efforts to trace Nurse Barbara were of no avail. and had commenced a' series

si

.Mun

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED..

subJect. to tl.ae

===== 0002601_19080125_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
CI nuerrngs tar ana wrae over the world, painting those pictures which the nation now guards so jealously as some of her most price- less treasures. He had seen evidences of dis- turbance as he came through the country, but had apprehended nothing serious. China was always more or less disturbed, and if the natives should rise, a few shots would soon settle matters.

But he had barely been twelve hours in the place before he found himself shut in. Nanikou was little more than a mission station, held, for some inscrutable purpose, by the British Empire, who kept a small gar- rison within its walls. The little force was totally inadequate to hold the town success- fully against the hordes of malignant China- men who poured in from the hostile towns and villages for miles round. Escape was impossible, because of the disaffected state of the whole district; they could only do the best they could with their scant garrison, augmented by all the civilians and a few natives connected with the mission, and wait for help, which, from the position of the place, must necessarily be long delayed. So far they had held out successfully, but every day the supplies grew scantier, the wards of the improvise hospital at the mission station more crowded. All suffered more or less from the cramped conditions of life, and the crushing sense of despair, arising from the knowledge that it was now but a matter of days, weighed down every spirit. It was io the hope of dispelling the depression that Terence sylvester had suggested some mild amusement, to keep thoughts from dwelling too much upon the horrors which lay in the near future. He arranged it all, cheering many a drooping spirit by his brightness, his unfailing hopefulness, and courage.

For -himself, he feared death not at all. Life had been disappointing to him, and if his call came he would go gladly; but the thought of the women and children in the town falling into the hands of the cruel, yell- ing savages haunted him. He could see no way out for them, and he had much ado to keep outwardly cheerful. Then, when he went to the long, low, hos- pital ward that night, and saw a familiar small grey figure moving among the convales- cents, it seemed as if his heart stood still. He had thought to be so glad to see har again, and now the joy was swallowed up in one great sickening fear. The woman he loved was here, almost defenceless, while outsid yelled a mob notorious throughout the world for its hideous cruelty. She seemed to feel his gaze upon her, for suddenly she looked up,and her bright, whole- hearted smile spread over her features. "So you have found me, after all," she said. •

For a moment he was speechless. Wild plans for eseape, for saving her, surged through his brain. "I have looked long," he said at last. "And now—would to heaven I had not found

you ! " A sudden fear shot across her face. There is no hope?." she asked.

"None. Help is still four days off. Any moment now they may break through the walls. Of course, we shall fight step by step, bat it jII merely be a matter of time."

The horror of the thought shone through her eyes for an instant, then she was brave end smiling again. "We shall die together," she said, very ;oftly. _ _

"That comforts you?" he

P His face lit up. ulcer, eagerly. Barbara nodded. "It is better than a long life apart," she said, and there was a little sobbing catch in her voice, which told him all the truth. He held her trembling hand in his for a moment, and then they separated, Bar- bara to her duties, Terence to keep things going as merrily as might be. It was towards the end of the evening that the alarm sounded. To those who understood, sounds from without told the fell news long before the orders came. Every step was being contested, but the last stand was to be made at the mission. That had been pre- arranged, and they must hold themselves pre- pared. Quickly and quietly arms and ammuni- tion were given out, and men posted at every door and window, while women, and even children, undertook the work of re-loading. And so they waited, almost in darkness, for the death which now lay so. close ahead.

At the first alarm Ist'urse Barbara came to Terence's side.

"It is a question of minutes now," she said, with a wan little smile. He nodded, watching her deft fingers lay- ing the cartridges in order to her hand,so that she might not fumble in the darkness. "I am glad I saw you again—first," she said, and her voice trembled.

His arm went round her waist, and he drew her to him unresisting. "It is—worth dying for," he whispered, hoarsely. A lurid light flickered against the wails; the work of destruction had begun. Nurse Barbara stood up at her post. " Look," she said, pointing to a single car- tridge put apart from the rest. "That is for me. You promise?" And with white lips Terence promised. Another instant and the crowd was upon them. Terence and Nurse Barbara worked with the silent energy. of despair. It seemed a horrible nightmare of fire, and yells, and horrible demon faces, hut it did not last long. As Barbara had said, it was merely a mr.Atter of minutes. To Terence it seemed but a mo- ment before she put the revolver into his hand. "Shoot five," the said, in a clear, low voice. "But the sixth is mine. It is the last."

And so he turned. She wns kneeling now, clasping his left hand in both her own. " Quick !" she whispered. " You will come soon !"

Some instinct gave him pause. The dim, flickering, red light shewed her kneeling figure but vaguely, but he could see that her eyes were closed, and that her lips moved silently. Outside the winaow fantastic figures moved and struggled against the flame-lit sky, shots from other windows still kept the crowd at bay, but it could not last long. Every moment the figures crept nearer, till the evil, yellow faces could be distinguished clearly, all wreathed with demon smiles of hate and revenge. Then he glanced back round the room. On the long rows of white beds the sufferers lay very still, waiting, as they had waited for many days, for death, which was now to come quickly and sud- denly, and not, as they had expected, by long, lingering degrees. The little groups around the windows were thinning, gradually and surely, and in most eases awn were Ehooting over the dead bodies of fallen com- rades. And still at his feet knelt Nurse Bar- bara, her hands clasped, her lips still moving. Suddenly she opened her eyes, and looked up at him. " How long you are," she said. " Please—"

He looked down at her sadly, and shook his head.

"But you promised," she cried. "I trusted you." She was clasping his hands, looking up at him with piteous pleading in her eyes. For answer be closed and barred the shutters of the window beside \ him, Other windows were being closed and barred tte well.

"A few minutes more," he said, quietly. "We have had so few, and the years have been long." "But there is eternity in front," she re- plied. But she pleaded no more, only knelt beside him, clinging closely to his hand. Louder and louder surged the din outside, and the smell of burning came , strong upon the breeze.

"It does seem hard, doesn't it," she whis• pered, "that we should have to die so soon— and yet, if it had been different, I couldn't have said to you what I have said; I couldn't have knelt like this; I couldn't have kissed your hand like this—and this !" He put his arms round her and drew her close. - _

• "It's only the poor - fertows at • 'tile gate:, he said. "A momentary success." "They must have died long ago 1" she exclaimed. "And listen ! There it is again; nearer, louder."

"I would never have parted from you again," he said. "Never ! Never !" She nestled to him silently. Here, in the very shadow of death, she could not argue with him, but she felt that death was giving her what life would never have given. Suddenly she lifted her head. "Hark !" she exclaimed.

Then be understood that report had lied, andlhat help was at the very door. Louder and louder came the welcome sound, while the demon rabble broke, and fled hither and thither in the darkness. For a time he could not speak, feeling surged too high within him. He could only watch Nurse Barbara as sheyPeered through a chink in the shutter. "I thought help was four days off," she said, and her voice was dull, liLe the voice of one who speaks in a dream. Terence eaught her as she swayed. "I will never let you go again," ho said. "Never I Never '

Clear above the yells of the mob came the faint echo of -a cheer. For a moment Terence's heart leaped in his bosom with a wild burst of hcau4...but. he knew. that it waY vain.

Years afterwards Terence and Darin:re, Syl- vester visited the mission at Nanikou again. "It was lihe an evil dream," said Darbara, shuddering a little as she looked at the win- dow they had defended. "And yet I wouldn't be without the memory," replied Terence, dreamily. Their eyes met. '`lsior would I," silo answered softly., MIR END.I

The Examiner, Saturlay January 25, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, AUSTIN'S WARD ELECTION.

MR. BROADHURST RETURNED.

After a week's keen campaign, the bye-election in St. Austin's Ward on Monday resulted in the return of Mr. James Broadhurst (C) who defeated Mr. John Maginn (I.) by 200 votes. During the greater part of the day fog enveloped the town and made electioneering anything but pleasant. The workers on each side entered into the contest with enthusiasm and during the dinner hour and in the evening polling was brisk. There was a plentiful display of mural literature. Mr. Maginn appealing for support mainly on the ground of his independence and the fact that in his ronnicipal work be would not be tied to any party, political or religious. He also advanced several sciiemes for the improvement of the town and the ward. The Conserva- tives fought the election entirely on political lines and endeavoured to make capital out of the education question.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HESIJLT.

An inquest was conducted by Mr. S. Brighouse at Warrington on Monday morning, relative to the death of Samuel Bibby Cann, the six-months-old child of William Cann, chemical labourer, and Mary Elizabeth Cann, 10, Jolley-street. Mrs. Cann, after washing and feeding the baby on Friday morning, put it to bed at 8.30 and then went to attend to a sick neighbour. When she returned at 12.30 the baby appeared to be asleep, and she did not disturb it. At a q muter past three she noticed the child had one eye Majority 2OO open, and the other closed She touched it, but as it Councillor BROADHURST, in proposing a vote of did not move she called assistance and took the child thanks to the Returning Officer, the Town Clerk, and other officials who bad worked in connection with the to the surgery of Dr. Adams. The doctor was not in, and she went to Dr. Hodgkinson, who said the child election, said his opponent had that day been a perfect was dead. The child had been delicate.- Dr. Smith gentleman, and no one could have treated him better than Mr. Maginn bad done. He could quite understand gave the result of the post-mortem 'nomination he his position. He (Mr. Broadhurst) bad been in a similar held OD the body and said death 'was due to convul- position on a previons occasion, and he hoped Mr. sions, the result of acute congestion of the lungs The Maginn would not be discouraged, because someone Coroner said they tried to save the relations the must lose, trouble of an inquest. The officer in charge of the Mr. MAerxrc said be could not help seconding the motion in spirit as well ,as in word. and he supported case interviewed Dr. Hodgkinson who said he had not , Conncillor Broadhurst's observations so far as the the remotest ider of the cause of death, and if the officials of the Town Hall were concerned. This was doctor had not the remotest idea it could not be his fourth contest and, probably, his last. From the expected that he (the Coroner) could have, so a post- day he started to fight for municipal hononrs he bad rnortem examination and an inquest were necessary. received the greatest courtesy from the officials. He "Death from natnral causes" mos the verdict. had been defeated more times than he had been success- 1 ful, and the officials had always been as kind and as courteous to him when he had been defeated as when he had succeeded. He wished to pay a compliment to SWEET SINGER'S DESPAIR Mr. Broadhurst in return for the compliment he had paid to him (Mr. Maginn), and it was that he was a -- -- perfect gentleman. Mr. Broadhurst was a man of the A Carl Rosa Artiste's doleful experience people, and the only regret was that he did not remain of Anaemia. a man of the people as he had all the qualities that made a gentleman. It was true they had had a little sparring. but they might have got to higher quarrels if the election had gone on long enough. (Hear, bear and laughter.) Owing to the manipulation of affairs by one political party, there bad been no time for bloodshed. (Langhter.)Mr.Maginn strongly criticised his opponents' supporters who, he said, had found nothing too bad to say about him. He would not mind such things being said by the man in the street who did not know better hut it was men holding the highest positions and wealth in the neighbourhood who had been occupying their time in pulling a poor tradesman te pieces. Tf he belonged to their party be would hang his head. He bad been defeated and it was useless to complain. He had also been well defeated by Mr. Broadhurst, who could brag of his glorious success. Tf he (Mr. Maginn) bad been successful he would have crowed perhaps more than Mr. Broadhurst was doing. Certainly be had not" rubbed it in "a bit. (Laughter.) The motion was put and carried. Alderman BENNETT, in replying on behalf of himself and officials, said it was gratifyine to find that the candidates entertained such friendly feelings towards each other. He congratulated the victor and condoled with Mr. Maginn.

At the close of the poll, at eight o'clock, the ballot boxes were taken to the Town Hall and the voters were counted in No. 1 Committee-room in the presence of Alderman Bennett (returning officer), the Mayor, Alderman Pierpoint, the Town Clerk. Depnty Town Clerk, the assistant Town Clerk, the candidates, and other gentlemen. The work was very expeditiously got through, and the result was known in the room at 8.30. The Returning Officer declared the result as follows :

A Baby's Death.

Mr. Broadhurst Mr. Maginn 331

; Relates also how she was cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Miss Grace Foster, a popular contralto of the Carl Rosa Opera Company, is now touring the country with.; this successful company, and has accomplished i distinguished work. After a breakdown of health i following Anemia, she is again in robust health and perfect voice, and she gratefully describes how her ' strength has been restored by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Miss Grace Foster was interviewed recently by a reporter just after a performance. She was looking as bright and happy as the successful artiste in good health always does look after a cordial reception.

.„ -- PUBLIC DECLARATION. Notwithstanding the cold and foggy weather there was a large crowd to bear the declaration of the result from the Town Hall steps. COOIIOMOT BROADHURST, who was cheered, thanked the electors for what they bad done for him, also those who had worked so hard for him from the highest to the men be loved best—the workingmen who had worked without any compensation. They would under- stand that it was very difficult for one in his position to say what be would like to say, hut he could certainly sympathize with Mr. Maginn, who had treated him as a perfect gentleman. (Cheers.) Mr. MA ors said it was unnecessary for him to tell the audience that be was disappointed with the result of the election. He bad, however, one feeling of pleasure, and that that was the first time in the four elections he bail fought that be had met a thorough workingman who understood what it was to work with his hands as well as with his head. With the exception of a few spars, common on omis- sions like that, he had nothing to complain of except of course. that be was not in the proud position Mr. Broadlanrst now held. In his oninion they bad not conferred the honour npou the best man--(laughter)— but he must congratulate the electors on conferring it on the second best man. He thanked the 331 persons who had voted for hint, and also the 531 who had been manly and courageous enough to vote against him. He despised those weak-kneed creatures who had a vote and yet had not the manliness to use it. With reference to the position be took up some six years ago, be maintained still that a man who wished to represent the ratepayers should be independent and free from all cliques and political or social parties. He had been defeated several times, but he still believed he was right, although be was afraid be was a little before bis time. Some day they would recognize that fact, but he would then be too old to fight the battle. The crowd then dispersed. At the Conservative Club there was much jubilation and numerous speeches were delivered.

A WARNING OF INTEREST TO THE PUBLIC

To what a grievious extent the public suffers through the prevalence of imitations and substitutions but few of our readers can appreciate, even though they are themselves frequently victimised. The evil is greatest when the article imitated is either a food or a medicine for in this case the health of the victim suffers as well as his pocket. Amongst the multitude of advertised articles that nre imitated there is hardly one that is not manufactured in some special manner or by some secret process that makes their successful imitation impossible. Take as one instance of this the well- known and—largely advertised Angler's Emulsion. This preparation is different to all other emulsions, because It is made with petroleum specially purified by a secret process known only to the proprietors. No other chemist can obtain this special petroleum ; how then can he imitate it? To be sure, any chemist can make an emulsion of petroleum, but it will be very different and very inferior to Angler's, as every honest chemist will admit. Here we have an original preparation of undoubted merit that is endorsed by the medical profession, and used all over the world ; and yet many persons are induced, to their own detriment, to buy a cheap imitation on the times worn plea that it is" just as good." As regards the example we have given (Angier's Emulsion), there is no excuse for being deceived, for the proprietors (The Angier Chemical Company, Ltd., 32, Snow Hill, London E.C.), oiler to send a free sample on receipt of a small sum for postage. The Angier Chemical Co.'s advertise- ments ought to convince readers of the wisdom of first sending for a free sample of the original before trying an imitation, and thus themselves be able to judge of the superior qualities of the advertised article.

y-....-. ... _...9 (ca_..:.:•,_,_•-:_..:;, . . --------- - - —7-7 ii .:,,Ii!:'011:41it'llhliglii111111111111111111111111111111111111116:‘ r----- **A: ~,,-,\.‘,,,'.it.; I.ii,t.----.7,,,'• _.w.,_,„t,-.T.',1i:14:!,:1: , "". ~.:....., i lvviiliiiii!!! ; 'I :011ilg;1!!i:; -0 iviiillit",i,;"4"lllill I ............ ~ . ......,................. , 'I iulpvi:,. ":,,,,,:..;:.•:.:.:J.:1.!,,,:::,-.,.•• I .: v. 1 ........--_. - . , ..-......- -,-......_ - t , ... 4 ~.

Miss Gnkci: Cured of Alicvnict by

===== 0002601_19080125_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHORT WAY WITH DEBTORS.

On Saturday, at Runcorn, William Cressey, fish- dealer, was sentenced to one month's hard labour for assaulting a coloured seaman named George Ernest Thomas, who had his bead swathed in bandages. Thomas owed Crassey Ils, and promised to give him money at the post office. Thomas failed to get the money there, and on coming outside Crersey felled him with 'short bludgeon, inflicting a serious wound over the eye and tendering him insensiblo.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
,11. Y DEAR CR/LD:

I Mn so very sorry that I cannot give the names of the winners of prizes in the Poor Children Competition. I expected to receive the report from the lady to whom I entrusted the judging of the articles, but this has not come to hand as I write this. I will take care that the awards are published next week. You see I thought that a lady would be more able to deal with *its competition. so I submitted all articles to her. A man is not very compel znt in matters of clothing, is he? Don't forget that during this month and next another competition is open for Clothing for t 17.... pour little ones. I am very pleased to welcome as new mem. 1.,0rs Maud Pearson, Edgar Martin, Winnie Franks. Dorothy Carmen, Gertie Scriven, and Flossie Neale. New members and all contri- butos of stories, etc.. are entitled to a little pocket mirror. If any of you wish to receive lid's kindly send me a post card, and I will at once forward one. With love,

UNCLE NED.

"GIVE US A FLOWER, SISTER."

One of our nurses was hurrying along in a ilistrict one day with sonic flowers which she was taking to her patients, when a man etand- ing on the pavement asked her for one of them. Hurriedly she took a little bunch and handed it to him. Some two or three years afterwards she went into a house where some men were at work. "You don't remember me, sister," said one of them. "No, I'm afraid I don't," said the sister.

"Well, do you remember a man asking you for some flowers one flay in the street " "Yes—yes, I remember now." "Well, I thought you might like to know what became of them. I took them flowers to a mate of mine in the 'orspital, and, sister, he died with them flowers in his ,hand. He was glad to have 'em." GERTIE SCRIVEN.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A FUNNY LITTLE CUSTOMER.

"A pennyworth of what, my dear?" ex- claimed old Seabright. "A penn.'orth of de- lightfulness, if you please," repeated the child. "Delightfulness!" and the old man's face as- sumed a puzzled expression. The little girl stood gravely at the counter, wonderiug at the old man's peculiar behaviour. "Delightfulness! delightfulness! I have never been asked for that before. Do you mean these?" said the old man, showing his little customer a bottle of honeydrops. "No, sir," replied the little girl, shaking her curly head energetically. "Is this it?" inquired he, showing a tablet of Turkish Delight. Oh, yes, that is delightfulness," exclaimed the little girl, and, putting down her penny, she departed with her little pur- chase. EDGAR MARTIN.

NIGHT. Night is the time for rest; How sweet! when laboull close, To gather round an ac ling breast

The curtain of repose; Stretch the tired limbs and lay the head Upon our own delightful bedl Night is the time for dreams; The gay romance of life, When truth that is, and truth that seems,

Blend in fantastic strife; Ah i'visions less beguiling far • Than waking dreams by daylight are. Night is the time for foil; To plough the classic field, Intent to find the buried spoil,

Its wealthy furrows yield; Till all is ours that sages taught, That poets sang or heroes wrought. Night is the time to weep;

To wet with unseen tears Those graves of memory where sleep The joys of other years; Hopes the.* were angels in their birth, But perished young, like things of earth. Night is the time for care; Brooding on hours mis-spent, To see the spectre of despair e- Come to our lonely tent; Like Brutus, midtst his slumbering host, Startled by CEesar's stalwart, ghost. Night is the time to pray; Our Saviour oft withdrew To desert mountains far away; So will His followers do: Steal from the throng to haunts untrod, And hold communion there with God. Night is the time for death, When all around is peace, Calmly to yield the weary breath, From sin and suffering cease; Think, of Heaven's bliss, and give the sign To parting friends--such death be mine! ELIZABETH EREARLEY.

As I was going throuE.h Leighton Gap, I saw a thing -with a red gap; A stone in„the middle, a stick at the -tail. If you tell me this riddle, you are worth 'a glass of ale. Answer: A Cherry.

_ Ac I was going over London Bridge I saw a ship a-sailing. What was the captain's name? I have told you once. and I'll tell you again. What was the captain's name? Answer: Watt was the captain's name. FLOSSIE C. NEALE.

ICHILDREN ( SLEEP WELL

which for more than 8o years has helped to preserve and build up the young life of the Country. When prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and assimilated by the most delicate Infant and forms

A COMPLETE DIET.

In 1/. & 2/6 'fins; also 4d. Packets.

IIINDLE

A man had several sons who were such quarrelsome boys that they could never agree with each other. So he called them together, and had a bundle of sticks brought. c;w "Now, boys," said their father, "take this bundle, and let me see which of you can break it." One after the other tried his hardest, but the sticks were so closely bound together that they would not break. Then the father untied the bundle, and gave one single stick to each boy, telling him to break it.

"Oh, that is quite easy," said they. "You see, my boys," said their father, "you ape like the bundle of sticks. 'While you keep together and agree, no one can hurt you; when you fall apart, any one may do you harm."

/1011E-NCE KIVELL.

ALL CAN DO SOMETHING. Every little flower cin.'t blossom Like the blushing rose, Or be like the stately lily That eo lovely growe. But each tender little flowerlet

Can have light and grace, Grow within its little corner, Sweeten its own place. All the birds like soaring skylark Cannot reach the sky, Nor at '\morn rise up to heaven— All can't mount so high. But each tiny little songster Has its bough or tree,

Where it sings all through the summer, Songs to you and me. And each little lad or maiden Can't expect, you see, To be great and wise and learned, Yet each one may be Sweet, as all the flowers have sweetness; Like the little bird, Help to make the work more pleasant With a song or word.

R. WRBURTON.

THE HORSE AND LOADEff ASS.

The ass had both his baskets full, besides a heavy sack laid across his back, while his com- panion, the horse, trotted gaily along with nothing to carry. The ass asked him if he would kindly take a part of the load, but the ill-natured horse threw up his head and re- fused. Presently the heavy-laden ass fell slown and died, and the master, taking up the harden, put it upon the horse, and then, lifting up the poor ass, put him upon the horse's back also.

"I wish I had not been so ill-natured," said the horse. "If I had not refused to carry part of the weight, I should not now have to carry the whole." GWENNIE KIVELL.

A SILLY BOY.

A gentleman once asked a boy what was the matter with him, when he replied, "I am silly, sir." "Then," said the gentleman, "here is sixpence, for you." Then, to the gentleman's astonishment, the boy said, "I have got a brother at home who is silly, too." "Then," said the gentleman, meaning to get the sixpence back, "give me the sixpence, and I will give you a shilling," "No," said the boy, "I'm not so silly as air that, sir."

FLOSSIE C. NEALE.

PRACTICAL ENGINEERING.

Jones owns a small motor-car. He has no chauffeur, and every time he goes out a break- down occurs. No wonder. "Hello!" he ex- claimed, on meeting a friend at the club the other day. "I've been spending a profitable afternoon." "Have you?" said the friend. "How?" "Why, I took the engine of my car all apart to see how it really worked." "Great Scot, old man," exclaimed the friend, realising Jones's impracticability, "I hope you were careful not to mislay any of the parts." "No fear!" answered the expert engineer. "Why when I put it together again I had nearly half a dozen pieces over!" GISH* FLETCHER.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SARAH'S SURPRISE.

- _ There was once a little girl whose name was. Sarah. She was very fond of surprising people. Once, when she was playing hide-and-seek with her brother, she hid herself in a large box, and drew clown the lid. She stayed in the box for a long time waiting for her brother to come. She thought when he came she would juinp up and, frighten him. She tried to raise the lid, but found she could not do so. It was fast, and she could not get out. She became so frightened that she screamed until her mother. came to her rescue. Sarah never again hid her- self in a box. Wishing you a prosperous New Year: WINNIE FRANKS.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l was delighted with the. lovely box of Fry's Chocolates which I le- ceived from you last Monday. I saved them for Christmas Day, when we all enjoyed them very much. I spent a quiet but happy Christ- ma&s, and hope you did the same. Again thank- ing you, and wishing you a bright and happy New Year, I remain, your loving Niece, FREDA WELBOURNE.

Boy (in a hurry): "Me mudder sent :ne for some cheese. Got any wot's good?" Grocer: "Yes, me sonny. We've got s,ine that I can recommend. It is made at our own dairy, under our own management How much do you want?" Boy: "Gimme enough to bait a raouse-trap with."

Tramp (to fussy old gentleman): "Will you please give me a penny, sir I'm starving." Fussy Old Gentleman (producing coin!: "Dear me, starving I Can you change half-a- crown I" Tramp: "Yes, sir." Fussy Old Gentleman (pocketing the ahange): "Dear, dear, starving! Bless me, but thia world is full of misery 1 "

GFOOTBALLS Given away weekly. Every competitor receives something. EVERY TUESDAY during DECEMBER, JANUARY and FEBRUARY we will give away SIX SPLENDID FOOTBALLS for the six most interesting Postcards we receive during ihe preceding week. YOU CAN PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either A 'GOOD .iORE, STORNETTE, CONUNDRUM, PUZZLE, SRETCH, or anything else that you think is interesting—ANYTHlNG BUT A LIMERICK—and if your postcard is among the SIX hest 'received in the week in which it is sent, you will receivea FOOTBALL. To every competitor, be he or she PRIZE WINNER lor not, will be sent a sample bottle of _

MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE.

ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY: Newhall & Mason, Nottingham.

Good I It's Mason's Coffee Essence.

200 YEARS A SECHET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES. For 200 Years the Secret of Giannie Ointment has been -• kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN Tltoll BUS'. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even hen doctors have despa.red lerae for lotamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NOR WIC H.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

JANUARY.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
IrttOof ARRINGION

Acton budge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. e lefednesiays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 958, 11 42, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 439, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8 p.m Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)--5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. al 54, 439, 6 28,7 20,8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 817, 8 58, 95, 10 28, 1130 a.m. 12 30, 140, 1 58, 230, 3 19, 4 22,4 45,5 6, 64, 7 54,8 5,10 18,11 35 11 57, p.m. Sundays-8 42, 10 45 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23,10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 6 37, 7 8, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34,9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 841 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25,1 15,2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,60, 7 57,9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95, 10 2.3 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4.7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75,85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 115, $ 50, 515, 7 20, 10 23 p Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 508 8, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 9.35 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55. 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 3 35, 49, 5 15' 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sutdays 650.8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)--a4 40, 5 35, 7 5, 7 54, 8 5, 8 50, 95, 9 50, 10 35. 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 110, bl 13,1 50,2 17, 2 50, 3 13,3 50, 3 56.4 5,4 10.4 50, 5 2, 5 50, 62, 7 5, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, 1015, 1040, blO 42, bll 15,11 39, 11 52 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40, 555,90, 9 55,11 20 a.m. 220, 239, 446, 6 22, 7 10, 828, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 1 55, 245, 320, 345, 347, 515, 6 20. 7 8, 740, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.SundavB,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 18, 60, bO,lO 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 717, 755, 830, 859, 955. 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-WI-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b7ll, 85, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 1219, 115, 241, 245, 331, 3 50, 4 26, 515 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, d 9 40. 10 23 p.m. Sundays 2 53, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15, 60, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. d Mondays and Saturdays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 53, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 955, 10 55, 1122. 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 155, 2 55, 3 53, 4 55,4 58, 5 55.6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bit 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sunday 9 22, 10 18, 11 22 am 30, 3 15, 4 57, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 1020, a.m. 125, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10, 10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 1218,12 25, 1 15,1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 515, 633, 720, 9 22,10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56,7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mon4ays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55, 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 915 10 10,11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0;9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,100,115 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 80. 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20,3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. it N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10 55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C. -7.5,8 35, a 9.36, 10.25,11.2. 12 0 a.m.1.23, 3.18, 4 10,5 2,b6.20,6 30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdaysonly. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55.10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42 11 55 a.m. 115, 130, 350, 446, 515, 6 28, 7 20, 8,37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 0, 9 54p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 4,._9 5, 10 11 5 a.m. 120, al 0, b I 13. 2 15, 3 23, 411.0, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, al° o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, I) Saturdays only. Sundays 90. 935 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 417 40, 8 54, 10 57 a m. 12 30, a 3 0,3 55, 430, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 59 A m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (1, & N.-W.l-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 20, 11 10,a.m.1 15,a1 30,3 9,5 8,0 43,8 15,8 30,b9 10, I@ 5, blO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 5, 4 50, 8 50, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 25 N.TI). 1 37, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45' 10010:10 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, h 4 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10 4 10,_ 5 15, 5 93 6 30, 7 25, 8 10. 8 50 p.m. 'Sundays 2 25, 4 20 -46, 7 15 a.m. G 55 p.m. b Mondays excepted a3lorldays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-620. 79, 845, 1024,. 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 0, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 8 10 a.m. 7 IS p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Haresbnry-9 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49,6 2,7 11,8 48 p.m. Sundays 7 23 a.m. 7 47 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 8 22 p.m. Sundays 0 48 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 13, 847, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 28, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 12 IS, 114, 2 3, 327. 510, 513, 552, 655, 743, .88, 910, 934, 1047, sill al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 FL.III. 3 43. 7 21, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlen' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3. al2 57, 2 4. 3 '27, 54. 62, 6 58, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Saturdays only. Frodsham-7 53, 9 0, 10 1, ill, a.m. 231, 49, 5 44,6 58, 831, p.m. Sunday 7 2, a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne-6 -14,8 26, 10 12,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 530, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 75 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 9 57,10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 4,1 27 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 653, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Mara and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 33, 9 53, a.m. 1 7, 4 54. 6 51. 855, 1120. p.m. Sundays 921,11 0, CM. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55.8 40.9 22. 102. 11 11 a.m. 1 20, 0 45, 2 13. 3 0, 338, 426. h 539. 67, 349, 73'J, 9 52, c 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 8 23 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.I-510, 6 30. 7 30, 7 40,8 15, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20, 9 30, 9 33, 945, 10 30, 11 3, 11 30,11 33 11 50 a.m. 123'), 1248, 13, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30 2 40. 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 635,, 7 30, 8 30, 838, 840, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 230,3 20,3 55, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30,9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. 3; N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50,6 10, 7 50, 85, 8 35,9 5, 9 30, 9 55,11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 20, 245, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 830, 90, blO 5, 10 45, b 1115 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15,1045 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14,9 51,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 2 5, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 559, 641, 731, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 8 15 A.M. 2 25,7 15 p.m. Manchester(Ceotral)-5 55,6 30, 7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30 ..m. 12 30, 12 50,

710, 730, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20, 10 20, alo 55, 11 0 p.m. &Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 95, 9 30, 10 39 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5, 60, 6 35, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, wm. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 14 5, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. I 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays extepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56,9 6, 11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 4 8,4 55, 37 3 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m: 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35; al 5, al2B, 144, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. 1 Padgate-6 27, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 8 0,2 15,5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 252, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14, p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 2t, 14, 3 7,4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. 1 35, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35,5 26,5 36, 6 23, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 4 8,8 54, Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
i

I

0 3 35, _ 10 45, b 11 L. only. Sundays 7 Lymm-7 48,8 32, 25, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25,7 15 p.m. Manchester(Contral)-5 55,6 30, 7 30,733, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30 Q.m. 1230, 12 ,J.„

===== 0002601_19080125_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES. Northern Rugby Union. The following fixtures have been arranged for the

seasol

WARRINGTON.

1907. , Sept. 7 Leigh „ 14 Rochdale Hornets away „ 21 Runcorn home „ 28 St. Elelens Oct. 5 Oldham „ 12 Runcorn (L.C.) away „ 19 Widnes „ 26 Leigh L.C.(2nd rd ) away „ 28 Barrow Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 Ebbw Vale away „ 16 Rochdale „ 23 Broughton away ~ 30 Wigan Dec. 7 Swinton -' home

For. Agst.

28 -3 10 5 14 0 6. 7

„ 14 Oldham „ 21 New Zealand home „ 5 Leigh „ 26 Widnes Dec. 28 Hull 1908. Jan. 1 Runcorn „ 4 Salford „ 11 Barrow

7- 10 15 2 5 5 11 13 15 2 8 8 16 0 11 5 3 8 Postponed 33 • 0 5 8 8 26 0 20 0 3 10

77 !V 18 Swinton away 25 Broughton home Feb. 1 „ 8 Bradford away „ 15 Wigan away „ 22 „ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 7 Bradford home

„ 14 „ 21 'Ebbw Vale „ 28 April 4 St. Helens home RUNCORN. 1907.

3 5 Postponed 21 9 21 0

For Apt.

Sept. 7 Halifax „ 14 Leigh „ 2t Warrington „ 28 Wigan home 0 9 Oct. 5 Swinton away 21 2 „ 12 Warrington (LC) home 2 15 „ 19 St. Helens away 17 11 Nov. 2 Oldham „ 9 Merthyr home 19 0 „ 16 Merthyr away 13 15 „ 23 Widnes „ 27 New Zealand home 9 0 „ 30 Rochdale Dec. 7 Hull away Postponed „ 14 Widnes „ 21 Barrow .... „ 25 St. Helens home 19 0 „ 26 23 Huddersfield home 27 9 19'08. Jan. 1 Warrington „ 4 Rochdale away 6 8 „ 11 Swinton home Postponed „ 18 Wwan away 9 8 „ 25 Hull home Feb. , 1 Salford If 8 „ 15 Barrow „ 22 Leigh home „ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 3 Halifax

.. 21 Broughton away 28 Oldham

WIDNES.

1907. ....___. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Barrow „ 14 Batley „ 21 Swinton home 24 12 „ 28 Leigh Oct. 5 St. Helens home 17 5 „ 12 Batley! away 5 32 „ 16 New Zealand „ 19 Warrington „ 26 Broughton L. C (2nd round) home 0 14 Nov. 2 Wigan home 5 5 „ 9 Dewsbury „ 16 Swinton away 0 13 „ 23 Runcorn home 5 11 „ 30 Salford Dec. 7 Leigh home 6 11 „ 14 Runcorn away 0 12 ~ 21 Merthyr „ 25 York „ 26 Warrington „ 28 York 1908. Jan. 1 „ 4 Barrow „ 11 Oldham „ li Salford „ 25 Rochdale ..'''' •• Feb. 1 Sr. ilelens away ~Iwa 8 Wigan • I y „ 15 Dewsbury „ 22 Brougaton home

===== 0002601_19080125_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THAT OLD WINTER COUGH.

Patients Cure makes her Doctor now prescribe PEPS to Others.

So strikingly successful were Peps in curing the obstinate cough of Mrs. C. M. Pyle, of 13, Carlingford Road, Hampstead, London, N.W., that her doctor is now recommending this wonderful medicine to his other patients.

Peps differ entirely from 'ordinary cough mixtures, especially the old-fashioned liquid mixtures and that Peps are a vastly superior invention is shown by the fact that the cough Mrs. Pyle so easily cured, lead for yearA resixted every other known form of treatment, including a voyage to Australia and back. " I had more chest trouble in the Colonies," says Mrs. Pyle, " and as soon as I reached London again, the old winter cough returned worse than ever. The cough was a dreadful utrangling rough and my breathing at times became quite difficult. Peps were the only remedy which brought me genuine relief amongst the many I tried. The result of takin,-, the first few tablets was so wonderful that I at once sent some Peps to my daughter, and to several friends. Even my doctor is now recommending them to his patients. " The last think as I lie down for the night, I put a Peps tablet on my tongue. My breathing is at once relieved. If 1 cough at all it is just a soft clearing of the throat, so different from the dreadfnl strangling fits of coughing I had to endure before I resorted to Peps. As I am now 75 years of age, and have been subject to this winter cough 'for quite half my lifetime, the result achieved by Peps in my case is certainly wonderful."

Peps are the World's greatest breathe-able cough and cold medicine, and being free from opium, chloral and all other drowsy, nerve- depressing drugs, are greatly valued by elderly people and young children. See that the word PEPS is on every box. Sold by all chemists at is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. (three times the number in the 2s. 9d. size).

===== 0002601_19080125_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday January 25, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

TOAD VENOM.

The poisonous secretions from two varie- ties of toads—Bufo vulgaris and B. viridis— have been obtained by injecting a solution of barium chloride or stimulating the skin by means of an induction coil, either of which methods causes the glands to discluirg,e the fluid. It js a milk-white juice, which, ex- ternally applied, has a strong irritant action upon the mucous membrane and eausca burn- ing of the eye, the effects disappearing snot- a few hours. Introduction of the venom into the .blood kills dogs within an hour, and in the case of frogs, produces convulsions, end- ing in paralysis and death. Alcohol and opiates act as antidotes to the poison. Toads are not susceptible to the poisonous secre- tions of closely allied species, though they are so to the venom of the salamander and triton.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH TEMPERATUHES.

High temperatures now play an important part in our daily work, and it is interesting to note the following actual temperatures of familiar objects and operations, as deter- mined by a new optical pyrometer. Porcelain furnace, 2,498 deg. Palm; glass furnace, 2,552c1eg. ; open hearth steel, 2,795 deg.; melted platinum, 34i36deg.; incandescent lamp, 3,272 deg.; arc lamp, 7,410 deg.; the sun, 13,713 deg.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
FERTILISING WASTE LAND.

The possibilities of certain grasses being utilised for the purpose of fertilising, and thereby reclaiming for cultivation, waste stretches such as sand dunes, has been strik- ingly demonstrated upon King Island, which is situated between the coasts of Tasmania and the Australian mainland. This island has always been an arid waste of sand and other non-arable soil. Some few years ago, however, a vessel was wrecked off the island, and when broken up under the force of the waves a number of the sailors' mattresses, which were stuffed with yellow-flowered clover—a kind of grass—were washed ashore. A certain quantity of seed was contained among the stuffing, and in due course these took root, and, owing to their prolific growth, in the space of a few years covered the sandy stretches with rich verdure. It is a long-estab- lished fact that clover and other leguminous plants have the peculiar capacity of fertilis- ing a waste soil, owing principally to the ac- tion of bacteria, thereby enabling the plants to draw nitrogen directly from the atmo- sphere. In the case of King Island, owing to the properties of this yellow-flowered cltver, what was previously a waste stretch of sand is now one of the richest grazing districts in the Australian continent. The growth of the plant completely changes the character and colour,of the soil from a dirty white to a rich dark brown or black loamy nature.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHEMICAL PUZZLE.

The following experiment, says M. Gustave Michaud, of the Costa Rica State College, is easily performed, even by those- who have had little or no previous chemical training. It gives an idea of the infinite diversity of chemical and physical changes which one and the same reagent may induce in other sub- stances.

Fourteen glasses, arranged in seven pairs, are brought before the spectators, who are re- quested to examine them and 'their contents. The experimentor then pours one and the same liquid into the fourteen glasses. The following contradictory results become at once apparent: Substance contented in glass A becomes so hot that the glass cannot be kept in the hand. Substance contained in glass Al becomes so cold- that frost promptly collects outside of the glass. Liquid contained in glass B was blue; it becomes colourless. Liquid contained in glass B' was colourless; it becomes blue.

Glass V contained a clear liquid which be- comes muddy. Glass Co contained a muddy liquid• which becomes clear. If a lighted match be introduced into glass D, several inches above the liquid, noisy flames are seen to spring in every direction. If the same experiment is made in the sanbe manner with glass the match is quietly but immediately extinguished. Liquid in glass E had a burning, suffocating smell; it becomes odourless. Liquid in glass E' was odourless; it acquires such an offensive smell that it becomes necessary to carry it outside. Liquid in glass F was red; it becomes blue. Liquid in glass Ff was blue; it becomes red. Glass G contained a solid substance which becomes liquid. Glass 0' contained a clear liquid which becomes instantaneously solid

===== 0002601_19080125_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXPLANATION.

Every transformation is the result of the action of common hydrochloric acid over some chemical. Here is the nature and pro- portions of these; capacity of glasses being supposed to be about one pint. Glass A contains 50 grammes of sodium hydrate dissolved in 100 cubic centimetres of sat. This solution fills about one-half of the glass. During the experiment the other half must be entirely filled with hydrochloric acid. This should be poured slowly while the liquid is agitated with a glass or wooden fi tick. The last additions of acid cause the liquid to boil. The glass will then be found to contain com- mon table salt mixed with an excess either of acid or of sodium hydrate. Glass A' is filled with sodium sulphate in small crystals, such as is sold by pharmacists to be taken inter- nally. Enough hydrochloric acid must be poured in to cover the salt. Temperature goes at once much below 32deg. Pahl% Cold becomes still more intense if the mixture he agitated. Three-quarters of glass B are filled with water; then one decigranune of copper sul- phate is dissolved in it. Ammonia is added in small portions until an intense blue colour appears. The addition of hydrochloric acid will cause it to vanish. A solution of two centigrammes of potassium ferricyanide in 100 cubic centimetres of water is made in glass is", and in this another solution of three centigrammes of ferrous sulphate in 100 cubic centimetres of water is poured. A little ammonia is then added until the beauti- ful blue colour vanishes. Hydrochloric acid will cause it to reappear instantaneously. Glass C contains the ordinary solution of lead acetate sold by druggists for local or ex- ternal application. Hydrochloric acid forms in it a dense precipitate of lead chloride. Three-quarters of glass C" are filled with water to which about a quarter of a teaspoon- ful of slaked lime, free from coarse particles, i§ added. Calcium chloride, resulting from the action of hydrochloric acid on lime, is ex- ceedingly soluble in water. . . _ _

A fe-w' pieces of zinc are deposited in glass D. Bubbles of hydrogen will set noisily on fire when a match is introduced into the glass. The experiment is free from danger so long as no attempt-is made to close the glass. One-third of glass D' is filled with wood ashes with enough water to make a thin paste. Car- bon dioxide is the gas which promptly extin- guishes the match. A hundred cubic centi- metres of water, fifty cubic centimetres of ammonia, and enough litmus solution to give the liquid a bluish tint are poured into glass E. During the experiment, hydrochloric acid is added, little by little, until the bluish colour suddenly becomes reddish. The odour will then be found to have vanished.

One-third of glass E' is filled with water, and eight grammes of powdered iron sulphide are thrown into it. Hydrochloric acid will generate hydrogen sulphide in the glass. This gas is the active agent found in some mineral waters, to which is gives a characteristic smell of putrefied eggs. It is poisonous, hut the amount evolved during the experiment is small, and the smell is so strong that it makes the air apparently irrespirable long be- fore there is any danger. It should not, how- ever, be smelt directly over the glass, nor should the glass remain in the room longer than is necessary to detect the odour: Glass F contains the same liquid as used in glass B. with the athlition of one centigramme of aniline red scarlet. Glass I," contains the ordinary solution of blue litmus. Calcined magnesia is the solid substance which fills about one-third of glass a, and the ordinary syrupy soluble class or sodium sili-

===== 0002601_19080125_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

NORTHERN UNION.

RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Lancashire

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. Pts. Pte. Leeds* Hull K. itorms*... 4 5 23 liunslet 4 1 11 York* Honorer) Wakefield Trinity* 1 2 8 Hull Bradford* 1 5 17 Batley Rochdale Hornets* 3 7 27 St. Helens 1 3 11 Broughton Ran.* 5 731 Leigh 1 311 Salford* Warrington* Halifax 6 733 Ebbw Vale* *l 2 8 Oldham 2 0 4 Barrow* Merthyr Tydvil* 2 416 Huddersfield

===== 0002601_19080125_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Win Well at Swinton.

Warrington took a strong team to Swinton on Satur- day to play the return match with the `• Lions " and had no difficulty in heating them soundly for the second time this season. Beautifully fine weather prevailed and about 4,000 spectators assembled., Ssvinton bad their old forwsrd"L Preston, back again. He had only been re-transferred from Warrington the same week. Teams and officials :

Swinton—Townson, back; Wallwork, Hopwood, Walsh and Griffin, three-quarter backs ; Morgan and Cunningham. half-backs; Simister, Barnett, Lloyd, Rickers, J. Preston and W. Preston:forwards. Warrington—Tilley, back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son and Taylor, three-quarter backs; Brooks and Jenkins, half-backs ; A. E. Boardman, E Boardman Thomas, Belton, Heath and Harmer, forwards. Referee, Mr. E. 14. Smirk, Preston. Touch judges, Messrs. H. Davies, Flixton, and T. Melledew, Rochdale. Hornets.

I —Wewrr.in.gton lost the toss, and Thomas started, exchanges between Brooks and Wallwork witnessing the Swintonian faulty at fielding, and the visitors were at once on the aggressive. Warrington early claimed an advantage forward, and a penalty against Barnett was , well utilized by Thomas. Eventually the Warrington 'tacks got their passing machinery working, and Brooks and Jenkins baffling the opposition, Isherwood fed Fish, who jumped over Townson and scored finely. The try was made in a favourable position, and Thomas had little difficulty in adding the goal. Swinton pressed after this but there was little sting in the attack, and Tilley lad nob much difficulty in forcing the locals back to their quarters. The game took an even turn, several smart forward rushes more than counter- balancing the neat passing of the Warrington rear men. An injury to Thomas delayed the game slightly, and Swinton pressed a little and appeared to have a chance of drawing level when Tilley stumbled. The Warrington custodian, however, effected a fine recovery, and punted well down the field. Wallwork made a smart run, and appeared dangerous until Taylor arrested progress. Fish made another capital effort, but superior numbers spoiled his chance of crossing. Wild passing by the home backs gave Dickenson a chance, and the Swinton line was hotly assailed as the result of a smart pass to Taylor. Warrington continued to apply the pressure, and after Jenkins had been pulled up on the line the spectators were roused to a high pitch of enthu- siasm, when Brooks and Jenkins combined, and the three-quarter line again demonstrating their superiority, Fish put OD the finishing touch to a really brilliant movement. Thomas failed at goal, and at half-time the visitors led by one goal two tries (eight points) to nil.

On resuming Warrington were soon attacking and after Fish had plhced his side in a good position and Barnett had relieved, the superiority of the leaders was once more demonstrated when the backs got passing, and again the ball travelled in the direction of Fish who cleverly eluded several of the visitor, and scored his third try. The home men could not make any headway against the superior tactics of the opposition, and after Griffin had palpably fouled the Warrington half-back, and Thomas had placed a goal, the spectators were treated to another fine effort by Fish, who notched his fourth try. The game *arely escaped the home quarters, and near the close Taylor put on the finishing touch to a round of passing, and Thomas made a capital attempt to land the goal, the ball striking the post. Warrington alwacs held the upper hand, and both fore and aft they proved them- selves immeasurably the superior team. Result : Warrington, three goals five tries (21 points), Swinton nil.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SHIELD COMPETITION. WARRINGTON " A " V. EGERTON.

By arrangement this match, fixed to be played at Egerton, took place at Wilderspool on Saturday. There was a crowd of quite 4,000, the attraction being Watkin, the Abertillery three-quarter, who made his first appearance with the Warrington club. The visitor's were early compelled to adopt the defensive, and after Lloyd had effected a capital lUD, Forster fielded from play and scored near the corner. The same player again became prominent and scored near the posts to add the goal. Egerton then lost their full back through injury. Watkin next put on the finishing touch to a capital round of passing, whilst a forward rush over- came the Egerton defence and Kettle scored for Forster to add a second goal. Faulty fielding by the visitors gave Fairhurst an easy try,the interval arriving with Warrington leading by two goals five tries (19 points) to Egerton nil. Turning round Warrington again demonstrated their superiority, and a brilliant breakaway ended in Daintith scoring, for Watkin to goal. Lander next put on the finishing touch to a movement initiated by a Tinkler, whilst a couple of minutes later an opportune pass by Jordan was well taken by Makin, and Egerton were further in arrears. Forster gnaled. A rapid movement on the left let in Tinkler, whilst a try by Kettle gave Forster a chance to add his fourth goal. Forster next completed the day's scoring with an unconverted try, and the Warrington record read at the close as follows :—Five goals twelve tries (46 points), to Egerton nil.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW ZEALANDERS' RECORD.

The New Zealanders' record to date is as follows : * For. Against. Opponents. G. T. PTS. G. T. rts. Bromley Huddersfield Widnes 4 6 26 ... 1 3 11 Broughton RA ngers Wakefield Trinity 1 1 5 .., 1 1 5 Leeds St. Helens 3 6 24 ... 1 1 5 Merthyr Tydvil 3 7 27 ... 0 3 9 Keighley 0 3 9 ... 2 1 7 Wigan 1 2 8 ... 0 4 12 Barrow 0 1 3 ... 0 2 6 Hull Leigh • Oldham 2 1 7 ... 1 2 8 Runcorn Dewsbury and Batley Swinton Rochdale Hornets 9 5 19 ... 0 0 0 Bradford __ ___

Haliftrt Yorkshire 7 3 23 ... 2 0 4 Warrington 9 1 7 ... 1 2 8 Hunslet 4 1 11 ... 4 1 11 Salford 0 3 9 ... 1 0 2 'Wales , T-Tull Kingston Rovers 0 2 6 ... 0 1 3 ICumberland 3 1 9 ... 3 5 21 ' England Lancashire

G 5 75 335 ... 36 GO ' 252 Won. Lost. Drawn. 29 15 12 2

===== 0002601_19080125_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
PA DGATE.

JUNIOR BAZAAR.—A junior bazaar was held in the Infants' School on Saturday, the object being to raise funds to purchase a pair of oak gates for the churchyard enlargement. For the past two years a sewing party of girls, under the superintendence of the Misses Lily and Kitty Birtles, have assembled weekly in the Church House, and the result of their labours was seen in the well laden stalls. The sale was opened by Mrs. J. r Buckton. The fancy-work stall was in charge of M. Lily Birtles, who was assisted by the Misses Heat Buckley, E. Horridge, Turner, D. and L. Rigbey, Shot and Hatton. At the refreshment stall were Miss Birtles, Mrs. Parry, Mrs. Young, Mrs. P. J. Dutton, and Misses Litton, L. Farrington, D. Parry, A. Rathbonet Ellen Critchley, R. and L. Cartwright, B. and G. Leaity and B. Young. In charge of the pound stall were Miss Kitty Birtles, B. Horridge, E. Potter, E. Malpas and D. Court, while the fish pond was in charge of Misses Marie Hey, A. Jones, D. Rigbey, E. Parry, N. Court and B. Webb. A feature of the display was a handsome doll's bed in lacquer and brass, the work of Mr. William Parry of Fearnbead, and which had been most tastefully furnished and draped by Mrs. Parry. Concerts were held and were well patronized. The artistes taking part were the Misses M. Hey, L. Hatton, A. Heath, J. Haddock and Davenport and Master Geary. The fancy dancing of Miss Haddock calls for special comment she being encored each time. The total proceeds amounted to over .£27.

ae D. liss ttb, )rt

===== 0002601_19080125_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
EYE DISEASES

Cured without Operation Interesting and convincing Book POST FREE on mentioning "Warrington Examiner" Address : 168 Oxford Rd. ( 1 MELLOR, Eye Specialist, MANCHESTER I

===== 0002601_19080125_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSICHow to play music for Dancing. t 2 to 241 per week &wily earned. Send lie to Paor. Cx.aaa, Upper Pollard Street, Bradford.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
COLUMBIA

greatest ingers voices your own;, lwing-room

Doesn't such a fascinating possibility appeal to you P Then drop a line to-day for "Price Book 20," which gives particulars of our various cylinder and disc models, and our extensive repertoire of records, with description of the special COLUMBIA features which account for the distinctive " true to life" reproduction you always get from a "COLUMBIA." COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., Gen'l., 64 & 66, OXFORD STREIT, LONDON, W. GLASGOW go, Union St, CARDIFF t St Mary St. MANCHESTER: 54, Market St. Dealers Everywhere.

S• - v AI -. Stilikr. _., 1, z.... . ‘k, rO 4.----- _ ) WiliN 111 dm 111 W ' lAk ' s *-_,--A,„ok- •" '''.:s tr .1.0=6.1"..._ meanS' , --- - -

===== 0002601_19080125_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
NNUAL SAL

E

GENUINE REDUCTIONS in DRESS MATERIALS, Blouse Fabrics, Household Articles, &c, PATTERNS and SALE PRICE LIST to

)ther with ordinary PRICE LIST

[clearly shown

HEAVY REDUCTIONS

===== 0002601_19080125_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
POST FREE. NEED NOT BE RETURNED.

LUTAS LEATHLEY & CO., Dept. IA, The Warehouse, A3hILEY, LEEDS.

„.. coAL B,N. ~-:o. , k---., ~...4.;1N, ~//,, -5- i..1,-:':---- ...,7 ~,7, - , ..,,,-..,„ , , . .:.I : / A t IT P :, la) koi Cc.” ".......',- - ,_____..4• /'cn !. ,A\ 4.0--, ' -•0,,,K.1.-.72, 4;..:... , ~v,/ • Y'eff.:`, , . „. .' . ... . 15 vp -, .... , " LARGE ;,. ''.' , ;..L....... •-•".. INEP ~ Esss,C4 siOI,ND -•• ,&CERB ' '',. •• C C r4s' ...' MALL . ~:15;.MALL Ru'• -:: -. BOTTLES. .. . .

===== 0002601_19080125_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

PRINTING.

:OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, etc., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or taney paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neateAt style. from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMME9 for Entertainmento, Concerts &c.. In tbe latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP3 lON BOOKS Prfated. Bound. Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective. •.' EZI

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, go,

CATALOGUICE4 for Public Ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

PRIC LAI Printed o 1--P-Mort3aml troded.ftrequlred.

JOHN WALKER & CO:

CONTRIBUTION CARDS NOTICES OF MEETINGS RAFFLE TICKETS ENVELOPESI

BALANCE SHEETS POSTERS! DRAWING TICKETS POST CARDS 3

CRICKET FIXTURES. EVERY DESCRIPTION OP PRiNTM

[AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, Isvoro PRICE LISTS, CIRCULAR s, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, Mna. WORK, CATALOGUES, • CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, - BALANCE SHEETS, KZ% ,ITTED AT SNORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS. Attention Is Invited to ear Ni.!! FOUNTS OP TYI and WOOD LETTBR for Large Posters. FOR ALL RINDS OP DRAT PORTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE, 40 z 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS ,IN 'iTHE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTINI ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FORI PAPER RULIN

===== 0002601_19080125_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPH!

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"EXAMINER 1 OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080125_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Me*

===== 0002601_19080125_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

ne

===== 0002601_19080125_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19080125_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not /ater than Thursday.

Staggering Humanity. Sir,—Since Paul Kruger, when President of the South African Republic, used that historic and prophetic phrase about " staggering humanity," I have often thought how applicable it is to some of our social evils, and to some of the sights which are often seen in our streets. 1 was forcibly reminded of it a few days ago when I saw in the streets of Warrington a boy about 14 or 15 years of age staggering under a load which was enough for a man. Noticing my inclination to speak to him, he hastened on, evidently fearing that any delay or complaint might lead to his dismissal. How many of your readers must have noticed similar cases? Cannot public opinion be brought to bear upon those who use boys like beasts of burden ? Ido not think in many cases the masters or employers are directly responsible. It is a class of thoughtless shop- men and bullies who don't care who suffer so long as the work is done at the minimum of expense and trouble to themselves. If such things are allowed to continue I fear the growing generation will grow up with many twists and distortions. The number who have been permanently injured by such heavy and unreasonabie burdens must be considerable. But this, unfortunately, is not the only way in which boys are treated with scant consideration. In works, shops, offices and warehouses some of them are little better than slaves, and Longfellow's advice to " be not like dumb driven cattle " must seem like mockery to many poor boys who are the victims of modern sweaters. At that period of their lives, after leaving school. between the ages of 14 and 18, when boys need the most help, guidance and protection, they seem to get the least. What is everybody's business is nobody's in this as in other social problems, and the remedy seems to lie in creating a centre of sympathy and activity, and in asking some section of society to be responsible. We need some organisation, say a Boys' Protection Society, to which boys could belong and to which they could apply for advice and J 1 protection when they are ill treated or oppressed whilst I trying to do their duty. Let the boy who is unjustly and harshly treated, and whose parents are unable to help him, know that, if he has done his part, Society I will at least make some little effort for him and that I someone will listen to him patiently,advise him kindly, and help him if possible. This I think would be the best and most hopeful kind of Socialism, and the truest remedy for that appalling! apathy and indifference which characterises the age. I Let Society take more interest in the welfare of the boy and then as a man he will take more interest in the I welfare of Society. The embittered Socialist who has I been hardened by injustice and adversity, says: what I did Society do for me after leaving school ? I Allowed me to be bullied, kicked about and treated like a dog, in what should have been the I happiest period of my life. Why should Ido anything I for Society. I hope and believe it is practical to form such a society as I have suggested, and in the meantime permit me to close this appeal for "our boys " with a ,Trthetic story about one of those specimens of I staggering humanity " which are seen mostly in our large cities. A boy carrying a heavy load in the streets of London fell beneath the wheels of a cab. He was carried in a dying condition to the nearest hospital. When the doctor was attending to him the boy said, "Is there any chance for me doctor ?" " Well, my lad," the doctor replied, " it's only about one chance in a hundred." "I say, doctor," the boy whispered after a painful operation, "go in like thunder on that one chance."

I wonder how many heroes such as he are staggering under heavy loads? Yours, &c., W. CHRIMES.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
679, Knutsford rd., Latchford, Jan. IS, 1903. Is Interest Robbery ?

Sir,-1 regret to see in Mr. Reeves' lettn the state- ment that he has nothing to add to his former answer. I wish his answer was as satisfactory to me as it seems to be to himself. I fear your readers will get tired of my horse and cart problem, but we get no clearer light upon the question. We saw that he who hired the horse and cart benefited by the use of this form of capital to a greater extent than the amount he paid in interest or hire, that this extra gain was the reason why he volun- tarily hired the horse and cart instead of going on with his barrow. I pointed out that the owner of the horse , and cart could have used his labour product in this or other form for his own advantage. Instead of gaining in this way he elected to take the gain in the payment from another for the use of this labour product. Where then is the wrong or robbery? Mr. Reeves' answers do not seem to me to appreciate or to meet the diffi- culty. The fact is Mr. Reeves' thoughts and my own are not on the same thing, nut- do they work on the same lines. We are approaching the question by entirely different methods. My desire first is to settle the question of capital and interest by reference to moral . considerations, and by the help of simple illustrations I in which there are no complicating factors. I want to do this as a preliminary to the application of these principles to present day social conditions. Mr. Reeves on the other hand has his mini on the social conditions of to-day and the wronc in them appears to him to be the result of the payment of interest to capital. Be therefore condemns interest as robbery, and would, without further trial, and on suspicion only, by the nniek method of lynch law hang high the interest receiver. Let me illustwe the different methods. Suppose I have a steam yacht and wish to test its steaming capacity. I should choose still water and a calm day, I should thus get the exact speed at which the yacht could travel under normal conditions. If I were to try to test the capacity of the yacht by taking it into the open sea, in the teeth of an adverse wind, against the tide and exposed to various cross currents it would be impossible for rue to estimate the capacity of the engines unless I had exact knowledge of the effect of everyone of the opposing conditions. In like manner in trying to ascertain whether the payment of interest involves robbery to labour it is best ta consider illustrations in which only the question of interest and capital is involved. In so , doing we can see exactly what effect each factor has. On the other hand by adopting Mr. Reeves' method and placing the illustrations, as he does in the latter part of his last letter„' in circumstances which confuse the issue by the introduction of various other factors, such as rent, I monopoly, wages of superintendence and profit, we are landed in a fog. By this method it is difficult to trace the influence of interest pure and simple, it is so con- fused with other factors. It seems to me therefore my plan is the better one. First settle the right or wrong of the principle of Interest by simple illustrations and then we will the better be able to trace its effect in more complex conditions. Mr. Reeves may reply that the complex conditions are the ones which exist, just as he might say that the steam yacht has to be prepared to sail against wind and tide. This is no doubt true, but just as in the case of the yacht the object was to ascertain the steaming capacity and not the effect of wind and tide, so in this matter, the object was to determine not whether labour was robbed, but whether interest was the robber. I fear that Mr. Reeves and I working on these different lines viii never come to an agreement ; this being so, I weuld suggest leaving the question, as far as this correspondence is concerned. And Ido this the more readily because I am to have the pleasure at an early date of debating this very question with the Independent Labour Party when I trust we may be able to get to closer quarters than seems possible in this correspondence. CHARLES E. PARKER. Penketh, January 20th, 1908. LIEUTENANT-COLONEL EDELSTEN. _— Appointment older the Territorial Army Scheme. Our readers will be pleased to hear that Lieutenant- Colonel J. A. Edelsten, commanding. officer of the Warrington Volunteers, has been appointed Secretary of the West Lancashire Division Territorial Force. Members of the Volunteer Battalion in particular have reason to feel proud of the distinction which has been conferred upon the corps through its respected colonel. The appointment, of course, is a new one rendered necessary by Mr. Haldane's scheme under whieh the Volunteers cease to exist under their old name and the territorial force comes into being. The result -will be a re-modelling of the Volunteer system which -will henceforth be complete with artillery, engineers, cavalry, and medical units, all efficiently organized. Lancashire is split into two divisions —the East Lancashire Division which embraces practically the whole of the cotton district and the West Lancashire Division which covers the remainder. Each division will be responsible for the provison of 19,000 men. The headquarters of the West Lancashire Division will be at Liverpool and a great deal of the work will devolve upon Lieutenant-Colonel Edelsten as secretary. The duties, however, could not be in better hands for on the passing of the Territorial Forces Act, Colonel Edelsten was selected to take part at the War Office in the drafting at the new regula- tions and during the autumn he served on a committee under the presidency of the Secretary of State for War. He is a most enthusiastic worker in the Volunteer movement and has been connected with the Wnrrington Corps since 1887, having served as Polonel since 1003.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
vamp

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL

By " Ovalist."

ISHERWOOD'S BENEFIT.

" Danny " Isherwood's great thy has arrived ! To-day he will take the proceeds of the first benefit match ever given by the Warrington Club, and who shall say he has ant well-earned the honour and reward. Isherwood has been playing for the War- rington Club ever since 1895, and in that period there has been no more reliable centre threequarter or more respected player in Lancashire. He h.s played for his county too, but the bulk of his fame has been sv CI with the Warrington Club, to which he has always given loyal and whole-hearted service. I hope we shall have a fine day to-day, and that the Sparta- men of Warrington will roll up in their thousands and " pay, pay pay." Tickets for the match have sold well, and there should be a fine match and a bumper benefit.

Broughton Rangers are always a welcome side at Wilderspool, and usually give the locals a hard battle for supremacy. To-day should provide no exception, and Warrington will need to give of their best to overcome the p)werful team the Rangers have selected. On present form Warrington should certainly win, and I hope they will do it handsomely to celebrate the benefit.

The Broughton team will be as follows : —Barlow, full back ; Hardyman, C. James, Hogg, Harris, three- quarters ; S. James, Flynn, half backs ; Darlison, Mottram, Clampitt, Grainey, Winskill and Beetham, forwards.

The Warrington team will he : --Tilley. full back ; Fish, Isherwood,Dickenson and Taylor, threequarters ; Brooks and Lloyd, half backs; Thomas. A. Board- man, P. Boardman, Shngars, Heath and F. Jenkins, forwards.

.n • , I " . , , 01101114, ,- '1 .:Pr ,0,0,', • , ~,i. ,;,,,,,,, . . '.1," ' t • ,t: .• ~..,„' :, 7,,,, 1,, ' -, ,- ; , ,1;' .• : ' ,'".' ,;)k, , irtil- :-.4. , :1-i • 4 .' ‘,....... • e•,-,.,, t:i,-- .. DAN. ISIIERWOOD.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S NEW WELSIIIIEN.

Warrington will soon be as Welsh as Wigan, but no lone will mind that if the quality of the players from the Land of the Leek keeps as high. This week has seen another important capture in the person of Frederick George Jenkins, of Newport, one of the reserve forwards for the Wales-England match last Saturday. Jenkins was born in South Africt, and has played football with Aberavon and Newport. He is only 21, but is spoken of as one of the speediest and smartest young forwards in Wales. Ile stands 51t. llins. high arid weighs 13st. Gibs. Warrington have been in need of another brward or two, and Jenkins should prove a valuable acquisition.

Last Saturday saw the dabut of Evan Watkins, the 'Abertillery three-quarter, with Warrington " A " team. The match was of rather a scrappy nature, ! and Watkins did not get much chance of distinguishing himself. He played a fair game, however, and was well coached by Jordan. He gave evidence of football ability, and should rapidly improve when he gets familiar with the Northern Union game.

There was a fine crowd at the " A " team match with Egerton on Saturday, and the proceeds totalled £33,0f which the visitors took half. Warrington won by 46 points to nil. Soma reckless forward charging —which ought to be checked—resulted in the -visiting full-back being injured early on.

The " A " team will have a stiff engagement to-day at Broughton, but with the strong team selected they should win. The team is : Jordan, full back ; Landor, Kenyon, and Tinkler, three-quarters ; Daintith and Cartwright, half backs ; Harmer, Jolley, Forster, Kettle, Morley, and Bradshaw, forwards.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AT SWINTON.

Swinton will have good reason to remember Warrington this season, for the Wirepullers have badly mangled the " Dons' " tail. On December 7th at Warrington the Blues had 33 points scored against them, and on Saturday Warrington ran up another 21 points. On both occasions Swinton were nilled, so they should have a good opinion of both the Warring- ton attack and defence. As a matter of fact there is only Oldham, the league leaders and the luckiest team in the universe, who have had less points scored against them than Warrington. The two ebbs stand alone in the league table, as the only ones with less than 100 points against. After beating Barrow with ease at Cavendish park, Warrington were confident of lowering the Swinton colours once more. Curiously enough the score, on successive Saturdays, was exactly the same, viz. 3 goals, 5 tries (21 points).

--- This is a standard of scoring Warrington might try to maintain. They have an outside chance of getting into one of the select four places at the top of the League, but they must beat Broughton to-day and Salford on Monday, February 3, in order to step higher. The fixture list shows only three more away matches, viz. : Leeds,Bradford and Wigan on the next three Saturdays and two or three points should be forthcoming even from these stiff engagements. , There have yet to come to Warrington : Broughton, Salford, Wigan, Bradford, Hull, Leeds, Ebbw Vale and St. Helens The local club is thus very favour- ably placed in the League, and if a determined effort is made, should stand a very fair chance of contesting the championship.

The dimplay at Swinton was all that could be desired, but in truth the opposition was terribly weak. The Swinton Lion has lost weight sadly, and presents a very poor physique Until this is remedied the promising young players in the bactc division can have little hope of improving matters.Warrington's forwards, though without Shugars, easily dominated the situa- tion, and the backs had ab.mt the easiest game of the season. Under the circumstances it would have been a disgrace if the passing had been anything else but high-class. Brooks and Jenkins were irresistible, and the three-quarters combined perfectly. Dickenson and Isherwood were both at their best, and Fish dis- tinguished himself by scoring the first four tries—a feat he has not equalled since the overwhelming of Huddersfield by 50 points last season. Seeing that he had a very bad chest, Fish's running was surprisingly good, and he quite opened the eyes of some Swinton folk who thought he was becoming a back number. Is Jack qualifying at the last minute for one of the Test matches?

It was noted that Thomas and P. Boardman dis- tinguished themselves with fine open play. Harmer distinguished himself in the opposite direction by missing an easy try when a yard from the line. He has not shown the best form of late, and in my opinion Forster should be promoted. A man who can score 20 points fnr the " A " team as he did not Saturday is too good for second-class football. With the exception of Thomas is there a single first team forward who would be likely to equal the feat in the same company? Under some clubs Forster would be considered a second Pailbury. Why will the Warrington Com- mittee never take him seriously ?

The first of the three test matches between the Northern Union and the All Blacks takes place to-day at Leeds. The NAT. team will be as follows: Taylor (Hull), Leytham and Jenkins (Wigan) ; Llewellyn (Oldham) and Eccles (Halifax) ; Jolley (Runcorn) and J. Thomas (Wigan) ; L. Smith (Oldham), I). Jones (Merthyr), Robinson (Halitax), Wilson (Hunslet), Warwick (Salford), and Ruddick (Broughton).

===== 0002601_19080125_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E;l2=

===== 0002601_19080125_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 25, 1908.

THE LEAGUE. The League table up-to-date is as follows : For. Agst. Per-

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c t ge. Oldham Hunslet Wigan 2O 15 4 1 50 85 355 26 25 127 7750 Broughton lB 13 4 1 35 58 244 20 28 124 7500 Keighley 2O 14 6 0 41 48 226 32 30 154 70.00 Salford Warrington Hull 2l 13 8 0 41 46 220 25 25 135 6100 Hull K. R. 2O 12 8 047 51 217 31 40 182 60119 Halifax Bradford 9112 9 0 34 47 209 26 56 220 57.14 Wakefield T lB 9 8 1 34 46 206 38 43 205 5277 Batley l9 10 9 036 42 198 30 45 195 52.63 Runcorn Rochdale Barrow lB 8 10 0 12 40 144 18 40 156 44'44 Dewsbury lB 7 11 0 29 34 160 31 42 188 3888 Leeds Leigh Hudriersflld York 2O 614 032 35 169 52 53 263 3000 Merthyr Swinton Ebbw Vale lB 4 13 1 13 18 80 35 59 247 2500 Bramley St. Helens 2l 416 1 22 31 137 42 93 363 21.'42 Widnes l9 3 14 2 15 29 117 32 56 232 21'05

Hunslet met with their first defeat on Saturday at the bands of Hull Kingston Rovers, while Oldham once more scraped home by a narrow margin, this 1 time at Barrow. If they had had their deserts they ' would have been beaten three or four times by now. They are not the best team in the League by a lump ! Runcorn created the surprise of the afternoon by repeating last year's performance and being the only team to win at Wigan.

The South West Llncashire League table up-to-date is as follows : Points.

P. W. L. D. Fc:i;. Agst. Pts Wigan Runcorn 9... 5 ... 4 ... 0 70 63 ... 10 Warrington Leigh St. Helens 7 .. 2 5 .. 0 ... 36 ...116 ... 4 Widnes -- Warrington acd Wigan meet t :vice, and on the result of these engagements depends the South West Lancashire Championship. Wigan were practically sure of success until Runcorn upset calculations last Saturday. Now Wigan will have to beat Warrington and Widnes at Wigan. The Wirepuller% have an outside chance by beating St. Helens and Wigan here, and drawing or winning at Wigan.

in defiance of the law. If the director said they would not be within their legal rights in granting an exemp tion, they stood by the law. The Committee reserved the right to take into consideration special circumstances which warranted exemptions, in accordance with the intention and spirit of the law. If the resolution were referred back it would only meet with the same fate,so the Committee would only be wasting time. Rather than reconsider the matter he would resign his seat, if he was not to allow his sympathies to weigh in extra- ordinary cases, his position would be extremely painful and, in fact, intolerable, and he could not stand it. The Committee would be foolish in parting with the authority which enabled them to deal with extreme cases.

Mr. KINGDON said the point or issue was whether the Committee had any discretionary power.in the direction indicated by Councillor Neild.

Mr. KonEras said his opinion was that the Committee had no discretion at all. Their duty was so very clearly defined that they had no option if a child between the ages of 13 and 14 was shown to the satisfaction of the authority to be beneficially employed, but to grant an exemption under certain conditions plainly set forth. Income and position did not effect the question. The child of the biggest blackguard could demand exemption if employed to the satisfaction of the Committee. Judging from what had been said the Committee wanted the discretion which they had been exercising in defiance of the restrictions Contained in the bye-laws. He entirely agreed that the time had come when the school age should be raised. If the Committee bad granted exemptions on other grounds than those set forth in the bye-laws and had therefore acted Illegally, the general Committee had no right to sanction such illegality. The DIRECTOR said that on several occasions the School Attendance Committee had been told by him- self or his assistant that the exemption they were granting was Illegal. He thought the members of the Committee would bear that out.

Councillor BALL said the statement had been made in his presence many times. The committee, he con- tinued, had interpreted beneficial employment as being home employment for the assistance of the mother with a young and struggling family, but such exemptions were strictly illegal and Mr. Murray had pointed it out on several occasions. He (Councillor Ball) at the last committee meeting proposed that it should be impossibe for a child who had not passed the seventh standard to leave school unless it was 14 years of age, and that the discretionary power should be dispensed with. It was an ironical commentary on our exist- ing social order that it should be left to a sub-committee of the Education Committee to deal with poverty and distress when their special object was to see that the child had a proper education, and he felt that his attitude was in accord with the general views expressed by trade union and labour forces. He was surprised that the local Trades Council was not prepared to grant power to its representative to support his resolution. He could only assume that in labour politics, be was somewhat ahead of the members locally. (Laughter.) In 1904 the percentage of exemptions was 5-9 ; in 1905 5.8 ; in 1906 78 ; and 1907 73. That seemed to show that the Com- mittee were being more lenient than they ought to be in the granting of exemptions. Many cases which came before them appealed to his own sentiment and heart, but he had always felt that in the long run it was in the best interests of the family and the children that for one year longer the child should be compelled to go to school. Under their recently-conferred powers for the feeding of school children, they had the opportunity of relieving some of the poverty of the most painful nature. Therefore they should see that the age limit was raised and adhered to. In his resolutions his only supporter was Father Wilson. the Rev. Father WILSON said he was extremely sur- prised that Councillor Ball's proposal was opposed by those whom he (Pother Wilson) thought would be the I first to support it. He understood their policy was to discourage child labour for the very reason that it reflected hardship on adults who were out of work and he hold that, though there might be individual cases of temporary hardship, it would be very much for the general good of the town if the resolution abolishing what was called the " dunce " certificate had been carried. He did not think it was fair to the Committee that they should have the discretionary power. The School Attendance Committee was not the authority to deal with cases of hardship. Their duty was to administer the law. Mr. JOLLEY said that when he read the School Attendance Committee's resolution he wondered whether the Committee was composed of fossil Tories and whether we were living in the 20th ' century or not. (Laughter.) When he came to look at the personnel of the Committee he found it would not be open to the just accusation of consist- ing largely of Conservative members and he felt a little relieved on the score. If the mambori could not be described as fossil Tories he was afraid some of them must be almost prehistoric fogeys,at any rate.( Laughter.) qr. Jolley strongly supported the suggested raising of the school age aud the abolition of any discretionary power, and maintained that if the School Attendance Committee deliberately set at defiance the wishes of the I full committee, the full committee had means of making refractory committees carry out what was or ought to be the deliberate conviction of anyone who came there with the interests of education at heart. Mr. Upson had rendered a public service by moving the amendment. They could not have progress without the cases of hardship. Many of the evils alluded to were due to moral causes and some to economic causes. It was, however, no part of the committee's duty to shirk their I responsibilities in regard to the special purpose for which they were called into existence. Mr. G. WALKEa said the Committee had interpreted beneficial employment very much in favour of distressed parents. Where he had thought it would be to the advantage of a household that a child should be freed from attendance at school, he had willingly agreed to it, because he believed that something to eat was often of more use than education. He did not agree that deserving parents should be pauperised in order to obtain relief. It was imposhible to listen to the harrow- ing tales of some of the people who appeared before them without allowing them to have some weight. Nlr. BRADSHAW suggested that Mr. Jolley should be transferred to the School Attendance Committee as he appeared to be possessed of all the intelligence or at least the committees with which he was connected had all the intelligence. (Laughter.) If he joined the School attendance Committee he would perhaps not hear as much "tittle-tattle"as on some other bodies with which he was connected and the committee did not even want a Local Government Board Inspector to correct it. (Laughter.) The Rev. JAMES DAVIES suggested that the granting bwithe eibuyi vt leo oi nt sitni t vu at no oe woulde Is e d oo ff ef rxeeemspothi oo lnasr could ho iupl sd wb eh idoihs to the money which the children could earn. Councillor NIELD said he had been under a misappre- hension. It they were not acting within their legal rights, he withdrew all that he had said and was willing that the matter should be referred back. He had been absolutely misled. Alderman ELLISON said the extreme case mentioned by Mr. Upson was re-considered and the parents were brought to book. Sickness and poverty had played a great part in the granting of exemptions, but ha would be glad if the Committee had no discretionary powers, , The Committee then divided with the following result :

AGAINST. Councillor Evans „ Barton „ Singleton „ Dickenson „ Steel Nield f r Mr. Plinston „ Bradshaw „ Walker-9.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
BAND OF HOPE UNION.

Protest Against Proposed Licensing Transfer.

A large and representative social gathering of Band of Hope workers, was held in the %Vintner Leigh Caf4, Sankey-street, on Thursday evening under the presidency of Mrs. James Dodds (president of the Union), who held a reception from 7.30 to 8.0. The proceedings opened with prayer by the Rev. C. Harvey- Cook. In her presidential address Mrs. Dodds, who was enthusiastically received, expressed the great pleasure it afforded her to meet such a large assembly of Band of Hope workers, and spoke of the increasing need for further effort to extend the move- ment and counteract the efforts the brewers and publicans were making to capture the town. She also appealed to all present to do a little more for the temperance c 'use and more especially amongst the rising generation who would be the men and women of the future. She also expressed her deep regret that the hon. secretary (Mr. F. Gaudy), was unable to be present owing to family affliction and also referred to the illness of their late president (Mr. R. A. Naylor) and expressed the hope that he would speedily be restored to health and strength, and also that Mr. Gaudy might soon be able to again join in the work of the Union which he had so much at heart. (Hear, hear.) Au interesting and instructive address was delivered by Mr. Edwards, of Owen's College, Manchester, Lecturer of the Lancashire and Cheshire B. H. Union, in which he spoke of the many advantages of total abstinence ; dealing principally with the effects of alcohol on the mental powers. On the proposition or the Rev. C. HARVEY COOK, seconded by Mr. FERNLEY a heists, Vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Eiwarde, and on the Proposition of Rev.J.S.HuGHEs seconded by Mr.T.Dar.r: a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mrs. D )(ids for her kindness in presiding. Mr. EDWARDS and Mrs. DODDS responded, after which refreshments were served and the rest of the evenint was devoted to gi nes in which the young people entered most heartily. During the evening a pe:ition calling upon the Government to include in its new Licensing Bill a clause to prohibit children under It; years of age being taken into public-houses Pres extensively signed. The following resolution was proposed by Mrs. Dodds : " That this meeting of the Warrington Bind of Hope workers desires to enter its emphatic protest against the proposed transfer of the Bridge Inn licence to the Gorsey-lame district arid whilst pointing out that the evil will be greatly aggravated owing to the proximity of the Bearnont Council School, expresses the hope that the transfer will not be granted." The Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS said that as a Band of Hope Union they were directly interested in child life. That was a simple and significant reason for his cordially seconding the resolution. The resolution was unanimously passed.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" The Little areadwinner.."

This is a simple,homeli and touching drama and,as presented by J. A. Campbell's powerful company, has constituted a strong attraction at the Royal Court Theatre this week. Mr. Campbell is the author of the piece and the fact that the production is under his supervision is a guarantee of its completeness. The play is well written and makes a powerful appeal io the sympathies of the audience. Lord William Do rrington, a Quaker of the strictest type, has a win- some grand-daughter, Margaret Daventry, who is engaged to Richard Lawrence, his adopted son. When the play opens Richard has been giving Lord William some anxiety by his wildness, and Charles Prior,his lordship's private secretary,a cringing Uriah Heep-like sort of character, who has determined to enrich himself at his master's expense, poisons the stern old Quaker's mind by false charges against the wayward Richard. Lird William's pride in the family honour receives such a shock that he turns Richard from home but Niargaret, confident oE his innocence, bravely declares her intention of accompanying her lover. Eleven years elapse and Richard arid his wife, robbed by the designing secretary of the allowance which Lord William had arranged to send, are living in direst poverty. Their one comfort is their daughter, little -Meg, " the bread-winner " who supplements the scanty earnings of her father by singing in the streets. She is a little fairy in a scene of utter desolation and helps to cheer the home on many a dark day: How a reconciliation is at length affected between Lord William and the much- wronged couple, despite the machinations of Prior, is seen in the rest of the play which is not withaut its exciting and laughable sides. The "little bread- winner " of courser plays her part in the happy con- summation for she speedily captures the affections of Lord William and is the popular heroine of a delight- ful play. In the title role little Marjorie Lawrence ' does admirably and gives every promise of a success- ful career. She is not only a pleasing actress but can sing and dance cleverly, and her sweet rendering of the pathetic song " Daddy " is one of the most " taking " features. Mr. H. B. Peppin has made a • good study of the part of Lord William Dorrington which could hardly be better pourtrayed. Mr. Alfred • Maurice as the confidential secretary displays talent of a high order, the alternating moods of pious hypocrisy and open villainy being strikingly depicted. Mr. Louis Lingard gives a fine and vig woes version of Richard Lawrence and Miss Janet Warden is a charming and devoted t.irgaret Da ventry. Mr.Geo.Brentwo d infuses a great deal of buoyant humour into the role of Charles Prior, and Miss Lissa Young makes a decided " hit " as Bobby Trott.. All the other parts are in capable ' hands.

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. The long looked-for visit of Messrs. Dottridge and Longden's pantomime "Aladdin" which has been an enormous success in Liverpool, is announced for next week. The many sucesses of the above firm are well known to playgoers, their dramstic productions including " King of Crime," " A City of Sin," " The Village Blacksmith," "In the Shadow of Night," " Man's Enemy," "The Midnight Mail," &c. For over twenty years they have been catering for the public and the pantomine promises to enhance their high reputation. The company will include Miss Fanny Wright as " Aladdin" and Mr. Picton Roxborough as " The Emperor." There will be numerous speciality turns, and the staying and dressing will be on an elaborate scale. A matinee will be held on Saturday afternoon at 2.30.

Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds; never fails. 1/la, 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE. THE GRANTING OF EXEMPTIONS. School Attendance Committee Criticised.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee was held at the Town Hall on Monday even- ing, Councillor J. Fulton-Smith presiding. There were also present :—Aldermen Tionion, Bennett, Evans and Ellison, Councillors Barton, Evans, Dickenson, Singleton, Nield, Steel, Ball. Revs. Canon Morley Stevenson, Father N. Wilson and John Yonge, Miss Williams, Messrs. H. Roberts, A. J. Jolley, C. S. Burgess, J. Upson, C. E. Parker, R. T. Fairclough, E. Plinston, T. P. Bradshaw, EL Kingdon, G. Walker, C. H. Unsworth, J. Moore Murray (director of education), and J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer). A letter was read from Mrs. James Fairclough acknowledging the committee's vote of condolence on the death of her husband. OFFICIALS' SALARIES.

The Finance Committee recommended the following increases of salary from April Ist :—Mr. A. S. Elliot, stores clerk, from £143 10s. to £l5O ; Mr. I. C. Pharoah, higher education clerk, from £94 to £lOO 103. ; Mr. R. Price, statistical clerk, from £5B 10s. to £65 ; Miss M. E. Austin, typist, from £5B 10s. to £65 ; Mr. P. W. Smith, committee and minute clerk,from £39 to £45 10s.

Mr. JOLLEY explained that the increases were of a routine character, and in accordance with the scale for the office.

The minutes were approved. TEACHERS' SALARIES.

The School Nianagement Committee submitted the annual list of increases of sAlaries of elementary school teachers' the total amount of advances being £1,078. Canon STENENSON in moving the adoption of the minutes said he regretted the list of increases was a longer one than that moved by Mr. Jolley—(laughter) —but the same remark applied to it—it was simply according to scale. BAPTISTS AND THE BOLTON SCHOOL. . . _ ' '

At a meeting of the school Management Committee, letters were read from the Minister and Secretary of the Latchford Baptist Church as to the constitution of the body of Managers appointed for the new Bolton Council school, and directions were given as to the , reply to be sent thereto. The Rev. Canon STEVENSON said the letters were to the effect that the great proportion of the managers were attached to one particular denomination and that was felt to be a grievance. The committee had never made any inquiry,in appointing managers,as to their religious opinions and he ventured to think it would be a great mistake if they did. He personally was uot cognisant of the religious denomination to which some of the gentlemen belonged until the committee received the illuminating letter which shed light upon it. What they wanted to get was not persons of one particular denomination or another,but persons who were interested in the neighbourhood where the school was situated, who would give the necessary time, and who had some experience in the management of schools and took a real interest in the school itself. He hoped the com- mittee would take a broad view of the question and not be led into what he must think to be the somewhat narrow path which the Latchford letter had placed before then).

BATHS ACCO AIM° DATION. A PLEA. FOR THE GIRLS. Canon STEVENSON said the Committee regretted very much that the Baths Committee were unable at present to extend to the girls the facilities which had been afforded with such good results to the boys. fhey had hoped that it might be possble to arrange, if only once or twice in a week, that the ladies' bath might be placed at the disposal of the girls and they regretted it could not be so.However,there was hope of an extension of the baths in due course and when that came about they hoped they would be able to do something for the girls. He hoped the extension would take place sooner than the Warrington Bridge improvement (Laughter.) Ever since he came to Warrington twenty-ilve years ago the bridge was either going to be widened or a new bridge was going to be made. He still lived in hopes of seeing that done, but it required a certain amount of faith now. (Laughter.) He trusted the extension of the baths would not be so long I delayed, for he felt sure public opinion was ripening on the subject and if they did not do something for the girls soon they would be turning them into suffragettes. (Laughter.) Mr. UPsoNsaid many members of the committee were of opinion that something might be done at the present time. It WAS possible they might hive to wait until they were dead find forgogen before any extension of the baths took place. (Applause.) Thev thought that even with the present cramped accommodation some facilities might be afforded LANCASHIRE TRAINING COLLEGES. Canon STEVENSON explained that the School Manage- ment Cinamittee recommended that repnesentatives be appointed to attend a conference at the invitation of the Lancashire County f" ninon, who had asked whether Warrington would be to co-operate with other authorities in the county to provide one or more training colleges. The question, he said, was not so simple as it appeared at first sight. He would not go into the matter, because it was in its first stage, but there could be no harm in attending the conference, sad hearing what other people had to say. The whole of the School Management Committee's minutes were unanimously approved.

THE GRANTING; c..[ EXENIPTIONS. HAS THE CONINIITTEE EXCEEDED ITS POWERS?

At a meeting of the School Attendance Committee, notice of motion having been given to amend the bye- laws dealing with school attendance (made under the various Education Acts) by the omission of Clause 5 (b), viz. :—" A child between 13 and 14 years of age, shown to the satisfaction of the Local Authority to be beneficially employed, shall not be required to attend school, if such child has obtained a certificate that it has made 350 attendances, after five years of age, in not inure than two schools in each year for five years, whether consecutive or not."—The matter was carefully considered, and the motion was put to the vote, two voting for and seven against it. The motion being lost, it was resolved, that a reply be sent to the communication received from the Warrington Head Teachers' Association upoa this subject, to the effect that this Committee is not pre- pared to recommend the Education Coffmittee to withdraw the discretionary power contained in the bye-laws, and that they will continue to carry out the bye-laws as they at present exist. Alderman ELLISON in moving the adoption of the Committee's minutes said they were still face to face with the question of accommodation which had been before the Committee since 1809. There was now almost a threat on the part of the Board of Education to reduce the grant, and he hoped steps would be taken to carry out the necessary alterations at the school. Councillor BARTON seconded. Mr. UesoN moved that the resolution with regard to the granting of exemptions be not approved. He did not charge all the members of the committee with indifference on that vital question but he thought the majority wanted a little light betting into their minds with regard to it. The present byelaws provided that if a child at the age of 13 could produce a certificate showing it had made 350 attendances for five years, it °quid be exempted from further attendance at school. Every educational authority and every educationist,had felt for a long time that the mininram was a very low one and that the ideal condition would be to keep the child in school until it was 14. All Labour Associations, Trades Councils and Trades Conferences had pleaded for the raising of the school age and many authorities had moved in the matter, thus giving the scholars in those towns a better start in life than Warrington I children had. The Head Teachers' Association quarrelled with some members of the Committee because they had not applied the existing byelaws as they stood. They had adopted a certain method of special exemption by which they allowed children to leave school who had not complied with the statutory obligations of the byelaws. That was a somewhat serious thing to say, hilt it was a fact. " Our fathers" continued Mr. Up 4011" fought against the autocracy of Kings. We defeated long since the oligarchy of the nobles. It has remained for the 20th century to pro- dnce a body of gentlemen who are above the law. They sit to administer the law and they themselves break the law." (Laughter.) He could give many startling instances of what the Committee had seen fit to do. The Committee had no power to partially exempt a child from attendanoe except for half-time under the Factory Acts and they had no power to say a child could leave school at the age of 13 if it could not pro- duce a certificate of reviler attendance. Although the comments of the head teachers were invited as to the wisdom or otherwise of granting an exemption in every Case, very little notice was taken of the remarks by the Committee. He had protested again and again against the granting of exemptions where there had been no need for them. In one case an exemption was granted on the ground of poverty when the father was earning £3 or .C 4 a week and had actually bought tne boy us bicycle and a football outfit. Mr. JOLLEY seconded the amendment. Mr. PLINSTON strongly supported the Committee's action, pointing out that the strictest inquiries were made when the parents appeared before the Committee, and it was impossible to ignore the poverty-stricken conditions of many who applied for exemptions. In those cases it was the bounden duty of the Committee to exercise their discretionary power. Mr. Upson had selected a black case from his point of view, but there were scores, almost hundreds of others which were just the opposite, the father being in receipt of about 17s. 10d. a week, and having to maintain a family. In many instances the applications for exemptions were supported by the head teachers on the ground that the child was required to help to contribute to the earnings of the family. Councillor 'NIELD said he did not accept the state. ment that the Committee had acted on any occasion illegally. If they had, their appeal to the Di rector had met with a response which could only be interpreted as lending them astray, because he did not remember an Instance in which they had deliberately set themselves

===== 0002601_19080125_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR TRE AMENDMENT. Miss Williams

Rev. Canon Stevenson „ James Davies , Father Wilson Alderman Bennett Evans , 9 Ellison Con:1'01110r Ball Mr. Roberts

„ Jolley. • „ Parker. „ Upson. „ Fairclough. „ Burgess. Unsworth-15. The amendment was carried and the minute was referred back.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOLIDAYS.

Resolved : That the following be fixed as the ! holidays for the varions schools maintained by the com- mittee for the year 1908, viv. : Easter.—Public elementary schools : April 15th (afternoon) to April 27th. Day School of Art and Secondary School : April 15th (afternoon) to April , 28th. Evening School of Art, Central Technical j Institute and Branch Technical Schools : Close for the ' session on the 15th April. Whitsuntide.—Public elementary schools: Juno sth (afternoon) to June 15th. Day School of Art and Secondary School : June sth (afternoon) to June 16th. Walking-day.—Public elementary schools : July Ist (afternoon) to July 6th. Day School of Art and I Secondary School : July 2nd (noon) to July 6th. Mid-summer.—Public elementary schools : July' 17th (afternoon) to August 17th. Day School of Art and Secondary School : July 17th (afternoon) to August 31st. Mid-term.—Public elementary schools : October 30th (afternoon) to November 9th. Christmas.—Public elementary schools : December 18th (noon) to January 4th. Day School of Art and ' Secondary School : December 18th to January sth. Evening School of Art, Central Technical Institute and Branch Technical Schools : December 18th to January 4th. THE LOVELY-LANE SCHEME. _ _ _ .

The Sites and Buildings Committee's business included the passing of an account of £253 19s. 4d. to the Contractor for the Bearnont School in final settle- ment of his contract and a resolution urging the Paving and Sewerage Committee to proceed with the making of the street surrounding the Bolton School as speedily as possible, in readiness for the opening of the school in April. . .

Mr. l'uncsToNT asked who was responsible for the scheme for the delay in the provision of a school and recreation ground in Lovely-lane. The CHAIRMAN said the matter was under considera- tion and he believed it would be brought up at the next meeting. The minutes were approved. For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great ePppermint Cure. 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
"46"m',14.04,:•r"

I

===== 0002601_19080125_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
INFIRMARY BALL.

BRILLIANT FUNCTION AT THE

PARR HALL.

A brilliant and highly successful function was the annual ball in aid of the Warrington Infirmary which was held at the Parr Hall on Wednesday evening. This year a new departure was made in engaging the Parr Hall and it is believed that the financial result will fully justify the change. Over 200 tickets were sold and the attendance numbered 190. The hall had been very artistically decorated by Mr. Ralph Johnson and the effect was most pleasing. Flowers had been tastefully arranged by Mrs. Henry G-reenall and Mrs. W. P. Rylands and the introduction of plants I lent by Lady Greenall, Mrs. Henry Greenall and Mrs. Parr further enhanced the beauty of the scene. The provision of a special narquet floor added much to the pleasure of the dancers. Admirable music was discoursed by Ill's band and dancing was kept up with zest until 2.30 a.m. The duties of stewards were ably discharged by Dr. E. E. Bowden. Major A. F. Bundock, Mr. Henry Greenall, Mr. James Hepherd, Mr. W. Peter Rylands, Major C.J. Steavenson, and Captain A. de V. Willoughby-Osborne. The catering was in the hands of the Winnaarleigh Cafe Co. The public were admitted to the galleries to hear the music and watch the dancing at a charge of one shilling each, but com- paratively few availed themselves of the opportunity. Praise is due to the following committee which was responsible for the admirable arrangements : President, Mrs. Pickmere ; the Mayoress (Mrs. Smethurst), Lady Greenall, Mrs. Airey, Mrs. Armitage, Mrs. Blair, Mrs. Broadbent, Mrs. J. D. Buckton, Mrs. Coxon, Mrs. George Eakin, Mrs. Edelsten, Mrs. Edridge, Mrs. John Fairclough, Mrs. Henry Greenall, Miss Litton, Mrs. Long, Miss Massy, Mrs. Monks, Mrs. Monro, Mrs. J. Charlton Parr, Mrs. Roger C. Parr, Mrs. H. V. Pigot, Mrs. W. P. Rylands, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. John White, Mrs. Willis. Special mention must be made of the valuable ser- vices of Captain G. R. Crosfield, the hon. secretary, who had worked most assiduously for the success of the function. The following is the list of guests :- 1 ' Ainsworth, Mr. G. G. Airey, Mrs. Airey, The Misses Airey, Mr. R. H. Appleton, Major F. M. Armitage, Mr. Ralph Arrowsmith, Miss Beryl Atkin, Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Backhouse, Miss Bell, Miss Blair, Miss • Blair, Miss B. Bolton, Mr. D. C. Boumphrey, Mr. J. Bowden, Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Boddington, Mr. Henry Brabazon, Mr. C. P. Brassey, Mr. Brassey, Miss Brassey, Miss M. H. Broadbent, Miss M. E. Broadbent, Miss S. Bromilow' Mr. A. Bundock, Major Burrows, Mr. J. S. Castle, Mr. R. M. (Liverpool) Chandley, Mrs. . Clarke, Mr. Arthur Coghill. Mr. and Mrs. Comer-Mein, Miss E. Coxon, Mr. and Mrs. John Crosfield, Captain G. R. Cross, The Hon. and Mrs. J. E. Cross, Mr. and Mrs. C. Shepherd Daglish, Miss Dakin, Mr. V. Dakin, Miss Rose Davies, Mrs. J. E. Davies, Miss Davies, Miss Lucy Davies, Miss Margery Denham, Captain Dogdale, Mr. Earwaker, Mrs. Eccles, Mr. Eddowes, Rev. Edelsten, Mrs. Ellis, Miss Evans, Mr. C. L. Evans, Miss • Fairclough, Mr. Harry Fairclough, Mr. Eric Fairclough, Miss Molly Fairhurst, Mr. F. G. (Whitley) Fairhurst, Miss (Whitley) Forbes-Lurnsden; Miss Forwood, Mr. Fox, Dr. Edward and Mrs.

I

Garaner, Miss Glover, Mr. anci. Mrs.

Godfrey, Mr. Van Gorton, Mr. W. E. and Mrs. Gorton, Miss Gough, Mr. A. Gough, Mr. H. Greens'', Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greener, Mr. Kenneth Grounds, Mr. Grundy, Mr. Grundy, Miss Grundy, Miss (London) Haaseler, Miss Harrison' Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hartley, Mr. and Mrs. (Glazebury) Hepherd, Mr. and Mrs. James Hepherd, Mr. James, jun. Hepherd, Miss Marjorie Hepherd, Miss (Winchester) Hignett, Miss (West Derby) Hogg, Mr. W. Howarth, Miss Hutchinson, Mr. J. S. Hutchings, Mr. W. N. Hutchings, Mrs. W. N. Hutchings, Miss Jones, Mr. W. Piers Jones, Miss (Llanerch Park) Kingdon, Mr. and Mrs. G. Holman Lapage, Mr. R. H. Layton' Mr. A. B. Lever, Miss Lewis, Mr. W. R. (flelsby) Lister-Kaye, Miss Lister-Kaye, Miss Rhoda Lockett, Miss Lockett, Miss J. Lord, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Massy, Miss Miller, Mrs. Miller, Miss L. M. Mills, Miss Monks, Mr. F. W. Monks, Mr. F. Remund Monks, Miss Dorothy Monro, Mr. H. R. Monro, Miss E. D. Moon, Mr. Mortimer, Mr. and Mrs. H.Percy Mott, Captain and Mrs. Osborne, Captain Willoughby Owen, Mr. and Mrs. Segar Owen, Mr. Halsall Owen, Mr. C. G. Owen, Miss Ruth Payne, Mr. Picicmere, Mrs. and party Pickmere, Mr. and Mrs. Travers (Nantwich) Pigot, Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pigot, Miss E. Pigot, Miss D. Pigot, Miss Marjorie Powles, Mr. Rathbone, Mr. George Reynolds, Mrs. J. P. Reynolds, Miss Howson, Mr. L. R. Rowson, Miss flylands. Mrs. (Massey Hall) Rylands, Miss G. (Massey Hall) Rylands, Mr. and Mrs. W. Peter Seagrave, Mr. and Mrs. (Lincoln) Selby, Mr. and Mrs. (Frodsham) Selby, Miss Shotton, Mr. J. S. Simpson, Mr. J. L. • Simpson, Major and Mrs. C. J. Smethurst, Alderman and Mrs. ( Mayor and Mayoress) Smethurst, Miss Smethurst, Miss Ada E. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. P. Sparrow, Miss Spencer, Captain (13th Hussars) Speakman Mr. P. E. Stewart-deaton, Mr. Steavenson, Major Stolterfoht, Miss Tagart, Miss Tillotson, Mr. F. L. (Bolton) Tillotson, Miss Tinsley, Miss 'Daisy Walker, Miss (Warwick) Watkins Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Watkin;Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Watkin, Miss Wilde, Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Williams, Miss Nora Williamson, Mr. Frank Williamson, Mr. C. L. Wilson, Miss (Carlisle) Woolley, Miss

..........4b.---. For Chronic Chest Complaint, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080125_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 4. SETTLING DAY JANUARY 30T11 1903. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. Consols 2% 100 85 Annuitie,'

4% ._.inuities 100 ...904 20 Annuities 100 ...83 Nt. War Loan 23% Ilea 1910 lOO 991 ...,-..

, - Local Loans Stock 1912 100 95'. Bank of England Stock lOO 279 India Stock 100 1011- BANKS.

Bank of Liverpool 121 .36} xci Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ..35k London and County 00 92 London and Westminster 90 50+ Ird Manchester and County l7 57k Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 _4B Parrs ')0 .8G Union of London 15k... 35 Union of Manchester ll 94k xd Williams Deacons 8 24 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 ..97k Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 621 Great Central Deferred 100 131 Great Central Preferred lOO 271. Great Eastern lOO .70 Gt. Nortbeni Def. Convd. Ord. lOO 50 Great Western lOO 123± Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 98 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...107 London Chatham and Dover lOO 13k London and North-Western lOO 146 London and South-Western lOO ..147 Methropolit.an lOO .40 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO 64 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. lOO 66 North British lOO .35.1 North Eastern Consols lOO .142 k North Staffordshire ' lOO 100 •Sonth Eastorn lOO 76 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific lOO —154 x Mit Grand Trunk of Canada lOO .17i Do. Guaranteed 100 ...97 Do. Ist Prof. lOO ...113 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO —lO4 Do. 3rd Pref lOO .55 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE

Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO . do. Def. Ord. lOO . 10S-1 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO 12 do. 2nd Prof. Minimum 10 101 Nat. Telephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...97 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & FleetW'd Tramroad lO ...121 British Electric Traction Ord. lO .21 Southport Tramways 5 3i SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO 21/3 do. do. do. Perpl. 5 Prof 10 —3l/0 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO 104 Bell and Co. Ord lO .101 Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO .6 Chester's Ord lO .102 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...6 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO .590 Parker's Bnrslem Ord. lO —lOl Springwell Ord. .6 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO 2+ Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 —.82 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. 5% Cum. Pref. 1 16/6 Bleachers Asso. Cum. Prof.l —.20/4', _ -

Bov. Ord. (7% Cairo.) 1 20%0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 24/0 ._, _ _

, Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. . 1 —2O/6 British Insulated and Hels.by Cables Ord 5 „.62 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Corn. Prof 5 .52 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...5 Brunner Mona and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO _l6l Buxton Lime Firms lO .6 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 _ll/3. ') Castner Kellner Alkali 1 25 6 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ..B.± =PI Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Pref 10 10 Crosflelds, 4% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO 95 Crosfield, 411" 'A' Deben lOO ...94 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 34/0 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...9f do. do. do. do. B 8 ..7 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...27/0 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ..12 4% Debs. Red. 100 ...94 Hunteh the Teamen Ord. 1 —32/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Corn. Prof. lO .10? Lipton Ordinary 1 28/0 Meldrum Bros., si.', Prof. 1 —5/0 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 53/0 do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 6 i Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. 5 4

Nantyglo & Blain* 8% Pref. 624 731 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 51 do. do. 6% Clim. Prof. 5 .6 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s —.4/ Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 1/8 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Or 9 —.37/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Pref.__ 4 .6

Salt Union Ordinary •-19/6 United Alkali Ordinary lO 78/0 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. lO 111 do. do. Deb. lOO .1074 Vulcan Foundry 1 27/0 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 74 ...7 do. do. do. do. do. lO .91 Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 17/6 do. do. do B Shares Warrington and District Bil!post- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...17/6 7106;03 MINES. 11 British South Africa (Char; Cons. Goldfield of S.A. East Rand Proprietary 1 .3? Hendersons 1 _2/3 Johannesburg Consolidated 1 1 .. 203 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 Oceanas 1 .9/0

Rand Mines 5/- Randfonteins 1 ...n/r, Rhodesia Exploration 1 ...15/0 Tanganyika Transvaal Estates —lO/6 The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tnnstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

ATKINSON & BARKERS' ROYAL

------- INrANTS" PRESERVATIVE. IN CONSTANT USE FOR OVER 100 YEARS. FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONS, RICKETS, ETC I3ottlei r/ri, 2/9 and 4/6.

, i 0 ,0,.• , . Ni > , :I}l, ' I„itg ::'',': , g -<,-, 4 .9. ..k,' 1 .t' Ofir, .1 .' 44, 1414! V 4 • lii liki. s , ' ~

===== 0002601_19080125_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
Births.

MILLS—On the 9th inst., at Redhsnk, Port Shepstorter Natal, South Africa, the wife of William N. Mills, of a son. SELLERS—On the 21st inst., at 12, Victoria-road, Whalley Range, Manchester, to Mr. and M. Wreford Sellers, a daughter. TURNER—On the 22nd, at Porthamel Hall, Anglesey, the wife of Major J. Aspinall Turner, of a daughter. WirrrrAßEn—At Winthrop, Ansdell, Lytham, on January 22nd, 1908, to Mr. and Mts. C. J. Whittaker, a daughter.

Marriage. HOSKER—BUTLER.—January 18th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barber, William Hosker to Alice Butler. ROBINSON—PRIIBERTON.—January 23rd. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. W.Barber, Joseph Robinson to Clara Pemberton. IN MEMORIAI. In Loving Memory of OUT son, Harry Maybury, who fell asleep, January 24113, 1892. "To memory ever dear."

Tarringtoo.—Printed and published by ;oils Watauga & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works— Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same- place, and also at The Examineroflicee, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, Sr. Himmas: 3, Market treet MLESTOWN; ChUrt92-Btreet RUNCORN Jan.. 25th, 190 g.

;,,-:-..,;‘;.,4i177Z;,...: '•:.:g°44--' '

===== 0002601_19080125_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
pOYA.I. COURT: TFlEkTftg, WARRINGTONT movrykY NEXT, J AN. 27ps & nu RING THE WEEK MESSRS. DOTTELIDGE AND LociantlN'S FAMDUS FUNNY AND REFINED PANTOMIME: ALADDIN. ALADDIN ADADDIN. MISS FANNY WRIGHT AS "ALADDIN." Specialities by The BREWSTER TROUPE, ROBST'49 and COLLIER, IRERT HARROW and MARIE WALKER, The BROS. BROOKS, Times and prices as nsnal. Seats booked at the Theatre 11 to 1 Daily and from Ito 9 p.m. GRAND MATINEE PERFORMANCE. SATURDAY NKXT, FEBRUARY lwr.—EArly Doors at 1.45. Ordinary doors at 2. Commence at 2.30 Children half-price to all Parts except Gallery.

We IS EIERWOOD Bz, 24, SANKEY' ST., WARRINGTON. JANUARY SALE COMMENCES WEDNESDAY NEXT, 3.1151 y. 15ra. SEE WINDOWS FOR BARGAINS, W. ISHERWOOD & CO., 24, SANKEY ST.. WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOLAR CY. ROYAL COURT THEATRE. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10TH AND DURING THE WEEK, SIX GRAND PERFORMANCES CF THE ROMANTIC PLAY "UNDER THE RED ROBE." SPHOILL SCENERY AND APPOINTMENTS. Costumes by L. A H. NATHAN. of London. PROCEEDS IN AID or THE INFIRMARY EXTENSION FUND AND THE CHILDREN' 3 SUMMER CAMP FUND. PLAN OF DRESS and RESERVED SEATS open at Ii em., 011 Saturday, February Ist, at Mr. H. M. ASHTON'S, Chemist, Sankey Street. T. W. MILLEN, Hon. See.

frlIE t ORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRIIPARBID to RROEIVki LOANS. either at 511 month, notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Botionos TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS,• HIGH HOLBORN. W.C. 2i MIR ORM. INIBREST alloweS on Deposit Accounts. 2 PI CENT. INTBREIST on Drawing Accounts with Chegrie Bcok. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACR, wiTH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREW. O. F. RAVIINciOROFT. fis:canunr

NURSES ! NURSES ! ! NURSES!!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CASE, ANY DISTANCE. NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSILY INSTITUTION, (ASTABLISITED 30 YEARS). HOPE HOUSE, HOPE ST.. LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams "Nurses." Liverpool

1111P:ORTANT NOTICE. £23 REWARD. E. FORSFIAW & SON. WHEREAS CERTAIN VINDICTIVE AND MALICIOUS REPORTS HAVE BERN CIRCU- LATED to the effect that the above:well-known firm of engineers lwks abont to close its doors, thereby causing us to sustain serious damage to our business, the above reward will be paid to any person or persons who will give such information as will lead to the conviction of the evil disposed persons spreading such reports, which are absolutely false and without foundation. E. FORSHAW & SON, ENGINEERS AND BOILER MAKERS, IRON AND BRASS POUNDERS, WARRINGTON.

LEFT-OFN CLOTHING, Rze., BOUGHT.—BEST PRIOR for parcels forwarded; If not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGEPAID. Second-band DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL, BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, Au., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHERS,WELLINGTONS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES. GORMAN'S, 326, 228, and 340, Deanewite, Manonestet, Established 50 Years. Telephone No 413

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per or, COVERLETTH I TAILS OP ) Yawl HAIR FRAMES, PORE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3. LERCH $T (OAR STATION). - LIVERPOOL.

PATTI, AIKLBti, CAdUSO, KUBELIK, LAUDEK RTO., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. All you require i.e GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. EVERY RLICORD and every type of GRAMOPHONE, ZONOPHONB,and THOMAS EDIbON MACHINE in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, 741 AND 75, RENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK RD., LIVERPOOL. Tel, 56X and 431 X Royal. fiI,ND FOR LISTS POST FREE.

JUVENILE BALL IN AID OF THE FUND FOR THE PURPOSE OF FOUNDING A CHILDREN'S COT IN THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION WILL LE HFLD T. THE PARR HALL oW FEBRUARY I3TH, FROM 7 TO 11 P.M. AOE LIMIT 6 TO 18 TEARS. CROSFIBLD'S BAND HAS KINDLY PROMISED TO PLAY FOR DANCING. Tickets (including refreshments) 3s. each may be had at the leading shops in town or the undersigned TICKETS FOR ADMISSION TO GALLERY 6D. BACH. JAMES HENRY SMETHERST,Hon. Sec. Briery Croft, Warringtnn.

ACCIDES TS OF ALL KINDS, 'SICKNESS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID e..5,400,00u 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latch ford St Helens Mt.J. E. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. 3. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookeryr Bridge

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. LAST WEEK. LAST WhEK. SYDNEY CARTER'S FAMOUS NEW CENTURY PICTURES. GRAND CHANGE OF PROGRAMME. SPECIAL NOTICE GRAND PRIZE COMPETITION, OPEN TO ALL WARRINGTON. SEE HANDBILLS. Prices, Is. 6d., is., 6d., 3d. Early Doors 7 OrdWary Doors 7.39.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASE'S. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. Q'(RINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of O. A. Chanot). 57, RENSHAW STREET (Corner of Benson street), LIVRPPOOL.

nOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.-TO STORES CONTRACTORS, EARTHENWARE, PI PE MANUFACTURERS, QUARRY minima. MERCHANTS, TEAM OWNSRS, SC. The Paving end Sewerage Committee of the Coancil of' the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive 7 ENDERS for the supply of the Committee's requirements during the 12 months ending %larch 31st 1909, viz :- 1 Rawtenstall Kerbs. Blue Bricks. Chequered Tilas. Sewer Pipes, Bends, Junctions, &c. Macadam and Chippings. Copper Slag. 1 Brushes, Hammers,-Fcutcher, !cc. Scavengers' Brooms, Shovels, Scuffles and Scoops, Ac. Street Sweeping Machine, Rotary Brooms. Disinfectants. Also for carting for the Highway and Scavenging Departments for the 12 months. Parties wishing for tender forms will please specify those materials only for whish they propose to tender. Specifications and samples may be seen, and forms of tender and all further information obtained at the Office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Tuesday next, the 28th instant, at whizh place tenders, sealed in the envelope supplied, must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock noon on Thursday, the 6th day of February. 1908. Any Contractor whose tender may be accepted will be required to observe the recognised customs and conditions as to rate of wages and working hours prevailing within the Borough. The Committee reserve the right to divide the contracts in any way they may think fit, and do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. 11-10151 AS LONGDIN, Borough Bqglneer and Surveyor, Borough Surveyor's Office, January 2itlo, 1908.

ur AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHISPFIRL MAKE, WARRANTS°, PONT FRI3II 2. ad., 38., 48. 6D., AND 6s. 61, J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LTVISRPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. Himsworrrn, Market Hall, Warrington.

WADDINGTON PIANOS THE LAST WORD IN PIANO CONSTRUCTION. TO BE OBTAINED AT MAKERS' WHOLESALE PRICES DIRECT FROM WADDINGTON & SONS, 37 TO 39, RENSHAW ST., LIME ST., LIVERPOOL. W. a SONS ABB THE ONLY FIRM IN THE NORTH WHO ARE GENUINE MAKERS OF PIANOS SELLING RETAIL, INVESTIGATE AND SAVE MONEY FACTORY, STONROATF, YORK. EITABLISHED 70 YEAH!.

V ARRINGTON IN FIR:IIAM' EXTENSION SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATIL g a. d. Captain Georg% R. Croafteld (second contribution) 25 0 0 Mr. Thomas Crompton, Blackhurne Arm.' The Mayoress (additional contribution for. Bazaar Fund) Amount previously acknowledged £19,782 17 3 £14.809 3 3 ' W. PHritH, RYLANDS, Chairman of the Ratension Committee. GHORGH DARIN, Hon. Treasurer.

DIABOS AND ORGANS.—Chalmers does sell at many pounds less than firms who have expensive rents and swell canvassers, collectors, and other hangers—on. The' public would be surprised at the enormous cost of running a swell piano business. J.C. molds these needless expenses ; instead of paying £3OO to £BOO rent he pays £25 for a large warehouse, central, but out of the principal thoroughfare. To intelligent buyers this means an enormous saving. J,C.'s turnover is larger than many of the swell warehouse.. Come along and inspect stock, and you will be delighted with the value. Chalmers allows the highest price for old Instruments as part payment for new goods. Note address : CHALMERS, 63, Great George-street. Liverpool (10 minutes from Lime-street) : open till 8 every night ; carriage paid any place. Dl&NO.—Beautiful toned " Collard " cottage £7. Paymemts arranged.—CHALATERS, 63, Great George at., Liverpool.

CANADA BY ALLAN LINE.—THE ACME OF OCEAN CO PORT IS ATT SIRED IN TH FAST.. T.URBIBB STEAMERS. SHORTEST AND CHEAPEST ROTJTE TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA. & WESTERN STATES. SPEED, Unsurpassed Aceommodat lon Exeellen Cutsine. Details re Work and Wages. sAFETY. Apply ALLANS. 10, LEADIMHALL STBERT ane COMFORT 51, PALL MALL. lx:lfnorr • 19. JAMES ETREET. LIVERPOOL or Local Agent.

TH UNBRBAKALSIM GAS M ANTLES Astound the World. Ssmple dozen, post tree, 3s. 9d. T. SHARMAN, 47& 48 MARXIST HALL, HARROGATN.

pIANOS AND GAGA NS.—Chaloaers, 63, Great George it., Liverpool .(10 minutes from Lime et.), instruments returned from winter hire; magnificent upright Iron grands from £l2 by Hopkinson, Allison, Kirkman, and many other famous makers, "equal to new " and at one-third original cost ;In fact, " makc your own price and terms." Come early If you desire to secure a reel life-long bargain at prices charged elsewhere for old rubbish, " worn out 30 years ago." Come along, and If 3ou have £4 to £6 to pay down you shall secure barkains that will open your eyes to the long prices charged elsewhere. "Fully warranted by written guarantee." Carriage luild any place by 0E1131E68, 63, Great George it., Liverpool. ripen till 8 daily.

W. 140DGKINSON, Ltd., rietg ARE HOLDING THEIR STOCKTAKING SALE of High-class Drapery & Furnishing Goods. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. E. WARREN 131, WILDERSOOOL RD. • Warrington. Telephone 54.. WHOLESRLE BUILDERS' MEReHANT. COAL, LIME, BRICKS' FIRE-CLAY GOODS, tAIN PIPEs. CEMENT, PLASTER, &c. Agent for the ACCRINGTON BRICK & PILE CO,, ,KELsEYS' ADAMANT CEMENT, Taft NEW LIME CO., Button. gm:imams INVITED.

THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS. From AIITI-lUR MOUNFIELJD, Tel. 350 y. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, W ARRINGTON. In Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. 6d. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on application.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OM TO SUPPLY THEM

For OVERCOATS ready to wear, And OVERCOATS to measure, NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. CRAM, 36, BUTTERM4I2EIN'GTSOTiREET,

S 6 Mir 1838. RICHARD J EFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL, /RA MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Piotares,snitable for Wedding and Birthday Preaents, School Prizes, Ito. Terms Moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYBR OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSEITI, and BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONE OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIsS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

GREAT REDUCTIONS STOCKTAKING SALE. JAN. 20thito FEB. 22ndl pllONrr F.sporn. i_s_hingStores L IN!! lld St Liverpool, WISH_ or on 'iEASY HIRIr PURCIMSE TERMS. 2atalogueS and Terms FREE.I

SMITH & .WALIKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR WINTER WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 Y. M.A.Et WET GATE, -snrArtramaT ON.

PIERPOINT AND CO., I PRIZIEI MRDAL BAKERY, 123. BRIDGE STREST, WARRINGTON. BES'i HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPFCIAL "%TALUS IN FLOUR. BRLF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BEAT.

13. UNNTNGHAM, 189. wiNWIcR HD., WASHINGTON (Telephone 179). BREwER'6 AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stnut., Bases Pale Ale, Bass's No.l Strong Ale. Worthington's and Aileopp's Alec Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wbeatley's and Maek's liop Bitters. AllsOpp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER Irf BOTTLE. BUG MiJPACTUI. 'Re or HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and !tried remedy that stood the test lot two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, 'BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, IN EURALGIA REFunt to be put off with a 1 SUBSTITUTE. he orlginal ,an be I hui of ALL CHBMISTS if you show ou are not weak enough to accept an Imitation. COLLIS BROWNH IS TIM HAM —3; le. 11d., 2s. 9d., els. Bd. the price.. DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

C.atilllK CIOARKTI K. SUGLOW'i SPECIAL SILK CUr CIGARATIES. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pine Virginian Tobaoco. Bd. per oz., 20. 6th per tit). box. ,upLow & T s no., • CIGAR MERGRANTS, 15, WIN WICK ST-, AND 6-, BUTTERNARKET ST, WARRI/SGT 0 N. Tel. 410 y,

GE D DES'S DANDELION COFFEE. TUB BEST AND CHEAPEST BITER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRuGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5n., 10D., AND is. BD., ZACII dWHOLERALFL BY 3. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. 11 OBEBT LOW% ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms NO,l, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, Na. 65, °ASTI ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED YON SALE. New and 8,00n4-bnnd Pornitn, rind qthor Goon• constantly on Site by Private Trest7. Inspectfon invitee Furniture. du— warehoused.

RERRY'.z AcATF, SHOP'. POLISHING CABINET, oontainlng Pure Bristle Brush. Patent Tube of Blank or Brown WaierProof Boot Polish (never drips up), and vnlvet Polishlnfl Pad, post fres, MIRY, LTD., Blacking Work., Isomerton, I.ondon.

EBTABLISHED 1813. 11 VS. 1 POS. CLARE F, STATIONER AND NE WSAOENT. " EXAMINER " ()MOB, 33 MARKET STREET, BARLBSTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUIT/Oa k FOR PRESENTS.

WH AT AUSES DRUNBENNTNS When had In the morning ; he flies for more and thus Is as had RI the day before. Send for my reelpe by an Frninent Physician, end Instead or Drink take a dose of my Medicine and another In a few hours. You will be surprised and want your dinne... Take advantage of this offer, as It will shortly cost you double. Will take all nasty feelings tram A‘cohol away. Try it and you will never be without. Bend Es. MC aIiPPIR, LYTHAM ROAD SOUTH. BLACKPOOL.

HORTON'h ORIGINAL BENEDICT PILLS FOR FICMALBS. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions ; also cure Anmmia, end cause no Injury: to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. Id.or 2s. 94.. from (I. D. rtORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingbana Lving•in Hospital), Dept. 55 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 years,SUPPI IRD DI SNOT ONLY. SIILDOM !MISR FAIL. All Ladies should rend for a fee sample of Improved Sanitary Towel, and interestloll booklet post free.

BusiNgsgus wANTIOD In or 11li4r Warrington, price from £5O to £lOO (prompt gash) ; must be goulne. Full to OnSVDCLL Business Agent, 31, Legh it., Warrington.

'E9O—BUTORKRS, GRI4I7INCIROCHRY. established . business ; horse. trso. pigs, poultry, fixtures, stable, piggeries, garden ; retirine.-37, BEDWIRD RD.. Southport.

AIILK BUSINRBB WANTAD by Former who Is leaving his farm In March ; not poetically to era If in good district ; will allow ressonable commission to anyone Intro- ducing a snitahle tmsfness.—Send particulars. price. Ike., In confidence to 1242. The °' Marcoev " Liveepooi.

OVRRNESS CARS, RWI Care, Liverpool Gigs. all sizes Nir smartest and cheapest vehicles in the trade ; Grocers, Bakers Vans, light and artistic.—Bazz, Coschbuilder, 365, Moseley rd. Birmingham.

IDUSIIRAL CABRIAG Eli on Sale or Hire, equal new low 112 prices ; easy terms ; Hearses from £25 ; Washington Oars, Coaches, Hansoms. Landaus. Char--bans ; great stock. Catalogues.—Msnarorr, 24. Bradford at., Birmingham.

lAN SAME, SINGLH WillitaOrillOTTß, with removable cover, to a,rry tour In the body, open or closed ; also convertible into Stanhope Phaeton; seats and cushions for each purpose ; rubber tyres ; newly done no ; a very useful carriage; price £35. —Apply CoACHMAN, 52. Primrose it.. Chorley.

T 0 INVBSTORS.—Bquity of 48 substantitllv built well let weeklies. One let or septratelo. Beet situation round Manchester. sear etre and 9tatlon. Gross rental £922 7e. Prh.e £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW, Roleston House, FaHayfield. Manchester.

VRERHOLD FARMS FOR SALK IN CANADA. 1 —Prices from £lOO to £2,000. Free Gazette containing full particulars on application. RINQUIRIVS SOLICITRD, Mr. D. Mo CALLUM, TRURO, NOVA SCOTIA, CANADA.

1113HpritLr, COLLRGsf, BISPHAM.-113narding School for Girls. Pacing sea ; bracing air. Thnrongh esluna- Mon. Physical Training. Inciasire terms. P4incipals. the Ml.ea IRELAWT.

Q HOATHAND I,ICPSON9 thronah the poPt twice week! y 1.--/ terms IP. Der week ; send first week's fee, stamped addressed envelene, sni start at ence.—THomae, 20. ()Ivan rd., Alexandra Perk, Tondon. shorthand Teacher at London Pnonta, Connoll Sehr,ols,

ai RBOG SHOFITHANG.—Do vat wish to legrn Shorthencl '1 with little tronble.? The Gregg system fulfils every itqnlreenent and it. eager tl learn, We roaeh lw mit ; selves, otaranieed ; trial lesson frer.—BIRTWEIISTLE.B, 1111iNTRAL COLLEOx. !Wormed.

BOOK-KRSPING SUiioßa';FtiLlY TAITGHT by post Novel system, Doable linter Simplified. Also Hotel Tebniar and Limited Company routine. Fees moderate. 'p.oficienoy certain. W-ite poateard to-rlay for partliciihara, and specimens.—FOSTAL Ttrroc, 8, Henley rd., Ilford, Itondon.

OBIRMAN IN 30 LRBSONS. rIONVRTRATIONAL METITOI).—The cheapest ./ and quiekest spiv of learning Germsn. Bonk wino. one shilling, sent Dolt free on annroval.—FOßßlGN LANGIVAGR SCHOOL, 20, Regent it, Oheltenlisin, Glos.

WORTHING. St?.yry4 Fehlol for Boy a Prvi gt.yne High School for Girls, Sepsrate P.tabligh- mente. Thoroughly modern education for Boarding and Daily Punils, moderate tes•s, Physics' Cultnre R nschslity. Cricket. roothaP„ Hockey, Tnnlp, Rift* Shooting and Rwimmlng, Cadet' Corps and Carpenter's Shop.—apply P.T.CTP 4 T,.

AfATI-OCK BATl4.—Hatmy horny+ with thorough edue,tine feAs 25 cminpas ineltp•lv. goo.rriess litgclemt required ; premium 16 guines..—Parwm&L, Clifton renew..

AA K. RRNRST WILION, A LC.I4 , Prnfessor of I nole, Orgoinl.l...nd rholrent•trr of *Hr. Panl'a Chnrsh, PT ANA, (117(1LN. TI,I4ORY, HARM(Vgir. (10UNTER- POINT, M IT.In L oRm T*DwarA, of 10n Cartlfloatas and Prlz, vibr.i by punilo. 'Aryl three-manna' organ for punile t.rm• sapn'y 1.34, LoVitLY LLNE and LFOR Wrirrington

I,i A N 13 R‘TETI R'AMM AR SCHOOL. e 4 40., and £5 5.. nor term. Th. Nv.V. ff if fir a.fff ‘Ry lath, lgog, .Conlao,T.n4arn 13fh, fkt . Pronnertn.o. or.l form.. Of •n..11-01.inn, ote.. may bo bad at the Fohool Mho ho.rdi ,o-hon.oi. Corin.c'fml with the Prim., I.Pt VC.t in tf leer ffronlzhtna. Preparatory Pranehea at nrotral rd,, West Dlishury, Rol Leicester rd., Higher Prnnyhton. 'lwo,:w. of‘x, P.opirpr

QToelTorsT Lonom 141014 PN-400L, STOCRTON L-71 tfuvrtr,vvAßßyan-ov (3 rninntaq frlnt es, Terminus DAY AND BOAWITNO srunor, ItOtt GIRLS. KINDRROARTRN. PRRPARATORY sCOOOI.. ?on BOYS. Larne ssnnse eater. Ore o,rnontis ftnsl playing, fields. Exnell,ht Resident. Rtaff rtmi VlOrtng 'siesta-s and Mistresses 1111,V.1.PP11 in lhamtnations. The nest term will enmmenee nn Thhrsrlav Tsnuary 16th. PROS PIICTIN, R.foreneen And VIPVig on Application to MISS PARTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

TEACHERS' EXA.nINATIONS, OHRTIProATR, PRHLIMIN&RY CHRTIFICATI3, PUPIL TS aCHIIHS'. HIGHLY SUCOSS9FUL CiATION. The corresponrlence Classes of Skerry's College are now commencing, Tacmi—Twore months, Twelve Weeks, V. ls. TeßohArs' Prnonoehis, Pnd eolutinne 1,1 th. latest Arithmetic mil Mathematic pipers free on applicition to the Secretary. C`EERRY'S COLLE r 4 1r , 5, Bor,r) STftreßT, LIVIIRPOoL.

.. 1 _ a i VAN HOuTENs ~,, ,r i .„,-0,-, „,.... tT4.t73.' C 0 OA '44. te) r '.,,,t ,-- 0A...'-"Ar.,,:711 t /----..- w • •400"-- - .-\\N , T , ,7 - . _ _ _

Why ? Because the chances of ill- ness are immensely decreased if you keep your kidneys well, for then they will keep you well. Why? Because the kidneys, when well and rstrong,T filter from the blood and pass out through the urinary system the superflous water in the blood, which if it , accumulates causes dropsy, and the uric acid which causes rheu- matism, gout, neuralgia, lumbago, sciatica, gravel and stone. Why do Doan's Backache Kidney Pills cure all these and other Kidney Diseases ? You can them from any chemist or 8 stores,ll or t post Because they are a Kidney `6exef,J,lrZtee:-`, bWoxees73sr.e:Cll M edicine. So as to avoid all chance of mistake, ask distinctly tor DOAN'S. D

• CHRONIC WHOOPING COUGH to convert one of their houses in Bewsey-road into a Cured after all else Failed, by shop RS soon as they could obtain possession. That, they hoped, would greatly relieve the trade in VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. Winwick-street. The arrangements contemplated for converting the Hall at Winwick-street into a central distributing warehouse had been completed, and tenders received and accepted for new offices in Cairo-street, which were well in hand, and they hoped to have them shortly opon and the present office premises available for business extensions. They had some new light vans on order' and as soon es they were ready they hoped to increase their bread deliveries in the town. Their trade during the quarter was £45,957 13s. 10W., an increise of £1,543 17s. 2;d. over the corresponding quarter of last year. The membership at the close of the year was 8,070. The profits, after meeting all expenses, would allow of a dividend of 3s, in the £ on members' pur- chases and a small balsnce to carry forward to next quarter. The CHAIRMAN stated that the new shop in Marsh- street would be opened next Thursday. The report end balance sheet were adopted on the proposition of the CHAIRMAN seconded by Mr. MAYBORY. THE NEW PRESIDENT. The next business was to appoint a President Mr. VOLUNTEERS V. REGULARS. :Critcbley retiring and not seeking re-election after being in office two years. Shootiag Match at the B arracks. nominated T. Wadsworth and Mr. J. B. Bouchier were I for the position, and Mr. Wadsworth was A shooting match took place at Orford Barracks on elected by a large majority. Monday night between a team chosen from the Bth-40th TIIE COMMITTEE. Depots and the Ist V.ll. South Lancashire Regiment, Messrs. Bibby, Hall and Timperley retired from the aild resulted in win for the Volunteers by the narrow committee, and the following were elected : —Mr. E. Margin of 10 points at the bull's-eye target and two England, 158 votes ' • Mr. Ha 11,157 : and Mr. Timperley, Points at the running deer. The match was fired with 147. Mr. Bibby, with 124 votes, was elected to serve the the Morris tube on the miniature range, seven rounds at remaining six months of Mr. Wadsworth's term on the the buli's-eye and three rounds at the running deer. committee. The shooting of Lieutenant Morgan for the Depot and Mr. J. G. Chappell was re-appointed auditor, and Mr. of Sergeant-Drummer Plinston for the volunteers. who Lowe was appointed delegate to the C.W.S. quarterly each got within one point of a possible at the bull's- meeting. eTe was excellent. The team consisted of ten, the best It was decided to increase the society's subscription tiglat scores to count in the match. The Volunteers, to the Infirmary from five guineas to ten guineas per therefore, deduct 56 points from the total, and the annum. regulars 50. Below are the respective scores of two teams :- 25 yds. 25 yds. Stationary Running target. deer.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Ek,oo from all impurities from whatever cause was:lw. in cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEcts, • ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS. PIMPLES, RHEUMAVSM, UOUT and all* Miss E. Butteridge, of 2, Church Row, Bury St. SKIN and BLOOD 014F.ASFS, its effeets Edmunds, writes :—' lam gla4 to inform you of the are marvellous. Thoustuuls of testimonials of good Dr. Cassell's Tablets have done me. For years I wonderful cures from all rarts of the world. never knew what it was to feel well. I used to get up in the morning feeling sick and tired out, and my Remember that this wunderful Medicine stomach used to turn at the sight of food. I could not WILL PERM 4NENTI Y CURE ALL eat, and got very weak, thin, and run down, and I spent pounds on so-called remedies, but all to no good. SKIN &BLOOD DlSEiir " At last I triad Dr. Cassell's Tablets, and they acted ~S..S and strong, and quite ready for my meals, a thinmarvellously. I now rise in the morning feeling well Of all Chemists and Stores, 2 LAM ..never per LA.. ,' I never used to do. I never thought anything woubld BEWARE OF IMITATIONS. have done me the good your tablets have, I never felt so well and strong, my personal appearance is also much improved, and I have gained six pounds in weight. I can honestly say Dr. Cassell's Tablets have restored me to health once more., Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be got at any chemists for 10Ad., and are a perfect remedy for nerve, stomach, and kidney troubles.

PA UI VEKNET-LES-DAIM.—THI& KASE OF THB PYRBBBBS. Bright Winter dpa. Not windy, not damp. MUDERATH CHARGES, apply for BROCHURE* KIECtiLls. VEBNBT-LBd-BAINS, SOUTH FRANCS.

LoziworA. W ILD'S TEMPERANCIG IiGIEL LIMITSD, 34 TO 40 LuveATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 1 71, SUSTOS QUARIS. Holtz Conivoirre, Oi.v.Arnazuss LID QUIET. CENTRAL 1011 BIYS/NZBB OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH ORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, UHAPEL-STRE ET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &c.. TESTIMONIALS YROY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IS LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAUILANI IN TOWN.

Q MOKEttS.—Agents for special line Cigarettes. good coin. 0 —Rose, 39, Manley it.. Broughton, Manchester. A MINTS Wanted for Live Stock and In-foal Mare Incur- Li.. ance.—Maaaoten, &Mote Chambers, Peterborce.

stif ANTBD. SITUATION as GAM:IIOINR, experienced in all branctes,grapee, chrysanthemums, Au. ; abstainer excellent ref erences.-41•111)1ZNER, Woodville, South Reddish Stock port.

Viv ANTBD, 2] or 40 tons of IiIicHDISS, also 10 tons of good Hay; good market price ipven. 200 tons of good Manure for Sale.—Apply W. BLACKBUkUIf, 56, Hornby at. Bury. Lancs.

BUYING AGENTS WANTED; new invention of grea utility, makes all garments rainproof ; liberal terms shopkeepers' speciallty.—J. FIsEIEB AND Co., 19, York Place Leeds. Sample 6d., post tree.

(.I.OOD LIVING guaranteed selling our Straw and other kY Hats, competition defied. We trust respectable Hawkers, Milliners a.; for particulars wrlte-11axusAc- TIIBICRB UIRECT SUPPLY Co.. 14, High Town rd.. Luton.

g IANADIAN FARtellitt DBLEIGATII,Dr. Davies,ot Alberta, V attends Wrights' Tourist and Bra gration Offices, Watergate it.. Chester to advise. Farmhands and Servants Wanted immediately; excellent prospects; in ust pay own tare

ALABGIS (.71,a8d BOTTLII WOUKi using Machines requlres an experienced and competent l'S ANAGISII. Only those with good reoord need apply. State fullest particulars and terms to " GLISa," " lixaminer Office," Warrington.

ONTAHIO, th. Principal Province of Canada. Healthy climate ; fertile soil ; free education ; cheap farms abounding prosperity. For pamphlets and information, apply, PETER BYRNE, Ontario Government Agent, 7, James it , Liverpool.

BU YING Agents required for sole tprkde sales in each busi- ness centre of Our smart Id. liner Bermo ' pure toilet sumo, ' Berm° ' liquid cement, Etc. Samples free. For lowest cash prices, trial orders, write MCINToBH WILBON Ft CO., 3, Albermanbury Buildings, London, X.C. KNACKBUS IKB AOKllits I I KNACKSRS Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles—Jamke Toorac AND SONS LTD., Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

3 lANOS ON SALE RETURNED FRO3I HIRE. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case, hy Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautif at Walnut Case. by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case. by William Sames. INTENT:UM BUYERS BIioULD NOT SINS THESE BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTED BY BELVHS AND MAKERS. BOTH ADZ:ARS:3 : WADSWORTH'S. 69, SANKEY 8T.,. WARRINGTON.

PIitiKBTH.—COTTAGIII, 2a. Bd. and 2e. 64. per week. MILL TJ BST, OFFlCBS,ground floor. Also upper rams. 53 and 65, WASH LANIC good houses, with tour he.roorns, reduced rent, 6e. 6d, per week clear. 36, 0 81,7 BRAL STnICIST, rent 4e. 3d. 50, CHOULRY STRIIIIT, rent 4s. 6d. Apply ROBERT Lewis. Estate Aigent,go. 1 Bank•street War rlngton. Telephone—No 66.

rt.%) LET.—Good House, Derby it. ; rent 45. 6d.—Apply _L Woons & SON. Solicitors Horaemarket at., Warrington. rywo NEW SEM-DETACHED oorrAGtlS TO Lilt, _L Close to Theiwill Station. Ratio and hot water. Good open garden. Rent £l4 and rates, Apply :--Jotsk WHITE AND Co., Estate Office, Warriogton.

A IATRIIIOIIIAL PO 3T and P RIONABLIK ADVBRTlSBR.—listablished half a century ; 10,010 marriages arrange& Larger than all the Matrimonial Agencies in the world combiued. Sealed envelope bd. with icir3niar 9d.—Bnyrott (Rooms R. W.) 9 to 14 Trafalgar Buildings, Northumberland Avenue, London,W.U. Distance mmsterial.

VOTTlMitsiAfd LACE OUKNAINd, ()leaned, Dyed and £1 Dressed, from 7d. per pair; frilled curtains, 10d, per pain—Swells, Island se., Nottingham. HOW TO %IN FOOTBALL COMPBTITION/3.'—Joe published, Is. Id. post free.—Write lin.Lehox A Co. 235, High Holborn, London, W.C.

BHAUT IF UL NEW 0171fliC JA't, double-breasted, long, dark grey, Hued, worn once, too large, suit gentleman, about 51t. 9in. cheap, outy 451.— WALTER PRATT, Caton, Lancaster.

TIBTRAZIN NI, the great prima-donna on tbe grarnaphone ; _I. records can now be obtained.—Send for atl particulars to ALFIIED HAYS, 4, !loyal Exchange Buildings, Cornhill, London, B.C.

BUSINISS3 MEN 11118 our Overdue account reminders and ensure prompt settlements. saving TIM and td °NAY. ss. 1,000 assorted.-8. T. MORRISON AND t. 0., 7. Richmond rd„ Leytonstone.

VISH. FISH, FISH.—Can send Morecambe Flukes, 31. a L score; Picked Prawns, is. 3d. quart, Potted 4s. a dozen; good Mussels, 3s. a bag ; cash with order.—Apply T. SA AVIDET. 117, Lancaster rd Moreca mbe.

A BSOLUDELY FlO4ll LIMBHICK last lines by prize ..tl, winner. Only condition, I receive 10 per cent of winnings send stamped addressed envelope, state require ments.—Dartm, Hvtbe rd., willeeden Junction.

QPRCIAL FOR PHOTOGRAPHURS.—Don't fail to ask 1.3 your Newsagent for the ' Photographic News.' Two- pence weekly. Splendid value ; superbly illustrated. Specimen free.-9, CZCLL COURT, Charing Cross rd., W.O

BARBIDO FHNOING WIRE In 3/4-cwt. reels, 224 yards, 7s. per reel ; Plain Galv.,nlzed Wire In 1-cwt. bundles, 7CO yards, 129. per cwt. Wrought Iron Btandards, Is. bd. each.— (W Dep.). BUTLER, Bell Works,Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

PAi•ENTS.—Under the New Vaccination Act you need 1 not have your Infants vaccinated unless you wish, and it Is easy to avoid prosecution. For all particulars send stamped envelope to W. J. FuarsivaL, 16 aranville Xerrace, Stone, Staffordshire.

41:41ACILid' MICANS BASY.—Business people who would 1 make the dealing with their Correspondents, Orders, &c., easy, should write for particulars of an Invention enabling them to do so, to PAcue,' 9, St. Andrew's rd., Plaistow, Essex.

ARMY BUTCH StRB.-4,000 pairs or new eevrn Bluchers. Will send one pair, any size. for ss. 6d. ; Waterproof Overall Leggings, 2s. 6d, pair ; either post free. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GASSO x, Government Contractor, Rye.

ADY offers her beautiful Gold Watch, perfect order, 30s. ; I,tarnond Gold Brooch, is. 61. ; Gold Curb Ring, Bd.; Silver-mounted Umbrella, tortoiseshell handle, latest style. Ao., ; otiver-plated Dinner Cruet, 7a. 6d,—Coax, 1, Prebend st., &Word.

DECORATORS and others who are large buyers of Oil,, paint. white lead, yarnisbee, turpentine, japan,, enamels, distempers, etc., should apply for list of manufac— turers to "OIL AND COLOUR T HADES JotuvrAL," 8, Broadway, Ludgate Hill. London. WO.

41—)13RSIO ' TOILST SOP.—Por limited period. to 1) advert's., 3 tablets in picture box, sent post-paid for 7d. P. 0., 2 boxes, is. ; 3 boxes, Is. 54. He,totrope, violet, rose, tko. Purity gitaranteed.-41CINTOSEI WILSoN, 3 Alder- manbury Buildings, London, E.O.

QALVANIZgD COttit, GATIM SHERI'S, all warranted sound, 3ft, 9d ; 4ft., le. ; 51t.. Is 3d. ; 61t., Is. 13d. ; 71t., is. d. ; tt., 24. ; 9tt., 2s. sd. ; lOtt., 2.. Bd. each ; ridging, 3i, per ft. ; spouting, 30. per ft.—(W. Dep.), 13nLks, Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Retabllshed 1828.

UM" AND OHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Sbops tltted corn- "' piete and business taught, it you want to make money hAve a Supper Bar. we hold the largest stock of fittings Rangers. Peelers Cutters. &c. List and particulars free.— Bilennorrs', 71, Paradise it., Liverpool.

VHNS 1 OVIINS 1 OVHNS 1I I Bakers and Con- fectioners and Pork Butchers, we are In a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for Bet and full particulars.—kfainorrs', 71, Paradise st., Liverpool.

BABY LINEN by post, from makers, 60 articles 21s. ladles' underwear ; send 6e. or Ts. 6d. for one eaob. night, chem, and knickers; say ii white, unbleached or' flannelette required ; money returned If not approved. Baal MOND & SON, LTD., 7 Iverfon,

4-1- IKE ICE THEY'LL DISSOLVE BY AND BY.'—My 1.../ line, • News of the World,' Jan. sth won £57 18s. Eightfold winner offers expert assistanoe. Exclusiveness guaranteed. No bunkum. Any limerick. 64. each, I for la ; monthly subscription, 3 lines weekiy, 2s. 94. —&. Tenby, South Wales.

T&PANE6II NOVELTIRS, within the reach of all.-25 V Hand-coloured Postcard.; views, galena, lc., ls. 6d. ; 12 gold-lacquerel postcards, 2s. : 12 hand-painted postcards, 2s. 12 hand-coloured exquisite bromide postcards, 2s. 6d. Postal Order accepted car.paid; any Japanese curio supplied ; Catalogue free. —Jamas RADIZEI & Co.. Yokohama, Japan.

GARNETT'S 'NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

Zig Crammer gyrries THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER is published every Ssturday morning. The . principal and the Oldest Weekly P,per for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick. Pacigate, Lymm, Ac.. being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district Covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in booth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. FICHE RUNCORI7 EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1. morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. WIDNES EXAMINER. published every baturday 1. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry THE RAftLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earleatown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, tfaydocsk. Lowton &a. The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire Coal fields THE ST. HELENS EXA.Miroart. published every 1 Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helena, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley Cross, de.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pREPAID A I;7ERTISESIENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2a. ... 3s. bl. 27 ... Os. 91. ... Is. 10d. ... 38. Od. sa. Od. ra 38 ... Is. Cl. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4a. Od. ... 6s. Oci. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... be. Od. ... 7s. Cd. 54 ... Is. Bcl. ... be. Bd. ... Si, Od. 10e. Od.

0011 " GLEAN SWEEP " SALE IS NOW PROCEEDING. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. W. T. W ILLIAMS, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

gitr;;;;A:TERSEIGEus Indigestion kills more victims than war SYRup itself. It is foolish in the extreme to neglect the early symptoms. Take Mother Seigel's Mother Seigel's Syrup Syrup. Take it now, and avoid risks. is now alqo prepared iT4 It is the supreme cure for indigestion because IN TABLET FORM /Ard it strengthens your stomach and live, and and •old oilier the name enables them to do their natural work. of MoLhet Seigel's Syrup 0 Tablets. Prlc,: 29 bottle. 12 CURES INDIGESTION. ci

Delicate Children. Angier's Emulsion possesses the identical properties most needed for building up delicate children. A pleasant soothing tonic, a great aid to digestion and a builder of the system, it has a wonderfully invigor- ating influence, and makes the little ones rapidly gain in weight, strength and colout. ANGIER'S EMULSION (Petroleum with Hytiophosuhltesa Of chemists, 1/li, 2/9 and 4/6. "GAINED STRENGTH AND WEIGHT." "Dunira," Bridge of Weir, N.B. Dear Sirs,—l am writing to express my appreciation of Angier's Emul- sion. My youngest son, aged seven, has been very delicate; but after tak- ing a course of Angier's Emulsion he has gained strength and weight, and is now a big, strong lad able to travel by train to school every day. lam never without a bottle in the house, and if any of my family get a cold they all know mother's never- EKIJESIOti failing cure, An- gier's Emulsion. MA. HOLMES A FREE SAMPLE on receipt of 3d. postage. ANGIER CHEMICAL CO. 32 Snow Hill, London, E.G

Dr. 11- ;W(tn& Pink Pills. " My whole soul is devoted to music," she said. _________ " Having successfully entered upon an operatic career, I was terribly di,tressed when, five years ago, my Mr. Fogg: "What made you KO late coming health became so ' run down ' that ray life was almost home from school?" k despaired of. Though I look strong and healthy now Tommy: "Teacher ep' me in." Why?" ' I was almost like a walking skeleton then. From a :: strong healthy girl I fell away to a shadow. It ;ma jist a misunderstanding." "Well, what sort of a misunderstanding?" ANEMIA AND INDIGESTION. "Why, I didn't understand my jography "My face became drawn and so pale that my flesh lesson." looked like marble. AnTinia and Indigestion were ---.4—..—. . robbing me of strength entirely, and I suffered - Torturer: "What's ;them difference between five-and-twenty?" terribly. My eyes grew dim tind heavy, my lips and twice twenty-five and months, Interval of during which victim gums were bloodless, there was a dull ache under my shoulder blades, and every time I breathed I felt a uses up nineteen pencils and seven quires of r paper in "working it out. sharp pain in my left side, Fits of giddiness often Victim: "There's no difference at all." overcame me. Although hungry, I detested the sight ' Torturer: "Isn't there? Twice twenty-five's or smell of food, and after even a slight meal I suffered' fifty. (Victim nods.) Twice five's ten, and such distress that I had no rest Sound refreshing sleep entirely deserted me, and I always felt languid 1 twenty's thirty. Fine day, isn't it? " and tired out. COMPLETE NERVOUS BREAKDOWN. I "My nervous system broke down entirely, and the I least noise sent a thrill through my body. I grew [ low-spirited, and the company of friends irritated me. I "I was scarcely ever free from severe headaches. ! My limbs, owing to the lack of blood, felt chilled, and neuralgia attacked me. when they are healthy and their "I say most emphatically," Miss Foster continued, 1 food is doing its proper work: " that at this time I was a pale, nerveless, shattered wreck, and that it was only Dr. Williams' Pink Pills 1 THE BEST FOOD IS m that rescued e from this state, and built up my j health and strength. For some time I took no other i eave,s Food medicine than Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, 1 and steadily I could feel their splendid effect upon my j blood. My appetite became excellent, and all traces of Indigestion, as well as of Aniemia, disappeared. I ; enjoyed refreshing sleep, and in time regained my I proper weight with that perfect health which has : continued ever since." j As with Miss Grace Foster so it has been with 1 countless other victims of Anmmia and Indigestion I Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fill the veins with plenty of ' New, Pure, Rich Blood, and strengthen the whole ' I system. So they have cured Antennia, Indigestion, : , and Decline, Palpitations, Rheumatism, Sciati-a' ; Paralysis, and Women's Aches and Ills. But only the ' [genuine pills cure ; ask for, and see that you get them. I ass They have printed on each package the full name (seven words) Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Tale I , DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS People. 'Obtr.inable of all dealers ; or sent direct by ' naAckeacahie7l'..tiemntigyOwGio.uhthajaeaumunt stlougceiaffteiccat in aentyianff the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn diseases otthe Kidneys, Ste'. If you suffer, take c:ne pellet Viaduct, London. Price, post free, .2s. 9d. for one , three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses box, or 138. 9d. for six box. A useful booklet entitled, ou will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain " Many Things Worth Knowing," will he sent free on y Be,iartkeaacht onc lc. e enclosing xi stamps for one box or 33 stamps application to above address. { for 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO.. • --- - I _63, NRLSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LUXDONs SE, PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, ; DIE STA MPERS, ACCOUNT BOOK MAKERS ' RULES BOOKS. I ACCOUNT BOOKS, i JOHN WALKER & CO.. 1 BEWSEIT STREET, WARRINGTON.

e ,0:::::...:•,...::::::::„.„.::,...,..,....,..„...,p,..,:f,.:.„:::......,..r.„..„.„,..,..„,.:...7....,..,.....•...,..........,.....„....„,...„. ...,„....., .. , ......4.7...,..... ; ..:, •,:::!,nti,......,;.*.i0:3R.7ii...r.,.."4.1,,,,,,,:,,....;; f.f: .V, -,, k:. t ....S•AtI?::: ,lii. :i. '', :I s. : '.. ',.' ' .., t .2::;1 : , ............. :g.iff:•:, . ....i''' i ::'' .. . :'' '- ' .: ' ' ' ..''' '''''' 411% ....W.- ': , , 7i!74.:.:'.351A07. . .. . '........../.:4:,,,;:;,:.:,„.,:',T'•.' .r.. ..'"'i*:4;:.:: jigS33:.' ..'1.i::•:..:::,,,'ff?,:-:.. '''',..:'•••••:,,... ,:.: • - -,14. .."," .r, i.,,,... ',.,...?,F rareLy?, .. \1.,,,.....,...:..:.::,....,:-",.. • ; :::::::,,,m,;.-. ',..l*.iigg.:6-,l*ii;l-v*,. -t-s, a.. ....i,...-4:-..±:...y00:,. Vgi'q. i- , . 1 -,,if:1:.:4„.. :-. • ...ii6•: ...'. ::!,41.:-..kkrt . „,_,,.:,.t.' UNCLE . :'•:.: 1 * NED. ••' ', 7 ~ _) \N.-4// i \‘',.., ''' • 1 '' :. .• . , 6:•.'::•:•;,1,.....:.;.:.,, ..:..., • •-• ...... . ....,ii.-*x..... .. - . LAM,. .- 1.-( .-..-,, --- ~,......_ ..,--,:-;•;.,• .-.• ••• - / 't:. -'- ,a3A.- ~..• -Nonow , 1.54',- '-. -Ild .• 5'',414:•::.:.,:.•,. i•1'..:••••,;,..,.,-.5"..•:'• - • -- . •••• ~. - - • :„..,',. '..• 4;141.;;t:-4* IBEN, I A B' OF STICKS.

d7riomiLleitocciace ixinSghocisrpuriffi

11111 U 1111 V 1 . 11::•4%''''''C'''IVI: iegitsir , You simply drop a Id. tablet of Ju-Vis ---.../-.. i e into a breakfast cup of boiling water to 01 j."l7ll,lFht, ', make a most wholesome, delicious , ' • ' '‘.l ' •• . A. 6) . BEEF TEA Breathitt improved by valuable vegetable additions. CUP Tablets sold in id., 31{1., and mid. sizes. , Fluid Ju-Vis tr.rgrezlvtnzfttlLlivielz..Lour. Id 20Z. battle ifid., 4oz. i rid., Boz., 1/9.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GoUT AND RHEUMATISM by ti ADES PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.

"RELIEF SOON CAME ! " :.'.. isTAINED GREAT RELIEF." 11, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester. Novemb r 15th, 1906. ; 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a I Reading' October to you to testi October Ist, 1906. constant sufferer from severe attacks of rheumatism,] Dear Sir,—l am writidg these oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time I to the value of your Gout Pills. My father' who and could get nothing to bring relief. I was, however ncw dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact on. induced to try your Pills, and of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. known. My eldest brother is also a chronic suffere, Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of and I myself suffer from the same complaint. -ly my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doingfather and brother succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith IBTAINED GREAT RELIEF in the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I sho aid me to be without a bottle of them in the house ; in use them, and this I have done for the last five years, fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a and have always found them to almost relieve me at guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not things than be without them a single week, take cffence at this Door letter, I remain, yours truly, Yours gratefully, J. HOPSON (a working man). JAMES BARLOW. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are Perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent old everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232. Goswell road London GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road,London„ EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

r a Ems T. 4 .-.:..e., 9 ik't- AMETHYST .e JEWELS. Prettiest, and the Most Charming etisQ-I.4eSs . Wear. -, -4,•,-;)? -ft-4......0.3.- , INEXPENSIVE AND 'Oz ), . . i..._• ,•-, , .e, 4 4,.,C,- (~ VERY EFFECTIVE. r7.:4‘ .. •-- Amethyst and Pearlro .p. tip"- --' • '. ' --- -11‘• Brooch. E 1 .12.6. :-• -", . • MA.-As Brooches, -07 k -Fr i -)--, ''•.,*' - • . ivc:ls.. ,10 Bracelets, Necklets, Pendants, f Rings, &c., &c. Amethyst and Pearl I 1 Pendant, £3.10. Amethyst and Pearl Brooch. Amethyst and read Pendant, 1, Amethysts are ' _- £3.5. £5.5. ! symbolical of , Truth ci Sincerity. 1 Ipk-,i_k(,!_•,, . ______ _.---d•.." ------ - -- Selections _ . . sent on Amethyst and Pearl Amethyst and Pearl Approval. Safety Brooch, 244-. Safety Brooch, 18/6. T \ Coloured Sketches —Sekite.e.Ki ' , . Free. ',/ ''',%l7_-_'3l---41 -, •- - ,-, j_..:/-1.41---:'1,1-___....41•-.! Amethyst - t Pearls, £5. Obtainable , as, .9 s (44111111101 r Many other' -• ,' ---/-*.5.7 (1 dsort„ gr• ticc....,,.,a . . 4t. --.."•rte\:: • /Due vtITRS 1,-, •. -4.--,• -,, Designs en .s, ____,....iiii!l, i4,•!)..V..-' t.T.-,,, ' ......1.•'4,:.5.! .>!: Bracelets, '"“stE.,l,'',. •.floi ~',. ~;t:;. ~.., . sYSTEM OF :"R., - . •-t-' Breeches. e''''.7,( \g'f, (sltge:- " t'd ~ MONTHLY , , A...t...„...--,-' '' , . - Amethysts, Diamond &c. PA Y M ENTS l' Points, £5.10. Amethyst and Pearls, £2.15. . I I ILLUSTRATED No. I, of Watches, Chains. Rings (with Size Card), .Tewellery. Al Cash Prices , No. 2,0 f Imperial& Silver Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit) Cases, Clocks, BOOKS FREE Pretty and'yet Inexpensive Articles in Silver for presents. 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

Are you Bothered by Biliousness • Many people are. It is a very common form of liver trouble, and a very unpleasant one, involving sick-headache, nausea, dizziness, and often complete prostration during an attack. When you are bilious you require something that will effectively stimulate th. Liver and give speedy relief, and there is no better medicine for this purpose than 13•EECHAM'S PILLS because they act directly on the congested organ, regulate the flow of bile and carry off all impurities. But the good effects of Beecham's Pills are not only confined to the regulation of the liver. The complexion improves, the dark circles under the eyes disappear, the head clears, and the general health is renewed. Beecham's Pills are purely vegetable and a safe medicine for mart, woman, and child. Take them as directed whenever there is need to Exercise the Liver. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1/ (56 pills) Ei 2/9 (168 pills).

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

OLDISVIIRYWHEIBB at la. W., 24. 0d..4e.84., and 11 Owl) 0 d , LUNG TONIC,. Wontn:rs CURE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. ASTHMA, Etc.

• ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS. eta. Bettlss.lid., Is. lid.. & in gd. AumFree Sample for Id. ma.= r. OLD • M&NDLLI. & Col A. I Dolpt. AZ • .) St k t 011 TOOII. vcorfetne

THE VI ANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS No More SOFT LINHN twhen Starched Used In the Roral Laundries. , Should be es.d in every house. ONCE TRIED, Oaw,.. MAKES OLD ALWAYS TRIED. ls Mir LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Remised Linen. Laces, etc. It does not stink to spider-web like materiels. Sold by Grocers, Chemists. Stores, etc in packets at Id.. 3d., and fict. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, • CHEMIST BLACKBURN.

aills°- 60410 eir • CURES when all other Remedies tail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CORE! The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard eallosi nee cr th ulea of be feet. If von suffer try a b ox, you w never regret it. Boxes 1/I.i. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

CORSETS All sizes. la:ltee.st Grey or Post free 2,6, had only from True Nork orrr Co, 15 Carlton ll,Oad, Worksop, Nottingham.

FREE Insaranee Guide by Independent Brp•rti. Appl7 Rs & 00., 11 iljuseaVlotonii St., London,

HoopING_COUGH - CROUP The Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal:Medicine ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacious in cases of BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM Price fls. per Bottle, of all Chemists. _— W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng

LADIES TO ENSURE a tasty dinner, and please their cook. snoald present them with a id. packet of Gravo-Thick known as Yerand's Gravytlaick. If your Universal Provider can- not supply you ask him to write to Inventors, Yerand Co., Honor Oak Park, London, 8.8 Refuse imitations. SAVE HALF YOUR SOAP BILLS By using the Economic Soap Saver. Pluck Patent No. 3151. ctin• 2 Of all Ironmongers and Oilmen, or plat free 70. from W. U. YORDRAW & BOMB, LTD.. York Road. Mars Cross, LONDON.

Jest Published. Cr. Cloth. Price 30. SA Bev 'The Master Beast' A.D. 1882 —2020. By HORACE W. C. NEWT& A Novel. to vanquish Socialism, giving a graphic account of the ruthless ty molly leflicted on the Britieh People by Socialism in A.D. Scess. " A veritable triiimpk."—Western Morning News. MONISM? An Antidote to Prot. Bucket's 'Tee Biddle of the Universe" By EA Pb. MARCUS, M.D. Trans. by It. W. ?ELKIN. DD. etc, 'Distinctly pood."—Christine Cr. 11v0..144 op.. Parer Covers. la. net; by Post 1.. yaz. !AMON; 1138 AN. WA. 12s. Shateehury Av.. W.O.

MR. R. A. NAYLOR. -- Reported Sinking. The grave news reached us last night from our Langford correspondent that Mr. rt. A. Netylor, of Langford Park, Somerset, was gradually sinking, and no hopes could be entertained of his recovery. fie passed a fairly quiet night on Thursday, but his strength was not maintained yesterday.
