===== 0002601_19080905_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
t‘ INO CORSETS 3/- PER PAIR. imp POST PRES. —roc LADY DESIRING GRAM BASE AND COMPORT SHOULD WHAR IPittin AN° KINO CORSETS. lutety unbreakable. fdade of best material pith Spiral 11. Any size to 30 inches. Grey or Black, Write for list, e, W. H. KINSELLA dc Co. -.OSVHNOR ST., PICCADILLY, HAISCHIPTBH.

_ _

i I.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICES

LOCAL BRANCH :--i 029 Bridge St.,

-4r*-qt_

===== 0002601_19080905_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
TIME IS MONEY

Secure the right time by purchasing

===== 0002601_19080905_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
DALTON'S Watches,

P.

English Levers 20/- each. Waltham Levers LOWER THAN ANY RETAIL ENGLAND.

27/9. SHOP IN

Warrington.

72 PAGES FOR ID. NOW ON SALE AT ALL NEWSAGENTS, AND AT THE "Examiner" Office, Bewsey Street, Warrington,

-

AT °BIWA HMI (Promenade). —Comfortable APART- "- MENTs, teeing sea; terms moderate.—TECßlSToN, 5, Langdale Terrace.

MORBOAMBH, W.B.—APARTMBNTS. Bath. Bea view four doors from Promenade.—Mro. B. H. ritHWOHTIf, Hawthorne Houle, 10, Alexandra rd.

,'"

THE ADMIRALTY, THE TREASURY, THE CUSTOMS, THE INLAND REVENUE, THE COLONIAL, OFFICE, THE FOREIGN OFFICE, THE HOME OFFICE, Ilia CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION, THE POST OFFICE, THE HOARD OF TRADE, THE BOARD OF AGRICULTURE, THE ECCLESIASTICAL COMMISSION. THE ROYAL MINT, THE %AR OFFICE THE EDUCATION DEPARTMENT. THE INDIA OFFICE, THE POSTMASTER-CENBRAL'S OFFICE,

There nre over O,OC° Government Posts, salar!es attacbea to which range from £2,000 per annum Mat of the Chairman of the Board of Customs) down to that of the P.O. Telegraph Messenger at a few shillings per weEk.

THB RHCOGNISRD TRAINING INSTITUTION FOB 'ALL GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS IS

SKERRY'S COLLEGE, A Copy of Ferrice Guide can be bad post free iron Tte Secretary, 5, BOLD BT., LIVISRPOOL.

Itlatrimong

MATRIMONIAL POST and FASHIONABLII MA11111.1,013 ADVBRTlSEll.—Bstablisbed WO a century; 15,000 marriages arranged. Luger than all the Matrimonial Agencies In the world combined. Sealed envelope 5d., with circular SO.—EDITOR (ROOM W. 80, 12. Trafalgar Buildings. Northumberland Avenue, London,W.e. Distance immateriAl

===== 0002601_19080905_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
r LANDUDNO and NORTH WALES COAST .—For 1.4 Furnished and Untarnished Hones apply H. HYa.n, Estate Agent ac d Auctioneer, Llandudno.

LANDUDNO.—CRAIG VOR BOARDING HGLIbE, 1 4 ABBEY BD.—Lovely situation in beet residential put of town. Bvery comfort. Moderate terms.

LANDUHNO JUNCTION, NORTH WALBB: Sitting", I,_/ two or three Bedrootua ; la. each person per night Inolueive.—Ntre. ROBERTSON, Preswylta.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
f LANDUDNO. Comfortable APARTMENTS. hlsgbly Li recommended. Close to sea and trams. Terms moderate. --Mm. B. GRIFFITHS, lalamount, Grove Terrace.

ONGON.--Facing Exhibition, Bedrooms,use sitting rooms, .1J bedroom and breat fast, 3s. 6d.—VVLAToN Hone, 45 Shepherd) Bush Green. Phone 288 Hammersmith

ORECAMBH,W.V.—PubIic andprivate APARTIMATB IT.I piano ; beds 2i.; near Albambra,—Mrs. BEATIAMT 31, Parilement st.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

The End of an Old Rcyal Yacht.—The old Royal Yacht Osborne has been taken to Harwich, there to be P PesTUEZ A T THE lANO. broken up. It was announced at one time that the ' vessel would be sold but other counsefs have prevailed, I will cite just a few of the faulty habits that and there is an end teeny expectations which American pianoforte students acquire almost uncon- millionaires, or others, may have entertaiaed, of miougy, writes Madame Crisp in the Girl's possessing this interesting relic of the Victorian reign. Realm• Man masters are too "nice " to tell The Osborne was built at Pembroke in IS7O, to serve Anything with regard to pos- es a complementary craft to the Victoria and their lady pupils Albert, in which the Lite Queen did most of her ture. There. is the excitable girl who, with travelling by sea. Many memories cluster round the flurried hook, hustles across the platform, and, tread-beamed Osborne, but she was never it good sea after making a quick bow, flops down on the boat, and her chief use was to serve as quarters during steel as hurriedly. Then she rises a little three the Cowes week, to the Prince of Wales, now the King. times—it's always three times !—to arrange her It tees also on this vessel that his Majesty spent' his slow Then there is the girl who, when seated i Jong convalescence after the accident to his knee at at the pianoforte, pushes n that hairpin or sees Waddeston Manor in 1398. that her waistband is in order.T Another type is Royalty on Deeside.—The King is expected to aerive the girl who jerks her head downward at every at Balmoral about the 25th of this mouth for his sforrando and strong accent. Yet another player customary fortnight's stay on Deeside Our late is the one that sits too far away from the key- Queen, it used to be remarked, perhaps spent too much board, and so has to lean forward in order to of her time in the remote Iliehlands,around Lochnagara reach the keys. This results in a most ungrace- but since coming to the throne, King Edward has been ful attitude. To play well and to look well the 4 content with his annual two weeks' stay at Balmoral. whole body must he absolutely loose. It is a His Majesty can get better shooting elsewhere, and he little ciifficult to be loose and straight too, but is past Lein," sti;liciently young and active to be keen on it can be done. deer-stalkin?; which is the sportsman's chief attraction at Balmoral. The Princess Royal, who has inherited all her grandmother's love of the Highlands, is staying with the Duke of Fife, and her daughters at Mar Lodge until the end of October. Her Royal Highness and the Duke rarely entertain large partiee at Mar Lodge, although I the House contains more than 120 spacious rooms, but I the King and the Prince of Wales will probably be i guests there when the first of the deer drives in Mar Forest takes place at the end of this month. Royalty and Open-air Life.—The Dnchees of Connaught, with Princess Patricia—who certainly inherits her parents love of the simple out-door life, has been devoting much of her time lately to golf, taking its usual no heed of the weather. Despite her Jove of open-air life however, the Duchess, like all Gerrnam Princesses, is unceasing in the care of her home and family, and both at Bagshot Park, and Clarence House, household arrangements run upon oiled wheels and the utmost comfort prevails. The Duchess of Conuaught is a keen collector of old furniture, rare china and odd treasures, which she has brought mostly from foreign lands and distributed about her homes. Women's Golfing Dress.—Cream is the colour chosen by the modish feminine golfer just now. Her stort skirt, made of aide workmanlike blanket serge, smart knitted coat, and tam-o'-shanter' are all in cream, not a hint of colour appearing about the whale costume. A more serviceable scheme, nevertheless, is the navy serge skirt, the knitted coat or jersey, tam-o'-shanter' and leather hem to the skirt being nut brown. Red is little seen upon the golf course, which is a matter for regret, the note it affords, there, as upon the river, being artistic and effective. Dress in Spain.—So far, Queen Victoria Eugenie has not followed the fashion beloved by Spanish women, of wearing black very frequently. Her Majesty still keeps to her favourite white, pale blue, and pale pink toilettes, and save now and again in the evening rarely dons black at all. As the average Spanish Complexion is pale, indeed often waxen white it is somewhat remark- able that black should prove so becoming to it, but the fact remains, and is not overlooked by the stately graceful women of the country. Combinations in Colours and Fabrics.—ln the world of colours, a very effective alliance is that of the dull soft shades of terracotta and green, while another is that of olive green, and pale pinkish huff. Two other shades which at the moment are working well together, are the rich purple and red tones of the China aster. The fashion for trimming light weight fabrics with heavy ones, promises to continue, and withont doubt it is a particularly graceful one. Of course we should see to it that the heavy fabric is not too heavy for the lighter one, and therefore likely to tear Away from it, which, by the way, is a point dressmakers do not often very carefully consider. Japanese Umbrellas.—Real Japanese nmbrellas made of paper, and carried out in vo^y subtle coleurs and strange designs, have had this summer quite a vogue at eeaside resorts, both at home and abroad. When seen with the simplest of hats and gowns, the effect has not been unpleasing, but with smart dressy toilettes it must bse confessed the idea has often made decidedly for the theatrical. The Directoire Directoire stick is new affected by extreme fashionists conspicuons in the dress of that period. Very long; and usually of ebony or jet black, the Directoire stick is fitted with a gold headed cross piece, fashioned like a snuff-box ; and which is used as a receptacle for pastilles and bon-bons, iqatead of snuff as in the olden times. Something like a mild sensation has been created on the few occasions upon which these sticks have made their appearance in London lately, and every device will be used to make them fashionable during the autumn. Then and Now.—Tho International Council of Women' which assembled this week at Geneva, reminds us how far we have advanced in the emancipation of woman,' since the times when she was commolityliiated as the ! slave and chattel of man. One of the London papers which reprints items from its news columns, of a 1 hundred years ego; recently furnished evidence as to how well-founded was the Frenchman's idea that it was' asommon thirg for Englishmen to sell their wives. It recorded in one week, in 1808, four instances of this kind in London, one of which took place in Smithfield Market, where the wife, with the customary appendage' of a halter, was sold for three shillings. A few shillings was the average figure in such contracts, but often it was only liquor, and in one of these particular cases the wife was told for a pint of gin, and agallon of porter. on which the husband get dont:, fell into the deck, and was drowned.—Partieulars also appeared in the same issue of a min who made a bet that he could drink a , butt of porter in six dries that is, 18 gallons per day, and he performed the clisgustieg feat with apparent ease."—Evidently it may be said of the lower orders of a hundred years ago, as of the ancient Britons, that " manners they Lad none, and their customs were beastly." The "Gibson Girl" Way.—Marriage has deprived Mr. Sevraore Hicks of the services of yet another of his " Gibson Girls " in the person of aliss Elsie Kay, who was married last week to 51 r. Ronald McAndrew, eon of a wealthy shipbuilder of Liverpool. This makes the tenth of Mr. Hick's "Gibson Girls" who have suddenly left the stage for tbe ancient but still popular institution of matrimony, all of whom have married raen of great wealth, end in several instances also of high social position. In years gone by popular actresses had a way of attaining free advertisement by not infre- quently losing their jewelsahut now it eeems they lose their hearts and it would appear that one of the. easiest ways of doipg this is be engaged by Mr. Seymore Hicks to play in the attractive rote of a "Gibson Girl." Linen " Shelves" for Boxes.—A capital plan when making a round of short visits is, to place between each set of garments packed into a box, a length of soft linen, rather solidly hemmed to the size of the I receptable. Thus, eft" a layer of underwear, a linen "shelf "should be arran gad, then would come perchance a layer of petticoats, a layer of skirts, a layer of hand- kerchiefs, gloves, ties, belts, and collars, a layer of blouses, Sm., between each of which a "shelf " of linen tbculd be laid. This device saves infinite trouble, as each layer can be lifted out without the bother, muddle, end loss of time of unpacking. Many women sew little tapes at the four corners of each " shelf " upon which they mark the name of the articles which lie above, still further simplifying the task of finding things in a hurry without unpacking.

away, leaving a V-shaped opening ,back and i front, which s edged win a broad • piping of velvet a little darker than .the material, the points being finished with velvet-covered but- tons. The opening at the neck is piped with velvet; and a little band embroidery, or silk trimming, adorns the front and .the wing sleeves. The guimpo and sleeves" are of silk of the same shade, the guimpe being tucked And the collar bordered with a narrow strap of velvet. The cuffs are trimmed to correspond.

MADGE.

, ckg2v74, 1 ......,,...7„ ~... .: OtZ__Alll4) Ile lif I 000,1 / 1, ;5•.... , -,r , , ...,, 1,!//' ,„. ,\ \ ii ‘ 1:14i,-k ~ \\\\ _ iii i , ~...._ ....., N'"•- -0- , 1 ••.•........... ' . /71 Liiii I 1 it 4 1/ , • ~ 1 ' k 1 li 'l4l , • lit 1 .. ,

===== 0002601_19080905_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 110DE8 AS THEY ABE.

Neglige gowns are close clinging, with scanty drapery, somewhat too long for comfort, due tb the fact ,that they emanate from Paris, and that most Frenchwomen have plump figures, and a trained gown gives an appearance of height. Some of the clinging satin knd gauze gowns are very surprising, and they are worn in Paris by people in society. It is necessary nowadays to study one's figure; otherwise one is apt to be ridiculous. The revival of Empire fashions comes from Paris, and while not unbecoming to stout figures disguises too slight ones.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAT'S RECIPE.

PIGEONS EN SITRPRISE.—PIuck and draw the pigeons, allowing one for each person. Blanch thorn for a few minutes in boiling salted water. Take them out, and into th 3 same water plunge an equal number of fine cabbage lettuce. Let these boil five minutes; then lift out, rinse in cold water, and squeeze in a cloth. Cut them down the centre to' open, without breaking the outer leaves; make a hollow inside and sprinkle with herbs and seasoning and the chopped gib- lets of the pigeons. Then place in the hollow thus prepared one pigeoh and close up so as to !make the lettuce appear as if, untouched. Tie securely with thread and set the lettuces in a kstewpan, and cook with broth enough to just !cover them for fully an hour. Drain them and remove tho threads; then serve with a thickened !sauce made from the broth, & yolk of egg, butter ' and flour. PRETTY AFTERNOON DRESS.

For satin-faced cloth in a delie'ate shade of cinnamon is the afternoon dress shewn in our sketch intended. Down the front of the dress there is a plain panel, reaching from the yoke to the foot of the skirt. This is embroidered a little near the top, and is trimmed with a double row of buttons covered with glacti silk the same shade as the material. The bodice is arranged in folds

layer the shoulders, and trimmed with small ball fringe, the wide sleeves being also trimmed with fringe. The guimpe is of fine net, drawn up to a little round yoke of thicker lace. The full sleeves are of net, and finished with little turn- back cuffs of lace.. Long close-fitting net, cuffs could be, added if wished. The folded sash is of cretie-cle-ohine to match the cloth, and it is tied in a bow at the side and the ends finished with tassels.

_,.. . r \ , '1,„,-4 :::0•40-Z-j;,, •...,,,.; , , 46V: ''' '/,'' • ' • .6 \ q 11 ~ \\\\ \\\'ili• I * . \ , \ , ..\ '\4..\ y..V • t'. . \ \ i 1r • ii,l. ' 'Li I! I • I i

===== 0002601_19080905_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE LADY PIIRSED.

lOne of the Cunard liners has, it seems, a lady purser. During a recent trip they promoted their stenographer to be assistant purser, and it / is reported that some other steamship lines have announced that they mean also to appoint women as pursers or assistant pursers. There has never seemed any reason, comments the travel editor of the ()wen, why women of the right stamp should not be pursers. They would have to be very good sailors, but, then, many women are that. On some lines, to be a good linguist would be a groat advantage. Comment- ing on the innovation, a well-known society occupied with extending the field of women's work in general remarks that a woman purser _seemed to them an excellent idea; while the secretary of the Travellers' Aid Society for Women and Girls', who is perhaps in a better position to know exactly what a purser's life I means, thinks a woman purser should be middle- : aged, and should only be concerned with .the ; women passengers. One purser r knew under- took the most manifold duties, from getting up fancy-dress balls and advising on tho ladies dresses for them, to decorating the dinner. tables With flowers and plants, if possible; and with elaborate devices of coloured baby ribbon, if the ship were too far from a port for flowers and plants to be still fresh.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
NATTIER - BLUE CASHMERE FROCK.

Our sketch shows an autumn dress for a young girl. It would be carried out in Nattier-blue cashmere, and would make a charming "best dress" to wear during the coming term. The skirt is arranged with a little fulness at the back of the waist, and there are two tucks above the hem. The bodice is made in the pinafore style, the cape-like sleeves being cut in one with the bodice. ,at the shoulders the material is out

.19!S

===== 0002601_19080905_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHION AND FAT.

• When fashion demands slender- gracefulness of NV tywen who have to break corset laces to make them- selves even presentab'e, isn't it fottnnate that science steps in and makes their task easy? • - For dieting and exercising science has substituted • pTeasant. wholesome mixture that can be obtained from any chemist, viz.: Ore half-ounce of Marthola, tone ounce of fluid extract of Glycyrrhiza 13,13. ODO ounce of Fire Glycerine 8.P., and Peppermint Water to make six ounces in all. One dessertspoonrul.of this mixture after meals and at bedtime will take off four to seven pounds of fat a week without causing wrinkles, and without inter- fering with the diet or distressing the stomach in the slightest degree.

-PENSIONS COMIITTEE FOR ST. HELENS. The Parlismentary Committee of the St. Helens Town Council have decided to appoint a pensions com- mittee for the borough, consisting of the following : Aldermen ll...ocher°, i3ishnp, Dixon-Nuttall, Forster, Sir Christopher Gamble, Green, 'Martin. MaEsey, end W. W. Piningtoo, and Councillors W. Bates, Brown, Collier, Crocks, Foote, Gamble, Glynn, APLachlan, Peet, P. Phythian, NO, Rudd, Walsh and Woodward. The Bo] too. Unity of Oddiellows have written risking that tome of the members or the order should be appointed on the committee, and this matter has been referred to the Council.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Cautht in the Act.

At the Borough Police Court on Thursday, William Newton, Friars' Green, was charged with stealing from the yard-of Albert Wright, builder, Martury- street, a brush and three pairs cf hinges. The Chief Constable said prisoner was occasionally ernrloyed by the 1. resecutor, who for some little limo had been missing goods. On Thursday he kept observation, and shot t'y after noon he saw prisorer take the brush and hinges and place them under his coat. He 2CCOE ted him, and prisoner replied: "Don't lock me 'rip. Forgive me this tmae." Prisoner was given in charge of Constable Woollacott. He had been twice previously before the Com t. The magistrates sen- itenced prisoner to a month's hard labour.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
GARMIRTR. McDOUGALL'S Patinit SELF-RAISING FLOUR The Examinek Saturday, September 5, 1908. WOMAN'S REALM. ISCIENCE NOTES AND NE-WS. PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES. By —Veronica.

MICROBES IN MILK.

Some ;interesting experiments with milk are reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Milk of the purest de- scription, when put into the cold-storage room containing only a few hundred bac- teria to the cubic centimetre, shews at the end of - a week a pronounced growth of or- ganisms, and after five or six weeks the num- ber reaches hundreds of millions in the cubic centimetre, even though the tempera- ture may be so low that the Milk assumes a semi-solid mass of ice crystals. It is note:- worthy that such milk has no odour or taste , to indicate the presence of the bacteria.

LE PHOTO G R APHIC MONTHLY.

SEPTEMBER.

• CONTAINS NUMEROUS ILLUSTRA. TIONS OF TIIE FINE WORK PRODUCED BY RUDOLF IDUHRKOOPL MAKING EXCELLENT GUIDES FOR THOSE WHO WISH TO EXCEL IN "HOME PORTRAITURE." PRICE SD. POST FREE 4acl.'

DAW BARN & WARD, LTD.,

6, FARRINCDON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] that such things are impossible, yet my sister certainly seems to be the possessor of some very who were . willing to submit their palms for wers. You heard what she said MR. SWETENHAM'S, marvellous pod just now to M. de Flee, and he acknowledge fashionable palmists—gave "readings" to those inspection and to pay for the privilege. Could' it have been by one of these sisters, he wondered, that . . you don't suppose that she could see what that his weak-minded uncle had been entrapped ?' . I at she had told him the truth." LOVE STORY "But To ascertain this point professional assistance- - . --- ' BREVITIES. es • ' I 'Of course, my dear Mr. Swetenham, I cannot , my life has been, simply by gazing at my hand ? ' scruple to avail himself of it. seemed to be necessary, and the Major did not- . The Photographic Salon Opens on September 11th, tell how your palm may edeveloped, d M S t hre The wedding-day was fixed, an r. we en a i Br JOHN K. LEY'', ' - Ilb but I feel • . and the exhibition of the Royal Photographic Society, Author of "The American Duel," "The nat. pretty confident that she could tell you sense- on September 17th. thing of your past." . . . 'Hs - ) Trap," "In the Grey of the Dawning," "Au ' tier and her husband to grace the ceremony with There will be lantern lectures at the exhibition of gave-his niece to understand that he would expect the Royal Photographic Society, every evening. I Afterthought," "The Lady of Inehgoil," este butthe • • • (as she was • smile,when e signorina 1 Mr. Swetenhain shook his head with a pitying their presence. Lectures on the Thames river " trip, illustrated bye • . ' generally called) returned to public life, h, "I will come, dear uncle, since you wish it,"' -e ' said Jane in the lachrymose tone which she autcthromes, will be given on alternate , evenings' "M S ete 1 e ern clambered into the railway proposed to her, in a half-shamed, half-jesting always used when speaking of the approaching , r. w n 3 throughout the R.P.S. show. Gigantic colour-pictures in nmltiple gum. by Muller, carriage with a sigh of satisfaction, for the fashion, that she should look at his hand, an union. "But you know poor Ludovic has been compartment was empty, and no one appeared see if she could , make anything of it. and the Brothers Hofmeister of Ilan:burg, will form the subjects of a free exhibition at the Little Galleries of and at his heels to intrude on his privacy. sHe was The lady, who was older than Leonora, that he cannot possibly be present." in bed with sciatica for the last day or two, so "The British Journal of Photography," during the time in the act of taking out his cigar-case, when the not nearly so good-looking, retired with Mr. Mr. Swetenham growled, and talked of asking of the R.P.S. and the Salon shows' ' door was flung open and a lady sprang into the Swetenham to a corner, and took his broad, his own medical attendant to see the patient, but No great gift of propbecy is needed to announce that compartment. The next moment the train started- coarse-looking hand between the tips of her this prceosal was received with such ill-concealed gum prints, oils, bromoils, and eutochrocces e ill be "This is a smoking compartment, madam," fingers. - . alarm that Mr. Swetenham thought ,it best to said Mr. Swetenham, submitted to the major exhibitions this year in enormous • sternly. He was a con- I "-You lost both year father end mother early quantities. firmed old bachelor, and strongly objected to in life," said the sibyl, in low-pitched, level say no more on the subject. ; Arrayed in new and rather tightly- fitting tloud-negatives, in variety, should be in every land- travelling alone with wi a lady. • tones. "You have no brothers or sisters, no one scope worker's collection, and the best times for making • „garments with lavender tie and gloves, Mr. Is it 11 ? " 'el the lady, • tb •el t lln other words really?" y said e in a very sweet who can e said o eve you. " effects " are in the Spring and early Autumn. Skies' d the altar '1 f , Swetenham stood near , le rai s o a big, are far too much neglected in ordinary landscape work. and mellifluous voice. "I am so sorry I But you you are alone in the world. Three ago you years. se y empty church at eleven o'clock in the morning, ILLUMINATIONS AND FIREWORKS. see, I hadn't time to choose. I was so anxious were abroad, and you had then a serious illness, waiting the coming of his bride. In a pew to catch this train, for I have an appeintment which very nearly proved fatal to you —_ , Jane Goodrich, in a state of Lengthening- nights, earlier sunsets, and seaside Iwouldn't miss for the world. But, of .course, I Me Swetenham, pale and agitated, snatched behind him sat holidays, combine to suggest artificial light work; and nervousness very 'unusual for her. Her uncle ou are at liberty to smoke. Even if I did not away his hand. the amateurs may easily do worse than experimeat with ? .remembered afterwards that she had shewn no a few plates tipon the illuminated pier or promenade. d not "You cannot mean that you see all that in the ore tke smell of a good cigar I would $y such signs of perturbation on her own wedding- The plates should be backed, the lens-aperture (say) dream of interfering with your enjoyment, but, palm of my band P" day. , 1 Fl 6; and the exposure from ten to twenty minutes of as it happens, I really do 1 " 1 el am not surprised td hear that what I have , The waiting continurd for some time. Mr. medium rapidity. Focussing, is difficult, unless you Mr. Swetenham replied by a grunt and a said is true," said the lady, for 'I seldom make , Swetenhain became annoyed, then angry, and have a very good magnifier, and the best methodis to slight raising of hia hat, and then subsided into mistakes, and the science of palmistry calm" finally anxious as to the cause of the delay. But focus in the daytime, and mark the front-board and his newspaper. • deceive us. But may Igoon ? ' when three-quarters of an hour had gone by the-- , base-board so that at night you can focus by the During the journey one or two trivial courtesies Again Mr. Swetenham surrendered his hand, 'clergyman declined to wait any longer, and Mr. marks. I , passed between the two fellow-travellers. The .and the interpretation of the mystic lines pro- Swetenham sent hisi niece home, and jumping NIGHT SCENES WITH FIGURES. lady-, of- course, had no newspaper. When Mr. ceeded, into a cab gave the man Madame Salvint's In making ordinary night views their/eying figures do Swetenham was quite done with his he offered 1 "You have one true friend, 'said the prophetess, address ie West Kensington. not matter, for they reflect too little light to affect the it to her, and it was received with a smile so peering into the hollow of his hand, and tracing, But there he learnt nothing. The teethe was plate. , Scenes in which figures are included, can be charming that he confessed to himself that she the lines with the tip of one of her fingers. "I shut up and empty, produced very satisfactorily if the camera can be fixed was very pretty, and felt sorry that he had not should say that he was in some way connected ; Much perplexed, and more anxious than ever, in one pcsition for a few hours, or if its position is offered her the paper till it was obvious that with the illness I have mentioned. But he is Mr. Swetenhain drove next to his office, fully marked so that it can be returned to exactly the same he could want it no longer. . She sat directly not in the same rank Not life as yourself— spot. elake the first exposure in daylight, giving from a expecting to find a telegrath awaiting him, but one-tenth to one-fourth of the proper exposure for day- ing else to do but ervant I should say, or perhaps a confidential opposite him, and he had nothing s , yl . s . . there was none. , light work ; then, at night, give it ten to • • twenty study the beautiful lines of her face and the clerk. He is devoted to your interests, but he is , By that time 'unwonted pangs of hunger began I minutes for the artificial lights. delicate tints of her complexion—and he did it. ' opposed by two pbople who exert a powerful to trouble Mr. Swetenham, and, telling himself , MULTIPLE NEGATIVES. I Algernon Robert Swetenham was just sixty- contrary influence, arid .while they profess to be that it would do nobody any good if he were , three years of age, and (he liked to think it) devoted to you, are seeking nothing but their own Whatever may be our opinion about photographic to starve himself to death, he went to a' young for his years. Ho was a mau of consider- ' advantage." "faking," there is no doubt that many subjects can' restaurant and had lunch. When he went back to long-established y means, derived from a I It was not difficult for Mr. Swetenham to • • • little • . his office he found awaiting him a spruce seldom he done at their very best by one exposure. It able.. . . 'a not often that a landscape is associated with clouds business in the City. For many years his , identify t's niece hepersons she referred to. The man with a Jewish cast of feature, who seemed that are thoroughly suitable to it, from the points of the daughter of a favourite brother, had kept humble but faithful friend must be his valet to be trying to compose his countenance into a view of composition and pictbrial emphasis. Moreover, house for him, but at length she had succumbed Philip. This man, though of English lineage, decent blend of amusement, pleasure at meeting if the combination is suitable, the sky can seldom be* to the upright carriage and gallant demeanour of had been born abroad, and he had been a waiter Mr. Swetenham, and respectful sympathy. s • rendered at its best with the exposure that gives the Major Goodrich, an ex-major of Dragoons retired at the hotel where Mr, Swetenham had fallen ill, 1 "I have called, sir," he began, "on behalf of ~.• landscape at its best. Two exposures on two plates, on half-Pate The Major-and his wife were by no and had Dated inforinally as his nurse. Taking mai:lathe sitivini_e II 4 are necessary. The full exposure for the landscape will, Means well off, and although it would be untrue ' a fancy to the young man, Mr. Swetenham had 1 "Where is she, man? What has happened ? e give a very dense sky, printing white en paper, or to say that they longed for the demise of their brought 'him to England with him as his valet teams , transparent on a glass positive. For anyone who makes you haven't heard yet, sir? Perhaps -:-. wealthy relative it cannot be denied that the and confidential servant. lantern slides it is easy to make positives, by reductionfully—?" this will explain." , of landscape and sky ,• to place them together and to ' one that the could bear e event seemed to them y. Can you explain a little more. .• . I He handed him of a copy of an evening peper, se copy for a new negative. . ' Tee sky positive should be with resignation. For Mrs. Goodrich was his began Mr. Swetenham, nervously,' but the lady fresh from the press, folded so as to expose Ise near relative vignetted roughly to the horizon of the landscape, so only • cut him short, certain column. e that its lover part will be clear glass, and will not The train slowed down end finally stopped at "I can only tell you what ! see, and what I see Th , ; e column was headed: "Arrest of a Lady', interfere with the landscape details in copying. , Vauxhall, and the lady returned the useless is that there are two opposing influences 'n Fortune-Teller—Curious Revelations," and con- e. MOVING LIGHTS: MOON AND CLOUDS. newspaper to Mr. Swetenham with a bright your life, one adverse to your interests, and , brined an'account of the examination of Madamee, • Movie lights t rile s they are fireworks intended to smile of thanks, and began to search in various embracing a man and also a woman; the woman, •Salvini, alias Maud Hooper, and her sister that , Moving B— 8- ~ • nooks and corners of her dress for her purse. I should say (but of this I cannot be positive), is give streaks on the plate) sheuld be avoided. There- morning at Bow-street, on a charge of fortune- • , fore, do not include a road along which vehicles may The slamming of doors was in full progress, and a relation. The other influence is I'n direct • telling by means of palmistry. run with lighted lamps. The moon is a "moving light," before theeady bad found her purse 'the ticket- contradiction to the one I have spoken of. It I • I Mr. Stvetenham's blood ran cold as he.read, '- which should be excluded.- If you want moonlight and collector made his appearance; Ho passed over proceeds from a person who is really devoted to but ho ground his teeth, and muttered: "This i$ , clouds in the picture, make them by exposing on the Mr. Swetenham whom he knee+, and made a you, and who was certainly connected with an that scoundrel Goodrich's doing, or I'm sun, using alma of two or three times the focarlength dead set at the lady opposite him, illness contracted about three years ago." I Dutchman ! " When he had finished, he looked',., of the one yau will use for the night scene. If the . "I,—believe I have lost my purse--or at any "This is maivelloue I " said Mr. Swetenham in exposure is right fir the sun and clouds, they will '1 into the face of the little Jew lawyer, end said - rate I can't find it," she said, flushing all over. a low, earnest tone. To himself lie added • . print into the blank black sky (clear glass) of the • sternly: "Well, sir ? " - "How stupid of me 1 " "Clearly I was right. Well, I never gave Jane 1 night negative very effectively by printing the two" Miss Hooper thought you might perhaps feel "Where fi om ma'am ? " said the' collector, and her husband credit for being very • subjects at one time, using .fairly parallel beams of Idig- inclined. to-bail her out," said the solicitor, some by placing the printing-frame at the bottom of a whipping ~ out a note-bcok. -- interested, but neither should I have said that what disconcerted by the fixity of Mr. deep h 0... , I "ITppingham. Philip was. Perhaps it is too much- to expect Swetenham's gaze. "I -believe I've a short note AN ORTWOCUROMATIC EXPERIMENT. said 1 "Uppingham, first single, four and six," from anybody." And Mr. Swetenham heaved a from her somewhere." Photographers are supposed to be observers of nature, the man, writing out the receipt as he spoke. gentle sigh. I He dived into his pocket, .and produced a note , yet if we judge them by their works they fail to notice ' "But how can I pay when I have lost my "Your life is a solitary one; you have no one without an envelope, written in pencil on half a some very obvious facts. For instance, many cathedral purse ? " cried the • fair passenger; and Mr. you can really love, or who loves you better than sheet of soiled notepaper. and church towers, and .othet buildings owe much of Swetenham, glancing at her, saw that tears all the rest of the world," said the lady, as if 1 "This is a most cruel and unjust persecution," their beauty to their light colour, which may often be were in her eyes and that she was biting her reading his thoughts. wrote Leonora,"but I have no fear of the result. seen brightly lighted against a darker-looking blue sky- lips to keep the tears from falling. I "Can you tell the future as well as the past ?" In the meantime may I look to your generoue Yet almost invariably, when they are photographed, 'Here, madam, let me be your courtier for the said Mr. Swetenham, abruptly. they appear relatively dark, against a sky of white help to prevent me from being shut up in a ' time being," said Mr. Swetenharn, lugging out a i "I can try," said the signorina with becoming . , paper, or, anyone who has observed the beauty of thed criminal ? Till brighter- • , dungeon like a common handful of loose silver; and he speedily sent the modesty', and for the third time Mr. Swetenham effect can record it fairle easily. It is only a questiondays d df • LS " ys awn, an for ever yours.— . . of a light-filter of the right density. The fact that it collector away satisfied. I yielded up his hand to her inspection. I 'Mr. Swetenham considered for a moment, and is so seldom rendered only proves that few photo- •. --, "Oh how good of you—how awfully good of' "Your . yo . 1 line of life rapidly changes . rather late then rang up his lawyer. Tk him he wisely members think deeply about the pictorial side of their you to come ,to the assistance of a perfect in—in middle life, and is joined by the line of , confided the whole story, and "told him to see work. . stranger in that , way!" cried the lady, as the love. That means that you will marry, and that the lady was set at liberty, and that he bad COLOUR-PHOTOGRAPIIY, train moved slowly forward. I marry very happily. Your bride will not be better make the best terms he could with her. This title, given to the special summer number of I "Merest trifle," muttered the old gentleman, wealthy, but she will be very lovely, and will be He did not mean to see her again. " The Studio ' is attractive, hat peihaps a little mis- who scarcely knew whether to be 'amused or devoted to you. The 'indications are extremely I Weary, and feeling rather forlorn and deserted, leading, in view of the fact, that the large majority of annoyed at such very profuse gratitude. I well marked. its illustrations are in monochrome. Eighteen of its • iietMr. Swetenham sought his home. To his sur- ow,- what would you say if I were to forget ' "Will it—that is—do I -know the lady?" pages are reproductions of prints in colour, though 'prise the door was opened by his niece. to send you the money you 'have just paid? " she inquired Mr. Swetenhain, in trembling accents. I - e some even of these would be supposed to be mono-1 "exclaimed,"l'glad you Oh, uncle," e, she . mso asked, archly. I The signorina bent over the big, fleshy palm, h 'chromes by most observers, as they-are reproductions ofhave come! , p Phili has been behaving so , "Bless .I don 't ttb• b said: "lt is gum or oil prints without much suugestion of colour- ess me, madam, wan o e paid scrutinising it closely, and finally strangely! He would scarcely bet me into the reproduction. Fourteen autochromes are -reproduced, back!" • I impossible, of course, to be sure to a few weeks house. He said I have no business here now. and for these the special number is valuable, and will i "Excuse me, sir," said she,drawing herself up, or oven months, but I should say that •if you -,; I think he must have been drinking." perhaps be even of still greater value in time to come, "but lam not in the habit of accepting loans have met the lady it niust,have been yery lately. 1 Mr. Swetenliam rang the bell furiously, and his from the historical point of view. Pictorially, almost from anyone, much less from a stranger, without , Mr. Swetenhene longed to put one or two more valet appeared, evidently the worse'for liquor. all the examples are disappointing. They serve to con- repayment. If you will kindly favour me with questions, but was restrained by his natural , 1 "How do, brother-in-law ?" he said, extending vince cee that the reproduction of antochromes by your name arid address, I will see that the modesty, and Madame Salvinl coming up at his hand, and lurching forward with a beaming three-colour printing fias not yet reached a satisfactory money is sent to you in the course of the day." that moment, further questions were rendered • h• f Lir Is ses • 1 w stage. They even suggest that some of the people who . smile on is ace. m your ro er-ins a 1 What could the poor man do but beg the lady's impossible. 1 are recognised leaders in mcecchrome work are gill in , . now you've married Maudie. Jolly good sees. sp emental position %%ben dealing with colour. pardon, it happened t and give her his card ? As , , Mr. Swetenham was one of those . purely Maudie ! But where is sire? Where's th' bride? ' linviterdydietioteirito the coleur-prints there are newly one he had only business cards in his case, so that materialistic men who spend years without a 1 "She is where you will be pretty soon, if you hundred mouochromes, very carefully selected and the address furnished to the lady was 14, St. thought of anything that they cannot see and don't mend pet ways, my fine fellow," said his' excellently reproduced, and representing some of the Bridget's-alley,Bishopsgate-street Without, E.C. handle, and who frequently become the readiest master. "Here are your wages "—he threw the very best pbotogrophic work of the past year or two.. "What a funny address! " exclaimed the lade; ' victims of superstition. He was greatly impressed 'money on the table—"and see that you are out The price of the special issue is 5.5. I "Without—without what? Without shops? by the proofs of what seemed to him supernatural of the house in two hours' time." The source of Not without houses, surely P" i knowledge displeyed by the palmist. That a the signorina's inspiration was laid bare. I The eryptic title was duly explained, and after a lady who was a perfect stranger to him, as the ; 1 Philip Hooper, suddenly sober, took his money i short time the train arrived at the terminus. ' sigeorina certainly was should be able to and went. He recognised that the game was up. I Mr. .Swetenham made haste to get out, that he recount te him some of the principal facts of his His sisters and he played for a big Stakemiht be able to offer his hand to help the lad 1 0 Y life seemed to „him a marvel that bordered upon and lost,. ;to alight. The ceremony was all too quickly the supernatural. If she could relate the past 1 / "Why aren't you at home, nursing your I over. He raised his hat, and with a charming he asked himself more than once, why should husband?" asked Mr. Swotenham ; and his niece i little bow she disappeared in the crowd. I she not be able to foretell the future? 'recoiled. I More than once that day Mr. Swetenham . Was it really fated that he should marry? . 1 "Oh, uncle; you surely don't think I would i found his thoughts wandering n the direction of The prospect was not altogether to his liking, leave you alone at such a time ? " she whimpered- I his fair follow-passenger; he even went so far as but bow was it possible to avert the decrees at -I "Just as you like. But I'm going to Paris be to wish 'that •he might have en opportunity, of Fate P ! to-night's mail, and after that—l don't know. / meeting her again. I These questions cost Mr. Swetenham many shall be away some time. On the following' morning among the blue and anxious moments; and with the, question whether , • 1 'Oh, uncle, you must let me come too! No white envelopes of the usual mercantile shape on the marriage waa fated to take place, there one knows your ways as I do, and I'm sure i his desk was one of square form, and of very followed naturally- the scarcely less important , Ludovic wouldn't mind my going with you." ,thick cream-tinted paper. It was from the fair question, Whom should he marry ? I "I daresay not, my dear, said Mr. Swetenham, lunknown—unknown no longer, for in a very I Unknown to himself Mr. and Mrs. Goodrich with a grin that the lady afterwards described to : prettily-worded note signed "Leonora Salvini " had done much to h h edge him in, as it were, and her husband as "perfectly diabolical,", "but I .. . .. . s .. - '• - ' • ' _es _ . , ~, _ ..

===== 0002601_19080905_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
RAT BRAINS LIKE kAN'S.

In an address- to the American Philoso- phical Society, Professor Henry. Donaldson I said that the results of researches made by him shew that the growth of the brain and spinal cord in the albino rat closely approxi- mates the development of "these organs in man. His conclusion is that the rat -may be used in laboratory experiments which apply to man, and for, which the brain of the human species would be available only at rare times. That the eubject of his remarks might not be confused with the *common, or cellar, variety of rodent, Professor Donald- son said the albino ra,t, "is a fancy strain d ihe Norway or grey. rat."

STARS BEYOND SIGHT.

When the air is damp and warm a new iron surface will corrode . cry quickly. Ex- posure for a single day is enough to mark a nail here and there with specks of rust, easily removed by touch. However closely one might observe, the nail from the first moment of its exposure. it would, says the New York Tribune, be impossible for him to see the change taking place in his colour. The eye would tire of watching long before a grain of rust would come -lido. view. New if, instead of the eye, •so feeble and so easily fatigued, we have something itore sensitive to light and not subject to weariness, we can at once indirectly and very greatly extend the field of human. vision. Such a substitute is -the photographic plate, when it is treated with newly-devised com- pounds, on which- rays •

TOO FAINT TO BE DETECTED OTHERWISE -can imprint themselves. Besides its ex- quisite se neitiveness to: light, this plate has another advantage over the eye. We may look directly at a distant star; but if its lay is too weak to excite vision, our gaze is in vain, no matter how long we may be able to maintain it. Not so with the plate. The rays that fall on it, no matter how faint they may be, steadily increase their effect from hour to hour. until they yield a distinct image. AB this has been applied in a wonderful way to the study of the, heavens. With every improvement in the power of telescopes, astronomers have brought into their ken nebulae and stars before tanseen. They know that invisible stars must far outnumber the visible ones; for the whole volume of star- light is much greater than the beams re- ceived from the stars within the telescope's range. Their belief, based on past observa- tion, is that space beyond vision is ever ready to reveal -a

===== 0002601_19080905_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW WEALVI OF WORLD

to any new power of -exploration. Precisely such a power is conferred by the sensitive plate. : When it is attached to a telescope whose lenses are by suitable tnychanism kept constantly directed at a, particular point in the sky, the astronomer is able vastly to ex- tend the diameter of the visible universe. Orbs 60 remote ,as to he invislble to the keenest observer, in the course or a night form a. clear picture in the camera. In se- curing pictures of particular heavenly- bodies photography is quite as important 116 in mak- ing charts of the stars. Professor Lowell has declared that the camera—in- half an hour has given him more knowledge of the sur- face of Mars than he would have been able' to obtain in five years' observation. The satellite of Neptune, though invisible- in the telescope on account of -its proximity to 'the planet, has been photographed in every part of ktg orbit. It was, reserved for the photo- grapher, by a fine 'stretch of audacity, to pompel the- sun to take its own portrait, and to do it in the fraction of a second.

IMMt

===== 0002601_19080905_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
SUGAR VAPOUR AS ANTISEPTIC.

The custom of burning sugar in a sick- room is very current among all classes in France, but up to the present has been re- garded by scientists as • one of those harm- leas and useless practices which are rather tolerated than insisted upon by the medical profession. But M. Trillat, of the Pasteur Institute, new assures, us that formic alde- hyde is given off by burning sugar, and is one of the most antiseptic gases known. Five grams of sugar having been burnt under a ten-litre ,bell glass, the vapour was allowed to cool. Vials containing the bacilli of typhoid, tuberculosis, carbon, .&c., were then introduced. Within half an hour every microbe had succumbed. Again, if • sugar be ;burnt in a closed vessel' containing rotten eggs or putrid meat the disagreeable smell disappears. .M. Trillat affirms that the formic aldehyde combines with the gases given off by the putrid, animal, ma.tter and renders them_ inodorous.

A SOUNDLESS ROOM.

. For many experiments now it Is necessary 1-she renewed her thanks for the opportune assist- to exclude all ottside 'sound. • What is en- render it difficult fo-r him to 'meet dangerous - think I'd rather be "alone."' ! ance he had rendered her on the preceding day. persons of the other sex. His regular and self- dorsed by Professor S. I. Franz as the one i Besides the note the envelope contained a post- . . • • • ' 10' II II • absolutely - noiseless room is a room about ; ---- I office order for the price of her ticket, .and a card centred way of life made this comparatively easy. There was no woman of suitable ale ' ' ,ce nocn thp Warrington ho reached in the course of his wanderings—Mr. Bft: square and high on the tap floor of the I At aeont 3.30 on Monday atfotear for an At Home. The address given was in a ee acquaintances fit to be compare( with Madame in his circle When he name back from Cairo—the last pla physiological laboratory of the University of Fire Brigade was called out fire en land off the street in West Kensington, and the date was the Salvini for beauty and charm, and Mr. Swetenham ' Turner d ' Chester aew Road. Superintendent an a con- 0 ~ very next evening. Swetenham paid the amount of the fine and c.oste Utrecht. Its walls are about llin. thick. i .decided that he would more of her. He called several times at the felt that it was incumbent upon him to know which his lawyer had disbursed on behalf of the From the inside these are made up of sue- 1 ,an belongingdon ar arrival it ri .t W. Parkin- f ouno 1 At first Mr. Swetenham •ed Cessive layers of horsehair 'felt, porous stone, son, liav and straw dealer, was ablaze. The firemen not go. Ho hated those crushes, where there \ is': modest heuse in West Kensington, and he was pounds "in full satisfaction of all demanndsue, lady palmist, and also the sum of five hundi a 1 ttunalenotneofor;BHvnetlynestdacolu:st dead air, wood partition, ground cork corn- I worked hard and prevented the flames extending to the nothing particular to do, and 'no room even to generally successful in finding the ladies at home. position, and a plastered surface. The coil- ' other stacks. The damage, estimated at about EV) or sit down. Besides, it was a bore to have to By degrees he learnt something of the personal . lie then returned to leis normal way of life. st. although he has not said a.word about it to Mr ing, though somewhat simpler made, has <£Bo, is covered by insurance. Part of the stack was' dress and go out again after dinner. And yet he ' history of Leonora. Her family, she told Goodrich or her husband, he has added a very _ 6imilat layers. The boards of the floor were saved. 'The cause of the outbreak is unknown, the felt as ahe would like to look Once mere into him, was noble, but as the last of the .family important codicil to his will. He is not neatly sawed, and the joints , filled with lead to stop fire broke out in the ramp stack ape) on Tuesday morn- those beautiful eyes. Lei:moral What a lovely estates had been sold by a reckless and spend- vibration ; a layer of lead was then eovered ing end the firemen were engaged several hours before name! There was poetry in the very sound of it. thrift brother, they had thought it better to drop as grateful as he ought to be to Major Goodrich! for saving him from the clutches of Madan ''' over all to the thicknese of more than lin., I they succeeded in extinguishing the flames. There "s As he hesitated, his eye was caught by a line of the titlo. Early in life she had married, solely. Salvini. Cooper a third call on Wednesday morning. Sergeant. Mid over this in turn is used a carpet nearly evriting on the back of the note which he had on account of her father's wish, an elderly P.C.Bartley were passing the spot when they chs- lin. in thickness, and etemetimee • a second auci ..• , overlooked—"l hope you will come." had broken afresh.financier, but ho had become bankrupt, and died - carpet. A small window opens into a little covered that the fire out lnform- ation was given at the Fire Station and several firemen ' That was enough. He wrote a Hee to acknow- shortly Ater, leaving his widow almost without connected room with a roof window, the two at once turned out and extinguished the flames. But ledge the receipt of the money order, and 'added resources.' windows supplying both sunlight and ventila- for the timely discovery of the police there is every that he hoped to have -the honour of attending The memory of. the days following her tion. The door is double, the outer' part cc- ' probability that the other stacks would have been set , Madame Salvini's reception On the following husband's death was painful, and the recital was curately fitted with felt, and the inner , part on fire. evening, not unaccompanied with tears. Mr. Swetenharn composed of three layers with an air SPaec• r At about 12:20 on Tuesday morning the brigade : lefae Swetenharn was agreeably disapPpointed. reproached himself for reopening those fountains , received information that a fire had broken out on the ' when he, entered the lady's drawing-room. There . of sorrow, and did his best to console the lov 1 Y ALCOHOL FROM PEAT. I , premises of Messrs. John Buckley and Company, Ltd., , , were only about a dozen people present, so that mourner, with the result that he offered her his i" • & carting agents, furniture removers, c_, Church-street. te For nerve and bodily weakness in children or ado] v there was plenty of room to sit down if one were - Although the normal cycle of plant life is The eeteeete, under the direction of Superintendent and , ' ' hand, and after some coy hesitation it was 'arising frerdniey cause and for tech complaiuts so minded. • to return to the soil the elements taken from Deputy-Superintendent Turner, turned out in remark- definitely accepted. Madame Salvini told him kidoe'ys,palpitation,leas of appetite anrernia indi tielle ' ' ges rat I It was true that there was a second-class sort that she felt convinced that the summer o° her • it, there exist certain conditions which ' . under ably quick time with the•steam engine Major, reel cart e , and ladders, and a full complement of men. On of look about the guests. some of the men wore life was at hand, and Mr. Swetenham left her physical debility a simple 'set perfectly harmless this process of restitution may be suspended arrival they foiled that a brick stable arid a fodder dress-coats of antiquated cut, others had long very deeply in love. invaluable remedy. is Dr. Cassell's Tablets. The', indefinitely, and, the remains ,of countless • house adjoining were in flames. Fortunately horses had hair, and a mildly dissipated look, while among g A curt note informed his niece of his intention, tablets build flesh, nerve force and bodily strength Th ille generations of _plant life preserved hi a state been removed from the premises and no time was lost , the women, dresses that had been turned and and threw that lady and her husband into a state runner that surprises everyone elm cakes therm of of arrested decay. Deposits of vegetable in getting a large number of horses out of the adjoining gloves that had been cleaned were to be noted of the greatest indignation and anxiety. Mrs. ' prescription frtin whick they are made is a very famo‘..'„ matter formed in • this way are known as stables. The buildings immediately adjoin the galvan- .here and there. But Mr. Swetenhain had no eyes Goodrich hastened to throw herself into her one, and the suffering public are to be congratulatedae'r, Teat bogs, and they can exist Only where the ising department of Messrs. Itylands Bros., Lirnited,ancl r such signs, even ..1 he could have ad h . 1 re t ent. the fact that they'ean now obtain the remedy ready j.:',.. uncle's arms, but something in his face checked subsoil is capable of retaining Water, the the firemen succeeded no only in stopping the flames fo balso . His Woke were fixed on the lady of the railway the words which burnt on he 1. dh r lips, an s 0 Use in hoses at 101 d. from any chemist. Ask for s.a" to this department, but in preventing . a, climate humid, and ,'tire mean temperature spreading . stables. carria,e, who sawn towards him in a billow e -tissell's Tablets. - M 13 kl ' Other e from spreading to r. uc ey s er .. Y vaent.home with her protest unspoken. ' sufficiently high to stimulate a rapid growth' Them brick stable and the fodder house acre gutted and costume, plentifully adorned with lace, holding "He is mad—simply mad, Ludovic ! " she said, of the aquatic plants to which tho pea owes a large quantity of machinery damaged, the loss being out a snowy hand of welcome. The stout and tearfully, to her husband on her return, "but I le eee -. its formation. The result of such a 'cora- estimated at several hundreds of:pounds. Fortunately, elderly tea merchant—such was Mr. Swetenharn's couldn't tell him what le-what we both—think I • ele. ...i S bination of conditions is that the decaying hon ever, it is covered by insurance. The men were profession—felt almost young again as he pressed of his Conduct. I couldn't tell him that he will j I ' t es , sedge in the' early stages "of its decemposi- engaged until 830 on Tuesday morning in turning over Leonera's delicate fingers and gazed irito her simply . . • e .. tion becomes pickled, as Mr. T. L. White the smouldering hay and in other work. How the lire speaking eyes. you couldn't get him-certified as a lunatic,and put .e. explaiee in the Engineering 'Magazine, the originated is a mystery, as the premises were all right i ; Mr. Swetenhara *ea then introduced to awn somewhere ? " "pickle" laeing fuenieh.ed by the decaying alien the caretaker lett on the previous evening. I Leonora's sister---he did not quite catch the "L on'ttalk such nonsense J l " 'd tl EmEsra7lmcimeffeem"""taw" lasmsasso• vegetation itself, in the form of certain peat I ; name, and was too shy to ask that it might be Ma • •t 1 •moustache. "Who Major, pulling savagely a . his Eye Diseases Cured , Jane . said the acids of an antiseptic character which. ' ' repeated—and crime to an anchor, on a sofa, is the lady ? Did you not get that much out of Without Operation ,By WILLIMM NIELL4O; ACT AS A PRESERVATIVE. There was some music—a violin and piano him e e 'She Eminent Eye Specialist and Gold Medalist. 14e duet—and after that the conversation, which "She ' M d Salvini.lt h • t is aMa ame seems her sis er Eye already .. up 11) Restored Sight to thousands who were pi, en The important point to the alcohol marm- I had been stilled for a time; became general. ~ and she have belief in palmistry, and her sister ' • ospitals. If you are Blind and have been pronotlr?,,43T facturer is ,that the decay cf the neat-form- incurable and condemned to a life of darkness, then DO , I I Presently it turned upon ' the subjdet ,of read uncle's hand, and told him that ho would despair or give.np hope until you have had his opinion. 1.;1,- ing plant life is arrested before its -qualities 1 hypnotism, palmistry, an get married." d kindred topics, and can have the very best advice procurable FREE, a, 'as an alcohol base have become impaired, rafter sonic persuasion the lady to whom Ale. "oo Heavens, te• d Hwhat a fool! ' Why, the triolt CHARGE. The knowledge and skill, and what is mor 13, and the early recognition of this fact led a Swetenhana had been introduced was induced to would not deceive a child I And I don't know great gift to cure that Mr. Mellor possesses is miraculous'. His is an exceptional treatment, not *Ole" -e number of investigators to try to turn it to allow herself to be put into the hpynotic sleep, what you could have been 'about, Jane, not to nderstood by the Faculty. He has even given sight tc tluP practical use. ' They were all, however, no- and give some examples of thought-reading. have foreseen this, and prevented it. It has that were Born Blind. , able to surmount certain difficulties, the For alFthis kind of thing Mr. Swetenhani had FREE BOOK ON EYE DISEASES, character of which they failed' to under- evidently been going on for some time, and if • thoroughly British contedipt, but ho was irn- you had atruck in in time, you might easily have are• stand rightly, and it seenee to, have been re- pressed a good deal by whet he saw and heard— A Valuable Book on the treatment of Eye Diseases, .e served for Lagerheira and Frestadius to be put a stop to it. But women are never any - • ' that ha' giving full names and addresses of the parole t cooy , more than he wchld have eared to acknowledge. the first to work out a satisfaceony process, coed." recovered their sight will be presented Free of barge t "You aon't mean to _say that you believe in crane felt this to be grossly unjust, and sh i sufferer mentioning this paper. Write plainly. Their discoveries have .been corroborated all this r' he asked Leonora in a low tone as resented it with some spirit, the result being 117 ft by the investigations of Sir William Ram- P ' else came and sat down near him. that the Major put on his hat, shut the street W. MELLOR 168 Oxford Roa 7' say, and if all . that is claiMed for them .is 9 9 I "In what, do you mean, Mr. Swetenham ? ''' door with a bang, and went off to the more true, they can be, epmpared, in importance I "In all this thought-reading and clairvoyance, congenial society of his club. Manchester. only, to such epoch-making inventions as the' ,as they call it ? " While there he (Overheard two men talking Bessemer process for. meking steel. "I scarcely knew What to think," said the lady, about the wonderful skill of two sisters, natives , thoughtfully. "Reason would lead one to say of /ally, who carried ,on the business of

LTIIE END.

----

IM.

..e all those ailments front autumn weapter. ciapges, . _

labial ar,

biliousness, liver complaint, tion, constipation, piles, headache, anmmia, • dizziness, sleeplessness, flatulency, fulness after meals, heartburn, water brash, Offen- • sive breath, pale or sallow skin, palpitation, • pains in the back, pains in the shoulders, E. • vomiting, female ailments, neuralgia, pim • ▪ plea, impure blood, jaundice, skin eruptmn s, rheumatism,etc. See "Charles Fordo's.' on —.7-74 the label before buying. Price rit and 2/9. 0_

fTlfilllllll,llllBl4lllll,lllllllljj.lil[4llll

11111111111111111BIIIIIIH11110

, - - - - - - - -„,,..___ .. ... _ I Te- .tif*--FicitiDEsi. --7,--- IFf-:-.;-. ~.,,. _.,...,„.,4,1'..,i..4..: :-.-- :'..'o . h ''.; .. ,::. ' :.- .li r, - 71‘• - ' • ' i ' - ,-7. = ' , -i' 1111) ittle cure - ' I-T-:- .._ 3, _ l• L....---- ----=.3 ei ---=---'.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A VALUABLE PRESCRIPTION. For Diseases of the NERVES, STOMACH, and KiDNEYS. Cost a few Pence.

WARRINGTON FIRE BRIGADE BUSY.

, . •

===== 0002601_19080905_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

WWI

===== 0002601_19080905_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON.

Nfy dear Beautiful Warrington Children,— The holidays are over ! I hope you have had happy times in the country or at the seaside and now you are back again at school with your minds filled with happy memories of days spent in close touch with Nature. I should like to hear from you what was the most wonderful or beautiful sight in Nature which you saw during your holidays. A wonderful sunrise at sea impressed me most. I had spent, all night on the deck of the steamer. Very quiet was the ship, its hundreds of passengers sleeping in their berths below. The night was beautifully fine. The stars faded away one by one, until there were only the morning star and the thiu silvery streak of the waning moon, shining in the sky. Quickly the darkness passed away and the whole sky was covered with gray silvery clouds. From the sea shafts of gplden light shot up, until the rosy hue of morning adorned sky and sea. Night had fled and out of eternity another blue day had dawned. Children, study the sky for often its beauty surpasses the loveliness of earth. I wonder if you have thought much of our Society while you have been away. I have been far away in "La Belle Franee " and I kept my eyes open to see if I could get any hints for our members. Most of in time was spent in an old town built one high rock standing out in the sea. The town was originally built' by the English and the strong walls and some of the old buildings are standing to-day. Though the town was old and quaint, and very ,interesting, I looked in vain for a garden. There were no back-yards to.convert into beauty spots, in fact there were no spaces, back or front, to make into gardens. Yet I saw signs which allowed that Granville people loved Vother Earth's gifts, just as much as the members of our Society. I was walking on the walls of the old town when I saw a sight which made me stop. The house was half In ruins and very dirty, yet somebody lived there who loved bright pretty plants for the window was gay with nasturtiums and sweet peas. You'll never guess what they were growing in ! There was no window-sill to hold a window-box, but fastened to the side of the window was an old tin can. In this were planted the nasturtiums and sweet peas, and with a wonderful con- trivance of umbrella ribs and wire, the plants were trained all over the window until its dirtiness was hidden. Pr= another window hung carnations far more beautiful than those which won the prizes at Stockton Heath or even Warrington flower Shows. I visited two French Schools in the town. I was pleased with the buildings and the playgrounds. The playground was nicely laid out with flower-beds ; tall trees along the side-walks made a welcome shade. The boys, being rougher, had no flower-beds in their yard, but fifteen trees planted in the form of three sides of a square, made it shady and pleasant. Their garden was arranged along one side of the school and it was exceedingly pretty, the roses and masses of heliotrope giving out a most lovely perfume. I wonder when every playgrot.nd in Warrington will have its flower beds and shady trees ? it is nice to know that Beamont schools have saoh beautiful grounds, that the scholars can have a gardea party •, but what is beiia done to beautify the playgrounds and fronts of the twenty old schools? Children, I think you will have to make an effort and see if you cannot follow the good example of Beamont School and have a garden day next year. 1 was very pleased to helr from the members of the Sinith-street School branch; and hope they will con- tinue ip their efforts to beautify this dear old town.— Yours affectionately,

V.M.T.

s Cm:wry:l—John Sudworth and James Fletcher were charged by Inspector Nye,of the S.P,C4, with i I i-us n g a horse, at Newton, on August Bth. They admitted the offence.—Tho Inspector said he saw the horse,overlaclen end lame, in High-street, Newton. He understood that Fletcher bad the horse killed the same da,.—Fletcher was fined 20s. and costs, having been cogrieted of a similar offence before, and Sudworth ss. and costs.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 5, 1908.

referred to the fact that Warrington was-a manufactur- ing town. No doubt it was, and long might it continue to be so—(hear, hear)—but some people had got into their minds that a manufacturing town must of necessity be an

===== 0002601_19080905_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON SOCIETY.

THIRD ANNUAL FLOWER SHOW.

. We are progressing—somewhat slowly, it must be admitted— towards the Beautiful Warrington ideal and the interest of the townspeople in the growth of flowers and the beautifying of the stree!s was never greater than at the present time. Quietly but never- theless successfully, the Beautiful Warrington Society is pursuing its work, and many of the pretty gardens and choice window diiplays of flowers which tendAo relieve the drabness of the town are the direct out- come of its propaganda. Saturday witnessed' the holding cf the third annual exhibition of flowers and plants promoted by the Society and the Drillilall pre- sented a scene of beauty which at once appealed, to the eye of the visitor. Notwithstanding . the grimy atmosphere, it is evident that some of the best of flowers can be grown in Warrington, and Saturday's show Was a credit to all concerned. It was undoubtedly a great improvement on previous displays and the exhibits had been artistically arranged with a view to getting the best possible effect from the material available. The school children's section was perhaps the most interesting and showed th it the wot k is making good headway amongst the rising generation. A new Lecture was an exhibition of pressed leaves and flowers. The attractiveness...el the show was much enhanced by the non•compcting exhibits which included some very fine groups of plants The following is a list of those who sent collections: —The Copolation of

Warrington, Mr. and Mrs. Lyon, Mr. and Mrs. Long, Mrs. Stanton, Mr. J. Fairhurst, Mrs. L. Greening, Mr. t Ward, Mr. W. Powell, Mrs. Fords, Mr. Gordon Roberts, Mr. Corbett, Mr. IL licpe, Mr. F. Brody, Mr A. Broady, Mr. Bonehill, Mr. J. Ryan, , Mr. Joseph Blinston• ana Alderman Bolton (who forwarded some exquisite orchids) A unique exhibit was sent by Mr. John Fairhurst. It consisted of flowers and plants suitable for growing out of doors in Warrington, and the following list will doubtless prove of interest to gardening enthusiasts: = Aralia f White Rock) single and doable, Aralia SiebolJii, Aralia Spinosa, Antirrhinum, Aubrietia, Anemone Japonica, Balsam (common), Campanula (three varieties), Coreopsis, Carnations, Centaurea, Chrysanthemum (early flowering), Chrysanthemum (maximum), Delphinium, Dahlias, single, double, cactus and pompom.; Erigeron, Fuchsia (three vat ieties), Forget-ine-nots, Gaillardia, Golden rod (dwarf and tall), Gladiola, Hydrangea panicidata, llelenium' Lilium (three varitiss), Mignonette, Nas- turtium, Nigalla (Love.ima-mist)," Peiwinkle '(two varieties), Phlox, Sunflowers, &dam, Sweet Williams, Salvia, Saxifrlge, Prince's Feather and other varieties, Sweet Peas, Pansy, Thrift (Sea Pink), lea Week Stook, Tobacco, and Violas (in 12 varieties).

===== 0002601_19080905_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING CERENIONV.

The show was opened by Lady Greenall in the presence of a fairly large gathering. The Rev. Canon Stevenson (chairman of the Executive Committee) presided and there were also present on the platform : —Sir Gilbert Greenall, the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Smethurst), the Rev. J. Collins, the Rev. Father Whittle, Mrs. Garnett, Mr. tnd Mrs. C. E. Parker, Alderman Bennett, Mr. William Silcock, Mr. E. J. Hall, Mr. John Fairhurst and Mr. J. Longland. The CH VIRMAN said that was the third flower show which had been organised by the society, and he thought that even a casual glance around the room would cause the audience to admit that it was not only the third show, but that they had gone one better than the two previous ones. (Hear, bear.) They, had an increase of over 30 entries, end it would have been greater, especi- ally with regard to cut flowers, if it had not been for the high winds and heavy rains which had been experi- enced during the past few days which, of course, had dashed the outside flowers considerably. One of the features they were most anxious about- in connection with their work was the prizes given for the

BEST BACK GARDENS. They wished to show people that the back yards of Warrington could be made, as some of them had been made, really attractive places in which a man and his wife could sit on Sunday afternoons and enjoy them- selves almost as much as if they were in the country. It might be of interest to them if he read the report of the judges with regard to the gardens. "We found the total entries are about equal to last year, being 51 as against 53. The number of exhibitors this year is 43, last year 40. Of the exhibitors of last year only 21 have entered for, this year's competitions, and of these we consider that more than half have not kept up to ..their previous standard. This diminution of effort is to be regretted. Some of the new exhibits are models of what small back gardens ought to be, as not only were they nicely laid out, but the quality of the plants grown was vary good, showing that even in towns flowers can be grown successfully under certain conditions. We would point out that there are again no entries from the Bewsey and St. John's Wards' and only one from Howley Ward and two from Orford Ward. We think that considering the increased interest in window-boxes more than 14 entries from the whole town might have been expected, and ought to be forthcoming another year. We feel that the best efforts of the society could be directed by the owners of houses, or groups of owners, with the assist- anee of the Ward Committees, interesting the whola of the tenants in such streets as lend themselves to treat- ment. The conditions of site, f-ize and situation of gs •dens vary so mu3h as to render competition unfair, and street prizes would be the best way to meet such difflculties." (Applause). Another important branch was the

===== 0002601_19080905_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WORK AMONGSP CHILDREN.

In the children lay their hopes for the future awl he was happy to say that, thanks to the efforle of the teachers in the schools, the juvenile branch had done most excellent work, In their report the judges (Messrs. James Ryan and W. H. Woodcock) said:—" In all we visited 24 departments of the schools, and 918 plants were submitted to us as egainst 1,351 last year. The large decrease in numbers was said by the teachers to be due in part to some of the children having seen other competitors' pleats, and, thinkine their own inferior, did not care to stage theirs. Whilst there was this decrease in numbers we are glad to report that the efforts of the juvenile gardeners and the excellent condition of their plants were most encouraging. The exhibits in a great majority of cases bore evidence of great care whilst it was noted that there were fewer failures than in preceding years ; there was in fact a general all-round excellence far in advance of the last two years.We trust the teachers will continue to up keep the enthusiasm of their pupils and that next year will bring about an increase in numbers, as this year has shown an advance in culture and general attention. (Applause.) Canon Stevenson said he should like to add that they had received apologies for non-attendance from their President (Colonel Robsrt Blaceburnel, and Mrs. Blackburne, Mr. and Mrs. J. Charlton Parr, Mr. and Mrs. W. Long (who had sent a beautiful -exhibit), Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall and the Rev. C. Harvey Cook. He hoped they would all remember what he thought ought to be their chief thought in connection with that exhibition, and that was that they did not see around them plants which had been grown under favourable conditions. Those who were exhibiting were not the most wealthy people, and they had to contend with atmospheric and other conditions, that in a manufacturing town were not favourable to plant growth, they all trusted that those conditions would improve, but at the present moment there was much to contend with. Hes thought when they looked around land saw the beautiful plants and flowers, and remembered the conditions under which they had been grown, they would understand something of the patience, pluck and enthusiasm of the members of the Society, who had done so well under such trying and difficult conditions. (Applause). Lady GIIEENALL, who was received with applause, snid the pursuit of gardesing was one that was suited to all ages and to both,seses. It also did a very great deal of gdod because not only did it give great pleasure to those who were able to follow the pursuit, but nntold pleasure to their fellow creatures, who through force of circumstances, and often through poverty, were not able to enjoy the advantages which others enjoyed. They could only enjoy these things by the efforts of others, because when they walked down the streets they saw beautiful flowers in the window boxes which must be a pleasere to them and, perhaps, brighten some lives which required a great deal of brightening. (Hear, hear and applause.) She most heartily con- gratulated the society on the results of their efforts, as the exhibition was a very creditable one indeed. As Canon Stevenson bad said, the atmosphere of the town and the weather which had been experienced of late, had been unfavourable to the growth of flowers and plants, and it was therefore, all th 6 more creditable that they had such a magniffeent collection.-(Applause.) The MAYOR, in proposing a vote of (thanks to Lady Greenall for her , presence and for opening the exhibition, said he admitted that the show was a good one, and that the Society was doing a great deal of good in a town like Warrington in entiesvonring to inculcate into the minds of children a love for plants' end flowers, and lie hoped the efforts of the children would be encouraged by the parents—but with a popu- lation of 70,033 that room ought to have been packed with flowers and plants. Their neighbours at Stockton Heath, whenever they had a show, always succeeded id crowding the room in which it was held, and there should have been R similar reeult in their own case. Stockton Heath was giving Warrington the lead in the matter and if they did rest look out it would he a case of " Warrington, neer Stockton Heath," soon. (Laughter.) Mr. C. E. PARKER seconded, and congratulated the society on the continued success of its operatiors. It was somewhat easy to launc)sa scheme like this, but it was more difficult to keep it pine, and generally the third year was the trying year. Canon Stevenson had

===== 0002601_19080905_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
UnLY AND A SMOKY TOWN.

That was what- the "Beautiful Warrington Society " had to disabuse people's minds of. He was not sure whether the Health Committee did not consider that smoke was inevitable and that the more smoke meant more prosperity. But that was a great mistake and some day, perhaps, not only the manufacturers, but the Health Committee would learn that manufacturing could be carried on practically without smoke. (Hear, hear, and applause). Isio doubt it would take some time to bring that about. lie knew the diflcul- ties in the way, but they ought to be making more pro- gress in that respect than they were making. ((fear, bear). Referring to the value of example in the work of beautification, Mr. Parker said he had been busy with others in laying out a piece of land in connection with I , "The Gardens Suburbs C 0.," and his fear was that the backs of certain houses which were towards the suburbs I land would be a constant eyesore and that the only way I was to plant a shubbery which, in time, would hide the ' backs of the houses. The people living in the houses, however, seems what was being done, had taken the matter in band and those parts which ho thought at one time would b'e an eyesore would be one of the most pleasant features. (Hear, hear and applause). The resolution was carried with much heartiness. During the afternoon the Stockton Heat. Garden Society orchestra played some capital selectiofilf, under the conductorship of Mr. W. E. Ray.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFER TO SCEIOOL CHILDREN.

We understand that after the opening of the show Lady Greenall, who took great interest an the exhibits of the school children, informed the committee that she would be pleased to give a medal to each child who won a prize at the society's annual show. The otter has Won gladly accepted and will no doubt prove an incentive to the children. -THE OFFICIALS.

The Society is fortunate in having excellent officials who worked most energetically for the success of the shoe.. Mr. G. H. Smith has proved himself to be a very efficient and painstaking secretary,andthe duties of hon. treasurer are ably discharged by Mr. J. Longland. The Show Committee consists of Messrs. J. Fairhurst, W. EL Woodcock, J. Longland,J. Ryan, F. FL Longshaw, and G. IL Smith. The judges were : General exhibits, • Mr. J Parkinson and Mr. It. Poulton, and outside and children's exhibits, Mr. J. Ryan and Mr.' \V. H. Woodeocic. The Executive Committee, several of whom were present, consists of Alderman Bennett, Captain Crosfleld, the Rev. C. Harvey Cook, Mr. John Fairhurst, Mr. L. Greening, Mr. E. James Hall, Coun- cillor Dr. Joseph, Dr. Markel, Mr. J. Moore Murray, Ur. J. Ryan, Mr.- V. Silcock, Councillor J. Fulton- Smith, Mr. John Upson, Mr. R. Lunt and the ward secretaries.

THE PRIZE LIST. One Geranium : 1, R Morris ; 2, H Harrop. One Fuchsia; I, Mrs. Kent ; 2, R lorris. Pot of Ivy: 1, /I Harrop. One Aspidistra : 1, S A Drinkwater ; 2, Mrs. Hatton; 3, F Caldwell ; h o, 'R Looker. One. Fern : 1, F Caldwell ; 2, Mrs. Bonehill; 3, Mrs. Williams ; h c, R Looker. One Campanula ;. 1, Mrs. Kent ; 2, H llarrop. Castor Oil Plant : 1, F Caldwell ; 2, R Morris ; 3, Mrs. Watkins. One Begonia : 1, H Harrop ; 2,S A Drinkwater. One Foliage Plant : 1, Mrs Kent ; 2, 11 Harrop 3, J Jackson.

One Plant in Flower : 1, 17 Caldwell ; 2, J Jackson ; 3, Mrs Kent. Window Box : 1, George Sanders. Cut Flowers (four varieties) : 1, H Harrop ; 2, Jackson ; 3, Mrs Hatton. Vase of Cot Flowers) 1, H ilarrop • 2 J Jackson.

Three Geraniums : I, Di Markel. Three Fuchsias : I, Dr Markel. Three Ferns: 1, Dr Markel Three Begonias : I, Dr. Markel; 3, Israel Hampson, Three Foliage Plants (any variety) : 1, C Plinston ; 2, Dr. Markel. Wall Flowering Plants (any variety) : 1, Dr. Market; 2, Mrs. Williams ; 3, F H Longshaw. ' One Lill= : 1, F Ohlsen ; 2, J Scott. Groqp of Plants : 1, Dr Markel ; 2, D Cliffs ; 3, James/Doren ;ho AJ Mottram. Six Asters: 1, F H Longshlw ; 2, It Looker; 3, II Harrop ; special prize, tsrael Hampson, Twelve Pansies : I, Dr. Markel ; 2, H Harrop ; 3, F H Longshaw ; h o, J Jackson ; special prizz, J T Goodli ffe.

Twelve Violas (in not less than three varieties) : 1, Dr. Markel; 2, H Harrop. Collection of four distinct varieties of Cat Flowers : 1, Dr. Markel ; 2, F H Langshaw ; 3, C Plinston ; hc, El Harrop ; special prize, Israel Hampson. Six Dahlias: 1, A J Mottrarn ; 2, James Omen ; 3, C \V Whitehouse; h c, D Bonehill ; c, H Hiokling. Twelve Violas(not less that three varieties) : I,Pater Cliffe ; 2, D Bonehill ; 3, If C Bingham; ho, A J Mottram ; c, G ET Clare. Oae Vase of nine sprays of Sweet Peas : 1, James Owen ; 2, A J Mottram ; 3, D Cliffs. Six Roses (any variety): 1, A J Mottram; 2, James Owen; 3, D Cliffe. Vase of Cat Flowers (with grassas, ferns and other foliage) : I, James Owen ; 2, D Cliffe ; c, A J Mottram. Collection of four Distinct Varieties of Cat Bloom : 1. W Whitehouse ; 2, Israel Gampson ; 3, James Owen; ho, A .1 Mottram ; c, D Cliffs).

SCI 1001: CHILDREN'S CLASSES, nand Bouquet of _Wild Flowers : 1, Elsie Whitfield; 2, Emma Gifford; .3, Bessie Warren; 4, John Whittaker; hc, Jllie ronnfleld and Arthur Forbes ; c, Annie Bedforthlnd Alice Smith. PRIZE WINNERS FILOM SCHOOLS. Best specimen Plant Fuchs (grown in gra enhouse or frame) : 1, Nellie Jones • 2, Ralph Bolton ; 3, Marie Dungoosi •, 1, William Henry Ball ; h c, Maggie (lockin, Jestie Harrison and Henry Lester ; 3, David Mould .• special prize, J Dorrian. Bast Specimen Plant (Geranium) : 1, Norah Marsh; 2, Else Blackwood ;'3, John Marsh ; 4; Harold [larding; h c, Dorothy Vincent and Sidney Williams ; c, Harold Brownbill.

Preserl Leaves or Flowers : 1, Clirice Fair ; Percy Fair ; 3, Emily M Johnson; h; Ben Wester; c, Percy Hill,

0 UTSIDE EXHIBITS. TOWN 'HALL WARD.

Window Box- 1, E Chalmers Thompson ; 3, Mrs Watkins. Front Garden : 2, T Flastery • 3, A Hankinson. Back Garden: 2, Nfrs Birchall ; 3, Mrs Watkins.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
\V-HITEC ROSS _NV

Front Garden : 1, Thomas Hussey ; 2, E Cank ; c, E Bowers. Baok Garden: 1, J Houghton.

ORFoRn WARD. Front Garden i 3, F Nforrall. Back Garden : 2, F Motrall. FAIRFIRLD.WARDI

Window Boxes: -2,--E-ai;tit,-;;-- 3, It Lunt ; a, A Spinks Front Garden: 1, R J Dixon ; 3, E Glenton ; c, A Spinks.

HOWLEY WARD. Window Roxes : 2, lv Lamb. ST. AUSTIN.S WARD. Window Boxes : 1, Mrs C Williams; 2, 11 R Horabin • 3 Mrs Chrimes. a . - .....

er-ont-dar'clen: 2, Mrs Jennings ; 3, Mrs C Back Garden : 1, Mrs H ; 2 H R Fiore:in; 3, .)Irs Chrimes ; hc, H M Ashton and Miss V White.

L CHF° RD W ARM

Window Boxes : 2, II Warburton •2, H Lawrence. Front Garden: 1, T W Clark 2, El Harrop ;3, G Blease ; h c, H Lawrence. Back Garden : 1, R Loalcer ;2, Mrs M Mums ; 3, II Lawrence ' • .h c, F H Robinson and F Ltwless ; a, •E J Mee, C J Giles and J 11 Sherlock. Best Decorated Basineas Housea : 2, H E Chalmers ; 3, It Thompson ; h o, FL H Horobin. Mr. Stringer's Prizes (Canseway-avenue and_Wilders- pool-road) : Front -garden : 1, H Bennett ; 2, 11 Lawrence ; ho, F El Robinson. Back garden :• 1, H Lawrence •, 2, F II Robinson ; ho J II Sherlock. - Mr. Parkinson's Houses -(Wakefield-street) : 1, No. 65; 2, No. 51; 3, No. 47; ii c, No. 57; a, nlialbers 37, 45, 61 and 69. ' Mr Stausfield's Prizes (Willis-street) : 11 c, E Glenton.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
PRTZE WISTgERS AT THID_SOITOOL9.

.. The following Is a list of the children • wlop obtained prizes at the schools and not at the show:— Arpley-street School : 1, iNfabel Hewitt, Lanra Fern, Sydney Williams, Ralph Holland, F C Dale, Nellie Jones ; 2, Samuel Woittaker, Annie Bedfortb, Ernest Whitfield, Ethel Birrell, Florence Finlayson, Harold Cross ; 3, Herbert Spencer, Evelyn Ellis, Dorothy Bennett, Gordon Ploton, Vera Jones, Willie &ton ; li c, Nfarion Littlewood, Percy Horrors, Sydney Wright, Ethel Turner. Harold Thompson, F Kingley, Nomh Marsh c, Gladys Ingram, Herbert Booth, Maud Richardson, Eric Brown, Doris Maginn. St. Barnabas : 1, Clarice Fair _t• 2,Harold Herding ; 3, Lizzie Green; hc, 'Amy Harding and William Beswick. _

Soared, Heart t 1, ' Teresa Crannigan ; 2, James Dorris.n ,• 3, Thomas Rigby ' • h c, Gladys Morrell ; c, William Smith; special, John, Donlan. St. James: 1, John Clarke; 2, John Reid ; 3, Thomas Watkins ; Li a, Elsie Davies ; o Arthur Harding. and Richard Brierley. St. Mary's. Latohfore: 1, Ralph Bolton ; 2, Robert Bolton; 3, John Fairhurst; ho, Amelia Taylor; a, Alan Gibbons. Christ Church : 1, Joseph Tin:lBl3w ; 2, William Edge ;,3, David Shaw ; o, Leonard Bradley. ' • ' Bniton School : 1, Bessie Warren 2, Edith Worthington ; 3, Dora Amos; h a, Bessie Chaney. St, Alban's : 1, May Rigby ; 2, North Mulcahy ;3, Alice Lee; h c, Kitty Johnson and May Wickham ; a, Leo Hessian and Dolly Evans. Ileathside (Boys) : 'l,Thomas Stevens and E Kindon ; 2, II Bond W Spencer and F ,Drinkwater ; 3, G Hughes and F Davies; h c, E Hughes and S Seymour ; W Fletcher and P Peters. ' Heathside (Girls) : 1, Ethel Lloyd and Winifred - Fagan ; 2,,Dara Goulding and Fanny Price ; 3, Edith Les and Alice Deakin; ho, Ethel Thomas, Hetty IButtersby and Elsie Johnson ; a, Beatrice Stretch.

Wycliffe : 1, Marie Dunwood, Maggie Cockin, George Halford • 2, William Healey, George Edwards, John March, dice Smith ; 3, Fanny Bcuffier, Lily Pendlel•nry. Sarah Newall, Allred Hackett.

ISt. ADEN.-1, Mary darroll ;2, Hilda Shaw ;3, Ernest Hodgett and Gladys Warburton ; hc, Donald Glover and Gladys Warburton. Silver-street : 1, Ernest Winstanley ; 2' S Owen ; 3, Jessie Harrison ; h c, Jesepli Gleave and Tom Burke ; c, Amy Gosling and Ida Maddock. Hamilton-street (Boy's): 1. James Hincbcliffe end Thomas Ayres ; 2, George Riley ; 3,,Andrew Taylor and Harold Brownie:lL ; 3, Harry Meachin. Ilamilton-street (Girls) : 1, Alice Ray ; 2,, Rose Nicholson ; 2, Jessie Holbrook ; h c, Minnie Bite and Lizzie McDaugall rc, Nellie Johnson and Gladys Deckhouse.

St. Mary's, Buttermarket-street (Boys) : 1, Stanislans Cross and Richard IVhelan ; 2, Arthur Kilduff ; 3, John McDonald ; h id, Peter Valente; c, Louis Hales. St. Mary's Battercoarket.street (Girls) : 1, Lilian Hales ; 2, Maria Rolsnds; 3, Josephine Kilduff ; h c, Mary Griffin ; c, Rosie Bryne. Smith-street : 1, Annie Phillips ; 2, Morrie Woods; 3, Lucy Hadland; he, Lizzy Atherton; c, Amy Addison. I Church-street: I, William Henry Ball and Stanley Davies ; 2, Arthur Simkin ; 3, Arthur Lewis •, h c, Alfred Taker and Charles Shepley ; 3, Frank Cooper and Charles Hill. I Fairfield Girls : 1, Elsie Blackrnore ' • 2, Voris Thompson; 3, Dora Heckle ; h o, Racael Skelhorn ; a, Daisy Rowley and Irene Ellis. Fairfield Girls (Upper) : 1, Dsrothy Vincent ; 2, Evelyn Jowett ; 3, Ethel Wadsworth ; h o, Edith Lister and Ethil Lightfoot; c, Freda White. I Beamont Council (Girls) : LEva MoLennon and Edna Sadler ; 2, May Barber and Mabel Fearnley ; 3, Fanny Wilkinson and Jane Warbricic ; h c, Dorothy Darby. shire and Amy Ball; c, Edith Ball and Gladys Mills. Bearnont Council (Boys) : 1, David Mould ; 2, W Vincent and Arthur E Scott; Fred 'Whitfield; hc, Harold Percival; a, Harry Melbourne.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PATHETIC INCIDENT.

AT THE SERVIAN LEGATION IN LONDON.

I In the palatial establishment of the Serviau Legation I in Pout-street, London, S.W., there was enacted, some little time ago, an incident of peculiar pathos. Madame EUGESTIE GRUM lay ill and so serious was her state that medical men insisted that she should be taken to a connenient hospital. From that institu- tion, however, she was removed at a later date, her case being pronounced incurable. The further facts published below have bean related by M ne. Grate herself, who tells the pathetic story of her fifteen years' trial,

"Fifteen years ago I began to fall languid and depressed," said Madame Grare. "At times fits of dizziness came over me and,. I was unable to sand. Then terrible pains seized Ins in my back and chest. Any exertion caused such palpitation and breathless. nese that to walk was out of the question. From having a ruddy complexion, ray lips become white and blondlesa, and my appearance, deathly, "Through sheer weakthas had to take to my bed. The mere sight of food was distaste- ful, and a good night's rest was unknown, for I only had fitful snatches of sleep. " Medical specialists who were consulted told me to my consternation, that I was con- sumptive, and held out no hope for my recovery. "Then Hemorrhage of the Lungs set in and I lost so much blood that I was even too weak to speak. I was so helpless that my nurses had even to feed me. Doctors advised my zonoval to the hospital, and a specialist said to my husband, 'your wife cannot.posibly live.' I remained in the-hospital three weeks : then I was discharged as incurable and taken home again. "It was on the 23rd February (I well remember the date) I read in a newspaper of a case similar to mine being cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for The Seryian Legally*tl P. ale People. I had but lite hope ; however, I took these pills for some little time, and judge of my pleasure when I felt better and gained strength. I continued with Dr. Williams' pink pills and the feelings of weariness and lassitude decreased I could take my meals with enjoyment. I slept every night through, a thing I had not done for many years, and persevering with Dr. Williams' pink pills, My cure was soon complete. I never felt so well as I have been since."

By filling starved veins with New, Pars, Rich Blood, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured many forms of Muscular Rheumatism, Anmnaia, Indigestion,Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Daace, Saiatica and Paralysis; also Women's Ills. Every genuine package the fall namo (seven words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Of dealers, or direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Com- pany, 46, Holborn. Viaduct, London, 2s. Bd. for one be; or 13s. 01. for six, post free.

• . ) • (—I Ilit '... -_,.), );• . :- )1 ... • —ic -.-• - ;,._•--.. 11V,i- , y,, • Af-egiv ' ', [ f':' iliikimil 1 .ii:itlogittli-7- . 0 I Tit-, . bo. 111 , ~..;. r, ; , , : nos • . ...r - ....17...: ?....,, 1. . - v 1/4' •40: ' Iv!' .11 , y,, •V '.-11".. ...f' -. ',:., ' - '

===== 0002601_19080905_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE. '

WESLEYAN Cur:RCM—On Sunday evening at Padgate Wesleyan Church, the Rev. William Mellor, resident Wesleyan minister in Padgate for several years past, who'is about to retire from the ministry and take up his residence at Ormskirk, preached his last sermon before leaving the ‘Varrington circuit. He took for his text Hebrews xii. 3, and spoke very effectively. REV. W. MELLOR'S DEPARTURE : PRESENTATIONS.— On Tuesday evening, presentations were made to the Rev. William Mellor, Mrs. Mellor and their son, Mr. Hugh Mellor, by the members of the church and con- gregation attached to the Padgate Wesleyan Church. The Rev. William Mellor has been the Wesleyan resident minister of Padgate for the past three years, and Mr. Hugh Mellor, who is an eiticient organist, has on many occasions officiated at the organ and rendered assistance to the choir. The Rev. Win. Mellor who is now being placed on the supernumerary list, his term of office having expired, is with his family about to remove to Ormskirk, and the opportunity was taken by many friends to show their appreciation of his services and also the affection and esteem in which ho and his family are held in the district—Mr. Alderman Bennett presided over a very large audience which assembled in the schoolroom and Dr. Bennett, Messrs. J. E. Richardson, Newton and Duckworth made the formal presentations. -•-The Rev. Wm. lollor was presented with a handsome 8 day clock, Mrs. Mellor with an easy chair and Mr. Hur,h Mellor with a fitted dressing case and smoking cabinet. Felicitous speeches were made suitable to the occasion.

TELE CHURCH INSTITUTE. —Lest Monday evening this Institute was re-opened for the season under new auspices. A very large membership has been secured and as most of the residents have joined, a successful future should result.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
EMBEZZLEMENT AT WARRINGTON. A Sudden Temptation.

At Warrington, on Thursday, before Mr. John Fair. dough and other magistrates, William Wickenden, of Canterbury-street, was charged with embezzling 185.61 received by him on account of his employer, William Pomoll, florist, of Parigate and Warrington ltiarket- place,and also with obtaining 10s. from Miss Constance Broadbent by means of a trick. He pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable stated that prisoner had been employed' by Mr. Powell since December. An order was received from a lady at Grappenball for some cut flowers on July 39th. The flowers were supplied, and the money (IBs. 6d.) was collected by a boy, who handed it to prisoner,and he failed to account for it. Mr. Powell taxed prisoner with the offence, aid he stoutly denied it, but further inquiries having been made he admitted it and asked for leniency. With regard to-the second charge, the flowers were supplied to the order of some ladies who wished to present Miss Broadbent with a bouquet, and the account was paid. Afterwards prisoner sent a lad to Miss Broadbent to collect the money a second time, Miss Broadbent NM it, and prisoner pocketed the money. Prisoner was a native of Kent, and prior to oming to Warrington his character was everything that could be des; red. Prisoner said he ha I to meet an account and succumbed to a sudden temptation. The Chairman said the magistrates did not wish to make a gaol-bird of the prisoner, and' in view of the fact that he had been in custody for a v-eek,they sentenced him to an additional day's imprisonment, which meant that he would be released on the rising of the Court.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
0 A 4/d. bottle makes k . 2 gallons of Vt. iff 1 delicious home-Made Lemonade. Health In every elp,refreshment In every orcp. s Cafe r .. . .• .. . . , .0 .• . ' L t,.

RANDOM READINGS.

WORDSWORTH AND COLERIDGE AS SPIES.

One of the most serio-comic incidents in our literary history is the shadowing of Wordsworth and Coleridge by a Government detective at Alforton in the spring of .1797. The two young 'poets were writing their. famous Lyrics, and were to an extent tran- scribing from Nature. Coleridge was making verbal studies of the scenes and natural ob- jects around them. Coleridge's wife and Dorothy Wordsworth completed the party. And the SorArset folk set them all down as French spies! The whole story is told by Mr. A. J. Eagleston in the Nineteenth Century. The pitch to which misunderstanding and mystification rose is' sufficiently indicated in such a passage as the following from a re- port sent up by the detective, one Walsh, to Mr. J. King, the then Permanent Under- Secretary of State for the Home DepaOment. "Christopher Triclrie and. his Wife, who live at the Dog pound at Alfoxton, told Moggs that the French people had taken-the plan of their House, mid that They had also taken the plan of all the places round that part of the Country, that a Brook runs in the front of Trickle's Housl, and the French people inquired of _Trickle wether the Brock was Navigable to the Sea, end upon being !n- -formed by Triokie that it was not. They were afterwards seen examining the Brook quite down to the Sea."

===== 0002601_19080905_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WEED-EATING PLANT.

It appears that at last an antidote ' has been found to the noxious weeds which are so frequently the death of certain forms of plant and vegetable life in the East. Speci- mens—of this wonderful "find" • have been forwarded to the authorities at Kew Gar- dens. This plant is a blue flowering creeper botanically known as the Commelina nudi- flora linnea, but called "Rumput Greinali " by the natives of Malaysia and " Ge-war- an " by the Javanese. Although the report made. at Kew goce to show that this creeper is common throughout the Middle East, it would seem that the managers of estates and plantations have not known of its peculiarly welcome properties ` until very recently and accidentally. The prolific weed known as " lalang " is the great

===== 0002601_19080905_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ENEMY TO RUBBER-GROWTH.

It was the accident of observing that where the blue-flowered creeper came in contact with the lale.ng the latter became much less injurious that induced a planter to send specimens to Kew. It seems that at first one begins to notice that the weeds are becom- ing less prolific where the creeper is growing among them. This improvement steadily in- creases as time goes on. and it has been found that, under the influence of this anti- dote, lalang which was formerly 4ft. or sft. in height has been reduced to one foot to !Lt. only when it etarta to flower. But, the joyful discovery having been made that here was anNndoubted setback to the weedy growth that chokes young rubber and is the .

BANE OF TILE PLANTER'S LIFE, ' the .question arose: Would the antidote itself exercise a prejudicial effect on the rubber? ' Therefore the specimens were duly submitted to Kew; and it was stated that the new creeper. is "unlikely to have any harmful effect on young' rubber-trees." Planters all over the East may therefore take heart of grace, and also take this new "medicine." In appearance, the blue-flowered Comme- line nudiflora is rather pretty, and, like the weeds which it first checks and then kills, it grows with astonishing rapidity. The amount of rubber produced annually in the Straits Settlements is, of course, very large, and the results .of the discovery and its suc- cessful 'application sre likely to be far- reaching. • A GRUESOME SUPERSTITION.

Whether•or no the custom of fighting fires on St. John's Bye was ever a custom in these parts, says the Manchester Guardian, an associated superstition does seem to have prevailed at one time. In his "Passages" Sam Bamford gives an account of the gather- ing of fern-seed (which when gathered with the correct rites—a very difficult matter— was supposed to confer invisibility) on the eve of St. John in Boggart-ho' Clough. The story told is of .three men who came at "deep fleet" to the Clough. One of the men carried a brown 'earthen dish, another a pewter platter, and the other a skull. The skull had the scalp sawn of above the eyes and left flapping like a, lid. The interior cavities were stuffed with moss and lined with clay kneaded with

BLOOD FROM HUMAN VEINS. The skull, carried by a love-sick youth, was secured to his shoulders hy three strands of unbleached flax, undyed wool, and woman's hair, from which depended a raven-black tress.- The three went forward to a stepping- place over the brook -opposite the old •Feyrin- ho', where the Boggart was supposed to live. Their object was to secure the seed of the St. John's Fern. Kneeling before the plant the dish was held underneath the fern; under that was the skull resting on the ground with the lid up. The appropriate rhymes were recited, but just at the critical moment a venerable form in a loose robe appeared; there was a great crash, and the skull cried out and glares' with its eyes. One of the men reached home - and fell unconscious; another was discovered two or three days after 'chas- ing wild birds on the Moss; whilst the one who bore the skull died within three months. Bamford got this Weird and highly pagan story from a fellow-prisoner in the prison of Coldbath Fields.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "GLORY SONG."

It has • been said that no Gospel song in *history ever attained the international popu- larity of "The Glory Song" in so short a time, if at all, says Mr. Charles Gabriel, the author of "The Glory Song,", in the Quiver. ,It was written in 1900, and in less than five years it was sung around the world. The wonder of this, however, is not due to ..the eong alone, but to circumstances which took control of it. To me the most remarkable thing about it is that not one syllable of the words or one note of the music was found to need a change, and it stands to-day, word for word and note for note, exactly as I sent it to the printer. It has been criticised all over the world, and

YET PEOPLE 00 ON SINGING IT, regardless of critics or criticism. The em- bryo of my most successful songs has come to me without my seeking, yet to say they were purely inspiration would be foolish, as a great deal of thought and labour was re- quired to polish and complete them. I dis- tinctlY remember—the research and patience it required to get each stanza of "The Glory Song" to end ptoperly and intelli- gently as it does with 'That will be glory for me.' It looks simple. But take an idea, restrict yourself to so many syllables to a line of words, make three of a. four-line stanza rhyme togetheis with the fourth line common to each stanza, and a systematic ac- cent pervading the entire poem, and before your,' are finiihed your scope of vision will have been somewhat enlarged.

THE "LONG AND SHORT" OF WILLS. The will of the. late Duke of Devonshire, which contained nearly 18,000 words, is cer- tainly entitled to rank high among long- winded testaments. Probably the shortest will on record was that of a Streatham gentleman, proved a few years ago, which consisted of the words, "All for mother, C. T." The lakt will and testament of a Colonel F. E. Rigby, who died at Chicato, was written on a scrap of paper, four inches long and three wide, which, apart from the date and signatures, contained only fifteen words; eleven words answered the purpose of a recent Brooklyn testkor; and the testa- ment of Mr. 1\ B. White,. a wealthy Chicago newspaper man, ran thus: "I give every- thing te my ,wife." Another brief will was that pencilled on a small piece of card by Mr. Borekhardt, of St. Albans, as he lay dy- ino on the Matterhorn. It was addressed tn his sister: "1 am dying on Matterhorn. I leave all I possess to you, my dear OlterA God bless you," -

===== 0002601_19080905_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
CURED HERSELF AND LITTLE SON

Mother Had Ringworm—Boy Had a Very Bad Place on Thigh— Spread and Grew More Painful— Medical Treatment Faded.

USED CUTICURA REMEDIES WITH PERFECT SUCCESS

! "I have used Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment with most perfect success. Twelve years ago I used them as a com- plete cure for ring- worm, after hav- ing had a medical, man in attendance and recently, ray little son, Norman. had a very nasty place on his thigh. We did not know how it was caused but I had medical treatment in N— for it. But as time went on it got larger and Lore painful. Remembering how I had used Cuticura for ringworm, I tried. Cuticura Soap and. Cuticura Ointment for my boy and they quite cured his leg. After that a similar place came on his arm which I am still treating, but it is almost unnecessary, as it has nearly gone and the child is quite well. I shall always have pleasure in recorn- mending Cuticula Soap and Ointment for any disease of the skin whenever I see an opportunity. Mrs. Phoebe An- drews, The Laurels, Tharston, Long Stratton, Norfolk, Oct. 9, 1906, and Jan. 15, 1907." Send to nearest depot for free Cuti- cure B ook on Treatment of Skin Diseases.

**i* 44, 7- 0 cot ,

===== 0002601_19080905_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ITCHING TORMENTS

From little patches of eczema, tetter, milk crust, psoriasis, etc., on the skin, scalp, or hands of infants, children, or adults are instantly relieved ana speed- ily cured, in the majority of cases, by warm baths with Cuticura Scap and gentle anointings of Cuticula Ointment, the great Skin Cure.

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants. Children. and Adults consists of Cutieura Soap to Cleanse the Skin, Cutt- cura Ointment to Deal the Skin, and Clutieura Re- aolvent or Cutieum Resolvent Pills (Chocolat, Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London. 27. Charterhouse So.: Paris, 5, Rue de la raiz; Australia, It. Towns & Co.. Sydney; E. S. A.. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props.. Boston.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
-....._ , r DODD'S '' KID NfEy.. Fri PI LLS' '' -ti ...„.:-,,f, P'S„-- - \kks ----' f 0 Ilk tk.cii vs DIS EACS igo 'Ct I lABETES•ti 040 ' E/l& THE DODDS Mfor4C. Z 23, FARRISG rtf' LON DO

DANYSZ VIRUS kills

===== 0002601_19080905_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS AND MICE.

HARMLESS TO OTHER ANIMAL. A NORTHWICH TESTIMONIAL. From MR. J. A. COWLEY, Clerk to the Urban District Council.

Council Offices, Northwich, June 13th1 1906. The Danysz Virus you sent has been tried with most excellent results.

r(S;gned) J. ARTHUR COWLEY_ tube 25.; 3 tubes os. ; per dozen 18s.; post free from DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., Box 292. 52. Leadenhall Street. LONDON. 8.0. And of all Chemist,.

SOtAD EVERYWHERE, at 111 a, 211), 416, ant 111., qe ÜbN G TOINIT C WOR 7"3 COCOHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, Aar

Counsel - The purchase of the Coffee that always pleases Farni I or Guest's Symington ifee

. >*ence • . • Richly frarar% Pure& lnvigorat ing

===== 0002601_19080905_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A

h

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either LOX, all acquired for constitutional disoharges frina tie Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. kree from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. Bd. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors thronah- on. the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Countles_Drng Company, Lincoln.— , Advt. . - . .

TO bIOTHEIM—Mrs. WI:MOWS Soothing Synap has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothets for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as: a button. of all Claemlsts 11. 10....41d14.1

4

be eranuntr &erns OP WEEK-RED NRWSPAPHRS COMPRISES WARRINGTON I 111.13-CHISSIIIRB 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Reath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lvmm. !sc., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- rises %large trading and agricultural tract in South Lulea- :llre and SUI-Cheshire. MEE RUNCORN BRAS:TIMER, published every Saturday I. morning. It is the beat weekly paper in the Town and Diatrict, and offers the best and cheapest lacilltiesto Advertisers. _ . _

TUB PirIDIES BX&MINIIK published every Saturday J_ morning. Widnes contains the largest numter of cheralcal works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing oentre of industry. BIRLESTOWN AND NEIWTONI IiKA.MINI3II, I published every gstorlay morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the flews of Harlestown, Newton-le- Willows,Clolborne, Hasnlock. Lowtou. !cc. The distrie thus eounrie,e. ta a most important part of the Lancashire coal- fieids. _

%PHU ST. H%I.HIYS 13X 1111151H11, published every 1. Saturday morninv, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Passley Oro's. $c the centre of the Mars, Chernim and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APAITHENTS WANTIII% HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. AR VICLP3 LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. anucLas FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three qix Thirteen Pori'. Week, Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... is. 3,1. ... 21. M. ... 3s• 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. rd. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Cd. 38 ... Is. Od. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. ed. ... Bs. ('CI. 45 ... 18. 34. ... 3s. Id. ... 51, Od. ... 7a. Od. M ... Is. 84. ... is. M. ... 61. Od. ... 108. Od.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestft Rotrbantg, dr.

WAFTED, a GIRL ; about 17.—App!y, U, WlLgole PATTEN PT., WftrtitlatOn•

NVANTRD a ;fool GIVSRRAL SRR7ANT.—AppIy It BETTON, 58. Bradshavegate, Leigh•

WANTRD, supertor Et tE, ; referenv.s required. Addrest, 16, SCARIBBRICK ST., Southport.

WVANTRD, strong GWSKRAL, for SPpternber 20th.— WYE GRANGE, Walmer rd., Strifdale, Southport.

AITANTED eapPrieneed ; no washing, 3 In V family ; good wages to a reliable glrl.-53, HOTBINIC BT.. Fouthport.

WANTRD immedi4tely ;rod iIFtiISRA.L; glad plain coking, no waahlng.—EasToxTE, Olive lane, Waver- tree, Liverpool.

ANTED.—Good GENERALS, HOUSEMAIDS; also VY Young Girl for SiIop.—REGISTRY OFFICE, 5. Bradley Hall rd.. Nelson.

WANTS() COOIC-lENBRAL for doctor's house ; three in family; housemaid kept.—Mrs. 00EGB avz, Bradshaw brow, near Bolton.

LADY, declining BUSINlaii.9, desires position of trust; excellent references ; aged 40.—W., 64, Church at., Norwich, Lancashire.

TATANTED, an experieneei KETCH Hi :MAID; gentleman's Vif family ; gond anges given.—Miss AS4oßoon, 9, Green- hill rd., Cheatham Hill.

WAND, good COOK-GENNIZAL ; also Housemaid- Waitre•s.—Apply, Mrs. B. J. Forum, 9, Lima Grove, Oxford rd., Manchester.

-wANTED, experlesced GlilifEßAL ; all duties; three in family ; good referenoes.-17, PRINC Mg RD., CrliM peal!, Mantheater,

Iv! ANTRD, GENERAL, small !lease, wash and bake; live with family. small; state wages.—Mrs. CsaaoN, 18, Illoss-groye,'l7rmston.

TVANTE 0, 61.13N1111+1 L, experienced ; plain cooking ; little washing; age 22-25 ; two others.—LP AnICFIELD BD., r idsbury, Manchester.

WANTED, COOK-GFINERAL n=l }loosens ald-waftress 00l borne; goo 3 w4ge3.—tioLME LEA, C harlton Cale, near Manchester.

ANTRD NURSEMAID, also COOK-DitNRRAE, at once: TV staf e references and wages expected. —BALE'6, 6, Reedville, Clanstston, Illrkenbeal.

WANTBP, good °BNB', AL, immediately ; plain cooking required ; three in tamily.—Apply, Mn. Cetutxku 66, Bank Parade, Burnley, Lancashire.

VV Wages GEBRRALS, 13 to 26. Plain Cooking. Wages £l3 to EIS. References.—Apply, Miss SALLIBrRY, 23, Algburth rd., Grassendale, nr. Liverpool.

W ANTED Immediately, strong healthy women 0 train as V V Cott.ge Nurses. Training free. Era playment,p wmanen.., —Apply MISS BROADWCOD, Denison House,Vlctoris, London.

WANTHP, Good GHNERAL Servant immediately ; !V doctor's family of five ; salary £l5 a year ; washing vars.—Mrs. Grease, Victoria terrace, Ailington, Lancashire.

WIDOW SMKS SITUATIOS as COOK-HOUSE- KRBPRR to gentleman v.here girl is kept. Good references.-11. E. C , The Rectory, Llantactreth Valley 8.0., Anglesey.

WANTED, Good GIrifRRAL, Washing. Little Cooking, Famiiy three State age and wages. References required. —Mn. Pz.IRCE, 61, Broadway, South Shore Blackpool.

lIITANTED Immediately, Superior, Capable SERVANTS. I Good wages. Stamp for reply. Goad references essential. Full particulars from Mrs. CAMERON, Servants' Registry, 55, Raven Meola-lane, Formby, near Liverpool.

IRS. BAILRY, Registry, Wilmslow, wants immediately good Cooks for Alderley Bdge ant Wilmslow. £26 ; Plain Cooks and Housemaid-Waitresses for Didsbury, Swinton, Stockport, Cheadle. Houselaundry Maids and Generals.

1 f ES. FFiESTO.—Progresslve SERVANTS' AGENCY Ili 44, CHAIM:ZS ST.. Blackpool. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants Servants with referenns. for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; gcol wages ; enclose stamp. Telephone 637.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
11°115(.5 anb Zan on 'alt.

DUBUC HOUSBS and Hotels.—Hastings and South I. Coast. A few genuine houses for disposal.—Apply CHEN:MLR & Dug, Hotel Brokers, Hastings.

LINOOLNSHIRS. No rates, 19 guineas yearly. Lovely Dry, Healthy, o sin grounds. 5 upper and 4 lower and Outhouses.-125, Vrcioni• Sr , Bristol.

I.DORTSSIOUTH. Good-eats House and Shop, freehold ; Confectionery, general, close Park, Schools ; busy thoroughfare; cash trade.—O,3,3,Burllngton rd.,Portsmouth.

rro BE SOLD, as a going coweern, HOUSE and SHOP In .1 a growing district, grocery, provision, and drap.ry ; opening.—Apply JOSEPH RIGBY P7ILLISMR, Acnountant, Warrington.

ap.endld Cbarterel

WITHIN Four Niles of Norwich, and one mile from station, a Charming Cottage Residence for sale, con- taining entrance ball, 2 sitting rooms, 3 bedrooms, bath- room, and usual offices, stabling, and about 2 acres of gardens and paddock ; gravel s ,b-nail: good water ; healthy position. —DocTcn, Plumetead Magna, Norwiati.

QUALL PitiTUREC FARM, Wouceatershire, near two stattour, easy distanc3 of market towns, 53 acres, with cottage, long road frontage, only £9)O freehold ; another 67 acres (one—third pasture land) with capital farm buildings, £.1,109 freehold ; others equally cheap (near etv2ds,orth Statlon).—Apply to C. F. BEASTELD, Foss Bridge,Obeetworth, via Cheltenham.

ritIEAPBST LAND In GLOUCBSTSfI46I-1111111 (large and small lots) 111 and 3 miles of stations, near market towns; some of the best barley and sheep land in the country. suitable for dairy, paultry and fruit ; and for bunga- lows and country house sites ; four small freeholds, about 59, 67, 20 and 117 acres respactively. prices varying from £9OO to £!,602. Also 9 other lots of pasture and arable, various areas, from about 1J acres to 33f acres, prices from £175 to £475 etch ; lonc road frontages in most cases. Particulars of air. C. F. BeararEP, Foss Bridge, Chedworth, near Cheltenham.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
iflannitry, etc

EGG-JIND 8011,1018, 341 t. by aft. strong plater, _L c:ean ; cheap for quick BaI9.—EDWARD ReTaaryz, Machinery Merchant, liarwarden•

OFFICE

===== 0002601_19080905_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR PATENTS

4, ST. ANN'S EQUARIi, M&NCHESTEB.

GEO. DA.VIRS & SON, CHARTERED PATENT ACIENTS. ESZADLIgIIED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 50. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. Parcz Is

ititseliantotts, On 040, ttr.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
En be Let.

"I•II,SIKETH.—COTTAGES, 21. Ed.. and 2s. 6d., rer week. MILL STI.BET, OFFICES,ground floor. Also upper rocnis. SHOP, 35,PINNBUS BROW. 711. 61 per. week. 2 Storey high WAREHOUSE, 'MEET SIREIRT, off Sankey Street. £l6 per year. 50, CHOBLBY ISTRBBT, rent 48. 6d. SiCCKTON HEATIf.-20, Bedford-street, rent £l9 103, Apply ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent,lsTo. 1 Bank-street War ngton. Telephone—Fo 66.

910 LET.—Houee. Leigh %Tiling, Knutatord rd.. Rent £lB. A_ —Apply, ALDRED, Leigh Villa', Clrappenhall.

frO LET 17, FOLLY LANN.—Apply Woons & Bos A. Solleltora. Horsernarket Street, Warrington. ___

To LET, a large SHOP in centre of town, Warrington.— J poly JOSEPH R16131r WILLIAMS, Chartered Accountant, Warrington.

MO LBT.—GOOD HOUdB, Hopwood-street •3 T rooms ; rent se. M.—Apply WOODS AND Sox, 'Solicitors. Horsemarket et

Bw SEMI-DBTAOHBD COTTAOB TO LET. close to Thelwall Station. Bath and ht t water. Good open Garden. Rent 214 and rates,--Apply, Joax WRITEI CO., Estates Office, Warringtrn.

A RTIFICIAL TEETH from Is. a tooth.—HosLEY, John tt it., Portheawl, S. Wales.

IT3R S&L.—Fiye Ton Crane, gnoi condi tion.—Dowsu G 22, Stanley it., New Crors, Lon Son.

VALUABLE Books for es.le, cheep. Write for liet.—A. V RI:SdELL, Hulsb, Langport, Somerset.

EIGNSTS' SUITS TO ORDER. Write for pater:23.- OAM & Co., 61, Abinzton st.. Northampton.

POSTCARD Album, value 2. given away free. btareped envelope for pirtieulars.—Avrox, well., Born.

MONEY MAKINa Opportunities. 4s. Id. free. Make g you rieb.—ldarreuswe & Co., Benenden. Kent.

11111 &THSPHONN and 6 double dlics cost £3 143 , for £2 10s 1 No dealers —4, QUEENS GARDENS, Muswell Hill.

PHINTING.—I,COO BilihPale, Cards, Postcards, 58. 61. ; sample 100, ls. 6t po.t free.—KsiGar, Wadhurst.

nEIRONOGRAPH Stop Watebei Free. Send 3 strops for A..../ liegietratlon.—CONßAD COMTOY, Bishop lane, Hun,

P 1 58. lISSURANCH gooK for Sale ; collecte In 2 days; cheap, 1 /13 mediate cash. —Box CHEDDAR.

01114 good Winner each week ; reliable information ; P. 0.0. 2s. 63.—Yousa, 38, King's rd., Windsor.

nsle .WINSOLAS' and save Boot Bills. Outfits, le. Lj ls. 6*l„ Zs. 6d.—BITCBED,R, Windsor at.. Nuneaton,

DHOSOGRAPH Records, sample half-dozen 3s. 9d. dozen di_ 61. 3d , carriage paid.—Fr-ar, 47, Wilitay Terrace,York.

SRCRBC Racing Information, cettain proflts.—Write for. particulars.— Mosurs.our, ICO,Dorset rd.,Claphara,Lond

IvONDBRFUL results produced. Nurse Rose's Bust Developer, bottle 2s. 6d.-11 SHOCLDHA 31 sr., London,W .

TTAPEWORMS expeqed in few ta,urc—Partieut4r., teitf- -1 menials free.—Hrasom, Box 100, Mattock I t,NoWngbasi

IS. OD.—CleAring Lice, ' Army' Razore 64. each Uearriago C0.,22. Beech 4rove,Bradtord

URHSH FlSH.—Quality gulranteed ; baskets Is. 6d.,2a.5d elrrisge —PEaRca. 1304revIlle rd., Milford Haven

46 ri JUSETS " real whale'lon.. Black,Cirey,?.a S. post free. —BELFAST Lurrrir Hems, Stratford rd., Birmingham.

GARDRN SF-MlDS.—Poultry Appliances Ac.—Catalozue, F. PIDPNIx, Manufacturing Co., 13 Paternoster Row, London.

A BY PHOTOGRAPH beautifully enlarged and mount-d, tt 15 a 12, 25. 61. ; original photo returned.—BLADaii, Chemiets, Leek.

QOUND INFORM&TION.—No winners, money back ; 2s. 6d. daily, lOr. weekly.—Dawsox .1 Co., 57, Victoria et., Blackburn.

BUSINKSS opening required by experieno64 amateur photographer; P.O.P. and Claalight.—SHoßro, Crown dale rd., Bristol,

QPORTlNG.—Comfortable income for email capitalists. kJ Ladies or gentlemen. Stamp for particulars.—D. GABREN, 29 Ludgate Hill, London.

DAINT, 56 lba. Good Brown Paint ready for use 9s. 6d. 1 carriage paid. Cash with order.—Davta LTD., 51apaire it., Paint Mills, Liverpool.

OTOR•OATI JOURNAL, every Friday, Id. Best medium Oil for Sale, Purchase, or Exchangs of Cars, Sold by all booketalla and neweagents.

-FORST Sheffield Table Cutlery anl Plate—parcel 50 pieces— price 275. 61. cash or credit.—Particulars BIRTHDAY WATCH Co , Fulton rd., Sbeffi eld.

U" " MILKINE " cheaper than milk, guaranteed absolutely pure, never our ; recipe is. 6d.—F. B. LEE, Tetchlll Villa, tilleemere, Salop.

POST Free Postcards P.O. D. Zs. ed. ; Belitoning 31. 6d. 100 ; once used alwa7s used; samples six stamps.— PKILIPri. Chemist, Tunbridge Weds.

frO BUrLRR t °TR/MS.—Plate repaired and re-plated. Lowest terms.—t.lall or write W. M. F., Silversmiths, 1, Richmond Buildings, Soho, London.

STAMPS.—IIare set given free to applicants ; br.alsteg old Collection ; Bargsins in British, Colonials, and Officials. —CLowne, Reliance Terrace, Bude, Cornwall.

BRILLIAST, reliable, eciinoinlati Gas Mantles, 2s. 6.1. doz , inverted Zs. 6d. post free; special terms for hotels, public offices.—NEwsum's, 160, Drate, Leeds.

U j -PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them. Pcst free. Send for one. —TRISINELL, The Herbalist. 144, Richmond rd , Cardiff. Established 1879.

rIIIIIA-TABIA DBLIOACY.—Three rich spmge sandwiches _l. apricot, lemon, and raspberry. In cardboird box, post free, I s .—Coha EXT'a Cake Balr et lee, Birmingham.

-VOU CAN SAVE MONEY.—Be convinced by sending for patterns (free) of Gentiemen'a Mackintosh Coats to liEsmr BROUGHTON, Waterproof Specialist, Rochdale.

F STROPAX.—Post free; all who like easy shave. 1/ Will last years, with lostructions. Plying Aiteuts wanted.—MINUFACTUBING Co., Zion House, Plymouth.

3/6 POSTyou, FowßEnEF—horgarautpliVoliy linillahee;lllTnnoltilinrfemdelnst6trq cash with order.—WATSSN, 'Studio, Park Green, Macclesfield.

6 fARHAD 30 UGHT ' fountain-den ss. Bd., strongest end I • best ; purchasers presented patent clip or leather pocket ; %gents wanted.—KLEJAlNe. 43, Kingston rd.,111 ord.

LIEASOLIABLE ADVICE for season's Fast: tons. Wr:te for patterns of Solent Serges and Dress Sabring. Orders by pcst a speviillty,—.sox.mar WOOLLEN Co., Dress Specialists. Southampton.

20 PIECES SHEFFIELD CUTLERY. 3s. 6d, Cardage paid.-12 dinner knives and forks, pair carvers, 6 plated spoons. (Limited quantity only.)—Tmax & Co., Pankrup'cy Depot, 6, Princess at., Hull.

VONSHIBE ICH ORHANI POWEIHR3, Vanilla, Rasp- If and Strawberry Flavours, 6d. per lb. Free Window Ella with grit order. Carriage paid on 6lb !Unsure& '26 Bildton if.. Wolverbam pton.

MARVELLOUS OFFER.—As an advertisement we win send our 211. Ladies or Gents Ley ton Keyless Lever Watch on receipt of P.O. for 2s, deposit, and on last pay- ment of 13 week, regular at Ed. per week making Bs. ed. A handsome Albert or Ladles neck chain will be sent free for one month only.—LkyTort WATCII Co., 55 Oliva rd. Leyton, London, N.B.

fiflfsreltaneous, On salt, etc.

FP NIKLVH Hand-painted Floral Postcards, poet free, 11.- 1 VAUGHAN, 310, Regent it, London.

AlR.—Nataral wavy Fringes, send trsttern Hair, length, LI 11141., satisfaction guaranteed.—SAYwAßD, Loz .11as, Birmingham.

CO SALE, good Bet of JOINERS TOOLS and CHEST ; a bargain.—Apply CIiooKSIDE COTTAGE, Hunget ford rd., Crowe.

PRIVAM CHRISTMAS 4.;ARDS.—Agens Wanted (either sea); highest corn.; excellent sample book Fiee ; easily soId.—WALICEFee, 7), St. Paul's rd., Preston.

13 attnerni" ffiusintOscs.

nO YOU WART TO SELL your Business ?--It so,eonsult Mr. COWDELL, Businees Agent. Legh et., Warrington.

BLACK POOL.—Large Shop and Warehouse Premises for sale.—Apply GREENWOOD, 30 Park rd., Blackpool.

MILK and DAIRY PRODUCE. Bootle; returns £lB week, retails 220 gallons; splendid turnout ; COOKE'S. Hope st., Liverpool.

A LL at KM—Millinery, bigh-ziass, grand ehanee for II smart hand ; owner called abroad ; Offers Invited.— FELIX, 262 e, King et , Hammersmith.

house, main RAO chance,f Bon ecnrc;rs.lY44oo3rdj, d entrance.ew Rent £32.-129 High rd., Tottenham.

(IOWILBRPEWS BUSINII9B. doing 2) gallons a day, 6 cows ; everything £lBO ; rare chance for beginner.- -Cowries, 11, Hope it., Liverpool.

HIGH-CLASS Confectionery Business with Refreshments, for Sale, nice shop, main toad, same hands eight years. —KINGSLEY'S. Catsrham Valley, Surrey.

Manta.

DOOR DEBTS PURCHASED, IP' oh down.—W. JAcxeoar, 36, Crosfield it. Warrinzton.

A GENrS WANTED.--Onitomess' Photo on postnards, Es. 11. doz. Good COmnalastOn- —9. LIEBEBT, &MOM.

W ANTED, AGENTS for Live Stock and In-foal Mare VV Inenrance.-MANAnnn, Midgate Obambere,Peterborough

OROSFIBLD'S SOAP WRAPYBRS EXCHANGED.— wnd.rAm PESWICK, 21, Buttermarket et, Warrington.

WANTED.—Wantett 50 tons Paatoes and Carrots; excbange Grocerles.—lNDU & CHINA, TEI. COMPANY, Snewsbury.

f:1_110011-:06.C11MaN or Second Man, or otherwise; well up stable dutiea ; good charaeter ; age 23 ; single. —ll, FARLEY, Manley. Helsby. Cheshire.

WANTED Employment as Chauffeur by young married min. competent meotpinlc, able to do all repairs.— JOSEPH MERCY, 25, Illverston rd., Sheffield.

A SbISTANT or Under Bailiff on Farm ; life experience Cl. practical mixed farming ; excellent references, single, 25.—P., 44, Twyford Avenue, Acton, W.

NATANVED Care of Baby from Birth, reatonable terms, Norio' references —Um B. MELLING, Alexandra Cottage, Little Watering, Southend-on-Sea.

WASTED AGENTS, Warrington district, Salary snd commission 0 experienced men.—Apply UNITED, PROVIDENT ASSURANCE Co., 153. Duke it., Liverpool.

LSTATII AGNNTS.—Position as Canvasser ; work up branch ; experience all branches ; small :Wary, liberal cciamission ; (46).—Auernie, 62, Chartsris rd , London, N.

3ttvatinents, ObartO, Srt.

500 AMERICAN Moneymaking Schemes, 3s. Inde- penden:, living anywhere. Profits enormous.— HEX'S, Forth et% York.

llorotso flog, Elbe *tork 3cr.

PRAUTIFUL well-grown Collie. Puppies 21.5. each.— WATKINE3, West Winch, Kings Lynn, florfolk.

CNornich and Hartz Cocka,with wired cage 31. complete.—Ltovn, 1, Dover Place, Aberdare.

FDR SALE two Chestnut EARS% Trap, Harness, and Stable rittings.—Apply Dr. SHAW. Hallway rd., Leigh.

-VCR Skt,l3,9even PULLE VS and Cock,Golden Wyandottes _11.: 1937 birds, 255. the lot.-174, braw ST., Blackrod, near Charley.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday September 5, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Orbital

13 Cure Corns Immediately, send for picket D. JENNBR'S CORN SILK, 10D. CHURCH, Chemist, Cambridge.

SANTAL Wood Oil Capsules, finest made ; certain cure ; post free, 2s. 93. per bittle (under cover); I.)ur for 13J.— BOWLING, ()hernia', Pembroke Dock.

rIIy IT Fl3Blll For Asthms, Broncaitio, Croup, Lo Cain's Chest Faint relieves at once : send stamp for free samp!e.—LE DAIN, Chemist, Erdington.

BAD LEGS. BAD LB43.—Twenty-five years' experience; soundest application for this terrible affliction ; ; genuine, no quackery. —WARBURTON, Ratnsbottom.

CABLILY PILL4.—Why pay fancy prices for pile when L you can buy 5) Beat Qu%lity Gelatine-Coated PIM for Sixpence 'o3t free, from W. H. Woor.comr, Cardigan.

F"' OHNTlOURB.'—lromediately cans neuralgia toothache and nervous hsadache without any bad atter effect. Price Is. id.—S. T. DENTICURE CO., n K, Wimbledon

liionen

'S PROMISSORY NOTES, Debts. Emelt ; any .1-Al. IT u, district ; cash down; full yalue.—SmiTa, BAILEY, AND On. LTD , 38, Church-street. Llyerpnol.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTER PRINTING. WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET IN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT. EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

It may safely be affirmed DO PLANTS that even the scientific

REMEMBER? reader, unless he be a con- firmed specialist in a particular direction, will not be much the wiser by reason of the Address delivered by Dr. FRANCIS DARWIN to the British Association yesterday. He will, in the first place, be confronted by words which can be found only in the latest dictionaries. Dr. DARWIN speaks of " varieties arising as changes in, or additions to the later stages of ontogeny," and then proceeds to remark that "this is, briefly given, the epigenetic point of view." What is ontogeny ? It is, we pre- sume, a process of development, either in plants, in the lower animals, or in man. The epigenetic point of view, we may similarly surmise, is that of those who hold that the germ of an organism does not pre-exist in the parent, but is brought into existence by the parents' powers of procreation. It is, therefore, a point of view which is opposed to ordinary theories of evolution, the defence of which Dr. DARWIN may reasonably regard as an hereditary obligation. Darwinism, as the President of the British Association admits, fs passing through a crisis. It is being assailed from now -lines of thought and observation. There is doubt where there was previous certainty of mind on the subject. Even ALFRED RUSSEL WALLACE has been accused of back- sliding. But Dr. DARWIN holds as strongly as ever to the importance of natural selection. He is convinced, he says, that the inherent strength of the doctrine will ensure its final victory over the present anti-Darwinian stream of criticism. He therefore proceeds to affirm, or rather to suggest, that the Darwinian principle can be supported from plant life, and that plants are organisms, his definition of an organism being " a machine which can be set going by touching a spring or trigger of some kind ; a machine in which energy can be set free by some kiud of releasing mechanism." We shall, we believe, be stating Dr. DAtiwises hypothesis correctly if we say that, according to his contention, plants have memory and acquire habits. He has taken up one of the latest of the investigations of his illustrious father, who was struck by the resemblance .between certain move- ments of plants and many of the actions performed unconsciously by the lower animals. His special investigations, he thinks, make the positive value of natural selection more obvious. The Address is really an argument against Weismannism, WEISMANN contending that acquired characteristics are not inherited, and, therefore, striking at the very root of the Darwinian theory. Thera must be war to the knife between the theories of WEIssuNN and that of the somatists, says Dr. DARWINN. Here,again, we pause to inquire who and what are the somatists ? They are those who believe in the inheritance of acquired characters. The designa- tion, which is new, is rather far-fetched, but has a certain applicability, soma being the Juice of a plant offered in libation to a Hindu god to strengthen him in his fight with the demons. It is identified—and here its applicability comes in— with the invigorating and immortalising principle in nature. Somatic inheritance, Dr. DARWIN declares, ties at the root of all evolution which is a proposition that he might have defended much more interestingly than he actually does. His subject had led us to expect something rather fascinating. We are most of us willing to suspect the existence of a more or less crude intelligence in certain forms of plant life. Many creeping plants, for example,suggest some sort of deliberate action. It would have been delightful if Dr. DARWIN had collected and displayed everything that seems like proof; instead of which he spoke to scientific men only in terms of science, and, we regret to say, without any fascination whatever. The address is, however, distinguished by its modesty. The PRESIDENT of the British Associa• tion avoids one argumentative temptation after another, pleading that he must speak only on the subject of his own researches. He makes no positive affirmations. Everything is tentative in his argument. He has been accused, he says, of sitting on the fence, and, as it seems to us, not without reason. On the basis of his investigations he might well have been more positive. His main contention is that ontogenetic growth is a result directly traceable to a remembering faculty. For instance, certain plants that sleep at night—those' which close their flowers or contract their leaves when daylight disappears—will continue the same movements if they are placed in a dark cellar. Here we have, he thinks, a habit built up by the alternation of day and night, a contention which is open, from the WRialtaNN point of view, to the reply that a dark cellar does not correspond to actual darkness. A man who closes his eyes when the sun is shining will still feel the daylight, and if he walks in the night, and again closes his eyes, he will similarly feel the dark ; from which we might conclude that the opening of a plant in the morning, though it was in a dark place, is not habit, but stimulus. Even Dr. DARWIN does not venture to go further than the state- ment that we have in plants som sthing which has the general character of habit. He shrinks from saying that plants have consciousness. They may have it or they may not —we cannot tell ; but "it is consistent with the doctrine of continuity," he says, "that in all living things there is something psychic, and if we accept

this point of view we must believe that in plant there exists a faint copy of what we know as consciousness in ourselves.? It is an interesting and even agreeable speculation ; but nothing more. The desire of the PRESIDENT of the British Association is to lead us up to the conclusion that natural selections attains in a blind, mechanical way such results as might, for instance, be pro- duced by a skilful gardener—that training is continually going on under an automatic master, " with endless patience and all time at his dis- posal." If the hypothesis could be sustained, all doubts about Darwinism must, of course, disappear.

Congratulations to " P. "P. AND K.'s " K., Ltd." The well•known PROGREiS. firtll of ironworks and

colliery proprietors who are thus familiarly described locally, have had a most successful year's trading notwithstanding the general slump in business all over the country. They have just announced a dividend which makes Ili per cent. for the year against 10 per cent, for the previous year, written oil the year's capital expenditure out of profits, added £20,000 to the reserve fund and carried forward £12,038. Prudent management, combined with enterprise which never lacked boldness, have made Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, Ltd., one of the soundest industrial concerns in the country. The distinctly moderate fluctuation of the share-value after the Maypole Colliery disaster was a testimony to the solidity of the company. We hope the prosperity will continue,for busy times at thillarn and Bawsey have great influence on the state of employment in Warrington. There is much anxiety felt by workingmen with regard to the winter prospects, but we sincerely trust that their fears will not be realized.

One of the best ways of BEAUTIFUL making Warrington beauti- WARRINGTON ful is to promote the culti- vation of fhwers, and there is no denying the fact that the Beautiful War. , rington Society is doing a good work in this direction. If proof were needed, it was forth- coming on Saturday when the third annual show quite eclipsed its predecessors both in size and in beauty. People no longer scoff or poke fun at the idea of Warrington having a good fl )wer show, for , it is quite evident now that beautiful blooms can be grown in Warrington, notwithstanding the menace of the smoke fiend. But perhaps the most important feature of the show is that which cannot be placed alongside the other exhibits. Prizes are offered for the most attractive gardens and it was pleasing to hear from the judges that some of those submitted for competition are models of what back gardens ought to be. Still there is room for much greater enthusiasm. Only about half of last year's exhibi- tors again had the courage to compete and more than half of these had not kept up to their previous standard. Of course, there were many new competitors but the diminution of effort on the part of the others is sincerely to be regretted. The great hope of the society is the rising generation and the work amongst the school children gives every cause for encouragement. Greater care is bestowed by the juveniles upon the plants entrusted to them, and the " Children's Corner " of Saturday's show was about the most pleasing of all the classes. The teachers are to be commended for their valuable help in training the young idea in the right way, and we hope they will continue to persevere in this branch of their labours.

The brewers' demonstration THE BREWERS' in Hyde Park on the 27th DEMONSTRATION. inst. against the Licensing Bill will be, to a large extent, an artificial one. It has bean organised by the brewing interest, and special trains will be run from several of the great towns in the Midlands, and notably from Burton-on-Trent, in order to bring thousands of demonstators to the metropolis. This marks the unreality of the whole business. There was no difficulty in obtaining ten of thousands of people in London itself to come to Hyde Park in support of the Licensing Bill, but the materials for a counter-demonstration cannot be found in the metropolis, and hence the importation of a great number of provincial beer drinkers. 'When fares are to be wholly or partially paid, it is always easy to get people to London to demonstrate in support of almost any cause whatever. The sup- porters of the Licensing Bill could give the demonstrators against it a good deal of trouble. They might, for one thing, gather in the park in great numbers before the brewers' demonstrators arrived, but the general disposition in the temper- ance party is to leave the gathering alone. Nothing in the shape of a rival meeting will be attempted ;but in all likelihood, a great deal of literature bearing on the Bill, and on the cause of temperance, will be distributed among the pro. cessionists as they march along.

On Friday a hundred years A ME3I3RIBLE ago yesterday the extra. ANNIVERSARY, ordinary news was being carried over England of the total defeat of the French Army in Portugal, and its offer of capitulation. The naval power of France and Spain had been broken at Trafalgar three years before. The French had entered Spain in 1807,and Joseph Bonaparte was acclaimed King 'of Spain at Madrid on July 12th, to retire in a fortnight. The Battle of Vimiara occurred on August 21st, but the news took a fortnight to reach these shores, and when it came the popular enthusiasm knew no bounds, just as, in another fortnight, indignation and disgust found the most extreme expression when news o tha Convention of Cintra shewed that, after all, Junot had not been followed and pressed to uncon- ditional surrender. The public required a scape- goat, and Wellesley was pitched on. The "Times" had anticipated even "the anal dissolution of the Continental Tyranny and the overthrow of the Tyrant,' and the man who was to be Bonaparte's match became the butt of scorn and criticism. His name alone had appeared on the armistice which preceded the disappointing Convention. He had, however, acted under protest at the require- ment of Sir Hew Dalrymple, and when a Court of Inquiry came to look into the position the proceed- ings took the form of a sustained indictment by Wellesley of both his superiors in command. Four months later Wellesley was once more in command 'of the British forces in the Peninsula, and there followed that succession of brilliant victories which 'included Oporto and Talavera before six months had passed. Cuidad Rodrigo, Badaojz,Salamanca land the crowning triumph of Vittoria came in 1812 Ithe year of the retreat from Moscow, and Wellington made his way into France in the following year. The "Times" quotations just now, from its files of a hundred years ago, give a graphic and curious insight into the state of public feeling in those trying time's.

The latest issue of the 310 HE PSYCHICAL Proceedings of the Society RESEARCH for Psychical R9search WoNDEns. # contains a singularly interesting report. It is the sort of report which has been long awaited. Mr. F. W. H. Myers, the author of "Human Personality," left it on record that he desired after death to make communication with survivors by means of cross-correspondence which would show that the communication was neither telepathic nor springing fcom the activities of the medium's subliminal consciousness. These communications have arrived. A "Mrs. Holland," in India, has received incomplete messages by automatic handwriting which have their complement apparently in similar writings by Mrs. Verrall. In Mrs. Verrall's case comments were made on the entire correspondence, of which Mrs. Verrall received only part. The significance of some of Mrs. Holland's writings she did not perceive until someone pointed it out. One message began and ended with an initial, and at the end of each of three paragraphs was part of a data " 17/1/01," which had been split into three. The initials were those of Mr. Myers's name, and the date January 17th, 1901, was the date of Mr. Myers's death mentioned in "Human Per-

„

===== 0002601_19080905_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
sonality." A cryptic message purported to come from Dr. Richard Hodgson, and when someone else had discovered the partly-indicated key Mrs. Holland saw that an inconsequent array of letters and figures gave D. Hodgson's name in two forms. Mr. Piddington, who has examined Dr. Hodgson's papers, says the cryptogram is " extremely characteristic," and says it in italics. These are merely indications of the nature of some of the script, and they are claimed to illustrate Mr. Balfour's dictum to the Society that there is " strong ground for supposing that outside the world, as we have, from the point of science, been in the habit of conceiving it, there does lie region . • . with regard to which some experimental information may be laboriously gleaned."

===== 0002601_19080905_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

We may as well place on record this week another of those brief and bright sayings that crystallise the proper relations of man and wife. A female witness at Brentford declared the other day that a gentleman in the case "was using language to me that even my husband does not use. Since the death of him who was "more like a friend than a husband," there has been no such intimate searchlight upon our social conditions.

* * * The German who finds himself paying about 20 per cent, more for everything he buys now that the tariff is in full force can at least console himself in his quiet evenings by reading the Tariff Reform literature that shows that all his taxes are in reality paid by the foreigner. That is just the argument that his cold Teutonic mind will have no difficulty in grasping. * * *

To bet or not to bet ?—will be a serious question for the members of the speculative fraternity wha carry on operations in the public streets. The police activity and the heavy penalties imposed nearly every week on some delinquent or other, have given pause to some of the bookmakers. Personally, we hope the police will persevere in their crusade against what is certainly the worst class of betting, inasmuch as it lightens the pockets of those who are already poor and needy, and provides an easy living to many who have a distaste for real hard work.

* * * The Borough Member and his wife will soon be back in London for the re-opening of Parliament. Al. present they are enjoying a holiday at one of Mr. Crosfield's favourite resorts —St. Moritz in the Engadine. Here there is a fashionable and cosmo- politan gathering and out-door sports of the most attractive kind. Mrs. Crosfield has just lately been demonstrating her skill at lawn-tennis, and while she was beaten in the final for the tournament at the Kulm, she and her sister; Miss Elliadi, won the doubles with ease.

* * * Mr. Arthur Henderson, the chairman of the Labour Party; spoke out strongly in favour of Free Trade at a miners meeting in Monmouthshire on Monday : The Labour Party and the wage-earners of the country generally were doing the best possible service to the community in fighting for the reten- tion of the present system. This did not solve the unemployment question, but he would emphati- cally make the assertion, if he were out of emplor ment, that he would prefer to ba- so in a country whet() Free Trade was in operation rather than in a country where the prices of provisions and commodities generally were much higher. That puts the case very well —Tariff Reform as a remedy for unemployment is only a quack remedy. * * * Councillor Wilkinson has ,g touched the spot," or found it, to be more strictly accurate. When the members of the Council assembled on the river bank at Howley last week to select a site for the new foot- bridge they were unable to agree. But Councillor Wilkinson stayed behind and found a site which be is convinced will cost the Corporation nothing and will facilitate the erection of the bridge. Apparently it will be necessary for him to take the Council down to the river again and either convince them or push them in. On Tuesday they were unable to adopt a tender for construction, and matters remain as they were. We hope the Howley Bridge will not earn the reputation for delay which belongs ta its hoary fore- father —Warrington Bridge! * * * Yesterday's fire at Messrs. Rylands' works revealed the adequateness of Warrington's resources for fire- fighting. Within a few minutes of the alarm the two borough engines were on the spat, while those of Messrs. Crosfields and the Wilderspool Brewery arrived very soon after. For a time they turned out more smoke than the burning warehouse, but their united efforts soon got the fire under and prevented what might have been a disastrous outbreak. only the day before, the insurance people had surveyed the, whole works and remarked that with Messrs. Rylands precautions they considered an outbreak of fire almost impossible. The fire-fiend's reply has been prompt and convincing.* * * Miss Broadbent has written to the Health aim' mittee complaining about the emission of black smoke. The matter was referred to at the Council meeting ee Tuesday by Alderman Bennett, the champion smoke" fighter, who expressed the hope that Miss Broadbent 's letter would not be overlooked. Councillor Evans (chairman of the Health Committee) replied that the Committee were dealing with the question on what "they deemed to be fair lines without unduly hamper- ing the traders of the town." This is the stock replY to questions about the smoke nuisance, and we should like to say here that until the Committee alters its tactics and begins to "hamper the traders" no pre- gress will be made towards lessening the evil.

* * The eisteddfod which has been held this week 0 Llangollen must not be confused with other eistedd; fodau held during the year. The provincial ann county eisteddfodau are many, the parochial ones are still more numerous .„ in fact, there is hardly a town" ship in Wales that does not hold an eisteddfod of son° size during the year. But there is only ene "National " Eisteddfod a year, and it is held North and South Wales alternately, with occasione! excursions to London, Liverpool, and Chester. lb cannot be held anywhere or by anybody. The idea ie that the whole nation is holding it, and the Executive Committee, which has had to work very hard for nearly two years at Llangollen, for instance, is merelY acting for the nation. Proper appeal—and humble' must be made two years in advance by the townsmen who desire to set up the house of the Eisteddfod for e brief week among them, the joint arbiters being the Gorsedd. or Senate of the Bards and the National Eisteddfod Association. One of the conditions is the furnishing of a guarantee of a thousand pounds, unless a township is prepared to do the thing royall it has no chance in these days of huge prizes.

* In spite of expected depressions from the Atlantic) which threaten to cause a continuance of wet' unsettled weather, September is so often a fine montit that we will take hope from similar conditions 1907 and see what brighter prospects may be ourg- Then, snow and frost were seen daringthe first week, but were quickly followed by a prolonged spell of very fine and dry weather, with from fourteen to twenty-five rainless days in succession over nearly' the whole of England and Wales. This is a moot t of transitions, and lower temperatures must ~ expected, though frosts, even towards the close of the month, are rare. A• reading of Oldeg. occurred in 1898, though the average of the day maximum ° 67deg. and of the night 50deg. Rather over tly° inches of rain compares favourably with Glenearron'! eight inches; whilst of sunshine we may look for 19,`; hours at Guernsey, IS2 at Jersey and Worthing, diS at Brighton and Eastbourne, 105 at Newquay Torquay, and 125 at Westminster. * * * Mr. A. J. Jolley is always trailing his coat for serae- one to tread upon. Even if some innocent passer-hi accidentally steps on the garment he appears toir. roused to the bitterest anger. The medical inspecticati: of school children seems to be a sore subject Iv'tt, some members of the Education Committee, and Pue ticularly with Mr. Jolley. After the details of tie scheme had been agreed upon by the officials of t Education Authority and the Corporation "the Mediert Officer intimated that he was in a position to et'Lre work as soon as the preliminary arrangements w.e „ made by the Education Committee." This intimat'7 the fire-eating Mr. Jolley characterised as a Pieceii.v. " gratuitous impertinence." It is difficult to see We cannot imagine the Medical Officer taking a el"„a natural and businesslike course. His only faultirot a quite excusable one—appears to be that be did 1,0 see the tail of Mr. Jolley's coat. When he does, ceg should advise him to jump on it. The consece_cog might be appropriate to the "silly season " prevailing.

Ell

===== 0002601_19080905_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE SALVATION ARMY AT WIDNES. FOUNDATION-STONE LAYING. Directly opposite the new Liberal Club premises in Widnes-road, there was a pleasant little ceremony on :Monday afternoon, when four foundation-stones were laid upon the site obtained by the Salvation Army authorities for their new hall. The ceremonies were Performed by Mrs. J. Wilkinson, of Timperley, Alderman W. W. Gossage ; Colonel R. Wilson, Provisional commander, for Mr. T. Sutton Limmis; and Mr. S. Kershaw, for Mr. J. Lewis,.„ a former treasurer to the local Army Corps.— Ws Worship the Mayor presided, and after the presenta- tion of a bouquet to Mrs. Owens (Mayoress), the chairman said he was sorry for the inclement weather, but they had to face worse difficulties than that. It Pleased him greatly to be present that day, because they had met on other occasions, when they felt that „....e'rcrything was not going on as well as desirable. However, they all knew the Salvation Army, and it was not altogether new to them. He was glad of it because they always had a need for it. They had made very worthy effects to better the conditions of life of the Working classes, and their would be always room for their work. The building in course of erection is the large hall, 3.lft. by 80ft., which will cost £7OO. After the completion of this a start will be made on the Children's hall, which will cost £3OO. 'Of the £l,OOO necessary to pay for the whole Mr. T. Sutton Timmis subscribed £5OO. Upwards of £9lO has already been collected. FIREMAN'S MYSTERIOUS DROWNING. At Widnes Accident Hospital on Monday evening. ' S. Brighouse, coroner, held an inquest on James --Nrurphy, aged thirty-five years, of 207, Grafton-street, Liverpool, whose body was picked up near Oglet, Speke, on Saturday afternoon.—Cecilia Murphy, said deceased Was her husband, and she last saw him alive at half-past six on the 22nd ult at home. He was a fireman on board the Mauretania, and was to have sailed for New York. He was sober at the time and went to catch the half-past seven tender (Skirmisher) to take him on board. The Coroner \read an extract from the ship's log which had been sent from Queenstown on Saturday. "At half-past on the 22nd, James Murphy, thirty-six years age, committed suicide by jumping overboard. Every effort was made to save him, but failed."—The Coroner: Was he content in the ship ?—He said he would have Signed on in the White Star Line if he could have got a ship, because the money was not sufficient for him. Four slays before he arrived he was hurt in the stomach With a" slicer," and had been under the ship's doctor. R. Burkehill, a sailor on the Skirmisher, said he heard the alarm raised from aboard the Mauretania. Every effort was made to get to him, ani a man named Peter O'Hara made a gallant attempt at the rescue but fciled.—Captain Summerfleld, of the Zillah Steamship Company, said be picked the body up near Spoke, and brought it into Widnes.—The Coroner said they had only the log to rely upon for evidence, but it would not do for them to commit themselves on that state- Inent alone. It would be unfair, without any direct evidence, so say that he jumped overboard.—The jury returned a verdict of " Found drowned." - RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. ...The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Lxuardians was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. Joseph Spruce presiding. There were Wso present :—Messrs. C. Roylance, J. Balsbaw, E. 3ri_tch, G. Egerton Warburton, P. Booth, C. E.Linaker, . U. Davies, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, ". Harrison, G. Pilling, J. L. Jones, R. Nixon, J. pruce, W. M. Morris, P. Collins, A. R. Norman, J. yallows, W. Winstanley, C. E. Linaker, jun., Admiral ces Parry, W. Weir, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk), '6 E. Hough (assistant clerk), T. D. Rollinson (Master), T. Cook, J. Pearson, W. It. de Prez (relieving °lficers).

THE APPOINTMENT OF DEPUTATIONS. A PROTEST. L,Mr. Raining wrote that owing to scarlet fever in sills household he would be unable to form one of the ueputation to the County Asylum. Mr. Morris asked how the delegates to the various conferences, Sic., were appointed? He understood that at the Central Poor Law Conference one of the aPPointed delegates was unable to go and another guardian was appointed in his place without the *Auction of the Board. The Clerk said that an alternative delegate was generally selected but that was not done in the case in question. a Mr. Wright said it became known that the appointed delegate could not go when a large number of the Isuardians happened to be at the Clerk's office and it Nras proposed and unanimously agreed that a certain gentleman should go. Mr. Jones : I think Mr. Morris was there and agreed to it. Mr. Morris : No. I was not. Mr. Jones : You were there. Mr. Morris: No. I was not. The gentleman who Was appointed had only been on the Board a few Months and there are Guardians here who have not been Zrl a single deputation. I do not want to go but I ant justice all round. Alr. Wright pointed out that those who were the on deputations were members who were in "le habit of attending the Board meetings regularly. Mr. Collins was appointed to take Mr.Haining's place -111,d Mr. Warburton was appointed in place of Mr. aaWdsley, who was unable to attend. INFIRMARY ADMINISTRATION. The Visiting Committee reported that they had con- a,idered the report by the Master as to the administra- tion of the Workhouse Infirmary, and recommended that it be an intimation to the nurses that it is the duty Of the matron of the Workhouse to superintend and coarol the nurses in the performance of their duties, but in matters relating to the treatment of the sick, such superintendence and control is subject to the direc- tion of the medical officer. The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said the Committee had also recorded their appreciation of several improvements to the Workhouse buildings which the Master had inaugurated. Mr. Morris seconded and the minutes were approved. RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. MOTOR TRAFFIC AND THE DUST NUISANCE. rjbe fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural 4-,,istrict Council was held at the Dutton Workhouse, on 'nesday, Mr. G. Pilling presiding.. There were also Present :—Messrs. C. Roylance, .7. Bolshaw, E. Britch, tgerton Warburton, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. _aries, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, W. Isi.arrison, G. Pilling, J. L. Jones, R. Nixon, J. Spruce, Hallows, W. Winstanley, C. E. Linaker, jun. 'Yin:drat Jones Parry, W. Weir, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), James Farrington (inspector " nuisances), W. Diggle (surveyor). MOTOR TRAFFIC AND ITS EVILS. The Road Union asked the Council to support a memorial to the Prime Minister calling the attention of the Government to the grave and increasing evils caused by the road motor traffic, namely danger to life Sad limb, nuisance from dust and noise, enormously enhanced cost of road maintenance, which was borne by local ratepayers, damage to crops, depreciation of pro. Party. The Dalton-in-Furness Urban District Council forwarded a resolution urging the adequate taxation of caotor driven vehicles and the application of the pro- ceeds of such taxation in aid of the maintenance of roads. Mr. Linaker said that the Council should subscribe to both letters. He thought everyone in that room could endorse what was said in the memorial. The inconveni- ence to people living on the highways or using them increased daily and they had only to take up a news. roper to read of the enormous amount of damage that 'was being done and of the risk to life and limb created bY the motor traffic. Mr. Antwis seconded. Admiral Jones Parry said that in his opinion all these resolutions wrre simply waste paper. The matter really rested in their own hands. The District and County Councils were to blame for keeping their roads up in the state they did. h was no necessity for it. He Was informed that therecost of the Rural District Council roads in th r e trict was .£37 a mile, and the County Council roaeicdis £52 a mile. It was nonsense to spend so much ads sost The Admiral harked back to the old mail coachis £ 2. and contended that the roads then were goad en D 2; days any motor. Nowadays they ncouraged go at a high speed, In e raoto ough for a3uPPorting those rists to they were simply support- ed the Admiral " I am not 'rlR waste paper, resolutions a OPer manutact." and " add .L\ Ir. Woodward urTr." t' inctly benefits said that while thefonnrenidgintitornasffincf dtihsn- d by the improved L °ads, they as Improved Proved a Council could not forget that the as business conditions were n on fn and raesamt eand vwahnot aget occasionallyth e m- Za .'doubted eh t pleasur The local value of the roads was beyond anything that had ever been .wza allsetriee n m ces 'ore. What they objected to, however, reasoh able introduction of foreign traffic which bore no Ssci itn .Proportion of the expense of maintaining aL, Proving the roads. Doh Hallows said that as one who lived in a thickly I reel'atecl neighbourhood he was very pleased that the 41,i:dation had been brought forward. The motorists tss's,tiot even drive slowly through the village: He "sicl not like to see the roads go back to their old t'oVition but the motorists ought to contribute more ards them. co7lurn- Linaker said he did not admit that the e oil was extravagant in its expenditure on the high- The al's n i ace • department was administered n a very --lornical fashion and with good results. Chairman said he thought the complaint was th against the County Council than against e riot*. Council. ds,wir• Linaker's proposition was carried without a setitient. mANLEY WATER. In reference to Manley water which had been declared ure Ale,e, IA fit for domestic use, on chemical analysis, askesis• John White and Ca., estates offices, Warrington the that if a bacteriological examination were inane, 41aouidi be supplied with a copy before the report Ivas rilad° Public. Already the report that the water Unnetetigfohrbda nmd osnticuse had done considerable harm the and in the view of the fact that

===== 0002601_19080905_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
they were trying to develop the estate for building, it was necessary to prove a good water supply. It was decided to accede to request.

THE DUST NUIiANCE. The County Council, referring to the dust nuisance caused by motor cars intimated that they were prepared to treat the main trunk roads with calcium chloride or other dust laying material if the local Council would bear two-thirds of the cost. The letter was referred to the Highways Committee.

HOSPITAL ACCOMZIODATION. At a meeting of the Isolation Hospital Committee it was reported that a letter had been received from the Local Government Board drawing attention to the report for 1907 of the Medical Officer of Health with respect to hospital accommodation and asking whether the Council were considering the question of increasing the accommodation. The committee passed a resolution to the effect that as the number of oases of infectious disease in the Council's district had recently decreased to a great extent, they hoped there would be no neces- sity for increased accommodation for a lengthened period. This resolution was confirmed. lIRALTH OF THE DISTRICT. Dr. Adams reported the frillowing cases of scarlet fever :—One at Frodsham Lordship, three at Weston, and one at Halton. Kingsley schools had been closed for a further fortnight in ensequence of an extensive outbreak of whooping cough. Over 65 children were known to be affected by the disease.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLE STOWN AND NEWTON.

NEWTON A.F.C.

- - The annual meeting of the Newton Football Club was held last week at the Pied Bull Hotel. In review- ing the season's work the secretary, Mr. Davidson, in his report, said that the Committee did everything in their power last season to get a strong 'team together (even wranging a friendly game with Chester instead of a further trial match), and the result of the first nine league games went to show that their efforts bad not been unsuccessful, In five of them they were beaten by the odd goal. One of the players had always been featly, encouraging others, and never losing heart, always doing his utmost for the village organisation, and always ready to play in any position without demur. This was J. Lucas, who along with Saxon went right through the season with them. The financial statement showed that the total receipts were £147, as against £167 the previous saason. The gate receipts showed a falling off, which was attributed to the fact that Earlestown and Ashton were no longer in the same league as them. On the expenditure side—league expenses and referees% fees were heavy, but they saved on the wages bill, and on the whole thought their deficit compared favourably with previous seasons.—The following officers were elected for the coming season :—President, Mr. Hargreaves; hon. secretary, Mr. Davidson; bon. treasurer, Mr. P. McHardy • committee, Messrs. B. Herds, F. Hargreaves. H. 'Pearson_, C. Middleton ; captain, J. Lucas; vice-captain, EL Fletcher. The following players have been registered : Smith, Griffith; Sergeant, Watkinson, Evans, Lucas, Gardner, Bowker, Holden, Johnson, Fletcher and Smart. 'NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. At Newton, on Thursday last week before Messrs. Wood, Herron and Collingwood. A NEIGHBOURS' Qtriann.Catherine Fahey was summoned for assaulting Agnes M. Ryan, on July 14th, at Houghton-street, Earlestown.—Plaintiff said defend- ant threw a bucketful of such foul stuff over her that it made her ill for two days.—Defendant said she did it because plaintiff had been scandalizing her.—Plaintiff denied this, and the Bench bound defendant over to keep the peace for three months. POLES AT VARIANCE.—John Baratinsky was charged with assaulting and wounding William Miller, in the Ram's Head Vaults, Earlestown, on August 22nd, by hitting him with a glass and cutting his head.—Mrs. Zelansky was sworn to trfferpret the evidence, the parties being Lithuanian Poles working at Haydock Collieres.-:-Plaintiff said he was wounded on the head by the defendant, during a quarrel.—P.C. Lennie said he was called in to stop the disturbance. The parties were taken to the police station, where a wound two inches long, and down to the bone, was found on plaintiff's head. Defendant made a shift to tell the Bench in indifferent English, that the other man hit him first, and he was set upon by " five together on me one, before I hit him with glass I "—Fined 10s. and costs.

ST. HELENS BRASS BAND CEIAMPIO'NSHIP. The St. Helens and District Amateur Brass Band Association heldits fifth annual championship contest on Saturday at Parr, when seven bands entered for the two contests. There was a good attendance. Mr. John Gladney, of Manchester, was the adjudicator. In the march contest the selection being open to each band to choose, Irlam St. John's took first place, the con- ductor being Mr. Jennings, Sutton-road. St. Helens (conductor Mr. Greenwood) was second. The chief event was the selection contest. "Ii Trovatore," a lengthy and difficult piece, was the test. The winning band was the 4th West Lancashire R.F.A. Band, of Liverpool, and the judge said that how the band managed to get through tho selection so credit- ably would alseays be a marvel to him, but they were undoubtedly the best. Mr. Greenwood was the con- ductor of this band, as well as of the three bands next in order of merit. Parr Temperance was second,Raven- head 3rd, Sutton-road 4th, Irlam St. John's sth, Nut- grove (Mr. Hill) 6th, and Moss Bank (Mr. Appleton) 7th. Parr Temperance being the first of the local bands., were awarded the challenge cup offered by the association, and, having won the cup twice before, it now becomes the property of the band.—Mr. T. C. Davies (president) handed the cup to Mr. Lancaster, of Parr Temperance, and said that,although there had been a fairly good attendance, he did not consider that the competition was as well patronised by the public as it ought to have been.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

FAREWELL SnitmoN.—On Sunday evening the Rev. E. J. Gawne preached his farewell sermon in the Wesleyan Chapel, there being a large congregation. The Ray. E. J. Gawne has made a host of friends in Penketh during the two years be has been minister there,and he goes with the best wishes of all. The text of his sermon was taken from the first Epistle of Paul to the Roman's the first part and 12th verso. The sermon was of a most edifying character and was keenly listened to with close attention. A BICYCLE STOLEN.—An impudent theft was perpe- trated at Great Sankey the other evening. A gentleman who had cycled from Warrington to make a call on Mr. Fred Johnson, Bank Villas, left his bicycle in the walk of the garden, and when he was about to leave shortly afterwards he found that the machine had been stolen. The gentleman at once informed the police of the theft, but up to the present nothing has been heard of the machine.

The best of all methods of progression in. Central Africa—however astonishing it may seem—is, accord- ing to Mr. Winston Churchill, in. the "Strand Magazine," the bicycle : In the dry season, the paths through the bush, smoothed by the feet of natives, afford an excellent surface. Even when the track is only two feet wide, and when the densest jungle rises on either side, and almost meets above the head, theloicyclo skims along, swishing through the grass and brush- ing the encroaching bushes, at a fine pace ; and, although at every few hundred yards sharp rocks, loose stones, a water-course, or a steep hill compel dismounting, a good seven miles an hour can usually be maintained. And think what this means. From my own experience I should suppose that with a bicycle twenty-five to thirty miles a day could regularly be covered in Uganda, and if only the porters could keep up, all journeys could be nearly trebled, and every white officer's radius of action proportionately increased. Nearly all the British officers ••Mr. Churchill met already possessed and used bicycles, and even the native chiefs are beginning to acquire them. The motor, we suppoao, is sure to follow—and after it the dust nuisance !

===== 0002601_19080905_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

WARRINGTON v. ST. HELENS.

These teams, met at the Warrington Corporation Baths on Thursday evening in a Liverpool and District League match. In the first half Warrington defended the deep end, and the visitors were soon attacking, Gibbons opening their score. Warrington played up more spiritedly, and Allen, receiving from Sutton, sent in a shot which went too high. St. Helens again attacked, and Gibbons placed a second goal to their credit, which he speedily followed with a third. Walker then opened the score for Warrington with a splendid shot from half may. St. Helens again assumed the aggressive, and A. Barr registered another goal. Ilalf- time arrived with !It. Helens leading by 4 goals to 1. After the interval there was some exciting play. W. Ashton swam three parts the lengths of the bath, but his final shot failed. He was warmly cheered for a splendid effort. The St.Helens goal was hotly assailed, and eventually W. Ashton scored. IVarrington kept up the attack, and Sutton added another goal. Result : St. Helens 4 goals, Warrington 3 goals. A fifty yards handicap for elementary school boys ' resulted as follows :-1, 13. Harding ; 2, S. Watkins 3, S. Cooper. '

JOHN WALKER & CO., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS

PAPER RULERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, DIE STAMPERS, ACCOUNT BOORMAKERg EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, September 5, 1908.

" Brotherhood" Meetings for Men. The opening meeting of the " Brotherhood " formed , in connection with Golborne-street Baptist Church will held to-morrow afternoon at 3.0 p.m. when the President (the Rev. R. E. Letheren) will give an address. A special feature of "The Brotherhood" will he the conversational discussion after each address and the encouragement of the members to take part in the meetings. Owing to lack of accommoda- tion, pending the erection of new premises, a room has been temporarily hired at over No. 5, Regent- street, corner of Legh-street. The room will be available for use on week nights and though at, present the members are bard at work preparing for ' new buildings it is proposed to form at least the nucleus of an Institute. By and by it is hoped to , have large rooms set apart for men and women where ! pleasant evenings can be spent and societies formed for mutual improvement and helpful service. All men are heartily welcome. Orchard Robbers Fined.

At Warrington yesterday, three youths named George Isherwood, of New-road; Oswald Cook, of New-road ; and William Gamble, of Knutsford-road, were charged with stealing a quantity of apples and pears, the property of Mrs. Broadbent, The Hollies, Latchford. Inspector Williamson stated that during the past.few weeks there had been a series of robberies from Mrs. Broadbent's orchard and this week con- siderable damage had been done to valuable trees.l Early that morning Constables Monks and Middleton secreted themselves and saw the defendants enter the orchard and commenced picking fruit off the trees. They gave chase and caught Gamble and the other defendants were arrested at 'their work. Isherwood admitted that on Thursday morning he had five apples, Cook said he had nine and Gamble fourteen.— The Mayor said they were determined to put a stop to that kind of thing and defendants wonld be fined l Os. each.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The Warrington Women's Circle will be opened at Golborne-street Baptist Church, to-morrow at 3 p.m. The School of Art, Technical Institute, Intermediate Technical Institute, and Branch Technical Schools re-open on Monday. Fuller particulars in our adver- tising columns. Under the auspfces of the Christian Endeavour Union a street collection in aid of the Warrington Nursing Association will be made on Saturday next, September 12th. The Rev. A. Walker' of Bradford, will preach the autumnal sermons on Sunday, September 13th, at Rill Ciiffe Baptist Church. -The newly-appointed Wesleyan Superintendent Minister, the Rev. Blanchard-Keeling, will, preach at Bold-street to-morrow morning and evening. On Monday evening a grand organ recital will be given at 8 o'clock by Mr. David Clegg. -Collections in aid of trust funds.

TEA SERVICES Dinner Services, Toilet Ware, Large stock, all prices.—J. S. GARLAND, Iron- monger, Brkige at., Warrington.—Advt. Local Will. The value of the estate of Mr. John Henry Duff, of Newton-road, Newton-le-Willows, and formerly of Leigh, has been declared to be £2,278 gross.

The Infirmary and Dispensary. The Hon. Treasurer begs to acknowledge with thanks, the receipt of the sum of Bs. from Mrs. W. Chalmers, "Pelican Inn," being amount awarded to her by the Beautiful Warrington Society for prizes in 'connection with their Third Annual Exhibition. TRAVELLING TRUNKS, ETC., compare our quality and prices. Dress Baskets from 165.—.3. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. The Pearson and Knowles 'Coal and Iron Co., Ltd. • The directors have decided to recommend the payment of the uusal half-year's dividend at the rate of six per cent, per annum on the preference shares, also a half-year's dividend at the rate of 15 per cent. per annum on the ordinary shares, making 11.1 for the full year, as compared with ten per cent. for the previous year. They also recommend that the capital expenditure for the year be written off out of profits, that £20,000 be added to the reserve fund, and the balance—il2,oB7 carried forward to the next I account.

PUBLIC BENEFLTiIINDER THE CLOCK TOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASKIRE.—AdVt, A Women's Circle. Under the title of Warrington Women's Circle a new evangelical and unsectarian association has been formed with the idea of attracting girls and women and binding them together in spiritual and social work. The first session will be opened to-morrow afternoon at 3 on the premises of the Biptist Church, Golborne-street. Mrs. Few will preside and addresses will be given by Mrs. Dodds (the first president of the Circle) and Mrs. R.E. Letheren (secretary). Miss L. Plinston will sing. Vornen and girls are cordially invited. Wycliffe P.S.A. -

_ The attendance at the meeting of this society on Sunday was good. The Secretary (Ur. B. Farrar) presided, and Mr. James Shaw gave the address upon A Sure Foundation, or, Wise Building." The con- tention was that a good moral life was good, but the greater need was a life influenced by the life of Christ. Mr. C. Cotton read the lesson, and the Rev. J. Yonge offered prayer. Miss Armstrong sang" I need Thee every hour" and "Giver of Life" in a pleasing manner. The .chairman, in inviting the brethren to join in the memorial service to the late Mr. Sankey to be held in the evening, said such a service had a claim upon them, as they had for fifteen years so richly enjoyed Sankey's hymnal in their services. Mr. Payton presided at the organ.

CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES, big reductions.— , J.S. GA.urauso,sl-55,Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. Poaching Boatman and his Family. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Alfred France, Croppers's-brow, was charged with running away from the borough on January 20th, leaving his wife and two children chargeable to the common fund of the Warrington Union.—Mr. A. Bottomley, clerk to the guardians, said prisoner's family had cost the guardians £2l. There had been numerous cases of this description of late, and the guardians asked the bench to make an example of the prisoner.—Sergeant Stuart said the .prisoner gained his livelihood by poaching and working odd days on boats. It was stated that prisoner had been before the court fourteen times previously, three times for neglect of family,— Re was sentenced to three months' hard labour.

PUBLIC BENEFIT:UNDER TRH; CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANOASHIRE:AdFt.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Athletic Successes.

At the Catholic Young Men's Society's Sports at Liverpool on Saturday, Y. R. Moorfield, Warrington, off the nine yards mark secured the second prize in the 160 yards open race, and the same athlete won the 220 yards race, from the 161 yards mark. In the mile flat race at the same sports, G. Watmough, Warring- ton (86) ran into third place. The Warrington athletes were very innch in evidence at the Lincoln sports also held on Saturday. In the half-mile handi- cap, A. Siddall, Warrington A.O, with an allowance of 60 yards, won by six yards in lmin. 55secs. Following on this success he ran third in the one mile handicap. In this race he had a start of 140 yards. In the one mile walking handicap, J. George, with 210 yards and W. H. Price, with 250 yards, were third and fourth respectively. In the furlong race, E. Lightfoot, 18 yards start, was beaten by four yards for first place, while in a sprint of 120 yards the same athlete gained the fourth prize.

TENNIS, CROQUET AND GARDEN REQUISITES.— J. S. GARLAND Ironmonger, Bridge street, Warrington.—Advt: The Late Mr. H. N. Houghton. _

St. James' "Parish Magazine.'" says :—" On Satur- day, August 22nd, at Stockton Heath, there was laid to rest all that was mortal of Hamlet Newell Houghton, wko for many years was well-known and greatly respected in this town and neighbourhood. Mr. Floughton had long been associated with St. James' Church He had been sidesman and churchwarden and at the time of his death he was a member of the Church Council, a lay representative and a manager of the day school. In a variety of other ways he served the Church, cheerfully giving his help in many and different directions. Mr. Houghton was a Church- man of strong and decided opinions, and was entirely sincere and conscientious. Religion to him was the. thing of first importance. He loved the Church, and had a strong realization of the grace of the sacraments, and so every Sunday and Holy Day bond him at the Eucharist a faithful and most devoted ' reverent worshipper. Mr. Houghton had suffered from a long and painful illness sad for nearly a year had been completely invalided. The end came on August 19th, when he passed quietly away. 'May he rest in peace." PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER rosa CLOCK FON BNST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Warrington Band of Hope Union. A special meeting of the Council and workers of the Warrington Band of Hope Union was held at Gregory's Cafe on Tuesday evening presided over by Mrs. James Dodds, President of the Union. Mr. W. Chandos Wilson attended as a deputation from the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union to explain in detail the "Forward Movement " about to be inaugurated by the Counties Union. Mr. Wilson in a vigorous and enthusiastic address set forth very plainly the principal features of the movement which comprise: (1) a great effort to double the-membership of Bands of Hope and Juvenile Temperance Societies to be accomplished by house to house canvass, laying the claims of total abstinence Wore the inhabitants, the object being to reach the many thousand children who are at present outside the societies,to pledge them against strong drink and so prevent them becoming victims of intemperance. (2) A great financial effort to raise a sum of money to ensure the continuance of temperance teaching in day schools and liquidate other liabilities of the Counties Union. The whole project is to be fully lanitched at a great gathering of i representatives of every society n the two counties, which number over 2,000, to be held in the Free Trade Hall, Manchester, on Saturday, October 10th, 1908. At the close Of Mr. Wilson's address, the president (Mrs. Dodds) xpressed her approval of the scheme and emphasised the necessity of endeavouring to prevent the rising generation from drifting into the evil habits of intemperance. A resolution pledging the Warrington Band of Hope Union to do all in its power to help on the" Forward Movement" was pro- posed by Mr. Muir, seconded by Mr. Dale and supported by Rev. J. S. Hughes, Mr. W. Wright, Mr, Hamblett and Mr. Jones, after which a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Wilson for his address, and Mrs. Dodds for presiding. The singing of the Doxology brought a very enthusiastic gathering to a close.

- - -

===== 0002601_19080905_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Charley's Aunt."

Everybody has heard of " Chatley's Aunt from Brazil, where the nuts come from.' Most people have seen her, and the majority are \not averse to see. hag her again. ,We don't know how long Brandon Thomas's side-splitting farce has been running, but it does not seem to decrease one iota in popularity. Personally, we had not seen the 'estimable aunt for about a dozen years until Monday evening, when we found her at the Royal Court Theatre looking as hearty as ever and "still running," with the infatuated spettigue in full chase behind. We hardly need recount her adventures here, they are surely sufficiently well-known by now. The company, which is from the Royalty Theatre, London, is an exception- ally strong one and gives an exhilarating present- ment of the' farce. Mr. G. A. Seeger plays the dual roles of Lord Fancourt Babberley and " Charley's Aunt" as if they had become second nature to him. As the lady from Brazil, Donna Lucia d'Alvadorez, he not only makes up capitally, but dis- plays a sprightliness and comicality suggestive of W. S. Penley himself. The audience roared again and again with laughter at the predicaments Charley's Aunt finds " herself " in at the result of the conduct of those two reckless "undergrads," Jack Chesney and Charley Wykeham (Mr. Hastings Lynn and Mr. Basil Lynton). These two both infuse the necessary amount of "go" into their parts and nothing lags while they are on the stage. The two girls who are the innocent cause of all the mischief and mirth, Kitty Verdun and Amy Spettigne,' are represented by Miss Olivia Glynn and Miss Grace Russell. Their parts are not particularly exacting, but they are inter- preted with a natural charm and grace which contrast pleasantly with the boisterous fun going on all around. Mr. Roy Byford gives an exception 11 y 'clever study of the love-sick Spettigue in his chase after the elusive Donna Lucia and her millions. Equally good is Mr. McCausland Stewart, as Colonel Sir Francis Chesney, Bart., the retired Indian officer who enters for the same prize, but retires after the first heat and finds an old sweetheart in the real Donna Lucia (Hiss Vera Gerald) when that striking lady eventually turns up. Miss Gerald and Miss Evelyn Gray (as Ela Delahay) both acquit themselves with credit. The part of Brasset, the solemn visaged college scout, is played with rare skill by Mr. Sidney Compton. The farce is handsomely staged and dressed,and appeals to all with the freshness of a first season.

There 18 a curtain raiser each evening entitled "The Lancashire Sailor," also by Brandon Thomas, but we cannot compliment the author upon his incursion into the realm of cheap sentiment. " The Lancashire Sailor" seems incongruous all through, and Jr. Hastings Lynn, in the ti/le role, has difficul- ties with the Lancashire dialect which one can sympathise with. The curtain-raiser has the single merit of malting one feel sufficiently miserable to welcome " Charley's Aunt" with a glad heart.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAHME.

Next week Mr. Tom H. Taylor'i company will present Walter Melville's great dramatic success from the 'Royal Adelphi Theatre, London, "The Worst Foman in London." Ur. Melville is the author of many successful plays and "The Worst Woman in London" has proved very popular. The company includes Miss Sidney Crowe who will appear in the leading part of Frances Vera "the worst woman in London,' and there will be many sensational incidents including the escape of the heroine from a burning building by means of a telephone wire.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF C.E. TEACHERS. Warrington District Branch.

A meeting in connection with the above Society was held on Tuesday in Heath Side School, when the mem- bers present were told how the society was progressing throughout the country, together with its aims and aspirations. Mr. STANSFIELD the president af the locial branch, in introducing Mr. Scott, who gave an address, said , that as our representative on the-National Council, he had done splendid work in every way, and that as organising secretary for the whole Council, Mr. Scott had probably done much more work than he was physi- cally fit for hut that it must be very gratifying to him to know that the society is no or on a thoroughly good business footing; that new branches were forming everywhere ; that the Executive of the National Union of Teachers has shown that it has been influenced by its formation in its treatment of Church School questions, while the N.U.T. has acknowledged that the new body is not in opposition to itself, by the two sets of officials acting in conjunction in many ways. Also it was his (Mr. Stanstleld's) opinion, that some reason for the dropping of the last Eduo ition Bill might probably be found in the awakening of the Church Teachers in thus banding together to protect their , Interests: which were admittedly often diverse from those of teachers generally. , Mr. SCOTT in his address said that there were 65 branches of the Church Council in existence, comprising a membership of over 4,000, without including branches joining lately, and others on the point of formation. fie wished most strongly to emphasise the fact that the i Church Council was not n opposition to the National Union of Teachers as evidenced by the fact that the N.U.T. offices are lent for the transaction of Church Council business, and that the N.U.T. officials are accepting and giving help to the elucida- tion of cases of hardship to Church teachers, which had been investigated partly or wholly by the Church Council's officials. lie defended the formation of the society by citing the fact that under the Education Act of 1902, Church Teachers whose schools were closed by any education authority could be dis- missed absolutely, while by the same Act,those teachers working in any Board or Council school, must, in the event of the school being closed, be re-instated in some position of equal value to that lost. (And this distinc- tion became more alarming still to Church teachers under the "Contracting out" clause of the late Education Bill). But the N.U.T. Executive was com- posed almost solely of Council school teachers who naturally champion their own interests to the exclusion of those teaching in "Voluntary" schools. Then at the Same time if they considered that 128 Church schools had been closed during the last five years includ- ing appointments of over 300 head teachers, many of whom were unable to obtain a situation at all equal in value to that lost, while others had to leave the profession, they must see the necessity of some Society to look after their special interests in addition to the He hoped that the Church Council need not be a permanent institutionl but that it would be, necessary until the " non-provtded " Church schools 1 were part of a National System with one class of school only. lie considered, denominational teaching to be necessary from a national point of view, but that Church school management must change. In his opinion settlement is possible, if all teachers appointments be in the hands of the Education Committee ; but that such appointments must from a religious standpoint, be in accordance with the views of the parents in each school area. In conclusion, he hoped that the members present would make their influence fell bath in the interests of the Church Council and also in strengthen- ing the hands of Church teachers as far as the N,U.T. Executive um concerned.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE AT MESSRS, RYLANDS' WORKS Four Engines at Work. £2,000 DAMAGE

Considerable excitement was caused in Warrington at 3.45 yesterday afternoon by the news that a fire had broken out at the works of Messrs. lands' Bros. . Ltd., wire manufacturers, Church-street. Hundreis • of people hurried to the scene and Church-street was soon impassable. It appears that the fire broke out in the wheel race in the oldest portion of the wire i drawing department, and friction s supposed to be the cause. A number of workmen saw smoke issuing from the box which covers the wheel and on raising the lid flames belched forth. The fire spread with ' such great rapidity that three floors of the block of buildings which is sixty yards long and four storeys high were involved in a few minutes. Information was telephoned to the Fire Station and the Brigade turned out very promptly with the engines " Captain "and " Major ' under the direc- tion of Superintendent Turner. Deputy-Superintendent Turner is employed at the works and he devoted his efforts to directing the works firemen who got their own appliances to work from the steam pumps and helped to keep the fire in check until the arrival of the Borough Brigade. As the outbreak assumed serious proportions telephonic messages were sent to the other local brigades, and the Wilderspool men in charge of Superintendent Croughton and Crosfield's brigade under the direction of Engineer Whitby were shortly on the scene. The whole of the warehouses and buildings adjoining the wire drawing department were in considerable danger and it was also feared that the outbreak would extend to the engine house, in which event the whole of the works would have been stopped. The firemen, however, worked magnificently and succeeded in confining the flames to the one black of buildings. Their task was a difficult one owing to the situation of this department, which is in the centre of the work 3, and they are to be complimented on preventing a disastren't conflagration. As it was the two rooms devoted to wiredrawing were burnt out and the stock of bright wire in the warehouse was greatly damaged by water. In addition a number of wiredrawers' tools were rendered useless by the great heat. It was fortunate that the electric wires by which, the whole of the works are supplied with light and power were not damaged. Fred Clegg, a fireman in the Warrington brigade, met with an unfortunate accident. lle was manipu. ' lating a hose pipe from the roof of an adjoining build- ing when a slate fell across his left hand and severely cut the forefinger and thumb. Ire was at once taken to the Infirmary and his injury was attended to. By about five o'clock the fire was well in hand but a contingent of the Warrington brigade remained on the premises for a considerable time in case of emergency. The damage, which is covered by insur- ance, is roughly estimated at £2,003. It is probable that thirty or forty hands will temporarily ha thrown out of work.

WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY COURT. __— Friday.—Before :qr. Registrar Ridgway. COMMERCIAL TRAVELLER'S FAlLURE.—Willianl Scott, 39, Orford-road, Warrington, commercial traveller, lately residing at 115, Red Earth-road,Darwen, and formerly carrying on business under the style or firm of William Scott and Co., at Norfolk-street works, Darwen. as a colour manufacturer, appeared for his pullic examination. The statement of affairs disclosed liabilities amounting to £94 14s. and assets totalling £lo2s. Gd., leaving a dafi;iency of £75 us. Gd. Debtor attributed his insolvency to inability to realize his mortgaged property, and pressure by the mortgagees. He accounted for his deficiency by the deprecia- tion of the premises known *as Norfolk-street works, Darwen, which he purohased in 1902 for £930 and which he now valued at £034 10s., being merely a pro forral valuation equal to the amount of the mortgage debts. The debtor stated that he commenced business as a colour manufacturer at the Norfolk-street works, Dar wen, in 1902, with £lOO free capital, being £269 in cash and £llO the value of an equity in a dwelling-house. He traded under the style of William Scott and Co. On Bth October, 1901, the debtor assigned his business to the School Brow Colour Com- pany, Ltd., of Warrington, for £l3O, payable as to £ll5 in cash, and as to £285 by the allotment to the debtor of 2S Cl fully paid ordinary shares in the com- pany. The debtor at the same time also entered into an agreement for service with the Company as general manager, and he stated that he had acted in that capacity since at a salary of £2OO a year. He first became aware of his insolvency in Fehuary 1938.—The debtor was examined at some length by Mr. Johnson, assistant official receiver. He stated that there was a judgment summons against him at the instance of the Trinity Sick Society, Darwen, for £7OO and he was ordered to pay it off at the rate of £2 a week. He had an income of £2OO as manager of the Colour Company.—ln answer to Mr. Cawley, , barrister, who represented the Trinity Sick Society, debtor admitted that he had made no effort to pay the £2 a week. He could not possibly do so. It took fully £2OO a year to keep the household going and he could not manage on any less.—The examination was adjourned until October 2nd.

Coin DEALER'S CASE.—The next case was that of John Emmess, 2, Parr-street, Warrington, coal dealer, whose statement of affairs showed liabilities amounting to £4fi3 10s. 6d. and assets of £32 Bs. 6d., leaving a deficiency of .R 431 2s. Bankrupt attributed his insolv- ency to bad trade, lack of capital, comretition, loss by death and sales of horses, interest on loans from money lenders. lie commenced business as a coal dealer and carter in October, 1993 with £23 cash capital and a horse and lurry which he had purchased previously, and he purchased the good will of the bagging round from his father for £23. Since February, bankrupt admitted that he had sold the bulk of his chattel assets, including a horse, two lurries, a cart and a piano, for an aggregate sum of £3O, of which sum £l5 was deposited to file his patition and the remainder had been spent in his business. The bankrupt also sold a governess car for £l7 10s. to a creditor who did not pay for it, but claimed to retain the amount against a contra account of RCO. Bankrupt stated that he had not kept any books of account whatever, and that he had never while in business prepared any statement of his accounts and liabilities. He first became aware of his insolvency in March, 1903, and had contracted debts since then in the I hope of trade improving.—Examined by the assistant I Official Receiver, bankrupt strongly denied that his failure was brought about by drinking habits, and conse- quent neglect of business affairs.—The examination was closed.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD HOCKEY CUB. Fixtures 1908-9.

FIRST TEA3I.

1938. Sep. 23 Oct. 3 Crewe Parmanent,Way home 10 Winuington 17 Weaste 24 Bury 31 Preston away Nov. 7 Widnes home 14 Sale Moor 21 Westbrook 28 Altrincham St. George's home Dec. 5 Clayton 12 Waterloo 19 Eccles 20 1939. Jan. 2 Weaste 9 Bankfield 13 Widnes 23 Liverpool University , home 30 Altrinchs.m St. George's away Feb. 6 Clayton away 13 Waterloo 20 Winnington away 27 Westbrook liar. 6 Sale Moor 13 Eccles 20 Preston home 27 Crewe Permanent Way away Apl. 3 Bankfteld 10 Bury SECOND TEAM.

1909. • Sep. 2G Oxton "B " Oct. 3 New Brighton away . 10 Winnington 17 Ashley 21 Bury 31 Preston home Nov. 7 Widnes 14 21 Stockport away 28 Altrincham fzit. George's away Dec. 5 Clayton away 12 Manchester Y.NI.C.A home 19 Eccles ... '' away

2G 1909. Jan. 2 Preston away 9 13ankfield 1G Stockr how Wa,

- way ,rt. home

_ •port 23 Orzton "B"

-Y 30 Altrincham St. George's home Feb. 0 Clayton home 13 Manchester Y.M.C.A away 20 Winnington home

.nntngton — '27 Widnes home Mar. 6 Ashley . away 13 Eccles 20 Bury 27 New Brighton home Apr. 3 Backfield home

===== 0002601_19080905_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIGAN DISASTER.

---- Mayor of Warrington's Shilling Fund.

The followin,g subscriptions to this fund have been received up to last night : a. Amounts previously acknowledged 843 • Mrs. G. J. Crosfield, Colwyn Bay Mrs. H. and Miss H 2OO E. Timmins and Sons, Ltd., Runcorn lO5 W. SI J. Richardson lOO Collected at Conservative Club— " A Friend F. G. Bennett lO James Houghton F. Short C Holland Mr. Sangster Ivan Fulton-Smith 3.11. 3.3., T.J.G. 3s. E.A.C. 2s. 6d., J.P. 2 ' ,3. Gd. S.M.D. 2s. A.S. is., C.E.H. Is., G.H.S. is., J.P. Is., P.G. is., J.B.P. Is., P.F. is., H.T. Is., P.W. Is., J.L.A. Is., P.S. 15.... 24 80 The Servants at Walton Hall 34 Collected in Warrington M trket J. Crostield and Sons, Ltd., " Employees Cement Department" Arthur Down R.A.0.8., G.L.E., "Golden Fleece" Lodge, No. 134, Blue Bell Hotel 25 Workmen of the Paving and Sewerage Committee . 2l The Employes of Win. Long and Sou 24 Mrs. Thomas Tunstall James Newton 2l Thomas Grime 2l H. B. White & Sons 2l W. H. Hughes 21 John Hatublett C. W. Davenport and Sons 2l Henry Roberts... Robert Lee H. Grosvenor Mrs. Briggs Customers of the " Mason's Arms," Mill Street, per W. H. Moore (Ist instal.) 10 Oddfellows of" Garibaldi" Lodge Councillor W. B. Roberts lO Councillor Ashcroft . lO Mrs. William Roberts Mrs. I'. Jenks Councillor Rogers A.M.R. M. Si; H. Councillor Hawthorn.. W. H. Stanfield Margaret H. Warburton Mrs. James Newton Councillor Ball Under ss. :—D.C.P. 3s.,The Maids 35., E.B. 25., G.G. 25., 0.11. 23., E.EI.W. Is., W.T. Is., M.B. is., S.G.W., Is. 5.11. Is l3 2035

CONCERT Al' THE WARRINGTON HIPPODROME. A grand sacred concert under the patronage of the Mayors of Wigan and Warrington (Alderman Sam. Woods and Alderman Smethurst) and the Direators of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Ltd., will b 3 given on Sunday, September I3th,at the Warrington Palace and Hippodrome and the proceeds will be given to the widows' and orphans' fund. The concert will commence at eight o'clock.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARNING TO TElt PUBLIC.

The Mayor has received the following letter from the Mayor of IVigan : The Nfayor's Parlour, Wigan,3lst August, 1903. Dear Sir,—Maypole Colliery Disaster Relief Fund. Informa- tion is continually reaching 03 of persons publicly soliciting contributions on behalf of the above in many towns. should be glad if you would ask your police to take steps to sea that such persons are authorized collectors, as we have reason to believe that the generous public are being imposed on 'by professional beggars The Relief Committee has taken steps to relieve all sufferers, including those out of employment, in consequence of the disaster, and there is no justificz- tion for individual begging. I would suggest that no person be allowed to collect in your district unless authorized by yourself on behalf of the fund.—Yours faithfully,

SA.NI WODD, Mayor. CO-OPERATIVE HELP.

At the half-yearly meetings of the Co-operative Wholesale Society which will be held at various centres on September 12 and at Nl:in:Amster on September 19,the Shareholding Societies are to be asked to sanction a vote of £1,030 towards the relief of the distress caused by the NI typole Colliery disaster. A farther sum of £2,000, making £1,003 in all, is to be asked for to help to relieve the distress in the North of England.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
PROHIBITION IN THE STATES.

Oklahozni Mixes :Drinks.

THIRSTY MEN LOOK ON TEARFULLY

AS DRINK GOES INTO SEWER

Guthrie, Okla., Aug. I.—[Special.]--" What would they do with a fellow if he should put a tin cap under the end of that trough and get a drink of booze ? " The question was propounded by a Chicago travelling salesman as he watched the State Liquor Dispensary officials here during the last week emptying bottle after bottle, keg after keg, and gallon after gallon of boors, wines, and whiskies into a wooden trough, twelve feet long, that carried the liquor into a sewer. The different liquors mixed in the trough and flowed as one into the manhole, while the scent was wafted by the breeze for blocks down the street and caused still greater thirsty crowds to gither and watch the destruction.

The Chicago man's question remained unanswered. It was too solemn an occasion for the majority of those who were watching to talk. Some of them looked up expectantly, thinking perhaps that the problem might be solved so all of them could run for their tin cups. Finally, in desperation, the Chicago man cried aloud : " Will some one please tell me how I can get a drink ?"

- "Go see a doctor," was the reply of a bystander. " If there's anything about you that he can find that needs liquor as a medicine, you can got a prescription that will get you the whisky." Other travelling men had gathered, for the hour of emptying the liquor was comparatively early, and they were coming from breakfast at the hotel. It was a thoroughly disheartened crowd that heard the by-stander's answer' and there were tears in the voice of the man who spoke : " Well, that's the first time I ever saw anything as wicked as that." INFERIOR. "Booze" SPILLED. The liquors being destroyed had been confiscated by State and County officials throughout the State and shipped to dispensary headquarters in Guthrie. All of it had been examined and found to be below the State's standard for medicinal purposes, and under the pro- visions of the Billups prohibition law, it must be destroyed. Altogether there were 30,000 pint bottles of beer emptied, twenty-five kegs, several dozen cases of whisky and wines, and an occasional bottle of champagne. At one time, in fact, and it happened while the crowd of travelling men gathered, five kegs of beer, a big jug of whisky, a demijohn of wine, one of gin and several of beer, were flowing into the trough at the same time.

Down in the cellar, underneath the state dispensary building, an employs of the state is engaged in an apparently endless job of sorting real beer that has been seized in the raids from the other that is below the standard. Each bottle the man shakes and then holds it up to the light. If a cloud is visible ha throws the bottle to one side, as it is worthless. The bottles of good beer he places in another pile to be relabelled and sent out to the various local dispensaries throughout I the state to be sold for medicine only. The unpacking of the barrels of beer revealed many interesting things. In one instance the top of a barrel contained only a cheap grade of "tin top," while the lower portion was stored with a well-known brand of beer. Another barrel had a few bottles of near beer on top and below were cards, poker chips, and a jug of whisky. Still downward were located several dozen bottles of good beer. Such a great amount of the confiscated " bootleg " article of liquors had collected in the cellar that it became necessary to have a day of spilling in order to make room for the results of other raids.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
DITAIPING TIIE BOTTLED BEER.

Different methods are employed in emptying the many thousand bottles that are collected in raids. At the rear of the dispensary building a table with numerous holes bored in its top stands over a manhole. Several men are employed in palling corks and from them other men take the uncorked, foaming bottles and thrust the necks downward through the holes in the table's top. Here the bottles remain until thoroughly drained into the manhole beneath. the empty bottles are then stored away to be sold by the State for what- ever they will bring. Evidently the state expects the breweries to pur- chase the empty bottles, and there are enough empties on hand now at the dispensary to bring in revenue, at the prevailing price for empty bottles, enough funds to pay the salaries of several employs. Ia fact, it is said, this is the only portion of the state dispensary system that is providing anything like self-supporting.—From the San Francisco " Call."

===== 0002601_19080905_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. J. A. SEDDON M.P.

AT PENKETH.

: •

===== 0002601_19080905_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Tariff Reform No Remedy for Trade

Depression.

iMr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. addressed a public meeting in the Infants' School, Penketh, on Saturday evening. The gathering was to take place on the Recreation around, but the unfavourable weather compelled an adjournment indoors. Mr. J. Faulkner presided over a fair attendance, aud was supported by Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., Councillor Radford (Buttonwood), and Dr. • Lathora (Earlestown.) Councillor Radford said the spirit of unity and brotherhood had begun to bind together the workers of the country, and if the growth of the Labour party con- tinued as hitherto, the two old-fashioned parties would become but dwarfs in comparison, and would have to give up that absolute control of the affairs of govern- ment which they had for centuries monopolised. The work which the Labour members had achieved in so short a time had been nothing short of marvellous, and their presence in the House had had a most vital and beneficial effect on the working classes. By their per- sistency they had forced the party in cline to introduce legislation for the good of the worker, and once it was introduced they had strenuously endeavoured to get the best possible results for the working classes. They had done a great deal towards converting the House of Commons from the gas works into the workshop of the nation. (Applause) Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., who had a hearty reception, said the work of the last session had been much more beneficial than many people who simply took their politics from the newspapers would be led to believe. They had had discussions upon the proposals of the Licensing Bill and the Old Age Pensions Bill but several vital Bills which had either received the Royal assent or were awaiting their last stages in the autumn session had to some extent beau ignored. There was the children's Bill or

JUVENILE OFFENDERS' BILL. Ile was more than pleased that the Bill had progressed so far. It would be a safeguard to unfortunate children who might be found gailty of small petty larcenies. The way they had been treated in the past was a dis- grace to civilization. If the parent were poor, the boy had received a term of imprisonment and had been compelled to mix and fraternise with hardened criminals, with the result that very often the innocent boy who had committed a theft from love of sport or even hunger, had become a confirmed criminal. Under the Children's Bill that system would be done away with and there would be homes of detention where boys and girls would be taught habits of thrift and honesty. The

TOWN PLINNING BILL was a great step in advance of the old clumsy method which had hitherto been followed in building towns. Nlen whose only concern had been the making of profit had been allowed to build all sorts of hovels and to-day we had in England probably the greatest blot contained in any civilized country, so far as slams were concerned. The Town Planning Bill would give us healthier houses and better streets, and enable us to have some little beauty in towns as well as in the country. With regard to the

OLD AGE PENSIoNS BILL, even those who did not subscribe whole heartedly to the Labour party's programme would admit that the scheme had been considerably improved by the presence of the Labour party in the House of Commons. He noticed that the Tory Wain, Sir Ackland Hood, in a speech the previous took day credit to the Tory party for two amendment which had certainly improved the measure. The first question related to old married couples. He (Ir. Seddon) thought it was a very hard thing to assume that a couple living together at seventy years of age ought to be cantent with 7s. 6d. between' them whereas if they had been living apart they would have been entitled to ss. each. That was a serious blot on the scheme and the Labour party moved and succeeded in carrying an amendment whereby the old couple who had reached the age of seventy would be entitled to the full IN. between them. Now the Tory party had the audacity to claim the credit for it when all they did was to vote with the Labour party not for any love for the aged couple but because they wanted to get in a blow against the Government. Therefore they voted as a matter of party policy and not out of consideration for the interests of the aged poor. The other question was that of a man who had been thrifty and had saved a certain amount. Under the original form of the Bill, the man who had saved 10s. Id. a week from Friendly Societies or any other agency would not be entitled to any share in the pension scheme. He was glad the Labour party moved anct carried a graduated scheme whereby the man who had saved 10s. would be entitled to nn additional as., if he had saved Ils. to 45., 12s. to 35., 13s. to 25., and 14s. to Is., making 15s. the maximum. This was work done by the Labour party, and while looking superficially they might say that little had been done in the past session, if only the Acts to which he had referred were applied in the proper spirit, it wonld be a greater advance in social reform than any that had been attempted by other Governments during the last twenty years. (Applause).

' TIIE OUTLOOK AT PRESENT was not over-promising. We had discovered not only in this country but in Germany and America that the ebb and flow of depression in trade could overmouut the bnlwarks of Free frade or Protection. We were told by the tariff reformers that all our social ills would fade away if we adopted their nostrum. Lady Gerrard, speaking at a Primrose League meeting, made a very pretty speech—he might call it an essay—in which she said that what we wanted to do was to make the foreigner pay our rates and taxes and that we were to find work for our unemployed. That was a very enuring picture and if tariff reform would secure such advantages, the Free Trader would stand condemned as an enemy to his class and to his country. We knew from the experience of other countries that tariff reform was not the salvation of the worker. It was the very opposite. In Germany and America they were suffering from depression much more acute than we had in this country at the present time. We knew to some extent the causes of the depression we were suffering. The South African war was one of the wicked means of wasting money which brought about those periods of depression which came under Free Trade or Protection. fariff reform only aggravated social evils. Mr. Seddon pointed out Ithat a recent enquiry in Germany had shown that the German worker paid on the average 25 per cent, more in rent, received 18 per cent, less in wages, worked longer hours, and paid 15 to 25 per cent, more for food. Although it might have been said truthfully twenty- live years ago that Germany was the cheapest country to live in, to-day it was the dearest. If tariff reform benefited anyone, continued Nlr. Seddon, it was either the trustmonger or the landlord, lie could quite under- stand the landlords and the royalty lords asking for tariff reform, but he could not understand any working man giving his adherence to that policy. What was needed was an equitable system of taxation, so that by means of graduated income tax or increased death duties the community would be able to participate in the wealth they had created. At present the income of 5,000,00) of our population was greater thla that of the remaining 38,000,000. It was

A PRRFECT SCANDAL and a dishonest transaction that men who had done nothing to improve land and enhance its value should be able to levy tribute and toll on the activities of the people. He agreed with the taxation of land values as being equitable and right. Mr. Seddon instanced how the wealth of the Derby family had been enhanced by the growth and activity of the community which had increased the value of land and also gave a telling illustration of how the Duke of Bedford had reaped a large earn from a public improvement in London. The land belonged to the people by Divine law and human law and he looked forward to the time when it would be restored to its rightful owners. The Government's LICENSING DILL, said Mr. Seddon, was a wise, strong, statesmanlike effort to regain for the people their right with regard to the control of the drink monopoly. The future of the markets of the world would be with the temperate people, and it was wise statesmanship not to rob the people of their beer, but to educate them that too much indulgence in drink was not only destructive to their home happiness, but to the man as a wealth producer: He gave all credit to the late Colonel Pilkin,gton for what he bad done by the provisions of his will in regard to his own estate, but surely if it was within the right of a private landlord to say that there should be no public-houses on his estate, the community as a' whole ought to have an equal right to say whether they would or would not have public-houses. (Applause.) Mr. Foden moved a resolution expressing confidence in Mr. Seddon and declaring that no effective improve- ment could be secured except through a strong demo- cratic party in the House of Commons working to curb the monopoly in drink and land and secure through equitable taxation relief from the social ills which were a blot upon our national honour. Mr. Clay seconded and the resolution was carried unanimously. Dr. Lathom also addressed the meeting and expressed his pleasure that the Labour party had not had to resort to sports and alcoholic drinks for the purpose of cap- turing votes. The privileged classes could see the handwriting on the wall which declared that the day of land monopoly and mining royalties was coming to an ead. If a tithe of the money which the idle and luxurious people used was employed in research and investigation such calamities as the Abram disaster would be a thing of the past. A vote of thanks was accorded to the speakers on the proposition of the Chairman seconded by Mr. Loxley.

IF THE EYES have a tired sensation, if troubled With habitual headache, if the eyes cannot stand the light, get the sight tested by JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight Specialist, 81, Bridge-street, Warrington. ILow charges. Satisfaction guaranteed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

THE HOWLEY BRIDGE SCHEME.

Lively Discussion.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) presiding- There were also present :—Xldermen A. Bennett, T. Burton, L. Ellison, John Evans, W. Pierpoint, D. Tinnion ; Councillors T. H. Ashcroft, .1.8111. T. Barton, W. Benson, J. Broadhurst, T. Chantler, J. G. Craik, E. Cunnington, .1. Dickenson, James Evans, J. Hawthorn. Dr. Joseph, J. J. Nield, .1. Pemberton, W. B. Roberts, W. Rogers, J. Sankey, H. Singleton. J. Skelland, T. S. Steel, J. Fulton-Smith, 0. Toole, J. Wilkinson, W. J. Wilson ; Messrs. J. L. Whittle (town clerk), A. T. Holloway deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), J. Dens (water engineer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), F. V. L. Mathias (electrical engineer), J. M. Murray (director of education), and Dr. J. C. Hibbert (medical oflicer).

===== 0002601_19080905_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. JOHN MAGINN.

The 51Avoit said it was his painful duty to have to announce the death of a former member of the Council, namely, Mr. John 'Magian. His Worship then moved a resolution to the effect that the Council received with deep regret the announcement of Mr. Magion's death, and sympathized with the widow and family in their bereavement. It was, his Worship said, a matter of regret that Mr. Maginn should have been taken away in the prime •f life. Alderman Bets:NETT seconded. He said that,althongh he differed materially on many points with Mr. Maginn, particularly in political matters, he had formed a very high opinion of his integrity and ability, and recog- nized that he was animated by a desire to serve the best interests of his adopted town. They had had the frequent pleasure of having the proceedings of the Council enlivened by his ready Irish wit and genial nature which were not the least among his endearing characteristics. His loss would be long felt, not only in that Council Chamber,but in the town, and be would leave behind him a name which would always be remembered with respect. The resolution was carried in silence, all the members sanding.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR STOTT'S DEPARTURE.

Alderman BErsrxr said be was not present at the last meeting of the Council, and, although he might be out of order, he should like to say a few words, and a few words only, with reference to Councillor Stott, who had left the town. They had all learnt to admire him very highly for his whole-hearted zeal, especially in the cause of the class he so ably represented, and for his enthu- siastic loyalty to the town which he loved and sincerely desired to serve. (Hear, hear.) He (Alderman Bennett) wished him every prosperity in the distant country in which he would make his future home. (Hear, hear.) INCREASE OF SALARY.

At a meeting of the Finance and Estate Committee, it was resolved that the salary of Mr. J. Houghton, chief clerk in the Borough Treasurer's Department, be increased from RHO to ..£175 per annum as from the 42 sth inst. The minutes of the committee were approved, on the motion of Alderman BENNETT, seconded by Councillor WILKINSON.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SILVER-STREET SCHOOLS.

At a meeting of the Street Improvement and Light- ing Committee an application from Mr. E. J. Guest on behalf of the Managers of Silver-street school to pur- chase from the Corporation rpiece of land in Silver- street large enough for w.c.'s was considered and refused. •

--- - Councillor HAWTHORN asked for an explanation of the refusal. He understood that the Board of Educa- tion had condemned the present sanitary conveniences and the managers had no land on which to erect new ones. If the matter was not attended to the schools would be condemned and it would mean a great expense to the Corporation IA they would have to provide a new school to accommodate 1,000 children. ' Councillor EVANS promised that if the matter was brought forward at another meeting of the Committee it would be fully gone into. SMOKE NUISANCE.

At a meeting of the Health Committee a letter was read from Miss Broadbent with reference to the nuisance caused by the emission of black smoke.. Councillor EVANS moved, and Alderman Btrirrox seconded, the passing, of the minutes. Alderman BENNETT expressed the hope that Mks Broadhent's letter would not be overlooked. Councillor EVANS replied that it was considered by the committee and a courteous answer was sent to Miss

Broadbent pointing out that the committee were deal- ing with the question on what they deemed to be fair lines without unduly hampering the traders of the town. ((lear, hear). The minutes were approved, including those contain- ing the scheme for the medical inspection of school children, and the new regulations for, slaughterhouses.

PRICE OF GAS REDUCED. At a meeting of the Gas Committee it was resolved that the price of gas be reduced by the sum of 2d. per 1,000 feet as from the Ist November next. Alderman PIERPOINT in moving the confirmation of the minutes, said the alteration of price meant,* reduc- tion of £2,650 per annum in tha revsnue. The prices now charged would be :—For the ordinary consumers 2s. 2d., for the larger consumers 2s. Id., and for especially large consumers 2s. The charge for power gas would be reduced from Is. Bd. to Is. 6d. He hoped the Council would unanimously confirm the minutes. Their profits in 1907 were £15,593, and they devoted to the relief of the rates a sum of £11,500, and transfered to the reserve account .£4,003, bringing up the reserve account to £lO,OOO. He contended that a reduction iu the price of gas meant increased consumption for lighting purposes, and would encourage the use of gas cookers and gas fres, both of which meant less smoke and a drawing nearer to the ideals of Alderman Bennett. The Connell should encourage that phase of the question as much as possible. (Hear, hear.) The reduction in the price of gas was a move in the night direction, (Hear, hear.) The Gas Committee had been making too large a prat, and the time had therefore arrived when the general consumers should share in it Alderman EVANS seconded.

Councillor SINGLETON said there was no doubt that the more they reduced the price of gas the more gas they would sell. The profits would be tbe same, and yet the consumer would get a benefit. The Corporation would lose nothing by the reduction. That had been proved in other towns. Councillor PEMBERTON said he hoped the Gas Com- mittee would allow those Rho used slot meters to participate in the reduction, because they were a large body of consumers. He was pleased to see that the price had come down for power also, and he belleved the profits of the Gas Committee would he increased in the long run. There was no town to approach Widnes in the matter of gas, and it was found there that by constantly reducing the price the more gas was used. Warrington was a working community, and most of the inhabitants were woi king men, and if they wished to find work for the rising generation and get works introduced into the town there must be reduc- tions in these and other ways. 'Warrington would compare favourably with any town in England with respect to electricity for power purposes, and if gas was placed on the same footing there was no reason why new works should not be brought to the town. (Hear, hear). The minutes were approved. THE WATER SUPPLY. • RAPID INCREASE IN CONSUMPTION.

Alderman EVANS proposed the adoption of the Water Committee's minutes, and said the Committee had resolved to instruct the Engineer to report upon the high level supply of water and the advisability of pro- viding some method of relieving the same. This was in consequence of the rapid increase iry the consumption of water. When the system was stalled in 1900 it was estimated that by 1918 they would require a supply of 170,000 gallons per day. Already they required double the quantity and had,. ten years to go. lhe demand at present was 330,000 gallons per day. The revenue from domestic water had increased from £1,003 in 1902 to £2,416 in 1908.- The question of the high level supply was a very important one and the Committee were going into it thoroughly to see if they could get out of a possible difficulty in the future. Councillor Ilourats seconded, and the minutes were adopted.

THE HOWLEY BRIDGE SCHEKE. DISAGREEMENT AS TO SITE

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, the following resolution of the Bridges Sub-committee was read :—' Resolved, that the Council be recommended to accept the tender of Messrs. D.Powell and Company, of Westminster, for the erection of a Suspension Bridge at Howley at a cost of £485." After discussion it was resolved, that the members of the General Purposes Committee visit the site.

The MAYOR proposed the adoption of the minutes, and Alderman PIERYOINT seconded. ' Councillor CHANTLER asked if that meant that the bridge question was settled. The MAYOR replied in the negative. He said they met by the river on the 27th of last month, but there was such a variety of opinions as to where the bridge should be that they could not settle upon a site. COMlCillor CHANTLER : Does it mean that this firm shall have the order ? The Tows Cugurt : You are accepting the tender. Councillor CHANTLER : I object to that. Councillor WILKINSON said it would hardly be safe to confirm the tender when they did not know where the bridge was going to be. Councillor,PEKßEßTos : I move that the minute's

be passed with this exception. l The NlAvou : If you want it withdrawing I will ' withdraw it. I don't care whether it goes On or not. Councillor PRmanaTot; : But I do. You don't mean you are going to stifle discussion. The MAvorr : It is a waste of time, as we shall have to discuss the matter at the next meeting. Councillor Pn:unsazott : I think there is a very good site agreed upon by some who went to Howley r which will cost the Corporation nothing, and I ' see why the scheme cannot be gone on with quickly. 1 ' (Cries of " Hear, hear"). , The MAYOR : I have no desire to stifle discussion, I but I withdraw the minute, and therefore there will be Ino discussion on it. _ _

Alderman TINNION : May I submit as a point of order that if you withdraw the minute the Council have a perfect right to discuss it, haviag been on the Council minutes.

The TOWN CLERK pointed out that the Council had already settled that the bridge should be placed over the Mersey at Howley. That could not be discussed that night. The Council could only discuss whether the tender should be accepted or not. Councillor PEMBERTON_: We visited the site.

The TOWN CLERK : You may discues the site, but yon cannot discuss the question of a bridge. That has already been disposed of. Councillor PEMBERTON : We all agree there should be a bridge— The MAYOR : What is the use of discussing a thing when three-quarters of the members know nothing about it? About balf-a-dazen went down to the river side and picked a site when the majority bad gone. Councillor PEMBERTON : I have no great wish to force a discussion to-night, but I want you to under- stand I am thoroughly in favour of the bridge and most of the Council are. The site has been seen, it is quite easy to put the bridge in a certain position, and there 13 no reason why it should not be gone on with quickly. The MAYOR said they were only wasting time in dis- cuss:ng the matter then. Councillor NIELD said if the bridge would fit any of the three sites recommended, there could be no reason why the tender should not be accepted—(hear, hear)— because they were only delaying the time when it would be erected if they postponed the acceptance of the tender.

Councillor EVANS : I presume when the persons were aslied to tender the spot was pointel oat' The MAYOR: That is so. Councillor EVANS : It is evident they have tendered for that spot and that spot only, and I do not think we can do any harm by passing the minutes. The Meroll : I have withdrawn it to please Mr. Pemberton. (Laughter). Councillor PEMBERTON That is very good. (Laughter). Councillor EvAlvs : I don't want the Mayor to withdraw it. The TOWN CLERK said no time would he lost. The qnestion would come up again. Alderman BENNErr said be wished to disabuse the Mayor's wind of the opinion that because they did not at once agree to the first site suggested they were opposed to him and to the scheme. The MAYOR: Oh, n 0... . . .

Alderman BENNETT said be still thought it would have been wiser and more statesmanlike to have gone in for a big bridge but as they could not have one he welcomed a footbridge as the next best thing, and it ought to be placed on the best possible site. In answer to Councillor Dickenson, the MAYOR said two local firms sent in tenders, but they were too high Councillor WirArrNsag said be and his friends found what was thought an ideal spot—(laughter)—and one which would not necessitate the buying of any land for the approach of the bridge. After some further observations Councillor WILK TNSON said if the Mayor did not intend going on with the bridge question be (Councillor Wilkinson)would take it up. (Laughter) He claimed to be the father of that bridge. (Laughter.) Alderman PIE II PO INT took Councillor Wilkinson to task for having been discourteous, bat unintentionally so, towards the Mayor. It was time the discussion stopped. Councillor WILE INSON I don't require calling over the coals for any discourtesy. Alderman PIE lIPOINT : I did not call Councillor Wilkinson over the coalsi was calling his attentions to ' what to my mind is an obvious fact—that his remarks, I though quite unintentionally, were discourteous to the

Mayor. Councillor WILKINSON : I might say your remarks are not at all necessary on this occasion. (Langhter.) The MAYOR said he felt Councillor Wilkinson's remarks keenly after the interest he had taken in the bridges question for four years. Councillor Wilkinson rose to speak, and the MAYOR remarked " Sit down, please." . _

Alderman PIERPOINT called upon by Councillor Wilkinson for an explanation of his remarks, said the discourtesy was in continuing the discussion after the Mayor had withdrawn the minuteand expressed a desire that the discussion should cease.

Councillor WILKINSON : Then why did you not apply it to the whole of the Council ? The minutes were then passed with the exception of the one referring to the bridge.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
In I/.& 2/6 Tins; also 4cl. Packets.

-DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS EA.re!a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in cpring da'lkache, Lumbago, Gaut, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all iseases ofthe Kidneys, Sic. If you suffer, take one pellet hrec times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain Backache, &c. Write at once enclosing it stamps forone box or 33 stamps or 3 boxes to 4 DR. 13 kKER'S MEDICINE Co.. 63, NELSON' SQUARE, SOUTHWARK., LOkDON, S.E,

I

. , ,_ _ .

===== 0002601_19080905_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
HINTS FOR TIIE HOME.

NERVOUS PROSTRATION.

Neurasthenia, or nervous prostration is simply exhaustion of the nervous vitality, and is pro- duced by any conditions which draw unduly upon the patient's strength. Overwork, worry, lack of sleep, with over or under-feeding, un- hygienic living, &c., are the usual causes. The only treatment of neurasthenia which promises good results is the hygienic. ' Two meals a day should be taken of light, nutritious food, consist- ing largely of fruits, nut foods, and cereals. A half-pint of hot water one hour before akh meal and free water drinking between mesqt, will be beneficial. Little or no fluids, howew r, should be taken with meals,. This treatrr ant, with proper baths, light, exhilarating outdoor exer- cise, and freedom from worry will, says the Family Doctor, usually effect a cure. The de- tails of treatment would, of course, depend upoa the peculiarities of the case, but these directions indicate the general plan.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BAKED APPLES.

So richly equipped in chemical elements is Ohs apple that it is recognised aS one of the easiesl vegetable substances to digest and is therefor* deservedly popular as h part of the daily menu. A baked apple is the most easily digested of any way of serving apples, bit there are baked apples and baked apples. Just to put the fruit in the oven and to cook with a suitable heat to tenderness is by no means the worst way of pre4 paring a baked apple, but there are various methods of seasoning and baking which servo variety, and variety serves the appetite mod pleasantly. One way is to peal the arMles before baking. Core the fruit, fill the hollows with sugar and any preferred spice. Lay in an enamelled baking pan, pour just ' enough water to cover the bottom, then bake in a moderate oven until tender and delicately crisp on the surface. A bit of butter put on the top of each apple adds •avoury flavour. Meanwhile take the cores and peelings, cover with water and stew for an hour. Strain, sweeten slightly, add a little grated lemon rind and pour over the apples. Whipped omarn will be liked with these apples, - .

There are a great many changes to be rung on The baked apple filling. Any kind of nute may be used. For a dozen apples a cupful and a-half of meets will be required. Chop fine and mix with as much sugar. Fill the cavities and bake as usual. A half banana E prink led with Bugs.z and lemon-juice makes a good filling. Figs and dates chopped and rolled in sugar, chopped nuts with chips of lemon or orange rind, or honey and butter, are all appropriate and plea. 'ant to the palate.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
TROUBLE WITH THE FEET.

Nothing is more- discouraging to the busy housewife than to have constant pain and di,- comfort in her feet. Often the trouble is aggro: vated by improper footwear. No one should buy shoes that are uncomfortable when new. Of all the pains that women _bear, and men, too, the most useless and foolish is pain in the feet. For tired feet, a hot foot-bath, with an ounce of salt in-44.4- restful. Put on fresh stockings and a change of shoes after taking it. The quickest relief from fatigue is to plunge the foot in cold eater, and keep it immersed there for a moment, or until there is a sensation of warmth. Another tonic for the sole is a handful of alcohol. This is a sure way to dry the feet after being out in the storm. Spirit baths are used by professional dancers, acrobats, and pedestrians to keep the feet in condition.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BREAD AND HOT ROLLS.

A word as to the unwholesomeness of new bread and hot rolls. 'When bread is taken out of the oven it is full of moisture; the starch, says Health, is held together in masses, and the bread, instead of being crusted so as to expose each grain of starch to the saliva, actually pre- vents their digestion by ,being formed by the teeth into leathery masses, which lie on the stomach like so many bullets. Bread should al- ways be at least a aay or two old before it is eaten, and if properly made and kept in a cool, dry place, ought to be perfectly soft and palat- able at the end of three or four days. Hot rolls with plenty of butter should be carefully shunned by everyone who has the slightest re- spect for the -stomach. Flour, when freshly ground, is too glutinous to snake good bread, and should, therefore,. not be used immediately. but should be kept dry for a few weeks, and stirred occasionally until it crumbles easily be.• tween the fingers.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

[FAOII OUR LONDON CORK2SPONDENTJ

The close scason for political speeches which always follows the adjournment of Parliament in summer has already come to an end. Bat the utterances of Sir A. Acland-flood at Wellington, and of Lnrd Lminnierry and Lord flngh Cecil at a Priinroso Loaque dem )n- -stration at Wynyard Park, were scarcAy exciting enough to divert holidaymmkera from the niere arresting topic of the weather. A keen interest, on the other hand, is being felt in the working of last year's Patents Act, which has just cmie into forca, and in the observations which Alc. Lllyd-Genrgo Ii conducted, oo the spat, of the system of insurance against old age, sickness, and " invalidity" in Germany.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEA.P GIBE.

It would be too 0:1113bL to expect that Opposition journals would repA tho temptation to fling a cheap and superficial taunt against the Chancellor of the Exchequer for having undertaken an inquiry into German old age pensions after the Government's own scheme had been placed upon the statute-book. Of course, the German systera had been, with many others, the subject of careful investigation by experts and economists, and by the Committees which have sat to examine the feasibility of old age pensions in this country. The solution of the problem had not been lacking so long for want of study, but for want of resolution in statesmen to apply the results of such study. We had the Aberdare Committee and the Rothschild Committee, and these were followed by a Select Committee of the Elguse of Commons, which came to the conclusion that a system of old age pen- sions was p-acticable on a non contributory basis. As a member of that Committee, Mr. Lloyd George was naturally familiar with all the essential features of the German contributory system. But a personal inspection (4 the actual operations of the machinery presented obvious advantages, while it was still more important to hear and weigh at first hand the verdict passed upon the system by representatives of the German working men, and to learn all that could be learnt about the extensive developments which are contemplated.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURA.NCE IN GEFZIIANY.

The large scale of these projected developments can best be realised by the aid of a few figures. At pre- sent the contributions of employers and working men t,gether towards insurance against old age, sickness and "invalidity," amount to £31,030,000, and the Government contribution to the working expenses is two and a half millions. In 1910, or therealeouts, it is anticipated that the inclusion of some classes, as yet unaffected, will bring the fund up to 53,000,000, with a Government contribution of five millions. There is a general agreement in Germany that the results of insurance have proved beneficial. Socialist criticism is chiefly in the direction of complaints that the pensions are too low, and of a wish to see the Government entering on a crusade of preventive work against alcoholism and industrial diseases. Mr. Lloyd George has expressed a plain opinion that old age pensions should be folio red up by the provision of a sick and invalid fund; but he would not be prepared to generalise from the example of Germany as to the lines on which such a fund should be constituted. There are other countries - and particularly Austria and 'Belgium that can furnish data not less valuable.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRINCIPLE OF THE PATENTS ACT.

There is an almost universal agreement that the Patents Act is benefiting, and will in future benefit to a much higher degree, the industries of this country. !et thee is a good deal of apprehension both as to the purpose and the operations of the measure. There are some persons who, through misconceiving its character, fear that it may' increase the price of certain patented articles to the consumer. And there are others who, through the same I( ind of misconcep- tion, attribute to it what they believe to ha virtues, but what weald, in reality, be vi( The Act does not tend, as is' sometimes thought, to restrain trade that would manifestly be a vicious tendency, though it would be welcomed by the adv( •ates of Tariff Reform - but on the contrary it breaks down the monopoly of those syndicates and companies which I used to avail themselves of the unsatisfactory state of our patent law to prevent British manufacturers from producinr, articles that they themselves had no intention of producing here, or to prevent thi3 free import into this country of the articles for which they had taken 'out a purely obstructive patent. It is just this obstructive class of patents that the Act is aimed against. A patent is a kind of monopoly with a time limit, which is granted to an inventor for the purpose of stimulating the development of improved methods of production. Experience demonstrated the existing patent system in this country to be so faulty that instead of stimulating improvement of methods, it merely si ured to many patentees a monopoly which was altogether injurious to the commenity at large. The new Act strikes at the root of this evil by render- ing a patent that is not worked in this country liable to revocation, and by compiling the patentee to satisfy the reasonable requirements of the public, ntt only by manufacturing to an adequate extent, but also by supplying the patented article on reasonable terms. There cannot be the shadow of a Protectionist taint in a measure which breaks down monopoly where it is harmful to the consumer, since the essence of Pr( tection is to sacrifice the consumer to the monopolist. But the Conservatives are anxious to snatch at some fancied consolation for the galling contrast between the zeal of the Liberal Government for the encourage- ment of industry and the apathy displayci by the previous Government, which could offer the British manufacturer nothing better than the discredited nc:;trum of Protection.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL GOING ABROAD.

--------- The value of the Patents Act, it will be seen, is not to be measured by the number of factories which are set up here by foiaign capitalish in order to avoid the danger of having their patents revoked. Its chief value consists in the elimination of merely obstructive patents. Still, we may feel a legitimate .tisfactiol at tlre sight of factories being erected here with foreign capital, though this is, as the British Consul-General at Frankfort has pointed out, sometimes due t) other considerations than the desire to retain a British patent. German manufacturers have discovered that it is an advantage to carry on their works in a country where prices are not epormously enhanced by protective duties. There is something very quaint about the anxiety which many Conserva- tives are now evincing lest 13ritish capital is L hog driven abroad by the atti..ction of getting inside the foreign tariff wall, and by the dread of Socialist " legislation. When the fiscal controversy began, Protectionists raised the outcry that we were paying I for our imports by selling out our investments held abroad. They are• determined, it seems, that we shall I be in trepidation about our capital, but they cannot make up their minds whether the appalling fate which is overtaking it is that it is all going abroad, or that it is all being returned to this conntry in the shape of imports.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE DISCOVERIES.

The Conservative Party must be suffering from the complaint which oculists call preshyopia—the faulty eyesight found in some old people whdare so long- sighted that they cannot distinguish objects clearly t t come within any practical range. Lord Hugh ecil can look far away into the future, and make out with confidence the success of the Unionist Party's principles. Bat he might' be very much at a loss if he were asked to define what its principles are now , in relation to tariff reform.. He can turn his gaze ' back upon the past and tell us what a great pirty the Liberal Party used to be. But iv hen he attempts to explain in what he finds the decay of that Party , to-day, he can only murmer that it has not put , forward the principles of religious equality," and that the Licensing Bill will never Lave , the consent and co-operation of , the brewers. Lord Londonderry had also a very. odd remark —odds that is,,for a Conservative politician—to make about the Licensing Bill.and the Education Bill. He censures the Bishops for their inconsistency in suy porting the one and opposing the other. It is, of course, inconsistent at one time to maintain the right of the nation to 9ake the general good predominate over the selfishness of vested interests, and at another to subordinate the general good to sectional interests, even if those interests are vested in an Established Church. But that is not what Lord Londonderry meant. Mr. Runciman has declared that there can only be settlement of the education question on one basis, and that is the basis of religious equality. It might have been thought that this declaration would have reassured Lord Hugh Cecil as to the intention of the Government to maintain its traditional principles, for which he expresses so touching an anxiety. RELIGIPUS EQUALITY. But Lord Hugh Cecil understands religious equality in a very iiteculiar sense. He understands it in that " strict sense," according to which Mr. Balfour was able to assert at the meeting of the Parents' League in July, that the Education Act of 1002 alleviated

ever*, Nonconformist grievance, and that religious tests have never been imposed on teachers. Those who have been persuaded by Hr. BiHour that the Act of 1032 was a great alleviation of Nonconformist grievances, vill hive no difficulty in discovering, with Loid Hugh Cecil, a great falling off, in the present Government's policy from the principles of religious equality. No Conservative speaker can touch upon the Education question nowad tys,without bringing in the necessity of preserving the right of the parent to ' choose the creed in which his children shall be educated. Sir A. Acland-Llood put forward his plea for it at Wellington, and Lori Hugh Cecil at Wynyard Park. But before they set themselves to the task of proving that such a right ought, at all costs, to he maintained, they should attempt to show that such a right exists etre idy. MIT can it be said to exist in the large number of those single-school areas where Nonconformist parents have t 3 choose between sending their children to Church schools or letting them go without any religious instruction at all ?

===== 0002601_19080905_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ON HOLIDAY.

THE BOROJGH MEMBER AND HIS WIFE AT ST. MORITZ.

The current number of " The World " has the following notes from St. Moritz : " The lawn-tennis tournament on the Kulm lawn-tennis court, which concluded lately under the auspices of the Lawn Tennis Association, with Mr. Simond, of Queen's Club, as Irmdicapper and referee, proved the immense popularity of the game thereabeuts. Mrs. Neresheimer the German lady player, and Mrs. A. H. Crosfield provided some excellent play. Both are first-rate players, and although Mrs. Neresheimer captured the prize, Mrs. Crosfield made it tremendously hard viork. In the ladies' d rubles, however, things were all the other way. Mrs. Crosfield and her sister Miss Wadi easily beat Mrs. Neresheimer and Mrs. Lloyd. The men's championship of the Engadine was secured by Mr. G. Widman, a German, who was unopposed. At the close of matters the distribution of the prizes was most graciously undertaken by•Privess St.; phanie. There was a pleasant "Musical" 3t the Kuhr a few nights ago, entirely "amateur," except in quality. Prior to one of these enjoyable parties Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Crosfield entertained to dinner at the Kulm Mr. and Mrs. Bayard Cutting, Mr. and Mrs. Wenthorp Rutherford, Mrs. Seelfrige, Countess Sordina, Count and Countess Mercati, Mrs. Pratt, Mr. von Derweiss, and. Ur. and Mrs. Lloyd. The host and hostess, who are both gifted pianists, and Mr. von Derweiss then rendered some very charming classical selections.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE.

A Public-house Assessment.

A meeting of the Warrington Assessment Committee was held at the Workhouse yesterday morning, Mr. 3. Bi!lingo presiding. There were also present : Messrs. A. J. Jolley, G. Mather, W. Houghton' W. Gill, W. Furness, A. Bottomley (clerk), R. R. Aleacock (valuer), W. H. Woodcock (assistant °verses:. for War- rington), E. Foster (assistant overseer for Penketh),C. Cole (temporary assistrnt oversesr for Newton) and J. Dickinson (assistant-oversen for Haydock).

===== 0002601_19080905_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
7'HE LAW. MR. HENRY HOUGHTON.

Mr. W. HOUGHTON said that since the last meeting of the committee the death had occurred of Mr. Henry Houghton, of Newton-le-Willows, who might be described as the oldest official of the Union. As collector,his office was recognized by the T.,oeal Govern- ment Board and tbst made him an official of the Urfon. Mr. Houghton moved that a vote of condolence be rant to the relatives. Mr. MATHER seconded and said he remember, 1 Mr. Houghton ever since he (Mr. Mather) was a boy. The Union at large hal lost a valuable, able and con-, scientious servant and many people in Newton had lost a most lovable and kindly friend by his death. Mr. JOLLEY said that the late Mr. Houghton was a thoroughly straightforward servant The resolution was cart lad, the members standing. NEWTON PAPER MILLS.

The Committee considered the appeal of Robert Ferguson against the assessment of the Paper Mill at Newton, at £203 gross and £l5O rateable. A letter was read stating that the premises were unoccupied and un-let and no profit was accruing from them, but on the other hand large grorad rents were payable. Mr. MEA.COCK stated that he went over the mill ( .rly this year and it was then just closed down and the stock was being removed. As the property w,s being offered for sale by auction and he thought it was not improbable that a sale might be effectel prhately if not by auction, he advised that the assessment should stand. The property had not been sold and no use was being made of it. He therefore suggested a nominal assessmeht. _

The Committee fixed the assessment at £l5 gross ad 10 ratable.

WARRINGTON WORKS CLMED. Mr. L. A. VOISEY appealed against the rsessment of the works of Messrs. Artingstall and Co., Ltd., Wilders- pool-road, which stood at £3CD gross rid £255 rat .ble. Mr. VOISRY said he w. c the receiver on behalf of the debenture holders. The works had ler en clos: 1 doci and all the machinery and plant sol.' with the ea ption of one machine and that was not worked. There was only a caretaker on theiprer'sc The CHAIRMAN: When td the works close. Mr. VoisEY : They have practically not 1 en doing scything for six weeks or two months. Mr. WOOD 30K said he knew the works-hai been dis- mantled and he suggested a nomir^.l r s -sment The assessment wss reduced to £3O gross sad 225 10e, rateable.

NEW SITOP ASSESSMENT. Mr. THOS. CRAMPTON appealed against the assessment of his new premises is Bridge-street at £l5O gross a cid £127 108. ratable. He contended ti-1 shops in a some- what similar trade and having Isrger frontnges were asses% I lower. _

The assessment was reduced to £llO gross and £ll3 rateable.

PUBLIC TIOUSE ASSESSMENT. ALLEGED EFFECT OF CLUBS. Mr. T. S. STEEL appealed on b3half of Wm. E. I Longmore agrinst the ass' 'sment of the Railway Tavern, Factory-lane, at £.29 gross and £63 ratablr He stated that Mr. Longmore took the house in 1901. His rent at that time was £BO a ye-tr but it soon became evident that that sum was considerably more than the house was wortt• so in 1902 the owners reduced it to £6O and this year they bad gr3nt I a full-her reduction to £lO. In 1933 the assessment was raised from £55 to £6B rateable. There had recently been a great demolition of proi .rty in the neighbourhood of the public-h0n...). Some 100 houses had been demolished by Mec.—rs. Crosfleld and Sons, and the L. and N.-W. Railway Co., ard consequently Mr. Longmore had lost the tenants of the cottages as customers. The position of his house was rather against him doing a big trade, and further than that, Messrs. Crostleld, the L. St N.-W. Railway Co., and the Whitecross Company had all established work- men's club .% and he was told that the workpeople were able to go to them end have a game of billiards or something else sod obtain refreshments. The result had Ix an that whereas Mr. Lmgraore used to get the workmen from those works to come to bls house for refreshment, they now went to their clubs and conse- quently his trlde was considerably reduced. Some time ago he had a billiard table, but obj3ction was raised to it by the police, and he had to discontinue its use. There were no attractions to the house and it was badly Situated. _ _ _

Mr. WOODCOCK : IS the reduction of rent parmluent or only temporary ? Mr. STEEL: It is a permaaent one. The case was adjourned for the production of fig ores as to the variation of trade.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

WARRINGTON v. Sr. HELENS.

These teams met at the War-ington Corporation Baths on Thursday evening in a Liverpool and District League match. In the first half Warrington defended the deep end, and the visitors were soon attacking, Gibbons 'opening their score. Warrington played up mord spiritedly, and Arlen, 1%, •eiving from Sutton, sent in a shot which went too high. St Helens again attacked, and Gibbons placed a second goal to their credit, which he speedily followed with a third. Walker then opened the score for Warrington with a splendid shot from half nay. St. Helens again assumed the aggressive, and A. Barr registered another goal. Half- time arrived with :It. Helens leading by 4 goals to 1. After the interval there was some exciting play. W. Ashton sward three parts the lengths of the bath, but his final shot failed. He was warmly cheered for a splendid effort. The St.Helens goal was hotly assailed, and eventually W. AshtOn scored. Warrington kept up the attack, and Sutton added another goal. Result : St. Helens 4 goals, Warrington 3 goals. - A fifty yards handicap for elementary school boys resulted as follows :—l, B. Harding ; 2, S. Watkins 3, S. Cooper.

KY DEAR CHILDREN, I have been.most pleased with the sugge,s- Sone sent for our new competition. Further down these colurians you will find a' letter from Lily Lunn,,suggesting the saving of pennies to enable some poor children to hays a day's holi- day in the country. It is an excellent idea, but at present I must not encroach too much on my l-nembers' generosity, as later on I shall make a strong appeal for winter clothing for poor children. You will remember that last year we had a special competition, and I can assure you that the articles received -were very welcome/ indeed to many poor little children who had insufficient olothing to keep them warm. I have had several letters 'asking for a painting conipetition. This is very good, but the drawback is that it is not of much interest to non-cortjpetitors, owing to the inability of reproduction of the paintings in these columns. As announced last week the new competition will be on "Kindness to Animals." I do hope that I shall receive a large number of essays; as it is a very easy subject on which to write. The prize is a silver watch .for the best received. Start sending in at once. The essays will be published sa received. With love, UNCLX NED.

There was once a shepherd who wished to get married; but, although he knew three sisters, each one was as pretty as the others, and the choice was therefore so difficult that he did not know to which one to give the preference. Se he asked his mother's advice, and she told him to invite all three of them to supper and tcp place a cheese before them and observe how they cut it. The youth did so; and the first sister ate her cheese, rind and all; the second cut off the rind so hastily that she cut with it some of the good cheese and threw it all away, but the third sitter pared the rind-off very care- fully, neither too much nor too little. The shepherd, thereupon, told all to his mother, and he said, "Take the youngest sister.". He did so, and lived contentedly and happily with her all his life long.

- MAGGIE EASTVVOOD. BROUGHT HER A FORTUNE.

A short time ago a nian died in Brussels leaving nearly his entire fortune to a young woman who was entirely unacquainted with him. This is how it cam oto pass: He was a very eccentric man, and set out, like Diogenee, in search of an honest man. His tub was au omnibus, and his lantern a small coin.

In the omnibus he took his seat every day near the conductor, and always showed himself very obliging in passing up the money c f pas- sengers and returning the change; but to the latter he always managed to add a. franc ,or a half franc. Then he would watch those to whom it came. They would count it carefully, notice the extra coin, and invariably slip it into their pockets. No one thought of the poor conductor, whose meagre salary of only three francs a day could ill support sUch a loss. But at last a young woman passed her's back, with: "Conductor, you have given me half a franc toq much." Diogenes, delighted, fol- lowed her home, made inquiries, and a; the answers were satisfactory, made his will in her favour, though he never gave her warning that her half franc was going to bring her a million sterling..

THE AMBITIOUS KANGAROO.

They held a great Meeting- a king to select, And the kangaroo rose in a dignified way, And said, "I'm the one You should eurely

e:ect, For I can out-leap every beat here today." Said the eagle, "How high can you climb toward the _sky?" •

Said the nightingale, "Favour us, please, with a song 1" Said the hawk, "Let us measure our powers of eye!" • Said the lion, "Come, wrestle, and prove you are strong!" But the kangaroo said,

"It would surely be

best, In our choice of a king, to make leaping the tests"

-+- BABYLONIAN LION.

One of the oldest, and at the same time mot interesting, bits of pictorial work which . have been preserved from antiquity is that of the lion of Babylon, and so carefulwas the wo:k- manship that even after the 14so of ::,cv:ral thousand years not only the outline but the colour is very distinct. The figure was uzzed very generally for decorative purposes in arleicat Babylon.

.... ... ' ..,.::..'",'...:.-•?:..';?. :7".. • .•=f'.."....K,;,4.1 >II.V. 1--•,..,: .., . .:-. -.‘,..-t-..:,•.=.•.,-. -•.•'..'.!••-•'•",!..•••••.':*:.:.•'...___:...i..„.:::-.Y.,ii: ~..?...: '":77-'7,0,47-gr'''ltt-v.--_ . `,N:, ' -:', .5. .••••,7,_ - ...,;p: -4-.. r.: .T-0 7:;;•, 44, ',x*.: ,: .7,,, .:,,,, 1:,-:. ~v, i 4: :.,,, .....,..7... ;., _ ~ ''::44: ~.*': ...‘A .':'.l.::‘• gl i"!,i*-;,4..._. . .1., -1:7,-,...::4 --..:git..7..44i.i.:;:- ' ..•.:..'.gfkoi*K;..i•q..i • .. -•,'.i..,=*-.... .' ~..1,7,--•*,--,.._,R04"...:''..:::::::.:;i.;',-;, ....7.5kr„,..k.",.;A:H5t,,...• ,6,....-•. :vi, /op „t. Ar.;.b.i. ~,-4,:..„,„.,,,,,, _ .........,.:/E: ~,4,4 ... .71::::1:•:,ii. 4, • -4, ..,:,,i, : -.- , 4.7."!, *-;:•:--,,,e 1,. ---..„' --, : . • . -- ""' - ~'7*',, .. ' ,4*-?..,4V -,' .:,,,- . t'V' - ' 'MA. ft •. . ' r'. UN C'Le ''.4*-?';'' 'l,l' VSli, i 1!.;_ :€.'7l- x,'''.'' i .; ~:.'rAr-i. ,-',,P; • J.,..47, . . d„*- ND. - %' /...,,/ it ... 1,,,e,. iiki.', ''.'-:,-;'..• .4‹. Y,1:4-:-:-.!; .- ••••'<:l," ,'...'.,-,*--.,....., :. ~ ..,•,,,I.::;0' .„.., '''.lTl -I,e,Vt, A;,...,:.,:;,,....;::;.,,...i41 ;;: „•-•,:•.....:,,A,-., -I •:.,.,-./ 'A. 'itic...4 • . .-tr",••v,,,i‘;-• -,4- • ...i .'-..:Vt,'V't"lkil ~. . A., ''+', , - THE BRIPE-CHOO.z.N,I Ur.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
__+__

Dear Uncle Ned,—l think this would be a good competition: Let us draw and paint a number of postcards of subject scenes, and give them to hospitals and infirmaries to de'.ight the sick Children, as I am very fond of such work. BERTIE LUNN.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
-+-....

Dear Uncle Ned,—l think this would be a most excellent competition: For all the nieces and nephews of Uncle Ned to send their pennies to you, instead of buying sweets, for the poor children of London to have a trip to Skegness, as there are so many who have never been outside London. It wour.cl only need a little self-denial, and I think we should be able to manage' it. I think it a most simple compe- tition foi; great and small; and it also reminds us to do good to the poor. ' LILY LUNIt

===== 0002601_19080905_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
-4--r

Dear Uncle' Ned,—lf I had plenty of money I should like to go abroad to Africa to visit the homes of some of the poor heathen who have never seen a' Bible, and to teach them to read and write, as there are so many not able to do this. It would be a splendid thing to see every ono in Africa able to read and write. It would be much hotter in Africa than in our own dear country of England, but I think I ehould be able to stand it. I should also be able to give clothing to the poor children. I should also like to get up a school fot the children, as I am very fond of teaching and am trying to be' t teacher, which is very nice. It is nice to .be ible to train the young hearts to do what is ight and „pleasing in the eight o 4 God. This my ideal holiday.—With love to Uncle Ned, LILY LuNii. [Many thanks for drawing received.—UNcLE in.) • —4..... ' A DRUNKARD'S CLOAK.

This curious survival of the past came under the hammer a short time ago. Before it was put up for competition a man was found .to allow himself to be encased in the wooden crinoline,. and submit to the ordeal of being photographed in- it. The ".drunkard's cloak" was` hung• from the victim's neck inst vd ,of the waist. It was, in fact, the ancient counter- part of the strait waistcoat. In shape it le- sembles a huge inverted flower-pot. The small circular hole in which the victim's neck was locked gave him little margin for movement— only sufficient room to prevent strangulation. There the victim waS imprisoned. The weight of this wooden cloak, which /cached almost to the ground, would drag down his shoulders till every bone ached. ,

===== 0002601_19080905_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
NAPOLEON'S CHAIR.

Hem indeed, is one of the seats ,of the mighty. It is a chair used by Napoleon. It afterwards became the property of Horace Walpole,, and is riow in the possession of a distinguished Englishman. It ie guarded as though it were made of gold, and because of its dual association is doubly valued. It was one of the most conspicuous pieces in a recent exhibition, but when one realises that Napoleon must have sat upon Many, many chairs in his career, it is easy to see that the production of this furniture may become Quite a profitable industry. However, this chair is entirely authentic.

-4-

===== 0002601_19080905_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KNICKERBOCEER BOY.

I'm a knickerbocker boy! See my coat and breeches! Cuffs and collar, pocket too— Made with many stitches I I must have a watch and chain, A silk umbrella and a cane. No more kilts and skirts for me! I'm a big boy—don't you see? Knickerbockers! Knickerbockers! Give away my other clothes! Give away my horse-with rockers; I want one that really goes. Two brisk, prancing goats will do; But I'd like a wagon, too. No Mare chairs hitched up for me! I'm a big boy—don't you see?

===== 0002601_19080905_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
.----÷.--

Very Stout Gentleman (to street porter): -IHere, my man, is twopence for you; just look and tell me if my boots want polishing."

-+--

The Blonde: " I wonder if I shall ever live to be a hundred?" The Brunette: "Not if you remain twenty- two much longer."

===== 0002601_19080905_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
__+_

A physioian, having bonght an interest in a milk route, derives a greater income from the well than he formerly did from the sick.

Overheard at the Royal Academy.—" What do you think of yonder portrait of your cousin, Sarah ? " "Think I ,Why, it's hideously .like kiia I '!

===== 0002601_19080905_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
-+-

, HOW WOULD THIS, SUIT FOOTBAILERS? " Yes," said the football-player,,as he d:.mied his heavilypadded 'knickerbockers, "the gate has been robbed of all its rough features, alid is how mere child's play." He paused a moment to adjust a corriVicatel leather harness that held his earg-close to his head and thoroughly covered them up, and then continued:— " The new rules are designed to eliminate al elements of danger and prevent players' from being injured in ,any way. They p..omise 'succeed admirably," he added, in slightly I tones, as he placed. a thick rubber nose-p:otector over that 'organ.

"Under the old and so-called barbarous ru'es broken legs were not infrequent." he Aaid, strap-, ping on his heavy Ellin-guards, "but the public may be sure all that has now been done away with."

Brushing back his long, chrysanthemum-like locks the better to see, he tied about his waist and over Atis leather jacket a wire chest-pro- tector, and struck it a resounding blow with hie massive fist. _ _

"The abolition of momentum play has made the sport almost as gentle as teiin. is or golf," he said, with what seemed a sigh, affixing stout kneecaps to his knees and ankle protectors to his ankles.

"By the way," he )added, "when you see her in the grand-stand, tell mother that my life- insurance policy is in the safe deposit.vault:"

Ire paused an instant to adjust his ,wrist- supporters, and then continued:— "The fact is, old man, just between us, game has been ruined. It is baby-play now. Girls could play it without dislocating the crimp in their front hair. Chess and c-rib'b:.Te are dangerous when compared with the new style of football." . . . . . .

Placing a thick rubber teeth-protector in h'es mouth, he strode towards the field where. loTmuty and fashion had gathered to see two crak Rugby teams battle for supremacy.

Lost at Sea—The sight of land. —4--

The Foreman: "We find that the dise.'...cod died from natural causes." Coroner: "You mean the 'deceased,' not the diseased.'" , The Foreman: " Bot?.1. If he hadn't- been diseased he wouldn't be dead."

MTS. Verger was in a bad hunicur. husband having gone to the club, ail& she'gavo her daughter a• fearful tongue-!ashing. INTLs Verger stood it for a good while, but at 3ast she called out, "Mother,, for goodness sake, •give yourself a rest. If you keep this up much longer, you won't have anything left over for 'pa when he comes home."

200 YEARS A SECRET.

GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has een kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS. BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES, It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frac for 14stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

===== 0002601_19080905_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..

===== 0002601_19080905_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

SEPTENIBER.

FRD.,I A ARRINGTON

Acton htldge-7 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 13 10, 1 30.2 55, a 3 35, 5 15 5 50, G 23,7 25 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a Nednes,lays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 530,7 11,8 35, 58, 11 42, all 55,a.m. 1 15, 2 11,4 42,a6 23,7 20,8 37, 98 p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 33, 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-roacl)-5 21, 5 30, 7 11,1 35,9 53,11 42,11 53 a.m. 1 15,3 5,4 42,6 28,7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sand tys 5 43, n.m. 6 0 P.m. Chester-7 31,8 17, 8 58, 9 5,10 28,11 30 n.m 12 12, 12 25, 12 37, 12 55, 1 40,1 50,20, 3 19,4 22, 4 15, 5 30, 6 4. 6 43,7 57, 8 5, 10 18, 11 13,11 57,p.m. Sundays- » 42, 10 45, a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 8 5, 8 23, 9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 1225, 2'48,3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 35 P.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbnry-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 55,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, 6 4,3 5, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 34, 9 5 a.m. 12 55, 20, 3 19, 445, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.n. Eftrlestown-5 30,7 11,8 5, 8 23, 8 35.9 19, t 0 15, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 48, 3 18, 3 45, 40, 515, 6 37, 78, 7 40, 9 25, 9 45, 10 35, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 755, 835, 843 8.111. 510 6 0, 7 57, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlets' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 515,620, 80, 10 4 pad. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 31, 95,10 28 a.m. 12 57, 12 55.2 0, 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 530, 6 4, 6 48, 7 57, 85, 10 18, 11 18 p.m. Sundays, 842 a.m. 743 p.m. Golborne-5 30.7 11, 8 35, 10 55 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 40, 5 15,720, 8 10, 943 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36 95, 11 30 a.m. 1255, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 530, 64, 6.48,8 5,10 18 p.m.Sunclays 8 42 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam and Cadi ahead -6 55,7 45,8 10,9 3,98,10 35a.m. 1 38,458,7 10,8 22,9 15, 10 2, all 50 p.m. Sundays 9 22, 1018, 1118 a.m. 3 15, 50, 930 p.m. a Satutdays only. Latcbford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0, 9 55, 10 53 , ado- 1283, 111, 226; 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 930 p.m. Sundaya,6 30, 846 a.m. 35,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 537,7 .47 51,8 5,835,850, 9 12,0 20,9 50, 1035,10 50,11 50 am. 12 0, 1250, 1 8, 51 13, 1 50.2 17.2 50,3 11,3 23,3 32,3 50, 4 5.4 8, 4 12, 4 50, 5 0, 5 50,6 2.6 27, G 50, 7 5,7 50.8 0,8 50,9 3,9 45, 10 15,10 40, 510 42, 511 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37„' .9 0, 945, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239, 4 46, 6 22, 7 16 8 29,9 18,10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51,55 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 12, 8 23,9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 1 55, 248, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 620, 78, 740, 80, 25, 10 4, 10 35, 011 30 p.m. a Mondays exopted. b Mpnclays only. cSatnrdnys only.Snndare,4 51,5 20, 825, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,8 0, 108 p.m. Lymm-6 15: 7 17, 755 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 2 2G, 3 5,3 35,4 9, 5 15, 10, 7 23, 1.830, 9 39, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,511 40 p.m. U stops when required. ~, Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 45. 14 45, 54 53, ° 30, 5711, 85, 823, 8 43, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 17, 1 l's, 159' 2 32, 248, a 3 18, 331 40, 426. 510, 5 15, 5 53,C 20.6 33, 720, 7 52- 8 16, b 8 53, , 9 22, a 9 40, 9 45, a Mondays only, b Saturdays only. Sundays, 24.5, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15,6 0,7 57, 9 3 p.m. 6 53, 0 33, 7 20, 8 6, 922, 9 40, 10 ap p.m. Sundays 245,456,755 a.ra. 5 15, G 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. nMondays only. S Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 10, 6 55, 7 57,8 10, 8 55, 93 955, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 155, 2 55, 3 55, 455,4 53, 5 53. 655. 7 10, 7 53(8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 53, 510 2, 51.1 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. StAdays 9 22, 10 18, 11 13 n.m 30, 3 15, r 57, 50, 719, 855, 9 15, 9 30, 105 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 1020, a.m. 12 10, 1 30, 25.5, a 3 33 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,54 4.5,530,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 15. 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, n.m. 12 17. 1225, 1 15, 2 44, 2 48, 331. 40, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15. 633, 720, 9 22, 9 43, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 8 43, a.m. 3 33, 5 13, 60, 7 57, 93,10 8, p.m. a Saturdays only. 1) Mondays only. Padgate-G 55. 7 45. 8 19, 8 40, 10 95, it 22 a.m. 1210, 141, 353, 453, 5 33, 6 5,7 10,8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0,9 30 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45,- 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15. 6 20, 8 0, 10 4 pm. Sankey-75, 85,95,10 0,1/ 10 a.m. 12 0, 51 0 al 13, 2 21, 35. 4 12, 523, 630, 75. 80, 910 510 5,a10 42.11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,1120 a.m. 2 39, 97, p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 33, a 9.39, 11.4, 120 n.m. 1.27, 3.28,3 33,4 12. 5 0, bG. 20,6 30, 8 0, 9.10, 10.40, P.m. Sundays, 9.32, ana. 2.6,9.7. p.m. aMondays, , Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall---6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0. 9 55, 10 53, 4.m. 1233, 1 11, 2 23, 335. 49. 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 9 30 p.m. Sundays 630.3 46 a.m.3 5,3 10 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Sption.

,

i''''',' . . :' ' .: ~,'.. , .1 , .

1,.,..„,... . , ~ .

TO WARRINGTON FROM ' - Acton Bridge-G 41.7 40, 8 54,9 39,10 57 a m. 12 42, •. a 3 0,3 55, 4 38, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 759 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Mednesdays and Saturdays only. '‘ Blackpool (L N.-W.)-8 0, 8 22, 98, 102, 10 20, 11 50 a.m. 1 17, 2 52, 4 55, 645, 815, 910, 105, alO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 55, 4 50, 8 20, • 111 15, p.m. a Satuidava only. 131aelcpool (L. N.-W.-Talbot Road)-7 8,8 40, 1.0 15,1130 1137,a.m. 1 37,3 10, 3 28. 427, 5 20,7 0,8 5, • ° 45. 100, 1050 p.m. Sundays 723 a.m. 137, 5 12, ' 745 pti. • Chester--2 15,4 20, 7 '2O, 820,8 45,9 42,10 12,10 40; 4 11 45 a.m. 1 25. 22,2 5, 30, 3 50, 45, 5 20,5 33, . 6 30, 7 25, 735, 7 45,8 10. 850 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 420,6 48,7 15 a.m. G 55, 835 p.m. Collins Green- 20, 79, 845, 1021, 11 23 a.m. s, 12 45, 20,3 5, 1 53, 5 38, 6 42, 7 37, 9 6,10 43, alo 53 P.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays DaresthiryLS 9, 1019,11 21 a.m.2 44,4 44,6 2, 710, ' 23 10 37 p.m. Sundays/ 33 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 34, 0.54,10 52 a.m.2.17,4 17, 535, 642 824 pm. Sundays 655 a.m. 7 9 p.m. • Etirlestoam-7 2, 7 13, 8 45, 850. 9 15, 9 45, 1028,

Ca ....., 10T6,. -11 26 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 2 13, '327,' 4 56, 6 43; 555, 655, 745, 88, 9 10, 934, 10 47,10 56, 512 0 a.m. a Saturdays onlf Sundays 8 32, 9 53, 9 57, 103 a.m. 3 45, 7 24,10 16 p.m. , Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 54, 9 42, 10 45 km. 123, al2 59,2 11. 3 27, 54, 6 2,6 59, 919 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. n Saturdays only. Frodsham-7 49, 9.0, 10 3, lr 4, a.m. 226, 49,4 20, 5 41,6 56, 8 23, 8 31, p.m. Sundays 7 12, 7 29 a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne-6 44,8 26, 10 17. a.m. 12 17, 2 11, 4 40, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 37 a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 75 p.m. 1-1A131)y-7 41.8 56,9 59,10 58, a.m. 2 10,2 22,4 4,4 22 5 10,6 47,817,8 29 p.m.Sundas, 7 3.7 25 a.m.7 18 p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 16, 6 48, 7 32; 7 49,8 53, 9 53, 10 23 a.m. 7, 2 15, 4 54, 7 4,8 56, 11 20, p.m. SundaysS 30,9 18, 10 50, a.m. 120, 2 22, 6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-I-7 55.8 W. 922, 100. 11 11 a.m. 1 20. at 43, 2 13, 30, 3 38, 4 26, b 5 39. 69, 6 49, 7 49, 9 51,0 11 II p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arploy. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L..C.)-5 10, 4 15,11 30, 7 30, 7 35, 812. 830, S 36. 9 15, 930, 933, 945, 1030. 115. 11 30,11 42, 11 43 a.m. 12 33, 1955, 1 5, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 235, 2 43,4 0, 4 30,4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 31, 6 30, 53, 7 30, 8 30, 838, 8 40, 930, blO5O, 110, 45 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. U Saturdays only. Sundays 750, 9 45, 1040, K.M. 230,3 j 5,3 50, 4 30, 6 15, 610, 8 39, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L.& N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50, 6 10, 7 0, 8 5, 8 35, 95, 9 30, 9 53, 11 0 a.m. 0221,120.243,30. 35,4 15,4 20, 4 50,5 10,6 10, 6 55, 8 25, 8 35,9 o,blo ' 10 45. b 1115 p.m. a tllandays only. b Saturdays °lily. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10, 6 30,7 15,10 43 p m. , trymm-7 43,832,9 14,9 52,11 3 a.m. 1211,111,31 37 , 25, 2 50, 330, 4 13, b 5 31, ,G I, 611, 731, 945 11 33 p.m. a Saturdaysonly. b Saturdaysexcepted Rands ys 8 15 a.m. 2 25,7 15 pm. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30, 7 30,733,3 30.a9 0 55, 330, 9 33, 10 30, 10 35, 11 SO ..m. 12 30, 12 50. 1 36, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35. 5 30;0 0. 6 30, 645, 7 30, 8 30, 835, 9 25, 10 20, alO 55, 'll 0 p.m, 4 Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 90, 9 25, 9 30. 10 30 a.m. 1 10, 210, 25,6 0, G 35, 830.9 40 p.m., Manchester (London Iload.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, P.m. 12 30, bl. 5,2 0,2 55, 3 40. a 5 0, 5 20.6 5,6 55, 95, a 11 0, p.m. Sundays ,7 30. a.m. 1 40,630 p.m. Saturdays exr-opted. b Saturdays only. llioore-G 53, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 53, a 3 12,4 8.4 50, 33 p.m. Sundays SlB a.m. 453 p.m., a WOdnes- "3's and Saturdays only, Newton-le-Willows-655, 7 19, 8.40, 9 7, 9 29, 10 13,10 29.11 Sam. 7233, al 15, a 1 33,3 7,4 7.4 31, 4 50, 5 33, 5 50, 6 27,7 41, S 5. 9 31, 10 2, 10 50. Si p.m. Sundays 828, 950, 10 0 a.m. 340, ' 20. 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 27, 58, 80, 8 29. 90,10 3 R.M. 1 20, i. 9, 53, 625, 7 15, 98. 10 25. 1132p.m. Sundays 43, 11 11 a.m. 2 33, 9 19,10 14 P.m. Runcoro-5 55, 8 34,9 19, 10 26 a.m. 12 41. 1 4 a 3 0. 430, 5 40, 6 30, S 26,1020 p.m. Sundays 90 a.m. 4 P.m. 8,....a1ikey-7 5. 7 50, 833,9 25. 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. 44, I 40,2 40, 3 43, 433, 528, 623, 7 25. 8 15 43, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37,9 15,10 12 a.m,4 3 8 54 lirfutbpo'r-t-7 50, 90, 10 15, 1040, 1225, 1 30, 240 5, 5 25, 7 15, 85, a 9 5, 10 0. Sundays 9 0, O. 7 50. a Saturdays only. Thelmall-7 51, 8 36, 9 Is, 9 53, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, 41,2 9, 2 55 3 34, 4 22, h 5 35,6 5, 6 45, 7 35,9 49, .1" P m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 2 29, 719 p.m. a latanrdays only. b Saturdays esoepted.

I

POSTAL AN) SAVNB RANK RIDLITIONS For further particulars see "Post Office Guide," at any Post o.fice. POSTAGE STAMPS. , Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny staaipsare now on sale at each post office. Price 2s. INLAND CORRESPONDENCE. The term "Inland Correspondence " means cor- respondence posted within the United kingdom, including the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands. "'lnland Correspondence" is divided into the following classes : (a) Letters (d) Newspapers (h) Postcards (e) Parcels (c) Halfpenny packets Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trans- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size. LETTER POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows : Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... Id. For every additionai 2 0z5.... 11.‘ A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage;, a letter insufficiently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one font in depth. Post-CARDS. The prepaid rate of postage on every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be madeof ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 51 inches in length by 31 incites in width, or be less than 31 inches in length by 21 inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and finch wide) bearing the address may now be aflixed to the address side of card. If any of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. HALFPENNY Pam= POST. The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 20z. in weight. Printed matter, Scc., not in the nature of a letter, • may be transmitted by this method. NEWSPAPER POST. The prepaid rate of postage on a registered news- paper, including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others is 0. Newspapers not registered at the General Post Office are treated in the pcst like any other printed matter. PARCEL POST. The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: Fora parcel ... not exceeding I lb. 0 3 „ • exceeding 1 lb. 2 lb. 0 4 ft f 1 9 lh • JO 3 lb. 0 5 ft ff 3 lb. 5 lb. 0 6 tI „ 5 lb. a 7 lb. 0 7 • ft 7 lb. 8 lb. 0 8 8 lb. 91b. 0 9 9 lb. 10 lb. 0 10 10 lb. • ~11 lb. 0 11 No p• arcel may exceed 111 b. weight. The size allowed for an inland parcel Is : Greatest length— ... 3 ft. 6 in. Greatest length and girth combined 6 ft. 0 in. For example—A parcel measuring 3ft. 6in, in its longest dimensions as much as 2ft. Gin, round its thiakest part ; a short parcel may be thicker • thus, if it measure no more than 3ft, in length, it May measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. The postage on a parcel must be prepaid. Mark each parcel" Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postageare in order before leaving. PARCELS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL). Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions simildr to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The customs charges can be prepaid or collected on 'delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must be prepaid. MONEY ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issue a single money order for more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a Id. can be contnined in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 23. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, 41.; £2O, 63. ; £.30, Bd. ; £4O, 101 By paying an additional 2d. and cost of the telegram of advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain • restrictions. MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order .may be issued for places abroad varies in each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £1,33. ; £2, 6d. ; and above that., 3d. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A foe of 63. in addition to the ordinary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POST.AL ORDERS. These are obtainable at any money order office in the United kingdom, and possess the advantage over money orders that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed,- they can be paid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by ad., from 6d. to £1 Is. The poundage fees are up to 2s. ad.; Id. up to 155.; Id. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always fill in the name of the person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is numbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter sbould be retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- master-General. will entertr.in no further claim salter an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to make up odd sums. TELEGRAMS (INLAND). The Postmaster-General possesses,almost eptirely, the privilege of transmitting,collecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the United Kingdom. The charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of ficl., which covers 12 words, and an additional I.d. for each extra word. This charge includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, hut if from a sub-office then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made from the office- door. All charges are, as far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, lint sender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated oa payment of half the original charge, which extra payment - is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or handed to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost of registering an abbrevi- ated address, which must consist of two words, is £1 IS. TELEGRAMS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL) Must be writ ten on special forms and are accepted In the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK. Theme are established at all money order offices. In ordinary cases the annual deposit must not exceed £5O, and the total amount £2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children under seven years of age cannot be withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is Is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps affixed to a special form. Each depositor receives a bank book in whioh the amount of each deposit should be entered at the time of paying in. If the deposit is £1 or over a special acknowledgment is sent from Overhead London office. Interest is allowed at the rate-of 2i per cent. Any amount up to and including £1 may be withdrawn without previous notice, on presenting a bank book. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking and adding interest. The withdrawal of money can be expedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of telegrams. P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK T.INE CHARGES. The fees for the use of the Trunk lines are as follows:— For 25 miles or under ... 3d. ta 50 • „ 1, 75 if ff „ 100 „ „ „ every additional 40 miles or fraction thereof... ... Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 an., six minutes conversation is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced charge is made for three minute calls. MOTOR CAR AND CYCLE REGULATIONS. Each one must be registered with the council of a county or county borough, the fee being £l. for a motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A registered number is assigned to each, which it is an offence not to keep affixed when driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other offences. The highest speed at whicla a car may be driven on the puk,lic highways is 20 miles an hour, which is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the Motor Car Act (1903), to drive a oar in such a way on a public highway as to be dargerous to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to the presence of the motor car on the read. the driver must supply his name and address, and the owner and number of the car, under heavy penal- ties. The driver must produce his licence at the , request of a police constable. '

""1.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--

===== 0002601_19080905_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday September 5, 1908.

CRICKET.

WARRINGTON V. Iv I G A.N.-At Warrington on Satur- day, the home team winning an exciting match by 3 runs. &oral WARR MO TON. WIG AN. W Richardson b Saaite 0 Broughton b Podmore • 0 J Callon b Broughton ll .7 Prestt b 22 W II Podnaore o Tyler b C R Darlington o Bain- Broughton B Silcock b Semite ...... 2 Tyler b Cresswell ll S Partridge° Meadows b C R Armstrong run out 0 Broughton J Cresswell St Meadows bridge b Silcook 4 b Scaite 7 S 13411 b Siloook 0 J Thompson o Maadows G Barlow o Partridge b Scaife 0 b Silcock W V Turton c Elsworth H Scaite c Partridge b b Soaife 0 Silcook 1 J W Bainbridge o Dar- A Ellis c Richardson b lington b Broughton... 25 Siloook 0 II Callon c Darlington b E Meadows not out Broughton 0 A Duckworth not out Extras 2 Extras ...... 4

Total 63 Total 62 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. WIGAN. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Broughton ... 12.3 2 27 5 W HPodmore 5 1 11 1 H. Soalfe H Ca110n...-. 3 018 0 B Siloock ... 5.2 1 7 6

LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. MONKS, HALL AND Co.— Played at Lovely•lane on Saturday. A. Bramhall batted well for his score of 45 not out. Scores :

MONKS, HALL AND CO. LATCHFORD. J Rawlinson o & b Cliffs 1 A E Walker b Cox 9 G Cox b Cliffe 5 E F Cliffe c Rawlinsop S Hatton o Walker b b Cox 2 Conway 3 T Dixon b Ellison 25 J Booth b Conway -. 6 A Bramhall not out ... 45 C Davy b Cliffe A Wbittaker bConsvay... 1 JCsx o Ellison b Cox 10 A Ellison,b Conway 0 W G Hayes o& b Booth 7 J Shaw c Hayes b Conway 2 J Stowell o Ravvlinson D Browne b Conway S Jones b Conway ...... -. 0- GI Heald b Cox ...... T Wall not out G Back b Cox 2 Extras

Total 33 Total 126 HIGIT LEGIT V. ALTRINCRAM WESLEYANS.—Iit High Legh on Saturday. Scores :

ALTRINCHANI. HIGH LEG!!. H Harwell c Surridge b Viscount Ikerrin b o Bowen A Warburton b Bowen ... 0 Cornea a Gibbon b Shuttleworth c Richard- Shuttleworth _

son b Surridge Marsland (not out) Cocker h Ikerrin Whitworth c Ormerod b- Earle b Warburton Tunstall Percy not out • 7 Simpson not out Ormerod b Warbnrton 2 • Tunstall b Warburton 0 • Richardson b Warbur- , , _ 6 ton ' Bowen not out 0 Extras Total Innings declared.

• . EARLESTOWN V.SOUTR TATS ESTER.—At Earlestown on Saturday. Manchester declared their innings. Scores : SOUTEI MANCHESTER.. EARLESTOWN. Roods c Rylance b Ilstes 32 T March b Reekie Crawford c Brennan b Leigh hit rrkt b Brown

Bates " 3 Croher b Brown 0 Reekie b rtylance,... ...... 5 Marsh not out... •5l Whittles lbw b Rylance 4 Rylance a Reekie b Mason b Rylance ..... 4 Bow° ........... 1 Froggatt c Clare bastes 6 Branum not out... 27 Graham cClare b Rylance 5 Brown not out

Simpson b Morris 3 Russell b Morris _

Tait not out Extras

Total for (9 vrkts) 100 Total for (4 orkts) 123 Innings declared. -

. , - SOUTH NIANCHUTErt 2. V. EATtIA3TOWS; 2NO.—At South Nlanchester on Satuniay. Score: : —Earlestown: A Harrison 34, F Valentine 18, F Clare ILI, J Alderson 2,J F Ronde (not out) G. R. Allen (not out) 27, extras 12 ; total (for 4 wkts.) 210. South Mtnchester W Owen 2, F Leather 21, L N Jackson 43. R W P Wedlake 0, H Russell 6, A L Cravea (not oat) 23, E C Brown. 1, R G Richards 10, C Lamb 0, B S Townend(not out) 11, extras 4 ; total (for 8 wkts) 123. WIswICK. ASYLUM V. KNOTTY AsEl.—Played At Whowick on Saturday: Score 3 :—linotty Ash, total (8 wkts) 154; Winwick, 73. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

ST. JAMES' V. CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS.—On Saturday the first-named team defeated the Engineers in their last engagement, and thus retianed their unbeaten certificate. Scores :

C. L. C. ENGINEERS. ST. J A MRS'. J Duckworth b Holt 2 3 F Foster b Chamber- /1 Brown o Hallam b lain 3 Holt E Deeley b Hallam 0 C Holt b Deeleg l9 E Jordan 13 Hallam ...... 0 J Hallam b Chamber- A' Hill b Holt 3 bin J Monts b Hallam 1 PCummins lbw bllonks 7 W Chamberlain c Holt b J Sberratt b Monks ... 18 Hallam 0 P Knight b M0nk5......• 3 S Howard b Hallam 0 W Minards St Howard A Hill =out 0 b Monks 0 Chamberlain 13 Cart- J Lester not 0ut.... wright b Hallam 4 Cllackney cDuckworth H Hulme not out , J Cartwright °Howard 1p Monks - 5 , Extras

_ Total ...... ... 15

Total

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE. ORFORD V. HOLY TRINITY.—At Arpley on atturday. Scores:—

_ _ _ HOLY TRINITY. °lmmo. H Maybury c W Leigh b J Bennett b INlaybury 1' Jolley Beddall c Bennett b S H Sandy bl\ raybury ... 0 . Leigh 0 S Leigh b Maybury... 3 Aukland b Jolley - 31 F Stanley c Bradshaw b A Hodgson b Worth- 'Jolley T Worthington bS Leigh 3 P Ashcroft c Holbrook A Holbrook run out l2 Beddall J Deakin o Bennett b A Bradshaw b Beddall 0 Jolley 0 \V Leigh c Aukland b R Ormsby c Sandy b S Maybury Leigh 1 T Walker b Maybury 5 T Jeffers m not out .O S Parsonage not out ... 0 Extras .. ....... ... 5 Extra s 2

Total.. MANCEIESTER AND DISTRICT BREWERY

LEAGUE.

A match was arranged between the Champions _ . . _

(Walker's Brewery) and he rest of the above League, on Saturday last and resulted in an easy win for the Champions, thus justifying their position at the head of the table. Scores : REST OF , LEA G RE. WALKER'S BREWERY. Mr Richardson b Holland A 4 G Pearson c Cook b Mr Woolstencroft run out S Evans Mr Dorgan at Cook b J Cain b Richardson l5 Norman 3 W Ashton b Dargan... 0 MrDagnall lbw b Holland 0 LI Cook o Woolsten- Mr Berry b Holland 5 croft b Evans 3 Mr ‘Vhitellead b Norman 1 J Molloy retired hurt 4 Mr Henshaw b Norman 0 A Holland at Kelly b Mr Noble run out Mr Evans b Norman 0 WBairdbWoolstencrof t 4 Mr Cooke not out 2 W Norman b Woolsten- - -

11fr1ohnson lbw b Norman 2 croft l2 Mr Kelly run out Woolstencroft 7 R Rogers not out J Milner and T griffin did not bat Extrx\s 5 Estras ...... 6 Total 4O T0ta1...... 70

===== 0002601_19080905_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
AFRALO,.!

On these bright summer days. 1 how many people are afraid to live—Afraid that something is , gehr to happen—Afraid to leave home —Afraid to travel—Afraid to cross the road. 0 0 0 MThe nerves are wrong. Weak nerves are badly nourished nerves. The blood is not feed- ing them. And when the blood is weak, the stomach is at fault. 0 KE 0 is only s oyrolu syr partially to- m a eh i l digesting s lilting! t , if f oo (ii,t pl if it is starving your blood supply instead of enriching it; if your nerves are breaking down, instead of . being built up, you need Mother Seigel's Syrup—the remedy which tones up the whole digestive system.

mother selzel's Syrup is now also prepared rx TABLET ream as Mother Seigel's Syrup Tablets. Price 25, 94,

===== 0002601_19080905_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON WORKS ASSOCIATION HANDICAP The first round of the annual members' handicap was completed on the Bank Quay Green on Saturday. Scores,—

IfSm—allwood,Ropery 11 •0 Shaw, Rylands' l5 T Hatton, M0nk5'.....w.0. E North, Crosilelds T Coombs, P and K Ali Burdett, Castle R 9 Pulls, Whitecross... 15

THardman,P and K...w.0. W Bibby, Greenings l5 A Cook, Houghton ... 6 ' D Gibson, P and K 8 F Miller, Rylands' l5 IV Simister, Longford.. 15 J Steward, Monks' l3 R Warburton,Robinson's 9 R Savoury, Rylands' l5 J Hutchinson,Robinson's 15 W Gibbins, Crosfiald's 11 C Shaw, Fletcher's l3 T Horrabin, L & N W 15 E Bradshaw, Orford J Jefferson, Crasfield's... 15 J Warburton, Rylands' 10 J Looker, Ropery w.o O J Boardman P and K 14 S Massey,jno.,W'cross 15 J Gleave, P and K l5 T Gleave, W'cross lO W Foster,Floughton's w.o. J Gleave, W'cross A Warburton, W'cross ... 15 IV Roughley, Rylands' 13 T Hatton, P and K... ...... 4 H Franco, Rylands' W Gleave, Houghton's... 11 Ii Cook, Crosfleld's A Thornley, W'cross l5 W Patrick, Greening's 7 A Latimer, W'cross H- Newton, Rvlands', 4 J Howard,Crosileld's... 15 ' W Daniels, Rylands' l5 J Bartley, Longford... 10 $ Ashton P J Chatterkon, Greening's 10 W Woods, Fletcher's 15 J Gleave, Whitecross w.o. T Ellison, Whitecross 15 W Taylor, Rylands' ... 13 T Platt

W Thomas, W'cross w.o. H Savoury, Rylands J IVleakin 8 IV Tomkinson,lds' 15 S Fair, Robinson's... w.o. G Ball, junr., P& K 15 A Worrall, Monks' ... 4 A Gleave. Whitecross ' 6 Ike Makin, Orford 15 W Cottam, Rylands J Davies, Crosaelds' J Willett 15 A Jolley, Rylands' l4 A Rosterne P & K w.o G Woolcock, Rylands'... 12 J Dunne, Rylands' R Williamson.L. & N.-W 15 J Harrison,Houghton's 15 W Andrews, Orford l2 W Mee, P& K . H Fairbrother, Castle R 15 A Graham, Greening's o J Thomas, Rylands'... w. 4 T Middleton, Crosfleld's 15 W Smellie, Monks' H Bate Rylands' G Hatton, Whitecross ... 15 C Holden 10 H Bennett, P& K ...... 15 J Higham, Ryl„ands' D Stokes,Crosfleld's l5 J Gibbons, P & K 5 G Ball, sen. Thewlis ... 13 J Rudge, Rivet R Whitefle ld,L & N-W....13 R Siddall, Houghton's 1

O /lamblett, bye. SECOND ROUND.

The following is the draw for the round which will commence this afternoon at two o'clock : T Ellison s Joe Gleave, P& K s J Willett, Crostleld's 3 J Houghton .1-,. 2 W Randles, Fletcher's s J Melbourne, Orford... 2 J Gleave, Wbitecross J Mills, Whitecross 3 H Wareham, P& K ... 2 J Barton, Crosfleld's T Hatton, Monks' ... ...... 3 0 Ball, P& K s J Higgerson Fletcher's 4 J Appleton, Monks' II Siddall, Houghton's... 3 J Gleave, Greening's 3 T Daintith, t letcher's ... s 3Broadhurst,Fletcher's 2 J Middleton, Crosfleld's 2 W Barton, Fletcher's 4 J nudge, Rivet ... ..... 1... 3 G Monks, Rylands 2 A Siddall, Whitecross... 1 R Williamson,L &N-W 2 H Bennett, P and K 2 I Makin, Orford 3 R Tilling, Rylands' ...... 3 W Berry, Rylands' 3 R Smith, Rylands' 3 J Nock, Whitecross ... 4 3 Jackson, Crosfleld's J Hutchison, Robinson's 1 0 Jones, Whitecross ... 5 G Hamblett, Rylands' 4 J Harrison, Houghton's 3 -A Warbarton,Whitecross s T Thomas, Monks' 2 G Warlagrton,Whitecross 2 GI Armitage, P & K 3 J Welsby, Greening's ... 2 T Taylor, Rylands' 3 A Thornley, Wiaitecross 3 H Cook, Crosfleld's G Shaw, Rylands' 2 *3 W Sudlow, Longford 2 J Davies, Crosfleld's 3' C Povey, Orford 3 S Fair, Robinson's W Halloway, Longford 3 H Fairbrother, Castle 3 T Humphries, Rylands'... 1 J-Timmins, Monks' ... 2 G Shaw, Whitecross A Shelmerdine a T Deakin, Rvlands ... 2 R Edgington, Greening's 2 J Fletcher, P& K 4 'V Bradshavv, P& K 1 W Bibby, Greening's 3 J Hatton, Whitecross T O'Brien,Castle Rubber 2 J Hardman, P& K 1 W Foster, Houghton's ... 3 H Holford, Ropery J Jones, Whitecross ...... 5 J Howard, Crosfleld's 2 T Cor less, Whitecross ... 4 W Tomkinson, C'fleld's 3 H France, Rylands' F Miller, Rylands' 4 W Thomas, Monks 3 G Dunne, Rylands' G Maddosk, Whitecross 4 R Jefferson, Monks J Jefferson, Crosfielciq'... 1 S Massey, jun. W'cross 4 C Perry, Ropery 3 l'Carter, Whitecross 4 Ike Barlow, Whitecross 4 T Platt, nylands'

===== 0002601_19080905_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TAXATION OF LAND VALUES.

On Saturday night an open-air meeting at Bridge foot, Warrington, was addressed by Mr. JOHN BACOT of St. Annes-on-Sea in support of the taxation of Land Values, lie said the single taxers were the friends of all parties and all social reformers, in-as-much as they desire to place the finances of the country on a sound economict basis. Taxation could only be drawn from either land or labour and so long as the country neglected the former source, social reform oould not proceed. The reason for this was, that in all the schemes of municipalising and nationalising which were called ,social reform' wealth was withdrawn from productive 'purposes and devoted very largely to non-productive purposes. The fact remained, that we are no better off for all the expenditure, they are just as many poor people and it is quite as hard to get a living as ever it was. The reason for this was, that all public and private improvements increased (economic rent. As to the—remedy the audience were asked not to be misled by people who told them, that the Govern- ment could do this and that for them by getting money from the rich through income taxes and death duties or by what some politicians call taxing the foreigner. There was no one who had anything to give theta and if they had they would not give it. The only way by which social reform could be accomplished was to open I natural opportunities free to all. As land was the source of unemployment, land must be put to use and in order to compel the use of land there was no better I method than that of a progressive tax on land values. The success achieved in our colonies in Germany and else was inslanced, and the speaker concluded with an earnest appeal to bis audience to ally themselves with tlio Warrington Braneh of the English League. for the Tax ttion rif Land Values, so that Warrington might take its place in a forthcoming struggle for this great reform. _

11Tr.11. OCKEL also addressed some pertinent remarks to the gathering, one of which was, that according to Prof. Thorold Rogers, in the 15th century, a common labouring man could with 15 weeks work of 8 hours a day, support his family of five all the year round, and an artisan even with 11 weeks work, that meant in the former case .£l4O a year in to-day's money. If we now consider that several horse-power in engines are work- ing to-day foievery human being, and that the manifold inventors have enormously increased the productive power of men, they must come to the conclusion that the lowest paid man is earning and would receive under the single tax on land values at least £l,OOO a year.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at 13ewsey Chambers on Wednes- day afternoon, Dr. Murray presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. O. Mather,,W. Furness, I'. Longton, Forshaw, W. Stanier, W. Houghton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), Dr. 2eplaton (medical officer of health). F. lierfoot (inspector of nuisances), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor.) THE MOTOR QUESTION. The CIIAIRNI iN said he had received a letter from the Prime Minister acknowledging the receipt of the memorial from the Council on the subject of the nuis- ance caused by motor traffic in the district.

HEALTII OF THD DISTRICT. Dr. SEPHTON reported that during the month thero had been 14 births and 14 deaths. The death-rate was equal to 11.5 per 1,000 against 29 the average for the last three months, and 1513 for thesorrespondinr,° month of last year. Nine deaths occurred in the County Asylum, so that the death-rate proper for the district was 48 per I,ooo—a very low rate, especially for this time of the year. The infectious diseases notified were :—Diptheria, one case ; scarlet fever, one case. The report was adopted. TlI E ICSTIMATES. The CLERK submitted th estimates of expenditure for the ensuing half year. The general expenses necessitated a rate of sd. in the R. Special expenses were estimated as follows :—Burtonwood. £lOO ; Penketb, £lOO ; Rixton, £5O (includes painting contract &c.), Great Sankey,R3s ; Woolston' £10; Winvvick .£lO. The estimates were approved. ‘ GARDEN stnunns. The SURVEYOR submitted t plans for the first two batches of housrs ft:, the pi opoeed garden suburb at Sankey. He remarked that it would be a credit to the district if they could get a few more houses of that ,

. class. The plans were approved.

NON-fIAINTENNNCE.—James McGrail, of Earlestown, who has been freqnently before the Court for not pay- ing towards his wife's maintenance, was brought up in custody, his arrears being £6 Is. 6d. Ho said be was not earning enough to pay.—His wife said he had told I her he would not pay anything.—P.C. Rimmer deposed I that when he apprehended him he said he vretild not. —The Clerk (to plaintiff) : If he goes to prison you i will lose the money.—Plaintiff : lam willing to lose I it, because he never will give me anything.—Prisonar I was according committed for two months.

rLrlrJ

The Deadly- Gnat and Mosquito. Buo her death ft,a oeaurred A Hendon foll Owing th: sting tf a gnat. this e.aking the see.md in lets then a fortnigbt. A poweani Antidote prevent roan einfot and deadty occurrence,' will be found ici WONLDN ANIVPtO AMMOgrIt h is a elou 31e55 prep tration gving ttnnadiate relet ;,it II also a luxury for the bath. Beware t f imitations. bee Vi'crlo'a algnature..on. [Abe'. Price Is, per bottle, fro o

all ( bernists. Grocers, Itc: lOffices, 16 & 17 Devonshire Sonars, Bishopsgate, London, E C.

JOHN WALKER, & CO.

LITHOGRAPHERS.

BCOKBINDERS.

STATIO:4IO9.

BI:NWSEY STREtT WARRINGTON

Sold everywhere in boxes, price II (36 pills) ct 2/9 (168 pills).

Those suffering from Indigestion, who cannot take ordinary Tea, should drink SNELLING'S PATENT

3E" gir s.Aas It slimnlates the appal?, aids D'gestion, sacthes the nerves, ani prevents insomnia. This is a blend of nne Ceylon and Indian Teas, with spec:ally prera,ed English Hops. Packed in lib. tins at 2/. and 2/6 per lb. pest flee Send Postal Oreer to— SNELLING, LALIPARD, Is CO., 54 Crest Tower Street, London, E.C.

Ring up

Telephone No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING

PRINTING

PRINTING

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

===== 0002601_19080905_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
John Walker & Cos

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITUOGRAPHERS.

Examiner Offices BEWSEY STREET.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all clawes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EVE.CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any wto or pattern on b:ue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from y!ate or type.

CIECLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the belt wortunansttp.

PROGRAMME-I for Entertainm.mts, iConcerts ac., in the latest artletie style..

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing Bookbinding Lithography.

SICK, RECEIPT, atid EUBSCRIP lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap an effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Soho°le, Sefecons, Eervices o Song. Festivals, 14:..

CITALOGUES fur Public yid Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

pßr;:i; Lrir3 Printed on card or paper illui- trsted, If required.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS 1111

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest r.oster in

the district,

601 n. x 40in in one,sheet.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHER:SIM AND CATALOG DEL aus •CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRA!!"4IIIES'i

) INVOICES, PRICE 'LtSTS,I CIRCULARS,

.?AmPRLETs, Truz Booits,l Mum WoRK, CATALOG ITES,I • CLIIB BULEs,II PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EXZCZTED AT SHORT NOTTCT.9.

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

===== 0002601_19080905_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET FIXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

, -

===== 0002601_19080905_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET.

WARRINGTON

-- ~, - --.: :

/

t

. • _ ° . .

II

===== 0002601_19080905_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication tunAt in all cases send tht=ir names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. ,

Beautiful Warrington Society. ( Sir,—At the present time the B.W.S. is prominently ' brought before the public, by the splendid efforts put forth to bring about the creditable floral display on the occasion of the 3rd annual show. Much has been done since the formation of the Society and all praise is due to those who have laboured to improve and beautify our town. The exhibition at the Drill Hall on Satur- day last proves that it is possible to grow the most beautiful plants and flowers within the borough, in spite of the smoky atmosphere. Ti my mind the society is still in its infancy, and much remains to be done. The Chairman and others said at the opening ceremony that the number of patrons and exhibitors, leaves much to be desired. The people do not yet seem to realise that the effort is for them to share ; that the smallest front or back garden, window-box or window-plant can be entered for competition. It is pleasing to note that there is a considerable improvement in the number of small front gardens cultivated, but there are still many utterly neglected. A little help, encouragement and instruction might alter this and create a desire to beautify even the dismal back yards by the growth of shrubs and flowers. It is surprising what a change can be brought about in this direction. To my mind a personal canvass of likely householders in the town, would do more in a few months, than years of patient waiting ; this has been proved, time after time, in commercial, political, religious, and social enterprises. It could be carried out by a small committee in each ward. The distribution of booklets (as published by the One and All Association) to those becoming members would be helpful, also occasional meetings for lectures aud study in gardening, &c. It is the primary instruction that is mostly required to add further success to this movement, and I trust that something more will be done to increase the popu- larity of the Society's work. Yours truly, F. MORRALL.

C 3. Orford-avenue, Warrington.

"Daylight Saving Bill." Sir,—Absence from Warrington has not permitted my dealing earlier with the letter contained in your issue of the l Sth ult. relative to the Warrington Chamber of Commerce having passed a resolution in favour of the above Bill. A genuine examination by its writer of the proposals therein embodied would have avoided the necessity for the greater portion of his objections, as under them Greenwich mean time will continue to form" the basis from which time all over the world is reckoned." No doubt your astronomical but anonymous corres- pondent thinks like Sir Robert Ball as the latter humorously remarked, when giving evidence before the Select Committee appointed to inquire into the matter, that "daylight is a mistake altogether" but equally like him, I hope, will on consideration sympathise with the objects in view and agree that to bring more sun- shine into people's lives and thereby make the nation stronger, happier and healthier, is no bad form of patriotism. Brieff y, the effect of the proposals of the Bill would be:- 1. To move the usual hours of work and leisure nearer to sunrise. 2. To promote the greater use of daylight for recreative purposes of all kinds. 3. To lessen the use of licensed houses. 4. To facilitt.te the training of the Territorial

Forces. 5. To reduce the industrial, commercial and domestic expenditure on artiftial light. 6. To benefit tke physique, general health and welfare of all classes of the community. When these advantages can be obtained, not only without expense, but at an estimated annual saving equivalent to four-flfths of the annual interest on one hundred millions sterling of the National Debt, there is no single worlier in this country who should not endeavour to further a measure which has already received the approval of so many well-known men repre- senting science, industry and the professions, to say nothing of more than two hundred members of the Lords and the Commons. If the writer of the letter is inclined to disclose his identity 1 shall be only too pleased to discuss the matter further with him, either privately or publicly—l have, Sir, the honour to remain,HOLMAN KINGDON, (President Warrington Chamber of Commerce.)

===== 0002601_19080905_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Tariff Reform.

Sir,—l have rend with interest the various reports ol the rceetiegs of the Warrington Tariff Reform League. At the last gathering Alderman Bennett is reported to have dealt with my letter to the Press. As no report is given of what the worthy Alderman said I am unable to offer any comment. I would therefore deal with the general line of argument used at these and similar meetings. The main line of thought can be expressed as follows : Goods imported, if kept out by a tariff and made in this country, would employ a great number of English workmen and the amount paid in wages would he a gain to this country. We must keep our money in the country. If the speakers allow the con- tention of Frea Traders respecting the increase of price to the consumer, they contend that there would still be a large balance in favour of their policy. Suppose goods imported value £9O could be produced here for £lOO they argue there would be a gain of £9O to the nation. So from every platform this £9O, or its equivalent (which is looked upon as an extra amount of wages to the British workmen) is dangled before the audience to secure their adhesion to so-called "Tariff Reform." The speakers generally take some trade in which their hearers are interested, give the amount of manufactured or partially manufactured goods we import, and then ask the question" What does this mean to the workers? It means unemployment and an empty cupboard for the little ones." It may be contended by such speakers that the audience they address are not capable of appreciating the principle of exchange upon which all trade is based, and therefore they suppress it. They may ask if you were to teach the principles of dynamics to a street audience would you tell them that "every atom in the universe attracts every other atom with a force ,--cerertionatetoitS weight and to the square of its dis- Lance- ?-15 -11 ut it ia no Mare pouiblo in dpiarnics to Ignore the law of gravitation than it 1§ inttre national trade to ignort 'pri:rellii; of o*Xcliange, And this is what almost every Tariff Reform speaker does. The arguments used not only ignore it but by implication deny it, else why speak of "money going out of the country " just as if we paid for our imports In cash. I said almost every Tariff Reformer ignores the principle. There are exceptions, Mr. G. L. Garvin an able Tariff Reformers says "It is true that every import must develop a corresponding export." He goes on to argue that while it is true that imports are paid for by exports, that imports develop exports, Tariff Reform could be made to affect the character of the imports. This a very interesting phase of the argu- ment, but as it has not, as far as I know, been put forward in Warringten we may put it aside for the pre- vent and confine ourselves to local arguments. If as Mr. Garvin truly states every import develops a corresponding export what about " the unemployment, the empty cupboard, the food for the little ones " of those engaged in the export of the goods or the service rendered which pays for the goods which the Warring- ton Tariff Reformers would exclude? The £9O, spoken of in an earlier part of this letter, would only mean a transfer from one set of workers to another and the £lO representing the increased cost together with the wasted labour in collection of the taxes would be the extent of the national loss which would have to be borne almost in its entirety by the workers. CHARLES E. PARKER. Penketh, September 3rd, 1903.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S OPERA.

" Morrie England."

As will be seen from an announcement in our advertising columns the Warrington Musical Society's sixth operatic venture is now within measurable dis- tance. " Merrie England," which brought both its composer, Edward German, and the librettist, Basil ' Hood, into front rank as collaborists in light opera, is to be given by members of the society in the middle of October. The rehearsals, suspended since the third week in July, have now been resumed and great enthusiasm is felt on the part of all concerned— principals, zhorus and orchestra,—in the progress of the piece and in regard to its success with the public. It will be remembered, that this year the performances will be given in the Royal Court Theatre where the ample stage accommodation and the facilities for scenic display will doubtless be material helps towards what is confidently expected will be a triumphant success. The scale on which " Merrie England " will be presented for the first time in Warrington will be in every respect adequate and com- plete, special scenery and new costumes having been requisitioned for the occasion. In this connection it is interesting to note that the people in the cast, the chorus and the orchestra will make up 100 performers. Mr. Frank H Crossley will again occupy his accustomed post as Musical Director and Conductor and Mr. Foden Williams is again this year the opera company's coach and stage manager. The plan of reserved seats will open at the Royal Court Theatre on Wednesday morn- ing September 30th at half-past eight by which time the illustrated souvenir programme and summary of the opera is expected to be published.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Aukland—Clayton.

A wedding of considerable local interest took place at Tlaelwall Church on Tuesday, when Mr. Leonard , Aukland, son of Mr. Ephraim Aukland, Froghall-lane, was married to Miss Margaret Clayton, eldest daughter of Mr. Samuel Clayton, of Warrington. The vicar (Rev. T. Pym Williamson) officiated. The; bride was given away by her uncle, Mr. James Clayton, ; of Laurel Bank, Thelwall. She was charmingly attired in a cream serge costume ttimmed with silk braid, and white lace hat trimmed with chiffon and lilies of the valley, and carried a bouquet of white . roses, lilies and sweet peas. The bridesmaids -were ; Miss Dela Bond and Miss Georgina Carter, who wore pink-muslin dresses in the Empire style, with hats to match. Their bouquets were composed of pink sweet peas and were the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. Ernest Clayton (uncle of the bride) discharged the duties of best man. After the ceremony a reception was held at the house of the bride's uncle, Ur. James Clayton, Laurel Bank, Thelwall, and later the happy couple left for Blackpool where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride's travelling dress was a sax() blue co,tume with black picture hat, trimmed with ostrich plumes. Numerous handsome presents were received.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Bulling—Byrne.

There was a pretty wedding at St. Benedict's ! Roman Catholic Church, Orford-lane, on Tuesday, the bridegroom being Mr. Bernard Buffing, son of Mr. ! Frank Chambers Bulling, of Eastington, Yorkshire,and the bride Miss Annie Theresa Byrne, 216, Orford-lane, daughter of the late Colour Sergeant Richard Byrne, of the King's Liverpool Regiment. The Rev. T. 0. Swarbreck, 0.5.8., officiated. The bride, who was given away by her brother (Sir-Richard Byrne) was attired in a beautiful Empire gown of pale rose voile, trimmed with lace and embroidery, with picture hat of cream net trimmed with French roses. She carried a shower bouquet of white heather and lilies, and wore a pendant and brooch of amethysts, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaid was Miss Alice O'Leary, of Southport, whose dress was of whito raouseline de soie trimmed with Limerick lace. Her shower bouquet was com- posed of sweet peas and she wore a gold signet ring, the gift of the bridegroom. Mr. J. M. Bate acted as best man. Mr. Wilfred Hardiraan was at the organ and played choice selections. After the reception the happy couple left for Bridlington, Yorkshire, where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was a cream serge coat and skirt, with heliotrope hat. The presents were numerous and handsome.

Jones—Cooper. The marriage was solemnized at St. Paul's Church on Thursday of Mr. James Edward Jones, son of Mr. Jones, 14, Priory-street, Warrington, and Miss Ellen Cooper, daughter of Mr. Thomas Cooper, Blue Bell Hotel, Warrington. The Rev.. E. E. Peters officiated. The bride, who was given away Iby her father, was charmingly attired in cream voile with silver and silk trimmings, and cream crinoline hat trimmed with French plume, and carried a hand- some shower bouquet. She was attended by two bridesmaids -Miss Cooper (sister of the bride) and Miss L. Peers who wore embroidered muslin dresses, with white felt hats trimmed with black sequins, and carried bouquets of sweet peas. Mr. George Legge acted as best man and Mr. F. Worthingtoa,as grooms- man The reception was held at the Winmarleigh Cafe, a large number of guests attending. Later the newly married couple left for St. Annes-on-Sea, the bride's travelling dress being a mole colour.ed costume with hat to match. They were the recipients of numerous presents, including a cheque from the father of the bride, a Brussels carpet presented by the bride's mother, and an overmantel and clock from the office staff of Messrs. Fletcher, Russell & Co., Ltd.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Pearson—Mainwaring.

Holy Trinity Church was the scene of a fashionable wedding on Taesclay,when Mr. Arthur B. Pearson, son of Mr. Benjamin Pearson, of The Westlands, Tipton, Staffordshire, was married to Miss Rose Mainwaring, youngest daughter of Mr. John Mainwaring,of Wilson Patten-street, Warrington. Great interest was taken in the happy event and there was a large congregation. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in rich ivory cbarmeuse with a long trained skirt made in Empire style, the bodice being trimmed with Brussels lace applique and tulle outlined with silver, with a tulle veil surmounted with a wreath of white heather. She carried a handsome bouquet of white roses, gardenias, lilies of the valley, maiden- hair fern, asparagus fern and white heather. The bridesmaids were Miss Maud Mainwaring (sister of the bride), Misses Florence Pearson and May Pearson (sisters of the bridegroom). Their dresses were in the style of the Directoire period, made of pale blue lumineux silk and ecru point d'esprit with touches of black, gold and pink. They wore black picture hats with ostrich feathers to match and carried bouquets of pink carnations, the gifts of the bridegroom. Their ornaments were gold and turquoise pendants, also the gifts of the bride groom. Mr. T. McCaig, of Dudley, Worcestershire discbarged the duties of best man. Mr.W. B. Randall presided at the organ and played appropriate selections, the bridal party leaving the church to the strains of Mendelssohn's "Wedding March." The reception was held at the Masonic Hall, Bold-street, a large number of guests attending. Mr. R. H. Pearson s orchestra submitted a choice programme. Later the happy couple left for Folkestone and Ostend where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride's travelling dress was a costume of faced cloth in a pretty, soft shade of wood violet, the Directorie coat being trimmed with black braid and panne velvet, with hat in silk to match. 11Tany handsome present* were reeeiTed. 1'

===== 0002601_19080905_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

The season opened on Thursday uhen the first Northern Union match was played at Hull, where Bradford suffered defeat by .13 points to nil.

To-day Warrington shake the dust off their boots and visit Leigh to play a match which counts in three competitions : The Northern League, the Lancashire League, and the South-West Lancashire League. How they will fare is somewhat problematical, but in recent years they have asserted considerable superiority over their neighbours, and with bcth sides composed of familiar players there should be plenty of confidence in the Warrington men. Their win of 26 points to nothing last season should inspire them to brilliant efforts.

The following team has been selected, and is the best available : Tilley, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson, and Taylor, threequarters ; Lloyd and Brooks, half backs; A. Boardman, P. Boardman, Naylor, Belton, Jolley and Swift, forwards.

The only weakness on paper is forward, where such men as Thomas, Shugars and F. G. Jenkins will be much missed until they return from the land of the leek. The present forward line has certainly an old- fashioned look, but the men at least possess weight ' and expeiience and ought to be able to hold the scrums unless Leigh have got a very hot front rank this season. Warrington must try to make the game as open as possible, and the backs should be good enough to get the points.

Leigh's team will be : Clarkson, full back ;S. Johnson, T. Jchnson, Bennett and Neville, three- quarters ; It. Bate and 'Whittaker, half-backs, Ashton, Gallop, McMaster, Webster and Jones, forwards.

With three Warrington men on the home side the game should be interesting enough to attract a good crowd from both districts.

With so much signing on by NIT. clubs, it is pleasant to announce that Warrington have not been idle. They have secured the signature of Edgar Harris, a wing three-quarter from Blaenavon, S.W. Harris is only 21 years old, stands aft. 9ins. high, and weighs 10 stones 12Ibs. He has the reputation of being a sprinter, and in one trial match he played here he showed that he could 4travel at a speed out of the ordinary. Be is down to assist the "A" team to-day, and a half back may also come with him. Mclntyre, of Stockton Heath, has also signed on, and will act as full-back for the " A " team.

The " A " team plays Seedley Hornets at Warring ton and will be represented by AlcinLyre, fall back;

Landor, Jordan, Cartwright and Harris, threequarters, Daintith and Another, half backs • Harmer, Bradshaw, Kettle, Cheaters, Hewitt and Fairhurst, forwards.

Season Tickets are now on sale and a great demand has already been made for them, and the Treasurer confidently expects that a record membership will be obtained.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 5, 1908.

committee meeting at 9on the samb morning as the Board meetings instead of having an extra day. The Rev. M. RYAN said the increase of out relief was the very thing they wanted to prevent and that was one of the objects of his proposition. On the vote being taken the resolution was carried by a large majority.

ROMAN CATHOLIC INSTRUCTOR AT PADGATE. On the motion of Mr. BENT seconded by Mr. HOUGHTON it was decided that the Rev. F. Mimsley, of St. Peter's, Woolston, be appointed Roman Catholic instructor at the Padgate Homes at a salary of £lO per annum.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

There was plenty of excitement in the match between Warrington and Wigan at Arpley on Saturday and until the last few minutes it was impossible to tell who would win. The victory rested with the Warringtonians but there was only a matter of three runs between the teams. The home players are to be congratulated on their performance for the whole eleven worked wonder- fully well and the fielding was brilliant. A noteworthy feature of the game was the bowling of B. Silcock, who in the course oT five overs took six wickets for seven runs. To him much of the credit for the victory is undoubtedly due.

W. Bainbridge was again in first rate form with the bat and his 25 was faultlessly compiled.

St. James's eleven are to be acclaimed champions of the Warrington and District League, and they are -deserving of every praise on having got through the season without a single defeat. On Saturday they easily accounted for Cheshire Lines Engineers who for the second year in succession occupy the position of the runners-up. Holt and Hallam bowled splendidly, taking three wickets for five runs, and six wickets for six runs respectively. C. Holt with 19 was the top scorer, while J. Sherratt and J. Lester each made 18, the latter being not out.

In the Warrington and District League, Orford gave Holy Trinity a severe drubbing. A. Clare was in flne form with the willow and amassed 67, and W. Jolley contributed a valuable 31.

Walker's Brewery justified their position as champions of the Manchester and District Brewery League by handsomely defeating an eleven repre6enting the rest of the League. The Warringtonians ran up a majority of 30 with two wickets in hand, a feature of the encounter being the bowling of W. Norman who accounted for five wickets for ii runs. J. Cain (19) was the highest scorer.

Latchford Baptists severely trounced Monks, Hall and Co., A. Bramhall batting in grand style for his 45 not out. Not one of the forge eleven attained double figures.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

There is litte of importance to chronicle in the bowling world. Local interest is chiefly concentrated on the annual handicap in connection with the Works Association which is now in Pull swing. The first round was completed on Saturday and the second stage will be entered upon to-day. Last Saturday's scores, together with the draw for the second round, will be found in another column.

The cup presented to the Constitution Lodge of Oid- fellows by P.P.G.M. Thomas Steel is a very handsome trophy and there will doubtless be keen competition a fortnight to-day for the honour of being the firs' holder.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Harriers.

The annual general meeting of the Warrington Wesleyan Harriers was hold on Tuesday evening at the Silver-street schoolroom, when about 30 members were present. All arrangements for the coming season are now in hand, and practice runs are to be held from the schoolroom, Silver-street, on the evenings of September 15th and 24th, the opening Saturday run being held from the same place on October 3rd, when a good turn out is expected. Mr. H. Gill was elected captain, be having as his assistants Messrs. Massey and Gibson. Fixtures are being arranged with teams from Manchester, Liverpool, Runcorn, St. Helens, and Northwich, and a prosperous season is being anticipated. Anyone wish- ing to join will be welcomed on any of the above dates or any Saturday during the season.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. -- Mr. A. J. Jolley's Re-appearance.

THE ESTIMATES,

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, under the presi- dency of Mr. G. Mather. There were also present : Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. M. Ryan, Messrs. A. 4. Jolley, E. L. Bent, W. Gill, M. W. Seton, W. Flanagan, W. C. Brooks, W. Houghton, NV. Furness, A. Bottomley (clerk), R. W. Peacock (assistant clerk), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate Cottage Homes).

EPIDEMIC OF MEASLES. Ata meeting of the House Committee it vraJl-deslided that owing to an epidemic of measles all children under five years of age who might be admitted to the House he immediately transferred to Padgate Schools.

-LAST OF A CURIOUS CASE. The House Committee had under consideration a letter from the Town Clerk of Warrington with refer- ence to the case of Mary E. Tompkinson. The girl was committed to Holy Trinity Industrial School, Liverpool, on the order of two magistrates. She was at the time of her committal an inmate of the Cottage Homes at Padgate. For a long time the police authorities had paid the bill for the girl's maintenance at Liverpool, but recently the Corporation sent the bill to the Guardians stating that they had been pay- ing it in error and requesting the Board to undertake payment.—The Clerk explained that the Guardians were not bound to meet the plyment but subject to the sanction of the Local Government Board they had authority to do so and taking into consideration the fact that the girl was committed at the request of the Guardians and that the cost of her maintenance would have had to be borne by them, had the prosecution not taken place, he recommended the Guardians to pay the account and also the cost of the eirrti maintenance from Ist October, 1007, IThe Comaittoe Agreed to this course which now received the sanction of the Board.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
MAINTENANCE OF LUNATICS.-INCREASED COST.

_ A letter was received from the Lancashire Asylums Board intimating that the charges for maintenance would be increased from Bs. 9d. per week per patient to 9s. 4d., and that the increase would take effect on October Ist. _ _

COUNTY EXPENDITURE. The CLERK said he had received the County rate precept and the gross amount was £8,916.25. 7d. The CfrarnmaN : How does that compare with the previous year ? The CLERK : It is 670 4s. 23. more. THE ADMINISTRATION OF RELIEF. The Rev. M. RYAN moved that the resolution fixing the time of meetings of the No. 1 Relief Committee at 9.30 on the same day as the Board meetings be rescinded and that in future the committee meet at 10 a.m. on alternate Wednesdays to the Board meeting. He said his only reason for bringing forward the resolution was that the outdoor relief might be administered more effectively. One hour per fortnight was net suMcient time to examine the cases. Some days they had as many as 120 or 130 cases to deal with and it was a hardship on the Guardians as well as on the poor people that they should be kept waiting until long after the Board meeting to complete the relief business. Mr. GILL seconded and said the cases could not receive the consideration they ought to have in an hour. Mr. JOLLEY said the Board was quite entitled to expect from anyone who made a proposal of a some- what revolutionary character, as Father Ryan's undoubtedly was, much stronger arguments than had been adduced that morning. Behind the remarks of the mover and seconder appeared to be the suggestion that hitherto the persons applying for relief had not received proper consideration and that their cases had not been dealt with in a proper manner. Having presided over the administration of relief in the No. 1 district for many years, and having been specially asked to do it by the unanimous request of the Board when the change of policy was inaugurated—a policy which he ventured to think had been beneficial to the poor and to the ratepayers —he thought he was putting it mildly when he said that some stronger arguments ought to be expected by the Board before such an important change could be made. There was nothing in the sccial or industrial conditions of the district which justified the change at I the present time. If the Board wished to change its policy it was competent for it to do so but let them consider what the change meant. It meant that for a certain section of the Union area a much more lavish expenditure on out-relief was to be incurred—the expenditure not being levied merely on tho area in which it was spent but on the Union as a whole. It was much to be regretted that there should be such a small attendance of the Board when a matter of such great importance was under consideration. He pre- dicted that the increase which had already taken place in the Warrington portion of the Union would be very greatly increased if the resolution were carried. It would tend to sever the work of the Board as a whole from the work of the Guardians administering relief in that particular area. Mr. FURNFSS said they were all pleased to see Mr. I Jolley back in his place once more after such a long absence. It would have been well if more town Guardians had been present when an important departure of that kind was to be discussed. He (Mr. Furness) was, however, largely influenced by the state- ment of the chairman of the committee who had told . them emphatically that the time at their disposal was not sufficient to do justice to the applicants or to the • ratepayers. The Guardians were not justified in allow- • ing things to go on as they were. Miss BROADBENT said she did not quite see why the relief should go up because more time was given to the cases. She understood the idea was that the relief would probably be less if there was more time at the com.nittee's disposal. She, however, favoured the

===== 0002601_19080905_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
3m. S. DAVIES'S RESIGNATIO'S.

The CLERK reported that Mr. S. Davies had been away from meetings of the Board for a period of over six mouths and had not given any raason for his absence in order that the Guardians might extend his leave. Ile (the Clerk) gave him particulars with respect to his position and a letter was received from Mr. Davies's son tendering his resignation from the Board. It would be necessary for two Guardians to give notice in writ- ing in order that an election could take place to fill the vacancy in Howley Ward. Mr. FURNESS said one could not help expressing feel- ings of regret that owing to ill-health, Mr. Davies should have tcr give up his public work after 19 years' service on the Board. They would be lacking in their duty if they allowed him to sever his connection with the Board without expressing their appreciation of him as a public member and of his serviceson that authority. He moved a resolution to that effect. Mr. HOUGHTON seconded and said he had known Mr. Davies all his life. Mr. BENT and the Rev. M. RYAN' supported, the latter remarking that he had always found Mr. Davies to be obliging, gentlemanly, and conscientious. His anxiety to relieve poverty and distress was an outstanding feature of his character. The CHAIRMAN having added a few words, the resolu- tion was carried.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE CLERK'S SUPERANNUATION.

The CLErtx informed the Board that Mr. J. C. Sutton, the late clerk of the Board, was appointed on June 19th, 1972, and on June 19th last he completed 36 years' service. In accordance with the provisions of the Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Act, 1890, he was entitled to a superannuation allowance equal to 36-60th's of his average salary for the past five years. His salary as Clerk to the Guardians was £3OO, and as Clerk to the Assessment Committee £125, making an average bf £425. Thirty-six 60th's of that amount was equal to a superannuation of £255. On the proposition of Mr. BENT seconded by Mr. W. C. BROOKS it was resolved : "That in accordance with the Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Act, 1890, the superannuation allowance to Mr. J. C. Sutton,-late clerk to the Guardians and Assessment Committee, be fixed at £255 per annum, such sum being equal to 36-60th's of his average salary for the five years ended 24th June last."

===== 0002601_19080905_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ESTIMATES.

The CLERK submitted the following estimate of receipts and expenditure for the half-year ending Lad y Day, 1909,as prepared by him :

Egtimated Expenditure Expenditure for the half- for the half- year ended year ending' Lady Day, Lady Day, 1909. 1901 _

EOMOON FCND CHARGES.

-.-. s. d. - - is-. d.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
In-maintenance: Wo r k.

-- --- house 3410 15 6 In-maintenance :—Schools Out Relief (including non- resident Poor) Lunatics in Asylums 2151 16 10 Conveyance to Asylums Loans (Instalment an d Interest) f' 1074 0 11 Salaries of Moors OfTicers' Rations :—Workhouse 593 .2 6

Officers' Rations :—Schools Extra Medical Fees Superannuation Allowances Building and Repairs:—

174 13 4 •6 2 6 118 8 6

Workhodse . Building and Repairs:—

Schools Furniture and Property : VVoikhouse Furniture and Property :

Schools . Rent, Rates, Tames and Insur.

ance Stationery, Printing and . .

, Advertisement*, Paupers in Hospitals & Schools Registration Vaccination Legal Proceedings Union Assessment Committee Expenses Subscriptions to Hospitals, &c Audit Stamp Pay Station Rents Conference and Deputation expenses Schop.l. Fees for Non-Pauper

Children Newton Relief Office Expenses Fees for Visiting Lunatics Conveyance to Hospitals Office Gas, Water, Coal, ac. Settlement and Removal

. Expenses Selected Candidates' Expenses Saf e for Superintendent Registrar Furniture, _Safe, &c., for

Clerk's Office Sundry Accounts

- 173 18 7

===== 0002601_19080905_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
397 11 2

23 6 9

302 6 7

76 5 8

===== 0002601_19080905_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
217 14 2

186 13 9 132 6 11 147 13 6 02 5 3 23 7 3

135 0 0 22 1 0 15 0 0 13 8 3

31 7 0

22 10 11 12 13 10 0 10 0 12 9 0 17 17 3

===== 0002601_19080905_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
17 6 2 8 8 2

PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

There is an interesting entertain.nent at the Palace and Hippodrome this week and it has met with full appreciation. One of the most original turns is pro- vided by Thornbury, an artist in sand, smoke and oil, who produces pictures with marvellous facility. With a few deft touches he transforms a wild seascape into a charming landscape, with lovers' walk, and he ' further evidences his skill by giving a little ventriloqual j entertainment. Instead, of producing the usual stock- in-trade, he adds novelty to the performance by executing crayon drawings of the "dolls." There are a couple of excellent musical turns. Annie Schuberth produces a song scam, "The deputy " which meets with general acceptance. The scone is laid in a music hall dressing room, and the deputy, while awaiting her" call,' rehearses a couple of songs. She possesses a sweet voice of good compass and sings with taste and expression. Shirley, Liggins and Co., appear in " Farmyard pastimes ''—a feature which has proved immensely popular. There is nothing particularly distinctive of the farmyard about it except the scenic setting, the turn consisting of vocal items which are most artistically given. All the four per- formers have good voices and use them very effectively. The Tossing Austin, American comedy jugglers and dancers, keep the audience in rare good humour, the male artiste making it his business to present mystifying tricks and then with rare frankness to" give the show away." Edwards and Were score a success with their comedy duolgue " What a life" in which a domestic difference about the mother-in- law has an entirely. unexpected settlement. Violet Nunn is a pleasing singer of coEn songs and George James is a good comedian. Harry Luck fairly Con- vulses the audiences vvith his up-to-date comic songs. I Raymond's Bio-Tableaux as usual provide an interest- ing five minutes and the orchestra does itself credit in a couple of selections. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week the following artistes will appear:— Gus Harris, described as the world's greatest Hebrew character deleneator in his latest success, "Tis Primrose Day," giving a wonderful impersonation of Lord Beaconsfield ; Denwartz Troupe of unique juvenile lady acrobats; Sisters Brenton, comediennes and expert dancers ; Alfonzo, feet equilibrist and tranka wonder; Little Dando, the smallest eccentric comedian on the earth; Marie Jones, said to be the most versatile protean actress of the day, assisted by Ernest Munro, presenting the quick-change novelty duologue "The way to win a bet,." which includes six distinct characters and eight complete changes; Lily Eyton, character comedienne; Harry Cotton, , eccentric commedian,

===== 0002601_19080905_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
20 0 0 8 0 0

50 0 0

===== 0002601_19080905_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
50 0 0 200 0 0

I

===== 0002601_19080905_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
10050 5 10 17223 0 0

COMMON FUND RECEIPTS. Grant re Teachers in Poor Law Schools Grants re Rocistrars of Rirths and Deaths Grants re Lunatics Grants re ()Moors' Salaries &c 2899 0 0 *1650 0 0 Grants re Agricultural Rates Act, 1896 ... Receipts by Collector Receipts by Master and superintendent

131 17 9 *l6O 0 0

294 0 0 450 0 0

===== 0002601_19080905_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
273 15 11 453 16 1

1075 2200 000 175

359 0 0

25 0 0

400 0 0

80 0 0

, 250 0 0

150 0 0 150 0 0 150 0 0 450 0 0 25 0 0

135 0 0 22 0 0 15 0 0 14 0 0

32 0 0

25 0 0 13 0 0 1 0 0 13 0 0 13 0 0

===== 0002601_19080905_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
230 5 0 0

_ 5631 15 10 3267 0 0

Net Expenditure £10398 10 0 1391 L • 0 0 *These items represent half the amount of the claim. As the claims are not paid until March, and taking into consideration the fact that Tradesmen's Accounts and Officers' salaries will be paid monthly during the next half-year, lam bound to have a good balance in hand each month, to meet such payments. I recommend a call on the Overseers for the sum of £13,911, which sum will be met by a rate of 7d. in the 2. The CLERK pointed out that since the estimates had been prepared he had received notice of the increased charge for maintenance of patients in the County Asylum and that would mean an additional expenditure of £2OO for the half year which would have to be added to the amount of the call. Mr. JOLLEY moved that the estimates be approved and calls made on the overseers for 214,141, proportion- ately to the rateable value of each township. Mr. Jolley offered his personal congratulations to Mr. Bottomley on the first estimates submitted by him since his appointment as clerk. Th a form in which the estimates were submitted represented an advance on the form in which they had hitherto been submitted to the Board. Mr. Bottomley had given some information which it had hot been the cuato la, he (Mr. Jolley) regretted to say, to submit in the past and which when it had bean obtained had had to be asked for. Mr. Jolley suggested that in future theta should be given with the estimates a statement of the approximate amount of the balance in the treasurer's hands so that the Guardians could see exactly their financial position at the beginning of the half year. Mr. SETON secluded and the resolution was carried.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Presentation of a Cup by C011361101' Steal.

There was a large attendance at the Constitution I Lodge of Oddrellow3 on Saturday evening when P.P.G.M. Thomas S. Steel formally presented his silver challenge trophy to the trustees for annual competition in bowling amongst the members. In doing so Bro. Steel said he attached no conditions to the gift but trusted that the annual competition would tend to further cement the good feeling that existed between the members of the lodge. He favoured the social side of their membership and believed that I friendly rivalry in a game of bowls would create a lgood spirit amongst them. His one desire was to benefit the members of the Lodge and to promote a greater love for the Order they held so dear.(Applause.) The beautiful silver cup (which bore the following i inscription "Independent Order of Oddfellows (gatt-1 chester Unity) Friendly Society presented by P.P.G.11.1 'Thomas S. Steel to the Constitution Lodge (Warring- 1 ton District) for annual bowling competition amongst its members Bth August 1903 ") was accepted on behalf of the Trustees by p.p.G.m. William Daimith (the senior trustee) who remarked upon the magnia- I cence of the donor and the good spirit that had Iprompted the gift. Speeches containing many espres- sions of thanks were also made by P.P.GA. Joseph ITaylor (another trustee), P.G.F. Taylor (secretary), P.G. William Watson (treasurer), P.G. E. A. Burdett, 'IP.G. Henry Taylor (secretary of the Bowling Com- mittee), P.G. Peter Lester and P.G. Spann. A special Ivote of thanks was accorded to P.P.G.11. Steel for his gift and it was decided to play the handicap on the green of the King and Queen Hotel on Saturday the 119th inst. when other valuable prizes will also be competed for. Tile Cap is now on view in the window of lir. Wilfred Taylor, grocer, Buttermarket-street.

WARRING lON ED UGATION COMMITTEE. THE ACCOMODATION DIFFICULTY. More About Medical Inspection. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee was held on Monday evening at the Town Hall. Councillor J. Fulton-Smith presided, and there were also present :—Mr; 11. Roberts (deputy chairman), Aldermen Bennett, Evans, Ellison, Smethurst, Coun- cillors Ball, Dickenson, Pemberton, W. 13. Roberts, Sankey, Steel, Revs. James Davies and J. Yonge, Messrs. T. P. Bradshaw,A. J. Jolley, C. E. Parker, R.T. Fairclough,E. Plinston, J.Moore Murray (director),R.B. Roberts (assistant director),John Fairhurst (treasurer). SCHOOL FEES ABOLISHED AT LATCHFORD. I At a meeting of the Finance Committee, held on the 24th August, a communication having been submitted from'the managers of the Christ Church school, suggest- ing the abolition of school fees at that school it was, in view of the small amount of the fees received, resolved that consent be given to the proposal. The minutes were approved, on the motion of Mr. JOLLEY, seconded by Mr. PAIRCLOUGH. ONE TOWN COUNCILLOR EQUALS—? The Rev. J. DAVIES, in the absence of the Rev. Canon Stevenson, moved the confirmation of the minutes of the School Management Committee, and alluded to the resolution that Dr. Donald Fergason, of 186, Orford- lane, and Mr. Joseph Wilkinson, of 13, Folly-lane be appointed managers of the Beamont Council School in place of Mr. Councillor Lord, resigned. He asked if it took two gentlemen to fill a vacancy created by the resignation of a town councillor? (Laughter-) Councillor PEMBERTON (who seconded) : I think it does. (Renewed laughter.) Mr. PARKER said it was complained that Town Councillors had so much business in regard to other matters that there was a great difficulty in getting a quorum at school managers' meetings. That was the reason the Committee went outside the Council and co-opted two managers. MORE SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION NEEDED. Mr. FAIRCLOIMI4 moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Sites and Buildings Committee, and said they were no nearer than they were at the last meeting with regard to the provision of a site in Lovely-lane for a new school. Councillor PEMBERTON Seconded. Mr. PLINSTON said he regretted to hear that report. They had just passed over the following minute of the School Attendance Committee :—" A letter from the Board of Education intimating that the Board would be unable to approve the plans of the proposed alteration •of the boys' department of the parochial school unless the accommodation of that department is reduced to not more than 600—was read, together with a communication from the managers of the school upon the subject. After carefully considering the matter, it was resolved (a) that no objection be offered to the proposed reduc- tion in the accommodation of the school ; (b) that the attention of the Education Committee be called to the shortage of school accommodation for boys in this district ;and (c) that the Director be instructed to prepare, for submission to the committee at their next meeting, a statement showleig the school accommoda- tion in the various districts in the borough." That denoted that in the near future there was going to be very serious trouble, and he hoped, therefore', that the Sites and Buildings Committee would endeavour to do what was needed in the matter of accommodation. He attended a school last week and found three large classes in one room, with three separate teachers and three separate and distinct kinds of lessons being given. When he saw what was going on he thought of the raid by suffragettes on the House of Commons—(laughter)— as a terrible row was going on, and he was surprised that any progress SVAS made in the instruction of the children. There were other schools in the same con- dition. They could not in those circumstances expect the teachers to give that attention to the scholars that was necessary, and the schniars could not give the teachers the necessary attention. The minutes were passed. MEDICAL INSPECTION OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. The Medical Inspection Seb-committee reported that at a meeting that afternoon they bad diccussed the proposals of the Health Committee for carrying out the medical inspection of school children. The committee approved the proposals and empowered their Chairman and the Director of Education to purchase such apparatus as may be necessary for the prompt inaugura- tion of the work. In moving the adoption of the minutes the CHAIRMAN said they desired to get to work with the least possible delay. The proposals would give them an opportunity to see how far they could go to fulfil the requirements of the Act, and no doubt they would find there would be a great deal of work in store for all the officers connected with the inspection. Councillor SANKEY seconded. Mr. JOLLEY Said there was another matter not men- tioned in the Medical Inspection Sub-committee's minutes. It related to the appointment of a school nurse, and the Health Committee had decided to invite applications for the position. That was approved by the sub-committee at their meeting that afternorni. It was perhaps not desirable to say too much upon the subject at this stage, but it was very important that everybody should recognize that they were running a very grave risk of incurring serious- loss to to the rate- payers by the delay in carrying out the work of medical inspection—a loss through deductions from the grants in respect of this matter. The proposals submitted by the Health Committee were, in effect, those of which this committee approved on February 17th. It would be unwise to disapprove of them now, although they would have some grounds for doing so because they had been slightly altered, and the alterations were not for the better. They made the I scheme slightly less effective and rather more expensive. There was one matter which ought not to be passed over in silence. He noticed from the minutes of the Health Committee of the Town Council that" The Medical Officer of Health intimated I that he was in a position to start the work as soon as the preliminary arrangements were made by the Educa- tion Committee, and it was resolved :—` That the Town Clerk inform the Education Committee accordingly.'" All he had got to say was that that, to anyone who knew the real history of the matter, was a gratuitous piece of official impertinence which ought not to pass without severe comment. He for one was not going, as a representative—they were all there as representativcs, MOTO or less—to quietly allow impertinence of that kind from a paid servant of that authority. Mr. H. ROBERTS Said it was only perhaps fair to say that he did not think the Medical Officer of Health intended any impertinence in his suggestion. It was simply an intimation through the Town Clerk that he was prepared to carry out the work as soon as the Education Committee were ready with their part of it. The CHAIRMAN said he did not read it in any other light than that the Medical Officer was ready, waiting for instructions. Mr. H. ROBERTS said there had been so much feeling expressed on both sides, in which he had taken his share, that be thought it was betber now to sink every possible difference of opinion and recognize the fact that the importance of the work itself demanded serious con- sideration. • The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Latchford Wesleyan Church: On Sunday special services were held in the above church the preacher being Mr. Glover, of Widnes, when collections were taken in aid of the benevolent fund. Anthems were rendered by the Latchford Male Voice Choir (under the leadership of Mr. Fletcher), and solos by Messrs. Willett and Noden and the Misses Hangnail and Brawn. The sum of L 4 sa. was realized during the _ _ . .

day. The Benevolent Fund Committee have a worthy object in view in endeavouring, as far as possible to alleviate any deserving case of need which my come under notice in the neighbourhood, irrespective of creed or sect. _ _ _

' New Curate for St. Peter's Church. The Rev. J. H. Garnett. who. is lering.Orrell to take

up duty as curate in St. I3eter's parish, has been the recipient of several tangible tokens of goodwill and regret at his leaving St. James' Church, Orrell Hey, the presentations taking place at a social gathering. The congregation and friends had subscribed for a very handsome mahogany inlaid revolving bookcase and ornament, and these were presented to the rev. gentleman by a lady member, on behalf of the donors. Mr. Garnett, was also the recipient of a useful clergy- mm's pocket book and loose leaf diary from the Sunday school teachers. •

Methodist Free Church, Buckley-street. Camp meetings were held in connection with this i Church, n the morning on th 3 spare ground in Catherine - street, " Happy Jack " (Mr. J. Parr, of Leigh) and Mr. H. Woolley being the speakers. The forener related his experience of the Wood Pit Colliery disaster 30 years ago (he being the last one to be brought up alive), and also gave incidents in the recent Maypole Pit disaster. In the afternoon the service was held in Warburton-street, the speakers being "Happy Jack" and Messrs. T. Hewitt, Warrington, and J. Taylor, Cadisheati. The evening service was conducted in the Chapel and it took the form of an old-fashioned Slethodist love-feast, a meeting at which the members of the congregation are allowed the liberty of giving their experiences as Christians. The service was con- ducted by Bros. Parr, Hewitt and Taylor.

Baptist Churn, Golborne-straet. The Rev. R. E. Letheren's subject on Sunday morning was" Bells and Pomegranates" from a text in Exodus xxviii. verses 33-35. With & reference to the altered perspective in which the modern criticism of the Old Testament had placed the Tabernacle, and to the use of symbolism, the preacher said that the poets had left their footprints around these verses arid a quaint poem of George Herbert's and some lines of Mrs. Browning suggested the use he would make of the bells and the pomegranates, the one speaking of worship and testi- mony, and tlte other of sympathy and service. These I points were developed and then a third poet was I laid under contribution and William Cooper was quoted to show that the strength of the truth I suggested lay in the association of the ideas. The testimony of the lip may be golden but it will avail little unless our lives are fragrant end fruitful with sympathy and service. Worship must be wedded with work if either our own spiritual life or the church is to prosper. On the one hand one reads with fear and trembling such words as those in which Isaiah speaks of people thronging the courts of the Temple with their hands full of gifts and their voices blatant with professions of piety ; and the prophet calls them mere" temple treaders "and says that their worship is a very weariness to God, and that their i solemn assembly s wickedness, because it was divorced from holy living and human service. And on the other hand one's heart goes out to mon who are strenuously seeking to serve their fellows and lift other lives to higher levels and are yet alienated not only from the Church of Christ but even sometimes from the inspira- tion of religious faith. We shall never serve men for their highest ends save as we serve God in serving them. The golden bells of worship must be united with the pomegranate with its red heart of sympathy, it either our warship or our service is to be a success. The 'service closed with an appeal to decorate the hems of I life and sanctify the spare moments of time. We shall not save the world with our spare cash, nor with the spare moments of our time, but if Christian people will set aside a fair proportion of their spare time for doing God's service amongst men, such as the circumstances call for, they will make their own lives fruitful and fair and ring in the Christ that is to be. In the evening Mr. Letheren's subject was "Olympic Games," from 1. Corinthians, ix., 24-27. An interesting description of the ancient games was given, and various lincidents connected with the recent Marathon race were i referred to in illustration of the Christian life. The Late Ira D. Sankey.

At the Wycliffe Congregational Chui7ch on Sunday evening a memorial service to the late Ira D. Sankey was held, There was a large congregation and a number of Sankey's hymns and solos were sung. Miss Lucy Travis sang "Sowing the seed," Miss Armstrong "There were ninety and nine," and Mr. F. Brown "For you I am praying." The hymn "0 safe to the rock was sung as a quartette. The Rev. John Yonge preached from the words " With my song will I praise Bins" Psalm xxviii. 7. Mr. Yonge said that in thinking what Scripture word he should-take as suitable to his address a great many suggested themselves. Tho one just read, however, struck him as especially appropriate, because it found such conspicuous illustration in Mr. Sankey's life. Mr. Yonge went on to say that it was by no means every Christian man or every Christian woman, possessed of what was known as a good voice—who deliberately and unselfishly dedicated and consecrated it exclusively to the praise of God. Such lofty devotion of personal vocal gifts was exceedingly rare. He doubted very much if anyone in modern days had ever rivalled Mr. Sankey, in that particular. From early manhood until the last three or four years of his life, when he was stricken with blind- ness and general physical infirmity, that Christian man served his Divine Master and his fellow men singing the Gospel. It was well at the onset of their tribute to Mr. Sankey, to emphasize the notable fact that he entirely consecrated his talent of song to that highest conceivable service. Had he elected in the onset of his career to become a professional singer, there could be little doubt that a voice of such song, compass, and power would have secured him universal fame, and procured for him a considerable fortune. He might then afterwards have retired, as great singers had done before, at the head of his profession. Whether any such prospect ever dawned upon Mr. Sankey's imagination or dazzled him with its glitter and bright- ness, they did not knew. What was certain however, was, that when he came in early life to the experimental knowledge of the mighty love of Jesus, he freely gave himself to his Saviour and devoted to that Saviour's service the noblest faculty of which he possessed. Continuing Mr. Yong° said that Mr. Sankey had not much although he had some of the faculty of speech. His colleague Dwight L.-Moody had none of the faculty of song, he could not have raised a tune—it was said, to save his life, but be had or at least he acquired and developed a great gift of speech, so that he could sway huge multitudes by his gospel message. But Sankey had a supreme and unique faculty of song, and he laid that, as the offering of love upon the herd's altar, probably thereby effecting as much as far reaching good as Moody did in his preaching. What a blessed thing for the world it would be if recalled now by Sankey's , death to the memory of the signal conseoration of , those two devoted men. Others in many parts of the world, would emulate an influence which should spread I everywhere for the salvation of the world. Sankey and Moody at first met with considerable coldness and distrust from Christian people, Christian ministers, in this kingdom, but it was simple truth to say that soon they dispelled all that state of feeling by their persist- ence, their nndoubtable honesty and by their absolute unselfishness:All classes went to hear them from Royalty down to the poorest of the poor, and the worst of the bad. Our present Queen, then Princess of Wales, fre- quently heard Moody preach in London and loved Sankey's songs and solos. Archbishops, bishops, clergy, ministers of all churches were won to sympathy and were frequently in the assembled congregations. How- ever the lovers of the more stately and venerable and possibly more poetio hymnody might criticise and reject, there was no doubt that people had been caught and held by Sankey's songs and their captivating melodies. To-day many of Bankey's hymns were included in every book of church songs. Anglicans, Nonconformists as well as the more Undenominational Churches used them freely. They are sung among French Protestants and had been trans- lated into many of the tongues of the heathen world. When Mr. Sankey was in Jerusalem he heard some of his songs sung in Arabic. rhe Jerusalem, sing them and natives of New Zealand rejoiced in them. They had been heard in Rome sung by the Italian guards of the Ring of Italy. The universal prevalence of his (Sankey's) songs led him (Mr. Yonge) to make one very emphatic remark. It was widely said when Sankey and Moody were in this country that their work was a great money-making affair, and that the sale of their hymn books produced vast sums of money. The verified fact was that neither Moody nor Sankey would touch a penny of that money. The 'Times" newspaper in a notice the other day of Mr. Sankey's death definitely stated that Sankey might have claimed large copyright fees in view of the fact that so many of the tunes were his own, but he never made any such claim. The whole fabrication was disproved by some of the foremost men in London in the years when this mission was carried on, and absolute proof of the question was given. What was true was the simple fact that from the profits on part of the hymns and solos, the philan- thropic and educational establishments since carried on under Mr. Moody's superintendence in America were built and supported ; and those remained as lasting memorials of the vast work those two men were the means of doing. The collections at both the morning and evening ser- vices were in aid of the sufferers by the Abram disaster.

At the Trixles —aril Commerce Exhibition, which opens at the Drill Hall, Widnes, on the Bth September, and remains open until the 18th September, one of the most artistic stands is that of Van Houten. It is in the form of a miniature refreshmint saloon, perfectly , and artistically fitted up. The world-famed Van I Houten's Cocoa is served at Id. per cup, this including a biscuit and a dainty serviette, in addition to which , ladies desirous of trying the cocoa at home, are readily supplied with a tin containing sufficient Von blouten's Cocoa for sovsral cups.-

===== 0002601_19080905_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS

Latest Quotations BANK RATE 21% SETTLING DAY SEPTEMBER 11711 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES-FRIDAY NOON Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day BRITISEI FUNDS. £ Consols n% 100 ..85a 2/% Annuities 100 .91* 21% Annuities 100 .83k Nt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 lOO .99i Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO Bank of England Stock lOO -270 India Stock 100 -991 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 12i -374 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .35 London and County 20 ...92 - London and Westminster 2O ...50 Manchester and County l7 -57* Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 -46* Parrs 20 -.85 Union of London 15i -.341 Union of Manchester , ll ...25a Williams Deacons 8 -244 NOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 _Bll Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 53 Great Central Deferred 100 ...111 Great Central Preferred lOO -20* Great Eastern lOO ...625 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...42 Great Western lOO -.llB* Lancashire and Yorkshire , 100 ...86* London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...98 London Chatham and Dover lOO ...10a London and North-Western lOO -1314 sd London and South-Western lOO ...133 Metropolitan lOO ...36* Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO .54* xd Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. 100...62 xd North British lOO .31 North Eastern Consols lOO ...127a scl North Staffordshire lOO .88* xd South Eastern lOO .60 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. $ Canadian Pacific lOO .177 ad Grand Trunk of Canada lOO . 211 Do. Guaranteed 100 . 941 Do. Ist Pref. lOO . . 106 Do. 2nd Pref. -s. lOO .951 Do. 3rd Pref lOO .52.1

SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO ~18/0 do. do. do. Porn]. 5% Prof 10 ..26/0 ' BREWERIES. , Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Pref. 10 -1601 Bell and Co. Ord lO .92 Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO ..5; Chester's Ord 10 ..9 Groves & Whitnall 5% Cum. Pref 10 —5/ Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO .340 Irb Parker's Burstein Ord. lO ..81- Springwell Ord. Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ...21 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...8j INDUSTRIALS, /fco Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. Pref. l. ...17/6 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 ...20/7i Boy. Ord. (7% Curn.) 1 —2O/3 Bradford Dyers Ord I. 20/3 adi Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 —2l/0 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ..6a British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Prof 5 ..61. Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...£5 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Prof. lO ..17,1 , Buxton Lime Firms lO .62 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 ..7/9 , Costner Kellner Alkali 1 -32/9 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ..8 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Pref. 10 —9l Crostields, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO —9l Crosaeld, 41% 'A' Deben lOO .91 xd English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 .26/9 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...8a do. do. do. do. B 8 ...62 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., 0141 —2ll- xd Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Prof 'lO ..11 xd ' 4% Dohs. Red 100 .92 xd Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 ..30/6 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Pref. 10 ...11/- Lipton Ordinary Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. ....1 ...2; do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 —62 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Pref. 5 .3; Nantyglo & Blaine, 8% Pref. ...... —621 ...74 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 52 do. do. 6% Corn. Prof 5 .61 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...11 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 V- - Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord —331 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Prof. 4 ...5? Salt Union Ordinary ...151. United Alkali Ordinary - do. do. 7% Cum. Prof. lO -10'4 xcl do. do. Deb, lOO ~.1102 Vulcan Foundry 1 .31/- Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... N ...6& xl do. do. do. do. do. lO .91 xi Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 ...20,'- do. do. do B Shares Warrington and District Bilipost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 —l7/6 MINES. British South Africa (Char? 1 . 16/9 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 ...41. East Rand Proprietary 1 ...41 Hendersons I ..419 Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 22/- Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...35/- Oceanas. 1 .14'4

Rand Mines 51- Randfonteins 1 —3119 _

Rhodesia Exploration 1 ...23i3 Tanganyika 1 .3.4 Transvaal Estates 1 ..13/7i Zinc Corporation 1 .6/0 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO ...109& do. Def. Ord. lOO ...119 do. Ist Pref. 614 lO ..11 do. 2nd Pref. Minimum

_ 6% lO —.102 Nat. felephone 3',/0 Deb. Stock lOO ...99 The above list and prices have been compiled bl Messrs. T. and J. L. Tanstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Tlewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Ira D. Sankey .

Among a number of interesting recollections of the- late Mr. Sankey in the current 193119 of the Christi(l);; is an account by Mr. W. Hind Smith of how Sauke' came to sing in this country. It arose out of a C 391131 visit paid by Mr. Moody and Mr. Smith to a Manchester music-hall in IS'2: " After an evening meeting," writes Mr. Smith. ' Mr. Moody said, When do the people spena their evenings ? ' I replied that the music-ball was the chief place. Lot's go to some of them, said Mr. Moody. I took him first to a popular place in Doansgate, where we heard a girl singing' Mr. Moody in his own quaint way, said, That 101 has got hold of the audience. I see the peopla. like to hear good singing.' From this place We went to the Oxford Music Uall, where the poopl° were crowding in after the close of the theatres. . . . As we stood, Mr. Moody said somethin4 like this, I say, Hind Smith, I see the people have good singing. I have a friend in Amerl9l connected with the Y.M.C.A. who is a splendo singer ; his name is Sankey ; if I live to cora° over again I will bring him with me—see if I doel' He did, and the result everybody knows.

Sir H. Seton-Karr Adopted for Berwickshir

• The central council of the Berwickshire Union] Association on Thursday afternoon unanimous recommended the adoption of Sir Henry Seton-lCa' ex-M.P. for 'St. Helens, as Unionist candidate Berwickshire at the next election.

Marriages. WARD —HAYES —August 29th, at the Parish ChurO! , Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Marti Ward to Mary Jane Hayes. TAYLOR—MILLS—August 30th, at the Parish Charci Warrington, by the Rev. A. J. Bratt, John Taylor Ellen Mills. WAKEFIELD—WIIALLEY—August 31st, at the POP Church, Warrington, by the Roy. A. J..Bratt, W3lti Wakefield to Neta Grett y Whalley.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN IiV.„,ALI & Co., at The Examiner General Printing ri° Bewsey-street, and published by them at the place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victorls-1 WIDNES •• 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, MR' g treat, EARLESToWN; Church-street Ruxcouv. sth, NOS.

===== 0002601_19080905_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, :11.a;

===== 0002601_19080905_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
:Lip FE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BEWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON. IRROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER SYN. 1902. REV. J. YONG% 10.30 AND 6.30. ORDINANCE OF TEE LORD'S SUPPER AFTER THE EVENING SERVICE. USUAL OF P.S.A. FOR MEN ONLY 3 P.Ar. BAPTIST CHURCH. LATCFIFOKO. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SEPTEMBER 6th, 1908. ',Morning 10.30. MR. LLEwfmt.yri. Evening 6. MR. F. ALBINSON. , OFFERTORIES. BAPTIST CHURCH., GOLBORNE STREET, To-MORROW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6ra, 1908. :PREACHER t Rev. R. E. LETHERRN. Movorinro 10.85. EVENING 6.37. Afternoon 3. " Brotherhood." Meeting in " Upper Room " comer of Legh Street. MEN HEARTILY WELCOME. Wednesday 2.15. Week Evening Service, WARRINGTON WOMEN'S CIRCLE GOLBORNE STREET. OPENING OF FIRST SUSSION, SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 6Ya. AT 3 O'CLOCK. SPEAKERS IMF. JAMES DODDS AND MRS. LETHEREN. BE WSEY-ROID WESLEYAN CHURCH. To-moußow (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 6TH. MORNING 10.30: Rev. THO AS MILLER. EVENING 6.30 Rev. F. WALWYN KENRICK, (The newly oppointed Minister for Penketh.) All Welcome. Hymn Hooks provided.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- - - MR. FRANK MACNAGRTEN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY-9-0 MONDAY NIIXT, SEPTEMBER 7ra, 1908. GUS HARRIS Hebrew Character Delineator in " 'Tis PriMTo4e Day." Wonderful impersonation of LO SD B d Al3O NSFIELD. SISTERS BRENTON, Comedienne, and Expert Dancers. ALFONZO, Feet Equilibrist and Tranka Wonder. RAYMOND'S 810-TARLEAUX LITTLE D A.NDO,The smallest Eccentric Comedian on Earth. MARIE JONES, Protean Actress, assisted by Ernest Munro in the novelty Duologue" The way to win a bet." LILY EXTON, Character Comedienne. HARRY COTTON, Eccentric Comedian. DENWARTZ TROUPE of Juvenile Lady Acrobat,. First appearance in England. Gallery, 3d.; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6th; Early Door, Pd. Circle, is,; Early Door, is. 3d.

13 OLD.S T R E E T WESLEYAN CHURCH.. To-MORROW (SUNDAY), SAPTEMBER 6TH, 1908. REV. E. BLANSHAIID EBELING. Newly Appointed Superintendent Minister. MORNING 10.30. EVFNING 6.30. SPECIAL MUSIO. COLLECTIONS IN AID OF TRUST Fli2D.6. ... / MONDAY EVIININO NEXT. SEPTEMBER 7TO. I-IRANI) ORGAN RECITAL To OOMMENCE IT S PIIO3OT BY D . MR. AVID CLEGG The world-famel Organist an 1 Composer who has given , ever 3000 recitals on o,e organ in the principil cities of the Eritish Isles, the Continent, mil America. A SILVER COLLECTION will be tailed at the door in Fda Of the Trust Funds.

SANITARY ALTERATION. 1) MOONEY 6: CO., CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONCRETE,, FLAGGING, AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOB GOOD Vironr:. 27, WARWICK. ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. TeL : 3679.

}JILL CLIFFE unisr CHURCH. AUTUMN AL SERMON, - EUNDAY, SEPTEMP.ER 13T1r, 1903. PREACHER : t‘: REV, A. WALKER, OF BRADFORD, SEnvlCti AT 2ao AND 6.30. . SPECIAL HYMNS AND ANTHEMS BY Tar. CHOIR. \kt COLLECTIONS IN AID OF CHURCH FUNDS. dlO A HEARTY WELCOME TO ALL.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per or, cOVERLBTTH I TAILS OP I FizoM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EICS. HAIR. 5/6 TS BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

BIRKBECK BANK. EsTAIILISHED 1851 SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 21 PER CENT. INTEREST allcy.ed on Deposit ACCOMIES repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Checpe Bcok. All General Banking Business transacted. ALIIANACR, WITH FULL PAITICUL4.B, POST FREE. C. F. RAVENbCROFT. SRCRETARY

NV ARRINGTON AND DISTRICT CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR UNION. UNDER THE ALTSPICE3 or THE ABOVE 112,101.7, A STREET COLLECTION WILL BE MADE FOB THE WARRINGTON NURSING ASSOOTATION, SATURDAY NBXT, SEPTEMBER 12TH, 1908.

DRAW FOR TOOLS of the late BRO. J. 10 AGAN. —Winning Nos. t 1601, 1411, 1622, 5, 1413, 852, 906, 1176, 921, 89, 129, 1416, 1423, 1173, 1618, 1418, 925, 1956' 872, 1157. Prizes may he obtained after September 17th from MRS. FAGAN, St. Benediet's Place. Orford lane.

TRB ORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PFIBPARIM to RBORIVH LOANS, either at six month. notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

i " ROYALmoTDUctlItty SEVTEIZRIT, 7TWii,AItI9R3IBI3 CITON . AND DURING THE WEEK. - TOM H. TAYLOR'S COMPANY ' INCLUDING M 133 SIDNEY CROWE, , FROM TEM ROYAL ADELPEII THELTRE, LONDON. THE WORST WOMAN IN LONDON." BY WALTZII MELYILLIT. TIME AND PRICES AS USUAL. Beate booked at the Theatre 11 to I. daily, and 8 to 9 p.m.

l‘p. LEVI RICHARDS_ON, TEACHER OF SINGING, 212, W ILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY, W

AMALGAM AT ED 'MUSICIANS' UNION.- WARRINGTON BRANCH. AFFILIATED TO TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL. The above Branch la OPEN TO SUPPLY ORCHESTRAS for any CLASS OF ENCIAGEMENT AND ANY NUMBER OF MUSICIANS FOR CONCERTS, BALLS, GARDEN PARTIES. &C., &C. FOR TERMS APPLY F. DAVIES, SEC., 112, Lovely lane, Warrington.

IN Aid of the funds of the Warrington Musicll Society. RO DLL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON, ""a-iNDAy TO SATURDAY (Isccustvg) OCT. 12T11 TO 17TE, SIX GRAND PERFORMANCES Of the New and Original Comic Opera in two Acts MERRIE ENGLAND BY 13AS/L HOOD AND RDwAItD GERMAN BY MEMBERS OF THE MUSICAL SOCIETY. SPECIAL SCENERY AND COSTUMES. nINCIPALS, CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA NumnzaiNo OVER 100 PERFORMERS. PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS will open at the eilorAL COURT THEATRE OH WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30th, at 4" SOUVENIR PROGRAMME of the orera vith Zuntrous illustrations and a Summary of the Words and Of the opera will be on sale at the Theatre and at the cir Tull music shops in the town at the date-of the opening ;411nlan,—price 6d. Urther particulars In future announcements.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON INCORPORATED _ FERMANENT BUILDING BOMB 11C. Incorporated 1673. Advances at low rates of interest made to Shareholders to enable them to build or purchase their own houses. Repay- ments by easy instalments. times £lO each payable by monthly instalments of 10s. may be taken up at any time and deposits from smal Investors are particularly invested. The Dividend to thareholders has never In any Tear since the tiociety's Incorporation been less than £4 per cent. The Society was never in a sounder position. For further particulars. Books of Rules. Ac. apply to the Manager. T. A. SUTTON, Legh street, Warrington.

CHORAL SOCIETY.—Mr. J. M. MUIR, A.R.C.0., Will he glai to RECHIVII the NAMES of LADISS -""d 411.1STLEMEN with a clew to the formation of a choir I;_atoce. for the pr settee of unaccompanied vocal music, viz., `drigals, Glees, Part Songs. Ac. 184, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. WARRINGTON.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, Scc., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGEPAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, IHRATRICAL BAND UNIFORMS. LIVEHIBS,ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT sum at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS,BLUCHERS,WELLINGTONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLIOIi (JAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, 328, end 340, Deansgate, Mancnester. Established 60 Years. UelepLone No 413

OF WARRINGTON. EDUCAIION COMMITTEE. SCHOOL OF ART, Museum Street. ENTRAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. Palmyra Square. INrys‘ is,,-..RIKEDIATE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.ArpIey Strest. fIANCH TECHNICAL SCHOOLS, Fairfield, Hamiltin Street, Heathside, and St. Mary's. Re-open Monday, 7th September, 1938. _ SYLLABUSES and further particulars may be obtainel from the Superintendents of the schools or from Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY, SankeY Street, Secretary and Director. August 21st, 1908.

I.II.AGBEL" 'RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIEL MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 2r. Id., 35., 4s. 6D., AND_6I. Bn J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LADE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By Englieh Labour. Local Agent: J. HIMEIWORTH, Market Hall. Warrington

THE PUBLIC ARE EHOWING a DAILY INCREASING INTEREST IN THE SCOTTISH NATIONAL EXHIBITION, SAUGHTON PARK, EDINBURGH. OPEN TILL OCTOBER. 1908. The Rahlbltion has attracted Univereal attention because of its uniqueneas. It appeals to all lovers of the Picturesque, and to ty.l7 devotee of Nationality. Its interest is not restricted to the Home Country. It has a vital interest for the whole Empire end the Whole World. NATIONAL COLLECTION OF RAREST SCOTTISH RELICS, MAGNIFICENT ARRAY OF SCOTTISH ART SCOTLAND'S FOREMOST PIINTEN.3—PAST AND PRESENT. "LENDID INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITS FROM MANY COUNTRIES. FAMOUS HOME AND FOREIGN BANDS, CONCERTS, ORGAN RECITALs, -PIJLAR AMUSEMENTS, NOTABLE NOVELTIES. ON 2f,rn AND 26TH SEPTEMBER, I.—GREAT SCOTS HIGHLAND GATHERING. 0 FIFE RANDS, SCOTTISH MUSIC, HIGHLAND IkriClISG, BY ECOTS FROM ALL PARTS OF ECOTLIND, ON SAME DATE AS ABOVE IL—GREAT SCOTS NATIONAL wen SANGSCHAW. --DIE CHALLENGE SHIELD AND RAPIER SILVER CUP FOR SENIOR AND JUNIOR CHOIRS. PIEST-CLASS SCOTS CONCERT EACH EVENING. THESE EVENTS ARE OF UNIVERSAL INTEREST. OF ADMISSION :-17 a.m. to 10 p.m., Adults, Child n, 6d. RP 00L AND NORTH WALES SAILINGS (Sundays included), From Prince's St. suri2 Stage. 10.45 a.m., by LA MARGUERITE (Friday all.. Taint)), for LLANDUDNO, BEALIMARIS, BANGOR, j; MENAI BRIDGE, due back? p.m. ko..ott•re Selling, 2.15 p.m., Saturdays, sth and 12th, and 9,4rtqa 7th and 14th. ISLE OF ANGLESEY TRIPS, th, M Sunday September 6th. For fares, Ac., apply bteerDool and North Wales Steamship Co., Ltd. T. G. 1,0.......,...re5ee.cretary, 40, Chapel Street, Liverpool. Gulde, 3d. Through bookings daily from Principal Stations. 1441 N ()LAN SAILINOS 10 GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. Pro " PRINCESS LOUISE" OR OTHER STEAMER. (el LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW tiernenee Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28,North Side) ThWePt. sth 5 p.m. Tues. Sept. Bth 2 p.m. 10,30 p.m. Tueos.,.,Sept. 10th 10 p.m. Sat. Sept. 12th 2 p.m. .10.30 p.m. oePt. 15th 1 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 17th 2 p.m.7.10 p.m. S,,L'r.ain from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Erzc!id reduced through tickets from Warringtou,Widnes AC. shale, let Class cud Cabin 112. 6d. ; Single, 3rd Class and C4erage 6s. Return (valid for two months) ht Class and 3rd Class and Cabin, 17s. 11 days Excursion Tickets : Cabin 145., Steerage NI. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER, BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL. Bpitc. SPORTING GUNS. arena_ tAL OFFER, on account of over-production. We offsriug all grades of guns at actual cost. Orders Lb ,ated In rotation. Anyone requiring a gun it will pay 485,, Etc°, Write us at onse. Our special Double-barrel Guns 60s, 8.) and Vs. Actual market prices for these guns 505., ord:rrld 801. Guaranteed British Material throughout. All Ititart, to be accompanied by P.O. or H. Order. Estab. CeDtur7, THE STEELHOUSII GUN CO.. STRELEGUSE LANE, BRIBING HAISL

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THEIBEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND IS. SD., EACH waoLEser..ll,,BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

D lARRHCEA. During the last half-century everyone travelling In hot climes liaa made a point of carrying tome DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOR ODYNE, to as to stOp Immediately an attack of DIARR HCEA, DYSENTERY OR CHOLERA. Hot weather In the British Isles strikes suddenly, and everyone should take a little precaution. Don't wait fill you actually need the Chiorodyne, but always keep it • by you. Avoid disappointment and Insist on having DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S HLORODYNE. IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM. Of all Chemists, le. ILd., 2s. Pd. and 4s. Cd.

CHANGE OF ADDRESS. C• JACKSON HOL M ES, INSURANCE BROKER, QUEEN'S CHAMBERS, 26i, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GREATER CONVENIENCE TO CLIENTS HAS REMOVED TO THE ABOVE OFFICES. SPECIAL RATES QUOTED FOR ALL CLASSES OF INSURANCE. Telephone 383.

STEPHEN MOSS S..' SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF ;AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ,ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON.

I TRY THE MARE NEW TONE PERFECT YOUR DIAPHRAGM the moat natural rerroduction yet obtained. GRAMOPHONE FoR EDISON TYPE MACH/NE, 2s. For Gramophone and Zonophone ard PERFECT, other Disc sound Boxes,3l. Fitted free JAKE of charge. If Sound Box Bent by poet remit 3d. extra for return postage. --.. CAN TELL JAKE GRAHAM, YOU HOW. 76, dr 76A RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A CHOICE CIUARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco, Ed. per Oz., 2s. 61. per Ib. box. T. SUDLOW & CO., CIGAR MERCHANTS,/ 15, WISIVICK ST., AND 65, BUTTERSIIRKET ST., 11741.1LIIISGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

NUIVJES ! NURSES ! ! /NURSES !! ! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY RASE, ANY DISTANCE, NIGHT on DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION. (ESTABLISHED 3) YEARS). HOPE HOUSE, HOPE ST., LIVERPODL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegfrarns : " Nurses," Liveennel.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 1 79 BRE?. ER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Base's Pale Ale, Basies NO. 1 Strong Ale, Worthington's and Ailsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Blttere Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IR BOTTLE, ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATER'S.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,400,000 84, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 18 JOHN DALTON ST, Agents required in unrepresented aistricts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr.C.J.HOLMRS, Queen's Cbambers,Sankey at, „ Mr. W.ll. RlGBEY.Nesseliffe,Victoria-rd.,Latch c7rd St. Helene Mr.J.B. LEACH, Hardshaw-strest Haydock.. andbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

T)HOTOS PROM LIPS, Model Studkes, Stereos, Beauties, etc., 100 small photos end two large ones 45. P.O. or stamps. RECKNAGEL BACHE, MUOICH (G/BIIMANY).

REITABLIBHED 1E33. MRS. THOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33 MARKET STREET. BARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

OTOR-OAH. Beeston Humber, 8 b.p. ; seat two; 3, speedy, forward and reverie; in first -class condition througt out. Further particulars and trial. Apply WILKINFON. Queen it.. Chester.

4;2 PLIINDID TURNOUT.-151ew Dog Cart (co nvertible), 13 Van, Harness, and vary fast (Job, warranted ; suit butcher or baker, cost £5O; what offers ? trial all owed ; also first-class Hand Van.—HILL, Baker, Allithwal te, Orange- Over-Sands.

COVRNTRY CYCLB.-191ust marvellous bargain ever offered: Gent's high-grade 1908 Cycle ; absolutely al/ new; ball-bearing, free•wheel, two roller lever rim-brakes, silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyres (not soiled), beautifully enamelled, lined and plated, mudguards, and all accessories complete; cash urgently required; will sacrifice for £3 I2s. approval before cash sent,—T. HUSBAND. 30, Alma St., Weiton-uper-Mare.

- (IYOLIEM—BARGAIN ; Lady's and Gent's Cycles for Sale; V no use t owner : just as new. not ridden ; 2 Coventry high-grade machines, free wheels, 2 brakes, plated rims, and all parts beautifully plated, lamp and bell, all with cycle ; will send on approval before cash sent : magnificent bargain and worth double ; will sell either £3 103. cash—Apply Tom HUMPHRIES, bhlrley, Ellenborcugh Park rd., Weston- super-Mare.

flYCLH.—Ladles no rubbish, great bargain, Magnificent CYCLI3, Highest Oracle Coventry Machine ; perfectly new, not soiled, only ridden a few times ; Clincher tyres, silver-plated rims, genuine Crabbe roller lever brakes, back and front, Ferry's ball free wheel, highest finish, beautiful model, all accessories, lamp, bell, bag, spanner, oil-can ; no use to owner. klacritice 24 103., worth double. Approval before cash sent.—KT n STUCKEY, " Oak Villa," Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare.

CYCLE, marvellous sacrifice; two-speed gear, Clincher tyres, magnificent machine, not soiled or scratched. silver-plated rims, beautifully lined, mud guards, two genuine roller lever Orabbe brakes, plated gas lamp, and all other accessories ; Coventry machine and practically new ; approval Willingly, half carriage paid ; private owner ; bargain, lowest, £5 103.-o'. i3LACEDIORE, 8, Oxford it., Weston-super-Mare.

GO sAm N GREEN THE SPOT SHOP TO 5 (FISH MARKET),C, FOR EITERIETTAING-.

.1. E. WARREN 9 SO, Bridge St., Warrington (Opposite the Lion Hotel). BEST BUXTON LIME direct from the kilns. FARMERS ORDERS SPECIALLY SOLICITED. HOUSE COAL AT LOW PRICES. Telephone MI.

Just - 7 I HA ES BROSiI sProcKgrom have again secured important awards for the High Quality of their Bread, having won 2nd Prize for Cottage Bread (Open to the United Kingdom), and 2nd Prize for Tin Bread in a competition held in LONDON at the Institute of _ Journalists. THERE WERE NEARLY o o ENTRIEs.

SMITH B,&_ WALKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR AUTUMN WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 V. AflikEtiVE T CrnrielE, 3/I(II.I=URINGT ON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, /Rabin AIARBR AND PRINT BIILLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pletnres,snitabie for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prize., &e. Term' Moderate: REPRODUCTIONS BY: HOLLYBR OP PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSWITI, end BURNS-JONES. AUTOTYPE DEPRODUCTIONI OF PICTURES IN I.IIIIJRATIONA L,„TATE AND OTHER GALLEEDIS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD UNGRAVINOB.

TEL. No. 123. ESTABLISHED GO YEARS (in Warrington). TEL. No. 123. FORSHAW & SON LIMITED.. ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS, MA.KEIIS OF Mersey St. Warrington. IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 5o per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Cunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c. Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining .and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

NOW ON SALE. THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL and SPORTS REeORD AN INVALUABLE PUBLICATION FOR ALL WARRINGTON Footballers Cricketers Runners Cyclists Swimmers Bowlers; etc It contains the Warrington F.C. first team and "A" team fixtures, Northern League fixtures, local scoring records and facts often asked about, cup-tie chronicles (Rugby and Association), swimming, running, bowling, and cycling records, the addresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football,F.athletic, and sporting clubs, ractuarrnmors • of Alderman Tinnion J.P. (President of the Warrington Football Club), Evan Watkins (the Warrington threequarter), F. Ff. [Shugars .(forward), and E. Brookes (half back), T. Ellison, G. Ball, and G. Ball jun. (prominent bowlers), and the Warrington Water Polo Team. The Warrington Football Annual & Sports Record WILL BE AN INDISPENSABLE, EnCyclopaedia of Local Sport.

CANNES.—FIitIiSCH RIVIRRA. 1:10T111, VIOTOI3II. Central situation, line garden ; near sea ; comfortable rooms ; e'ectric light ; very god l table ; tramway at the door; pension from 9 francs, tor parties of sir in two rooms, 7a. Open whole sear. L. W. PILATTP, PROPRII TOR.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 .3 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL 808 BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT Br OLD WARRINGToN PEOPLE.) as, CHAPEL-STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROY 4.IMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANl...,stm. Telephone 0465. THH OLDEST ESTABLISHED REsrevaAaT IN TOWN.

DIINLLECH HAY. Anglesey.—Comfortable FARMHOUSE APARMEINTS, 5 minutes from beach. Terms moderate. Boarders 1 guinea weekly.-1111se CRUMProN, Treafenan. Tyn-y-gongl.

T.?LACKPOOL.--Elornely APARTMENTS, With or without board. Terms moderate. Near Central station and sea.—Miss PORTER. 73, head's rd. -- DLACKPOOL.-Is. each person, bed, molting, and attend- ance ; board from 4s. 6d. inclusive ; bicycle accom- modation.—Mrs. BUTROK, 81. Albert rd.

13LAOK Pool. Confectionery, Stationery, Toys. Good COMPACZY HOUSE attached nice part, North Shore, cheap to immediate purchazer.—Addrees J. 30, Examiner Office, Wallington.

. • . WOMAN'S WORK IS. NEVER DONE. ---,c--, ~ E-cery , . ... . ix, ii f., ~ ~ . Picture When a woman's r lip, -:,-.._!. •-•• Tell a back aches`from morn- 'o' , -.:„; „; " />"... . it .. ' . , ~,-",-""- . Story." ing to night—when •,-. ~,•,,. "F'l'. ~ , she feels. worn out (,/ i/ ~ • ..-----(4/- ),.. after every bit of work 1 , • --,,,,,?i 101 she has to do— -10 , NA ii 11. •• •••I When she has head- aches, dizzy spells, *./j :`/, -1, ~, 1 bearing-dovin pai n s_ . ;,4 y / when she cannot stoop ______' ____,---- - 7,1', • -.;gii /p / \, ' without torture when ~._-_-._ "N .----"/ %,"t" ,/ ' I she has any or all of 'x-----.- " a 1 ' • \ these ailments, it is. a 7..-!........1 'tl( If Sign the kidneys are not .----- --_. ' :11 i / 1 doing their duty. • \ ___,,___ . _-' "(:.r \ \\ , * •, il 11: I ii) . iil./ ' Uric acid and other -- --- i I 'I , poisons that ought to ! . ' , ' be filtered out Of the blood are beinc, left in, - ''' . . 1 and are carrying disease into every , Part of the system.' s A TALK WITH A \ A Warrington man tells here WARRINGTON MAN, how to cure these ailments—speaks . to you f Mrs . Thomas Rigby, 121, Church-street, rom personal experienc e. . Ward; gton, says : 1I am grateful for the benefit I have received from Doan's backache kidney pills, and I have no objection to the ' . facts of my case being published. It is just such honest, heartfelt "For bet Ween five and six years I was a testimony as this that has estab- liThed so much confidence. in Doan's Backache Kidney Pills in great sufferer from kidney complaint, the worst part of the ailment being severe pain this town. in my back, which was often so bad that I , - could not get about. I was almost afraid to stoop, because it' was so difficult to raise myself. I.,This medicine acts only on the kidneys and ' ladder—helps them to - filter the blood—to • tOte oat tbe uric acid and impurities that cause "I took medicine for three years, bit it did !-he aching back ; cures dropsy, heart trouble, me no good at all. It was different, however, Qee tearing-down pains, headaches, nervousness, ulten I began with Doan's pills,for they helped plesstess, etc. me from the first, and gradually bronghtme back to health. (Signed) Thomas Rigby." . GET THE GENUINE or You can obtain them from any Chemistq of Stores, post free ' chrect fr no Foster-McClellan Co., 8, We1...-street, Oxford-street, London, W. •, 2,. gd. per hox, '6 boxes for r3s. gd. So as to avoid all chance like your ne:ghbour had. of alltake :tilt distinctly far DOAN'S. , . .....__DOAN''S 2 4;% pI'ILS '

APPLETON RIFLE RANGE. _ -- Meathiy Prize Gompetitiol. Tile f -- .s•ash„an:th of the series of five monthly competitions good 'n,o at the range last Saturdey, when there was a Th attendance, 43 entries being received. 5 following were the scores 4„ Bronze Badge Class. (Service Rifle). Nu 'en shots, 3in. bull's-eye. Sevenshots disappearing te• Possible 53. , J E Hobin, Ist , , A Down, 2nd, (handicapped 1 point) 39 A Warburton iN,. Club Medal Closs. (Miniature rifle). ' -onditions as last. Possible 56- • - F M Cowley A Warburton A Down See, Open Sweepstakes. (Any Rifle). n shots, 3in. bull's-eye. Possible 33. C P Day A Down (tie 11) A Warburton (tie 10) T Deintith Gardiner 29 I.' Garside 29 , A, E Longshaxv ~...r1 Bennett ''' 27 -L' M Cowley J E. Hobiu P Warburton I Broady 3 Towers 2l I,Pire oi Members' Stakes. (Any Rifle ) °sail,'e ots. Gin. bull's eye, 5 shots disappearing figure.] 40. T Daintitb 1: M Cowley q Sankey 36 A E Longshaw , E Bennett • - ss E Pollard 34 V Garside 34 - Ar. Warburton `J P Day ' T I Fletcher a P. liobin Ten , Tyro. Stakes. (Any ride). 'pots. Gin.Bulls'-eve. Possible 35. P Garside - 3l J W Welsby 33 Atherton 31 Lunt 23 ••ert'f; -g the mouth of August, N.R.A. " Rifleman's tilertiraste:3 " hav been awaided to the following A Warburton l3O P J Grocott P C 13ennion A Down F M Cowley e l2O A E Longshaw 'te E Pollard ll4 'Neitlio one of these certificates, 114 points out of a , 110 are lequired. ,

I\ItLI4CTROCUTED 4,T A SWITCHBOARD. blacitoulatin.* a switchboard of 300 volts power p• Dick, Kerr and Co.'s electrical works,Strand- „get' f eston; on Wednesday afternoon, John Johnson, ..r!reannY" -five assistant manager, St. Helens, suddenly dn ,'and staggered back. His wqrkmates ° assistancee . bnt he fell down unconscious, and hillYlL'in a few s ' ends Hew he received a shock s for he had been wit the switchboard Oren"out the day, and everything appeared to be 't4 itilg right. These was no larking or tampering e avvitch in any form.

___ ......., elood-poison. Mrs. Odell, 115, Claren- don Street, Dover wr.tes : MY husband is an able seaman. and while working on a tallier' be knocked his , tv,lll, which left an open cut about two inches long. Through the coal dust getting into it, wound festered and my husband could hardly walk. He attended the hospital for two 0;11'1111s, but his leg got worse instead of better. We tried no end of different ointments and '8 ' but all to no purpose. Then we decided to try \ ~ a -. ' • ' . 00 uk , a. " The first dressing eased the pain considerably, besides cleansing the wound. We iinsed it regularly with Zam-Bfik, and I am glad to say it has quite healed up, and my ea3inuand has not been troubled with his leg since. I have another word of praise for to e -Euk, which completely cured my baby's head of eczema. I have never found anything up to Zam-Buk. Its soothing and healing powers are unequalled. I think every ikr_lll should have a box of Zam-Buk handy always, and we shall always recommendS it. 7.T husband warmly i , 4. am-B uk to • tse.st -,a qt -itulP-Inates for it Ends ail :' Aistmelamialm, ,

ORLICK'S -4311" MALTED MILK A: ' H (IN KAVDER FORM). .. /..:7:0, . THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. "t.v•it In I/1:, 26 and 11/. Bottles. (SLOUA BUCKS.) No Cooking. Add Water Only.

SUGAR TAX IN consequence of the reduction, we have restored our rackets of BUTTER-SCOTCH to the size they were before the Tax was imposed, namely: 15 Tablets in the ed. Packets. 7 ri 3d. „ The Cofectioners are now supplier!. OALLARDBz BOY/SEA.

QIILF-POLISHING HARNESS BLACKING, no labour, no brushing, aoftens leather ; gallon q. 6d , large tin Is., earthee paid.—UericonN BLACKING Co., 87, Higher Ormond et.. Manche‘ter.

6 THE Best book I have ever read, writes a married lady, ' and I wish I had seen It years ago.' The illustrated medical book sent post fres trom A. BzcKurc, 11 anitien rd , Hammersmith.

GBEn'i WATCH, nickel or oxidised, 3) hours, keyless, white enamel dial; splendid timekeepers ; P.O. ss. post free, sVistaction guaranteed.—B. D. KIRK, 331 Hawthorne rd., Bootle, Liverpool.

eIHARLES CUNLIFFE'S DANDELION COFFEE cures V headache and biliousness. and does not overheat the system, 83. per *lb. poit free.—Full pasta! address, Caautse CtrxxavrE. Bacon. Lanes.

UrriQum rapld penny sellers for Bazaars, Canvassers and shopkeepers. We sell thousands of grosses yealy. Sent carriage paid, 63. 6. par gross,—Nl-VginsZ CHEMICAL COMPANY, 107 Done;zall at., rielfaat.

STARTa Mall Order Easiness at home; something uew and genuine; large profits ; easy work ; either sex. I will tall you how. send stamped addressed euve:ope.— ElliNX FOBTER, 67, Edward at., Wrexham.

DRINK 0,1953 treated in their own home by expert, 45s week, inclusive. Including medicine. Telesphorus stops craving, 2.. 6d. bottle, carriage pilL—Addrets, MANAGER. Telesphorus, 36, Fitzroy squire, London.

THE SIMPLEX CHURN, 22 10s. rIHURSING finished three minutes; cleansed one minute. Plass to any table ; hangs on peg.--Write to TUE SIMPLEX Catiars Co., 28, Oldham rd., Miles Platting, Manchester.

(\HUNT LaVSLIDER WAVER (from the beautiful Carle Hills, facing the sea), recalling the exquisite perfume of a hundred years ago. Dainty sample bottle, Is. post free.— RIVERS HILL 4 Co.,LTD., Lavender Ferm,Broadatone, Dorset WOOLLEN BD &FIRSTS, more emofortable and sanitary than sleeping in blankets ; the Nature " wool sheeting is best awl cheapest; White or Natural, Suing. wide, 4s. 3d.,yarde samples sent. —BENTLEY, Faraley, Leeds,

HAIROX.—Tbe great hair grower, quickly rectifies thin- ness, baldness, and greyness of the hair. Try It, results will astonish you, every user delighted. tobotUe., 2s. 9d and 4s Cid from the Hatkax LABMIAT3RIE9,33. Harold it Bolton

WATOtiIW.—A P.O. for 43. 9d. will secure a " Robbie Burns Watch. Warranted a goad timekeeper and Guaranteed for 5 years, and a eourenir of our National Bard. Money returned if not satisfied. —Rwrac3, Iron- monger, Lochgelly.

BAL PILLOW LA.088.-14altene. Puck'. from 40. per .1.1 yard upwards. Also Collar, all shapes, from 2s. Bel. Stcelc collarA from ls. Children's Dutch Eonnetts etc. Pat erns en approval and prices.—Address Miss LOCKWOOD, Water Hall, fdlrfield, Yorks.

RUBBER 1300DS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances half usual prices ; valuable infor- mation and illustrated list free ; four eplenaid samples le., or ten usortel 2s. 6d. (worth ss.)—W. R. DONBAS( dr Co., Manufacturers, Robson rd.. West Norwood, Loudon.

AT ILK-FED BA.CON.—Deliclous for breakfast. Lean, ill_ mild, amohed sides (bout 4811240 Td. lb. Emoked boneless flitches (Omit 1411,5.) Bd.lb. Pale dried same prices. Either carriage paid anywhere. Cash with order.-..-M. WOODHOUSE, Dairy Farming Co., Northfield, Worcs,

1) HAL English, 18-carat gold fil!ed, rolled gold gent's doub!e Alberts ; warranted 15 years ; shopkeepers sell at 17s• 61.; we are cfferlng them at 12s. ed. only; any pattern. Single ditto, 10s. 6d. Money returned if not satisfied.— ' T- Baocerr, 43. Church rd ,Hoylake, Birkenhead. Eatab. 1852. DON'T LOOK OLD UBB TaRURA HAIR DYE.-3 shades, Blond. Brown and Black. In Bottles 2s. 3d. post free. Trial Bottles 4d. A natural stain. Guaranteed harmless. It defies detection, does not wash off, and imparts a glossy youthful appearance to the haIr.—ENDLESHINI EtiPPLT Co.. 4, Duke it., Adelphl, London. W.C.

PUN LADIB3 I PALB LADIBS I I PALE LAD IBS Tis OSM BLOOM. a Perfectly Harmless Liquid Prepara- -1.1.., Non. imparts a Natural Stogy 'Lint to Pale Complexions. Acts as a tonic to skin, effecting a marvellous permanent improvement. Post free (plain wrapper). Is. P.O.— Madame ROZELLIC, 80 6tapleton rd.,Tootlng,London,S.w.

lIOUSEWII7II9, don't take up yourearpets. Bend stamp for sample of our Dry Carpet Cleaning Powder. Agents (both sexes) wanted.- ENDLESELLM BIIPPLT CO.. 4. Duke it., Adelphi, London.

HIC/13-CLAS3 Oil Paintings. Artist's Stock. Absolute Sale. Limited number. 2 Inch Floral Gilt frames, send 23. for pair and 3d. for carriage.—BßlDE A Co., Ho!burn rd., Aberdeen.

pHoros FROM LIFE, II OPEL Studies, Stereos, eaute3, Br 3. Illustrate I Pr:os 15.1 List with 25 small phatos, Is. stamps.—S. Roux:LaoEr. ACHF, Munich I. (Germany).

00/C HEIM 3 pretty lace edged handkerchiefs given fre3 with my parcel of beautiful Nottingham lee and insertion assorted 2s. poet paid.—L. TAYLOR. 9 Wentworth rd.. Sherwood. Nottingham.

ADM.—Fashionable Tailor-made Costunaes to mpasure (heavy Vicunas), 15e. 6d. worth 40s. Patterns, memure forms, one stamp. Club-holders wanted every w here.— WALKER, 216 New John st. West, Birmingham.

ASTGOLO3Y.—Your future foretold, Bus:flees, t pecula- tion, Changes. Legacies, dimes', Courtship, filarriag., Partner described ; send birth late. time (if known) ; P.O, ls. ; scientific accuracy.—Pnar. STEPHEN°, 11, Wellington it., Grimsby.

riiwo nigh Class Beverage 3 for all the year round are Sumner's Cydeebo and Diamond Hoch Dry Ginger Ale. No dialog table is complete without them, Price 4. rer dozen. Carriage paid on 3 doz. and upwards..—SumarEa. JAI= & Co., Middle at.. Croydon. Agents wanted.

011 INA, BaRTHENWARB. SECONDS, every description BaZaara, shops, market ; cheap lots. See beginner's crate, free tease': ; tremendous variety. Also Hawker's large bulk crates, about 1,033 articles, 38s, 6d. Cheapest In trade. Lists free.—ARTEUR J. HULL, Normacot Works, Longtou, Staffs.

TAAIBY FAILII with Cows. Pigs and Poultry, near Liver- pool; ret Ming 24 gallons milk daily, mostly 4d. quart; everything £39o.—Cooxa's, 11, Hope st., Liverpool. NSW Z SALAND. -- Firmly-established GENE ea L MUSICAL and BAND OUTFITTING BUSINESS. Either sale or managing partnership, with view to ultimate purchase. Owner, hiving secured competency, desires to retire. Exceptional opportunity tor practiosi band instru- ment maker or repairer. Excellent profits. Tie premier business of the kind in N.Z. Principals oaly.--7. W. COPITHORNE, "The Golden Horn," Ingestre at., Wellington, N.Z.

IirANTED a competent THAMSNIALI (married) for Cheshire side; ploughman and able to milk if required; good wages.—Apply Joins McClETarcir, Newton. Frankby, Cheshire.

AVANT&D, a DAIRY of raiLx.—State price delivered, TV free at Tyldesley Station, quantity, and all particulars, TYLDESLEY CC-OPERATIVE SOCIETY, Islliott at., Tyklesley, near Manchester.

A GENTS WANTED in every town for a new line, 50 per .L 1 cent. profit. Samples Is. 6d. If not satisfied money returned.—THE CiTiLTJM INCINDE CRXT & Hoy e.rair Ca., 5, Carlton Hill, Leeds.

M preferred ILICBUi•NAE Sp Ac:f particular to .12e e a;b uran yea hs ior country d take over early If reguirel—Address K. 172 " " Evening sews." Manchester.

NVANTED Agents, energetic and reliable, to Sell our Waterproof Tablets ; make all garmeuts rainproof ; guaranteed ; provei success ; liberal terms. —J. FaITER & Co., 19, York Place; Leeds.

ADVERTISEN, a jobbing builder of 23 years' experience, would undertake the repairs and collecting of Country Estate or Cottage Property, at a fixed rate or commission,— a. CLARK, 76, Lytton rd., Leytonstone•

f)11111ST1AN gentlewoman with ?dusical well-trained girls, kJ quite without means to keep and flatsh education, asks for advice and help.—Unfurnlshed house, rent free Inca desirel.-28 ClosedPlox GROVE. London, 5.13.

A GHNTS wanted to sell high-grade household specialities. Quick sales ; big profits. Every sale brings repeat orders.—Write tc-dav for full particulars to the MILLISHELL SUPPLY ComPAcer, 17 4racechurch St, Loudon, H.O.

R3OOMOTOR TRADII preferred (other propositions entertained). Smart business man, 10 years cycle trade, wishes energetic employment in gool profitable con- cern with view to purchasing £3OO share after suitable trial of, sayT6 to twelve months.—Write fully, MOTORS, Box 5303, CjO :MARROW & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London.

CIANADA.—GO AT ONCE TO LAND OF PROMISE. BUMPER OROPS in Wanitobs, Saskatche- wan, Alberta, &c. Great demand for Harvestmen, Domestic Servants and Men for Railway Construction. Good wages. —For information and advice apply to LEONARD BENNETT, 8, King st., Warrington.

keLECTRICITY WORKS PUPIL Required, to seal ID engineer and gain practical experience in all duties applicant to be well educated and have (preferably) worked in engineering shops ; small premium required, part, returned in salary.—Addrese, by letter, DUMFRIES ELECIRICIT7 WORKS, Dumfries, N.B.

THACKHRS I KN ACKERS I I KNACKERS! II Beet possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles— hafEa TOOLS AND SONS LTD., 31anure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

CIOOD POSITIONS can always be found for men with Special Ability—men a little above the ordinary run There are hundreds of men with a Special Aptitude for a certain class of work who are ia positions where that Aptitude has no scope, and Is accordingly not appreciated or properly paid for. We want su3h men. If you are one of them, and can prove that you are a High-Grade Man, capable of fi ling a Responsible Position, write us to-day.— HAP4OOD3, LTD., (Registered in Quernsey) 24a, Barton Arcade, Deanegate, Manchester.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO v IAT OMANKIND They are the beet known Remedy for Anaemia aiddinees, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetlte,Hysterla,Palpltation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. is. lid., 21. Irregularities, fid. and Ils, DR. DAVIS'd FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Files and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 219, 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

INIHRSACLONAL Securities Corporation, Bandholders desirous of disposing of thdr holdings should cons- municste %Ith FR.S.9 ER it Co., 5, Featherstone Buildings , London, W.C.

4 DVBlTlslol.—Ballness young man, ingle, seeks the aid of lidy or gentleman to partly finance him In com- pleting buildings on own freehold. No agents or money- lenders.—Address :FREEHOLDER, Cl) PAUSE; 2, Lancelot Place. Brompton rd., London.

LIFS ANNLTITINS on lives under average health secured from certain first-class Insurance OM :es on terms far lower tiasn those usually obtained. No fees charged. till other insurance matters arranged on very favourable terms by applying to ECM. & COM. AGENOr, 20, gegent st., London.

ON SAL% little flans smooth-coat FOX 'ICINESS BITOH age 11 moths. All white body. Lovely even marked black and tan hand. Work hedge or cover. Used to ferrets. Grand house guard. Pedigree not given. Pries 172. 6d., approval on deposit.—Svanie, 9, St. George's rd., Withington Manchester.

IAT ANTUD. to Sell, a very smart. hatidsorne, lively COLT, bay, black leg., white band down f see, mealy muzzle; a nicer one semi(' be bad to (Aid; rising two years; having no 11.. y or convenience to bring it up ; would like a visit by a perfect bo-seman farmer that could see a promise of good interest for carriage wh.n grown.—WILLIAM ORMERDD, Nausholm Stones Farm, Walsden, nr Todraorden.

TBDIGUISTION SUFFEHEIM—Dr. Dreschfeld's Specific will quickly cure you. Honey returned If not satisfied after a fair trial. fie. 6d. post tree.—LLYLOR'S Laboratory, 7, Greenhill Crescent, }farrow.

STERILE MAHRIAEHL —lts Causes and Curative Treaty meat. By a late Senior Physicist' to s Hospital for Women. A New Bdition. Just published Poet tree,; Is. 93.---SHaLLEY et CO.. LTD.. 33, Grams:numb, it. London

COUGHS, Bronchitis, Asthma. cm be cared when other remedies have failed. Harper's " Btopkof Tabs " act like magic. If taken at bedtime cure whilst you sleep. Free ls. D. and at. 9.I.—HANLGER, Harpers Botanical Pharmacy, Nottingham.

M 0 Itloli Cash U N Do rio9plet Lt.; cart iglaVtrek'threirusuoar etaoTtde Incomes can Borrow at Bank Rate, or Sell. Advice free.— Messrs. MCVITTIE, 34, Moorfields, Liverpool.

MONEY LENT DAILY, £5 TO .£l,OOO LOAN £5 REPAYES 12 6 £2O RIIPAY £22 10 LOAN £lO REPAY £ll 5 I £3O REPAY £33 15 W. JACKSON, ' 35. O3IO3FIBLD ST., WARRINGTON.

RSTO .£5,000 LENT DAILY LOWEST ISTIIREIST 1 ENGLIND. £5 loan, Repay 21. weekly. £25 loan, Reply 10 I. waekly £lO „ „ 4s. „ £3l „ „ 12s. „ £l5 „ „ 6s. ~ £53 „ 23a. ~ £2O „ „ Sc. ~ £lOO „ „ 35a. No Sureties, no Delay, n 3 PLOlialtr. SPerßal atteutioai applicants from this diatrict. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., 3! ANCKS ITEM; and at 87, STATION RD., NORTRWICEI, 65 EDMISTON RD. (corner of Ounni St.), CREWE, 8, TR BNTLIAII Si'., RUNCORN.

NO FNB NO FINES ! ; NO BUBLICI eyi I - D 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY, in 0r..? STRICrinT PRIVACY to all respectable Householders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all parsons worthy of credit. without sureties or bandsmen, "on simple promissory u3te only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to salt all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CIO., 25, Cairo it., Sankey it., Warrington ; also at 10, Greenwood at., Altrlncham. Head Office, 329, Waterloo rd , Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS- 2, THYNNII STREET, WARRINGTON. CAM ADVANCED PRIVATELY on day of application at a lower rate of Interest and repaymedt than any other offi3e In town, and at the following easy repayments : £5 Loan ls.fid. Weekly I RIO Loan 53. Od. Weekly £lO Loan.... ..... 3s. Od. Weekly I £5O Loan 13s. 6d. Weekly THIS IS GHNUINR. Larger sums In same proportion. Other terms can be mutually arranged. Special terms to farmers and shop keepers. Distance no ohjact. Apply In confl lence personally. or by letter, to the Actual Lender. J. LORD, 2, TIiTN&R STUMP, off Parker street (near Bank Quay Station), WARRINCI•TOS,

Xloto £5,000 ADVANCED by PRIVATE LENDER ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTES. No Bills of Sale taken, and absolute privacy guaranteed. First letter of application receives prompt attention, and intending borrowers are waited upon by a representative who is empowered to complete transaction on terms mutu- ally arranged, NO CHARGE BEING Id&DEI UNLESS BUSINESS ACTUALLY COMPLEVIED.nSpectaI quotations for Short Loan,. Write in confidence to— MR. T. POLLITT. 30, OLDHAM ROAD, MANCIIIR3TRE.

f 3 TO ANY PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CREDIT t0.,000 can have money on note of hand only ON,STERMS at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING get a loan without the usual loan office COMPETITION. routine end without fees. Our Motto Is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Loans can be paid as follows or otherwise. £3 loan Is. weekly £l3 loin 20. 61. weekly £5 „ Is. 6d. „ £2O ~ be. 19 £7 „ Is. £5O , I2s. 6d. The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Existing loans paid off and Increased. Call or write MAURIat & Co., MISS C. COTTRIULL (ldswannanss), 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. tie Householders, on their own security, withont delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. X. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNHS. FOOT OD THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER s JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. H HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NENVGATII STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE; PROMISSORY NOTE PARTIES wishing for fempOrary CASH 1 ADVANCES should note the advantages (Cared, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY I THE SYS.LEEL OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOI.UTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative ss 11l call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealleg and reasonable cbarges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

Zig Cranium *eats THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER s published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Wiawick, Eadgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Beet Weekly Papers In Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in nouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINEE, published every Saturday i L morning. It is the best weakly paper in the Town I and District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. pin WIDNES EXAMINER, published every satrirday I 1 morning. Whines contala: the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. PHE EtaLrasroWN AND NEWTON* EXAMINER, I 1 pnbllsbe4 every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Go'borne, Hayclock, Lowton &c. The district thus comprised Is kmost important part of the Lancashire coal fields, rptill ST. HELENS EXASliNroti, published every 1 Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley Cross, lo.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pttEPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LIST. HOU&ES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES F 01.13 0. MISCELLANEOUS SALE 013 Three Six Thirteen Words. Week, Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Os. 64. ... Is. 3d. ... 2.. Od. ... 3s. IL 27 ... Os. 9d. is, 104. ... 3e. Od, Sc. Od. 36 ... Is. 01, ... 2e. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 61. ed. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. Se. Od. 73. Od. 64 ... Is. 64. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. Od, 10s. Ocl.

THE EXAMINER, SEPTEMBRR sth, 1908.

LIPIONS TEII, THE FINEST THE WORLD GAN paoDucE. PURE B TT PER 1/1111 LB. DELICIOUS WHOLE FRUIT GOLDEN PLUM JAM 34b6 Jars 9d. 3-I.b. Jars STRAWBERRY -111 d 3-Ib. Jars GREENGAGE ,- 81d. JARS EXTRA, ALLOWED FOR WHEN RETURNED. - LI 0 BRANCHES AND AGENTS EVERYWHERE.

CHILDREN SLEEP WELL when they are healthy and their food is doing its proper work. THE BEST FOOD IS 1 7 nlf na Food tli eavii which for more than 8o years has ' helped to preserve and build up the / , younglife of the Country. When, prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and ' assimilated by the most delicate I Infant and forms I . A COMPLETE DIET. •

T

FINVOUREDWIT/I RIPE FRUIT JUICES. • CHIVERS' THE LANCET :—" An excellent Jelly, possessing:a flavour of quite a natural charaoter."j MEDAL GOLD THE FAMILY DOCTOR SAYS :—" We have nothing but unqualified praise, for they are Absolutely Pure and free from adulteration." CI-HINTERS CR SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT [GROWERS' JAINI FACTORY.

- - _ ',4710 c/tocola e - „ t),,m( ut Roily.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. A GREAT SUFFERER FOR 11 YEARS! 5, Grafton-street, Hanley, Staffs. October Sth, 1903. • Sir,—l think it is my duty to write and tell you of the great benefit I that have received from your Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have been a great sufferer from Rheumatisdi for 14 years, and had taken all kinds of remedies without any benefit. I have recommended your pills to all I have come into contact with, and shall always speak very highly of them. lam NEVER WITHOUT A BOTTLE IN THE HOUSE. You can make what use you like of this state- ment, which is strictly true. Yours respectfully, THOMAS RATHBONE, EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter' and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle is. lbd. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London EADE'S GOUT etc RI

Well Tegulcted amilies are fully alive to the importance of being prepared for those troublesome attacks of Indigestion and kindred ailments common to all, and of effectively dealing with them in the early stages before they have become dang,trous or chronic Well regulated families are careful to have always a sound reliable remedy immediately available, and as experience has clearly oved the undoubted superiority of Beecham's Pills as a family medicine, a box of this invaluable corrective ,is always kept at hand. For removing such distressing disorders as Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Liver troubles in general, and Constipation, it is ever the wisest and most satisfactory course to .7ake Beecham's Pills. The remedial properties of these pills, however, are not limited to the cure of digestive troubles alone, but exercise a specific and beneficial influence upon the nervous system. Well regulated families are aware that there is no finer tonic, nor any more certain means of banishing disease from the household than may be secured by a judicious and regular use of otio. o. ik 5 W . - •

MORE BETTING CASES. Heavy Fines. At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Charles IVard, 6, Hume-street, was charged with loitering in Church- street on Saturday afternoon for the purpose of betting. He pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable said Constable:. Hewitt and I Holland watched the defendant from 12.50 to 2.30 and saw him receive slips from a number of men. The Mayor said the bench were determined to put. a stop to street betting, and defendant would have to pay £lO and costs or go to gaol for two months. David Roscoe, 4, Beswick-street, pleaded not guilty in a similar ofience in Liverpool-road on August 23rd. P.C. Woollacott stated that P.C. Holland and himself secreted themselves in a building in Liverpool-road and I watched defendant from 12.50 till 1.55. Defendant went in a urinal and four men followed him in and immed- iately came out. Shortly afterwards defendant came I out and a man handed him what apposied to be a I betting slip. He paid over some money to another man I and then went in the Coach and Horses Inn. In ten I minutes he came out, and three men, who appeared to be waiting for him, followed him. Defendant then went across the road and stood on the footpath. Ile there received nine betting slips from different persons. He afterwards received five snore bets, and also paid money over to three men. He then went in the Conch • end Horses, and twelve men went inside after him, and immediately came out. They did not stay inside long enough to have a tink. In answer to Mr. Steel, witness said the glass in the building in which he kept observation was thick, but )e was looking through a broken pane. He had known defendant for a long time to be a betting man, and he had not given up betting. P.C. Holland gave similar evidence, and said he could swear to having seen 14 bets made. Mr. Steel said defendant admitted that he had been a betting man, but since the advent of the new Chief Constable there had been so many prosecutions that he had given up the business. Ou the date in question he I was following his employment at Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co.'s works, and did not do any betting. He suggested the officers were mistaken. Ile admitted having come out of the forge for n short time to cool himself, but denied having received any slips or paid money. After several witnesses had been beard, a fine of £lO and costs, or two months was imposed. THE WAR ON RATS. RIDDING THE ISLAND OF COLONSAY, OF A PEST. Lord Strathoona, the veteran High Commissioner for Canada, is the latest convert to join in the crusade against rats, now being preached by eminent scientists His remote hermit island home of Colonsay in the Hebrides, inhabited by some ninety families, has just been tbe scene of a campaign against these vermin, in which the islanders under skilled supervision laid down bait made speciallywith the contents of hundreds of tubes of Danysz virus jelly, a preparation which is very deadly to rats, but quite harmless to other animals. Every farm and homestead was systematically treated the owners cheerfully lending their co-operation. It is confidently anticipated that as a result this remote , "fair island in the sea" will now be freed from the plague of rats, which have added considerably to the , many troubles and difficulties, with which the crofters of late years have had to contend.

HOW TO MAKE LIGHT BUNS. By using Eiffel Tower Bun Flour the most inexperienced person can make light Buns and Cakes with certain success. Try a rd. packet.

• RE , ‘N(JUVIATNITWaItsiPR) )1 • To Woodworkers! The "Jenker". is a Tool that in many cases absolutely dispenses with the use of a Plane, Saw, Chisel. Spokeshave. Scraper and Rasp. Positively Invaluable to every worker in wood. Get it! Price 3/-, Post Free 33. Dept. E, MANAGER. 114, Quecn's Road. Dalston, N.E.

: ' THE PATENT ROYAL BLUE WASHING PAPER Li . ''' '.- FOR BLUE/NG CLOTHES ~z HAS NO EQUAL. Makes the clothes Snow-White, Goes farther than any other. •. - • - , , w.... ‘ he only Blurotrithich does not Streak Or Spot the Linen. , '• - ••• •Ai : ' "-. I If you cannot obtain from your grocer writ 3to the proprietors, .40)_...;0.,, , . W. RONALD SMITH A Co., 19 St. Dnustan's fill, London, E.O. '' Agents wanted everywhere. _

114EATI NGS_ DOblf DE 14,, [K I LLSj 1 FLEAS BUGS FLIES {:rirts 3?qt:p_i

~..............„em, r "FOR THE BLOOD 18 THE LIFE,"

CLARMROODSTinf

T:l!S WORLD-FAMED EILDCD riiLil i - is warranted to- Cleanse the Elmmi frrmi all impurities from whatever cause arts:mr. In eases- of ECZEMA., SCROFULA, SCURVY, k GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEG-s. ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, COILS. PIMPLES, R GEUrdATISM, GOUT ant! all , 'SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its Woes lare marvellous. Thousands of testlmcn!als of wonderful cures from all rf,rts of the world. ilememinr that this wandzrful Medicine tvli.A. PERAIANENTIA CURE: A'll.l SXI4 8 61,0qD B'SE'ttl'a i Oi all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per Uottle. BEIYME OF IMITATIONS.

FREEOutdo to Life rnontrance by Ladependent Experbi.—RlTEßs b Co., 11 Queen Victoria Street, London, N.C.

Arply for ra ASTHMA mptikif to Co CUBE ASTHMA .7EDICATE, 76 FI NSBURY PevEIiENT, LONDON, E.„O.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. THE SWELLING DISAPPEARED ! ! H.M.S. Leander, Davenport, November 30th, 1907. Dear Sir.—During the past six months we have had some extremely damp and foggy weather, and whilst hoisting in and out ocean tugs, copper punts and other small crafts, I contracted several chills one after the other, which finally settled in my legs and and feet, causing them to swell; and to make . matters worse I had the misfortune to fall out of a submerged torpedo tube,and sprained both ankles. I was planed on the sick list and given the usual naval treatment, which did me no good. Seeing your advertisement, I determined to try your famous Gout Pills, and after taking a few doses they worked marvels. All the swelling disappeared and my legs are as strong as ever again. 'Yours Respectfulßy G. SWACKENHANIMEQ.O. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all jurions matter, and are highly restorative. old everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2 9d, or sent post free for stamps Sr P.O. by the Porprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. LEUMATIC PILLS.

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets, Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

SiteTta-az- fs-tertkt, er CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC -- RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THnOl3lllO APO SOON CHEF The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens an 4 Removes all hard callosities on cte eolea of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret It. Boxes 1/11. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham),

ARE YOU LOSING MONEY? If so. commerce to win by giving try oczastual Information a trial. Not Fobvr Tips, but reilable Club information. Send stamped addreseed envelope for a trial. WOOD, WYDNE,DIT CLUB, !LB ESTON.

WASTAGE HORSES IN GRAND FORM. Gentlemen that will pay well for an occasional good thlng from Wantsge, please send stamped address.—P. CUM, i, MIII st.,Wsntage.
