===== 0002601_19080111_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE PTITILTO ARE ItARNRSTILY INVITEE TO ATTERD•

THE UNITED COMMUNION :iRRVIMI wilt be heir' at 8 o'clock the MAMA evenlnz In WYCLIFFRI CHURCH', the PAsTon pRRsimING. ani the ADORII33 will be giveu by the REV. W. MELLOR.

J. SAMITEL HUGHES, Hon. See. MinlqtArs' AsenoNtion.

AV • 34 1 -71 11 R BAND D 010 R NAPN ON MUUS RR S I CISLI T pCigioß AT CAIRO ST. kfCHOOL9, ON TURSDAY MIXT, AT 7.30 P.M.

ST. AU ST IN'S WARD BYE-ELECTION.

A PIIALTO ME T4TTNITI. WILL BE TIRLD IN TT4WWLTS-qTRIART SOVOIIYg, Off TORMAY NRXT, 3AN774IZY 14TH, TO 13 A: DPREAtPrn BY JOH", MAGINT4, TICIOIMPOYMOIT OA A nrnATP. ORATO To BE TAKEN AT 730 BY ALDIMMAN 11AVID TINRION. .I.l'.

WARRINGTON JIINKIR LIBERAL AssnorATlOrg. mENTING, movn y vVXT, JANUARY 13TH. GliTZ4nTivo, AFT, MITTNEVATARKRT qTRIMT, AT 7.5. Amlng.• Dr MR. V. (100IPNIN LLOYD. OP VANCAVATrII. BRIT'S w NI N'S TEMPBBANCP Asqnnuvrreg. P. rrITILIn m)RTTicrn. WILL B' VIAL') TN TRE MAROvie HALL Poi,ll STREET, ON 'ITESDAY IVtENTN'4, XANOARV 14TH, AT 8 P.M- -AP AMITIVAq VTtt YhPC3TVITN HY MRS. RANDOLptt 4,l?Tssorg, (nA. PIRMTvC4TfAM). ALL FRIENDS CORMALLY INVITED. MORO,. • entLuOTTOV TO TWERAY EXPENSES.

T NNAI'IO A L ETY FOR 14; PRAVIINTION i7I•IITILTY TO CHILDRIIN. A PUBUO MRRTING of All rersons Interested in the A blre foeletv end its werrington brnneh Will be hold (by kind permission of the Mayor)

IN TIIR COTTNIMI, CITA vrnurt. 'TOWN PALI, WARRTNITTOM, ON ToRTPAY, 17T1i WITARY, AT 3.70 P.M. IWit• H. J. PARH, the Vilreetor of the Society, wilt give an Address.

it In, it A 1) DiVvION,STIZATTON WILT, Dr lIRLD AT TR,' PRRR TRfIhIKALL, MANUIRTVITRR, TiTINDAY RV,INTICTO, .TawtUkßY 2lat.. AT WREN MR. T. tlAk ImTT Witt PRF.torrw:. 411", TB IVIEITTING WtTY. B ADDRrPrri) BY THE 1"611T "ON. WINSPON M.P., Hog. ARTHTTR P. PLLIOTT, Mys. AMY PROWCI7, R. Ton-r,t, HunantiunqT. HaQ., " T.TANI NIARSLAND F9Q Th. M'TMrl I, to ti Amon that, noo.t from P9,tv romatn4 Tvl i PI7 trinciples. All those wishing to arsons °°°l to A. PATHR"NR, "T" Moiro,r, pRAppINI4/IT,T,

OY vow/ ' -%er TEI PAT R WARRINGTON

MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY 12TH, IDOR,

AND DURING THE WEEK.

144,"09R°. ARMITIAR. AND ARTFIUR TARIGH,3 Co,

SPFCT/L ARRVI4EII2FtiT WITH

C'TART,R4 FROHNIA.I4

rf 1./MT/WS GRE LTVRT DR&MATtC SUCCK°B

"' -EAR

yr LF,SCHNA." Pt LESCHNA."

C. M. A. McL4LLAN• Time aryl rtriess as fume!. Bents bonl,ei et the Thentre It to 1 Dnily f rnes 9to 9 P.m

pApn HALL, WARRINGTON.

COMMFNCING MONIMY NFXT, JANUARY lhH.

J. W. TURNER'S

wnpLD Tirrrowtirn

ENGLISH OPERA COMPANY,

FULL BAND AND CIHMIT.TP.

Iwomilvv, TUBSDkY.

/Ar. 13Tn, TROVATORE." „ 11TR, DAUGHTER OF THE NEGIMPNT." WRDII7I4iDAY, ~ MTH, ... "LILY Ov KILLARNBY." THrußspky, „ ISTn. FAH3T." PRTDAY, 17711, " RORRVIAN GIRL." BATGRDAy, „ 18Tu, " MARITM.II4." PRICER oF AMtlestote:-2e. V., 2g, 1.0. 61„ 1.4„ 64. Doors open at 7. Commence at 7.3%

Seats may now he booed at Mr, P. WAMWORTH'S, 13lano WarehOnae. 59, Sankey-street, Warrhluton.

l'Ult UNION tiANK. OP mANCHRTgIi, LTV. A DIVITIRND et the Rate nf TWRLVN SHILLINGS TH. SNARVI has been cleolared on the present paid-up Capital of this Company (viz. : Ell per share) for the Half- :"s4r ended 31s1 recember Inst. free of Income Tax. and will Payable on and alter THURSDAY the 16th Inst. Dianchaelpr, P. FORRBsTOR, 3rd Jan, 1906. General Mansrmr, .•13.—The Transfer Books are closed till after the 16th hilt

CANADA B 1 OcncAs Co

ALLAN LINF.—THE ACME OF 104RORT IS ATT&INRT) IN TIIB ST TURBINE STEAMERS. _ ..413 CHEAP/EFT ROUTE TO ALL FAFT9 OF CANAEIt WESTERN STATES. SPEED, Una99ssied Accommodat lon Enleßen bAPRTY,

ENORTIS.;

'AST

COMFORT

Outeine. Detail. re Work and Wages. Apply IMAMS. 103, LICADItNBALL STRICRT. ane s+, PALL MALL. Lompoif ; I.:AMEIB RKRr. LIVURPOOL or Local Agents.

ONTRAuT Al odserA I.N 8111 UTE I oßPono BARRACR4, WARRINGTON.

The 00`I5MITT1IIS nf the abCore is prepared to receive tenders for the oupp y of the following Articles for is period of ofx months o,romencing the lot February 1908.—8R1111, MINISRALS. OKOOSIIII‘Fr. P/WVISIOIId. MILK, ate., FRUIT and VISWEITABLEi, Otilia.D, FLOUR and SUNDRIR4.

- -A 7 SPECIAL TRNDER FORM can be obtained on applica- tion to the President

SHALED TIINDitIIS to he delivered bv 12 noon, the 27 Inst., addressed to the " President of the Regimental Instituie " and marked on the envelope "lender f,r Oanteed Suppliee." Warrington, G. H. troVvARD-VYSTI. Capt. 9th January, 19C8. President Regimental Institute.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gunow

===== 0002601_19080111_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNIt§.

£5, £7, £lO, .£5O, £IC'I3.ADVANCEN MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and All Respect' Me Householders, on their own sedulity, without delay, on onr eltoplo wHtten nromiee to DVS brick. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF TAR CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER t JOHN B. GOOD WIN.

-4-p-ilean-t may receive Money any Ityenintc at their own Homes.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, DIE STANIPERS, ACCOUNT BOOKMAKERS

For OVERCOATS ready to weary And OVERCOATS to measure, NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. GRAIK, 36, BUTTERMaIIgTiGTITIREET,

tlizLADA,katiril)

RI CH ARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD.BTREET, LivERPOOL, FRAME KARIM AND PRINT BELLER. A Lgrass Assortment or Prszned P'oLures.•oltable tor wee d:n• end Birthday Pr.eents, School Prizes, Ac. Terme Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOUSER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSEITI. and EURNB4ONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTION OF PICTURES IN INN NATIONAL. TATE AND OTERR GALLERIES.

A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

II

I

IN, • 6 •

===== 0002601_19080111_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUCCESS OF THE

SEASON.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
LEE'S

SALE

Thousands are availing themselves

of the opportunity of securing

===== 0002601_19080111_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Real Bargains

Premises coming down

Removing to Shop lately

occupied by Miss Garner.

yMPORTANT.—The ticJerif HMI onurN rt gas x bInN ANY 00., LTD. (Ineorpomted 18751. matte Advaniet to pe.pons entitled to property on thA denth of ncv4lor reNtive., otherwip• in erro.otAner, and noon lezioi.n. *nod. in Ohnnoery., life Nterette, awl -annoiti.., t,nre.hane thovi Intere=t* for prompt eaqb.—SatlftrOrt & RRAfP, Seerettriee, 22. Lord pt., Liverpool.

rP) 04 PTTALTSTS.—Required .ILRRPINO iKTh J with £25.010 oapttAl, frit. fir.t-^IAa. WHOLRSALA %PM MRROl4Ol.Nirq in TRRVRS (iiIO3BLL9). owne,s lame vlney,relp. Snenisinr, N•klinj . wines• natnrgi fennentatfon In bottle. WRLL-KNO ‘,TY AND CAPABLY MANAQPD 'rye pmtits nrnvvel. Racellent nro•pe !to. GRNOIRR IFIVR,ITMRSIT. Goon IN r ORARAN- TRRD. Personally inelyvtel. Por fun partieulare nply hv lett, to A. HOWARD & Rinrinnial Rrokerv, DRRORDA RD., BARNS HILL, LONDON, P.A.

rrc,r B}P, MISLED by eelf-nra;sino: AlvnrtiperP. 1 We dnn't advertise nonsense. AnyboAy worthy of credit ean have monev on not or hand. Being an old- established firm and 1-.010.1,1.4 by Pullynent, cannot aril do not advertise misleading terms. Please note :- 23 loan - weekly I Eli) loan . 3/- weekly £5 loan 2/- weekly I QV loan 5- weekly £s^ loan l9/6 weekly.

Alterations can be made in the above terms by mntnal arrangement.

WA gunrAntee prlawyrwbether business remits or not. Writm or esti

.I,r)Tl;;AßTittritiririiGlosizaziless. _ _ , CAIRO /NI AURIOR3.Z

' etlo tn £5,000 ADVANCRD by PRIVATqi MINDER ON /MIKIS PROMISSORY NOTES. No Bills of Sale taken, awl absolute privacy gnarantetri. First letter of apoltottinn reoiveq nrompt Rttention. Rn rl Intending borrowers are oralle4 upon by a repre4en.atlve who is empower-1 to oomoleta tracuortion on term, mutn- ally armoire, No (7144Rafr, fnziNn MUIR URLRSS RUSINEsS ACTUALLY COMPLETED. Special quotations for Short Loans.

Write in oonfitenoe to— MR. T. POLLITT. 30, ormqram ROAtt, MAArttiftlTß3t.

CAS Fl ACCO 'A MOD iTION

£lO repay Lll 5 0- R5l repay L'A. £2O repay OP In 0., COO repay V 12.. £3O repay EP 15 C. £2 '0 repay £2s4. Apply W. J 4.01(••=n 7q, 2F, onßurnwioN RT.. M ANCRI4STRR.

PUBLIC NOTIOR. 1411 ORfIOWPRS whhavn paid nr are payiu the usual high rate of Interest for the loan nf money, do en no longer. but come to me, Snd I will advance you snffilient money at half the rate of interest You have been charged. So don't fall to give me a call, or write and convince vowself Ely terms cannot be heater. Apply personally or by letter to the actual lender. 7. LORD,

_ 4, PARRRTI ST„ WARRTNE7TRIP. (Corner house, ne..r Rank Quay staton.) N.B.—No connection with ruly other ion ofti 39 In the tuwi

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. • 13, HARRIS, 2, RING-STRUT, FIANLPIY, ANTf) 13, NEWGATII STREWN, CfIRSTER, PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. la Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON Lorsput PROMISSORY NOTE. 101 Ar TIE ,•,4 wighinq for tempornry CASH" ADVANCES sbonld note the advantages offered, viz.— TEE stmPrAaTTY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE, TO BR 8113NRD THR LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING To RISK. TER WRITTEN GOARANTER Or STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYS IRK OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. ! NO BILLS OF siILE ARE T %ARE UNLESS AGREE', AND THE TRANSAOTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED MANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ! .111SOLTITE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLIC ANTSt.iIIEO RIVE IMMEDIATE ATTRUTZON IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In prostates/les a Representative will cell personally noon ! applicants end complete the transactions at their own home I or places of Mildness. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my repntation stand. ”nriv4ll4o.

T .£ 5 00 0 1, KNT 011 Y . LOWKST INTRRI3T tCI BNGLIND. £5 loan, Repay Ea. £l5 loan, Repay 104. weekly £lO „ „ Oa, „ £.31 „ £l5 „ „ 6e. „ £5l „ Ens £2O „ „ Rs. „ £lOO „ „ 351. „ No Sureties, no nalay, no Pnalioltv. 5091,41 attention to

_ applicants from this dlatriat. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO„ 219, BRUNSWICK OX*ORD RD,, MANORtIi ITER ; and at 87, VICTORIA. RD„ NORTHWIOH, 65, BOLRSTON rm. (aornor of 011012 r) W.), maws, 8, TyIRTITHAM ST., RUNCORN.

.o,P!',"el TO .£lOO iiuU dv APPLY W. JACKSON', 70, PLYI2OIITH GROVR, MAN t'fl Fr.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
iimaneetli

WINTER SALF, COMMENCING TUESDAY, JANUARY 7TH.

S

LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S WOOLLEN UNDERWEAR VERY CHEAP TO CLEAR. CORSETS.

A GOOD SELECTION TO SUIT ALL FIGURES. ODD MAKES AND SIZES SOLD REGARDLESS OP COST.

INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S MILLINERY. WOOL HOODS, HATS AND TAMS FROM so. HATS & BONNETS IN SILK. LAMBSWOOL & SEAL FROM is. BOYS' AND GIRLS' COLOURED FELT HATS FROM is. 3D.

A LARGE VARIETY OF PELISSES, WALKING COATS, BLOUSES, JERSEYS, GIRLS' SAILOR DRESSES, FUR NECKLETS & MUFFS, FROCKS, etc., GREATLY REDUCED TO. CLEAR.

BABY LINEN.

INFANTS' FLANNELS from is. 30. to ss. 110. DAY GOWNS, 90. to 13s. Go. ROBES in NAINSOOK, NUN'S VEILING, & SILK from 2s. Gd. SHAWLS, CLOAKS, Etc., AT VERY Low PRICES.

MISSES WOODS, To, RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

OUTDOOR GARMENTS.

If there is one thing more than another in which we have developed originality, says the Queen, it is in the shape of our current outdoor garments. They are very freakish. We use curious materials and quaint embroideries, taking our inspiration from the Orient, Russia, and the Norse. Some of the cabuchons are truly barbaric. The only thing that characterises all such garments would seem to be the 'absence of a high collar. They most of them fall closely to the shoulders. and then descend in ends or open widely or hang in rich folds in front. Beautiful linings of vivid rose colour and rich brocade tharacterise many of the new models. Some are shawl shaped, and others have sling sleeves and angel sleeves, as well as cape-like sleeves. Many of the embroideries are of the Persian order, and now we are wearing a great deal of velvet.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A SMART COSTUME.

T

1

Very smart is the chic little costume pictured in our sketch, which has just come over from Paris, where costumes of a similar type are creating quite a furore just now. The upper part of the costume consists of a plain, close, semi-fitting coat of the darkost green corduroy

. is bound all round its edges a strapping of plain dark-green silk braid. This coat can be worn either open or closed, but when open it displays a mannish little waistcoat of biscuit cloth, fastened down the middle with a row of 'outtons. The skirt which accompanies this coat is of the pleated type, and is carried out in tartan' of a very sombre tone, almost if not quite identical with the Black Watch plaid with which we are all so familiar. Thi...4 costume. I need hardly say, is intended strictly for country wear, the corduroy standing any amount of wear and tear and bad weather with impunity. Worn with a simple hat the effect is exceedingly smart, and the eostumo is undeniably becoming. A SMART VELVET FROCK.

Striped velveteens are in great demand, both in Paris and London. It has been discovered by acme of the more intelligent of our sex, says a Globe writer, that a striped velveteen does not shew marks of chair or sofa so much as un- striped. The same is true of velvet and velvet chiffon. There is a pinkish tone of grey which is seen upon the necks of some doves, and also in a velveteen gown made for a beautiful prin. eess. The mode is as follows: The skirt is abso. lutely tight below the waist, hut an immense amount of fulness is let in in pointed gores. The beginning of these is hidden by a bias band of , the velveteen which goes entirely round tho skirt. The bodice is cut away in a small curve round the back of the neck, and in two deeper curves in front, a bias band of velveteen inter- vening between the two, and laid upon a very full blouse of deep cream-coloured mimosa lace. the design of which is outlined with pale gold thread. The collar of this blouse is carried very high, and, in fact, ascends in points behind the ears, conveying almost an idea of strangulation. The sleeves are full as far as the elbow, and thence are composed of the lace with several rows of velveteen, each outlined with pale gold chain stitch, -

.i-.-' ' , eV , :-.._ .1-1,51 e ,x 1 41) Ad ...,:i, ), • 1 4ro E' i t i I I '....,::. , ::I , 'II' tk.ii l . it'ia r viVil ( I 4411 /44'44./.4A . I,- tritp • (ilk .*. 2 fp; ki '44,4 oily A i 11,41iF 1.41f4.i41,,v 4\v, 4,* ~,i. .4.up. .&,47,t ta4 Ng, s, p ,4 Apr; • velveteen, which ' with

===== 0002601_19080111_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
To-DAY'S RECIPE.

.11,0ASIT GUINEA FOWL.—Thee should be pre- pared and roasted, the same as chickens, fr.? stuffing only to be different. This should be pre- pared as fonows: Ingredients for a pair of 'fowh: Half a pound of mu.shrooms, four ounces of celery (chopped), six ounces of breadcrumbs. one tablespoonful of finely-chopped shallot, on tablespoonful of chopped parsley, one ounse ti blitter, a sprig of thyme (chopped), salt, pepper. and grated nutmeg to taste,. milk. Peel Am.a chop the mushrooms, and mix with them th celery, breadcrumbs, shallot, parsley, thyme. and seasoning. Add the bowr and sufficient milk to thoroughly moisten and use. The cauli• fewer to be served with this E hou id be plain boiled. Those aro the be:st cuuliaowers which are close and white. After trimming and was'i- ing them let them stand in cold salted water or an hour, and then boil them in equal quantitieA of milk and water, to which has been added s little salt. E.'crve with a coating cf thick whits.

A PRETTY PARTY FROCK.

Pictured in our sketch is a dainty little party frock for a schoolgirl in her teens. The material in which it is realised is a pretty, soft ninon-de- soie in a charming shade of ivory. Over the shoulders come wide bands of Irish guipure,

Thee a full soft front of nincti. , into a rounded band of the guipurs the d6eoll..tage being filled by a oho- tucked chiffon. The sloeves, too, arn

chiffon, and come from beneath an over-sleeve of the ninon edged with guipure and lace. Similar frilled barhie. of guipure decorate the full gathered skirt, which is completed by a sasll of ivory satin with fringed ends, which is knotted in front and allowed to hang almost to the hem of the skirt.

4; 4) _if, (7,,,,i;', '• • 4 orit, -- e --... / • ' ' ; -, .• I \ • 1 ; \I '`•,-,..-.) i 1 111 ; . ; arupwwivis I .c4{. ilktt 4/1011.11rottiNslik; ii1;1111 iitiallatillilitaavitmanzsillirraallailik; iswi'llstrwswi2 4,21;1°21111.1111.11111rniPt • ' t'irS 4 ie/P2' k Nrearziolit„, a ;; , s; oil ritriVia;lll9 ' '' I , , --•-• - >9'l . ---- ------- -----=--- ---.-_-_- .k.;,,. __=„-=--_-... edged with little frillin of 'Valenciennes lace, and forming a sort of fichu or bretelles. bands ar3 oonn.?cted v which is set at tho top, mi.,--ette of of

===== 0002601_19080111_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lii , ci

===== 0002601_19080111_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
McDoUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR I NPDRI MU& .

===== 0002601_19080111_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PROOF

IS BETTER THAN

PALAVER:

The world-wide fame of Mother Seigel's Syrup is based on the evidence of men and women whom it has cured of indigestion, biliousness, constipa- tion, headaches, sleeplessness, flatulence, nervous depression, amemia, and other disorders of the stomach, liver and kidneys. Compounded of roots and herbs, Mother Seigel's Syrup contains digestive ferments and gentle tonics for the stomach, liver and kidneys. These qualities render it invaluable to all who, through unhealthy sur- roundings, sedentary occupation, worry, overwork, or climatic changes, lack the vitality which only good food, well digested, can supply. When you are tortured with indigestion, so that you can't eat, can't woik, can't think, can't sleep, you should aforice give Mother Seigel's Syrup a trial. Tens of thousands of people testify that Mother Seigel's Syrup cures indigestion, because it has cured them. Profit by their experience ! Here is some proof :--Mrs. E. K. Smith, 2, Colmer Road, South Streatham, London, S.W., writing on September sth, 1907, says : " After every meal I was tortured with pain in my chest and back. My face used to flush, and I was often sick. But Mother Seigel's Syrup made me as well as ever."

Mother Seigel's Syrup is now also pre- pared in Tablet form, and sold under the name of Mother Seigel's Syrup Tablets. Price 2/9 per bottle. One Size only.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
PREMIUM ON BABIES.

Mayor Offers £1 Prize to 100 Parents.

sG.;:a"

At the meeting of the Halifax Town Council on Wednesday night the Nlayor,Alderman William Wallace, announced that he would offer .0 t to the parents of each of the first hundred children born in the borough this year,in all cases in which the children reached one year of age. The conditions, said his Worship,were as follows The children must be born on or after January Ist, 1908. The birth of each child wtist he reported to the medical officer within 48 hours of its birth. The medical officer will keep the register of the children and the parents of the first 100 reported, 'alto will be eligible to receive the on the child attain- ing the age of twelve months.

7.t8 soon as practicable after the birth is repr.rted, the parents will b., given a ptornissory note to tile va,itie of £l, payable only after the child attains the ape of one year. The announcement N% as received with applause.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
MEP GREAT

Bottles 1 11_ and 29 chemists Everywhere I

===== 0002601_19080111_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
, 0 • le 1111 , • • • 1 . , . , . , . . , • MTH: . ..- ke• ~,,,j - ' , 1., . . . ~W• . . • ' • • . ,-. 1,,

The Examiner, Saturday January 11, 1908.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

THE TURN OF THE WHEEL.

BY DOROTHY BAIRD, &uthor of "My Beautiful Boy," "The Imper- Calcine of Mr. Scroggins," "The Story of a Look," "The Girl with the Sweet Face," &c.

The short December afternoon was swiftly drawing to its close. Heavy grey clouds, racing before a cruel wind, had long ago hidden the wan isun from sight, and a premature darkness had spread over the great city. Presently rain began to fall, quickly changing into sleet—odd and miserable as only sleet can be. And all the while the wind raged mercilessly, whistling down the narrow alleys, roaring in the wide thoroughfares, beating round sharp corners, and drivin, the sleet before it with stinging force. The wretched afternoon was turning into a wild night. Reginald Messon plodded wearily northwards, the collar of his threadbare coat turned up, and his head well down to meet the gale. He was still quite young, in spite of his grey hair and wrinkled race; the lines were those of trouble, not of age. And he was a gentleman in spite of his shabby clothes and worn-out boots—but a gentleman in the direst straits, and, to judge by the expression of his face, one in the very depths of despair. Only a short time ago he had been in posses- sion of a moderate income—an income which had enabled him to marry without a shadow d) f anxiety for the future, and which left him free Lo follow his literary pursuits for the pure love of them, and not for the necessity of earning money. For Reginald Masson was a thinker— not an irresponsible dreamer, but one who studied human life with the desire of doing what he could to make it nobler and better. He wrote very little, and spent the rest of his time in thinking, observing, reading—storing his mind with knowledge that must be of use to him sooner or later. There was no necessity for him te hurry with his work, and so he laboured on at his leisure' putting his whole soul into the book, and Doris helped him.

Doris was not in the least clever. She was a homely, domesticated little soul, never happier than when she was doing odd jobs about the house, or darning her husband's socks. She often said that she was an absurd wife for so intellec- tual a man. And yet, perhaps, the book would never have been written but for her. It was she who took his notes and copied them legibly, putting them away in such order that she could always lay her hand on the particular fact he wanted. She wrote for hours at his dictation, and always transcribed the MSS. clearly after he had corrected them. More than that, her heart was as much in the work as his was, and when he was inclined to be downhearted or discouraged at the magnitude of the task he had set before him, it was she who coaxed away his misgivings and set him to work afresh, with higher aspira- tions and renewed courage. The book was nearing completion when the crash came. Reginald's mind was so full of the sorrows of the world, its sin and misery, its fleeting joys and changing hopes, that it never entered his head to watch the way his own affairs were trending. When the bank in which all his money was invested stopped payment, he was totally unprepared for the blew. After every- thing was settled he found himself practically penniless, and with only the book to rely on for provision for the future. Still, he did not despair. The book was good; modest as he was he was convinced of that, and he was a man of stern judgment. They both had wild dreams as to the profits which should accrue from it, and for a time they worked on cheer- fully, trying to forget how near the wolf was drawing to their door. Then Doris began to droop, tired out with stress of work and fruitless economising. The baby came into the world all too soon, and after wailing a feeble protest at the hardness of its lot had fallen asleep to wake no more. In spite of her heavy sorrow, the young mother never allowed her cheerfulness to !fag as the weeks went by, and their little store of money dwindled. They had to sell up their -home at last and move into cheap lodgings. Here Reginald finished his book and sent it out, and both he and Doris tried for daily situations. But situations are hard to find, especially when the face of the applicant is worn with anxiety and his clothes are shabby. Presently the book came back with a polite note of refusal. It was good, the publisher said, but it would never be popular. He did not feel justified in making any offer for it, but if Mr. Masson cared to pay the cost of publication he would undertake it, &c.

This happened, not once, but many times. Nobody would take the book, nobody would employ the author. Doris failed to obtain a situation. Now they were reduced to a garret in a very poor quarter, and starvation stared them in the face.

1— He had started out that day with renewed hope. One of the leading magazines had accepted a short story and he was going to ask for immediate payment. Also he had been recom- mended to a post as private secretary to a successful novelist, and he had little doubt but that he would obtain it. All the way to the City he had amused himself by looking in at the shops and planning what he would take home to Doris—poor, cheerful Doris in her fireless attic, with nothing in the cupboard for dinner. He had positively gloated in the thought of seeing her eat a real good meal once more, and warm her numbed limbs before a blazing tire. But now the last hope was gone. The magazine only paid its contributors on the publication of their work, and would in no case make an exception to this rule; the secretaryship had been given to someone with more (xperimice. Reginald plodded homewards with bitter feelings in his heart. He would give up the writing that was so dear to him, and set to work on light literature, the frothy nothings that are in such demand at the leading libraries, the blood- curdling stories of crime and criminals which pander to the popular taste for highly-coloured literature. There was money in such stuff; there was none in lofty ideals and good writing. He had striven after the best and it had brought him low; he would aim lower, it might raise him high in this world's goods. The shops which had called up such happy day-dreams in the morning only added to his anguish now. Once ho stopped and gazed with hungry, wolfish eyes at some food in a cook-shop, but he quickly turned away with a choking sob. Not for himself; he forgot his own hunger entirely in the thought that Doris must go supperless to bed. Anxious as he was to get back to her, his steps slackened almost unconsciously as ho neared their humble dwelling. It was so hard to have to go back to her like this. Not that she would grumble—she never did that even in their darkest days—only her bright eyes would cloud for a moment, and she would bite her lips to keep them from trembling while she gained enough control over her voice to speak cheerfully and comfortingly. Her very courage made it harder to disappoint hor, for he knew what it cost her to be brave.

She was waiting on the landing as he came up the stairs.

"Is that you P" she called, for the staircase was winding and ill-lighted. "Yes," he answered, and he knew that the very sound of his voice must tall her that his miNsion had been fruitless.

"Oh, you poor, wet hey!" 3Le exclaimed as she embraced him. "Tale off your coat at once and hang it on the bannisters to dry. And then, oh! Reg, I have such a surprise for you." Her tone was more than usually cheerful. He caused, to hold her in his arms a moment, and laid his cheek to hers. • It was good to be together, no matter what misery was ahead. She returned his caress with a hearty hug, end then seized him by the arm and led him Co the attic door.

--• "Oh! I am so excited," she said. "See!" She flung open the door, and stood triumphant. A cheerful fire burnt in the little grate, a tin of cocoa flanked the cups and saucers on the table, err!. the whole r_oom Wfl.• redolent of the ersteful

Odoftr or hot sausages. Reginald could not speak. The change from the gloomy scene he had pictured all the way home was too great, and his eyes filled with tears. Doris understood. _

"I did it all myself," she said, dragging him to a chair before the fire. "Pull off your boots. Look, I have warmed your slippers, and here is a pair of dry socks. I think darned socks are warmer than now ones, don't you?" And she held up a pair that certainly needed some recom- menation, for they showed more darning than •original texture. Her manner was irresistible. Reeinald smiled up at her, though the tears stood in nul eyes. "How—" he began.

But she stopped him with a kiss. "I shan't tell you anything till we've had supper," she said. "Do be quick with thoso toots. I'm so hungry. The kettle's just on the boil, and there's heaps of milk and sugar, and a lovely brown loaf, and—guess what besides." . . . .

"Sausages," ventured -Reginald, beginning to laugh. And mashed potatoes," she returned, dancing backwards and forwards from table to fireplace. "Come along, it's all ready, and oh, won't we just stuff.," Was there ever such a happy meal? Reginald thought it impossible. Certainly no food had ever tasted so delicious as the homely sausages and mashed potatoes, no nectar could form so generous a beverage as the rich brown cocoa, poured out by Doris. Doris was like a presiding genius of joy, she was so happy, and her pretty, pathetic little face so radiant. All through the meal she kept up a light flow of merry chatter, and she would answer no questions till the table was cleared. Then she drew up a stool close to Rec,inald's chair, and, producing a tiny screw of tobacco, proceeded to fill her husband's pipe, which had, alas! lain empty for so long. "It's only just a whiff for to-night," she said. "But you shall have more to-morrow." And she laughed gleefully at the sight of his pleased face, and ran to open the door for the poor little kitten who lived a miserable, hunted life in the base- ment, and who came to her sometimes for comfort. And she was so happy that she gave it all the milk which had been saved for their morning meal. "We shan't miss it," she said. Reginald waited till she had subsided upon her stool again, then he placed his hand under her chin and turned her face to his. "What does it all mean ? " he asked. "It means that I have found work," she answered, gaily. "Work that will last for some little time any way." _

, .. . "Tell me about it," he said, puffin.,' luxuriously at his pipe. The witch had got hold of his favourite tobacco.

"I was so miserable after you had gone to-day, Reg," replied she, nestling up closer to him. "It was so cold, and I was so hungry, and I knew you were cold and hungry too. And I knew also that you wouldn't be successful. I just sat hero feeling about as low as I could feel, and presently my thoughts went back to the dear old days, and I felt that I must go and look at the, house—our first home, dear—and so I tramped all the way out to Hampstead. It's all just thc same as it used to be, only they've put up a summer-house where our old arbour used to stand, and the curtains at the windows aren't half so pretty as mine were." She paused. It was hard to speak casually of the place which had been so dear to her.

"I walked up and down the lane for such a long time, Reg, she went on, bravely. "Somehow I couldn't summon up courage to leave it, and there was nothing but hopelessness to come back to. And as I walked backwards and forwards I tried to think what I could do to earn money. You know I'm not clever, I don't think anyone will ever take me as a governess; the very questions they ask me frighten me out of my life. Of course, I would like to go and read to some old lady or gentleman every morning, and write letters, and so on; but so would a great many others, and really there aren't enough old people to go round. I couldn't think of anything else but charing, and I didn't feel quite up to that! I was just giving it up in despair, and was taking my last look at the old place, when the door opened and two ladies came down the path._

4 " 'I don't know what to do,' said one, who was evidently the lady of the house. The children are invited to so many parties, and I'm all in arrears with their work. I'd give anything to hear of a good sewing woman who would come to the house by the day.' " 'l'm sorry I don't know of anyone,' replica her friend. I was trying for the same thin,' last week. I could only get an ex-lady's-maid, who was too proud to do this and that and the other,_ and grumbled at the food.'

" Sewing women seem the rarest thing in the world,' said the first lady. 'I am sure I could employ anyone for a,fortnight, for there are lots of house things that want doing, and I would pay well. I shouldn't mind that.' "They shook hands and parted. Reg dear, I could have screamed with joy, for, you know, I can sow very nicely' when I try. I could hardly keep from dancing !ip the path, but by a great effort I managed to walk sedately. I told Mrs. Cameron—that was the lady's name—that I had overheard some of her conversation, and I offered my services, which were accepted on the spot." Reginald smoothed her hair very tenderly. "My little Doris a sewing woman! " he murmured, and relief and pain struggled for mastery in his voice. "Has it come to that ? "

_ "Hush!" she said. "It was very nice. I enjoyed it. All day long I have been sitting in the dear old study, and there was such a cosy lire, Reg, and :inch good things to cat. Oh dear me! I felt so horribly greedy when I thought of my poor old man dinnerless out in the cold. But there's heaps of work to be done. You needn't ,worry any more. You can sit at home and write some short stories, and by tie time my work gives out the money for yours will be coining in. I don't think my work will give out for a very long time," she added, sagely. "Mrs. Cameron says she knows plenty of People who will only be too thankful to have me.". "Doris, somehow I don't like the idea," he said. "It seems all wrong and topsy-turvey that you should be earning the bread, while I- oh! my dearest, everything I touch seems to be a failure." In an instant her arms were round his neck. "You don't know yet," she said. "Only six publishers have seen your book. It does not follow that because they have refused it everyone else will do so. Don't you remember old Mr. Roland saying that you had a great future before you if only you would be patient? He is very wise, yau know—much wiser than your little wife.',

He made a.gesture of impatience. "Oh, yea, I knows" he said. "But I can't make money—l can't keep my wife. Instead, she is keeping me. I have been thinking about it all the way home, and I have made up my mind to give up serious writing and scribble love stories and sensational detective stories; I might even write a melodrama for provincial touring companies. There is money in all that." And he laughed—a hitter laugh that made Doris's heart ache. "You will do nothing of the kind," she answered, firmly. "That would be tiikiw, your one talent and using it for ignoble ends, which is worse than wrappin7 it up in a napkin and bury- ing it, for that at llast does no harm to others. You can do better, and you ought to do so. No, no; you will be bravo! You will never write a line that you could be ashamed of, or that I could be ashamed of for you. You will be a power in the world, and a power for good." Ile was silent, and she continued, caressingly: "You art' going to write a lot of short stories for they will help to keep the pot boiling till the book is taken—nice stories, you know, like the book. And you might do some essays on the queer side of life you have been seeing lately. And every day you must, work a little at the new book. You haven't even begun it, and you told me the plot ages ago. I shall look forward ta coming home eften night and hearing all you have written." •

She knew that she had conquered; she knew I thatite lynuld.neyer stoon to any less noble forui*

===== 0002601_19080111_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
or writing. 'rnere 'was no neett or woras between them—just a kiss; it was more than enough. WARRINGTON AND VYRN WY WATER. She seated herself on her stool again, looking The Town Clerk reported to the Water Committee very mysterious and important with a piece of that the Liverpool Corporation had given notice of paper and a pencil, their intention to apply to Parliament to put an end to 'l'm just going to consider how much I can the agreement made with the Corporation of Warring- ton, dated the 15th July, 183 J, entitling this Corporation save before the end of the week," she said, to a simply from the Vyrnwy Aqueduct and it was "We'll try and live as cheaply as we can till resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to oppose then, and on Saturday night you shall meet me the application. on the way home, and we'll go and do the In moving the adoption of the minutes, Alderman shopping together. Oh! " she exclaimed, break-1 EVANS Said it was the absolute duty of that Corporation ____ ing off suddenly and clasping her hands, "it to object with all' the power they had to the action to may be very wicked to set one's heart upon' The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town be taken by Liverpool. The Committee had no record riches when they increase, but I feel just wild Connell was held in the Council Chamber at the TO:Ctt of the yield of the water from wells at Winwick and with joy at having some money to spend once Hall on Tuesday evening under the nresidency of the Delph-lane. and they had decided that a continuous . Mayor (Alderman Smethurst). There were also present: pumping of twenty-four hours, and a further continuous more. pumping for six days would give them some informa- zcAlde_rinen L. Ellison., John Evans, W. Forshaw, W. . ..,. -' hours pimping . ri rpoint and D. finnion • Coancillors 'l'. H. Ashcroft Saturday was bright and sunshiny, with just non, fne twenty-tour hours pumping had given very enough frost in the atmosphere to make it J. Ball, T. B irton, W. Benson, T. Barton T. Chantlei I satistactory results, but the six days pumping had not yet taken place. .Vith regard to an item " Expenses of pleasant. Doris seemed to have caught some of J. G. Craik, E. Cunnington.J. Dickenson, Evans', J. ' Chairman, as he (Alderman Evaus) was unable to ride the brilliancy of the day, for her face was radiant J. Hawthorn, J. T. Locker, J. Lord, J. J. Nield, Pemberton W. B. Roberts, W. Rogers, J. Sankey, FL a bicycle, the Committee had allowed him to take a cab 'with smiles and gladness. "It does one good to have such a cheerful Singleton;J. Skelland, T. S. Steel, P. Stott, 0. Toole, whenever he thought it advisable to visit the works. person in the house," said Mrs. Cameron, as she J. Wilkinsen, W. J. Wilson ; Nlessrs. .J. L. Weittle Councillor STOTT, in seconding, suggested that it watChed her out into the darkness of the lane. (town clerk), A. T. Hallaway (deputy town clerk), .1. would be beneficial to Alderman Evans if he did ride a Fairhurst (borough treasurer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), F. V. L. Mathias (electrical engineer), .T. NI. The minutes were passed. "And yet I know she has seen great and Murray (director of education), and Dr. J. ' C. liibbert THE ELECTRIC LIGHT FOR SHOPS. terrible trouble—it lies underneath the happiness (medicalofhcer). A deputation from the 7radesmen's Association in her face. The marvel is how she kthene.p: it underneath and never lets .00ris almost ;an in her eagerness to meet I. COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON. waited upon the Electricity Committee with regard to Reginald. She nad made a list of everything i The mAyon, on taking the chair, said :—I hay great the charges for electricity as an illuminant. The committee promised to give their representations due they wanted to to buy, and for Some time past pleasure in wishing you `! A happy and a prosperous consideration. she had carefully examined the shops which lay New Year," and I hope the Council proceedings will along her route, noting those where the goods continue to be, as in the past, conducted in peace and SMALL HOLDINGS. ; looked freshest, and were marked lowest, so that harmony and for the benefit of the borough. (Hear, NO LOCAL APPLICATIONS she might be fully prepared for the m hear.) omentoui The Small Holdings and Allotments Committee occasion. THE LATE ALDERMEN FRANCOMB AND reported that they .with the Town Clerk, _attended at

"Doesn't everyone look happy, Reg ? " she said when they met. "But there's nobody quite so happy as 1 sm. Mrs. Cameron gave me more than I expected to-day, as I wmked a little later. I think we'll put that by towards new clothes, don't you ? " Reginald laughed—she was so deliciously grave and important in the management of bei pittance—then he drew' her into a sheltered corner near a lamp-post. "Look," hr id, di paper from

Cliester and head nr. Corrie-Grant, K.C., expound the new Act. The Chairman having reported on the conference a long discussion ensiled on the pro- visions of the Act, and it was resolved, "That the Town Clerk ascertain by advertisement to what extent Ithe ratepayers are likely to avail themselves of the provisions of the Act with regard to small holdings and allotments." i At a later meeting the Town Clerk reported that he had inserted an advertisement in each of the local news- : plpurs inviting apolications for small holdings or t allotments, and that there had been nr• • -

FAIRCLOUGEI. The MAYOR read letters from gr. Stanley Francomb and Mrs. James Fairclough acknowledging the Council's kind expressions of sympathy with them in their bereavement. INSPECTION OF SCEIOOL CLIELDREN. Alderman ELLISON moved the confirmation of those minutes of the Education Committee which required the confirmation of the Council. Councillor ‘VILKINSON seconded.

ke saiu, drawing a slip of his pocket and handing it to her. It was a cheque for five pounds. Doris's eyes danced. "What is it for ?" she cried, when utterance was vouchsafed her. "It's for a story I wrote a few days ago—the day after you first went to Mrs. Cameron. 1 haven't shewn it to you—" "Oh, Reg, to write a story and not show it to me!" The tones were very reproachful. "No, dear," lie said, penitently. "I didn't want you to see it. You'd have made me alter it if you had." Doris's eyes grew wide with fear. "Is there something in it I shouldn't like?" she asked. His face broke into a merry smile. "No, child, it isn't that at all," he answered. "But you are the model for the heroine, and I was afraid you'd find it out and want me to put in a lot of faults which wouldn't be true to the original--" Doris stopped his lips with her little cold hand. "You are exceedingly ridiculous," she said, as they turned to walk on. "But I suppose since you have earned five pounds I must forgive you." "There's another letter at home," he said, hesitatingly. "It's from Mordaunt about the book. But I didn't open it, dear, I hadn't the courage without you. A disappointment is so much worse if you aren't by." "To share it, eh? " laughed Doris. "Well, if it is a disappointment it won't matter much now, will it ? Let's forget all about it for a time and enjoy our shopping." It was very late when they climbed the stairs to their humble abode. Doris pronounced it to have been the most successful shopping expedi- tion she had ever undertaken; they had even managed to purchase a gorgeous silk tie as a present for the landlady, who had been good to them in their troubles, and they had ordered an extra supply of milk for the kitten to be left each morning. Moreover, the five pounds was untouched. Reginald was very silent during their walit home, and as soon as they had lighted the candle he handed her an envelope. "Read it," he said. "1 daren't." He did not dare to watch her face as stu mastered its contents; and by the time she had finished the perusal she had no voice left, so that she was fain to hold the sheet before his eyes. After all he was bound to read it for himself. They did not speak for a long time after that, only clung to each other very closely, and Doris cried a little. After a bit she stroked hif shabby coat lovingly. "No more thin clothes for my sweetheart," she said, with a little choke in her voice. "Nor for mine," he responded. She never seemed to remember that her dress had been originally intended for summer wear. In a moment she looked up, half laughter and half tears. "I suppose we shall have to leave this old garret ? " she said. "I believe you're sorry, Doris." She nodded. "We've been so happy here,' she whispered. "And so hungry and cold," he replied. "But we loved each other, and so it didn't matter. And now we wouldn't have it other- wise, would we?" Reginald shook his head. "It would have been very different but for you," he said. And so new and better days dawned fox Reginald and Doris—days which made their troubles seem like the memory of a bad dream. But the memory is not altogether unhappy, fox they emerged from that bitter time with a deeper love for one another, a fuller understanding of the blessed truth that "God's in His Heaven. All's right with the world 1" [ME END.]

to response CO such

I Councillor E vANS asked for information with refer- I , ence to the proceedings of the General Purposes Corn- advertisement. m minutes having been proposed by Aldermanittee of the Education Committee. He said he sup- ! , posed the sub-committee which had to deal with the Forteirew, seconded by Alderman ELLisoe inspection of the school children would report to the I The TOWN CLERK remarked that since the minutes were printed a gentleman had applied for a form of Education Committee. Would their services terminate then? application. In answer to Councillor Stott, he said The TOWN CLERK : I take it that a report will be the advertisement had been inserted in the three local presented to the Education Committee in due course, papers once. and then sent to the Town Council. From the wording Councillor STEEL asked when they were going to have ef the resolution I take it that the sub-committee will the promised report on the Small Holdings Act. He , had beer! expecting, great things from the Act. cease their duties when they have made their report. Councillor Bata thought they ought to advertise The minutes were then agreed to. I several times more before they made up their minds THE ALDERMANIC VACANCY. that the provisions of the Act were not going to be COUNCILLOR BURTON ELECTED. ; utilized locally. CLERK isaid the report was now being i The Council then proceeded to elect an alderman to The TOWN prepared and t was ntended to distribute it among fill the vacancy caused by the death of Alderman Fair- the ratepayers. clou. The minutes were accepted. I Al?l the members present—except Councillors Stott and Ball, who did not vote—voted for Councillor ANOMALIES OF REPRESENTATION. Burton, who was declared elected, and warmly congratu- ENLARGEMENT SCHEME DEFERRED. lated by the Mayor and other members. ! The General Purposes Committee resolved that a sub- Alderman BURTON said he sincerely thanked the c members for the honour they had conferred upon himommittee be appointed to report on the I tie appreciated it the more fully because it was the of the wards and the increase of the number of come- unanimous vote of the Council. (Hear, hear.) He enters ; that a representative of each Ward constitute would endeavour to do all he possibly could to discharge the sub-committee. The MAYOR moved, and Alderman TreteroN seconded, his duties in a way that would be satisfactory to the Council and also to the ratepayers. (Hear, hear.) the confirmation of the minutes. On the proposition of Alderman TINNION, seconded ' Councillor CHALK, alluding to the resolution that Alderman Ellison be appointed as the representative by Alderman Ev.ass, Alderman Burton was appointed of Fairfield Ward, said he had not one word to say to act as the returning officer for liewsey Ward. against that gentleman, but he was not a representative EARLY CLOSING FOR BARBERS. 'of the Ward and he, therefore, moved that Councillor lAt a meeting of the Health Committee, further Meld be appointed, lie questioned whether Alderman Ellison knew wnere Fairfield Ward began and where it amendments to the proposed Closing Order for Barbers' i Shops under the Shop Hours Act, 1901, were submitted . ended. (Laughter,) and approved by the committee. Resolved : " That Councillor LOCKER seconded. After some discussion the previous drift order be cancelled, and that the draft it was decided to refer the question of the appoint- , order (now submitted) be made and the necessary meats back to a further meeting, and with that excep- . advertisements given in accordance with the provisions tion the minutes of the Committee were approved. In of the Act." the meantime a gentleman would be selected to repre- Councillor Srorr reminded the Council that he sent Fairfield Ward, Alderman Ellison having consented objected to special privileges being given to high class to withdraw his name. The whole of the names will be hairdressers over the ordinary hairdressers. submitted for confirmation at the next meeting of the C umcillor SKELLAND said he believed great incon- Council. venience would be caused ladies' hairdressers if ladies eite came in to have their hair dressed when there were gentlemen waiting to receive attention. If ladies' hair- dressers in one street did not corue within the order he WORKER PARALYSED• thought the privilege should be extended to other ladies' hairdressers. -- -- After further discussion, Councillor EVANS said that The Record of a Helpless Man, whose limbs after the new order was adopted, the committee would be prepared to receive any objection that any hair- were numb and almost lifeless, made fit for dresser in the town wished to make. Ile would. Low- work again by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. A ever, remind the Council that they could not exempt 1, particular shops but only areas. I The minutes were then adopted. To carry a gleam of hope to the paralysed, Mr. ;fames Wiekson, of 39, Cranbourne-street, Leicester, BATHS AND BOWLING GREENS. has given the following account of his experiences of The Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee reported Paralyeie and subsequent cure by Dr. William.' Pink the receipt of a letter from the Director of Education Pills for Pale People. Mr. Wickson, although asking that the facilities for swimming afforded to paralysed and given up as incurable some months ago, school boys be exteuded to school girls. Resolved— " That owing to the want of accommodation the matter to-day enjoys excellent health, is able to work, and be deferred until new baths are built." i was recently interviewed while busy at his trade. The MAYOR proposed, and Alderman Ewsos "lama ho it finisher," said Mr. \Vickson, " and seconded, the adoption of the minutes. have to work hard for my living. When I became Councillor PEMBERTON said he was promised a short paralysed I thought I was done for, but, thanks to time ago that something would be done with regard to Dr. \Villiams' Pink Pills for Pale People, lam hearty providing more bowling greens in V ictoria Park. There and well. About a year ago I began to lose appetite, was no proposition on the minutes. The one green had and at the end of a day's work I felt strangely nervous been badly worn, and frequently in the summer fifty or sixty people could be seen waiting for a game. There and weak• was no lack of land for they had fifty or sixty acres "Ily strength ebbed away. I Was afraid to venture there. out doors because I had no control over my legs and Alderman PIERPOINT rose to a point of order. There faltered and staggered in my walk. At length I had was nothing on the minutes relating to a bowling green to be assisted about, and was as .helpless as a child. but he could assure Councillor Pemberton that this I fell away until my bones looked fleshless. At night matter had not '.,een lost sight of. Councillor PEMBERTON said now waS the time, if I cou d sleep only on one side. A numbness crept they were going to do anything for the coming season, over me, my eyes were affected, and strange pains The MAYOR observed that the Borough Surveymwas attacked my head. at the present time busy preparing plans for the baths and bowling green behind Garven-place. They were going on with the new baths for school children. Councillor PENIBERTON : There is no reason why the children should not use the present baths. The MAYOR : There is no accommodation. Conncillor PEMBERTON pointed out that there was the ladies' bath. Ile did not say the committee could accommodate all the children but they could accommo- date two or three hundred without inconvenience. The minutes were adopted. CORPORATION EMPLOYEES AS AUXILIARY POSTMEN. Councillor STOTT asked the Chairman of the Gas Committee :- 1. What number of men from the Gas Department were acting as auxiliary postmen during the Christmas and New Year weeks ? 2, On what days were they employed ? 3. Did any of them receive wages from the Corpora- tion for any portion of the time they were engaged on Post Office work ? Alderman Pierpoint's answers were : I. Ten meter inspectors. 2. December 23rd, 24th, and 25th. 3. No, except on Christmas Day. This was a holiday for which they were paid, and they worked for the Post Office from early morning until 11 a.m. Similar questions were put to the Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee with regard to his department. The MAYOR replied :- 1, One. 2. Christmas Day. 3. No. Councillor STEEL said it had been mentioned that Councillor Stott had given his reasons for asking the questions to the chairman et the committee. Could those reasons not be made pdblic ? Councillor STOTT said that strong representations were made to him that preference had been given by the Postmaster. who had it perfect right to select whom he liked, to Corporation servants, when there were men of good character on the register at the municipal labour bureau. They felt that unemployed men who could be relied upon might have been engaged in prefer- ence to men who were receiving a weekly wage. It was also said that the Corporation servants were being paid their wages during the time they were doing post office work. As the matter was mentioned to him (Councillor Stott) in public, he thought the questions ought to be answered publicly. ' The MAYOR : You see your information is entirely Incorrect. You should not take notice of people who ' tell such tales. (Laughter.) COMPLAINT ABOUT VIE GAS. Upon the minutes of the Gas Committee, Councillor HAWTIIORN asked why was it the town was supplied with such poor gas at Christmas time. The pressure was not only low but fluctuating and it had been impossible to remain indocrs with comfort. lie would be glad if the mattercould receive attention. Alderman PIERPOiNT said it bad been certified that the average illuminating power of the gas had been equal to 18,1 candles, and that was above the average. As to the fluctuation, that must have been due to the fittings not being kept properly clean. Any complaints as to fittings would receive attention at the gas office.

" At first I obtained very little relief, but as I con- I tinned there was a feeliag like nsw 13130 d through my . veins, and my limbs were not so numb. "Then I telt life return to toy limbs. My right arra. began to tingle. I persevered with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and the improvement became more rapid. My nelves felt strong and steady, and my appetite t svts wonderful. I regained lost weight and a healthy colour. Ito .yed freely, and felt cheerfnl and buoyant. At last all tny troubles vanished, and I could use my rams perfecily " I newer felt in better health than I do to-day-, and I have never had a symptom of paralysis since Dr. Williians Pink Pills for Pale People cured mm" Many severe cases of Nervous Disorders have been cured by Br. Williams' Pink Pills fir Pale People heeau-e they supply nutrition to the distressed nerves in the ferm of Rich New Blood. These clues include St. Vitus' Dance, Neuralgia, Sciatica and Paralysis, as well as Anemia, Indigestion, General Weakness and Rheumatism, and the Ailments of Women. Sold by all dealers, but see that you obtain the genuine pills (seven words as above), for substitutes never cure. Or send to the lititish Depot, 46, Holborn Viaduct,. Loudon, post fiee 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 91. for six b qes. " Many- Things Worth Knowing," an attractive booklet, will be sent pest free on receipt of postcard.

"Treatment afforded no relief, and I became pow erles.s even to dress myself. Then a creep- ing numbness attacked every nerve in my body, and my flesh grew cold and lifeless. Eventually I lost the use of my right arm, Ind later on my left arm began te grow lifeless 'too. Then the affliction increased in my legs. My stomach could no longer digest food, so I grew so weak I I almost starved. At last I was prostrated with weakness, and mr, unable to move a hand . staggered. to help myself. I gave up respair, for clever medical men assured me that my ease was hopeless. Yet, thanks to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, I did get well, _ and I will tell you how I came to try them. g4I ewe my recovery to a testimonial which appeared in the pa p•rs. It was the story of a paralysed rn,n who told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had hanisheu his paralysis. So as an exp-ritnent I ; sent for a box of the pills, and commenced taking the ii

_ :.. . - ~i, . ~ ~ „1 ~ r ,r. Hi: 7 i , al 1- IV 1 / •- - I -...,_ i ~ "1 had to control over legs; I tattered and ' •leri In (] '

===== 0002601_19080111_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
- - - SHOP DOOR THEFTS.

Bad Use of the New Order.

At the Borough Court on Monday, hefore the Mayor, and other magistrates, Edwin Mullins. Dial Court, was charged with stealing,on Saturday January 4th,frorn the sbop of Charles Price, two pieces of bacon and further with stealing from outside the shop of Thomas Lee, draper, a roll of cloth value 10s. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the first but not to the second charge. The Chief Constable said that on Satnrday evening the prisoner was seen by Mr. Cunliffe in Buttermarket- street, to take a piece of bacon from the shop named. The police were informed and prisoner on being arrested at once admitted the theft. The police went to the house of prisoner's mother and discovered the stolen bacon in the cupboard. Prisoner was also seen outside Messrs. Lee's shop in Buttermarket-street by the manager, Mr. Eaton, and later the cloth was missed. Prisoner's mother was again visited and the cloth found in her house. On the way to the police station prisoner denied the theft but when charged admitted it. Herbert Eaton said he last saw the cloth tied up outside the shop at 430 on Saturday. The cloth had not been sold. He went to prisoner mother's house and told her that is if she let him have the cloth back it wonid he-alright hut the polka had been informed. Mary Messenger,sister of the prisonv,said her brother brought the rc.ll of cloth home and went out. She went and told mother about it as she thought he had not got it honestly. The Chief Constable said rrisoner only came out of gaol on Saturday hut he would have remained in until the 18th bad it. not been for the new order and he (the Chief Constable) would he glad if prisoner was given the full turn. .

The Mayor said the prisoner had made very bad use of the orrtPr and the bench meant to mark their dis- approval of his conduct. He would have to go to gaol for two months on each charge. THEFT OF A SEIRT.

John Roberts, Friars Green, ass charged with steal- ing from outside the shop of Messrs. Tyrer, Buttertuarbet-street, a dress skirt value bs. and also with assaulting P.C. Clough. 'the Chief Constable said that on Saturday night at 9 o'clock, prisoner was seen to go into Mr. Tyrer's shop and place something under his coat. When arreOed by P.C. Clough he acted like a madman anri assabilf d the censtnble. P.C. Clough said that he had to eee 1)!. Smith owing, to prisoner " butting " him in the chest. Prisoner ens sent to goal for three monihs with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE FOR COUGHS anti COLOS

TOWN COUNCIL.

ENLARGEMENT SCHEME DEFERRED. Corporation "131,1u3n as Postman.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 11, l9OB PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS

To Wash Scarlet Flannel.—Mix a handful of flour in a quart of cold water, and boil ten minutes. To this add some warm suds made with castile soap, and then wash the flannel gently, rinsing rather than rubbing it. Now rinse in twc or three waters of the same temperature—jusi comfortably warm to the hands, not hotter—an hang out to dry in the shade. By this method the colour should remain unchanged in the flan- nel after many washings. For the Complexion.—lt is a very good plac to take a warm bath every night before retiring This cleanses the body. A cool sponge in tht morning invigorates one. Glycerine and rose. water agree very well with most skins, but th glycerine shonld not be too strong. Diet much to do with the complexion. Avoid highlc seasoned foods and rich fancy and desserts; sub- stitute fruits. Drink plenty of water between meals. Mock Terrapin.—Cut bits of cold roasted fowl, turkey, or duck in cubes of one inch. Measure; to each pint allow two tablesnoen- , fuls of butter, one tablespoonful of flour, linif a pint of milk, and the hard-boiled yolks of three eggs. Rub the butter and flour together, add ' . the milk, stir until boiling; add this gradually to the yolks of the eggs, rubbing all the while. When you have a perfectly smooth, thick, • yellow sauce, add the chicken; stand it over hot water for a least twenty minutes, add a level teaspoonful of salt, a saltspoonful of white pepper, and a teaspoonful of suitable sauce. Serve smoking hot:—"London Journal."

Patterdale Puthlings.—The weight of two eggs in flour, sugar, and butter; beat the eggs; then add flour and sugar gradually, the butter melted, a little salt, the rind of half a lemon grated, and a few currants. Bake in well- buttered teacups for twenty-five minutes, and serve with wine sauce.

Helena Pudding.—Four oz. stale bread- crumbs, 2oz. sugar, loz. butter, loz. candi?cl peel, 2 eggs, some raspberry (or other) jam, and 1 pint of new milk. Boil the milk and pour it over the breadcrumhs, and allow them to soak, fifteen minutes ; then add the beaten yolks of eggs, butter, sugar, and peel chopped fine. Pour this into a buttered piedish, ecread the jam on the top, then add the whites of the eggs whisked to a, stiff froth. Bake for half an hour, or until a light golden brown.

Florence Pudding.—Take }lb. each of flour, ground rice, brown sugar, suet (chopped fine) and currants; teaspoonful of carbonate of soda and a pinch, of salt. Mix all these ingredients well together with a teacupful of milk. Boil 31- hours. The addition of one or two eggs improves • the pudding; in that case use only half a cup of milk. -

Kendal Pudding.—Take one teacupful of ground rice, grated breadcrumhs. chopped suet, currants and sugar, one e2g, spice to taste, a little candied, peel chopped fine. and -k cupful of stoned and chopped raisins. Thoroughly mix these ingredients, adding teaspoonful of baking powder, and boil in a well-greased basin 11 hours. Serve with wine sauce. '

All Three Pudding.—Three oz. currants, chopped apples, suet, grated breadcrumbs, castor sugar, and three eggs. leaving out .liie white. Mix well, and boil for two hours Serve with sweet sauce flavoured with brandy, if approved.

Manchester Pudding,—Three oz. bread crumbs, pint of rew milk, a strip of lemon rind, four eggs, 2oz. butter, sugar to taste, and three tablespoonfuls of brandy. Flavour the milk with the lemon rind by infusing it for an hour ; then strain it on the breadcrumbs and boil it for two or three minutes; add the eggs, leaving out the whites of 2. the butter, sugar, and brandy. Stir all...these ingredients yell together. Cover a piedish with puff paste. and at the bottom put a layer of any kind of jam ; pnitr over it the mixturp, cold,, and bake thg pudding for one hour. Serve cold, with a little sifted sugar sprinkled over it.,

Snonste Cake Puddirg.—Put a pint of new rn'lk irto an enamel-liaed saucepan ; add a little salt and four talmimorfuls of sugar; then &x three tablespoonfuls of flour in cup of cold milk and stir in when the milk is scalding not. Stir it till it thickens, and let it conk for en minutes ; add the yolk of one egg well beaten ; rook five minutes, and remove from the fire. Slice some stale sponge cakes of an inch thick. Put a few spoonfuls of the custard in the bottom of a flat dish, and next A layer of cake spread thinly with jam ; then another layer of cake. and pour over it the remainder of the custard, which should have been kept warm. Beat the white of the egg to a stiff froth; add two tablespoonfuls of icing sugar, and beat till smooth ; then put it over the top of the custard. Set the dish in a tin plate half full of water, and put in a hot oven for five minutes to brown the frosting. Serve cold.

Cumberland Pudding.--Two ez. butter. 4oz. castor sugar, 3 eggs, 2oz. flour, 4oz. bread- crumbs. 1 gill of milk, 3oz. candied lemon peel. 3oT. dried cherries, a little essence of lemon, and some apricot, jam. Beat the butter to a cream, add the sugar, then the eggs one at a time ; stir in the flour and breadcrumbs, the milk, mix gently, add essence of lemon, candied peel (finely chopped) and the cherries. Pour the mixture into a buttered mould and steam for one and a-half hours. Dissolve 'tall a pot of apricot jam in hot water; turn the pudding on to a dish, and pour the sauce .over it, and serve at once.

Chocolate Pudding.—Half pound of light /tale breadcrumbs. 1 pint of new milk, loz. butter, 2 large teaspoonfuls of grated chocolate, 2 eggs well beaten, and a little sugar. Boil the brqati in the milk till it becomes a thick paste; when it has. cooled a little, add the other ingredients, and put the whole into a well-buttered piedisn. sake it for threequarters of an hour, and serve either with cream or cup custard.

Polished Floors.—When staining floor don't forget that the stain should be applied with the grain of the wood—that is, up and down the boards, not across. In polishing afterwards follow the same plan.

To Make Stockings Wear Well.—When knitting socks or stockings remember that a strand of silk knitted into the toes and heels with the wool makes them wear far better than if the wool is knitted alone.

Stains on Carpets.—Grease or blacklcad stains on carpets can be removed by covering them with a paste made of fuller's earth and Ivater to which either a hale spirits of tur- pentine or ammonia has been added. Leave till dry, and then brush.

A Mc.‘st Useful Hint in Dressmaking.—Lightly sap the seams of your skirt before ironing them instead of damping them, which is apt to stretch the cloth. Also, when putting new braid on a skirt, da.mp it first, then iron it, as this prevents shrinkage.

A Cure for Toothache.—Here is a very simple cure which a correspondent assures me is very efficacious. Saturate a small piece of cotton wool with glycerine and rose-water mixed in equal proportions. Put this in your ear, ands in a few minutes the pain will dis- a:Mear.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHER'S IMBOUNKO JOY

TO every wife this extremely interesting • story of fond hopes thrice shattered, anclending in joy and happiness, cannot fail to prove of the utmost ,interest. It is the story of Mrs. S. E. Sarson, of Great Dalby, near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. "It was in 1904," says Mrs. Sarson, "that. I first experienced the hope and joy that come to the expectant mother. Despite every care I took of myself, I could not I ward off the pain and distress that come to so many women at such times, and I suffered with severe hLadaches and back- aches, dizziness and fainting. These symptoms of kidney disorder were bad enough but more alarming were the signs of dropsy that appeared. I was badly swollen under eves and my hands swelled. The water round my heart however, alarmed me most, for it caused such a heavy throbb- ing and beating. The doctor's medicine seemed powerless. • " In December, 1904, my first baby was prematurely born, and it lived but two short weeks. In the following year I went through a similar distressing experience, the same signs of kidney disease and dropsy Showing themselves. In . December, 1905, my second baby was born, also pre- maturely; and it, too, lived only two weeks. •" Yet again I passed through a like ordeal, suffering in the same way, and receiving medical treatment as on the two previous occasions, until, in August, 1906,

SA.RAti E. SAk'SON

(From a Photo),

WHO

my third baby was born—dead. Thus in Three years we had lost three children. "We gave up all hope of ever rearing. children: but later on I read the case of Mrs. Lewis, 51, Grove-terrace, Penarth, Cardiff, whose experience had been so like mine that I determined, should it be my lot to go through another trial, I would use no other medicine than Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, which had saved Mrs. Lewis and her children.

"When I found I was again to become a mother I started taking Doan's Backache Kidney Pills regularly. They kept my' kidneys well and they kept me well all through ; and, on 16th June, 1907, my fourth baby was born—healthy, strong: and well. Not once during my las; experence did I have the least sign of backache, head- ache, or dizziness, and I never fainted at all. There was not the slightest sign of dropsy; I was perfectly well all through, and I know that my own good health and the life and health of my baby are due to Doan's Backache Kidney Pills alone, for I used no other medicine during the whole time—and required none.

"(Signed) S. E. SARSON."

D.Jan's Backache Kidney Pills are 2s. 9d. per box (6 boxes for 135. 9d.) Of all Chemists and Stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-Street, Oxford-street, London, W. (Use the full name—Doan's Backache Kidney Pills.)

.., ~. tire r, e 9: '.-•,..-.:-'-......'5---- i s 4 4 ,-\,, '''•,/ °',,er 1/..'''' *M." \ 1,,01°..1 ' . //I • )1 , , 4, ' ~, -'77.1---"f..',./X76. • . ' 0 • 1:" ... y- ,-, 'I. • f'4.l}. •,' °. ~ ( etk'N... : 'I• • ...j /...7,,,08 11 ), % \ •10.- ill 4. ' . ' AY v=s. - (1 %.N' V...:-/''7 •-i. ;;/' -:.-;—e-sIA ,',, ‘_lk,isAsi i • 1 :f.1., 4‘,1 4 .r ./ 1,11 (/ i iisif, ..';‘, :•z4.1 . f -A f--,-:„..-7.-- '':- \I "---Vi ‘.161 e1..1 I ..--fi Lo, . ~. ' '• ..•,—....,!.../ ,(l, 413,41 A i. , _ .... 1,1, , .c.-- 1 -__•/, .., .1., Mrs,

===== 0002601_19080111_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THREE

YEAFIS LOST THREE CHILDREN

OWING TO DROPSY

BUT THE LIFE

OF THE FOURTH

WAS

SAVED BY

===== 0002601_19080111_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE. Pit"(YrION OP STATIONMASTER.—Mr. Roberts the station THE S ..._ _........ ' received roaster of Padgate (Cheshire Lines) has Ch.,__o_ Promotion, having been appointed to take A meeting of the Warrington Bpard of Guardians we"' ......-7'ge f St. James-street Station, Liverpool. Much held at the Vilorkhonse on Wednesday, under the presi ra...igirivet at his departure is being expressed by the Padgrite decoy of Mr. W. Houghton. There were also present : being aYfPassengers. Mr. Roberta is a great favourite Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Rev. T contioe, a very genial disposition end most obliging. The R. Matthews, Rev. M. Ryan Dr. Patterson, Dr. Murray' 4 ' °rS hy the line bQtween Padgate and Warrington Messrs. G. Mather, A. J. 'Jolley, A. Brooks, J. Evans, and he especially will miss him, as he was a most able raconteur W. Gill, W. Furness, W. C. Brooks, R. Forshaw, .7. ~ d often beguiled away the time pleasantly when Backhouse R. Bolton, E. L. Bent, T. Ritchie, M. W. theyswt ere waiting for a train try relating some excel- Seton, V. 'Stauier, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery lent ories,which were generally of a humorous nature. (roaster), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgete .. ~ „ AN CHURCH.—At this c,hurch on Sunday WE,T 11" Ward , brass memorial tablet to the late Mr. Henry .' arternoon a b Cottage Homes.) hr. Lowry (Local Government Board Inspector) was also present. ." d was unveiled in the presence of the Sunday school ; The CHAIRMAN opened the meeting by cordially Scholars and teachers and members of the congregation. Ald ; wishing the Local Government Board Inspector, he ~ Alderman Bennett presided, and Mr. F. Wright, super. I members and otllcials of the Board a happy New Year. • linn_tendent of the Sunday school, performed the unveil- 1 AN INMATE'S CREED. ;6 ceremony,it tribute to In their remarks each paid a high ; The CLERK said he bad had correspondence W,h the for the the devotion to the church and the great love i Local Government Board on the subject of the change children which Mr. Ward always evinced during of creed of an inmate named Joseph Tomkins. As Irs""tirne• The Rev. William Mellor reed a letter TOmkins died before the Board come to any conclusion o theril; ITn s. Ward thanking the chairman and others for ftlnembrance of her late hnshand. Mr. .... Willie Id ' he wrote and informed them of the fact. The INSPECTOR: The Local Goverurneut Board had of the chu ra Bennett formally accepted the tablet on behalf only 2-1 hours to consider it. of _ chaste rch trustees. The memorial, which is of brass THE DOCTOR'S RESIGNATION. rteavotleoeving ruemorY ~ ..."'n design, bears the following inscription : The CLERK read a letter from the Local Government of Henry Ward, a good man, a Board acknowledging the resignation of Dr. Flitor,ift in eon 1 leader, • and for 25 years school superintenden as from the 81st Dec. and requesting that particulars of IR_ . nection with thichurch. Taken t his the new appointment should he communicated to them 9 o s rest ele4rrnacho2_ootb, 1907,aged 65 years. The righteous live fo MR. WILLIAM OWEN. tablet r • Their reward alto is with the Lord. Thisr I The CLERIC informed the Board that Mr. William raernrs placed here by the scholars, teschers, and Owen bad separated himself from the firm of Messrs. bewas congregation." CHRtsTeef the Owen and Son, and Mr. Seger Owen and another son IThrtY took'IITIRCH SUNDAY SCHOOL.—The annnal tea would now jointly carry on the concern. Mr. Owen was Served, aPinne on Friday evening. At 4 p.m. tea n desired to express his thanks to the Board for having neve o,niockfter which games were indulged in until been allowed to give them professional help for so programme , when the concert began. An excellent !natty years. was sub • regular atten,4anne submitted. The prizes gained for . TENDERS ACCEPTED. were then distributed by Mrs. 1 The minutes of the Rouse Committee included the Pollock-Hill Mrs. , after which. the Vicar warmly thanked the Misses R. and L. US acceptance of tenders or Messrs. Hill to supply 12 tucklev, Hurter,D. London and Heath for rtwrlght, plait,' water heds and 12 water pillows at 4s. Gd. per pound Children teaching the! ,savin who took part in the concert. Each child on weight ; and of Longford Wire Comp iny to supply 20 , £1 Os. 6,1. each.—Mr. NV. C. Brooks and the cake,l g.w!la Procented with ,an beds at orange and a piece of Master were authorized to inspect, and, if satisfied, to dance ' Ohl owed .0 owed. for the elder scholars aud their friends I purchase an offer of GO tons of flrewood. The Minutes sy,•re npnrrwed.

AN INVALUABLE HOME REMEDY.

For the safe and reliable home treatment of coughs Ads, bronchitis, sore throat, asthma, iftid other throat and lest troubles, Peps are unrivalled. You breathe the latile Peps medicine straight into the lungs as these idy tablets dissolve on the tongue, a fact which marks te unique difference between Peps and all old-style Dmach medicines for lung troubles. Another striking feature of Peps is their absolute freedom from opium, chloral, or any of the drowsy drugs which so frequently form the basis of mixtures and lozenges used for throat and chest complaints. Mrs. Bonney, of 12, Norris Street, Preston, writes : " My husband suffered ft om a very bad bronchial cough, and I myself was troubled with relaxed throat for several . kinds of medicines, but nothing gave me any relief until we ..'eps, which completely cured us both. My 'daughter's baby had bronchitis when cuttting teeth, so I used to break a Pep in four and give it to her, and she was soon cured of the bronchitis. In fact, Peps have done the whole family good, and I shall recommend them to everybody."

hani

F Cu.

Send this Pon, with ld. stamp for re- turn postage to Elul, Leeds, P 906, Carlton for a free sample Packet,

Invaluable for coughs, colds, and bronchitis. Of all chemists, at l[li and 29. The name Peps on the box and on, every tablet guaran- tees the genuine article.

Warrington nr.arniaer,lalLll

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

Lectures at the Parr Hall.

The Warrington Co-operative Society has been making rapid strides of late in the direction of provid- ing wholesome recreation for its members and so highly have these efforts been appreciated that on Saturday the Committee felt justified in making a new departure and engaging the Parr Hall for entertainments for both the children and the adults. In the afternoon a large gathering of children assembled for a cinematograph show which gave them great delight. The princip:ll series of views depicted the world's greatest slate quarries at Port Dinorwic, and there was also a host of humorous pictures which proved particularly accept- able. Mr. Toni Franks, of St. Helens, added to the afternoon's enjoyment with several ventriloquial sketches which created great merriment. In the evening there was an attrnction for the mlnits in the shape of an illustratel lecture entitled" fhrongh Sweden to Lapland, 1907," by Mr. H. Hibbert, F.R.G.S. Considering the very nominal charges for admission and the excellence of the lecture, one might well have expected a larger audience but, as it was, the attendande was encouraging. Mr. NATHAN COOK presided and in introducing the lecturer said that during the last three or four months the Co-operative movement had still further developed in Warrington. They had started supplying coal and they hoped to he able to supply their members with the best house coal they could possibly get. If they undertook anything they .could keep at it. They were not afraid of being bankrupt. (Laughter.) They bad no bankrupt stock, hut it was all of the hest quality and they could rely on it. They had opened a new boot stores in Warrington and he hoped the members would welcome it RS they could supply hoots from any maker the purchaser desired. They would do their best to please everybody in every direction. (Applause.) Mr. HtneEnT said he was not altogether pleased with the attendance. The night before he was at Bolton and one of the biggest halls in the neighbonrhood was packed with an audience of over 5,000, • The lecturer took the audience in imagination to Gothenburg and showed the view of a station which he said was under the control of the State. It would he a great blessing 'to England if our railways were under the State. ! Nothing brought that to his mind more i clearly than the proposed great strike of few weeks ego when he read a statement made by Mr. I Bell. M.P.. to the effect thas 50,000 railway men were working for less than a sovereign a week, and yet had wives and families to maintain. Tn Sweden 75 per cent, of the railways belonged to the State, nrui third. I class passengers received as much attention as the first- class passengers, but that was not the case in England. I A view of the opera hootre at Stockholm was thrown on the screen, and Mr. Flibbert expressed the opinion that if they wished the stage to he ours it must he pet, under the care of the municipnlity or the State. (Applause.) Commenting on the unemployed question. Mr. Hibbert said that if two situations could be found for each person In Warrington, they would still have some people out of work. There were many people who I were unemployable. He contended that our telephonic I system was too dear. The average cost in I England was ten gnineas ; in Sweden where the system was under tho control of the State, it was two guineas. It would never be cheaper until the vested interest. was I removed from the Home of Commons. (Applause.) I A view of the Town Hall of Stockholm was shown and the lecturer pointed out that when they bad any open spaces in Sweden they made them look beautiful, and did not stick big boards all the way round them. (Applause.) The lecture was highly interesting throughout and was beautifully illustrated, some of the most interesting views showing sports in progress. A solo wa: rendered very tastefully by Mr.P. Willett

~o.o4:vttr;,,- , ,mv,pt.. '`i, ',,,, ~ ;,..;Li, I:7ltif'•f'-.'.. A:Al`, , ',,i I.l'. .. '''''''' '- ,'• ,' il'''''', 4 4.'..* ....,.,.e FIP .." ,Af.--,\A'.4",....., -", ..,ii ~,,. •1 •q. ~,i,r,',„.„,„,461,,2e,,,, . •). r.. ~1--,2r.... k t:',,',.....';':,,,,ii. ii'lkt.l&tizi..o, ;0;,,,y4iV,...?'• -7?•'!:•.',- ~-. , ~. "far; 4,-- 'rt.'.,;:', '„- ~, ::',7„,, ~ ,v ... ,- ;' ::::,, •,,.:..; ~..::i.,,,, : '.. ' 1 - ;t:e4,,z;k5109!.,'.,';.• ay..- -4,,,,,,;,. "•‘.?. "..-q;',,*,,, 'P' *:,%Ae,', ''' .' . .:,7%, '2',.5';',i,,t.,;,. ',-, • . ' , --"4,' ' ' T..i ) ''' , , ~ ' ~%,•44.,'—' I •il ' 41,17,kt.- .., ' u#44.". • % i, ' r ~. ,\.l ""q'.....'''.: ' .a. ,v. 11l -1,, ',; ', ~. . • .A • . 4'. i.. r. . • • ? . ~. ~,, , , ~ ~“ , . ~ • :: 41,1.,. ', . 114. . • ,-.4 ....,,,,, ..„3. . ...,,....,,, .... -A,. 4., ". I•Wht.. 4.?, 4:, :.: •,; 1-- " . -....rt =;. ,-. 4..,. ~ ~. ~,• . , . , . f',", t'ir''''''''..C'.34 ‘,11."..1 4c i? ri,,,,,,, ,4T, A,,,,L.,,,,,,,,,„ .-. T. ~,. , ~.;.-:,...... •' , --,, ,:, ~ 5t,,,,:: ',4 :, t -t. - '.... t, • 8 1.;.--;'.0;4.-)'''',:!N . -4.tkerofir,4',;;), o.,j'''--------- ~ •,..:.:,,,•1,,,4,,,,, ~.,..:_ : .•;i:,.1114,t0 • 0 : • ...„...;-::;iii...im.4. '‘*,-':--i;'-,•.,...,11,:•::i!1T:.:iit1it,....4i.. -. =,--,,,.;:.,;• ' ~.1,-.,.:HiE--„,......, * .'"•',/..14W7:5'7;4' A ' •Siiiiiiii.:l:iE,o-' _ " ...,_.O ii,11,:.1...._....-.. ' ,'",,. ...;A: . ‘;x '''`' '4'''' " '• ' .g'.,•,°-')tC*;. ‘,,,,\ \iT : V•;.\-' . . Years. We tried all ' began using Pr

'BEE. • con-

•.• , • _ _

===== 0002601_19080111_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Shorthand Writers' Association.

The second half of this Association's programme for the session which ends at the beginning of April, was entered into on Wednesday evening. when Mr. H. H. E. Hewitt, the Secretary of the St. Helens S.W.A., gave a demonstration on the " Tonch Systetn of Tyne writing," at the Wrinmarleigh Cafe, before a fairly large auditory.— Mr. Hewitt explained that this method of operating the typewriter was called the "touch system," because in writing with the machine one relies for the mechanical portion nr the work on the sense of touch—using each finger for certain keys in the manipulation. The way the system may he learned WAS lucidly exnlainokl. and also described on the blackboard, b " emin eon " machine afterwards being skflfully operated to show the advmtages of the system. Several of the mernl.4rs took part in the .übsequent (Emission on the lecture, to which Mr. Hewitt replied ; a hearty vote of thanks to him terminating a very ir.struction meeting.—Next week, Mr. G. J. Brown, F.1.P.5., the President of the Association, will give a lecture on" Shorthand as a hobby—and otherwise," when a good gathering of members and others interested is anticipoted.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SUFFERED 40 YEARS

from sto.^nach and back pains. Now quite cured by DR CASSELL'S TABLE rs.

Mr. Jas. Baird, of 07, Manghan Street, Benwell, Newcastle-on-Tyne, says ;—" For over forty years I suffered a martyrdom from indigestion. After taking any food, I used to swell dreadfully, and had a terrible pain in my stomach which went right through to my back. I could scarcely get my breath at times, and could hardly hold my head up. I got as weak as anything what with the pain I suffered, and the various ineffective medicines I tried, and it cost me .£5 in three months for doctors and medicines, and I wts under a well-known professor, but all to no good. One day, however, I resolved to try Dr. Cassell's Tablets • did so, and fonnd relief after three doses, and now, whilst writing this, I never felt so well in all my life." Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be got at any chemists for 10?-2d., and are a perfect remedy for nerve, stomach, and kidney troubles.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL COAL. COUNCILLOICSTO—TT'S BOLD PROPOSITION. Council Rejects it.

The most important subject under discussion at the meeting of the Warrington Town Connell on 'Tuesday evening was that of a proposed municipal coal supply. Councillor Stott introduced the onestion in the-follow- ing motion :—" in the opinion of this Couneil it would be in the interests of the community for the Municipal Corporations to he granted powers to undertake the supply of coal to the inhabitants of the various boroughs and in order to further this nhiPet the Town Clerk 1-ne hereby instructed to circularize each town and city coilncil in Great Britain, asking them to pass a similar resolution, and to forward a cony of the same to the Association of Municipal Corporations,with a request that the association shall urge the Govern- ment to pass legislation giving powers to Municipal Corporations to undertake the sale of coal, and the purchase of coal mines." In the course of an interesting speech, Councillor STOTT said be trusted the Council would consider this question without prejudice, and forget. if they could, for the moment that it was Councillor Stott, the Socialist, who was submitting the motion, and discuss it from a business point of view, and from the stand- point of public interest. Those who had taken a keen interest in municipal work would have noticed the success of what were usually called municipal trading undertakings. Almost every person they met would agree with the municipality owning the gas and water supplies, now that they bad proved so very successfol, but many of them were inclined to disagree when they wanted to extend that principle to other commodities. If it was right for the Corporation to purchase thou- sands of tons of coal per year and sell it to the people in the form of gas, why should they not buy thonsands of tons more and sell it to the citizens as fuel? He was

CONVINCED THAT IT WOULD YE SUCCESSFUL, and would result in a great saving, not only to the idomestic consumer, but also to the manufacturers. Let him give them an instance. One of the committees of that Corporation had, within the last few weeks,accepted a tender for best house coal at 14s. per ton, and the contract was for a comparatively small supply. The domestic consumers were now paying 205. per ton. The only difference in the method of supply was that it MIS delivered to the Corporation by the ton, and to the householder by the hundredweight. If they added Is. per ton to the Corporation prices for plaoing the coal in cwt. bags, which he was informed was a fair price, they found that the domestic consumers were paying ss. per ton pore for coal than the Corporation. I What did that represent? They learnt from official reports that there were approximately 14,000 house- holders in Warrington. A fair average to take as the weekly consumption per householder would he 2cwt.l That meant that the domestic consumers in Warrington required each year about 73,000 tons of coal, for which they HAD TO PAY 218.250 MORE

than they would do if they could purchase at the same rate as one of their smallest coal consuming depart- ments. That was equal to a rate of Is. 7d. in the £ If they were to increase the rates Is. 7d. what would happen ? He was afraid some of them would net be able to meet their constituents at the next election. (Laughter.) It would also be to the interests of the manufacturers to he supplied through the municipality. The only argument he had hear(' advanced in favour of keeping the Corporation prices secret was because the local manufacturers had to pay more per ton for their coal than the Corporation paid, and the coal merchants did not wish the manufacturers to know the difference in the charges. If they were to purchase in very large quantities they could afford to pay for the services of a commercial chemist to test the quality of the coal. It was impossible under present cooditions for the domestic consumers to rely upon getting what they paid for. Better financial results even than those he had referred to could he obtained by municipalities owning their own mines. If it was not practical for one Corporation to

OWN COAL MINER, there was no reason why they could not co-operate with other boroughs. They were told a few months ago by Mr. Alderman Evans that the increased cost for the gas department over last year's prices was 2s. 6d. per ton. rt had been said that the high prices were caused by the high wages paid to the coal miners, who, they were told. were earning wages equal to a town clerk's salary. (Laughter.) They must not believe it. It wa, only a fairy tale. He was informed by one of the most respected miners' agents in the West Lancashire mining district that previous to the recent advance of 5 per cent, per ton, the average increase per ton to the actual miner during the twelve months prior to that date was approximately an average of 2.4 d. per ton for the district, and that the total wages cost to the mine owner did not average more than 4d. per ton. Where, then was the difference between the 4d. extra cost per ton and the 2s. Grl. increased charges going to ? Certainly not to the miner. He had information also from the West Riding of Yorkshire regarding extra wages cost. and the figures were also identical with those he had just given the Council. If they were compelled to go down into the coal mine and win the coal necessary for their own household requirements only for one year, he ventured to say they would never again complain that coal miners were too well paid. If any section of the industrial 'community deserved their sympathies it was the coal miner, for his work was both laborious and dangerous, and he had to labour under most depressing conditions. He could

W SPEAK PROM EXPERIESCP., For six years he was employed in the coal mine, and for three of those years water WAS continuously pouring into the workings. Very often they were drenched before they had been down the mine half an hour. He had to toil day after day with no more clothing on than a shirt and a pair of clogs. His father and two of his brothers at the present time worked in the coal mine. He could therefore speak with some knowledge of the life of the coal miner. It was a well-known fact that many of the coal mines at the present time were more profitable than gold mines. He remembered some years ago Sir James Joicey, who was a large coal owner, in a letter to the " Times " newspaper stating that

===== 0002601_19080111_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROFITS_ MADE DY ME COALOWNERS

increased from 6•1 millions in 1849 to4ol millions in 1900. The extra cost in 1900 over the previous year to the Glasgow Corporation was El 66,250,t0 the Manchester Gas Department nearly £lOO.OOO, and it was estimated that the extra cost to the citizens of Bradford in that year was not less than £375,000—a sum almost equal to the whole of the local revenue from the rates. It was quite safe to say that the citizens of Warrington were fleeced to a similar extent. The only way in which they could prevent a recurrence of tho%e con- dition was by the people owning and working the coal mines in their own interests. Was there a single mem- ber of that Council who was prepared to say that coal (which no man placed into the bowels of the earth) should be monopolized for the personal profit of a few individuals? In his opinion coal was, or ought to be, the people's heritage. Coming to the second part of his motion, it was no USA submitting a resolution asking that this Corporation should decide to undertake a municipal coal supply. They had no power to do that, except by promoting an Act, and getting it through Parliament, which would be very expen- sive. That fact would have helped to defeat his object. By adopting the resolution they were, in his opinion, taking the best course, and certainly Ithe least expensive. By the co-operation of other boroughs acting through the Association of Municipal Corporations, he was confident that legislation would be influenced. The continual

GROWTH OF MUNICIPAL EXPENDITURE made it imperative that they should seek new sources of revenues. What member of the Council would say that municipal enterprise had reached finality? He believed it had scarcely yet begun. The principle of "what the people socially need they should socially own " would continue to grow. It was because he had a profound belief in the justice and practicability of that principle that he submitted the resolution. They, RS a Council, by passing the resolution, had a chance of making history which they, end those who followed them, would have cause to be proud of. He, therefore, asked the Council to pass the resolution unanimously, so that their action might be as influential as it was possible for them to make it.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CAUSE OF HIGH PRICES.

Councillor HAWTHORN said be seconded the motion in order that the Council might have an opportunity of discussing and expressing an opinion upon the subject. The motion might be a little before its time but it was one which deserved serious consideration from any municipality which professed to look after the interests of the community. At the present moment the whole community was feeling the effect of the recently enhanced price of coal. Every department of the Corporation was paying more for its coal, and when their balance sheets came to be made out they would probably find that the increased coal bill had reduced the profits of industrial undertakings. The cause of the increased cost of coal was not far to seek. The remission of the duty on exported coal had given an impetus to the export trade, and coalowners were taking advaniage of the depleted state of the market to raise latices all round. They were endeavouring to repeat the achievement of a few years ago when they succeeded in greatly enriching them- selves at the expense of the whole community. Coal was such a daily necessity of life that the question arose whether such an important commodity should be THE SPORT OF A COMP tIitTIVELY FF:W. INDIVIDUALS for private gain. There was a simmering of discontent at the present price of coal during this severe winter, and consumers were looking round for methods of checkmating the action of the coalowners, before whom even wealthy Corporations like their own were power- less to prevent a manipulation of prices to the detri- ment of the ratepayers. Drastic remedies had been suggested, and the motion of Mr. Stott was one of them. That motion would have served a useful purpose if it pointed a warning to the members of the Coal- owners' Association that these repeated exactions from the public could not be continued with impunity. He was aware that some members of the Council would

have nothing to do with the motion because it bad the taint of Socialism, but in the words of a distinguished statesman, "We are all Socialists now,"—(bear, hear)—and he con- fessed the word had no terrors for him. Self- interest would, of course, weigh against the proposal. Personally, be did not think that the distributors of coal were getting much of the enhanced price. The bulk of it was going to the owners of mines and royalties. ' Many years would elapse ere Municipal Corporations would have their own coal supply, but that motion was a significant hint to the private owners of mines that the community had a remedy in its hands if prices were advanced beyond reasonable limits. In supporting a motion of that kind he believed the Town Council was only pointing the way towards a solution of a state of things which was being felt by every householder and manufacturer at the present time, and which might become more pressing in the near future.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
NO NEW PRINCIPLE.

Councillor BALL, in supporting the motion, said he was hoping the opponents of the proposal wonld state their objections. He thought that, in view of the severe weather, the Council had to admit that this WAS a burning question. (Laughter.) The resolution offered no new principle whatever. It was a suggested exten- sion of a principle they had already admitted in many departments of their municipal life ; and when they wished to extend the idea of municipal ownership, control and distribution to coal the step was a very small one. Coal itself was a natural gift placed in the earth by the beneficient hand of Providence and if its beneficence had been marred by the mining owner and the royalty owner it was no reason why they should not take steps to minimize to some extent a glaring injustice. By taking that step they would relieve the rates to a far greater extent than they did at present by the manufacture and sale of gas. If the Council did not pass the resolution now they would be lagging behind in a very important and I pressing reform which would sooner or later be I.ronght forward by some other Corporation in the interests of the general body of the people.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOULD INVOLVE MILLIONS."

The MAvott said the resolution was a most impor- tant one, and in his opinion it would involve the Council in an expenditure of millions of money. The Corporation could not even supply themselves that day from one or two coal pits for special purposes. There- fore if the resolution had to be carried out they would have to have different coal pits. Some gentlemen in Warrington started a coal pit at great cost and it had gone. The Whitecross Company had a pit to sapply themselves with coal, hut that had gene also. Other people had coal pits and could not make a profit. It was beyond the power of the Council to enter into the gigantic scheme proposed. Their own water works had not paid since they had them. (Cries of " Oh, oh.") Well, continued the Mayor, they were not miming a profit. The TOWN CLERK : We have made no loss. The MAYOR: Well, we have just cleared ourselves. NOT A DEBATING SOCIETY.

Alderman TINNION said that if that were a debating society instead of a Town Council the position the speakers had taken up would be an admirable one, but they had met that evening as business men to discuss business matters and not debating society pious opinions. Nor was the present the proper time to dis- cuss the question, especially as they had not had suffi- cient information to warrant them in passing the resolution of the kind proposed. But, apart from that, he objected to furthering particular views which would have such an extraordinary influence upon the future of Warrington in that particular way. Let them discuss something more concrete. He objected on principle to discussing mere principles when no good could be done by it. The case had been carefully and judicioasly laid before the Council, but it seemed to him that it had been brought forward in a purely academic sort of way. COUNCILLOR WILKINSON FAVOURS A MUNICIPAL COAL YARD.

Councillor WILKINSON said that when he first read the resolution he thonght the idea WWI that the Cor- poration might extend their fuel purchases and open a municipal coal yard to supply the inhabitants at a cheaper rate than they obtained it from private firms. He hid no objection to that, if they had the power. If, as a Corporation, they could buy large quantities of coal over and above what they required for their own manufactarine purposes, they would be able to sell coal to the inhabitants at a cheaper rate. They supplied them with coke now from the gas works. I: they had a municipal coal supply they would make a handsome profit which would go to the reduction of rates, and they would be able to supply the householder at cheaoe prices. Up to that point, he supported the resolution A PLEA. FOR THE COAL INTEREST.

Councilior ItoGERs asked, if they attempted to do what Councillor Wilkinson suggested, who was going to compensate the men who made their living out of the coal trade to-day--the coal dealers and hawkers ? Were they to he sent to the Workhouse ?

===== 0002601_19080111_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR WILSON "FAVOURABLY INCLINED."

Councillor WILSON said that when they considered that the Corporation were paying only 1-is, per ton for coal and the poor people were charged £l, it made them pause and think, especially at this time of the year, what was to become of the poor people ? It was a great consideration to have to pay 25 per cent, more by purchasing in small quantities. With regard to Councillor Rogers' remarks, the coal proprietors and dealers had made a fair pile out of the coal during the the last few years. (Laughter.) Consideration should be extended not to the men who had made vast fortunes and did very little with them but to the people who were toiling to make a living, There were hundreds of houses that night without fires. Ile was very favourably inclined to Councillor Stott's motion and if they could supply coal a 14s. per ton it would be better for the inhabitants of the town at large.\ _

===== 0002601_19080111_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
"WAIT FOR CHEAPER 4LLIERIES."

Councillor NMI) said he was very much in sympathy with Councillor Stott in his eeeire to provide the poor with cheaper coal, but he did not believe that if the Corporation undertook to supply coal to the community the Council would get the privileged prices they enjoyed to-day. If Councillor Stott set his heart upon any particular colliery which was a profitable concern, the price that would be asked would place it absolutely beyond i their reach. Before they could become purchasers they would have to find a seller, and that was not always an easy matter. If there was any argu- ment in fettour of Councillor Stott's resolution that the Council should at any time put itself in possession of a colliery, the present was not the time. It would be better to wait until the collieries were cheaper— (laughter)—and coal was at a lower price.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR STOTT'S REPLY.

I Ceeneill-c;r STOTT briefly replied, and, in answer to Alderman Tinnion. said be could not imagine a better way than the resolution for bringing the matter before the Council. It wonid be no use to ask the Council to undertake the municipal coal supply at once,hecause they had not power to do so. When would he the proper time to bring the matter forward ? Why was it not the proper time now? Alderman TINNION : I never said it was not the proper time. I said we were not here to discuss pious opinions, and that what was proposed was not the business way. COnneillor STOTT assured the Conncil that be sincerely believed in the resolution and had advocated these principles for the last ten years. He thought he had proved that the resolution would be beneficial. Some of the members seemed to think that if the resolution were carried the General Purposes Committee would immediately appoint a committee to consider the purchase of a coal mine—(laughter)—bnt nothing could be more absurd. He did not expect if the reso— lution was passed that even with the assistance of other Corporations the Association of Municipal Cor- porations would decide to petition Parliament upon the question at present, but it was time to make a com- mencement and in a few years public opinion would probably be sufficiently strong to influence Parliament to legislate on those lines. No Corporation would attempt to buy coal mines at the present high prices. He was more concerned about the difference of ss. per ton between the price naid by the Corporation and the price paid by domestic consumers. He thought that from £16,000 to £19,000 a year might be saved to the inhabitants and if that was not business hs did nut know what was. The voting resulted as follows : FOR THE MOTION. AGAINST. Councillor Stott Alderman Tinnion Wilkinson „ Burton Barton „ Forshaw Skelland Evans 9, Ball Councillor Evans Hawthorn-6 „ Sankey Nield „ Rogers Singleton

Roberts and the Mayor—fl The MAYOR declared the motion lost.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANOS & ORGANS

All the Best Makers.

PHONOGRAPHS, DISC MACHINES & RECORDS STOCETARING SALE THROUGHOUT JANUAR r GREAT REDUCTIONS.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 BERRY STREET, Top of Bold Street, LIVERPOOL.

WRITE PR CALL FOR. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE

===== 0002601_19080111_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN HELPLESS WITH ECZEMA

Suffered Untold Agony for Three Years—Had to be Washal, Dressed, and Fed Like a Baby Was In Doctor's Care and in Infirmary but Could Not Get Cured.

CUTICURA CURED HER IN THREE MONTHS

"I had eczema fer three years and I was under doctor's treatment tho whole of the time, also the Infirmary, and I could not get cured. It would get better for a day or two, but would break out again worse than ever. At times it V; 103 so bad I had to be washed and d-essecl and even fed like a baby. It was only my hands and arms that were affected, but I suffered untold agony, and I got so low I was afraid to be left alone, and I had quite despaired of getting better, but at last I tried Cuticura. I used three boxes of Cuticura Ointment, and three bottles of Cuticura Pills, and in a month I Was cured. That was twelve months ago, and I have seen no signs of it returning. I always keep a bottle of Cuticura Pills in the house. They do me more good than anything else, and I never use any other than Cuticura Soap. I think that no matter how bad any one was, if they gave the Cuticura Reme- dies a fair trial, they would cure them, for I was in an awful state. Mrs. Con- ley, 9, Gawen St., off Jock Lane, Hol- beck, Leeds, Jan. 23, 1906."

CUTICURA A BLESSING To Skin-Tortured Babies and Tired Mothers The suffering which Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment have alleviated among the young, and the comfort they have afforded worn-out and worried parents, have led to their adoption in countless homes as priceless remedies for birth humours, milk crust, scalled head, eczemas, rashes, and every form of itching,burning, scaly skin and scalp humours, of infancy and childhood. Guaranteed absolutely pure under United States Food and Drugs Act, and may be used from the hour of birth.

Complete External nod Internal Treatment tor Every Mumour of Infants. Children. and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin. Cull- Curs Ointment to Heal the Skin. and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throuchout the world. Depots: London. 27, Charterhous:: Sq.: Paris. 5. Rue de is l'alx: Australia. It. Towns & Co.. Sydney: Potter Druc 0.: Chem. Corp.. Sale Props. trerPost-free. Cuticura Book. en :Min

and 11

• OlibriUge9S LUNG TON IC, wORLD;'&.

FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. AST- FIMA, Rtc

SI

(DOD-KIDNEY: ) 1, PILLSO ,-- /c _ ...,4,, 111 N c4l.,_____ *A. ruDNET .: 010 'lrt"ilzumA -rii6" ic'.clr. PCHT. D iSCA titt,gri. \cti, -lAnEsTEs.olicmciuriur iiii THE slope Z 23,1325ti0r2f.°' Lompo ' LD 'EV ERY IVII P,121? at Is. Ifd.. 2s. firt.,48.6a.,

===== 0002601_19080111_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
pc SC*TT

Ei-ts to fl , *e. 11 lir', 772 L4I4

TESTED REMEDY safer than experiments. cannot afford to experi- vhen your

MACH or LIVER COW mnn aprnands r— and pr. .ample f from the first pill, and a fingi cure; what you get in Dr. SCOTT'S PILLS. and reliable in every case of gestion, Dino,— -5. Constipation.

A FIIEE el who write, .... stamp to cover postage no. trtAtaElarlelß. to w. v a 25R.

..e 0.0.10.,t • egiV vi" ma, _ou mem v., STOW is out of order; that you take t tt',. SCOTT' PILLS —; of millions. Relief from t' that is what Safe and Indt )12:SLIC3i. -don. Sold everywhere in boxes, a V). SAMPLE BOX w1:1 Ix. sent to rite, enelortng a penny ,ver no-. 'e (mention- .o.,

tested remeci: itit by the e 7

B 00n d odrl `145

===== 0002601_19080111_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
'-71k*--"**"

east

CURES when all other Remedies fail

-ctis;#l-

~,t_'

===== 0002601_19080111_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING APO SOON CURES

The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callcsities on the

oles of the Ne• If %mu suffer try a box, you will never regret ir,.

Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. 111. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

CLiaLKti'S Li CI PILLS are warranted to cure, In either sex. all acquired for constitutional dtsaharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the bark. ?Take from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boles 4s. lid. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors thronct • on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the masers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.- Advt. To MoTIU —Mn. Wisetow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fi`ty years by millions of mothers for their , children while teething, with perfeat success. It wid relieve I the poor sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to tsgte; and produoes natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button of all Chemists Is. ltd.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
4

bt amma Otrtes \ihottlo, fvoros, Eoariling 655 tab. E (gr OF WIHIIK-FIND SR WSPAPRIIS COMPRISRS D tihiSHY HYDRO, liLB OF MAN.—Meal winter .111311 WARRINGTON MID-CHRSHIRI4 _it residence; extensive ground., golf, billiards; brine and published every Saturday morning. The principal Other baths. Illustrated booklet on application. and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington Stockton I Heath, Prniceth, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, dm., being ne of the Largest and B,st Wee'tly Papers in Lance- hire and Cheshire. The district 03vered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract In South Lance - hire and Hid-Cheshire. 'pHs RUNCORN 11/CA.II'MR, published every Saturday 1- morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to

Advertisers.. rriEtß W(DNES EXAMINER published every Saturday 1- morning, Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a pl fly ar‘ a 4 3,-le Ain Witty. •THE BARLESTOW N ARO NEWTON taXAMINER, 1, published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown, Newton-le- Willows. Golborne, Haydoak, Lowton. c. The district thus morn • a i.ap >rt* ow., the Llncastpre coal - ds. Frers ST. HELENS EXAMINER, publisned every • Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, SIALOrI, P94Eady ar0•8. ote ---the centre ,of the Glaris. Chemissa and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAIDrADVKRT ISBN ENTS. P O'lEl TS WANTEC... HOU3E3 WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. 'lll 118E3 TO BRNOLD. ARTICLES :,OST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FnUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One • 'Three six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Si... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3s• 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10(1. ... 3s. Od. 6s. Cd. 36 Is. Od. 2e. 61. 4s. Od. 6s. Od. 45 ... Is. 3d. 3s. Id. 6., Cl. 7.. 64 ... Is. 6,1. Is. Rd, 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

gpartmentO, ITurntsbeb 300u5t5, sct

SOUTllPOHT.—Comfortable APARTMIINTS, public or Private good sea view; terms reasonable.—Mrs. FLETCHER, 1.0, Victoria et., Promentde.

Okiuratitin.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Bomtqtir Aorrbants:, etr.

WANTED Good GENEftaL.—ASIITON HOTEL, Aibton- ood,r-tvno.

WANTRD pond GeNBRAL, 1, ALBERT DRIVE, Orrell Park, Aintree, Liverpool.

MTANTED. gond 4101311A1, SICtiVANT.—APPIY, DEAN, Central Library. Lytham.

WANT K D SKRVANT WOMAN. —Apply Mr!. T. CetrNCE. Farmer, Mose-lane, tathnm.

\VANTED O at once good H .RAL 1114UVANT. —Apply Mrs. HALL, The Bank, Atherton.

-- WANTED good GRliimliAL 9BRVANT ; no wall 17. 25.00LicT eT , Leigh, Lane.

A 8 HOUSRKURPBB to one priest ; good reference. .t 1 Apply R., 47, Menzies it.. Dingle, Liverpool.

NITANTI6D GlitillOtAl, for kitchen, and to assist In the bar.—Apply ODDIELLOWA' All3lB, Barlestown•

WANTRD iromedlatelv OHNIMAL t4BILVANT.—AppIy Mrs. HYDF, !lank House, Mosslpy,ManchestPr.

lIIGH-CLASS County Servant hould regl9ter.—MlDAME GRIEGoRY'S AGINCY, 72, Buckingbain Gate, London.

ANTANTED Rood 1:1RIMIAL SICHVANT.--Arply to Mrs• HUMPIIWYS, Lyndhurst. Feeles, near Manchester.

ANTBD HOUSRMAID.WkIIiSS between 25 and 30; V V £lB ; references.— airs. TinusErt, 44, Manchester re., Mary.

WANTED, 01/11., 15 or 16. Gooi home, wages 3e. 61 Wigan dtetriet.—Apply J. PEERY, 52. WeetOw it., Bolton.

yTiicin, Yonng GIRL, about 15 years of age, to help wllh general housework.—Apply 221, BRUNSWICK ST.,

ANTBD young GISNXRAL ; capable, willing good wages ; state references, &c.—REYN/RD, 56, Scotland

rd., ?gel eot;.

ANThD, experienced GNNTifickL, at once ; three children; no waehing.--8, SnCDLAIID DRIVE, New Brighton

• good. honest. end trustWoethF ; VI no washing.—Mrs. Smarr, Packet House Hotel. Plarscoualo.

VrkiTHD GISNIKRAL,CapatiIe; no other servant kept; house small ; family three.—Letters only. MoottE. arsden it., Liverrool.

AN'll4l3 i.iISNIiaIAL. Nice homely place where other V maid iv kept; good v.ages.—lionraiTs, 130 County rd., Walton. Liverpool.

Nu ANTBD, COOK-A.kcitiff IL ; Weigoo £l9.—Write, V Btating are and references, to Mrs. I/x.1,1113EN, 151, Drake it., Ittochdale.

WANTED, GENERAL for January 24th. state age, experience. Give reference.—Mra. b.owrainurra, 3, Hazal co., Altrincnam.

VU ANTED, end of January, an experienced family I T BEEVA.I, ae Honeernaid.—Apply Mre. WoRTEIXOTox, Erournfleld, Alderley Edge.

WAN tHD, respectable Girl as GIINHHAL ; comfortable home ; reference.— TOWISEND, 13, Darlittgton terrace, Cheetham Hill, Manchester.

ADiTtSL) COOK-OHNEILI,L ; four tu tauitly, another maid kept. tiood wages.—Apply CAYAN. kireutwood, Penkett rd., Liseard, Cheshire.

ANTBD immediately good WON hitALS. also young IV Gals. Ciooo Wages. dup.aior phioes.—Mrs. DIRLeuS. 124, South rd., Waterloo. Liverpool.

WAl`41:1(1), brIbNISRAL ; wasti and do plain cooking ;two young children.— mate wages, WILKINSON. Oakwood, Nursery lane, Wilmslow, Ctieshire.

ABTED for Boarding debool, a strong respectable VV GIRL. about 18, as Under-Laundress ; gOO4 reference. —3l,lThos, Trinity Hail, So.,thport.

-- WMUDD 1:1BN8HAL ; steady ; able to plata cook and do rough work , references ; permanency.—Apply BEWESPEAHE HOTEL, Douglas, 1.0. M.

Nit/AIVI/sD zupettor lilsriNktisL, tor W ess Kirby ; Proles- taut ; wages ; small family ; Somf.rtable home.— Miss COLE, .5C9, zt‘nley-rd , Liverpool.

-NA/ANTlifle altrflitaL for Itest4urant, good home. good wayee, another kept. Good refernecee.-1188WoRT11 AND OWENS, Vn.toriA Rebtnurant, Stalymidge.

tu ASTUD, OhNISRAL, cook a little, for newly-malrled VV ountle, state wages and references.—Appty Mlss COCKER, Stanley House, ls.lgeley. Stockport.

WANTHD COOK-4/CNEHAL and Housemaid-Waitress early In February, for a family of three ; no children. Apply Mrs. WALK eat, 9, eturlington rd., Birlidale, Souttwort.

kioUki,sla./.1:-WAL kited:l, at once; exeri- TV ; good references indispensable ; rrotestaut ; state age and wage!.—MU. Fit saw, Westwood Lodge, Bale, Bowdon.

RQIJ littiD,An experienced PLAIN COOK; tor gentlemans family ; age 35 to 4t) ; kitchen-maid kept ; good refer- ences es.entinl.—Apply, with lull particulars, to ItsToNAGH, Colwyn Bay.

waNTH . experienced COOK-4k: :silstiALS ; eomfortable situation* waiting ; also young tierierals ; good 'references required.—Mila LEIGH, delect itegittry, Heaton Mersey, Stockport.

Vif ANTiID DIAN fur Cucumber and 'lomat° growing must be quick at dressing Cucumbers. btate experience. Wage and dge by letter to—KlPeax, I.lreendale Nurseries, Lengton, near Preston. experienced, references

WANTED. a UNNSEFLAL SEILVANT, experienced, clean, strong, and smart, No washing. Two good references essential. For particulars, apply Mn. WALLWoftY, 6, Belbeck it., Elton, Bury.

MRS. PRHSTON, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, CHARLES ST., Blacapool. The oldest established In Blaakpoc:. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wage.; enclose stamp. Telephone 06;57.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Zo be cet.

rIst4KETI3.—CUT rAci us. 25. 84. and 2a. 64. per week. MILL STI. BET, OFFICES,ground fl )or. Also upper rooms. 53 and 55. WA.ti LANE. good laouses, with four bedrooms, reduced rent, 65. 6d. per week clear. 36, URNISHAL STABIIT. rent 4s. 3d. 50, CHORLEY STRB&T, rent 45. fid. Appiy ROBZRT Lowe, Estate Agent. No. I 13 sak-ctreet War angton. Telephone--tic 56.

9.0 LHT 17, FOLLY LANEL—dppty WooDs & SON Solloitors, Horsemarket titreet, Warrington. .

SHOPS (lock-Up) to let, 10s. weekly; rate', free ; leading street.—KoaDzs I:MOTHERS, Eislisbury.

IVO LIIT.—Two good HOUSICS, Hllearners rl.,snd Stafford 1 Villas, £22 103. and £2l.—Apply, 106. WILDER9P )01. RD T°

LHT —Good House, Derby it. ; rent 4e. 63.—Apply Wool)* &zioN:So‘irtitorA Horeemnrket st., Warringtol.

OFFICH TO LHT.—Cemtral pisition. Victoria Chambers, Heath it., Crewe.—Apply G. Innis, 200, MaLket st.. Crewe.

SOUTH vORT —TO LET, Large Two storey Warehouse and Stable; Laundry or Storage.—Apply lonn, 283, Lord at., Southport.

HORTON't, ORIGINAL DZNEDICT PILLS F9R FEMALES. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions ; also cure Anaemia, and Cause no injury ; GO the married or single are Invaluable. By poet, uneer cover, for Is. lid. or Is. 9i , from D. D. HOB lON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lylng•in Hospital,. Dept. 55 Aston road, North. Birmingham. sold over 40 years,SUPPLIBD DIRECT ONLY. SELDOM EVER FAIL. All Ladies should send for a fee sample of Improved Sanitary Towel, and InterestinS booklet post free,

TELEPHONE 355 Y. JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

MALVIOIN.— ORCHARD LODGE, AND WEiT MEAD bCHOOL FOrt GlRLS.—eselag the hills, complete education at moderate fees.--Prlncipal, Mrs GARNER

IFII.II-IFIPLD COLLI4S, BISPHAM.— Boarding School 1 for Girls. Facing sea ; bracing air. Thorough educa- tion. Physical Training. Incl..isive terms. Patnclpals, the Misses IRELAND.

50orsts, Bogs, Elbe *tank &t.

ART MARE, BOX CART, ond GEARS for Sale. or exchmige for good Lurry. or Furniture Van.-629, ECCLES NEw Kn., Weaste. Mananeater.

Siltgitultural Vroburt, VlantO, Su

teIiGLISH APPLES, Wyken Pippin. splendid dessert, 12.1 14Th 25., 221 b 31. 6d. packsge free, cash —UoLnirio, 199 High rd.; Kilburn.

Manta.

CIINDBRS MAY BB HAD at the " EXAMINER " OFBICE, Bewsey at., Warrington, 3d. per load given.

BOTThk WANTHD. —Spot caeIi.—KXPOBT TRIDING (Jo- -13, Canal rd., Kingeland rd., London.

BOOK SALlShMAN.—Reliable experienced representative wanted to Introduce new work.—MANAGEB, Hapert Ctiambero, Bristol.

NOUCH 10 CONTRACTORS AND CARTNRS.—GOOD CINDRUS may be had at the " RIAMINisa" OFFICE. 3d. per load given.

TidAMSMAN.—WANTED. a good TPII/111MIRD. Good JL ploughman. Good wages given.—Apply, F. Lagoa. Merton, Knutsford.

ytAT ANTBD, bTBADY MAN. as leameman or datal work man.—Apply J. T. DiCalshos, Balcony Farm, Uptaolland, Wigan.

AN121113 old bead work of kimall beads) bracelets,purses, V bags, itc. iiood prices given for good wora.--)1. JoHNEIToNE. Burrswood. Groomsbridge.

DAINTrots, etwartatcJ, &c., seeking work in Canada 1.. or Africa write, enelonag stamp for reply, Box 3 , "Gayfields," 41, Oxford it., Blanchester.

MONEY easily earned. Agents wanted. Rev and A2Ci- dent Insurance, covering all Cycle accidents. Liberal terms.—V. BULLOCK, 23, 3t. James it., Derby.

WAriThD BUYING AGtiNT9, new invention. Water- woofs any garment, liberal terms, good living made, shops speolality.—J. FISHER & Co., 19, York Place, Leeds.

NVAN I.BD, situation as HAISDHN ail, Head or Single handed, 12 years last Bit. ; stroogly recommended. JAMES Wfurria, 3, hpring-place, Grey Horse, Knotty Ash.

3 PIANOS ON NALE RETURNED PROEL HIRE. PIA.NO, beautiful Rose wood Case, by Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by tilltOiA and Hilton. PlaNO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. I.IANt), beseolciful Walnut (lase, by William Hawes. INTENDIQG BUYERS SHOULD NOT HIBII THESE BAEGAURI. FULLY WARRANTRD NT BIILVII3 AND MAKERS. NOTE ADDEO/418 WADSWORTH'S. 59. WANK= 131.. WARRINGTON.

GOOD MANURB, 2e. bd. per ton on rails. —Apply J. FBENMAK, 356, Lees rd., Oldham.

LI6IEI-LICK LINRS, an v paper, 2,6 d. ; 5, Is. ; stamped envelope.—ScorT, 107. Tboruld rd., Ilfurd.

rpHes DIRECT from Importers, Is. 4d. upwards, sample 2 stamps.—Amomr, 10, Tudor et., London.

A STRACHAN Careen! ties, 54 long. Chenille teasels, BL- -1] LANGWORTHY, 18. Adelaide rd., London, N.W.

A STROLOGY.—Future events, 7d. Send birth date.— LX 12 Carter rd., New wortlev, Leeds.

ADIHa' COMBIOGS B9ught; uasn ptr returu.—.llAß. 1.1 DaPJT, 19, Cross st„ Hatton Gardens, London

BRAZILIAN MARS equ es Ual Havannas at lees ta.tlf () their prlee.—Parraa, elwelrhunt Hisea.

LLirdußicas How to win a big prize. Seni postcard.— Tont O'MALLEY. South Lambeth rd., Loudon.

A STONISHING oFFEII.-7n. tict fountain pone going for ix 2e. P.O. —ACME I•IrI.UES CO., 74, Fleat at., E.C.

A CHIISON'd POWDHR.—Send postcard or tree sample.—AcHatox & Co , 30, Snow Hill London.

I.4'32IGLIANT'S Pocket Tool dclaaorli, containing 18 different tookl 30.—8 G. 6. Co., 22, Beech Grove, Bradford.

HOW TO SOLVE LIMEHICKS, 3 etacupe.—Lnikawig 47, o:ifton Park Avenue, Haynes Park, London.

ViS printediTlN oCrAI Rwrlgt hu R yporKlNnamKeegwanodroa.ddraes

IMBRICK 6BMB winning huge priz-e, 6d. each ; 3, ls. ffs.aNKLAND, 69, James st., Bradford, Yorkshire.

9131PEWRITING.—Authors' MS. Sc., Is. 1,03 J, with copy _L Is. 2d.—NORTHERX 00., 73, Fox lace, Fairness Green.

T ADIESS' ItHAL SHEMANO Unexcelled quality. Ss. &I.—DANIEL 3mi:raja° ,Dunbar.

C VAY PRIZI MNDAL PIANOS. popular prices, LU cAtalogues free.—CBESSWELL, nigh at., Waudbworth

T IiGIIND " Picture Post Cards, 12 different Counties 1-4 poet free 6d.—klusvehns, Publisher. t.alisbury, Wilts.

WHIPCORD BEIIiWkINS to order, 10i. 61.; pattrus, measurement form free.—bavaGE, 119, tiouegall et., Belfast.

STAATLINit OFFISH. Gent's Keyless Watches. Warranted, 3s. 83. Post free.—DENisos, 40 Rico we at., Nottinaham.

ILYN:MI.O, before patentink, should consult KINGS PATENT AGENCY, 165, Queeu Victoria at., Londoa Advice tree.

COrS Famous Air-gun Pellets bold all champlondalps, first In 1502, foremost ever sinoe.-137A 017ILDFORD ST. Lorelle, Birmingtmtn.

tr WATT'd LISII3BICIS Competitors' Friend" contains common-sense, M. stampact addres3.-58. TORONTO TERRACE, Brighton.

RUBBBR STASIP3 and TYPE from ii., also In many novelties. Illustrated price list post free.—B. DURDLE, 106, Leghorn rd., Harleaden.

QTRANII.Nri and FROSTY WINDOWS can be prevented, t hopkeepess can save pounds, recipe inexpensive 6d. P.O. LING, 24, York Villas, drigtitoo,

NOTllNUitittri LA.CIi Ofnil:MINS, Cleaned. Dyed and Dressed, from 7d. pr pair; frilled curtains, 10d. per pair.—SwAlN. Island st., Nottingham.

SWAN-Bia IS Sell-Study of Frencb (2s. 6d. a month) Pronunciation. tub directions. First lesson free.— °MIME SECTARY, 1, Albein,rie st., London. W.

IYOLISTS, use the ' Lightning ' pump connections. No leaky or broken tubing. Perfect novelty; 6 stamps - NOVELTY DEPT., Cycle Works. Kintbury. Berke.

49. IU. TAILOR-MA.OB Skirts hi Black and Navy. 1 Latest Cut and good finish. Made to measure. —RIM 20 Rathbone Place, Oxford it., London, W.

ELII.CTRIO LIGHtr.-Is. 6d. Neat Pocket appiratus nickelled mounts, press button, brigit ligut, marvellou value.— HAKIM, Hytne rd., Willesden Junction, S.W.

VAZAA.B GOODS (Special) Id. and sp. Grettest variety LI and value in the trade.—SALMON &kts.TTEIEWMAN, Ltd., Plough Buildings, Gloucester it., Birmingham.

BUSiltitdd WIN use our overdue account reminders and ensure prompt settlements, saving TIII and MON ss. 1,000 aseorted.—d. T. kloaalsoit AND 7. Richmond rd„ Leytonstone.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
. . . .

•

• •:!, •.. . ' . . . .••••C•4

. ,

• c.” - - ' .:;7411t; 244;14 .04

===== 0002601_19080111_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• Ir 1,,

r-r, r

I

===== 0002601_19080111_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
4itsellantous, ng'alt, dr.

touses anti Zan on bale.

Poultry, Ogo, ett..

SIX Barred Plymouth Hook (=Kali hiLd for Sale,los.each. —J. BROWN, Woodlands, Hothersall, Longrldge, Preston.

I\TOTICH TO POULTRY-KlEMPtiNS.—Preab (daily) cut 11 green bone, Sibs. le. ; 12e. 6d. cwt.—l-lunar. 81, Grane rd., Hasllngden.

partntrbioe, Susintsoes.

PD G EMONS PURCHASIN HUSINEz3SES can be accommodated with Capital at MAURICE AND 09., 31, Cairo at.. Warrington.

fryou WANT TO 61iLL your Business ?—if so,oonsult Mr. 00WDELL, Business Agent, Legh et., Warrington,

VOUNDRY and lIII.,A.OKISItTFI'S SHOP In Premites and busineas to be Sold.—Apply to W. and J. VEYM BE, 200. Scotland rd., Liveroont.

inact)tittrg, ttc.

GRRENHOUSE BOILER. 18ft. 41n. Expansion Pipes, Cistern, Smoke Pipe ; 655. ; carriage paid.—D. HORROCRES. TideßleV.

The Examiner, Saturday, January 11, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
fgatrtmonn

JOHN WALKER, & CO. "EXAMINER" OFFICE, IiEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON. LARGE POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls. AT THE CHEAPEST RATES

- JOHN WALKER & CO.,

LISTAB. 1850.—Hulme's Best Female Pills ' are sold in L.l boxes, Is. It., 21. 91.; extra 4s. 6. Useful and Instructive booklet post free. —Huraties,Chemist,tiottingbara.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWBRY STREET, WARRINGTON WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET IN TUE TOWN AND DISTRICT. For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soirbes Meetings, Sales by Auction, &c., in one or more colours, on white or coloured paper,in the most striking - type, size 60" x 40" in one sheet, irADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed f*e•rn Nate or type. PROSPECTUSES et BALANCE SHEETS. PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE—A speciality CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES INVOICES,

TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, INVOICES RULED TPATOTERN. PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

When Mr. ASQUITH pro- OLD-AGE duces his Old-Age Pension PENSION scheme his most well' SCHEMES. prepared critic will probably

be Mr. GEORGE N. BARNES, who is Among those who have been suggested as successor of Mr. KIER-HARBIE in the leadership of the Independent Labour Party in the House of Commons. Mr. BARNES, who is the chief official of the strongest of our trade unions, has given much study to the question, and we venture to predict that whatevar Mr. Asouun's scheme may be he will not agree with it. A universal scheme, Mr. BARNES thinks, is the only one which would leave voluntary associations of wage-earners to pursue their bepeficent course undisturbed by Government interference. He is, that is to say, anxious in the first place lest the provident portion of the work of the trade unions should be impaired. Few members of the public are aware of the great extent to which the trade unions relieve the rates. Mr.BAnDrEs's own organization . the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, is at present supporting over 5,000 of its old members by means of pensions ranging from 7s. to 108. a week. The cost of doing this amounts to close on £120,926, most of which sum would have had to be found by the ratepayer if what the late Lord SALISBURY w•mid have called a "cruel organisa- tion " had not acted honestly and generously to its old members.

The arguments which Mr. BARNES may be expected to advance in the House of Commons when the CHA.NCELLon of the EXCHEQUER pro- duces his proposals may be safely anticipated, for a recent lecture of his on this subject has been rinted and circulated as a pamphlet. His con- tention is that schemes which involve discrimina- tion between those to whom pensions are given will work out to the benefit of the worthless, and not of the worthy ; that the contributory principle is inapplicable; and that pensions must be given as a civil right in order to be acceptable to the honest and sensitive poor. We believe we may assure Mr. BARNES that the coatributory prin- ciple, which is a feature of most Old-Age Pension systems, including that of Germany, will form no part of Mr. AsQUFTH'S plans. SI far, therefore, there can be no conflict. It is equally certain, however, that the CHANCELLER oF THE EXCHEQUER will find himself in no position to propose a universal scheme of Old-Age Pensions. Mr. BARNES himself admits that to pay ss. a-week to everybody who is seventy years of age would cost nearly £16,000,000 a-year, and that it would require £10,000,000 more to begin the pensions at sixty-five. Mr. Arson= is a man of much courage and daring; but he would turn pale, we imagine, if he had to look these figures in the face in con- nection with his next Budget. His ,proposals, it may be taken for granted, will be based on the sound principle that we must crawl before we run. Mr. BARNES, it is true, makes a large speculative reduction of the actual amount that would be needed to work a universal pension system. After certain deductions were made, the cost on a seventy years age basis would, he thinks, be between £7,000,000 and £8,000,000 and about £15,000,000 on a sixty-five years basis. And how are the deductions to be made? It is taken for granted that under a universal system large numbers of persons of good position would not claim their pensions, and that in this way a large amount of money would be saved to the State. This is no doubts perfectly safe assumption, but it is scarcely agreeable to find it reckoned upon as part of an Old-Age Pension scheme; for this, surely, would be charity—a scornful charity, indeed, but charity without doubt. We already pay, as Mr. BARNES points out, about £10,000,000 a year in pensions. We could never save this sum; but those amOrig whom it is divided would be excluded from the new pension system. Then there are the inmates of the work- houses and the pauper lunatic asylums. These would still further reduce the number of claimants; and still, as Mr. BARNES admits, it would take, rnakirg every possible or imaginary deduction,' £15,000,000 a year to provide a pension of ss. a week for all persons of sixty-five years of age or over. We may safely assume that Mr. Aswan; will try something more experimental.

Aldermanic changes are THE NEWEST taking place with unusual ALDERMAN. rapidity in the Warrington Town Council. A change in most things is usually considered beneficial and a re-shuffling of aldertnanic seats is a good thing every now and then. The only cause for regret is that lately death has been the prime mover in the 1 changes which have taken place. The position rendered vacant by the death of Alderman Fair- dough has been filled by the elevation of Coun- cillor Thomas Barton, whom we have much pleasure in congratulating on a unanimous vote. Alderman Burton has been a member of the

Council continuously since 1896 and daring that period ho has faithfully represented St. Austin's Ward, and served with conspicuous assiduity on six committees of one of wnich—the Health Committee —he is now deputy-chairman. Alderman Burton has always been one of the quiet members of the Council, but his sterling character for uprightness, and manufacturing experience, have always assured him a respectful I hearing whenever he has intervened in debate. It is rather curious that, notwithstanding the changes, the aldermanic bench is no younger in point of individual age. The latest additions, Aldermen Ellison and Burton are two of the most silvery-haired and venerable of the members of the Council. Fortunately, it is a pretty cnclusive theory that with age comes wisdom.

Owing to the appointment ST. AUSTIN'S WARD Of Alderman Berton there VACANCY, is, of course, a municipal vacancy in St. Austin's Ward. A candidate is already in the field in the person of Mr. John Maginn, who sat for St. John's Ward for the three years prior to 1906. Mr. j Maginn is standing as an independent candidate, and when last in the Council there was no doubt of his independence of spirit and action. He ' tackled what appeared to him to be public ' injustices with a truly Irish vigour and pugnacity, and his speeches were always enlivened with native wit. Tt, is understood that .he will be opposed by Mr. J. Broadhurst an officialn Conservative candidate. We hope Mr. Magin will be returned on the 20th by a good majority, for there is a place for him on the Warroagtou Town Council if only as an unflinching opponent of the brewing interest.

Councillor Stott frightened MUNICIPAL COAL. the Town Council on Toes-

day, when he proposed his resolution in favour of the principle of municipal Corporations undertaking the supply of coal. As a body, the Town Council is easily frightened, arid when the scare is on it does not stop to think. The Mayor was the first member to use the voice of fear, and his example was followed by several Councillors with sheep-like equanimity. Said his Worship, in tones of deep concern, "the resolution would involve the Council in an expenditure of millions of money." Could any- thing be more absurd or indicative of thoughtless judgment ? All that the motion could commit the Council to was an expression of opinion, and the forwarding of a resolution to the Association of Municipal Corporations. Councillor Stott purposely couched his proposal in moder- ate terms, being fully aware that its Socialistic character would arouse prejudices which are perfectly impervious to logic, and he made out a very good case for the ultimate municipalisation of the coal supply. It is unfortunate for the town that so many Councillors cannot see any further than their noses. They jumped to the conclusion that if the resolution were carried the Corporation would have to forthwith go into a very dear and deadly hostile market, purchase a coal-mine or two sind commence at once retailing coal to the community. Even the Socialists who do some- times ride row2hshod over obstacles, would not be guilty ot formulating such a fatuous proposal. The arguments of the Mayor and Councillor Nield simply begged the question and reflected very unfavourably on their capacity as administrators of a municipality. Alderman Tinnion's lofty view that they were there " to discuss business matters and not pious opiniops" was also lacking in wisdom. Altogether, the Town Council was seen, in a very poor light, as it usually is when there ia some question on the minutes necessitating a wide outlook. . _

We --egret that the resolution was not carried, land we regret even more that it was not discussed on its merits. Messrs. Stott, Hawthorn and Ball—who all belong to the advanced school of thought—spoke with logical force and directness in favour of the municipalisation of the coal-supply as a vital reform at which the Council should aim. They did not ask that the principle of" what the people socially need they should socially own" might be confirmed. The time is not ripe for such a proposal, but they are quite within their rights and reason in suggesting that the Corporation which has municipalised the supply of gas, water, coke and elec- tricity might approve of the first steps for adding coal to the list. Not oven the most conservative of Councillors can contend that the coal-supply to the ordinary consumer is on a fair basis, or that its municipalisation does not offer a prospect of cheaper coal—a boon almost as great as cheap food. If the supply of bread was in the hands of capitalists to the sarne extent, if prices were manipulated for selfish ends and over-weighted with royalties as coal-prices are, there would soon be such an outcry that the Corporations would be compelled to act at once in defence of the corn • rnunity. As representatives of the people why should they be content to sit supinely while the coal-owners squeeze the public? As a big and valued customer the Corporation can buy the best coal at 14s. per ton, while the poor private consumer has to pay 205., and has no safeguard that he is even getting what he has. paid for. If the municipalities tackled the question there is no doubt that they could mine and supply coal profit- ably at a far less figure. But they would have to act in concert in order to fight successfully the huge vested interests which batten on th 3 coal trade, and the first step—which will have to be taken sooner or later—will need to be on the lines suggested by Councillor Stott. Warrington might have had the honour of leading the way to a great social reform, and of helping to make history, but apparently the Council prefers to wait for others to move and to then trot along humbly in the rear.

All who desire the uplifting THE AI,ITIT of the masses will cordially- SonooL. wish success to the War- rington Adult School which has just been started under encouraging auspices. In , other parts of the kingdom these institutions have obtained a strong hold and are doing a great work in helping people to make the best use of their lives. As the , enterprise is new to this district, it may be well to explain that an adult school is a society of men or women (over seventeen or eighteen years of age) formed for the purpose of mutual helpfulness. The basis of an adult school is the practical teaching of Jesus Christ. It does not concern itself with the spread- ing of special theoriss, but aims at helping the members in their actual lives. The free, but reverent and practical, study of the Bible con- ducted in common, with full opportunity for dis- cussion, is deemed the centre oh the school work. Associated with each School will be found some or all of the following :—Library, Savings Bank, Night School, Lectures and S icial Evenings, Technical Classes, Club Rooms, Sick Benefit, Card, Book, and Athletic Clubs, etc. Each school is governed as much as possible by the members themselves. The only qualification for membership is a wish to join the School. The members of a School may belong to any denomintttion or to none. The Warrington school has already attracted an energetic band of workers and all who feel anxious to assist in the movement will be cordially welcomed at the British Workmen's Coffee House, Horseniarket-street, at 8.45 any Sunday morning. The school closes sufficiently early to enable its members to attend morning service at a place of worship if they so desire.

ABsocia

Only last week we had Ouu ARMY occasion to comment upon VETERANS. the thoughtlessness and ingratitude of a nation which allows its old soldiers to spend the close of their days in poverty and destitution. The I thought was suggested by the presence at the Old Folk's Treat of a contingent of army veterans, several of whom had come from the Workhouse, which is now their only home. The Mayor rightly emphasised. the need for making some adequate Provision for the men who served their country with the colours, and Commended the efforts which have been supported locally to attain that end. We are pleased to see that a national move- ment is now on foot, and thanks are due to Lord Roberts for taking the lead in the matter and issuing a powerful appeal to the public. He points out that strong feeling has been aroused in many quarters that it is in every way discreditable to our country

that the present state of things should be possible, and it is most desirable that an effort should be made without delay to remedy it. Toe movement has the entire approval of his MF.jesty the King, who has graciously consented to become the patron of The Veterans' Relief Fund," and to open the list of subscribers with the donation of 1,000 guineas. It is proposed to collect a sufficiently large sum to ensure every Crimean or Indian Mutiny veteran beiog released from the workhouse and then to make him such a weekly allowance as ! will enable the old sailor or soldier to spent his remaining d tys in modorate comfort and respoot- ability,lor ensure solue amelioration of his circum stances if from age or infir:nity he is obliged to remain in the worknoirie infirmary. Contributions may be sent either to the hon. secretary and treasurer, Colonel [furlock Pritchard, C. 5.1., Eaglesdeld, Camberley, Surrey; or to Lord Roberts at Engletnere, Ascot.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
fßebtral

DIG-FM—Send Is. for .nv Indian Vila Itemedy.--iTRA.NGE 31 WED& GROVE, Ardwlck. Manohoster.

RH EMI AT ISM, Oared or money refunded. Send 23. 6d. for bottle —al aLviicax, Dallin rd., Bexley 14.ath.

lOHNS 0011PLICY.ILY °URI& 0, —Simple remedy. Send 15.—`HANDY REMZE7 Co.,' 13 Frankfort at., Plymouth.

Lk°' 0 w NB. The great remedy for the weak and ailing. Is. 6d. per bottle post free from makers. —ACTOWINE CO.. I%lOmA. Bath

QKENEI MACDONALD Halt. Producer, Herb core, never AY fails however bald, pots 2s. 9d. poet —MAcnotsALD'e, Back et., Newton', Keith, N.B.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

" What is an epistle ? " was the question recently put at an adult school, and the reply came promptly The wife of an apostle." _ _

There was once a playwright who sat in the front row at the first night of a new piece of his own. The piece failed. It failed dreadfully. As the playwright sat, pale and sad, amid the hisses, a woman behind him leaned forward and said : " Excuse me, sir • but, knowing you to be the author of this play, I took the liberty, at the beginning of the performance, of snipping off a lock of your hair. Allow me now to return it you." . . * . .

A clergyman in the itanclTester diocese, writing to another clergyman the other day, addressed his letter to " The Rev. B. A. --," and began, " Dear --, Forgive me for putting your degree where your initials should be, but I have forgotten your initials." In reply he received a letter addressed to " The Rev. --, MC.," which began," Dear, --, Forgive me for putting your initials where your degree should be. I have forgotten your degree." The writer of the first letter has no degree. * I A " Deceased Wife's sister Dance" was given at ' Manchester on Wednesday night, at the Corn Exchange. It appears that on the death of her sister, a lady went to keep house for the widower, and a mutual attachment springing up between them, the husband married her, vowing that if ever the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill became law he would celebrate the occasion. He never lived to see that event, and now his widow has realised his desires. *

With characteristic thoughtfulness, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., wrote to the Secretary of the War- rington Junior Liberal Association (Mr. H. W. Gueat) on the eve of the New Year, wishing them the cordial greetings of the season. In the course of his letter Mr. Crostield said :—" I hope it will be a year of happiness and prosperity for you all, and that as time goes on your association will exercise an ever- increasing influence on the political history -of our Borough." * * * The fund for the Liberal Party's wedding gift to the Borough Member is being enthusiastically sub- scribed to, and the lists will close on January 20th. We hope that those who possess the common failing of procrastination will at once forward their donations to either Mr. C. E. Parker, Alderman Tinnion, Mr. T. Pemberton or Councillor J. T. Locker. Mr. and Mrs. Crosfleld have promised to attend a reception in Parr Hall on Wednesday, February sth, when the presentation will be made. * The Local Government Board Inspector who visited the Warrington Poor Law Guardians on Wednesday had a little treat in store for those worthies. The Chairman cheerfully hinted that the Guardians liked flattery, but the inspector—hard-hearted man—did not see his way to oblige and delivered quite a remark- able homily in which he said some plain things about " tittle-tattle" and gossip The Guardians went away sadder and we hope all the wiser for a lecture which could not be considered out of place in view of recent events. * * * One of the most ludicrous features of the discussion about a municipal coal-supply at Tuesday's Council meeting was provided by Councillor Wilson, who spoke with unaccustomed warmth about the price of coal and the hardships of the poor then when the time came to vote for the resolution he was apparently in sympathy with, he sat mum. Not a single Tory was in favour of the resolution and perhaps Coun- cillor Wilson, NV ho is a valued appendage of the Tory party, discovered this fact during the period which elapsed between the conclusion of his speech and the taking of the vote. lie usually likes to go with the crowd, and on Tuesday the crowd sat tight. So did Councillor Wilson.

and

* * * Mr. F. Monks, J.P. is one of those captains of industry who have been closely associated with Warrington's progress and he is able to look back upon a strenuous and useful life of over seventy years spent in " the good old town." His retirement to Southport is regretted by his many friends and it was peculiarly fitting that the Warrington Society should entertain him at a complimentary dinner as he has been one of the foremost helpers of the Society. Mr. Monks made a highly interesting speech in the remin- iscent strain and he may be pardoned for feeling some little pride in the part he has taken in public activities, especially as the founder of that most beneficent institution, the Nursing Association. We join with the Warrington Society in wishing him a long and happy life in his new home. * * * The Mayor is determined to obtain those fifteen £2o's which are needed to clear off the debt on the District Nursing Association, and we would advise those who are well blessed with this world's goods .o pay up pleasantly at the earliest opportunity. His Worship has become a most energetic canvasser for the institution and is ever on the look-out for likely subscribers. At the dinner at the Old Academy on Thursday evening he had the pleasure of announcing that Mr. F. Monks and Mr. William Long had each promised him £2O and this was quickly followed by an offer by Mr. C. E. Parker to give £2O if the Mayor would become a member of the Warrington Society. Needless to say his Worship immediately closed with the offer. He is now on the look-out for five more subscribers to make up the £3OO.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH GARDEN SOCIETY. Annual Meeting. ,

The annual meeting of the Stockton Heath Garden Society was held at the Hall Cafe, on Thursday, Mr. C. Plinston in the chair. Mr. Vere B. Davies, the president of the Society was also present. The Chairman in his opening remarks referred to the great damage that had been done to some of the trees and was very sorry indeed that they had not yet received any information as to who had done the damage. THE COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Mr. A. Fawcett, the secretary of the Society, then presented the annual report of the committee which stated that the Society was admittedly doing useful work in the district and generally stimulating its mem- bers to increased attention in the cultivation of their own particular gardens and to keen competition at the shows. Two additions to the Society during the year held promise of great usefulness in the near future, namely the Latchford Section and the juvenile branch and they trusted that their development might be as marked as that of the Parent Society and that their 'interest might increase and act as a stimulant to the Society generally. The report was adopted. RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURE. The Secretary then presented the balance sheet which showed a balance of £1 12s. 6d. The subscriptions amounted to £63 14s. Gd., total receipts £123 18s. id. • expenditure £l3l 14s. 9d. There was a sum of £9 9s. 24 in hand from the previous year. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The following were elected officers for the ensuing year:—President, Mr. Vero B. Davies ; Committee, Mr. C. Plinston chairman; Mr. W. H. Woodcock, vice-chairman; Messrs. Lawrence, Watson, Owen, T. Baxter, F. Broady, W. Downs, T. Ethlen, J. H. Fletcher, M. W. Grant, J. Hallows, W. Hickman, W. Leach,J. Moore,J. McDonald, J. Mynekyme, Baker, Evans, Picka.vance, Hudson, W. Skelton, F. Timperley, W. A. Timperley, E. Vernon, E. G. White ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. C. Plinston, Hon. Secretary, Mr. A. Fawcett, and Mr. Downs, assistan secretary.

Interesting Engagement. .Mr. Egerton Warburton, son of an old Cheshire family, and the Hon. Lettiee Legh, oldest daughter of Lord and Lady Newton, of Lyme Hall, have become engaged.

For Children's Hacking Coughs at night, Woods Great Peppermint Cure. 1/1i 2/9.—Advt.

OUR "CLEAN SWEEP " SALE IS NOW PROCEEDING.

SWEEPING REDUCTIONS

IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

W. T.

WILLIAMS,

WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON.

Gift to the Liberal Club. A large autograph portrait of the Prime Minister, handsomely framed in oak, has been presented to the Libeial Club by Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., and will be hung in the building. For PURE PORK SAUSAGES try ASHLEY'S.—Advt. The Lawson Contract. Mr. George Hill, the arbitrator appointed in the action of Lawson v. the Warrington Corporation, made his award on Wednesday. It will, we understand, be talon up by one side or the other in the course of a day or two. The terms will not be made public until they have been submitted to the Corporation. Workingmen's Mission On Tuesday a social in connection with the Women's Bible class was held One hundred and twenty members sat down to a tea prepared by Mrs. J. Hassall and Mys. T. Taylor. After tea a short concert was held, Mrs. Crowther presiding. Songs were rendered by Mrs. W. Payne, Mrs. D. Brown, Mrs. J. Davies and Mrs. J. Swarbrick, duets by Mrs. D. hill and Mrs. lowlands; recitations by Mrs. H. Edwards and Mrs. Cotton ; Lancashire reading by Mrs. J. Rigby. After the concert games were indulged in, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. Miss C. Taylor officiated as accompanist. a °SHAD' " ELECTRIC LAMPS.—Double the light at half the cost. See Windows.—Agent : J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. The Palace and Hippodrome. A programme of exceptional interest will be pre- sented at this popular place of amusement next week. The chief attraction announced is Fred Karno's Company in the successful musical extravaganza "The Dandy Thieves." This is one of the most amusing pieces ever staged and patrons of the Palace can con fidently expect that it will be excellently presented. Mr. George Hester will appear as " Sergeant . Lightning" and will be supported by a capital com- pany. Another first-class turn will be provided by the Davenports, lightning illusionists and magicians. `COAGULINE," KLINII,"TENASITIN E.'--Cements for broken and other articles.—Advt. Warrington Butchers' Association. The annual ball in connection with this Association was held in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening and proved a great success. There was a very large attendance, the visitors including the Mayor and Mayoress. Mr. A. Starkey's Band supplied the music. The catering was in the hands of the Winmarlegh Cafe Co. Much praise is due to the following committee and secretary for the excellent manner in which the arrangements were carried out : —Messrs. E. T. Bridge, G. Russell, A. Mynekyme and G. Mather, and Mr. J. Unsworth (secretary). The duties of M.C.'s were discharged by Messrs. A. Mynekyme, H. Mather, and G. Russell. The hall was prettily decorated by Messrs. J. M. Greenhalgh and Co. , Fire Brigade's Annual Dinner. The annual dinner of the Warrington Fire Brigade was held last evening at the White Hart Hotel, Market Place, under the presidency of the superinten- dent, Mr. Frank Turner. The catering was in the hands of Mrs. Turnbull and gave every possible satisfaction. After the dinner, a number of the mem- bers contributed songs, and duets in good style and encores were freely called for. Mr.Gorst presided at the piano. Daring the evening the usual toasts were honoured. Votes of thanks were also heartily passed to The Subscribers," " The Caterers," and the pianist, and the singing of the National Anthem 'brought to a close what was considered to be the ))I°6tenjoyable dinner ever held inconnection with the Brigade. SPLENDID BcrrEß is. lb.—AsRLEv'S, Sankey st.—Advt. Amalgamated Musicians' Union. A branch of the above has been formed in War- l'ington with Mr. Tom Boothroyd as president and Mr. Davies, 142,Lovely-lane, as secretary. The first meeting took place on Sunday evening last at the Pelican Hotel, Butterrnarket-street, when about 40 members were enrolled including almost all the leading musicians of Warrington and the members of the orchestras from the local theatres and music halls. It has been felt for a considerable time that some organization was required by the local musicians where they could air their grievances and that some standard rate of remuneration should be fixed for the iconcert and ball business, thereby avoiding the cutting down of prices which has been so prevalent in the past An orchestra will be formed which will cater for concert, hall and garden party business and by affiliating the branch with the Trades and Labour Council they hope to receive the co-operation of all trade unionists. Any musician desiring information Should apply to the Secretary. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS iN LANCASHIRE.--AdVt. Catholic Young Men's Society. The fourth annual dance in connection with this society was held at the Parr Hall on Tuesday evening 40 when there was an attendance of over 300. An excel- , ' lent programme had been arranged and much praise is due to the dance secretaries, Messrs. T. Newns and J. Dolan. Mr. A. Fl.Crosfield M.P., had sent a large number of beautiful flowers, the majority of which lavz placed in the refreshment /oom, the rest being dinted to the dancers. The following telegram 'was received from the Member :—" Councillor ()wen Toole, Parr Hall. Hope flowers arrived safely and wish everyone a very pleasant and happy evening. Cordial greetings, Arthur Crosfield,"—The duties of M.C.'s were in the capable hands of Messrs. W. Cunningham J. Black, and W. Kilduff whilst the dance was made most enjoyable by the music supplied in a very efficient manner by Mr. A. Starkey's orchestra. The visitors included the Mayor and Mayoress. The bar was under the management of Mr. T. Hockenhall. Army Veteran who Likes the Workhouse. The " Daily Teleraph " publishes a collection of tstatistics compiled from official sources, which shows that nearly GOO veterans who risked their lives in the Crimea, the Indian Mutiny, and earlier wars are ending their lives as paupers in London and provincial workhouses. In only one single instance does a veteran express himself desirous of ending his days in the workhouse. This is the case of an old Royal Military gunner in his eighty-first year, who, writing from Warrington Union Infirmary, says :—" In this Institution (presided over, as it is, by one of the best masters in the kingdom), I have been an inmate for four years, and I do not see my way to accept anything involving a change. I should hie parting from a circle of dear friends, whose kindness and solace in my declining years I can iil afford to lose. . . . I can, there- fore, only express a fervent wish to remain where I

, ,

are

am." LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs and Colds. Of proven efficacy. Of Chemists.—Advt. J. W. Turner's Opera Co. It will be seen from our advertising columns that the visit is announced of Mr. J. W. Turner, the great English operatic tenor,with his world renowned Opera Company to the Parr Hall, Warrington. for the week commencing Monday next. The list a operas set down for production has been admirably selected, as will be seen from the following : --Monday "TI Trovatore," Tuesday " Daughter of the Regiment," Wednesday ▪ Lily of Killarney," Thursday "Faust," Friday "Bohemian Girl" and Saturday the old favourite • Maritana." Mr. Turner himself will appear on three occasions during the week, his parts being " Illanrico" in II Trovatore, " Myles" in Lily of Killarney and " Don Cmsar " (his old favourite role) in Marttana. lfr. Turner will appear supported with a company of much strength. Amongst them are Messrs. Sidney Clifford, Charles Le Sucur, Tom Griffiths, and Richard Cummings, the Misses Kitty Brownless' Christine Gomez, Jessie Dennis and Sara Williams. The chorus is a full and powerful one and an augmented orchestra tinder Mr. Turner's own conductor, will do justice to the important and charming instrumental work. In fact everything has been done to ensure successful presentations. Woods' Great Peppermint Care for Coughs and colds; never fails. 111 k, 2/9e.—Advt.

Personal. Ma. Alderman Forshaw has been appointed a repre- sentative governor of the Grammar School, in place of the late Mr. Alderman James Fairclough. Skating Accident.

Whilst skating on Lymm Dam on Sunday, Mr. James Hampson, son of Mr. T. A. Hampson, of Beech House Lymm, a director of the Castle Rubber Co., had the misfortune to fall on the ice and break his collar bone.

PUBLIC BENEFIT--UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Cheshire Training College Extension. At a meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee at Crewe, on Xlmiday, it was stated that Lord Crewe had accepted the committee's offer of £6,00 for ten acres of land on his lordship's estate for a training college. The Board of Education suggested the acquisition of a further two acres, with a view to the extensrm of the college, but the committee did not regard this as desirable at present. A Wealthy Prisoner. _ . _

A respectably-dressed old man, Robert Singleton a stranger in Warrington, was charged at the Borough Police Court, on Tuesday, with being drunk on Pinners-brow, the previous night. It was stated by Police Constable Tolly that prisoner had in his posses- sion when arrested £39 4s. 4d.,- nearly the whole of the money being in Scotch banknotes.—The Chairman (Nlr. C. Jackson Holmes), addressing Singleton, said he ought to be greatly obliged to the police for lock- ing him up with so much money in his possession. He would have to pay for that trouble to some extent by paying a fine of ss. LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles. 90. 4% 1/li. Of Chemists.—Advt Ship Canal Developments.

Vice-Admiral Sir dearge mares, K.C.8., Acting Conservator of the River Mersey, gives notice in the " London Gazette " that he has received notice from the Manches.er Ship Canal Company, given pursuant to the provisions of the Mersey Conservancy Act, of its intention to construct a breastwork on the Cheshire bank of the river Mersey, near Messrs. Crosaelds works at Warrington, in accordance with plans and sections deposited at the Mersey Conservancy Office. 63, Victoria-street, London, S.W. " Are we Downhearted ?" At the Borough Police Court on Monday George Wimpenny, 5, Booth-street, was charged with stealing three fowls value 63. the property of P.C. Woods, Liverpool-road, and further with stealing four pigeons, the property of William Worrall. The Chief Constable Eiaid that at 11.30 on Saturday , night Inspector Foster's suspicions were aroused owing to prisoner's movements in Liverpool-road. He stopped him and found the birds in his possession. Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month on each charge. —Prisoner : " Are we downhearted? No !"

Warrington Philomathic Society. A meeting of the above Society was held at Gregory's Cafe on Wednesday .evening. Mr. li. J. Burgess ppened a discussion upon the " Congo Question," and p )inted out that the Congo Reform Association had proved their case and had indisputable evidence to justify their statements. An interesting discussion followed, in which the majority of the members present tosk part. Unfortunately (from a debating point of view) no member had been able to procure information or discover arguments sufficiently convincing to cause any opposition to the general idea that Great Britain had a duty to perform in the matter and the members were unanimously of the opinion that the Congo Reform Association were right.

' LTNSEED COMPOUND 'of 40 years' proven efficacy for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles.—Advt.

Union Bank of Manchester, Ltd.

The nett profits of the Union Bank of Manchester, Limited, for the half-year ended 31st December 1907, including £10,764 brought forward, amount to £57,046. The Directors hay,' declared the usual dividend of 12s. per share (free of income tax), absorbing £30,000 and have transferred £2,000 to promises reduction 'account, £2,500 to pension fund, and £5,000 to reserve. fund (raising that fund to £342,000), and have also placed £7,500 to Consols reduction account, reducing the Bank's Consols from 831 to 82. This leaves the amount to be carried forward at £lO,OlO. Death of Mrs. John Dewhurst. We regret to announce the death of Mrs. John Dewhurst, widow of the late Mr. John Dolby Dewhurst, of Oughtrington House, Lymm, which took place last Friday evening at her Bournemouth residence. Mrs. Dewhurst was the daughter of the Rev. W. Mac , Iver, a former rector of Lymm, and well known in the , district to the older inhabitants. Her husband was a member of the firm of Messrs. G. and R. Dewhurst, cotton spinners, of Great Marlborough-street, Manchester, and was most generous towards all good work in Lymm and Oughtrington. He gave several thousand pounds towards the re building of the Lynam Parish Church tower. The funeral took place at St. Peter's, Oughtrington, on Wednesday.

MORE LIMIT AT LESS COST.—" OSTata " Electric Lamps do this and more. Full details from the local agent.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Penny Popular Concerts. An admirable programme was submitted at the penny popular concert at Bold-st on Saturday evening. The Rev, T. Miller presided. There was a very large audience, and all went away highly delighted. The whole of the programme was sustained by a Liverpool party (Hisses Belle Chauvean, L. Navin and Wee Jennie, and Messrs. Oswald Hollis, J. Lawden, J. Gardner, and Will Robbie). The humorous songs of Messrs. Lawden, Gardner and Robbie, caused roars of laughter, and they were repeatedly recalled. Wee Jennie also pleased the audience with' her character songs. Selections were also given by the other members of the party.

PUBLIC BENEFIT.-lINDER TIIE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASFIIRIL—Advt. Mr. J. J. Bilsbrough's Retirement.

Some time ago the approaching retirement of Mr. J. J. Bilsbrough, goods agent and dockmaster of the London and North-Western Company at Widnes, was announced. Mr.Bilsbrough is a well-known resident of Latchford. His official career terminated with the close of the year, and to mark the occasion an interesting presentation took place in Lacy-street Schoolroom, Widnes, on Monday night, in the presence of the staff and district officials, when the district superintendent (Mr. H. S. Hunt), in appropriate terms, handed to Mr. 13ilsbrough a handsome gold watch, presented by the goods department staff as evidence of their goodwill and affection towards the recipient. Asked for More—And got it. _

Kate Layden, Ellesmere7street, a well-known War rington character, was charged at the Warrington Police Court, on Tuesday, with wilfully breaking a plate glass window, value £4 10s., at the shop of Ch,rles Price, provision dealer, Butterrnarket-street. On Monday Sergeant Barlow heard a smash of glass near Market-gate. On proceeding there he found the prisoner leaning against the shop window with her clog in her hand. The only explanation she gave for her conduct was that a man named Mullins had been locked up for stealing bacon from the shop, and she had done it for " revenge." The magistrates sentenced her to six weeks, but the prisoner clung to the dock rail and demanded to be sent away for four months, as Mullins received that term. The magistrates partially satisfied her desire by adding another two weeks to her sentence.

'LINSEED COMPOUND,' Trade Mark of Key' Compound Essence of Linseed for Coughs & Colds.--Ad vt P.S.A. Meetings.

At the meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Sunday Mr. W. Beswick presided and wishes' all Present "A very happy and prosperous New Year." The Rev. John Yonge (the president) gave the New Year's address upon "Christ became man for us. Let us be men for Christ." He *sad that the great mass of people believed and acknowledged the grandeur and the excellence of Christ's life upon earth. It was one of goodness, love, and activity. As a workman He gave His best, as a son He was filial awl obedient, and His works were full of purity and genuineness. It was not for Himself, but for man, He bought us to set us free. When a dark slave was bought by a Christian man for 1,450 dollars, and was told she was free, she was full of joy unspeakable, and said she would be his servant for ever. So let them all realize what it cost the Saviour to set them free. They must yield themselves willing servants to Him. Mr. Gleare and the Secretary took part in the tneeting, and Mr. A. Griffiths sang " If with all your hearts' in an effec- tive manner. Mr. W. H. Paytan presided at the organ. There are now 430 members. —An open meeting of the Buckley-street P.S.A. Society was held on Sunday under the presidency of Mr. W. Rogers, of Winwick. Mr. Stawe, of Widnes, was the speaker, and gave a very interesting address. Mr. J. Perrin ably rendered the tenor solo " Sabbath melodies." Miss L. Fairhurst read the afternoon's lesson, and Miss M. Plinston pre- sided at the piano. The collection was in aid of the 1 society's funds.

,

===== 0002601_19080111_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 11, 1908.

Cemetery Hotel Bowling Club. The annual ball in connection with this Club will he held at the Lion Hotel on Thursday, February 6th. Mr. A. Starkey's band has been engaged.

Theatricals at Lyme Hall. Lyme Hall, the historic sent of Lord and Lady Newton, was the scene on Friday and Saturday last of ' some admirable theatrical representations, which have given great enjoyment to all who have been able to see and hear them. A musical play in one act was splendidly performed by Mr. E. Comva Platt, the Hon. Phyllis Legh, the Hon. Piers Legh, vir. C. Th )rnton, Miss Mary Troubridge, and Miss Chalty Troubridge. The second part consisted of the comedy, in one act, "A Privy Council," in which the characters were taken up by Colonel Bromley-Davenport, D. 5.0., Sir Harry Main saring, Bart., dr. T. O. Platt, Miss Helen Troubridge, the Hon. Lettice Legh, the Hon. Hilda Legh, and Lady Newton. The period was about the year 1665. WHITE TOASTING CHEESE 6d. lb. at ASHLEY'S.— Advt.

MOUNTAIN FLAX (Ltsum CATHARTICI73I) PILLS An agreeable aperient. Worth a trial. 9cl.—Advt.

- Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Company. The directors of this company have just issued their ' report and balance sheet which will be presented at an ordinary meeting of shareholders to be held at the Head Office,Spring Gardens, Xfanchester, on Thurs- day the 16th inst. at 12 noon. They state that the gross profit for the half-year ending 31st December last, after providing for all bad and doubtful debts, is £311,134 7s. 2i1., to which has to be added the amount brought forward from 29th June last, viz. : £41,774 13s. 11d., making a total of £352,009 is. H. From this sum the following deductions have to be made : total expenses at the Head Office, London Office and Branches, including salaries, stationery, taxes, &c., £105,928 10s 6d. ; half-year's provision for Income Tax, £5,370 10s., leaving a net profit of £241,600 14s. 7d. The Directors recommend the declaration of a Dividend of 21s. per share, which will take £165,900, leaving a balance of 1.75,709 14s. 7d. Of this it is proposed to carry to the Reserve Fund £15,000; to Pension Fund £10,000; and to next account, £,..0,709 14s. 7d. The Reserve Fund, with the above addition, will then .amount to £1,685,000. The directors have the pleasure of intimating that the amalgamation of the Lancaster Banking Company Limited with this bank. as from Ist July last, has been satisfactorily completed. rho directors of the Lancaster Bank have joined the Board of this bank. During the past half-year offices have been opened at Halsall and Scarisbrick (Bescar-lane) as sub-branches to Ormskirk, and a branch is now open at Altrincham, with a sub-office at Hale.

STREAKY BACON 6d. per lb. at ASKLEY'S.—Advt.

REVOLUTION IN ELECTRIC LIGHTING.—" Osram " Electric Lamps reduce your current Bill cone half. —Agent: J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, War- rington.—Advt.

Compensation for the Loss of a Husband. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, N.C. the case of Mary Ellen Leigh, Lord Nelson-street, v. Ames Fairclough and Sons was down for hearing. Mr. C. H. Unsworth said he appeared for both parties. Mts. Leigh's husband met with an accident while in the employ of the firm in July and died in November. By an agree- ment between the parties the amount of compensation had been fixed at £253 19s. 6d. which had already been paid into court and ,he wished to ask the Judge to allocate die am ,uat in pane lies! payments to the widow. There was just one question as to whether one of the children —a youth of 19 —was a dependent. He (Mr. Unsworth) submitted that he was not and the youth himself was quite willing that the order should be made entirely in favour of the widow. —Samuel Lee was called, and said he was in receipt of wages of 14s. per week. He was willing that his mother should have the wMle of the money.—The widow stated that her son had been in regular work from the age of fourteen.—His Honour decided that the youth was not dependent upon his father at the time of his death, and made the order entirely in favour of the widow. He agreed to £2O being devoted to funeral expenses, &c, and directed the balance of the money to be paid in instalments of £2 per month. 'LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs and Cads Relieves Asthma and difficult breathing.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OBJECT LESSON.

American Newspaper Publishers

and the Tariff.

The newspaper publishers of America have made a great discovery. They are themselves, they find, the 1 victims instead of the beneficiaries of the protective system which has been ardently chanipioned in many of their editorial columns. They need no legislative defence for their own products against foreign com- petition, but the boons which they have helped the Government to confer upon their fellow-countrymen have become weapons for their own chastisement. A doleful complaint was made the other day, at a Chicago conference on trusts,by r. Herman Ridder,of the New York" Staats Zeitung." The cost of every article used by the publishing business has been subjected, he says, "to an artificial stimulation." The newspaper pro- prietors lie at the mercy of the big combinations which Dingleyism has fostered. They have a hundred million dollars invested in machinery, all unduly taxed by the manufacturer. They buy their type-setting machines from a single company and their advertising type from a trust. In some cities combinations of advertisers have succeeded in marking down their scale of rates.' Their industry, declares Mr. Riddler, is" loaded with the burdens arising from the Protection of every interest with which it deals." - The most severe pressure.of all is that which they endure from the International Paper Trust. The printing and publishing business as a whole turns over its capital in about ten months, and large department stores turn over their seven times a year, but the Paper Trust, with a capital exceeding sixty-one million dollars does a gross annual business of only twenty-one millions It has watered itself until it has no more money to invest,and it has borrowed upon everything it possesses. Instead of extending its business in the normal fashion of commercial growth, it has diminished its supply to such an extent that it turns out less news-print paper to-day than it did immediately after its organisa- tion. The market has been so starved that many news- paper proprietors are unable to get any quotations at all for their next year's white paper. The price for the present year has been advanced 12 dollars a ton, and an additional advance of 10 dollars is threatened for next year. The trust itself explains this rise as due to the growing scarcity of material, but somehow or other it has found itself in possession of a surplus product which it has been selling in this country at a cent a pound less than the American rate. It is further alleged that some of its methods in preventing competition deserve the attention of the Department of Justice. A Boston publisher attempted the other day to obtain a supply from Canada. He suddenly found, after he had completed his arrangements, that the mail was unable to do the work. Later, an agent of the trust recounted to him every step in his negotiations and laughed at his efforts to escare from its cinches. The menace to the newspaper interest has become so 'serious as to provoke a widespread revolt against the sacred schedules of the Dingley Tariff. A special meet- ing of the American Newspaper Publishers' Association, representing 278 newspapers published in 141 cities, has called for the exercise of existing statutes against trade combinations, for the punishment of" certain Western I mills " guilty of such combination, and, inost significant of all, for the immediate repeal of the duties on printing paper, wood pulp, and all other material entering into the manufacture of printed paper. These resolutions have been presented to Mr. Roosevelt by an influential deputation. He has promised to institute an investigation into the alleged breaches of the ' law, and to include in his annual Message to Congress, a strong recommendation for the relief sought for. Congress, however, is not accustdmed to give legislative effect to more than a small proportion of Mr. Roosevelt's suggestions,and there is little doubt that this exhortation will go the way of the rest. The managers of the Republican party are too shrewd to allow such an opening of the waters as would follow the removal of even one tariff barrier, and they will be able to quote the President's own understudy, Secretary Taft, in favour of the doctrine that there should be no attempt at revision until after the next Presidential election. Meanwhile the incident tends toward edifica- tion, if only as reminding us of the fact, too often over- looked, that the product of one manufacture may be to another the raw material on whose freedom from 1 harassing imposts the prosperity of a great industry depends.—" Manchester Guardian."

THE NEW VICAR OF PADGATE.—We learn that the Rev. Gerald W. Dickinson, ALA., who was at one time a curate at the Warrington Parish Church and is now stationed at Holy Trinity Church, Southport, has accepted the living of Padgate, which ib in the gift of the Rector of Warrington. Singular to say the reverend gentleman like his predecessor the Rev. Pollock-iiill, is a noted athlete and has played for Lancashire at hockey. He is also a good golf player. His return to the Warrington district will be welcomed in many quarters. On his former residence here, he made him- self a general favourite, especially among the young men attached to the Warrington Parish Church School.

For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great ePppermint Care. 1/If, 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

, land was false, and was nothing more than a " catch- penny "cry. Alderman Timmis strongly advocated the continuation RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL, of the regime. He asked: " Will you keep your gas and water undertakings under the old Act, which has The fortnightly mvating of this council was held at reduced the price of gas to everybody in the town, or Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday aft)rnoon,Mr. G.Pilling will you have an act which will raise its price?" (Cries in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. ..1. of " No, no.") Balshaw, P. Mounfield, J. Stokes, P. Booth, C. E. Councillor Boyle, in supporting the new bill, said that Linaker sen., J. H. Davies, L. Bolton, T. Wright, T. people wanted playgrounds for their children and Baxter, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. F. Bell, R. Nixon similar conveniences, and this was one way of getting J. Spruce, J. Mynekyme, C. E. Linaker jun., W. Weir,, them. A. Haining, G. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton and W. Councillor T. Smith begged the meeting not to be Diggle (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector of carried away with what they had heard that afternoon. nuisances), and Dr. Adams (medical officer of health). " vote for your homes and families, and against any SANITARY QUESTIONS. 1 alteration to the existing conditions," he said. The Clerk reported the receipt from the Local Several other gentlemen spoke vigorously against the Government Board of a circular dealing with the Health new bill, and, upon a vote being taken amidst much Acts Amendmant Act 1907. The object of the Act is to uproar, the proposition in favour of the new bill was enable sanitary authorities outside London to obtain , thrown out by about ten to one. when requisite and without incurring the trouble and expense involved in promoting Bills for local Actr. various additianal powers which are based upon pro- visions in local Acts passed in recent sessions of Parliament.

The circular was referred to a committee consisting of a member from each district where byelaws were in force.

UNEMPLOYED PROBLEM.

A resolution was submitted from the Tottenham Urban District Council stating that the unemployed problem was of national concern and could be only satisfactorily dealt with on a national basis and calling upon the Government to deal with the matter by under- taking works of national necessity such as reaffore- station, reclamation of forshores and waste land and the institution of farm colonies &c. It was further agreed to petition Parliament in favour of Mr. Macdonald's Unemployed Workmen Bill 1907 subject to further financial responsibility being placed upon the local authorities administering the Act. The Council were asked to pass a similar resolution. It was decided that the letter be referred to the Parliamentary Committee and the Clerk was instructed i ta call an early meeting of such Committee.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SMALL HOLDINGS.

The Clerk produced a circular from the Local Govern- ment Board pointing out that the property and liabilities of Rural District Councils under the Small Holdings and Allotment Act of 1907 were transferred to the parish meetings and suggesting April Ist next as a convenient day for the tranfer.

COMPLIMENTS OF TEE SEASON. At the close of the meeting the Chairman (Mr. G. Pilling) wished all the members a happy new year and the compliment was cordially reciprocated.

BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The monthly meeting of this board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. Baxter in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Balshaw, P. Mountlaid, J. Stokes, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, gen., J. H. Davies, L. Bolton, T. Wright, G. Pilling, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. F. Bell, R. Nixon, J. Spruce, W. M. Morris, P. Collins, T. Wood, A. R. Norman, J. Mynekyme, C. E. Linaker, jun., W. Weir, A. Haining, G. F. Ashton (clerk), T. Cook, W. R. de Pre; and F. Pearson (relieving officers).

===== 0002601_19080111_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
- - THE NE SV VACCINATION -ACT. -

I The Clerk read a letter from the Local Government I Board forwarding an order in respect of the Vaccina- tion Act which came into force on January Ist in which the clause was quoted : " That no parent or person shall be liable to a penalty if within four months of the birth of the child he makes a statutory declaration that he conscienteously believes that vaccination would be predjudicial to the child's health and within seven days thereafter delivers or sends by post the declara- tion to the vaccination officer of the district."

VAGRANCY. 1 A letter was read from Paddington Board of Guar- dians asking the Board to adapt a resolution urging on the Local Government Board the necessity of speedy legislation for the establishment of labour colonies, as in Switzerland, where vagrants may be sent and detained for a period with the hope of reform. The letter was ordered to lie on the table. AUDIT.

Mr. F. M. Adams, district auditor, gave notice of the audit for the quarter ending March 31st, 1907, to to take place on January 17th.

TREAT TO INMATES. The Clerk said a letter had just been handed to him from Miss Dutton on behalf of the Ladies' Visiting Committee, asking the sanction of the Board to the loan of the Board Room for the purpose of having a tea and concert, to be held on January 16th, and asking that the Chairman would kindly preside. The Chairman consented to do so, and permission for the use of the room was granted.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
NURSE-APPOINTED.

The Clerk said that-an-aCI-;er-tisement had been inserted in the newspapers for a nurse, and one reply had been received from Miss Hudson, Wirral Hospital, Bebbing- ton. She is 27 years sf age, and enclosed three testi- monials, which were very satisfactory. The nurse appeared before the Board and was appointed to the post. THE MASTER'S ILLNESS.

Mr. J. Spruce- ..ii-ii,;l;-;7-0-t".;-Of sympathy be passed with the Master of the Workhouse in his illness. They all hoped that he might be speedily restored to health. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Morris seconded and the motion was carried. RELIEVING OFFICER DEFENDED.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGISTRATES AND TEETOTAL RELIEVING OFFICFR.

It will be remembered that recently Annie Wakefield, a widow, was summoned by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty te Children for neglecting her children, and it was stated that the relieving officer had refused her out-relief. The Chairman of the Bench (Mr. Thomas) said the relieving officer was a teetotaler, and he supposed if be saw anyone take a glass of beer, it would be enough, and he went on to say the woman was entitled to out-door relief. . _

Mr. Cooke now submitted an application to the Board for relief for the woman and two children. The Clerk (Mr. Ashton) said the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children had bad the case under observation since 1901, and in May, 1901, Messrs. Thomas and Littler sentenced the woman to three months hard labour. In December last she was brought before the same magistrates, and similar evidence was given, and the case was adjourned for a month so that relief could be applied for. The Chairman ("Jr. Baxter) : The question is : such a woman entitled to out-door relief? Mr. Morris : I think Mr. Thomas has gone out of his way to insult our officer. Mr. Wood said the insinuation behind the magistrates remark was most unjust. Mr. Cooke did not allow prejudice, creed, or his temperance principles to inter- fere with his duties. (Hear, hear.) Alderman Norman said some magistrates seemed to think it right to cast slurs upon respectable people in this way. As a magistrate and as a guardian, he pro- tested strongly against what had taken place in court. He moved a resolution approving of Mr. Cooke's action, and protesting against the conduct of the magistrates. Mr. J. H. Davies seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. The Board declined to allow the woman out-door relief, and decided to take the children into the house.

WIDNES GAS AND WATER SCHEME. COUNCIL'S PROPOSALS REJECTED BY BURGESSES.

The most important meeting in the municipa history of Widnes was held on Tuesday, at noon, in the Town Hall,his Worship the Mayor(Alderman S. Owens) presiding. The meeting was intended to obtain the burgesses' sanction to the new Parliamentary bill now before the Commons, whereby it is proposed to repeal certain sections of the Widnes Improvement Act of 1875. The new Act provides that the profits of the gas and water undertakings shall, after provision has been made for the paying off of mortgages and expenses in the workiug of the same, go to the General District Rate. Fully 500 people attended the meeting, and the work- ing men, landlords, and works' managers gave the Mayor a very trying time. The Town Clerk explained the suggested changes stating that all moneys derived as profits from the gas and water works under the existing Acts were devoted to the provision of a sinking fund for the carrying on of the concerns exclusively. The sum and substance of the new Bill upon which they were asked to vote was whether, after the payment of the necessary expenses the profits should go to the relief of the rates. Mr. Moss I protest against the confiscation of the profits of the gas works on behalf of the landlords. (Loud applause.) The Mayor hoped that all we:e acquainted with the provisions of the Bill. The remainder of the clauses of the Bill, which contained many necessary improvements, he thought would meet with their approval, and he would ask them to vote upon the Bill with the exception of the Gas and Water Profits Clause, which would be discussed later on. All but one of the clauses of the Bill were passed unanimously. - As the meeting was very packed, and many persons were still unable to gain admission, Councillor Welding moved that the meeting be adjourned to be held at a later date in the drill hall (uproar, and cries of" Go on with it now,") to which a workman replied, " We can't afford to lose more time. Why didn't you hold it in the evening ?" Mr. James White said that if the new bill was passed the price of gas would be raised. He would absolutely refuse to allow the council to handle the gas and water profits. Under the existing conditions cheap gas had been of the greatest importance to the ratepayers of the town. Although a property owner, he deprecated any change in the system, and begged that more considera- tion be given to the slot meter gas consumers. Councillor Lewis spoke strongly in favour of the new bill, and asked the burgesses as consumers to ree that their representatives managed the gas and water under- takings in the best possible way. Gas which cost Is. to make cost the ordinayy consumer is. 3d. and the possessor of a slot mhter got 44 feet for H. The consumer of over 3,000,000 feet got it at is. Id. and for motive power at 11d. The average price was only a small fraction over cost. He claimed that the policy of giving manufacturers cheap gas should not be interfered with, but the Council should have discretionary powers to deal with any surplus profits. A large number of burgesses and gas consumers in the Sown wanted something more than cheap gas. To say that the profits would go to the benefit a the land-

===== 0002601_19080111_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

CAROL SINGERS' RICH HAUL

IA remarkably successful effort has just been made in connection with the new Wesleyan Church which is to ! be built at Denton's Green, St.tielens. In April, 1904, a ' Sunday school, in which divine services have since been held, was opened at Denton's Green. The land and buildings had cost £2,500, and when opened there was a debt of £964 on the school. This has been cleared, and the congregation is taking steps for the erection of a new church. Notice was issued that on New Year's Eve the carol singers connected with the church would go out for the purpose of making a collection, which would be the nucleus of the church building fund. It is now reported that the singers brought back crsh and promises amounting to £262 10s., which is surely a record for any band of carol singers in this district „2

COLLIERY ROOF FALL. f 4211

John M`Gorty, a collier, aged 35, 7, Gertrude-street, St. Helens Junction, met with a shocking death on Monday at the Sutton Heath Colliery. M'Gorty was working in the mine with his father-in-law, Robert Wiseman' and both men were buried by a huge fall of roof, which brought down the timbering at a place where roads of the mine met. The fall was heard by a man named James Lunt, who worked near. After an hour's work Wiseman was dug out, and he was found not to be severely injured. The other man had been buried in the midst of the fall and was quite dead when the rescuers managed to reach him.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PAWNING STOLEN BOOTS.

WARNING TO PAWNBROKERS.

Thomas Ackers, an aged boot-stitcher, of Lancaster, was charged on remand at St. Helens on Saturday with begging and also with stealing a pair of boots value 4s. lid. Police-constable Murrant arrested the man on Friday,27th ult., for begging.He was then found to have pawnticket in his possession, and it was found that Ackers had sent a man from a common lodging-house to pledge the boots. A young man named Platt spoke to the boots being pawned at Mr. Grundy's by an 'elderly man named Robinson. .

The Chairman (Ur. J. B. Leach) : We are surprised at you letting this money go on these boots. We think there is plenty of evidence about them to show they were stolen. _ _

Platt : It is just the class of boots these people buy. In many cases we have new boots offered. The Chairman : \Vell, these have never been used, and his sending the other man to pledge them was a very suspicious business altogether. We think you might have been a little more careful. Chief-inspector Goodall said that prisoner had been sent to gaol for fourteen days by the Liverpool magistrates for begging, and he only came out on the day that he was locked up. He must have come direct to St. Helens.

Ackers was sentenced to six weeks imprisonment. TRAGIC. DEATH OF A ST. HELENS GUARDIAN. Mr. John Rimmer, landlord of the Clarence Hotel Duke-street, and a member of the Prescot Board of Guardians, died somewhat suddenly on Sunday. Mr. Riramer was sixty-four years of age. For over fifty years he had been a respected member of the guild and congregation of Lowe House Church, and in 189 i he was elected to the Board of Guardians. He had not been in very "good health for some time, and during the Ipast week was greatly upset by the death of his sister. On Sunday, soon after half-past twelve, he prepared to go to the funeral, and took his place in the mourning coach to go to the cemetery. Mr. Rimmer was then seized with illness, and he had to be carried back, into house, apparently in a fainting condition. He never properly rallied, and although Dr. Officer was called in death took place at half-past two.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

HAYDOCK MINERS WANT A STRIKE.

At a meeting in Manchester on Saturday of the Lancashire and Cheshire 111iners' Federation the result of the ballot taken for dealing with non-unionist miners at the Elaydock collieries of Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., was declared as follows :—Queen, Princess, and Leigh pits, 812 in favour of giving notices to stop work and 29 against; Golborne, 298 in favour, against 36 ; Wood Pit, 169 in favour, 10 against ; and Old Boston, 372 in favour and 21 against.—Before the extreme course indicated in these figures is taken a deputation of the General Committee will propably wait on thr employers.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN COUNCIL.

he monthly meeting of the Newton Urban Council was held at the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday even- ing. Mr. T. O'rmand presided, and there were also present :—Dr. J. N. Patterson, and Messrs. W. Thompson, W. Collingwood, L. E. Pilkington, A. Tunstall, T. Ritchie. M. Setoo, A. Smith, G. F. Clarke, J. Naylor, F. Harwood, E. T. Evans, C. B. F. Borron, and C. Cole (clerk), A. Bowes (surveyor), and R. T. Sortees (water engineer.)

TRIAL OF GAS -CONTROLLERS. At a meeting of the Gas Committee, on December 16th, the Gas Engineer reported that a trial of several of " Gunning's controllers" had been made in certain parts of the township, which trial had proved satis- factory ; and that if this system were adopted and the controllers purchased, there would be, he estimated, a net saving per year in labour and gas of about .£llO. It was resolved that about 180 controllers be purchased (out of the reserve fund) and fixed on the street lamps in two of the lighting sections which include outlying districts, as a test before the system is adopted for the whole of the street lamps in the district. The minutes were approved. REPAIR OF ROADS.

At a meeting of the Highways Committee on December 16th, the Surveyor submitted his estimates of the probable expenditure on main roads in respect of the year 1908-9. It was resolved that the same be approved, and that the Council be recommended to apply to the Lancashire County Council for a sum of £Bl2 10s. for ordinary repair and maintenance, .£32.6 13s. Id. for the repairing of the carriage-way of High-street from Park-road to the old Stocks, and £230 for the flagging of the foot- path on the north side of St. Helens-road, from Market street to Swan-road. The minutes were adopted.

NOTIFICATION OF BIRTHS ACT.

At a meeting of the Sanitary Committee a letter was read from the Medical Officer of Health enclosing letter which he had received from the County Medical Officer of Health relative to the adoption of the Notifi- cation of Births Act, 1907, and in which he (Or. Sergeant) stated that he was strongly of opinion that all local authorities should adopt such Act, for it was the only way by which they could become acquainted with the information as to the surroundings of infants which was so important for statistical and precautionary measures.

The Clerk called attention to the circular letter issued by the Local Government Board on the subject, in which they stated that in their opinion there was no occasion for imposing upon parents and others the obligation of notifying births unless steps were taken to carry out the ultimate object of the measure, viz. : The giving of advice and instruction to those who had charge of the infants, and that in ordinary circum- stances they would not, be prepared to consent to tbe adoption of the Act unless it appeared that arrange- ments had been made for that purpose. It was resolved that the Council be recommended to take the necessary steps for the adoption of the Act. The minutes were agreed to.

INSPECTOR OF NCISANCES. On the proposition of the Chairman, it was resolved that Mr. Henry Ashcroft be re-appointed (subject to the sanction of the Local Government Board) inspector of nuisances for the district, for one year from the 24th January instant, with a salary at the rate of £l5O per annum for his services ; and that a moiety of such salary be claimed out of the county fund.

NOTICE OF MOTION. Mr. A. Smith (chairman of the sanitary committee) gave notice :—• That at a special meeting of the Council to be held on Honday, the 17th February next, he win move the adoption by the Council of the Notification of Births Act, 1907."

LAND ON WIIICEI TUE SUN NEVER RISES.

The Army Council has decided that the slouch hat as a protection for the soldier against the sun is not required in the United Kingdom.

MUSICAL MILKMEN. The Earlsfield, Sonthfields, and Wandsworth Milk Carriers' Musical Association has been started to train members to call " ! " in dulcet tones, as well as to hold smoking concerts.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE. "Lucky Durham." Another of Wilson Barrett's popular plays " Lucky Durham "has been the attraction at the Royal Court Theatre this week, and though this is the play's third appearance here it has attracted capital audiences. Messrs. Armitage and Leigh's company is a very strong one, and only pleasant things can be said of the way in which the play under notice is performed. The story is not very elaborately woven, but it has novel features and lends itself well to dramatic treat, ment. John Durham, an American millienaire, comes "home "and enters Society—the Society led by Lady Mountfallon and her husband. Great efforts are made to capture this eligible parti for the daughter of the noble house of Mountfallon, but the millionaire only smiles a sad sardonic smile. Early on the secret is out. John Durham is Lord Mountfallon's illegitimate son. He has fought his way to success, tended lovingly his deeply-wronged mother, and come over to England with revenge in his heart. The Mount- fallons are numbered among the impoverished nobility, and the family estate coming into the market, John Durham quietly buys it "lock, stock, and barrel" and arrives on the scene in the midst of a severe " family jar " caused by the news that Mountfallon Castle has passed from the hands of his Lordship, and they are liable to be summarily turned out. It was John Durham's intention to thus secure and enjoy, together with his mother, the inheritance of which he had been deprived by the baseness of an erring father, but in a touching closing scene the i nobleness of Durham's character s exemplified by an act of great magnanimity. He restores the estates to their lineal owner, and departs with a mind at ease and a heart contented by the love of Helen Vallerton, I the heroine of the play. There is a capital scene in , Act 2 when " Lucky " Durham finds the " bar sinister " a bar in reality to his love-suit. Helen's father has strict n-)tions and a deep concern for Society with a capital S. Lord Mountfallon desires the fair Helen for his son, the Hon. Reginald Steighton' and his opposition is the last straw. Durham boldly declares his birth and identity to the two men, and defies his father just at the moment Helen enters the room. Tableau ! Mr. Edmund Kennedy gives a very polished and effective impersonation of the title-role but if any- thing his restraint is too marked, and his delibera- tion too pronounced. He is, unquestionably, an accomplished actor and makes John Durham a real and engaging personality. As Helen Vallerton, Miss Alice Esther Belmare is charming. She has a pretty part and is moreover endowed with good looks and lady-like graces to an extent that makes the role a perfectly natural one. Mr. Arthur Leigh has quite a happy time as the empty-headed Hon. Reggie. His humour is of the spontaneous order, and he performs in lighter vein with ease and cleverness. The parts of Lady. Mountfallon and her daughter, the Hon. Margaret are also well taken by Miss Rosabel Dodd and Miss Blanchette Grand, the former being con- spicuously good in the hysterical scene with his Lordship near the end. Miss Louisa Gourlay makes a very tenderhearted and sympathetic Mrs. Durham,and there is distinct promise in Mr. A. E. Walker's acting as Mr. Vallerton. Lord Mountfallon is played with dignity and force by Mr. T. R. Lockwood. The minor , parts are all in very capable hands Mr. J. A. Gerald , and Mr. John Hartt both making very notable litte " hits."

ii-oi-',,:i t •,:....itsi.o-,19- '?.;;:tila...*:"*: '''''''''r4;;s'..."":.:".2l`,:, ••••:">.Z.,•% •, . • '''-fi- * ' slile'll,t, .kt/Vkt ,+, ". : ,!,..t Gs., •., ...1'..4 , 1 .4',.,•=i;• ; ..';'...,; • ~;,.• ,v;,-. t ,',.4,';',.'4Z i \'7''.% ...k,„,.. *. ~.I.i >„.: ::, \ N ,`, . •>.,,,,.:',,, .5.,,,,ZA,,, . s ,:'l,l 31'''' . 0 ;..A,,10,::;,(: .5.14. ''..` !'.,,,‘••••;,:' '',- ', ". ' • •14-..,,,..., .:,.....'.,.„-. 4 :.,., ..•:-.:,4,,,,, ....,,,, ..,,,t,.:„...i.,-,,„ •. --, .1, „....44;) ~ , ~, A :!,,, ~ '''.::•":'•;-::* Vs3;;',f,,: .•'.e',::4:t*':-,,„ .1f: 4 .'.:::- . :I- -1,4 ••••• , '': - Al' ' -'*Vl-1,•'1V,,,,,2,-'t -, iii: !-.:',4,:i1;e:f4, '',',..i.; • ...''', ~s. • , : s-t-?,,,,,. ' ~.r%,,t, . ,t 1;•;,.. .r.",":- ,:..;,..., 7 • ',. .. `-',04,44,4 t )•., f. Ss: • • '•;,!q.i : ‘1'.;:: , ,ii* 't1,.:11 ,s rA)i'd: ''W`.;".''' -1. .:•.:*7- '''..i ' '',...• ..4it'i :41..1 ') %.;:'.'" ' .':' '' ' ' . 1 t ';',1.2; ..., 4, • , 4S,Y ' ''''' \ '.„„

MISS 'BESSIE RIGNOLD AS " LEAH KLESCLINA." NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMIIE.

I For the third time in Warringeon, but for the first time in the new theatre, " Leah Kieschna," Charles Frohinan's greatest dramatic success,will be presented I for one week commencing Monday next. The trend of public taste as regards the drama is very interest- ing. Not so long ago it would have been almost impossible to have found audiences sufficient to keep a play of the aim and character of "Leah Kleschna on the road -but now, all that is changed, and the great moral drama goes on its way, prerching its lesson of mercy, and vieing with the Church in its usefulness. The story is well known, but will bear reiteration. Paul Sylvaine is an idealist, a dreamer, and he has views on one's duty towards the evildoers lof this world. He has an infinite pity for the poor thiefand holds that in nine cases out of tea he has known no better. He says effect that there is as much good in the thief as there is in any one of us, only it is deeper down, and has never had a chance against the circum- stances of life and environment. When he finds " Leah Kleschna " in his room, come there to steal the famous jewels, he does not do as others do—hand her over to the police, but he talks to her, argues with her, and put her position clearly before her. She ultimately breaks down, and returns to her father with intent to do good in the future. The outcome of this resolution is the wonderful fourth act, whose like has seldom if ever been before an audience. The same splendid company that played with such effect on the last occasion is still in requisition. Mr. William F. Grant who plays " Paul Svlvaine " was brought over to this country by Mr. Wilson Barrett, who was the first actor to recognise his great talent. Mr. William Clayton who plays " Kleschna " is acknowledged to be one of the most notable actors on the- English stage. There is no part in contemporary or Shakesperean plays that he has not essayed. Miss Bessie Riguold, who plays " Leah " is recognised as 003 of the best dramatic artistes of the day. She is the daughter of William Riunold, and commenced her stage career as a child. She played leads in all her uncle's (George Rignold) Shakesperean productions in Australia and round the world, and has since played practically every leading part in he legitimate drama in this country. The whole of the productioa straight from London is travelled complete.

ST. AUSTIN'S WARD ELECTION. Two Candidates in the Field There will be a contest for the representation of St. Austin's Ward rendered vacant by the elevation of Councillor Burton to an Alderrnanic seat. The election will take place on Monday week, the 20th inst. Yester- day was the last day for the receipt of nominations and papers were handed in on behalf of Mr. John Maginn (I) and Mr. James Broadhurst (C)• Mr. John Magina, R tddon Court, Ktmtsford-road, furniture dealer, is proposed by David Tinnion,seconded by James Weaver, and assented to by Percy Mather, Thomas Daly, Thomas B rchall Carter, James Carter, William Joseph Wilcock, Arthur Browne, Thomas Crarnpton and George Weaver. In a second paper Mr. Maginn is proposed by William Crosskill, seconded by Joseph Elwell, jun., and assented to by James Oliver, Martin Jordan, Thomas Kelly, James Jay, Michael Jordan, Richard Welsby, John Holford Pepper, and Seth Hunt. PUBLIC MEETING.

_ A public meeting in support of Mr. Maginn's candi- dature will be held in Thewlis-street schools on Tuesday evening. Alderman Tinnion will preside. Other meetings are being arranged. - TAKE CARE OF YOUR PENCE. Get the most for your money. Currants cost from 3d. to Cd. a pound, yet there is more nutri- ment of a kind in a pound of them than in a ponnd of lean beef at one shilling. The rest is all saving towards a sovereign which can take care of itself. Your Grocer has an enlarged edition of the most useful little cookery book, "Currants—a few Tasty Recipes." He will give you a copy free. Ask him Cent.

THE VOICE OF LABOUR. Edited by John Workman. .u.s.s. must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week. Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column.

-- THE TRADES COUNCIL AND ITS CRITICS. Sir, —Allow me to convey, through your column, my compliments to Messrs. F. Stott and T. Plumb. I desire these gentlemen to know that, after a short family consultation on the question, 1 have reluctantly decided not "to disclose my identity " and must therefore decline with thanks T.P.'s serio-comic invitation to "Come from behind that non-de-plume ?" —The suspicions of the ex-secretary of the Trades Council (F.S.) are aroused and he is a little afraid that " Onlooker " " Spectator " and " Trade Unionist " represent one individual (probably " not " a Trade Unionist) who may " NOT POSSESS" a "MORAL RIGPIT" (large capitals please) to criticise Councillor F. Stott, J.P., the, great Mr. Plumb, and the Trades Council generally. My word, John, just fancy that ! Why did you not present our cards to the immaculate 1' S. and the mighty T.P. and thus secure a judicial decision as to our locus standi in Trades Union circles are inserting our "scurrilous " contributions in your valuable column ?

Just to clear the air, Sir, allow me to blow my ot4n trumpet a wee bit. I am a Trades Unionist, and (although never a member of the Warrington Trades Council) have given several years useful service to the Trades Union movement. I have no business connec- tion with either " Spectator " or " Trades Unionist" but am "running on my own." I have written (previous to this) two contributions in your column, which have (I am pleased to say), proved very effective for they have directly resulted in Councillor Stott moving hi i 4 resolution re "Municipal Coal Supply " whilst another member of the Trades Council, Mr. T. Plumb, has " lost his head." " Sufficient unto the day are the fruits thereof."

"ONLOOKER."

Sir,—l have noticed in the Voice of Labour for the last few weeks a controversy between several cor- respondents including " Trade Unionist," F. Stott and T. Plumb, relating to the Trades Council.

I do not intend to add feel to the fire, but to simply point out further proof of the contention for an Actionist Labour Party, advocated by " Currentis " some weeks ago. I have it from good authority that Messrs. F. Stott, T. Plumb and other members of the Trades Council are Socialists. That being so, one cannot wonder at the inactivity displayed ! ! In addition to the above fact, add the brotherly! feeling exhibited by Mr. T. Plumb, in last week's issue, where he says "If Onlooker ' dare not dis- close his identity I do not hesitate to call him a coward etc."

The language is typical of Socialists and only goes to show what we will get if these fellow-creatures get the upper hand.

SUUM CUIQUE."

Sir, -In the " Exsininer " of the 21st ult., I see " Onlooker " was devoted to his self-appointed task of criticising the Trades Council with a view to its reformation. I think the hopelessness of this employ- ment has already begun to dawn on him, for his letter with its questionable taste, and bad tone throughout, already proclaims the " mind distressed." He refers to my letter of the previous week, incidentally, but neither " Onkoker " nor " Trade Unionist " grasps the most salient argument I put forward, or if they do they ignore its significance, and hence go woefully astray. The" fact " I pointed out was, the Warring- ton Trades Unions do not want political independence. On the contrary, they are satisfied with the orthodox Liberal end Tory parties, and therefore, with the present Trades Council. How does " Onlooker" and " Trade Unionist " expect to redress social wrongs and initiate social reforms, except by independent political action on the part of the workers ? To blame the Trades Council for not doing what it has no power to do, is like blaming a wheelbarrow for not going faster instead of blaming the man who holds the handles. " Onlooker " is starting at the wrong end ; it is the rank and file of the Trade Unions he should ful- minate against, instead of the poor long suffering Trades Council delegates. They have done all their Unions delegated or instructed them to do. I admit the importance of Housing, Education, and kindred questions, and would like to see them solved. But " Onlooker "in his eagerness, fights as ono " beating the air." Let me beg of him to call a halt in this crusade, and do a little missionary work among his fellow workers, if he is a unionist, at his branch meet- ings. If I understand the Trades Council rightly, it is the outward and visible' sign, of an inward and spiritual belief that however strong a union might be, there was something lacking ; that "something " was the co-operation of other unions. The idea is a good one, and well suited the old Trade Union notion of a general strike but 19 a general strike is impossible, the primal necessity of Trades Councils seems to be gone. I believe there is greater necessity than ever,for combined action on the part of the workers. but it must be for political warfare not strikes. The Trades Unionist battles of the future will be fought on the floor of the House of Commons. Trades Unions have a political machine now, if they will only u.e it, far more efficient than the Trades Councils. If " Onlooker" and others who think like him, will help to resucitate the Labour Party (the old L.R.C.) in Warrington they will be doing more to bring about reforms which they desire than by thundering at the local Trades Council. If the trades unions of Warrington believed in political independeace, John. Iwe Warrington workers would have a " Voice of Labour " in St Stephens next election. . . .

Regarding the co'ntributions of Messrs. Stott and Plumb, the first-named has evidently not much faith in your editorship John, if he thinks you would allow one man to fill a column with letters under different names. I would gently remind him to) of the proxerb about " glass houses." Respecting Mr. Plumb's letter, I am driven to admit that if it is representative of the Council, " Onloakees " description of that body is the correct one, and as I don't want kicking, I still sign myself, SPECTATOR.

,

===== 0002601_19080111_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATiI WESLEYAN SCHOOL,

IR

===== 0002601_19080111_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Annual Tea Party.

The annual tea party in connection with Padgate Wesleyan School was held in the schoolroom on Thurs- day evening. Rev. W. Mellor presided. There was a very large attendance. Mr. F. Ward in reading the secretary's report said they relied entirely upon the public for support and without that support they could not got on successfully Owing to the great increase in the number of scholars they were anticipating building a new school as there was not sufficient accommodation in the present schoolroom. He hoped they •would do all in their power to assist them in the support of the new school. They had 216 scholars on the books-112 males and 134 females an increase or eight during the year. The average attendance was : Mornings 78, after- noons 150, which was almost the same as last year. The Bible class had a membership of $O, and the average attendance was 17 but there is room for more. During the year £177 17s. Sd. was contributed to the Savings Bank by 60 members. They has sustained a great loss by the death of Mr, H. Ward, one of their superintendents, who for over twenty-five years had rendered untiring and faithful service to the school. A memorial tablet had been placed in the Church by the scholars and members of the congregation as a token of esteem and regard for his past services to the Church and school generally. Mr. Upson emphasized the value of skilled teachers in Sunday schools as well as in day schools. He also paid a high tribute to Vie work Mr. Ward had done for them.

The Rev. W. Mellor also spoke. During the evening the following programme was gone through :—Glees, " Eldorada " and " Good-night" by the choir, Dr. Bennett conducting ; recitation by one of the scholars ; songs by Miss Woodland ;viola solos, Master Millington; amusing dialogues, "Washing thy" (in costume), "Women's Rights," "Black Bachelor " ; musical drills with parasols and gipsy ance in costume.

EYESTRAIN. Arises from small unnoticed defects of focus, and causes Headache, Inflammation, Weak Eyes, Inability to stand the Light, Neuralgia, etc. GLASSES are the only cure, Glasses should only be worn after proper testing otherwise the sight may be permanently injured. JOHNSTON WATSON, EYE- SIGHT SPECIALIST, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. Low Charges. Satisfaction Guaranteed.

xi

===== 0002601_19080111_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
NEGLECT OF CHILDREN.

Warrington Ex-Soldier Sent to Gaol.

A bad case of neglect of ehlldren wns heard at the Warrington Borough Court on Thursday, elore Messrs. -John Fairclough (in the chair), Charles White, and W. Roberts, when James Bloomfield, :.n es-soldier, 8, Plurnpton-street, was placed in the dock on a charge of neglecting his four children. Prisoner was also elarged with assaulting his wife on .I.tnaary 23d. Mr. Arthur Bro,.sne prosecuted on hehnlf of the N.S.P.C.C., _and the usual sordid tale of drink and lazi-

IIeSS was unfolded. Prisoner was now a casual labmirer, but it Wise thrMIZII his own neglect and drinking habits that he had 104 regular eruploynient. The parties were well connected, and the prisoner's wife was in receipt of £26 a year which was for.varned in gaaverly instal- ments. When the money was sent prisoner gave np his work nntil th is hi of it had been exhansted. The clothes of the children bad been pawned for drink, and on that accontt, and not having any clogs, they had been unable to Attend school. The wife had become absolutely despondent through his arid it Was her intention, if she ,vas grmteLi mseparation order, to go and live with her relativis at liandswortm file children were very sturdy, otherwise they could not have stood their te7rille privetions. They hid teen sent out at night during the cold vren,ther without, any boots to their feet. A week ago he prisoner violently

• • . , .. . • ' I .• , , . • . ' A 4. , . • • 'AND STILL WELL TO-DAY,.. - FACTS CONFIRMED ON OATH. The following statement of the facts of a cure, showing the wonderful superiority of Charles Forde's bile beans as a family medicine, has been made on oath before a Commissioner for • Oaths, Mr. Philip Baker, of Birmingham. "I, Thomas Quinney, now of 79, Ash Road, Saltley, ~ Birmingham, do hereby solemnly declare that for twenty years , I was a great sufferer from Hmmorrhoids (piles). Also that after trying many patent medicines and pills, many of whieh only •oz, vv. , afforded temporary relief, I have been cured by undergoing a . course of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness. Further, I • give full permission to the Bile Bean Co. to make use of this Sworn Declaration in any way they may choose, to make known •.;, that it was solely by Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness ,i(„4, that my cure was effected. ..., "(Signed) THOMAS QIIINNEY." - 1. , Writing to-day, Mr. Quinney says :—" It is now four years •f, since Chas. Forde's Bile Beans cured me of piles and constipation, and I have not had the slightest return of these complaints. , My health has remained splendid." - 4 To make sure you i ... ri REE Ton can have a .....1. vfARI iii G get the kind of Free Sample Box 'lt, . medicine that cur- .of the original and ed Thomas Quinney, see that only genuine Chas. FORDE'S Bile ,e, . "CHARLES FORDE,S" Is on the Beans by sending this coupon and ...4.: label, & that you get Chas. Fords'. Id. stamp (to cover return postage) • ,i, • Bile Beans, "the kind you have al.. to the Bile Bean Co.. Greek Street ways bought." Of all chemists, In Leeds. W.nthirto. Examlser, Jau.ll. • . sealed boxes, prices ill} and Xia. 'Chas. Es RD , • -:.-;,;• . ~....,a :•, , . ..4:* ..4.4* 4, - . ~/ .4,1,-,. ..., •, .: ..,..; •••• • . ~. 0.-,N,.., .. • ..,, •,•• :..e .. ~ .t., If ,tv ~.;sr , ~' .. •••37;, • -WV • -',„ ~ ~- . • , ' ..:,„ , ' -,,p..F4,4•AA..4*.11—.• ,ilt,:--4,:t.,46:-. ,:,-24-- if;-• , ~,-1. „A— .., r-T.:`,4:l*--r'..44

===== 0002601_19080111_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
C.:.UTION

A cheapening ad- mixture made from

Yeast is

largely manufacture

used

being

in the

of so-

called beef teas in

the form of penny tablets and fluid

extracts.

Bovril

Insist on

all

getting

===== 0002601_19080111_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Beef.

.;,,,,;15,- y -.' .;."•.- :, .' '. i;ri:4. 4••• •.ig A ~,`,1%.,... ,•, "; ,;,•:: ICI .tq7l' A'.t'441`.1.411.A.- ' , ~ , . A• . •

IMF

===== 0002601_19080111_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080111_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
`.7';'4l

THE WORKHOUSE SCANDAL.

DR. FLITCROFT APPLIES FOR A TESTIMONIAL.

The Board and .‘ Christian Charity."

L.G.B. INSPECTOR'S STRICTURES ON "TITTLE-TATTLE."

There was another echo of the Workhouse Scandal a the Warrington Board of Guardians meeting on Wednesday and some severe strictures on the Board's methods were passed by Mr. Lowry, Local Government Board inspector, who paid one of his periodical visits. Mr. W. Boughton presided over a good attendance. The CLERK reported that he bad received a letter from Dr. Flitcroft in which he said :—" I notice that you have advertised for a successor, and I now find it would be convenient to me if the Board will so arrange that I may vacate my office on December 31st, 1907. I shall be pleased if the Board in respect to the manner in which I have discharged my duties as Workhouse Medical Officer will grant me a testimonial."—(The effect of the letter is to reduce the period of notice from three months to one month.)

===== 0002601_19080111_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRIBUTE TO THE Docroa.

Mr. BILLINGE moved that the Board grant Dr. Plitcroft a testimonial as to the manner in which he bad performed his duties during the fourteen months he had been with them. There might he little differences of opinion on the point, but he thought they were all convinced that the doctor had done his work well and that what he had accomplished reflected great credit upon him. Mr. SwroN seconded. A PROTEST AND A RETORT. Miss BRO (DBENT : After what has °enured I protest very strongly against the granting of a testimonial, and I 1 hope my protest will be recorded. _

- . The CFIAIRMAN : Do you move an amendment ? Miss BROADBENT : Yes. Mr. FURNESS : lam sorry to see some slight opposi- tion is to be offered to a charitable recommendation of this character. It is almost a reflection on the Christian charity of the Board—(hear, hear)—that opposition should be brought against a man having a character. i We know full well as a Board that Dr. Flitcroft hag done a great deal for the institution, not only as far as , the patients are concerned, but from an economical ; standpoint. He has saved the institution a considerable sum, and I do think it is a reflection on the Board that we should discuss the amendment which has been pro- posed by Miss Broadbent. It almost reminds one of , the old days of the Vendetta,when a man was pursued by ! the Spaniard until his life was taken from him. I hope. , the amendment Miss Broadbent has so ungenerously I proposed will be defeated. The CITAIRMRN : It is a question of a negative vote. Mr. JOLLEY : After the remarks of Mr. Furness it would be a disgrace to the Board if no further com- ments were offered. Mr. Furness has made some rather impassioned observations about Christian charity and some very unworthy reflections on Miss Broadbent. I venture to think that. at any rate, without discussing the question of whether we call ourselves Christians or not, as civilized Englishmen in the.twentieth century we must regard it as a primary duty to speak the truth. Dr. Flitoroft's request is that a testimonial should be granted to him in respect of the manner in which be has discharged his duties. If that testimonial is granted, I presume it will be written by the Clerk and will state the truth. If it states the ttuth the testimonial will not be of any benefit to the doctor but a positive hindrance to him getting employment at any future time. If Mr. Furness suggests that the Board as a public body is to grant a false testimonial he is at liberty to suagest it,but I venture to think the majority of the Board will not concur in that line of action. strongly endorse the brief protest Miss Broadbent has entered. It is absolutely inconsistent with the honour and integrity of a public body to grant a false testi- monial and a trite testimonial would be no use at all. If Dr. Flitcroft had asked for a testimonial merely relating to the actual medical work, that would have been another matter altogether. I have no fault to find. I have frequently bornetestiinony to the admirable manner in which that has been discharged, but that is not what be asks for. _ _

The CLERK : I certainly should confine the testi- monial to that, and not enter upon anything else. Mr. JOLLEY : His duties as resident medical officer I include relations with certain other °Facials, with the nurses and the patients. It is not a question merely of purely professional work. The CLERK : I should have thought so personally. Mr. JOLLY : I think it would be nothing short of a public scandal that a body whose reputation has already been besmirched should allow a resolution of this kind to pass without protest.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE DISCUSSION:

The Rev. T. R. Maw Haws said that after the high encomiums which had been passed on Dr. Flitcroft's work, he did not see what else the Board could do but pr tut the testimonial. They were not justified in dragging into the question something else which had gone b.f. The doctor asked simply for honest and fair treatment and he had been very highly spoken of by members of the Board. The Board was in duty bound to grant the doctor what he asked for. Dis resignation at a month's notice was a voluntary act and he had obliged them thus far. It was not right to bring in the foreign element in determining the question. Mr. JAMES EVANS said the action against Dr. Flitcroft had been settled outside the Board room and be thought the Board should now leave that matteralone. Ile had never heard any complaint about Dr. Flitcrof t's treatment of the patients as a medical roan. The Board should disabuse their minds of the other question and grant a testimonial on the lines suggested by the Clerk.

Mr. R. FOR:SHAW said the office of resident medical officer covered more duties than medical atfendsnce on the patients and he maintained that Dr. Plitcroft had not discharged all the duties to the Board's satisfaction. Would any member of the Board in his private capacity grant a testimonial to a man who had served him as Dr. Macron had served them ? He (Mr. Forshaw) did not say a word against him as a doctor. Rev. T. R. MATTIIF.ws : He only asks for a testimonial to his work as medical officer. _

Mr. AlATintrt said he could not support the resolution although he did not want to say anything harsh about the doctor.,

Ihe CHAIRMAN said he was certain the Clerk might be depended upon to give a testimonial which would be valuable to Dr. Flitcrott without compromising the Mord in the least.

The CLERK said no man spoke more strongly and yet in a more neutral way than Mr. A. Brooks. If the Board instructed him (the Clerk) to give a testimonial be thought he could not do better than follow the words of Mr. Brooks as to the manner in which Dr. Flitcroft had discharged his duties. Mr. A. BROOKS said he had no objection to that, but he would certainly ask thst the context of the speech should be given. Although the Board might be taunted with having no Christianity charity, they must bear in mind that their testimonials ought to be of some value. It would have been far more to the doctor's advantage if he htd left without asking for a testimonial. It was no credit to the Board that certain matters were settled outside the Board room : they ought to have been settled inside. He acknowledged a deep debt of gratitude to Dr. Flitcroft for the work he did up to July, but to grant him a testimonial after what had occurred since then would he to make their testimonials practically value- less.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TEST MONTAL GRANTED.

On a role being taken the Board decided to grant tbe testimonial, by 15 votes to 7. Tho CLERK It is quite rindrstood that I should pnrely limit myself to the discharge of his duties as doctor snd not criter open any question between the doctors and nurses, the slander case, or anything else. (Hear, hear.)

THE QUESTION OF A SUCCESSOR. NEW SYSTENI DECIDED UPON.

At a meeting of the House Committee on December 29th, it was resolved that a resident medical officer be advertised for at a salary of £l5O per annum with the usual ollowances ; also that the Board be recommended to advertise for a deputy medical officer at a salary of £5O per annum. At another meeting the medical officer's report bock aimed by T. E. Flitcroft, under date December 20rd, 1907, was read, and contained some adverse comments on the training of probationers as hitherto conducted. These comments being considered unjustifiable, the committee recorded their strong disapproval of the doctor's action in the matter. . .

I --A—t-ern'p"o-r.a—ry arrangement made with Dr. Hodgkinson to perform the whole of the duties of medical (Miner at a remuneration of half a guinea per day was approved nntil the vacant appointments are filled. The CLRRIC said he had advertised for a resident medical officer and had received 12 applications, one of which had been withdrawn. Mr. BILLINGE remarked that since the meeting of December 20th, when there was a divided vote on the question of whether they should have a resident medical officer or not, a change had come over the minds of the Guardians that it would be advisable at I this inneture to have a non-resident medical officer. 1 After some discussion on procedure, Mr. MlOOlOll formally moved and Mr. FURNESS seconded the adop- tion of the House Committee's minutes. Mr. JAMES EVANS moved an amendment that the order of the resolution regarding the new appointments be reversed, and that advertisements be issued for a non-resident medical officer and for a deputy medical officer who should reside in the institution, the salaries to be £lOO each. Mr. NIATHER seconded.

......—...—.. Dr. PATTERSON said it was his idea when the matter of appointing Dr. Flitcroft was first discussed, to continue the employment of Dr. Braide and have a deputy medical officer resident in the institution. He supported Councillor Evans' proposal, but suggested

that the salaries should be £BO for the non-residen officer and £l2O for the deputy and resident officer; the latter to give an undertaking not to practise in War- rington for five years. Mr. FURNESS said that on Mr. Jolley's admission Dr. Flitcroft had saved the Guardians between £4OO and £5OO, so that on economical grounds alone the Guar- dians would not be doing their duty to the ratepayers if they did not have a resident medical officer. LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INSPECTOR'S ADVICE.

Mr. Lowxv, Local Government Board inspector, was asked to give his views on the question. He said he could only think of one other Union where there was merely a single resident officer. So far as he knew, everything was going on well there, but roost Unions with which he was acquainted, had either got a visiting medical officer only, a visiting medical officer with one or more resident assistants, or a resident medical officer in chief charge with assistants. He was bound to say that he very much favoured the practice of haying the chief medical officer visiting and non-resident, as it was advantageous in many ways. The doctor brought to his work a certain freshness and a lack of that institu- tionalism which was apt to fall upon any man who spent his whole time in the institution. Coming into contact with outside practice was a good thing for a medical man as it kept him more wide awake and it was therefore better for the patients. It was almost inevitable when they advertised for a resident medical officer at a salary which was not very high that th9y would get a young man. A great many men were old before their years and were perfeotly capable of doing what might be required of them quite properly, but prima facie a young man WES at a dis- advantage. He did not carry the weight be should with the Guardians and officers and with the nurses whom he was supposed to control. It would be a great advantage to have as non-resident officer, a man of standing in the town. Of course, the bulk of the work must fall on the resident officer. The Inspector con- cluded by expressing the hope that everything would go well and that the new resident officer would have perhaps a happier time than the old one. Mr. JOLLEY said that as far as the actual merit of either principle was concerned he believed there wag nothing to choose. If they got a really competent and suitable man they would obtain splendid results by either method. He would not vote either way. Mr. Gill also abstained from voting. ! The Board decided by a good majority to adopt the new system of a chief medical officer who should be non-resident, with a resident deputy-medical officer. The salaries were flied at £lOO each. The other minutes were approved. THE INSPECTOR'S STRICTURES. "TITTLE-TATTLE AND EVIL-SPEAKING."

At the close of the meeting the Chairman invited Mr. Lowry to address the Board, jocularly remarking that they liked to be flattered. Mr. LOWRY said he wished the Board a happy New Year—a happier one than the last one had been. It would be mere affectation to stand there and say noth- ing about the unfortunate occurrences which had taken place, and he hoped they would be more fortunate in their medical arrangements in the future. He might say from his own knowledge of things—and he hoped I they would not take it amiss—that in the Warrington Union there was perhaps more tittle-tattle (Mr. Mather: That is true)and evil speaking,he was very sorry to have to say, than in any other Union in his district. It was a matter which he regarded with great pain, and ; he hoped they would feel he was speaking as though he I were himself a member of the Warrington Board of Guardians. He tried to identify himself as much as be I could with every Board with which he came into contact I and he took a pride in the honour of every Board in which he was concerned. He hoped and prayed they were not to have any scandals in his district such as bad appeared in other parts of the kingdom. Therefore, he said these words—which they might regard as offensive—because although they had not started on the downward path, he could not help thinking their faces were turned rather in that direction. He was not speaking like that without very fair reason. He had experienced in his own person the extreme readiness there was on the part of some members of the Board, at all events, to give heed to scandal uttered by quite irresponsible persons and to accept statements as true without any evidence at all I behind them. If that sort of thing was going to take place on the part of many members, they were bound to come to a bad scandal eventually, and he hoped they would avoid that. The way to avoid it was to act with more corporate feeling. It was impossible for one who had observed the recent proceedings not to see that there had been a great deal of partizanship on one side or the other on the Board, and he thought they would be wise to avoid individual action on the part of I Guardians. They must remember that an individual Guardian was no-one, but that all action must be done by committees or by the Guardians as a body. It was a very valuable privilege that members of the Board possessed of visiting the Workhouse. It was only one of recent years which had been granted to individual Guardians and it might I very easily be abused. He thought individual Guardians should remember when they visited the Workhouse that they were not there to listen to any gossip that might be heard but to see for themselves 1 how things were going on. He must apologise for having preached a sermon and for having refrained from any flattery but he thought it was the part of a friend to refrain from it and be hoped they would not feel hurt at anything he had said. He had not the least doubt that every member of the Board was most anxious that the whole of the adminis- tration should be pure and economical and proper in every way. All that was necessary in order that those results might ensue should be that they should all work together as one body and not impute motives to one another, hut to admit that other people might be honest as well as themselves. A PROTEST.

Mr. FORSTIAW : I resented the remarks of the Judge in this case. and I shall dissociate myself from any tittle-tattle. I say this Board is not guilty of the charge. The CHAIRMAN : There may be differences of opinion about that. I would suggest that if the Chiar- man of the House Comm itteo wants to put any specific question he should do so. Mr. FORSHAW : I shall give my position up if lam going to be covered with a charge like this. I resent it. The CHAIRMAN: You are only one of twenty-eight of us.

Mr. FORSRAW : I am not that one, any way. (Laughter.) The Rev. T. R. MATTHEWS : We are very much obliged to the Inspector for the words of wisdom he has spoken to us. The meeting then closed.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

00UNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday, Dr. Murray in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Ball, D. Mather, W. Houghton, R. Forshaw, J. Backhouse, A. Brooks,W. Stanier,J. C. Sutton (clerk), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor), F. W. lierfoot (inspector), and Dr. Sephton (medical officer).

===== 0002601_19080111_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
' H-12.4-111"1-1 OF TFIII DISTRICT..

Dr. SEPHTON reported that the number of births during the month was :—male s 14, females 9, total 23 ; and the deaths, males 12, females 17, total 29. The death rate from all causes was equal to 284 per thousand against 15 the average for the last three months and against 17 for the corresponding month of last year. Eighteen deaths had occurred in the County Asylum, Winwick, and the death rate proper for the district would equal 108 per thousand of the population. The death rate from zvmotic diseases was equal to •13 per thousand against 1 the average for the last three months and nil for the corresponding period last year. The report was adopted. SPECIAL POWERS,

-- -- A letter was read from the Local Government Board which stated that they wonld proceed to invest the War- rington Rural District Council with the powers of an Urban Authority under Section 161 of the Public Health Act. 1875, with respect to the township of Winwick- with-Hulme, and declaring the expenses incurred in the assertion of these powers to be special expenses charge- able upon the contributory place in question.

Ng W TELTIORAPH LINZ. The StruveYon produced his report, which stated that he had an applicntion from the Post Orrice Engineers for the Council's permission to erect an over- ground telegraph line along Pennington's-lane, Collins Green, earl he asked for the line to be placed under- ground. The application was granted ; the Surveyor to report further at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RIXTON AND WARBURTON BRIDGE..

--- The CLERK irft% instructed to write to the :11anchester Ship Canal Company with reference to the Rixton and Warburton Bridge, asking them to improve the bridge as it was not in a tit condition. V;IDNES CORPORATION BILL. _

The CLERK said he had written to the Widnes Corporation for a copy of the above bill. The object of the bill was "to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Widnes in relation to their Water, Gas and Market undertakings and the Widnes and Runcorn Bridge undertaking, to authorise them to provide and work omnibuses and to make further and better pro- vision for the health improvement and good govern- moot of the Borough of Widnes and for other pur- poses." Ile did not think that the cLuses of that hill ' were very material in regard to those relating to motor buses running into their district. It was not like tramways as the roads were not pulled up. lie had written to Mr. Mann, the clerk of the Prestwich Council, and told him that his Council was more interested in the matter than the Warrington Council, Another clause of the Bill stated that the Widnes Inspector could come into certain parts near Warrington to inspect cows whose milk was infected with tuber- culosis.

Mr. BACKHOUSE objected to that as both the Widnes and Warrington Corporation officials would come and inspect cows at Cuerdley. The matter then dropped.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ADULT SCHOOL.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Interesting Experiment at Warrington.

THE MAYOR AND INFANTILE MORTALITY.

To its numerous institutions Warrington has added an adult school. It opened on Sunday morning at 8.45 at the British Workmen's Coffee House, Borsemarket- street, and is an attempt to solve to some extent the everlasting problem of " How to reach the masses." The school will meet every week at the above time and it is intended to be a genuine brotherhood. It will be unsectarian and democratic, every man having a voice in the management. Well-organized adult schools consist of gatherings for Bible study with educational classes, lecturettes on scientific, hygienic and other topics, savings banks, libraries, coal clubs, social and recreative clubs, &c. Nearly 500 new schools have been opened in England in three years an there is every indication that the Warrington enterprise will be taken up with enthusiasm. The inaugural meeting, was held in the Kendrick- street schools on Saturday evening the Mayor (Alder- man Smethurst) presiding over a good attendance. Amongst those present were :—The Misses Smethurst, the Revs.W. Eracecamp and C.Hary y-Cook, Councillor Ball, Dr. C. R. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. C.Jackson Holmes, and Mr. J. A. Ransorne.

The MAYOR pointed out that the school was particu- larly intended for working people and if it did some- thing to remedy the evils which prevailed in our midst it would deserve God's blessing. In the Town Council recently there was a discussion on infantile mortality and his friend the Rev. Sidney Pitt had also made some remarks on the question. He (the Mayor) had often felt it would be a good thing if they could accomplish the object the rev, gentleman had in view—the establishment of a ladies' committee to visit the slum districts and advise the parents as to the feeding and general treatment of their children. He suggested that if such an orgtnization could be formed in connection with the adult school it would be a great help. In Huddersfield and Halifax similar effoas bad been pro- moted with great success, the infantile death rate having been considerably reduced. He trusted the adult school woo It fulfil its objects and bring comfort and happiness to many homes. (Applause.) The Rev. W. Bit ACECAMP related his experiences of an adult school for med in connection with the Parish Church at Sheffield. It met every Sunday morning at 8 o'clock for fifteen years. It began with eight mem- bers, and when he left there were 400. What could be done in Sheffield could be done in any town. (Applause.) It might he said that there was no need for such a school in Warrington. but he contended that there was, because in spite of our free education and the advances we had made, there were plenty of men who could not sign their names or could not write properly. At Sheffield they used to give writing lessons for an hour, and then divide the school into classes for the purpose of Bible study. If they had such an organization in Warrington to teach men general knowledge it would do a valuable and important work (Applause.) Mr. H. RUSSELL BRAYSHAW, one of the secretaries of the Manchester District Adult School Union, said it would rest with the school to play an important part in the civic life of the town. The last seven Lord Mayols of Birmingham had all been members of the adult school and he confidently hoped for the time when the people would apply the same rule to their Members of Parliament. (Laughter.) The movement was making tremendous strides, for the adult schools had now well over 100.000 members. During the past year they had been adding to their membership at the rate of 1,000 per month. Mr. Brayshaw emphasised the need which , existed for the truest and broadest education. Drunken- ness, idleness, lack of thought, ignorance in domestic management were only too apparent for whilst we had progressed in the things in which the State helped the individli,l we had not made corresponding progress in those things in which the individual helped himself. Another nerd of the times was true fellowship. There was room for fellowship between people of all denominations and creeds and the adult school aimed at fostering that spirit. The school would be a co-opera- tive religious society. (Applause.) The Rev. C. HARVEY COOK said he was glad that demphasia was 'hid on religion in connection with the school. It was a good thing that they could have movements in which all could participate and fraternise for the good of each and all. Everything which was uplifting for a man or woman to do was religious, because it went to broaden and widen the human vision, to help them to grasp something of the majesty and wonderful beauty of the world. While the school would have its time allotted to Bible study it would also undertake the study of social questions and science. The sneaker also laid stress on the inculcation of thrift and commended the introduction of home safes by the Warrington Savings Bank. In answer to Councillor Ball, the Rev. W. BRACE. CAMS' said that at first the school would be for men only and it would close in time forattendance at morn- ing service at the chunihes. In other towns there were schools for men and women. . . . .

Dnring the evening songs were very pleasingly given by Miss Plinston. Mr. Norman Moss skilfully played violin solos and Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes delighted the audience with pianoforte solos.

MY DEAR As I write I cannot ,‘elp thinking ot puor little children you have helped during the last few weeks with nice warm clothing. Next week I hope to publish the names of the winners of the prizes I promised. I feel this Competition has done so much good that I shall commence a fresh one for January and February, and shall offer prizes for the best articles received during these months. In the recent Competition several prize-winners emitted to give their full address. Will any of my members who have not received their Chocolates kindly send me a line, and I will at once forward the waiting boxes?

With lots of love, UNCLE NED.

CHRISTMAS STORY.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am one of your new mem- bers. I like reading the "Children's CorDer " very much. I am writing a little story for Christmas. It is called LITTLE MAY.

"Mamma," eaid May, "it is Christmas Eve to-night; will Santa Claus come?" "Yes," said her mother, "you had better write down what you want." May got a piece of paper and v9rote, "I want a large doll and mail-cart, some bricks to build castles with, a necklace, a story book, and anything else you like to bring me." She handed it to her mother, who read it, and then threw it up• the chimney. Her mother got her some supper and took her to bed. "I don't think I shall go to sleep until I have seen Santa Claus," May said, as she got into bed. But she was very tired that night, and was soon asleep. About midnight Santa Claus came. He thought he would have a joke, so 11-?, put twopence in May's stocking; the other things he tied up into a package and put them at the foot of the bed, on the floor. When May awoke next morning she shouted, "A Merry Christmas!" and jumped out cf bed to see what was in her stocking. But, cnly finding two- pence, she began to cry, and said she would not ask Santa Claus for anything else. But then she spied the package, took it, and jumped into bed, shouting, "Hurray, hurray, hurray!"

's CHRIST _ CHOICE. Winnie lived in a caravan, and slept in the funniest bed ever you saw. When Winnie had gcne to bed one night she lay thinking about her mother, who had died a year ago.lt dsh was Christmas, and Winnie knew what Christmas meant, for she had not always lived in a caravan.

Winme's father often got drunk and beat her and her little brother Alfie, and she was deter- mined to run away. But whom could she run to? She did not know of a relative in the wide world.

As she lay thinking these things over there came a knock at the door of the caravan. Winnie sat up in bed, feeling very frightened. She heard a silvery voice outside saying, "Do not be afraid, Winnie, but open the door." Winnie jumped up and opened the door. What do you think stood before her? A shining angel. The angel said, "It is Christmas, and know you would like a present. You can only have one thing, so think well before you make your choice."

Winnie first thought she would ask for a nice new dress; then she thought she would ask for a lovely new hat; then she thought she would ask for a great big doll. But something said to her, "It would be selfish to ask for any of those things," and then she thought she would ask for a big wooden horse for her little brother, Alfie.

" Be quick, Winnie," said the angel, have many other errands to go." Then the thought came to Winnie, "Ask that your father may give up the nasty drink." Yes, thought Winnie, that would be best cf all, so she said, "Please, kind angel, I would like father to give up the nasty drink." 'N "You have chosen well," said the angel, "and it shall be as you wish." In the morning Winnie thought she would tell her father what the angel said. As she told him he looked very thoughtful. But when she bad told him he said he would give up the think. Winnie threw her arms round his neck and kissed him.

"for I

" But you shall have those other things you wished for. I will buy them with my money instead of buying drink." He kept his promise, and took Winnie and Alfie to live in a nice house.

LIZZIE SUTCLIFFE.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l should like to be one of your nieces. I am six years old. My mother always reads pieces to me out of the" Children's Ccrner." I am sending you a piece of poetry, which I hope you will like.

WHAT PUSSY SAID. Helen, with her kitten Sitting on her knee. " Pussy, dear, now won't you Try to talk to me? "Yes, my pretty darling, I'm sure you could Say a little something, If you only would. Now, I'll ask a question; Answer, pussy do! " Whom do you love the very best?" And pussy said, "M -you!"

MA.BEL BLAKE.

CONUNDRUMS. What is it you break immediately you name it 7—Silence.

Once in a minute, twice in a mdment, but not once in a thousand years I—The letter M. Why are washerwomen great travellers?—Be- cause they are continually crossing the line and going from pole to pole. Why is St. Paul's like a bird's nest 2—Because it was built by a wren (Christopher Wren). Why is a new-born child like a donkey's tail? Because it was never seen before.

Why was "Uncle Tom's Cabin" not written by a female hand ?—Because it was A% tittell by Mrs. Beecher's toe (Beecher Stowe). Why is an idle schoolboy like a postage stamp I—Because he is licked and put in a corner and made to stick to his letters.

Why is Europe like a frying-pan?—Because it has grease in it (Greece). A. IL HALL.

--4.?,;:-._,-,;::-.161,,,'::.,ri.::ti,:w.:,:neft,411i..f*.•Nii,-,,,..7..;.,,,,,::: s':4SY_,,_.„' pi! !•.5'•*',,',',V..,....„,...,F.r10...A::tr,1'7,1t1! :,W 1!.• , C igs ::,,,‘::,..,.:.......!..t, ',. 0.: i '. n- -:-!..*T ;,77: #'' :2 v' " .:::::;:: siki(i.4 _ N :.:.„..,,,,:„.,...1.....,...,g!,.. , ....,...„......„..;,.1....v„...;...,..: ...,„:..„..::,:.•..i„.:::.;„.:. .„,,,.,.....:.: :.:.i.i,.....,,...1.:,.....,,:.„...,,,...,.....K.f„ Lq1.,...:.4,,.....:,i5:.....,„.,:,..t!.:, ~,,.F.,.....ii.;::,.)..1.),,,,;:•-:.4:,..),„::::.......:,;,;r:,- 4, „..",..„i:;igi.,:.. -,.&::.?:.v:p-,:,:v..,..,..-:.:3*-.. . ... . :„..-„g,,,,,,,. pi,,,,,:. ...: -- 4 ....•:-.:!:'" •••••:':.'.,:gt::;' . .-:.'7.es• ' ' • ,fl'a• , UNcLe ~.„7„..-,,,,., , ~,..n'...Y..;,Z, , - ...'::,-,.. NED. '''''. '', \AmekNi....'4/: ' i: 4 . ti' t'' g 1,•• X.V.:,..i..i....5..., TO ,„;.;4....t........4.,:?.,,,Ht ~..,,i.. . , ..•.4(.4•,,'• . *?...5.t/Ael •- ir.lV-syV .. CHILDREN, WINNIE''-- '-- ,f the)

===== 0002601_19080111_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
-4- A SIMPLE REMEDY.

Said to Relieve Rheumatism, and Anyone Can Prepare it.

Thousands of men and women who have felt the sting and torture of this dread disease which is no respector of age, person, sex, nation or rank, will be interested to know that while for many years rheumatism was con- sidered an incurable disease, now it is one of the easiest afflictions of the human body to conquer. Medical science has proved that it is not a disease in itself, but is a symptom caused hy inactive kidneys. Rheumatism is uric acid in the blood and other waste products of the system, which should be filtered and strained out in the form of urine. The fundt,i.on of the kidneys is to sift these poisons and acids out, and keep the blood clean and pure. The kidneys, however, are of sponge- like substance, the holes or pores of whioh will some- times, either from overwork, cold or exposure, become clogged and inactive, and failing in their function of eliminating these poisons from the blood, they remain iii the veins, decompose, and settling about the joints I and muscles cause the untold pain and suffering of rheumatism, and backache, often producing complies; tions of bladder and urinary disease, weakness, etc. 1 The following simple proscription is said to relieve i the worst cases of rheumatism, because of its direct I action open the blood and kidneys, relieving, too, the ; most severe forms of bladder and urinary troubles Tincture Gentian Compound, one ounce; Syrup Rhubarb, one ounce ; Liquid Barkola Compoued, one I ounce ; and Syrup of Ginger, five ounce. Mix by shaking well in a bottle, and take one teaspoonful after each meal, and one before retiring for the night. The ingredients can be had from any good chemist, and being purely vegetable, are entirely harmless, are safe to use at any time.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THOLUCK'S CHRISTMAS-TREE.

The Christmas-tree is sometimes called Christ's tree, by the G4rmans. Their children usually speak of it as the sugar-tree; for, in their eyes, its attractiveness is due to the candies and sweetmeats which it brings. The tree has taken root in our land. But its growth will be promoted if we surround it with the simple tastes and quiet " amusableness " which have made it grow so luxuriantly in its native soil.

An English clergyman, while a student at the University of Halle, was invited to celebrate Christmas Eve at the house of that eminent Christian scholar, the late Professor Tholuck. His description exhibits the simplicity and child-likeness cf mind with which the Gerrnans enjoy their Christmas-tree. }-le says:

"Down each side of the room into which we entered—there were sixty students invited—was a long table. In the middle of each table was placed a large Christmas-tree profusely lighted up with little wax tapers and decorated with cGloured and gilt papers. "On each side of the two tables were ranged plates filled with small cakes and sweetmeats. Before each plate lay a kind of plum-loaf, and at the side a book or books.

"The room opened into the professor's study, in which there was also a table. On it were a Christmas tree, a miniature representation of the sliepheAls t2nding their flocks, of the ap- pearance of the angels, and of the manger, with it heavenly Child, with Mary and Joseph standing near. There also were plates with cakes, books, and small articles of dress. "As soon as the visitors had greeted their hcst and hostess, four students struck up a chorale.

"When they ceased, Professor Tholuek re- minded his guests of the great gift which the festival commemorated, and begged them to accept the little gifts he had laid by their plates..

" Each one was then requested to look for his plate and book, which was indicated by a slip bearing his name. On every slip Tholuck had also written an aphorism, such as: Thou, 0 God, hast made us for Thyself, and our heart is restless, until it rests in Thee ' ; 'We can only know God by living a divine life'; 'First receive the kingdom of God as a little child, then press into it as a man.' "lea wits then handed around, and the company separated into mall groups for conversation. After they had thus spent the hours, Tholuck read a few verses in the New Testament, commenting on them, and closed the evening with a brief prayer. "The guests then gathered their cakes, leaves, sweetmeats, and books, and bidding their hest and hostess good-night, departed, filled with a quiet delight."

POMPW AND VANITIES. • A rather pompous, gaily-dressed lady said to her Sunday class: "Give me an illustration of the pomps and vanities of the world."

The answer of one of her pupils was honest but unexpected: "Them flowers in your hat, miss." NOT FAIR.

Mollie had been to church for the first time, and on her return home her grandmother asked her what she thought of it. "I liked it very much," che replied, "bus there was one thing I didn't think was fair." " What was that, dear?" "Why, one man did all the work, and then another came round and got all the money."

A RIDDLE. Question: Why is it dangerous to go out in the wood in spring? • Answer: Because the bulrush is out; The oxslip about; The flowers have pistils; And the twigs are shooting.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW LUCKY IT WAS!

Crack! Boom! Bang! Down the kitchen stairs they • heltered and skeltered—plates, dishes, knives, forks, beef-bones gravy, and potatoes—the entire trayful of crockery' which Jane was carrying from the dining-mom. Not a salt-cellar remained unbroken, noti a scrap of provender left fit for to-morrow's lunch. Within the dining-room the man and the woman sat spellbound in agonised silence. Then the man buried his face in his hands, and thought how far it was to pay-day, and how close it was to quarter-day. "Jane'!" cried the wife, springing up at last from her chair, and rushing into the p:-.ssage. "Oh, Jane, what have you done?" The servant met her with a beaming counten. Sale° :

" Oh, mum," she remarked, "it's only the dinner-things, mum. What a good job- it ras hadn't washed them up I'

ELIZABETH BRE ARLEY.

What did Adam first set in the Garden ot Eden?

Answer: His foot.

W. BOWEN.

Question.—lf a 'negro was to drop a certain Christmas dish, how would it affect the world? Answer.—(l) The fall of Turkey. (2) The overflow of Greece. (3) The breaking up of China. (4) The cry of Hungary; and (5) The humiliation of the negro. EDITH KING. THE CLUCKING HEN. "Will you take a walk with me, My little wife, to-day? There's barley in the barley-field, And hay-seed in the hay." "Thank you," said the clucking hen, "I've something else to do; I'm busy sitting on my eggs, I cannot walk with you.

FOOTBALLS Given away weekly. v. 414 Every competitor receives something. EVERY TUESDAY during DECENIRNR, ANUARY and FEBRUARY we will give awny SIX SPLENDID FOOTBALLS for the six most interesting Postcards we receive di:ring the preceding week. YOU CAN PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either A GOOD jOUE, STORYETTE, CONUNDRUM, PUZZLE, s:....E.ren, or anything elso that von think is lateresting—ANYMlNG BUT A LIMERICK—and if your postcard is among the SIX best received in the week in which it is sent, you will receivon FOOTBALL. To every competitor, he he or she PRIZE WINNER or not, will be sent a sample bottle of

MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE.

ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY: Newhall & Vfiasol3, fieitingham.

Good.! It's Mason's Coffee Essence.

.- 200 YEARS A SECIMT. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN 'MOWERS.

--- For 20 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its cmative actin is wonderful in all kO cases of WOUNDS CUTS, BRUISES, LEGS, and all SKIN TBOUBLF S.

• It at once soothes and heals. and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. la ntioy casts of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have desna red. r rae for 1405ampS. GRANNIE COMPANY. N

===== 0002601_19080111_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

JANUAR V. F1i0.4 %%ARRINGTON Acton Forage-7 14, 740, 8 10,10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15. 2.55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 9 58, 11 42, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 430, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, U 8 p.m Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Tolhot-road)-5 30, 7 11, $ 35, 9 53, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. al 54, 4 39, 6 28,7 20,8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Chester-7 34,87, 8 54, 95, 10 28, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 140, 158, 230, 3 19, 4 22,4 45,5 6, 64, 7 54,8 5,10 18,11 35 11 57, p.m. Sundays-8 42, 10 45' Lm. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23,10 10, 10 55 a.m. 1225, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbnry-7 34,9 sa.m. 12 39, 230,3 19,5 6, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. . Earlestovrn-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15,2 45,3 45,3 50, 15, 637, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 746, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 3 6, 6 4, 7 54,9 5, 10 20,a1 1 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 pm. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30; 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 8. 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays' 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 adn.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40, 5 35, 7 5, 7 54, 8 5, $ 50, 95, 950, 10 35, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 1 10, bl 13,1 50,2 17, 2 50, 3 13,3 50, 3 56,4 5,4 10.4 50, 52, 5 50, 62, 7 5, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, 1015, 10 40, 510 42, bll 15,11 39, 11 52 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40, 535,90, 9 55,11 20 a.m. 220, 239, 446, 6 22,7 10, 828, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 823, 919, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 20. 7 8, 740, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. oSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 240,328,510,60, SO, 10 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, 5711, 85, 823, 835,919, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 1219, 115, 241, 2 45, 3 31, 3 50, 4 26, 5 15, 553, 6 33, 7 20; 8 6, 922, d 940, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15, 60, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. d Mondays and Saturdays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 53, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 955, 10 55, 1122. 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 155, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 22 a-m 30, 3 15, 4 57, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 125, 1 10, 255, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows--2 55,54 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18.12 25, p 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 633, 720, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 746 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 88, 8 35, 10 25, 11 22 a.m. 1218. 541, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, it 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 50,0 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 3 47, 5 15,6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p in. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 80, 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Slturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23,9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0. 9.23, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5.8 35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, 12 0 a.rn.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 2,136.20,6 30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35' am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. algondays, „Wednesdays, arid Saturdayi only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (Land N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30. 7 5, 8 35, 9 53, 1055, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 350, 446, 5 13, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. „ 35, 3' 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 11 5 a.m. 120, al 0, 1,1 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alO o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, h Saturdays only. Sundays 00, 935 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

TO WARRINGTON FRONT Acton Bridge-6 41,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 30, a 3 0.3 55, 4 36, 7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 50 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesc:ays and Saturdays only. Blackpool cr„ct N..vv,)-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 20, 11 10,a.rn.1 15,a1 30, 3 9,5 8,9 43,8 15,830,b9 1.0, 18 5, blO 25 pan. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 15, 4 50, 8 50, 10 15 Pan. a WArlonsdays'andSaturday3 only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 9 40, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sunchys 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 9, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, h 4 20, 7 25, 8 45. 0 40, 10 12. 10 10, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 4 10, 5 15. 5 23, 6 30, 7 25, 8 10. 8 50 p.m. Stmdays 2 25, 4 20,6 40, 7 15.a.m. 0 55 p.m. b NfondAys excepted. aNlondays

nod S,..turdays only. c SAt,n4-lays only. - Collins Greon-6 30, 7 9, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 20, 35,4 1, 5 38, 8 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 430.0 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Dares'oury-8 11, 10 17,11 13 a.m.2 49,6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 726 it.M. 747 p.m. Dunham Flill- 7 39, 9 52. 10 32 a.m. 2.22, 35, , 47, 822 p.m., Sundays 649 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestrorn-7 2,7 13, 847, 8 51. 9 13. 9 45, 19 26, 10 26, 11 21 a.m. 1233, 114, 23, 3 27. 5 10, 543 552. 6 55, - 743, 88, 910, 934. 1047. all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 833, 953, 957. 103 a.m. 3 43, 7 24,10 2 p.m. Fiddler.' Ferry and Penketh-79. 8 53. 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3. al2 57, 24. 3 27. 54. 62. 6 53. 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57.8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsliam-7 53.9 0, 10 I, II I, a.m. 231, 49, 5 44,6 53, 831, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 pm. Golhorna-3 .14,8 23,10 12.a.m. !2 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. fielahr -7 -16. 8 56, 9 57.10 57. a.m. 2 27, 4 4.1 27 5 40, 6 54, 8 27, p.m. Sunda 651. a.m. 7 18, p.m. ltrlain and CadVshead-G 19, 6 49, 733, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54. 3 51, 8 55. 14 20. n.m. Sundays 921,11 0, cm. 1 20, 2 22.6 55. 8 59, 101) P.m. Latob funi-7 55. 8 40. 9 22, 102. 11 11 a.m. 1 20. al 45, 2 13. 3 0, 333, 426. h 533. 07, 6 49, 739, 952, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. h SAturrlays eseppted. c Arpley. Sun-lays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpnnl (C.L.C.)-510, 6 30. 7 30, 7 49,8 13, 8 30, 8 31, 920. 030. 933. 943. 1030. 115. 11 20,11 33 11 50 a.m. 12 30, 12 43, 13, 1 31; 1 45, 2 30, 2 40. 2 43. 40, 4 39, 4 33, 4 43. 5 30. 3;36, 830, 635. 7 30, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 31, MO 50, 11 0, 11. 7,5 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Satnrdsys only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45. 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 2303 20. 3 55, 4 30, 6 15, 6 30. 830, 9 35, p.m. Liyarpool (L. tt N.-W.) -a 235,5 50,6 10, 7 50, 85, 8 37), 9 5. 9 30, oss, 11 0 a.m. 12 2'i, 1 20. 2 45, 30, 3 35. 4 20. 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 90, hlO5, 10 45, h 1113 pm. a Mondays only. h Saturdays Only. Sandi ys 7 33.9 20 5.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15.10 45 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14; 9 54.11 3 a.ra. 1 11, al 37, 2 5.2 50, 830, 4 IS, b 5 31. 550, 641, 731, 9 43, 11'33 p.m. a Satnrds ys only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 8 15 a.m. ' 2 25. 7 15 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30.7 30,733,9 30.a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 3O ..m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30,3 45, 4 30, 4 33, 5 30, 6 0 630 635

===== 0002601_19080111_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
10, 730, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20, 10 20, a 1055, 11 0 p.m. 7aSaturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 95, 9 $O, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5, 60, 6 35, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Alauchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, am. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 35, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 9 5, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 730. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays exLepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 4 8,4 55, 37 3 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al 28, 144, 37, 1 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 100 a.m. 340, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. s Saturdays only. Padgale-6 27, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,90, 10$ a.m. 1 20, 8 0,2 15,5 5, 6 18,7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 2 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14, p.m. Ru2corn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 24, 14, 3 7,4 40. 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. 185,140, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 36, 6 23, 7 25, 8 26, 982,11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. Southport-8 6, 90, 10 15, 10 40,12 25, 1 30,-2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,89 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. ( Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 81$ 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 29, 2 55, 3 34, 422 b 35, 63, 645, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, /19 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 38 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20, 4 56, 520 6- 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 239, 930 a.m. 3 25, 655, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 35 a.m.12 36

===== 0002601_19080111_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES.

Northern Rugby Union. The following fixtures have been arranged for the season :

WARRINGTON.

1907. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Leigh ...... „ 14 Rochdale Hornets away 10 5 „ 21 Runcorn home 14 0 „ 23 St. Helens Oct. 5 Oldham „ 12 Runcorn CL.C.) away 15 2 „ 19 Widnes „ 26 Leigh L.C.(2nd rd ) away 11 13 „ 28 Barrow Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 Ebbw Vale away 16 0 „ 16 Rochdale „ 23 Broughton away 3 8 „ 30 Wigan Dec. 7 Swinton home 33 0 „ 14 Oldhain „ 21 New Zealand home 8 7 „ 25 Leigh „ 26 Widnes Dec. 28 Hull 1908. Jan. 1 Runcorn „ 4 Salford „ 11 Barrow „ 18 Swinton away „ 25 Broughton home Feb. 1 - „ 8 Bradford away „ 15 Wigan away „ 22 „ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 7 Bradford home ' „ 14 „ 21 Ebbw Vale „ 28 April 4 St. Helens home

===== 0002601_19080111_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

1007. For Agst. Sept. 7 Halifax 14 Leigh . asioky. 3 7

„ 21 War-rington away 14 0 „ 28 Wigan ' home 0 9 Oct. 5 Swinton away 21 2 12 Warrington (LC) home 2 t 5 „ 19 St. Helens away 17 11 Nov. 2 Oldham 9 Merthyr home 19 0 „ 16 Merthyr away 13 15 „ 23 Widnes „ 27 New Zealand home 9 0 „ 30 Rochdale Dec. 7 Hull away Postponed „ 14 Widnes ~ 21 Barrow It 25 St. Helens home 19 0 , 26 28 Huddersfield home 27 9 1908. Jan. 1 Warrington „ 4 Rochdale ,. away , 11 Swinton home ~ 18 Wrgan away ~ 25 Hull home Feb. 1 Salford

9) 8 15 Barrow " 22 Leigh „ 29 Cap-tie Mar. 3 Halifax

14 21 Broughton ...... away . 28 Oldham

===== 0002601_19080111_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD-AGE ECZEMA.

Woni-trful Cure at 90 by Zarn-Buk.

"SrilN NOW CLEAR AS A BABY'S."

Many cases of chronic: eczema and obstinate ulceration, from one to sixty years' duration, have yielded to Zain-Buk thus proving beyond question this vegetahlo balm to be of unique purity and of unparalleled skin-healing power. Now comes the greatest proof of all—the final triumph which places Zim-Bak above all ordinary skin-medicines. Mr. James Stall-wood, of the Cottages, Prestwnod, Great Missenden, has just been cured, at nearly Oil years of age, of old-age eczema. The doctor called Mr. Stallwood's a hopeless case. yet 2: tm-131:c not only brought him relief from the itching, but expelled the disease and renewed his skin until it was "as clear as a baby's." To the" Bucks Examiner " the veteran said : " List January a rush broke out On the lower part of my burly, and nearly covered my legs.. My legs got greatly inflamed, and the irritation was so very bad that I could not rest at night. After this had gone on for some time f had the doctor. He described my ailment as old-age eczema,' and said nothing could cure rne. He gave me some lotion, but neither this nor many other things I tried', did me any good. I had to take to my bed, and my legs became so had that it seemed as if my flesh was putrid. Week after week I lay in torture, too weak to get up, and so despondent that I thought I was going to die. " Fourteen weeks passed by like that, and I suffered shockingly from the maddening irritation. Then my nephew visited us,and immediately recom- mended Z The first dressings allayed the irritation, and I began to have more rest. Then I had another box, and at the end of la fortnight 'I was able to get up. I continued with Zeus-link, and got rapidly better. The irritation ceased entirely, my legs healed up, and soon the eczema was all gone. Now my skin is as clear As a baby's." M " Nobody," interposed r. Stallwood's daughter, thought may father would live through it. The doctor told me it was a hopeless Case, but Zara- Bilk acted like magic !" •

Writing a few days ago, sir, Stanwood, who is now in his 99th year, says :—" My skin is still as well and smooth as whet' I was onred by Zam-Buk. I am still withouta blotch or disfigurement on me." . . .

Only Ziin-Bnic with its remarkable ruedicitvil juices anti unique belling properties could he expected to successfully treat a case. so difficult as Mr. Stanwood's. Z•vn•Bak dispels disease and grows new healthy skin in a most wonderful way, whether the pitialt be oil or young. Dr. Andrew Wilson's Is toilsome cloth-hound book, " Homely Talk on First-Aid," worth 25. lid. ; post free for lid. from Zara-Bak Co., Leeds.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
, „ „ • • . . , •

7-

===== 0002601_19080111_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
xamml

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS

THE CHELIFER, OR "FALSE SCORPIOIC." A note in the Zoologeftt reeorils the occur- rence in n; Manchrster 'bakehouse of a species of chelifor which: has only iltely become known .as a native cf Erito.in.: Facts rather point to an introduction from abroad. Fot up to 1892 only four specimens had been re- corded, while since that date it has turned up in -many parts of the country. The chelifers are the nearest approach to true scorpions -which occur in this country, and being very scorpi,on-like in shape, have .obt•sined the title of " false scorpion.' One Cr .1116T1 is the book-scorpion, an inhabiant of old, books, while others are parasites on flies. •

BACTERIAL LOCOMOTION. While some bacteria are quiet, others move about rapidly. The movements are produced, says Science Siftings, by the swinging of whip-like protoplasmic processes known ,as the flagella or cilia. The flagella may be borne singly or inl numbers at one end of the body, or may be i scattered over the entire surface. In most bacteria we can distinguish a permanent longit dinal axis, and along this . axis movement taken place. Thus both the : form, and, in coqespondence with it, the ' movement, are more definite than in anunba. . If the bacterium is quiet, we can predict that when it moves it will be in the direction of this axis. For ameba, such a prediction can- not be made. In some bacteria the two ends are similar and movement may take place. in either direction. In others the No ends differ, one bearing flagella while the other . does not. DEATH AND EVOLUTION. Death, remarks 'Dr. Minot, in a lecture, is not 'a universal accompaniment of life. In the lower organisms death does not occur as a natural and necessary result of life. Death with them is purely the result of an accident, some external cause. Natural death is a thing which has been acquired in the process of evolution. Why should it have been ac- quired? It is due to differentiation. When the cells acquire the additional faculty of passing beyond the simple stage to the more complicated organisation they lose some- thing of their vitality, something of their possibilities of perpetuation; and as the organisation in the process of evolution becomes higher and higher this necessity for chanr becomes more and more imperative. But it involves the end. Differentiation leads up, as its inevitable conclusion, to' death. It is the price which the higher organisms must pay for their power of differentiation.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
POISON IN PERFUMES.

It is believed that strong perfumes have power to intoxicate and benulb, and though workers in perfume laboratories are occasion- ally so much affected as to need medical aid, . _ _

little attention has been mid by physiologists to the effect of odours. But a German physi- cian has made a series of exneriments which fully confirm the popular belief. The experi- ments were not made on human beings, but on frogs, which were put under glass with sponges saturated with various essences. The effects are similar to those of chloroform. There is a brief stage of excitement, followed by partial or complete paralysis. Although many odours were used, they were found to differ in rapidity of action, and the notori- ously heavy and " beady " musk was found to be one of the slowest. Camphor, peppermint, lavender, and cloves are also slow, while aldehyde, turpentine, elder flower, ylang ylang, "peau d'Espagne," asafcetida, bisul- phuret of carbon, mustard, and nicotine act quickly and energetically.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RATE OF FORMATION OF COAL.

At a meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Mr. F. E. Junge set forth some interesting facts regarding the rate of formation and the rate of consump- tion of coal. The great German chemist, Liebig, calculated that a hectare (nearly 21 acres) of farm, meadow, or forest land in middle Europe would produce 21 tons of dry organic matter. This is chiefly cellulose, which contains ,40 per cent, of carbon, and it is estimated that at the above rate the total annual coal production of the globe would be

13,000 MILLION TONS. Only about 1 per cent, of this potential coral, however, is actually preserved as peat, lig- nite, coal, oil, or natural gas. The annual consumption of coal, on the other hand, is estimated at 1,000 million tons. Thus, al- though the potential yearly formation of coal is thirteen times the annual consumption, the actual storing up of fuel smounts to little over an eighth part of that consumed. And Mr. Junge points out that of the coal con- sumed hardly 5 per cent, of its calorific power is actually utilised as heat, light, or power.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRDS AND THE DARK DAYS.

In an interesting address to the Scottish Natural History Society, Professor Schafer calls attention to the influence of davliaht in determining bird migration. Put briefly, the explanation of migration set forth by Pro- fessor Schafer ia, that the summer migrants come north to take advantage of the longer days, and go south again to avoid the short and dark ones. They require all their time to get sufficient food for thems:elves and their voracious young, and hence the extra daylight of the north in summer is an advantage to them. , In winter the short days do not allow them time to get sufficient. For most birds, it is pointed out, .require daylight for feeding. Professor Schafer points out various objec- tions to the old explanations that migration is due to

===== 0002601_19080111_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
COLD AND WANT OF FOOD.

Many species, for example, leave this country while it is still warm, and food still abund- ant. Nor does he admit that the migratory instinct may have originated in the cold of the glacial epoch driving the birds south- wards. The migratory instinct, he points out, is so widespread that it must have been evolved along with the powers of flig7it. And in Tertiary times a mild climate extended over North Polar regions, so that . the sug- gested cause was absent when the instinct was evolved.

It has been noticed by many observers that birq migration is largely independent of weather, and this is difficult to ex.plain on the assumption that temperature is one of the chief determining factors. But if, as Profes- sor Schafer thinks, the

RELATIVE LENGTH OF DAYLIGHT • is the cause, then the times of migration might be expected to be as regular as the lengthening of the days. The difficulty that the spring migration begins before the vernal equinox, when the days are still longer in the South, while the autumn migration begins while they are still longer in the North, is noticed, but, the 0/osc thinks, not very satisfactorily disposed of. Some time ago, it is pointed out, Seebohm, in his monograph on the plovers, suggested that they migrated, not in,search of food or warmth, but of light. And a Swedish poet, Enneberg, reflecting on the autumn departure of the birds from his country, concluded that it was a

===== 0002601_19080111_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LONGING AFTER LIGHT

which led. them South. The motto of the bird of passage, he said, is Lux inea dux. The dif- ference between these views and thoe of Pro- fessor Schafer is, that the latter ' dreg not think that migrating birds are attracted by light as light, but only as a means of allowing them time to obtain a larger supply of food. Like other theories of migration, that of Professor Shafer is not without its diffienl- ties. Is there, it may be asked, sufficient dif- ference in the length of a day in this country and in North Africa to make it worth a swal- low's while ,to leave the sunny shores of the Nile on account of the extra dayligm,? And if a short extra time of daylight is enough to determine migration .how is it that all, or ,most, of the swallows visiting Britain do not po to the North of Scotland? There apuear to be as many breeding en the south coast of I:ngland as in the Orkney and Shetland islands. One of the most accomplished of. modern ornithologists, Herr Giitke, declared that migration is a "riddle which has hitherto defied every attempt at a solution."-

er, Saturday January 11, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
The E

THE NEW ZEALANDERS RECORD.

The New Zealanders' record to date is as follows : For. Against. Opponents. G. T. PTS. G. T. rts. tiramley Huddersfield Widnes _ 4 6 26 ... 1 3 11

Broughton Rangers Wakefield Trinity 1 1 5 ... 1 1 5 Leeds

St. Helens

24 ... 1 1 5

Merthyr Tyclyil Reighley 0 3 9 ~. 2 1 7 Wigan 1 2 8 ... 0 4 12 Barrow 0 1 3 ... 0 2 6

Hull . Leigh Oldham q 1 7 —. 1 2 8

Runcorn

0 0

0 ..: 0

Dewsbury and Batley Swinton Rochdale Hornets `) 5 19 ... 0 0 0 Bradford Halifax 2 0 1 ... 0 3 9 Yorkshire 7 3 23 ... 2 0 4 Warrington 2 1 7 ... 1 2 8 Hunslet 4 1 11 ... 4 1 11 Salford 0 3 9 ... 1 0 2 Wales Hull Kingston Rovers 0 2 9 ... 0 1 3 Cumberland 3 1 9 ... 3 5 21

61 71 335 ... 32 50 214 Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. 27 15 10 2

===== 0002601_19080111_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. - FIRST DIVISION.

BurtonTrood A.F.C.- .----1211-1. b 41 8 22 Fairfield OughtringtonPark 7 6 0 1 30 8 13 Palatine Rylands' Res lO 6 4 0 16 24 12 Lymrn Warrington Central Monks Hall Penketh Latchford Warrington St. Paul's ll 3 8 0 16 30 6 *Burtonwood Social ll 1 6 4 15 38 4 St. Barnabas' Res lO 9 8 0 7 34 4 *Two points deducted for playing ineligible man. SECOND DIVISION. Orford A.F.O Warrington St. John's ll 8 2 1 30 15 17 Walker's St. Elphin's Warrington Central Res l2 5 4 3 27 21 13 Warrington St. Mary's ll 4 6 1 23 27 9 Arpley A.F.O ll 4 7 0 28 22 8 Oughtrington Park Res 9 2 5 2 19 19 6 Fairfield Reserves 7 1, 3 3 8 13 5 Monks Hall Reserves Park Juniors Results for January 4th. Warrington St. Paul's 2, Latchford 0. Burtnnwood Social 0, Burtonvrood V.C. 4. Fairfield 2, Warrington Central 0. Monks Hall 2, Rylands 0. St. Barnabas' 0, Oughtrington Park 3. Warrington St. John's 4, Walkers 1.

Matches for January 11th. Lvmm v. Penketh. Burtonwood Social v. St. Barnabas'. Warrington Central v. Monks Elan. Walkers' v. Orford. St. John's v. Arpley.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
SAFEST FOR CHILDREN.

An exceedingly successful Remedy for COUGHS et..ND COLDS.

Madame Coralie de Lorraine, the well-known editor of the famous lady's paper," Le Follet," in letter to a consultant, writes the following praise of Veno's Lightning Cough Cure, the world-wide remedy for coughs,colds' and chronic chest and lung troubles: "I strongly advise you, especially with children with delicate chests, never to be without Veno's Lightning Cough Cure; there being no narcotic .or poisonous ingredients of any kind in its composition, it can be given to the youngest child with perfect safety, and having a pleasant flavour is taken willingly. It is a most valuable medicine to have in the house, and has just cured me of a severe attack of bronchitis. •

" Many well-known medical men think most highly of this household remedy, and leading British Analysts look upon it as a very valuable discovery, it can be bought at any chemists, and is one of the two or three valuable patent specifics in which I most sincerely believe." Ask at any chemists for Veno's Lightning Cough Cure, price Is. lid, and 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
W3r

TIMRA COTTA, PORTABLIE, FOR COAL.

ROBERTS'S (Improved) PATENT. For Bed-rooms, Green- houses, Sick -rooms, or almost any pnrpose. z-ure and amp!e beat 24 hours for about id, withotit attention. Pamphlets, timings, and Testimonials sent. In daily use at Patentee's.

THOMAS FORIMTS, 34, VICTORIA BT. VQR2TISINbTRI3. LONDON,

FREE Insurance Guide by Independent Experts. Apply :—Rivrns &Co., 11 Queen Victoria Bt., London,

LAMES TO ENSURE a tas:y aimier, and please their co )k. sno .11 dre.sent thew w,th a fd. packet of Gravo-Thick kuo wn ea Yeraud's Gzavytbick. If your llniv,rsui ero r can- not supply pa 1.5 k him to write to Inventors, Yerand CO., Honor Oak Park, London, S.F.. Refuse 1..4,,dti0n5.

!I4 r ~ ' . , g

===== 0002601_19080111_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

THE VI ANT 07 THE DAY.

CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS :No Wore SOFT LINEN iwhen Starched Used in the Royal Laundries. ebouid ha uspd In every house. ONCE 'FRIED,

ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKY. NEW. Ihe greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for impart-fog an Ivory Finish t.terchrd I men. Laces. etc. It does tot etick to spider-web like materiels. br Grocers, eh.rni.ts. Stores, eta in packets at Id., Zd., end 61. each. .RED RY T. CRITCHLEIT, CIIKSIHT BLACKBURN.

PREPA

===== 0002601_19080111_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
AMETHYST --EWELSo

Prettiest, and the Most Charming Wear.

INEXPENSIVE AND VERY EFFECTI VE.

Broociles, Bracelets, Necklets, Pendants, Rings,

===== 0002601_19080111_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
etc., &c.

A methy sts are symbolical of Truth & Sincerity.

Selections sent on

Approval.

loloured Sketches Free.

LONDON, E.C.

r,fFoR THE BLOOD THE LIFE."

TIN§

3ZENGE

===== 0002601_19080111_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
lite

greatest evoices )gr own ivingroom

Doesn't such a fascinating possibility appeal to you P Then drop a line to-day for "Price Book 20," which gives particulars of our various cylinder and disc models, and our extensive repertoire of records, wiila description of the special COLUMBIA features which account for the distinctive " true to life" reproduction you always get from a "COLUMBIA." COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., Gen't., 04 h 60, OXFORD STREET, LONDON, W. Or..A.scow: go. Union St. CARDIFF : trf, St. Mary St. MANCHESTER: 54. Market St. Dealers Everywhere.

7 ti t singet ol es -4(.-_-=.- / in , i •,,,„„. _ yol 011 ' kdv (l•- ree Ton - -Ak . . i w iitsz.7., bY, _ ..,...... means' of a ----- :-. cgill, 1,1 , ~ . 1

• ,

===== 0002601_19080111_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDSOME FREE CIFTS,

With each order for one Dress Length of our NEW WYLWYRWELL FABRIC, value 7/6, 8/11, or 9/6. we shall present. absolutely free, a Silver Brooch, Charm, -love Mirror, Seal, or Hat Pin, all Hall- marked and worth from 1111 to 2,6 each. HOW TO PROCEED.—Write at once for Patterns and full particulars and select which artlclit you prefer.

7 '1

===== 0002601_19080111_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Patterns and Price List Post Free (need not be

returned).

LUTAS LEATHLEY 8c CO., lA, Wylwyrwell Warehouse, ARMLET, LEEDS.

ON THE WAVE 9 POPULARITY

FFEE

f THE CO. RNY BODY ;CAN - Ar.qtrE. 6 ( , -77 ' - - 5 7 : / " &-T • "

• f. •44- • „?4 ,

~...•.* -0' -,,,....,•-f!, 5:, : , . . ,:i'.:,•.;

, • • •

%

O

===== 0002601_19080111_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

TELEPHONIt No. 355 Y•

PRINTING.

Of," EVERY DESCRIPTION JOHN WALKER & CO..

PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
LITHOGRAPHERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &0., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
EYE.CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

NVOICPS, Rolerl or Pln. printPrl to any sue or pattern on blue. white or fancy parer.

ADDRESS or VP,ITING CARDS Printed from plef. or type.

(IIRCLARS in Him wolteat stvln. from meld ern type, end of the 1"Allt svemlrmannhip.

P OGPAMMEc fnr Pnt.Prtninmento, :Concert@ &C.. In the latest artistic rtyle.

gPFCIAL fsoilitirs for all kinds of EPIICATION skonnxsi.

QICK, RECNi PT. and SUBSCRIPI lON BOOKS Prlntod, nonnd, Numberad and Perforated to oni.r.

TT kNDBILLR, in large or small quantities, cheap Kyle effective.

HYMN PAPPRS for 8(thonlo, SArtnnnP, EPTrif!Rq of Rong. Verfloalt.

(IATALocTTE p Pijhlie in 4 Prirato tihrariat, Auctioneers anrl Tradosmen.

PRI C LIRCS4 Printen on e4r4 or pnppr Iflu trntwel, If reanlrPel.

JOEIN WALKTCR & CO.

coNTßlpurroN cARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTPB:ts4 RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES: POST CARDS)

CRICKET FIXTURES. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PR INTIN

rA GRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDRLR9 AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME Booxs, MILL WORK, CATALOGRIIS, CLan R ULNA, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS, NYTED AT SHORT NOTTCRA.

POSTIMS OF ALL SIZRS

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS. Attention le Invited to our Neste ITIMITS/T9 OF TYPO

agd WOOD LETTRR kr Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS OF NHAT POSTERS RXTRA LAROB SIM 40 z BO One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTINIATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

I

===== 0002601_19080111_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

'EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, IVARRINGTON

• • „ • ~ I

'.:'-''.4'...:-'4..,.,...-, ...i::ii.;6-.7A-:i..1',:-'' 7.5..',.;!!::,1;«,1

===== 0002601_19080111_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OLUMBI

===== 0002601_19080111_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in I all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not sater than Thursday. The Mayor and the Nursing Association Sir,—Referring to my letter which appeared in your issue of December 21st, I have much pleasure in announcing that I have received the following further i promises towards the £3OO required to relieve the War- rington Nursing Association from debt, viz. :—William Long,Esq., F. Monks,Esg., F. W.Monks, Esq., Charles E. Parker, Esq., and Colonel Buckton. As I now only require five more contributors of £2O each to entitle the Association to the £3OO I make a further earnest appeal to my friends to help me to raise the balance.— I am, Sir, your obedient servant, JAMES SMETHIJRST, Mayor. .Town Hall, Warrington, 10th January, 1008.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Junior Liberals.

Sir,—May I trespass on your valuable space, to bring before the notice of your readers the general move- ment that is making progress among young Liberals all over the country. There have. I think, always been a number of the younger members of the Liberal party who have wished to at least try to understand the problems of their own day. Unfortunately there is not always a good oppor- tunity at hand for the study of political questions. The movement to which I refer above is to supply this opportunity. Briefly this movement is an attempt to organise scattered Associations formed in various parts of the country for the study of political questi.,ns and also to promote the formation of kindred Associations in localities where this has not already been done. My reason for bringing this before your notice at the present moment is that the New Year sees the amalgamation of the" League of Young Liberals " with the Young British Liberals Federa- tion " the Lancashire and Cheshire branch of which your readers will remember organised the mass meeting in the Parr Hall last year :hen the Right Hon. S. Buxton M.P., was the principal speaker. The combined forces are to be known in the future as "The National League of Young Liberals" with head- quarters at 5, Duke-street, W.C. The Officers at present are : President, Franklin Thomasson Esq., M.P. ; Chairman of Executive,C. F. G.Masterman Esq., M.P. ; Treasurer, A. Partington Esq., M.P. ; Secretary, J. Aubrey Rees Esq. There are already 100 branches 20. being in London and 80 in the Provinces with a total member- ship of 13,000. Locally, arrangements are well in hand for the forma- tion of a Lancashire and Cheshire Federation (consist- ingof 15 branches and 1,500 members), which is to organise branches in this district and to help existing branches to be mutually helpful ; while in Warrington' the Junior Liberal Association has become a branch of the League. The main points in the policy of the League are : To promote Education on Progressive Principles. To maintain Free Trade, support the movement for the taxation of Land Values, to advocate Progress in Municipal Affairs and to support the Liberal Party. If any of your readers wish for further information about the League, either Mr. F. Godwin Lloyd, of 12, Stockport-road, Ardwick, Manchester. or myself will be pleased to give whatever information we can. In Warrington itself we shall be very pleased to welcome anybody desirous of joining our local branch at the weekly meetings, particulars of which are duly advertised in your columns.—Yours Sic„ HERBERT W. GUEST.

4. Palmyra-square. Is Interest Robbery ? Sir,—l am sorry that Mr. Reeves' last reply does nothing to help us to anssser the above question. In the instances I gave I showed that the hirers of horse and cart and of machine after paying to the capitalist some part ot the produce by way of interest have left for themselves a net gain in labour products over unassisted labour. The capitalist sacrificed again that which would have been his if instead of hiring out his capital be employed it for his own use during the period it was on hire. And I asked the question if the user claimed not only the net extra he got in his labour product, but refused to pay anything far hire or interest and appropriated this in addition, as advocated by Socialists, would not he be the robber? Why cannot this question be answered ? It is perti- nent to the issue we ate discussing, and goes to its root. Perhaps Mr. Reeves has over-looked it and can find time to answer it next week. If Mr. Reeves pleads that he has not time then let some other Socialist take it up. I want Socialists to stand to their guns or withdraw the charge that" Interest is Robbery. What we have good reason to complain of in the action of the Socialists is the frequency with which they make random charges and when asked to make them good, run away. They preach a creed which they are afraid when challenged to put in practice, a creed for show and not for use (see John Workman's last). They confuse capital with land and monopoly ; rent,the element of risk of loss of principal, wages of superin- tendence and profit with interest. All these are mixed up its a hopleess jumble, and brought into the dock under the names of capital and interest and charged and condemned as robbers. Arising out of an instance I gave to show that capital assists labour and therefore ought to be rewarded by the payment of interest, Mr. Reeves misquotes my question as follows :—" Has not the inventor of the sewing machine to be paid for his labour ?" and replies "Certainly he should be, but the present system does not decide where the payment for inventors shall end. 4.tc..' Now I never said anything about the inventor of the machine, 1 never used the word. What I did speak of was the maker of the machine,and Mr. Reeves should not ascribe to me a word I never used. The payment of inventors is an entirely different matter, and has nothing to do with capital and interest, and 1 deprecate confusing the discussion by enlarging its limits. Let us get one subject settled at a time. Mr. Reeves says 1 have dropped the query "[s capital the enemy of labour ?" Not at all, that is the question I tried to answer by my illustration. I showed by a typical instance that capital was labour's friend and helpeethat the use of capital in the form of the sewing machine saved the seamstress 3s. after paying Is. interest for the use of the machine. Mr. Reeves asks me if I think a number of the people in Warrington are comfortably well off because 15,465 have on the average ,C 27 in the Savings Bank. I do not see that it matters a whit in regard to the definite issue between us what I think on this point, although it would have its importance if we were dis- cussing other issues. I mentioned the fact along with a reference to other channels in which the working people invest capital and earn interest, to show that the state- ment of Mr. Reeves that the present form of ownership of capital divides Society into two great classes was far from accurate, and to ascertain if possible where his supposed dividing line was drawn. The fact is there is no such division. There is no dividing line or chasm, but what is more akin to a very gradual upward slope which is continuous from bottom to top and which happily our people as a whole are steadily if slowly ascending. I regret that Mr. Reeves indicates that he has no time further to continue this correspondence. If be has less time than I have he is sadly over-worked and would have some right to claim to being " A White Slave." He is entirely mistaken if he thinks that I have leisure to engage in this and like correspondence as a sort of " intellectual gymnastics." To me the matter is too important, too serious, to regard from the light of an intellectual amusement. The general subject of which this issue is a part affects the well-being of every unit of the community ; it is one which profoundly concerns the well-being of the race. Upon it much of the future comfort and happiness of our people depends and therefore calls for the earnest thought, and sacrifices if need be, of all who care for the commonwealth and commonweal. To look upon the only outcome of this argument as resulting in the conclusion "We agree to differ " seems to me to call in question the sovereignty of truth and the power of human minds honestly to appreciate and acknowledge the right that is brought forward. Both of us cannot be right, and for my part if Mr. Reeves can show me where I am wrong be will he find me will- ing and ready to acknowledge it, on the other hand if he can be shown to be wrong, I doubt not, as an honest man, be will acknowledge it. To anticipate that such discussions will only culminate in an agreement to differ it is a counsel of despair. 1 I am obliged to Mr. Reeves for suggesting for perusal Ruskin's " Unto this Last" and Karl Marx's Capital." lam fairly familiar with both these works, especially with the latter,but a re-perusal will no doubt be useful and if I can cast my opinion of the teachings of Karl Marx, in his undoubtedly able work, into a form which will be la general interest I may send it for publication. CHARLES E. PARKER. Penketh, January 7th, 1908.

EXTRACTS FROM " PROGRF.S AND POVERTY." BY HENRY GEORGE. - CliAl"rEß 4.

"The belief that interest is the robbery of industry is, I am persuaded, in large part due to a failure ta discriminate between what is really capital and what is not, and between profits which are properly interest and profits which arise from other sources than the use of capital. In the speech and litera- ture of the day everyone is styled a capitalist who possesses what, independent of his labour, will yield him a return, while whatever is thus received is spoken of as the earnings or takings of capital, and we everywhere hear of the conflict of labour and capital. Attention has already been called to the fact that land values, which constitute such an enormous part of what is commonly called capital, are not capital at all ; and that rent, which is as commonly included in the receipts of capital, and which takes ' an ever increasing portion of the produce of an advancing community, is not the earnings of capital ' and must be carefully separated from interest. Nothing can be capital, let it always be remem-•

===== 0002601_19080111_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080111_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 11, 1908.

bared, that is not wealth—that is to say, nothing MR FREDERICK MONKS can be capital that does not consist of actual, tangible things, not the spontaneous offerings of nature, which have in themselves, and not by proxy, the power of directly or indirectly ministering to COMPLIMENTARY DINNER AT THE human desire. When James I. granted to his minion the OLD ACADEMY. exclusive privilege of making gold and silver thread and prohibited, under severe penalties, every one else from making such thread, the income which Buckingham enjoyed in consequence did not arise Interesting Reminiscences. from the interest upon the capital invested in the manufacture, nor from the skill, &c., of those who ; really conducted the operations, but from what he Mr. FREDERICK MONKS, J.P.' who recently left War- got from the King—viz., the exclusive privilege— ringtou to live in retirement at Southport, was enter- in reality the power to levy a tax for his own pur- tamped by the Warrington Society at a complimentary poses upon all the users of such thread. From a dinner at the Old Academy on Thnrsday evening. The similar source come a large Part of the profits representative gathering testified to the respect in which whi2li are commonly confounded with the earnings Mr. Monks is held and during the evening many appreci- of capital." ative references were made to his valuable public work. Mr. Oswald Lofthouse presided and there were also present : Ur. Frederick Monks, the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Aldermen Bennett and Forshaw, Councillor Fulton-Smith, the Rev. C. Harvey-Cook, Messrs. H. M. Ashton W. W. Dimmelow, J. Fairhurst, Thos. E. Gibson, L. dreening, H. Grosvenor, E. J. Hall, A. M. Ker, J. Longland, C. Madeley, F. W. Monks, J. B. Naden. J. Moore Murray, Hansen Owen, C. E. Parker, J. Richardson, jun , W. Richardson,F. R. Roberts,Henry Roberts. El. G. Roberts, F. G. Ruddock, J. H. Smethurst and F. G. Taylor. The arrangements had been made by a committee consisting of Mr. Oswald Lof thouse (chairman), Mr. John Fair- hurst (hon. treasurer), Alderman Bennett and Mr. E. J. Hall (hon. secretaries). An excellent dinner having been served, a toast list was gone through. The toast of The King " was honoured on the proposition of the Chairman.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. RUGBY FOOTBALL By " Ovalist." Frost cancelled nearly all football on Saturday, and only four Northern League matches were played. Warrington should have met Salford, but the Wilders- pool ground was hard as adamant. No doubt the club will lose financially as a result of the postponement, but in other respects Warrington were fortunate in not having to play. Owing to injuiries they would have been obliged to put a weak team in the field and were by no means certain of victory. When the match does come off, the homesters may be better situated as regards players, and in that case there will be no fear of the result.

LETTERS OF APOLOGY.

Mr. E. J. HALL announced the receipt of numerous letters of apology for non-attendance. The following are extracts from some of them : _

Mr. WILLIAM LONG (president of the Society) : We must all feel grieved that Mr. Monks has found it neces- sary to sever his connection with the business life of his native town where he has so long borne so strenuous and honourable a part, but we will hope that the step he has taken will have the effect of prolonging a life that we feel law will still be devoted to the public good wherever he may be. He has set a noble example to the younger generations in Warrington and shown that it is possible to combine successfully attention to a large and growing manufacturing concern employing large numbers of men, with a keen and active personal interest in the municipal, social and other work of the town and neighbourhood. He has well earned the leisure he seeks and may he live long to enjoy it, occasionally looking up his old friends in Warrington .and especially at the Old Academy to which he has been a good friend,and he may rest assured we will take care of his " old Oliver " and try to keep his memory green. Rev. CANON STEVENSON: I should like to have had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Monks and at the same time testifying to the respect in which he is held both in regard of his personal character and of 311 the , generous aid and civic service which he has rendered to Warrington. Mr. J. MALIN EDELSTEN : I quite agree that Mr. 11VIonks's valuable services to the town of Warrington ' and his interest in the Warrington Society merit the deepest gratitude. • Letters were also received from Dr. Markel, Messrs. William Monks, J. W. Slack, W. H. J. Jenkins, J. A. Ransoms, Martin Nicholls, T. J. Lee and C. Jackson Holmes.

Though there has been no play there are plenty of interesting football topics. First and foremost comes the international match between New Zealand and England at Wigan to-day. This is probably the most important match of the All Blacks' tour, and they will be anxious to beat the chosen of England, especially after having failed by a single point to beat Wales.

This is the first time the Northern Union authorities havn had the pleasure of picking a genuine English international side, and everyone is interested in the kind of job they have made of it. The team was announced on Saturday and is,as follows :

Full-back : H. Taylor (Hull). Three-quarters: A. Hogg (Broughton Rangers), left centre ; J. L9mas (Stlford), right centre ; J. Leytham (Wigan) left wing; and P. Eccles (Halifax), right wing. Hall-backs: H. Wallace (Hull) and J. Flynn (Broughton Rangers). Forwards : Padbury (Runcorn), Wilson (Hunslet), Fergusson and Smith (Oldham), A. Robinson (Halifax) and Beetham (Broughton Rangers). Reserves : Full-back, W. Little (Halifax) ; centre three-quarter, G. Dickenson (Warrington) ; wing three-quarter, H. Farrar (Hunslet) ; half-back, J. Baxter (Rochdale Hornets) ; forwards, J. Bartle (Halifax), B. Avery (Oldham), and J. Clampitt (Broughton Rangers).

To say that the team gives general satisfaction would not be anywhere near the truth. No Inter- national side ever did give satisfaction before the match. There is always a host of critics ready to cavil at the selections and scoff at the team. Person- ally, I feel like joining the scoffers, for the first real English N.U. team is surprisingly constituted. Neither Oldham nor Hunslet, the only undefeated teams in the Union, have a single back selected. The full back and threequatters will pass muster, with the exception of Hogg. I always understood that the Broughtonian was a Scotchman. He certainly came from Hawick in Scotland, and unless he is of English birth he should never have been given the preference over Gecrge Dickenson, the first reserve. Exception might be taken to Lomas on this season's form, but he is capable of such brilliant work that in the absence of Wilson he is a safe selection.

The selection of the half backs is the most amazing, and it would be interesting to know the reasons which actuated the Selection Committee in choosing such an odd pair as Wallace (Hull) and Flynn (Broughton Rangers). Wallace has played for Yorkshire, but has by no means a great reputation outside his own district. Albert Goldthorpe, the skilful leader of the Hunslet team, ought to have been given the preference before any Lther half in the Union. Years notwithstanding he is still without a superior at the base of the scrum, and never had an equal as a scorer of goals. But what about Flynn, the man whom Swinton parted with and who has never had a regular place even with Broughton ? In fact it is not certain even that Flynn is a half back, and to cap him before such class men aslWhite (Oldham), Brooks (Warrington), Jolley (Runcorn), Hilton (Halifax), is an incomprehensible choice. Broughton Rangers have three men in the team and it looks as if they had been specially favoured in the distribution of inter- national honours. There is room for improvement in the forwards, but on the whole they are a good lot, The young Runcorn lad, Padbury, is to be congratu- lated on the honour which has so soon been given him.

Taken all round, the English team is not one which inspires great confidence, and- I should not be sur- prised to see the All Blacks win to-day. Combination among such a mixed lot can hardly be up to the best standard and if the halves do not come off there is sure to be some hesitancy behind. I should like to have seen Dickenson chosen. Be is well worth his place this season and may get bis chance yet seeing that he is first reserve for both England and Lancashire.

The Lancashire match with the All Blacks tikes place on January 18th, and the following is the selected thirteen from the County Palatine. Back: H. Gifford (Barrow). Three-quarters : J. Leytham (Wigan), left wing ; B. Jenkins (Wigan), left centre; A. Hogg (Broughton Rangers) (capt.), right centre ; G. Tyson (Oldham), right wing. Half-backs : J. Baxter (Rochdale), J. Jolley (Runcorn). Forwards : R. Padbury (Runcorn), A. Smith (Oldham), J. Beetham (Broughton Rangers), F. Ruddick (Broughton Rangers), F. H. Shugars (War- rington), and A. Buckler (Salford).

Reserves.—J. Sharrock ( Wigan), full-back ; G. Dickenson (Warrington), centre three-quarter ; C. Creevey (St. Helens), wing three-quarter ; W. D. John (Salford), half-back ; B. Avery (Oldham), J. Spencer (Salford) and W. Cheatham (Wigan), forwards.

This is, in my opinion a better team than the English side, and would be further strengthened by putting Dickenson right centre and Hogg wing, in place of Tyson. After all the warnings he has had Jack Fish has missed the highest honours of hi b career. Everybody had hoped that he would have made special efforts this season to keep fit and in form to take his place in the English team. But his selection was impossible in the face of ,his recent weak displays and obvious want of training. Fish would still be the best wing in England if he lived the life of an athlete. To-day even the Lancashire team can do without him. How long will it be before Warrington knows him no mole as a playing m,.mber of the club ?

Congratulations to Frank Shugars on his Lwcashi re cap. The burly Welshman is a rare worker in the scrum and deserves to follow in the steps of Board- man, Preston, Thomas and Naylor as County for- wards.

If frost does not cause another postponement to-day Warring-ton should journey to Barrow to play the return fixture with the Furness men. Lees, Jenkins and Taylor are still absent through injury and the selected team is :—Tilley, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Diclieason and Jordan, three-quarters; Brooks and Lloyd, half-backs; Thomas, Shugars, A. Boardman, P. Boardman, Belton and Heath, forwards.

--- The " A team is due to play a Combination match at Wilderspool with Pemberton. Team :—T. Knight, full back ; Lander, Kenyon, Tinkler and Harrison, three-quarters ; Cartwright and Daintith, half-backs ; Jolley, Forster, Kettle, Morley, Holbrook and Preston, forwards.

-- When Warrington played Runcorn on New Year's Day one of the excited Runcorn pressmen sent a report to the " Daily Dispatch " which stated that " Harrison was deliberately kicked in the chest by a Warrington forward." I remember the incident, and while there was some rather reckless footwork there was certainly nothing like a deliberate kick at the Runcorn full back. The Warrington Club were annoyed at this reflection on their sportrnanship and Mr. Ashton wrote the " Despatch with the result that an explanation appeared on Wednesday, which accepted the Warrington version of the incident.

'had taken and continued: "Now Monks, Wilson- FREE CHURCH COUNCIL. Patten will not live in Warrington very much longer. It is getting too smoky for him. The place for a park is the Town Hall gardens and for the acquisition of -- -- them I will be willing to give a couple of thousand pounds. Rather than miss it, I will give £5,000." The IMPORTANT NEW DEVELOPMENT matter was kept secret until Lord Winmarleigh announced his intention of leaving Warrington and then AT WARRINGTON. Mr. Crosileld immediately made the offer of £5,000 ; towards its purchase. Other interests were, however, seeking land with the result that Mr. Crosfield The first week of the New Year is always observed authorised the purchase of the entire area at £lO,OOO by the Free Churches of the country as a time of in fact it actually cost him considerably' more. That pacial unite' prayer. Daring the past week meetings was an unsolicited act on the part of a townsman romital 1)7 th 3 S,l Ircia g to a ihaa Llaurch Connail have and he hoped there were still many men eon hell in the various local churches and have been in the town who were actuated by the same spirit al .rly well attended. and the same devotion to its interests. Ar. Monks briefly. touched upon his work as a niember of relief i THE OPENING NIEEPING. —. . . - . _ . _

===== 0002601_19080111_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080111_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
"OUR GUEST-MR. MONKS."

Mr. H. ROBERTS proposed the toast of the evening. He said he wished for many reasons that the toast had fallen into other hands. One reason was that he felt that as in some degree a contemporary of the guest of the evening he found himself getting to a period in years which unfortunately one did not reflect upon with a particular amount of gratification. On the other hand he would yield to no-one in the desire to pay in public that testimony of gratitude which every right-minded citizen in this town must feel towards one who for so many years had devoted the best of his intellect and his physical strength to the service of his fellow-men. (Applause.) They were honouring them- selves in taking that opportunity of not allowing their guest to depart from that intimate association which he had held so long with their town, without some recognition of a public character of the value of the work he had done. There were many sides to the character of their guest—his determination and pluck and his kindly generosity in regard to which he could say without any hesitation that there were many families in the town and district who were to-day grateful for the fact that Mr. Monks was a friend of theirs when his friendship was shown in a practical form and tended to alleviate burdens which wore heavy to bear. He (Mr. Roberts) did not know any man— and he spoke from a more or less intimate knowledge of public affairs in Warrington extending considerably over 30 years—who had in so varied a capacity served his town so well and in so distinguished a manner as their honoured guest. air. Monks had always had a high ideal as to the duties of public citizen- ship and, as far as a man could, he had lived well up to that ideal. As early as 1867 he entered' the rown Council of which distinguished body (laughter)—well, it was a distinguished body in those days, at any rate, and he dare say it was more dis- tinguished in some respects to-day than it was then— (laughter)—he was a member for 17 years. At that time it was necessary for a man entering the Council to possess a qualification proving him to be worth at least £l,OOO over and above his liabilities, but with the growth of democracy, of which some of them were proud, that qualification had been entirely dispensed with, and now it NV,S not necessary for a man to be possessed of £l,OOO or 1,000 pence, but he ought to be' possessed, although he was not legally required to be, of common sense and honesty of purpose. Having eulogised Mr. Monks's work for the Museum and for Education, Mr. Roberts said the one thing Warrington had to regret in connection with Mr. Monks was the fact that the town never honoured itself by making him its chief magistrate. (Applause.) It did, however, to some extent compensate him and itself by making him a freeman of the borough, which was an even higher honour. Mr. Roberts referred to Mr. Monks's work as a County Councillor for ten years. as a Justice of the Peace for Warrington since 1880,and as a member of the County Bench for many years. Warrington owed to him one of the few statues which existed in.the country to one of England's greatest commoners, Oliver Cromwell. He need not refer to Mr.Monks's other gift to the town, because he (Mr. Roberts) was one of those obstinate and somewhat short-sighted men who opposed the taking down of the wall in front of the Town Hall, and he lived to admit that that was one of the few mistakes —(laughter)—that he made during the eighteen years be had the honour of serving the town as a member of the Corporation. Tangible and appreciable as the other mementoes of Mr. Monks's association amongst them were, there was another which was greater and would have more permanent benefit for the town and district. He referred to Mr. Monks's practical and benevolent foresight in instituting the Nurses' Home—(applause)— an institution which maintained five paid nurses and la superintendent, and which last year was the means of alleviating sickness and pain in 15,000 visits spread over 500 patients, an institution which was every hour of the day and every day of the week doing something to allay sorrow and suffering. That, he claimed, was the greatest of all the benefits Mr. Monks had conferred upon the town. Mr. Roberts concluded by applying to Mr. Monks the words of Whittier Such is our friend formed on the good old plan, A true and brave and downright honest man Who blows no trumpet in the market place, Nor in the church with hypocritic face Supplies with cant the lack of Christian grace; Loathing pretence, he does with cheerful will What others talk of, while their hands are still. (Applause.) The toast was honoured with great enthusiasm, the company singing "For he's a jolly good fellow." MR. MONKS'S REMINISCENCES, Mr. Motexs, in responding, said he felt it a very great honour to have that compliment paid to him. He had passed his seventy-third birthday and he thought that if ever a man was entitled to some rest from a strenu- ous life, an age like that entitled him to it. (Hear, hear.) If it would be any encouragement to younger men in business, he might say that the motto which he adopted was "Courage and Eolith." He was very early in life associated with two of the best men %Varringtots ever had—Philip Carpenter and William Robson and from them he imbibed the feeling that the highest life that a man could live for his fellow men was to devote himself to their service. He was profoundly thankful if the expressions which had fallen from Mr. Roberts represented the feeling of his townsmen, that he had been able to do it with clean hands. (Applause). Whatever bonoura had come to him had come unsought. He had never in the whole course of his life been a party to any intrigue and, like a man putting his armour off, he could honestly say that so far as he knew, he had never defrauded any man to the extent of a halfpenny. One of his first ideals was to work out if possible the principle of co-operative manufacturing. He started, in conjunc- tion with is friend whom he was glad to know was still living, the Warrington Co-operative Society with a view to the amelioration of the conditions of the working people and he subsequently tried to realise a manufacturing industry for the workmen themselves. But the jealousy, misunderstandings and misrepresenta- tions that one was subjected to completely demolished that ideal. As a man whom some of them would know, Henry Whitham—now living out in America—said, he had too much sense to go no beating the windmill sails and so that led to his forming the Whitecross Company. It was true that he had devoted a good many years of active service to the interests of the town in many ways —(bear, hear),—both religiously and politically. If he were to narrate some of the incidents of his political career they would probably be amused. One story he would relate, because it would show the innate goodness of a man who=e name he hoped would always ho remembered in Warrington— Gaorge Crosflehl. Mr. Monks referred to his own opposition to the proposal aNu;sition of one of the Arpley fields offered by Mr. Wilson-Patten aid said that after that scheme had been defeated he was talking Ito Mr. Crostleld who congratulated him on the stand he

===== 0002601_19080111_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Church.

New Year's &LC-lay was flttiogly observed at this church. In the morning there was a special service for young people conducted by the Rev. Alfred Lee,minister of Emmanuel Church, Bootle, who is always a welcome visitor to Wycliffe. He held the interest of the children by a capital address full of apt anecdotes 2nd illustrations. Special hymns were heartily sung. At the close of the service the Pastor (Rev. J. Yonge) dis- tributed Bibles to the 31 young people, about the age of 15, who had been attending bN annual Catachumen class. It was the 27th anniversary of that class, which has bad in the long course of years 770 young people in ite membership. Mr. Yonge said that many former members of the class had no doubt passed away, whilst others were scattered in many parts of the globe, and others were in the membership of Wycliffe and other churches in the town. ,From tokens and evidence which he vtas happy to receive from time to time he. knew the class had done great good, possibly to a great many more young people than he knew about. He hoped some of the lesons which the members had gained would linger in their memories and that the Bibles would find honoured places among their personal Possessions. In the evening the Pastor preached upon the Wycliffe motto for the New Year, Love the brotherhood "(E. Peter ii. 17). There was a large con- gregation. The Ordinance of the Lord's Supper was observed at the close of the service, when welcome was given in the name of the church to several new members.

For Chronic Chest Complaint, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
speaker regarding a certain amount of prejudice which existed in the minds of some towards Foreign Missions, said he believed that the money subscribed for the spread of the Gospel in Foreign parts, was mostly con- tributed by those who supported the Mission causes and other philanthropic objects at home. The Rev. J. YONGE also took part in the meeting. Last night at Goborne-street Church, an interesting address entitled " Families, Educational Establishments and the young" was given by the Rev. J. S. Hughes. The chair was occupied by Mr. A. Mounfield. To-night at Friars' Green Church the Rev. John Yonge will give an address on "home Missions and the Jews," whilst the chair will be occupied by the Rev. F. Vaughan.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCUANGE OF PULPITS.

The annual exchange of pulpits has been arranged for to-morrow (Sunday) evening, when the following will be the preachers :—Wycliffe Congregational Church, Rev. Thomas Miller ; Bold-street Wesleyan Church, Rev. El. Wall ; Bowsey-road Wesleyan Church, Rev. J. S. Elughes ; Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church, Rev. J. F. Matthews ; Cockhedge Congrega- tional Church, Rev. E. J. Gawne ; Latchford Baptist Church, Rev. F. Vaughan ' • Penketh Wesleyan Church, Rev. J. B. Buglass ; Latchford Wesleyan Church, Rev. J. L. Milne' 13.0. ; Padget° Wesleyan, Rev. J. Yonge ; Emmanuel Reformed Church, Rev. W. Mellor ' • St. John's Presbyterian Church, Rev. S. Pitt ; Stockton Heath Wesleyan Church (morning), Rev. J. S. Hughes.

' committees and particularly Mentioned the committee MR. C. E. PARKER ANNOLTNCEIe' A NES S'e ele M E formed during the coal strike and the satisfaction ; The opening meeting wee held in the Leeh-street which it afforded him, when funds had run out, to write Primitive Methodist Church on Monday evening, the a letter which brought in £6OO to tide them over the subject being " Thanksgiving and humiliation." Mr difficulty. He had always taken an interest in the C. E. Parker presided and the speaker was the Rev. Infirmary and in the Nursing Association. He regarded , Sidney Pitt. the Nursing Association as the Infirmary at work out- , The CHAIR.MAN said that for some time the Executive side and he confessed to the feeling that they might Committee had had under consideration the fact that possibly overdo the work of the Infirmary. He thought ,in connection with the Free Churches there was no the workingmen ought to do something for themselves. I recognized system of work outside each particular They had shown a disposition lately to do that—(hear, church. The churches, he knew, were doing a great hear)—and he hoped the work of the Infirmary would : deal of useful Christian work but there was consider- not altogether depend upon the subscriptions of those ; able overlapping and neglect. The Executive had outside. It was a work which workingmen ought very , thought it desirable to devise a scheme whereby ' largely to contribute to, and if it was to come in this ,‘ the town would be divided into separate Socialistic age, he did not personally sea any objection , areas and eaeh church would have charge of to what he called Christian Socialisra—(hear, hear)— ' a particular district. Of course, one difficulty but he did object to that class of Socialism which i was that their churches were not distributed sought to use its political power erairely for its own i like the Parish Churches but were mostly in the centre , selfish ends. (Hear, hear.) He could only again thank lof the town. A scheme had, however, been drawn up them for the great compliment which they had paid but he did not want anybody he think there was any him and he hoped there might be many years in which idea of curtailing the energies or activities of any he would be able to enjoy not only their society but the church. The chief aim was that there should be no society of his own family. (Applause). part of the town that was not ender the special "THE IVARRINGTON SOCIETY." I province of some church. It would be useless for the The MAYOR proposed this toast, and said the members I Executive to map out the plan unlese the churches 1 of the Society had always been in the forefront in any I entered into the new system with zeal and earnestness. A largely attended meeting was held in the Council cause which would preserve to the own the mementoes ,At present many churches were side-tracked and were Chamber on Thursday evening, to consider the forms- of the days that were long since passed awaseand which getting into back waters in the stream of life. They tion of a Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society. served to remind them of many who in their time did yeo- merely looked after their own people and were quite The meeting was presided over by the Mayor who is man service for the town. He appealed to them to come unmoved, and had no interest in the great stream of life always willing to assist any praiseworthy object. The into the municipal battle,where one needed all the help , which flowed past their doors. There was a need for old Debating Society breathed its last 27 years ago, and that could possibly be given if they were to make the • the greater realization of their responsibility towards the aeolitioa of this Society was due, said one of the town in very trutha credit to all concerned. (Applause.) their neighbours. If it were possible fdr the Free speakers, to a few words spoken by an old member. Alderman BENNETT responded, and reviewed the work Churches of this town to rise to the height of their Anyway it has been decided to form another Society accomplished by the Society during the nine years of opportunity and claim Warrington for the Lord, what a and the large attendance showed that wide interest has its existence. He endorsed the Mayor's appeal that power they might be. He also believed it would be a been aroused in the project. e more members of the Society should undertake the due thing if in the smaller towns where it was iinpos- Th CHAIRMAN said he was very sorry to say that burden of municipal work. He hoped they would not sible foi. one denomination to form a central mission he hied to leave early, as he had two or three engage- be discouraged by that one serious blot on the public after the character of the Wesleyan Mission in elan. , meats to fulfil before he went home. He hoped they life of Warrington—the way in which Warrington dig- chester, all the Free Churches would unite to open such would form a Debating Society on similar lines to the , honoured itself in declining to give to their guest the an institution. ' one they had twenty-seven years ago. He was a member 'crowning honour of the Mayoralty. The Society, Tee Rev. SIDNEY Perr, after cordially endorsing the of that organization, but he was a silent one. He spent Alderman Bennett contended, had done a great deal to Chairman's remarks, said that one special topic of many hours with the old Debating Society, but he bad inculcate amongst the townspeople a feeling of justifi- thanksgiving was that a step had been taken during the not the courage then to enter into the debates. able pride in the ancient borough. He concluded by past year towards Methodist unity such as had never He was always in sympathy with anything for the benefit paying a warm tribute to Mr. Monks's public work, and been taken since Methodism came into being. He of Warrington, or which would inculcate and give know- specially acknowledged his valuable help to that Society, trusted that it might be the precursor of other steps of ledge and instruction on every useful subject. (Hear, "THE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON." even greater importance. The union had been con- hear.) He wished the Society every success and a Mr. C. E. PARKER proposed this toast which he said summated between three important Methodist bodiee prosperous New' Year. He wotild he very much obliged was peculiarly appropriate at a gathering when they had and they had become organically OEM They were sorry if Alderman Pierpoint would now take the chair. met to honour that fine old English gentleman, that t a that the force of union had not up to the present eePP lause •) grand old iron-side Mr. Monks. He believed those who moment touched Warriegton, that it had not united the Alderman PIERPoINT said he was there to revive were responsible for the government of the town would smaller Methodist bodies which were so powerful here memories of the old Parliamentary Debating Society find in the life and labours of such men as their guest a and also the great Primitive Methodist body with the in Warrington, which he was, like the Mayor, a silent constant inspiration. The duties and responsibilities of old mether Church. It was said that there were dell- member. He was very pleased to see so many of the those who governed our towns were becoming more culties in the way,but there always would be difficulties old members present that night. Mr. Osborne would onerous and important. The Council had taken over in the way of anything good. For his own part, he give them antidea of what the Debating Society hoped the charge of education and he saw the other day that ventured to express his strong conviction that no and intended to do. (Applause.) they were discussing the advisability of taking over the financial difficulty ought to be allowed to stand in the Kr. EDMUND OSBORNE said he had received letters selling of coal. (Laughter.) As a ratepayer, he trusted way of such a consummation and he firmly believed that of apology for non-attendance from Mr. W. H. Sher- that the Council would be very cautious in taking over if they could go to their people for another million burn, Mr. W. Ewart Plinston, Mr. E. Gordon Burgess things, which he very much questioned, with all their pounds to sweep away the obstacle it would be raised and one from Alderman Bennett, which stated that he ability, if they could do wisely and well. Although the very much more easily than the previous million was attending a complimentary dinner to Mr. F. present members of the Council might differ —and it was was. As to matters of church organization Monks or he would have liked to be present to assist a good thing they did—in regard to policy, he believed and government, ought questions of that kind, in arranging a new Warrington Parliamentary Debating they were all actuated by a desire to serve the best as between Christian brothers and sisters, to be Society. Owing to the multitude of engagements it w allowed to hinder re-union? There were things for would not be possible for him to take part in the die- that of the town. While the ratepayers recognized but he need scarcely add that he hoped the which he would fight to the last. He would not be a i 011Ssiong, that they had a right to expect from their Councillors the best that they could give, he thought the Coen, party to handing over the sacred deposit of Christian new society would be a success. (Applause.) Mr. cillors on their part had a right to expect from the doctrine committed to the Church to incompetent hands osborne, continuing, said he had been in communica- ratepayers—so long as they did their work rightly and or to any kirai of miscellaneous assembly, but as to tion with debating societies at Liverpool,West London, and Exeter. .They all knew what a Parliamentary matters of ministerial dignity, the Lord save him from well—their cordial support and co-operation. It was any kind of dignity that would stand in the way. Was Debating Society could do in Warrington. Matters could h be brought forward, discussed and thrashed out, 'easy to find fault and to find fault unnecessarily, hut he it not a humiliation to them as Christians to find them- thought they were rather apt as ratepayers to de selves split up and separated in the way they were ?d all he could for the benefit of the nothing but criticise and find fault. It was only tight and he would Was it note humiliation to 'find that on account of that Society. (Applause.) that they should recognize the sacrifice of time, thought h I M. J. F. AWBERY said a good deal could be done separation they were so feeble in the presence of the and energy, which public men gave so willingly to by a Debating Society. He was once a member of a municipal affairs. (Applause.) great questions of their time, and particularly of that debating society at Dover when at the age of 18 he was overpowering social question which would force itself Alderman FORSHAW in responding, maintained that Secretary for Ireland. (Laughter). He owed a great. up at every point? Teere was a time when the Church Sec Warringtou was not lagging behind any town in Lance-deal to that Society and all his political knowledge was in this land had organic unity. The care of the poor shire. In his opinion the Corporation had never been better constituted than it was at present, and they had was then in the hands of the Church and it gained from it. He thought it regrettable in a town like Warrington they had not a Society of that was far better done than it was under the an excellent staff of ofncials. The funds of the borough description. He hoped a Debating Society would be Poor Law. The Free Chursh Council had mercifully were administered with economy and efficiency and the comfort and convenience of the ratepayers was properly a approaced to condition in which the great sections of value , formed and he was sure it would be of great educational looked after. , the Church might co-operate, not simply in regard to vat to many. (Hear, hear). He had very great Councillor FULTON SMITH also responded and said evangelism, for there was something without which pleasure in moving" That a Warrington Parliamentary evangelism was of uo use. It was no saying " Come to Pebating Society be formed for the purpose of debating 'the work of the Corporation was getting more complex Jesus " to people living under the conditions in which nesutoionos in accordance with the and difficult to deal with every day. It required more poeiticoeltrodse British.ia Ilou f Commons." (Applause). time and attention than could be devoted by the large numbers at present existed. It was as rao3kery. , rules, ,f Mr. C. PLINSTON seconded. He said he thought he , There was a district within gun shot of that place i 1 Council as at present constituted and the situation had , would show-his interest by his presence and hoped a become so crucial that a change would have to be where 3)0 children out of every I,OCIO bora died under m i _ Debating Society wotild be formed and be very success- made, whether in the :nonage of representation or inmonths old. Didlother hu Re; twelve e they. nee: any 'very He was very sorry to say that he had to go to a other ways was not yet quite clear. If the recently- -tion as long as that lasted . lie .was told that it was but it was one of many I very important meeting of the Garden Societwhich the i (laughter)—but he wished the project every success and y , ordered medical inspection of school children was not only one question of rimy, I asked them to enroll bins as a member. (Applause). carefully handled it would mean a serious addition to that weahl persist and if there was a way by the burden of the ratepayers. the Free Churches could do something to handle the Mr. W. ROBERTS, in supporting, said he was ver "THE CHAIRMAN." position he trusted they would be found ready. y ' pleased to see the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton present as he The Rev. C. HARVEY COOK in proposing this toast " THE CHURCH UNIVERSAL." ! • ! had often had the pleasure of opposing him at the old said he had decided to follow the old custom of doing Bold-street . society The ghosts of great ones haunt our English Athens, so in rhyme. He submitted the following lines : The second meeting was held in the e debateseLanghtere He(Mr.Roberts) was thenthe senior The Church parlour on Tuesday evening, when the speaker : Liberal Whip. He was sure the new debating " Time's hand has wintered now this homely house of :vas the Rev' J. B. Bugloss, who took for his subject would be a great success. He was very pleased to see ' The Church Universal." The chair was occupied by so many of the gentlemen present who were members learning ; Mr. T. Dale. lof the old debating society twenty-seven years ago. Where once the novice conned his accidence Foregather still the sons of light and leading. The Rev. J. B. Bueetess in emphasising the value of ; Mr. Bracecarnp had shown his interest in the Society by , , Yonder's our garish brother prayer said that he never felt the power of prayer to : offering to lend the schoolroom with which he was ! Lofthouse, in place of such an extent es during Welsh • l"eta associated. When the Debating S • • d • g therevive when night , • g Society was forme it dignity at head of table : Here's Bennett Greening, Hall Fairhurst.enial after night, week after week, for three mouths God's should be on neutral lines. (Hear, hear.) A better Good fellows all—who grace , genial after was poured upon the churches. That experi- , room to hold their meetings in than the Council this , festive ' board with wit supernal, ence was with him that day and the spirit of unity was Chamber could not be found and he was sure the Mayor To honour Veteran Monks—lndustrial Captain able. abroad. Though he had been in the ministry for 31 ' would give them his sanction to use that room. (Hear, (Applause.) years he never forgot the value those meetings were to hear.) He sincerely hoped the Society would be formed To the Chairman, continued Mr. COOK, he would apply ' him The churches were never so closely connected as and he wished it every success. (Applauae). the lines of Goethe they were to-day. ond they could thank God that the i The Rev. J. F. MA.TTHEWS also supported and spoke Our fairest cup I offer you : friendly relations between them were being strengthened of the value of a Debating Society. 1 And pledging you, I pray aloud, They were reelizing their oneness which was exemplified 1 The Rev. E.C.E. CARLETON, who was received with That every drop within its round - to the Free Church Councils and they could thank God ' applause, said he was very pleased to see so many of for raising the men that brought that Union about. ' the olu Society present. He quite agreed with all that While it your present thirst allays May swell the number of your days. They had met that night to pray for the Church had been said but he doubted if they would get one man d Christian ,to do ell the clerical work There was such a tremend- universal, for all sections of the organise I . . Mr. COOK concluded by bearing testimony to his . Church throughout the world and he hoped that they, , ous amount of work attached to a Society of that des- affection for Mr. Monks, particularly as a member of his Church would be true to their mission as there CriptiOn. He thought some plan might be adopted b congregation. It was the grit and the strong fibre of as churches, . .. . . , . . y 'never VMS a time when there was ere was a greater need for which each party bad Its own clerk, and through him Puritan morality within him which enabled their friend prayer than.at pretest. He %alloyed in the Christ order the Speaker might be communicated with, and at the at the age of 73 to be able to say" What money, place, which was the spiritual first and the temporal afterwards. sante time get rid of a great deal of work which was position I have made, my hands are clean." (Applause.). " Some people wanted to reverse that order and said not an absolute a necessity. The CHAIRMAN briefly responded and the gathering 4, eac. . e tails° and then you may expect to Christianise." Councillor NIELD said the Council Chamber was not concluded with the singing of " God save the King." The temptation to socialise would be lost when the a suitable room for their purpose. He had thought of During the evening Mr. H. M. Ashton gave a humour- Chris . Churches realised it was their Christian . . r duty to make a room which would be more suitable—the Co-operative ous recital " Extracts from Mark Twain's autobio- new men and women. Spiritual work is love of Hall. He had great pleasure in supporting the resole- graphy " which created great merriment. spiritual life. They needed courage, love and inspire- tion. (Applause). tion from God, and they would set the church on fire I Mr. HALEY said the Society would induce young men for God if Ile wished it. The time was coming when ,to use their wits better and enable them to speak in an all the churches would be bound to the common centre , intelligible way. and then they would establish the kingdom of Go 1 Mr. E. A. SANDERS said the Co-operative Hall throughout the world. . I would be quite big enough. They would have dis- " NATIONS AND THEIR RULERS." 1 missions in which Liberals, Conservatives, Labourites' ' and others could take part, and in time they might be There was a very good attendance at Wednesday I able to show the British House of Commons a thing or , evening's meeting, which was held in the Lecture Hall 1 two, (Laughter.) attached to Bewsey-roal Wesleyan Church. Mr. E. A. 1 Mr. Mesose in supporting the proposal, said the Sanders presided. I t Society would be of great educational value. Men read Mr. E. WYNNE-JONes was the spes.ler, and the topic their party papers and did not see both sides of the of his address was " Nations and their rulers." He 1 question. Such a society would be able to get at both pointed out the right which they had to meet together. sides of the question. (Applause.) and pray on a subject like that, as Free Churchmen had I The resolution was heartily carried. taken a great interest in the religious life of the nation. Mr. O,BoRNE said the next business was to appoint a Some of the greatest personalities in the country 1 secretary and a treasurer and a council to frame rules, belonged to them, and they believed in the nation I Mr. W. ROBERTS suggested that they only appoint a before party. He considered that the Free Churches secretary that night. had done more for this country than the House of I 1 Councillor NIELD moved that Mr. Osborne be Commons, and infinitely more than the House of Lords. I appointed secretary. The saint was worth more to the nation than the soldier, 1 Mr. P. H. BENKETT, in seconding. said he knew Mr. and the preacher was a more valuable asset than the, Osborne very well, and was sure he would make an politician. Speaking of rulers, Mr. Jones mentioned r . excellent secretary. the work of King Edward ; and the efforts he had made The motion was carried unanimously. in the Cause of peace, and asked those present to Pray Mr. J. F. Awanny moved that Mr. P. H. Bennett be that God would help the King in ilia work, and i appointed treasurer. also to pray . for the coming time when there Councillor NIEL!) seconded, and this motion was also would be a federation of men in a common I carried unanimously. brotherhood. Referring to matters affecting the Councillor NIELD moved that a committee of seven, country, the speaker sthf he thought the Free Churches who had had experience, be appointed. , should take a -greater interest than they were doing in o .C. H. •-•i ...,ev. ii.. ,_i. E. vARLETON seconded, and a committee , social questions. There was undoubtedly a change of e s , consisting a ivf essrs. .l . I. Awbery, W. Roberts, E 1 taking • • Th place in society. e new movement was a England, C. Plinston, R. Pierce Williams, and the Rev movement of the people. It was not identified with E. C. E. Carleton was appointed. any particular leader or institution,but the people were The Secretary and Treasurer were appointed ex-officio coming to realize that when they were combined they members. I could exert a power, and it was the duty of the Free The subscription was fixed at 29. 6d. per term add I Churches to see that that power was directed aright. fifty-two members were enrolled straight away. The balance of power which in the 18th century was in 1 A vote of thanks was accorded to the Mayor on the , the hands of the aristocracy and in the 19th century in e motion of Mr. OSBORNE, seconded by Councillor NIELD i the hands of the middle classes,was now rapidly passing I and a similar compliment was paid to the Chairman to the democracy. Whilst Free Churchmen must never on the motion of Mr. 0 —ARLETON, seconded by Mr. relax their efforts in bearing witness to the unseen Lord io .‘,OIIERTS. and His power to save and inviting men and women to Mr. E.ENGLAND said the name of Alderman Pierpoint accept a Father's invitation, they must also remember would be welcomed amongst the Speakers. that Christ had something to say about the questions Couucillor NMI) said that if he was in order he which lay at the root of the world's unrest and misery- would propose Alderman Pierpoint as Speaker for next The speaker also dealt with the drink question and in meeting. conclusion reminded his hearers that the people had Alderman PEERPOINT said be was not in order, the making of the nation in their own hands. Let (Laughter.) He resided over fifty miles away from them see to it, as far as they could,that everything that Warrington so it would not be very convenient for him hindered men from living pure and holy live, the bad to come. He would be glad if they made him an laws and wicked customs that made life hard for their honorary member. Ho would do all in his power to fellows, were removed, support the society. , " FOREIGN MISSIONS." A gentleman at the back contended that the I suffragettes would have to be provided with a gallery The prayer meeting on Thursday night was at Wycliffe 1 and ' Church when the speaker wits the Rev. J. L. Milne arid Alderman PIERPOINT said they would perhaps find a the subject " Foreign Missions." chair The was occupied by Mr. J. C. Holland. gallery for them but not white flags. (Laughter.) Another business meeting will be held next Thursday. The Rev.J.L.Mteez dealtat length with his experiences in China when he was a missionary, He also spoke of the inconsistency of those who profess to be Christians and referred to the prejudice which existed in the minds of some with regard to the foreign missions and said they only wanted a dee rer view of the importance of foreign mission work. Every true Christian should show sympathy with the missions, which were worthy of all support. The CHAIRMAN referring to the remarks of the

was.?

You all have seen, I have no doubt, How many people go about With puffed-up eyes and noses red, A heavy feeling in the head. 'Tis wonfirous strange to me that these Should not endeavour to anpeasa These ills, which 6hey so oft endure, By using "Woods' Great Peppermint Cure."— Adv.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. On Sunday evening the pulpit at this church was occupied by the Rev. Sidney Pitt who took for his text" By love serve one another," Gal. 5, 13, which he suggested as a motto for the Church for the new year. In examining a large number of motto cards containing passages of scripture he had found very few texts which had anything to do with doing anything for anybody. Practical aspects of Christianity seemed to be largejy ignored by those who selected these contrivances. These aspects, however, must not be discarded. The most telling evidences of Christianity were the practical results produced in the world by Christian love and there were some people who would listen to no other. The Christian's duty was to be like his Lord and Mister who came not to be ministered unto unto but to minister and who gave 1-lis life a ransom for many. Christ washed the disciples' feat, the modern equivalent of which the preacher declared would be to black a person's boots. IN‘o service was too menial or too humiliating Mr Him to! undertake. Our service, however,must be in love. The 1 great defect of the Poor Law was that there had been for the last three hundred yeirs sadly too little of love in its administration and this was the peculiar value of those guilds of help and public health unions which were now being formed in many towns and for which there was great need in ‘Varrington. These institu- tions introduced ark element of Christian love and voluntary service in connection with INlunici pal adminis- ration which was of priceless value and already pro- duced most striking results.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING

SOCIETY.

SUCCESSFUL INAUGURAL MEET ING.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 6%. SETTLING DAY JANUARY 16TH 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 2% 100 ...84 2v. Annuities 100 ...90 21% Annuities 100 821 Nt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 lOO .98 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO .95 Bank of England Stock lOO 278 India Stock 100 .99 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .36 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .351 London and County 90 .92 London and Westminster 90 .53 Manchester and County l7 ..57 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 —.481 Parrs 20 ..831 Union of London 151 —.841 Union of Manchester ll 25 Williams Deacons 8 —241 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 ...102 Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 —.62 Great Central Deferred 100 ...14 Great Central Preferred lOO ...271 Great Eastern lOO ...76 Gt. Northezn Def. Convd. Ord. lOO —5ll Great Western lOO —124 Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ...971 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO —lO5l London Chatham and Dover lOO ...14 London and North-Western lOO _148:1 London and South-Western lOO . 1461 Methropolitan lOO ..421 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...65 Do. Prof. Convd. Ord. lOO 65 North British lOO .3513 North Eastern Consols lOO .14 North Staffordshire lOO ...99 South Eastorn lOO ...77 INDUSTRIALS, &c. Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. Pref. 1 —l6/6 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Prof. 1 20/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 .20/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 23/9 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Prof. 1 .20/6 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 .61 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cara. Pref 5 .51 Brunner IVlond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...95/0 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Prof. lO 161 Buxton Lime Firms lO .6 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 .11/3 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 26/0 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ..81 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Prof 10 .10 Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO 95 Crosfield, 41-% 'A ' Deben lOO 94 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 33/0 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO —.91 do. do. do. do. B 8 ...7 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...23/0 1 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO 12 4% Debs. Red. 100 95 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 32/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Pref. 10 .101 Lipton Ordinary 1 28/0 Meldrum Bros., 51% Pref. 1 11/0 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 ...53/0 do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 1 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. 5 —4 xd , Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Prof. 621 73 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 51 do. do. 6% Cum. Pref. 5 .6 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...4? Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 1/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord —35/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Prof. 4 51 xd Salt Union Ordinary ..19/6 United Alkali Ordinary lO ..75/6 do. do. 7% Cam. Prof. lO —lll do. do. Deb. lOO .106 xd Vulcan Foundry 1 28/0 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7l ...7 (Co. do. do. do. do. la .91 Warrington Laud & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 17/6 do. do. do B Shares Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6. 17/6 MINES. -1 British South Africa (Char; 1 IS/3 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 31 East Rand Proprietary 1 4 HenderSOßS 1 ...4/3 Johannesburg Consolidated 1 21/6 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ..17/6 Oceanas 1 Rand Mines 5/- —5l Randfonteins 1 30/6 Rht.desia Exploration 1 16/6 Tanganyika 2l Transvaal Estates The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co.' Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be- found reliable.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

PENKETII, SANKEY & DISTRICT MD FOLK'S TREAT* —Last Friday evening the annual treat to the aged people took place in the Wesleyan schoolroom. Upwards of 90 sat down to a substantial tea. The tables were nicely decorated with plants, and the old folks thoroughly enjoyed the good things provided. At eight o'clock an excellent entertainment took place, when the Leyland Pierrots, from the well-known Leyland Shipping Company, of Liverpool, greatly amused the audience, every item teing applauded. Mrs. Fieldbloor, of Penketh, who is in her 73rd year, gave a fine exhibition of dancing in costume, of the " Highland Fling " and the" Sword Dance," accom- panied by Mrs. Owen on the piano. At the close supper was provided for the old folks. Tobacco, cigarettes, and pipes were supplied to the men, and the aged women were the recipients of a parcel of tea, coffee and sugar on leaving for home. Apples and oranges were also distributed.

TEA AND SOCIAE.—The Penketh Church Mission Women's Guild held their annual tea and social last Friday evening in the Infants' schoolroom. Tea com- menced at 6.30, when 66 sat down to a splendid tea. The tables had been beautifully decorated with plants. At 7.30 an excellent entertainment took place. The Rev. J. R. Jones, M.A., presided, the following artistes taking part :—Miss Jones, Mrs. Hannan, Mr. W. Ireland, Mr. Nocien, Mr. Wallace Ray, Mr. W. Moores, and Messrs. Gordon, Maurice and Burgess, who gave a short sketch" The Hard-up Rivals."

===== 0002601_19080111_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

Sr. THOMAS'S BAND OP HOPE.—A very pleasant meeting of the above took place in the schoolroom on Wednesday evening and this being the first after the holidays took the form of a children's party. Various games were entered into by members and workers alike and of the latter no one joined more heartily in the games than the Vicar, much to the happiness of the little folk. The entrance of a real Father Christmas in the person of Mr. W. Whiteman, carrying a large basket of toys, followed by Miss Crane, Mrs. Whiteman and Miss, Hallows, each with baskets of apples and oranges, soon put an end to the children's romps, and gathering round Father Christmas and his attendants they gave thew a real hearty reception. When quietness was restored and each and every child had received a share of the geed things, Mr. R. Whiteman very kindly gave several selections on his gramaphone which were enjoyed by all present. —At the close the Superintendent (Mr. Hallows) thanked all who had helped to make the evening sc. enjoyable, and especially the workers for the assistance given him in carrying the meetings so successfully thus far, and asked for a continuance from members and workers alike for the remainder of the session so that the concert by which they hoped to raise funds for the Summer Treat might be a grand success.

ATKINSON & BARKERS' ROYAL

- - ----- • INFANTS' PRESERVATIVE. IN CONSTANT USE FOR OVER 100 YEARS. FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONS, RICKETS, Era

F3ottle3 i/ri, 2/9 and 4/6.

Births. HOROBIN—On January 9th at " Nielrose," South Park, Lincoln, to Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Horobin (formerly of Warrington), a daughter.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN WALKER & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works- Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road VVIDEEs : 32, George-street, ST. lIELEEs: 3, Market *net. i kR.LESToWN; Church-street RusColtla 11th. 1908.

===== 0002601_19080111_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r;-..

===== 0002601_19080111_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR RTIFICI A L TFETH AND THEIR AccomPkNYING PROCESSER CONSULT W. .T. T 1 A RIVES. • 54, LEGH 7STREP T, " WARRINGTON. IITYCLTFT: CHtracc, BRIWREY STREET. wARRTNaTnrq. To-Nrnprow (nvnAy). .TATITTARY 12Tn 1908. PevAonvve co iteV.P MTLT,TtR ttnid Street). oFfEIiTORTRe. the ANIVTTAL TriViTvT) COvIAITTNIMP IRVTOV. floel invitation Riven by PennTe tn tnombers o il Ohnrotwe.

STRFET WEsT,RyAN CHTTRCH, To-moPPow (51*,,DAY) 14%ITARY 12TR, '9CB. ~.T,,rninff In 7n. NTT'. THOM MTLLPR. 17174,,,1nf? A lA. R.,v. HARRY wALL. AT weln,m,. Hymn rt.ye-. rw-nvgdAi.

THE PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY 13TH AND DURING TDB WEEK. 7-9--T WIC E NIGHTLY--9-O. FRED KARNo'S COMPANY—THR DANDY THIEVES. G. W. FOSTRR, HARRY HILLIER, Comedllan, Vocalist, &c. FOX and MELVILLE, with Illustrated Songs. YRAGIIR and DA COSTA, La Real American Coonisme. RAY HOND'S 810-TABLBAUX. DAVENPORTS—Lightidnz Illusionists. PRIORI AS USUAL.

NV. ISHERWOOD & CO., 24, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. JANUARY SALE COMMENCES WEDNESDAY NEXT, JANY. 15TH. SEE WINDOWS FOR BARGAINS, W. IS HE R OOD & CO., 24, SANKEY ST.. WARRINGTON.

DATTI, 31KLBA, CAriliSO, KIIBELIK, LAUDER I BM, will in and play for you at home any time you wleb. All you require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artiates of the world. HVERY RBr2ORD and every type of GIIABIOPHONei., Z ONO PHOlcle,and THOMAS I4DJON fd ACH 1 NM in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, 74e. Ats D 7F, IiENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK ED., L IVERPOOL. Tel, 06X and 431 X Hopei. SAND FOR LISTS POST PRltia.

WADDINGT ON PI A NOS THE LAST WORD IN PIANO CONSTRUCTION. TO BE OBTAINED AT MAKERS' WHOLESALE PRICES DIRECT FROM WADDINGTON & SONS, 37 TO 39, RENSHAW ST., LIME ST., LIVERPOOL. W. & SONS ARE THE ONLY FIRM IN THE ; NORTH WHO ARE GENUINE MAKERS OF PIANOS SELLING RETAIL, INVESTIGATE AND. SAVE MONEY FACTORY, STONBGATE, YORK. ESTABLISHED 70 YEARS.

WARRINOTON iNfiqiimAßy AD DISPENSARY BALL. THE ANNUAL BALL in aid of the funds of this Charitable Institution will be held in the PARR HALL on WEDNESD AT, JANT. unv 22m, 1908, DPP'S BAND. Dancing 9 to 2.31 o'cloc,;, Supner 11 to 1 o'clock. A Parquet Floor will be laid down. TICKETS s TWELVE AND SIXPENCE EACH', can be had ot Mr. P. Pearce. bookseller, 8, Sankey.street ; Mr. J• H. J. Hampton, Infirmary, Warriagton ; and at the I.lnn Hotel. It is requested that the applications for tiakett be made as long before the hall as possible. The public will be admitted to the gallery to hear the hand ant see the dineine on ptvment of is. Tickots can be obtained at the Halt on the night of the dance. GEORGE B. Hon. Secretary to the Ball Committee

ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCH CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) E 1,001,000 CLAIMS PALO Ei (T)0,000 61, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary - MANCHESTER OFFICE, 13 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. Mr.W.H. RlGl3EY,Neesoliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latch ford St Helens Mr.J. B. LEACH, Hardsbaw-atrett Haydook... Sandbank' Mr. F. J. FINLOW. Rookeryr Bridge

ITHE iNPOIATOS WARRIN(-iTi IN 16 PIfHP73I3 to RIURIVii LOANS, either at six months notie or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boao TRBAAUBER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILOINGs, HIGH HOLTiORN, W.G. 21 PHIL DUNI% INTEREST alioweti on Deposit Accounts. 2 PtIR CENT. INTIittBST on Drawing Accounts wita Onetime Wok. AD General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITH PULL PARTICULARS. POST PRE% O. F. HAVt4NoCROP P. SECRETARY

NURSKS URSKS ! ! ELR6EtTI ! !! MALE OR PRMALR, ANY °ASH. ANY DISTANOR. NIGHT OR DAY. LIVRRPOOL M ALR AND VIM aLli NtIRSEI3' INSTITUTION, (FSTABLTEIHFD 30 YEA). HOPE HOIiSK, HOPsI ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : " Nurses," Liverpool

I— ilkpNo u°nScl sit INe sps tih)altnr4Vm9s. —web bo v" eaimrsdx opeeln s isveel raeta tms aann yd swell canvassers, collectors, and other hangers—on. The' public would be surprised at the enormous coat of running a swell piano business T.O. avoids these needl.ss expenses ; instead of paying £3OO to £BOO rent he pays £25 for a large i warehouse, central, but out of the principal thoroughfare. To intelligent buyers this means an enormous saving. J.o.'s turnover is larger than many of the swell warehouses. Come along and Inspect stock, and you will be delighted I with the value. Chalmers allows the highest price for old instruments as part payment for new goods. Note address : I CHALMERP, 63. Great George-street. Liverpool (10 minutes frlni Lime-street) : open till 8 every night ; carriage paid I any place. DlANO.—Beautiful toned " Collard " cottage V. 1 Paymexts arranged.—CHALaraire, 63, Great George at., Liverpool.

HAIR COMBINGS merle up 2/- per or, 00V1TILTITT1 TAILS OF Pent( HAIR FRAMS% PURR FROM 3/R RACE!. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LRROR ST (CAR STATION), , LIVAIRPOOL.

LEFT-OFV CLOTHING, Sze., BouGHT.-13KST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGEPIID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, 1 HEATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS, LIVP•RIEN, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S M.SFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRIOR. LADIES' EVRNINrs DRESNPS. COsTITMES, BLOUSRS. GENT'S FUR:LINED and FROCK COATS. • PORTMANTEAUS. do., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSRRS.SHIRTS,BLUOHERS,WELLING VCRS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POUCH CAPES, GORMAN's. 326, 328, and NO, Deanrgate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telt-phone No <l3

131ANiiS AND ORGA NS.—Chalmers, 63, Great George st., Liverpool (10 minutes from Lime et.), instruments retorned from winter hire ; magnificent unright Iron grands from £l2 by Hopkinson, Allison, Kirkman, and many other famous makers, "equal to new " and at one-third original cos s; In fact, " make your own pries and terms." Come early it you desire to Bemire a real life-long bargain at prices charged elsewhere for oli rubbish, " worn out 30 y ears ago." Comealong, and if 3ou have £4 to £6 to pay down you shall secure bargains that will open your eyes to the long mines charged elsewhere. " Fully warranted by written guarantee." Carriage paid any place by CHALMERS, 63, Great George at., Liverpool. Open tin 8 daily.

ntANOS AT til-tALMItIrS, LlVBRPooL.—Arrival of 1. new mognlfinent upright iron grande, MOM at swell ' warehouses at £3.0 cash. riASH pRICH „XsP 1 r" k • At Chalmers, buyers with £4 to RS to pay down secure these lovely toned grands at Cash Price See you are at Chalmers. as mistakes have occurred to the great loss and disappointment of buyers. CH A LATER S, 63, GREAT GEORGE ST., LIVERPOOL

PARR'S BANK, LIMITRO. NOTWE IS BRKBY olVitlsT THAT THR 43Rn ANNUAL ORDINARY MINIMAL anauTING- of this Company will bc held at, the Cannon Street tL iondon. WC., on TRIIRRDAY, TFIR 23RD DL)' OF JANUARY, 1908, at One o'clock p m., for the perpose of declaring a dividend to be payable on 3.1 February, electing Directocs and Auditors, and conducting the Ordinary Business of the Company. The Transfer Books will be clod from Wadneaday. 15t January, to •rhursday, 6th February, both days inclusive. By Or. 'er, R. W ,WHALLRY, General Manager. Bartholomew lane, Landau, 11.0.,

\AT ARRT N(3TO N UNION WORK !WINE.— mtinicAr. °Flamm AND A','STSTANT ERSIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER. amended Adsertisement. The Guardians of the Warrington Union invite Applica- tions for the appointment of WORKHOITSit MHDICAL OFFIORR (non-resident), salary 2100 nor annum and for the appointment of an ASSISTANT RISSID KIST MRDICAL OFFICER, salary ENO, with apartments, rations, and other usual allowance.. The Assistant must be single or a widower. Applicants must be duly registered under the Medical Acts, and legally qualified to practice both medicine and surgery in Hngland• and Wales. Pryinction of licenees, diplomas, nertific4es, Art., will Only be necessary when th. Guardians apply for same. 9 he appointments will be subject to the provisions of the Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Act. 1896 'The dotes will include lectures, At, to nurses, medical attendance ruaon the indoor official staff and general compliance with the Local Government Orders. Medicines, smuirat anpitaimes. Ac., will be provided by the Guardians. Applications are to be Only made on forms to be obtained from me noon my receipt of a relitieet for same, such to be returned to me by post tiled no before noon on Jannary 84th, 1908. Canvassing the Gu•vdiens will he strictly prohibited. J. 0. SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Bewley Chambers, Warrington. rOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRING lON. TODUCATION COMMITTBH, FIRAP MASTIIII AND ASSISTANT atIACITIrtta./. rpliceione are invited for the posts of HEAD MA STRR and ASRIBTANT MASTERS (three) for the OitulST CHURCH 0.11. BOYS' sekool, Latehfnrd, Applicants for the post, of Heed Master must Le College trained. The s4lary will be at the rate of £l5l per annum until the 31st March, 1909, when it will be fixed, according to the Committee's scale, upon the average attendance for the year ending on that date. Applican•s to- the posts • of Assistant Masters must be Certificated. Their Wailes will be according to scale. Apolicatioas must be made on the official forms, which, together with a copy of the scale of salaries and conditions of service, may b- obtained from the undersigned, a•d must be returned to him by not later than the 20th January, 1909, The successful candidates will be required to live within reasonable distance Of the school, and to commence their d titles towards the end of April neat. Canvassing either by the candldafes or their friends, will be a disqualification. Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY M. Elio., Sankey St., Warrington. Secretary and Director. lit January, 19C8. •

§ BR MAGIC 1,31-RAPITO CIQUARR'. HIGHLY RNTRHTAINING AND INSTIMUTIVII. Any boy or girl ran cony a picture in a few minutes without any previous knowledge of drawing by aid of this square. 17RIZula GiVHN. bguare with 'warm:clone and particuiar s of our prize scheme 4 stamps. Addrsas, GRAPHO Co., 3, aRNSD THRRAOR, AIHIHYDALIC RD,

rIHESBIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—A NUMBER of SCHOLARSHIPS FOR FEMALES are offered to give thorough instruction in Dairy Work, and tenable for 14 weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worleaton, COM- mencing February 17th, 1908. Application Forms can be obtained from the Director of Education, City Road, Chester, to whom they should be returned not later than February Ist, 1908.

rim UNBREARABLR GAS M ANTLM Astound the World. 8 ‘mple dozPn, post trPP, 3*. 91. T. 2HARMAt4, 47& 48 RI4j4ICHT HALL, kfiktiliOGATß.

WHY ALLOW ,YOUR CHILD TO SIJFFER AT TH3 TIMII OF THBTHING when the pain and trouble can b 4 averted by a simple and nexpensive remedy which is fully explained in our pamphlet sent free on application. KING BROS. & 00„ 19, CANNON STRHST, MANOHESTBH.

4.614 111AGBRL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIBL MAKB, WANHANTHD, ?OT FRICS 24. 6d., 3a., 4a. Ein.. 4arn Sa. en ' J. G. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LAN% LIVHRPOOL. Made And Ground By Bnglleh Labour. Local Agent; 3, HIMSwORTR. Market Hall, Warringtqn.

VIULIM,, BuW6 AND CAtis. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. QTRINGS of the Finest Quality. i.:l j iIRTISTIC Repairing in cll its branches. , JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN BIAKRR AND REPAIRBR (PopC of (. 4 A. Chanot). 57, RENS W STRRItT (Corner of Benson street), LIVIrPPOOL.

FOR MORN THAN TWRIPTy FIVII FEARS THOUN NOS DV LADIES HAYS DBRIVBD GRISAT 11110114 FIT PROM DR. DAVIS'd FAMOUS FRMALR P 11,1.45. HAVE HAD A VG OIiLD-wiDR umPUTATION AS A 1300 N TO IWOMANKI ND They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after ?deals, Loos of Appetite,Hystetis,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Wenkneop, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90., Is. lid., 2. 9d.45. 6d. and its. DR. D 9VIS'a FAMOUS PILE AND coNsTipAIION CURB. A posttive Specific for Piles and Constipation. and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Corn- pt.mt. Bottles 2/9 4/6. W.. by post 31. extra, 309 PORTO9RLLO.ROAD, HOTTING HILL. LONDON. W. (OlaiV address).

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF HIGH-GLASS DRAPERY and FURNISHING GOODS, FIRST DAY MONDAY NEXT JANUARY 13th. Open all day on Saturdays during the Sale. HODGKINSON LTD., BRIDGE itarriSnTgtEnET,

3E3 M7l 3NT 4C303N1' SAIL.3L43M 11 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

The Sale of The Season IS NOW PROCEEDING at & DUTTON' 167 18 & 20 SANKEY ST., Warrington, SPECIAL BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. In shopping at sales the Golden Rule to follow Is not to allow the consideration of price to outweigh the consideration of value, as a bargain must be judged not by bow cheap it seems, but by how good it is. The best way of assuring satisfaction is to go to a House of Prestige, such as DUTTON'S, whose very name is a guarantee of the stirling merit of the bargains offered, no matter how surprising the reductions may b. We are making Exceptionally Liberal Reductions, and would advise intending purchasers to shop early in order to secure the best bargains.

jos WARREM 131, WILDERSPOOL RD. LILIP Warrington. Telephones4t. WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MEReHANT. COIL, LIME, BRICKiI VIRE-MAY (4090.4, DRAIN. P(PKA, (.*NR,NT, PIASTER. &c. Agent for the ACuRINOTON BUICK & TILIC CO., :,11141,810-8' ADAM AST C&MENT, T 3 It Iv KW LIME CO., Button. ENQuiniEs INVITED.

THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS. From .14.111:94CUTZ MOUNFICIEMD, Tel. 350 y. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. Gd. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on application:

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO.. 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUI TO SUPPLY THEM

SMITH Bfrt WALKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NWEST GOODS FOR WINTER WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 V. MARKET! GATE, vsrmtrumarfrox.

KFNDL. MILNE & CO, WINTER SALE OF DRAPERY GOODS. BEING SECOND 'WEEK. NtODAY NEXT T 1 SATURDAY, JAN. -- FURTHER REDUCTIONF. ALSO IN THE CABINET SHOWROOMS, (110, 112, 114, DEANSGATE) A LARGE PORTION OF• THE FURNITURE, BEDSTEAD, AND IRONMONGERY STOCK. NO CATALOGUES. TELEGRAMS : " KENMIL." TELEPHONES : 1746, Drapery, 694, Furniture. KENDAL, MILNE & CO., MANCHESTER'

B. 'UNNINGITAM, 189, WINWICK RD.. WARRINGTON (Telephone 179). BRE» ER'l AGENT AND BOTTLER OF G,Annees's Stout Bass's Pale Ale, Sass's No.l Strong Ale. Worthington's and Ailsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley', and Maell's Hon Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER rs Bomar. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF FIIGTI-CLASS MINERAL W4TER9.

1 PIERPOINTI AND 1../0.. PRIZR MRDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOL,D BREAD. SPHCIAL VALUE fl POUR. SBLF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BRAT.

MITABLISHED 1833. MRS. HOB, CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, " EXAMINE " OFFICE. 33 MARKET STREET, BAHLESTOWN. 8' A NCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

, • 9 ... , ... . T t.,5 , • , :,.....„ ..4.,_.14... 4 : ~ .....z.. . .4i,. V ..-. xt... , • ' ..titt;V:Vor • 6:tilt 341"''' _ .: . , .474,5* " " .4. `• •,,„ . , Y"Cr.:s,t . .1. .. ~,,.%''X's::-(7i•i-: ' A'4,,, .I,„‘, -7- -'''''''':' '..', '•,=-) i ."' ,;.'4.14!:-'1.7,2 :r:7 ;.5.4 . , , , ....- $,.--''‘;7;;/: ....417;1, ' '5;:f4q1,.,- ~,,, f*;el • ~ t.." re.';- . :.- •- ' -,,-,,,•5-1, • . &..;...1%-`'.' X' N!. " 4 A1.,-- , j• ``IVIY C°C° L.Tt I i -._,. . , 'Mr .-. se• ' '' , ' -Iv 4.1.? , i? • us. .. •:;17e. P-1- ~,... r•4',L* , .4),4 N e''''' te' , . ' '7`.. ~ e .. ...1". ~.., -tr.. . '3,., t‘,.., TH E ..• ~ BEST.

Backache f , VII tt" cit* Alitr4A :n*-14:010, -r4 041 Vail .\•••;;;v r, • • 114% V3Z- ..to. • . Ze7.s 4,44.4* +.4o'

TAKE HORLICK'S MALTED MILK AND KEEP STRONG, REQUIRES NO COOKING. Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON tiQUAtili. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QTJIET4 CENTRAL YOB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT. IT AyES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE,) 38, CHAPEL-BMM. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS YROY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THD OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

QCARBOUOUGH.—ExceedinAIy nice rooms, beautifully situated, overlooking South Bay ; most comfortable private home ; suit lady or gentleman ; permanency, other- wise.-115 Castle rd.

“V AL VIRGINAL,” Hongs.erde, near Brussels, large commodious building, healthy situation, magnificent grounds, solid modern education, =vie, painting, terms 21 gns. ; references required. Kindly mention paper.

QHORTHA.ND thoroughly TAUGHT by post, personal kJ attention, exhanetive descriptive lessons, Gregg and Pitman Systems. guaranteed. Certificated Teachers. Particulars free.—SHLEVGHISTLE'S Central College, 10, South John et.. Liverpool.

.11,11 EdiNbST frofessor of Mueic, Organist and Choirmaster of t. Paul's Chureh. PIANO, ORGAN, THEO tY, HAUMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUr.,ICAL FORM. Upwards ot 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prectice.—For terms app.), 134, LOVELY LANE and LIMB 81'.. Warrington.

QOUThPORr MODERN CHOOL.—AN IDEAL bOHOOL ICE BOYS. First-class education, good home, and healthy serroundings, Swimming, Gymnastics.) Cadet Company, and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Craftily full. Frospectus from YRINCIP AL.

OLtTlliNG.Stsyne t-chool for Boys Pnd Steyne High School for Girls. Separate establish- ments. Thoroughly modern education for Boarding and Daily Pupils, moderate fees, Physical Culture a speciality. Cricset. Football, hockey, Tennis, Rifle Shooting ann Swimming, Cadet i Corps and Carpenter's bhop.—Apply Pid3CIPAL.

fUH LVI Fee 141'6 R 4and £l:3sllbAs GAM taerßm. The NEXT TIARA BRUINS JALNITARY 14th, 1903. Entrance Examination, Dionday,January 13th, at 9.0 a.m. Prospectuses and forms of application, etc., may be bad at the school The boarding-house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. Preparatory Branches at Central rd„ West Didsoury, and LeiceAer Higher Broughton. °WEIN W. OUX, Receiver.

ri. PRIOR SCHOOL.—HIGH 5C11001.4 FOR GIRLS ANL/ KINDERGARTEN. PRINCIPALS IMIES WILLIAMS, B.A. (Lond.) is A. WILLIAMS, ....E.O.M. THE SCHOOL WILL RE-aPEN ON THURSDAY, JANUARY 16TH, 1908. WEEKLY BOARDERS RECEIVED. BOYS UNDER THE AGE OF TEN ADMITTED. FOR PROSPECTUS APPLY TO THE PRINCIPALS.

vN7 ARA IN 01 ON GAMMAR SCHOOL. HEAD MASTER —THE HEV. H. GRAY, M.A. (Late Scholar, Jesus College, Cambridge ; &at Wrangler, sometime Moistens Master at Wellington The NEXT TERM commuscss on TfIURSDAY, JANUARY 16th, 1908. The HEADMASTER will be at the SCHOOL to INTER- VIEW PARI‘NiS of NEW BOYs and othera on WEDNEs- DAY the I.stn from 11 to 1 cud 3 to 5. Other times by arrangemet t. Por PROSPECTUS and other INVORMATIO6I apply the lIIIIADNLASTER.

ciITOUKTON LODOK HIGH SCIIOOI4, STOCKTON BIBATH,WARRINGI ON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SOI3OOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY WHOM, FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident titer( and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. The next term will commence on Thursday January 16th. PRONPECTUS, References and Views on application to 33183 PARTINGTON, rBIRCIPAL.

HEr. AC6lldOUSdPozLer; T,ciotrrreeacttalyasortiimaemneta, goodvoilcurmogt, butt SHIES Co., Paignton.

BUYING AGENTS WANTED; new invention ot great utility, makes all ),arments rainproof ; liberal terms , stiopkeepere tpeciallty.—J. FISHES AND Co., 19, York Place. Leeds. Sample 6d., poet free.

teiTAISTICD. by private gentleman, set of old carved mahogany Chippendale nhaire, price no object it what I require. please post particulars, no dealers. 8., 29. Catherine at., Strand. London.

J' LtRl I—Do you want an appointment? Sanitary Inspector, Laay Health Visitor, ElOO ta £350. Postal Course Lessons now commencing tor Liverpool exam. Fee 251.-s.llJan:4e, Sanitary hapert, Sunderland.

VIROINIa wants thousands of farm labourers and domestic. Good wages, good climate, work year round. No tree parrages. no Nee. Particulars free.—Address CAPTAIN THOMPBoN, Virgietau Agent, Morecambe.

ONTARIO, Llic Principal Province of Canada. Healthy climate ; fertile 101 l ; tree education ; cheap farms ; abonuding prooperiv. For pampbtets awl Information, apply, PETER BYRNE, Ontario Uovernment Agent, 7, James it , Ldverpool.

BAgents required for sole trade sales in each bust- nees Centre of our smart Id. lines ' Elena° • pure toilet soap, ' Benno ' liquid cement, Sc. damples free. For lowest cash prices, trial orders, write MCINToeH WzLao.r & (30,3, Albermanbury Buildings, London, ILO

'CLUCKNnS KN a.CKlittet 1 KNACKISRS ! I Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt re-noval on the shortest notice any distance up to 15 miles-JAMES TOOL@ AND SONS LTD., Marline Mann- lecturers. Longford Works. Warrington. telegrams, Toole, Lonaford Works, Telephone 299,

DAlLY.—Splendid paying agency offered to sell our 10/ latest articles ; millions selling ; send for particu- lars —lrate, Witton rd, Aston. Birmingham.

I AUNDBY.—Glazing secret (the Original), simple and LI inexpensive. Gives actual appearance of white china. Post free is. 13.—T. NEwtaxx, Burford, Oxon. INTOLBSICINS.—We are now paying according to size and 1 colour up to 16e. per 100. bummer, old and stale stuff no nse.-8. METZGER & Co., 16, Idariset et., Bermondsey. 8.8.

(\UR 10s. 6d. 14-caret Gold Fountains Pens with Filler, 21. 6d. post free. Musical Brass Timepieces. 12s. 6d. post free. Agents wanted.—Daaa, 9, HenaGlean Hill. Claversham.

STAGII. Laaies and fient!emen wishing to join the .1 profession send 6d. P.O. for book of advice and our offer of free tuition to Box 4, " Gayfield," 41, Oxford at., Manchester. BLANKETS.-500 pairs White Cloth Blankets, splendid value, 3s. Ild, per pair, carriage paid, two pairs is. 6d. Satisfaction goaranteed.--CITY THLDING CO:, 6 Palace sq., Manchester.

-UfiKTWOOD, finest selected from 2d. per foot. Choice parcel 9 feet assorted 2s. 6d, post fr,e price list Id. stamp.— blooaw, PARRY and Co. Fretwood Department, South rd„ Southall.

VISH NISH, IPI9 H.—Can send Morecambe Flukes, 31. a 1: score; Picked Prawns, is. 3d. quart, Potted 4s. a dozen; good Mussels, 3s. a bag; cash with order.—Apply T. SNJWDEN, 117, Lancaster rd., Mored.mbe.

SPLENDID Paraffin Incandescent Table and Wall Lamps 9. 6d., supercedlng gaslight; send any lamp; burners fitted complete mantles &c., 6+. 31. ; returned same day.— DAVIES 111/.24MELIGHTB, 114, Rutland 5,., Stepney.

QPRCIAL FOR PHOTOGELAPHSRS.—Don't fail to ask KJ your Newsagent for the • Photographic News.' Two- pence weekly. Splendid value ; superbly illustrated. Specimen free.-9, CECIL COURT. Charing Cross rd., W.O

BARBED FENCING WIRJ hii-cwt. reels, 24 yards, 71. per reel; Plain Galv, nizad Wire in 1-ewt. bundles, 7CO yards, 12e. Der cwt. Wrought Iron Standards, ls. 3d. each.— (W Dep.). BUTLER, Bell Works,Wolverbampton. Established 1828.

GIVaN —Limerica last lines by a priziwinner; the only condition, I take 10 per cent. of any prize won by tine.; supplied ; send stamped addressed envelope and state requireniencs.—Dsmat, Hy the rd., Willesden Junction,

ARMY 3LUOHMRS.-4,000 pairs of new sewn Bluchers* Will send one pair, any size. for 68. 6d. ; Waterproof Overall Leggings. 2s. 6J, pair ; either post free. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. Gsasms, Government Contractor, Rye.

1)0131C LINEN by post, from makers, 5U articles 21s, ; I) ladles' underwear ; send ss. or 7s. 6d. for one each night, °hem, and knickers ; say If white, unbleached or flannelette required; money returned if not approved.— ki.IBIMoND & Soff, LTD.. Tiverton,

QA.LVA.NIZ ttD COISIL, OATH!) SHERTS, all warrantedsound, 3ft. 9d ; 41t., le. ; 6ft., Is. 3d.; 6ft., Is. 6d. ; 71t., is. 8f t., 2s. ; 9tt., 2s. sd. ; 10ft., 2i. ski. baoh ; ridglng, 3d. per ft. ; spouting, 30. per ft.—(W. Dep.), BuLgit, Bell Works, _Wolverhampton. Blitabliehel 1826.

rIIO F ARAIBRS, ETC.—WILL Cum Haw, Sadler, 3. Copy .I. Nook, Blackburn, has for quick Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness. alit, 1,000 sundry 10ts Bridles, blames, Saddles, Breeabings, all parts Harness, ac. ; 200 Collars, all sizes, from 3s. each ; Riding Saddle, 15s. ; New Bet Harness, £4 ; Chain Gears, 30s.

Fldll AND CHIP SliOP Fl TTINGS, or Shops fitted cora- pieta and business taught, if you want to make money htve a Supper Bar, we hold the largest stook of fittings Hangers. Peelers Cutters, Ac. List and particulars free.—. MARROWS', 71, Paradise et., Liverpool. ()VlfCeNotlolne°rsVankliSPol k BiluVtiiichNesrsl arßea ras paonsclitionConte" offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for list and full particulars.—Mennows', 71, Paradise at., Liverpool. y AMES ! Attention. Send P.O. 6d. to DYB CLARK, 45, _ILA Palace Square,Norwood, London, who will send post free Ladles' full set of needles and darners in pretty case; box of hairpins ; set of linen buttons. assorted ; box of safeties ; set of tapes, assorted ; paper of pins ; set of boot and shoe laces ; set of collar studs. Most seasonable present.

4/9 MS1'41111:113 PAIR OPERA GLAisSI9BI in handsome plush cue, sacrifice 4e. 9d. ; also Curb chain padlock bracelet, 18ct. gold filled, warranted 6 tears with eafeiy chain attached, sacrifice 4s. 6d. • Ladies' 18ct. gold-filled necklet with handsome Photograph Pendant, warranted b years 3s, 6d.; cash returned on above if not approved.— %Nuns, 85, Liverpool rd., London, N.

MAT1114106114.L PO nal FIigIONABEM 113. 1113IM1 ADVERTleßlL—Established half a century ; 10,000 marriages arranged. Larger than all the Matrimonial Agencies in the world combined. aealed envelope sd. with loireular 9d.-11nrrou (kiooms B. W.) 9 to 14 Trafalgar Buildings, Northumberland AVI nue. London,W.U. Distance mmaterial.

To INVASTORS.—liqutty of 48 substantially built well I. let Weeklies. Oae lot or separately. Best situation round Manchester. Near oars and atation, Gross rental £922 7s. Price £2,3oo.—apply J. SPARROW, Roleston Rouse, M an doesLer

• IQIREE9OLD FARAS FOR SALK IN CANADA —Prices trona £lOO to £3,0D0. Free Gazette containing fall particulars on application. BNQUIRIRS SOLIOITRO, W. D. 3,1 c °mama. TRURO, NOVA SOOTIA, CANADA.

Ototor ears,Cveleo, Tarriageo. etc 4ZAL.-1O Hearaes and Washington Can, 8 Mourning L) Coaches, Brakes, Char-a-banes. Laadaus, 10 Hansoms ; low prices; some equal new.—Oatalogues MansPoN, 24, Bradford st., Birmingham.

TALENT AND 00. Carriage and Motor-car Builders, offer 1 their Large Stock of OAIittII&GES at greatly reduced prices to clear, considerably mure room being required in the motor repair aepertment,—TaLENT AND Co., Bury aeW rd., Higher Broughton, Manchester.

DROFIT AB LH POULTRY. —Pure Breeds Pay. I will Bend 6 purebred hens or pullets with unrelated cockerel, Buff or White Orpington', Plymouth Rocks,White or Brown Leghorn., White Wyandotte. for 50s. 6.pproyal. " Monthly Hints "the new practical poultry journal,ls. 6d. per annum, 20 pages,specimen copy free.—ALLEst,Sawbridgeworth,Herts.

SP ND I D LOOK-UP FISK and Grililintllool:KY BUSINHiS for Disposal. main road. Latchford ; a living to the right person ; price for all Lb incl Ming goodwill. Stock.Platurea. eto.—Apol7 T. oownsm.,Business Agent, 31. Leah at., Warrington.

(AN NaLR, National GA HNGt N 11, 4 N.H.P. (tube) ; good 1.,_/ condition ; can be seen working; gas bag, tank two fly wheels, etc. : a bargain. Offer( invited, price £2s.—Apply, 48, KENSINGTON ED, Southport.

) ATIIDT Orelum AiodlidTHß. 89TABLI8H1D LA 1836. Messrs. DHOBGEI DAVIES &SO Di have ha- more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish ment.andpossesspraatioalXnowledqx of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, "Colonial and Yoreigu Patent Laws," price is. 9BORGR DAVIRS, D.R., SOK, P.1.P.A., 4.1 T. &NN SSQUARE!, VAHOHRSTRR.

USTAB 1850. —Hulme's Best Female Pills' ara sold In 11 boxes, Is. 10., N. 9d. ; extra 4s. 6d. Useful and instructive booklet, post free.—HULMES. Chemists. Nottingham.

B4IIDNISSS.—Wby despair when 61. will bring you a large sample tin of the wonderful 20th Century new hair- producer. If you have failed elsewhere try this (sent in plain wrapper), send at once to Pd. UEED al SONS, 133, The Grove, Stratford, torsion, 14. (Please men*ion this pane.)

CEureka Cure" stops that Intolerable Itching at once and speedily reduces. swelling and inflammation. Money refunded if not effective. 80. and Is. id. post free.—Ptrr, chemist, Barnstaple.

ESTAB. 1850.—Hulme's • Best Female Pills ' are sold in boxes, ls. lid., 2s 9d. ; extra tls. 6d. Useful and instructive booklet post free.—Butatits,Chetnlnt,Nottineham rIHILBEAINS AND BAD OIIjUL&TIOr4 cured by one 1,/ bottle of Kurol. Also indispensable in cases of Rheu- matism. Sciatica, Ac., Is. 2d. poet free.—KustoL IJo., 27, South John nt., Liverpool.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, 'The old rand :tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA RBFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTIL Ihe original can be had of ALL OHRMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accent an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME; Is. 11. d., Is. 9d., 4s. 6d.:the prices. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S] CHLORODYNE. •

2/- BOOTS. PER PAIR. LAMES OR GENTS PER PAIR YON A POSTAL OROS ft VA LUE 2s. and an under taking to give a little assistance as directed in pushing the sale and advertising our" HAMM FOOTWHAR," we will send you without any further charge a pair of high-class Boots which you could not purchase In the ordtntry way Of trade for less than eight shillings. This Is an advertising offer and cannot be long continued. We want you to shOw our bpots to your friend,. We want every purchaser to become an advertiser. Send now. There is nothing more to pay, State 61Z3 and whether broad, narrow or medium toes are required. WARRINGTON, HOLLAND & CO., 235, HIGH UOLBORN, LONDON. W.C.

GA RN ETT'S NEW DEPARTMENT" to snit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- roams SANKEY STREET. GA RNETT'S.

61)e Oramintr g/ertes THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER is published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lynam, Ac., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers In Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper MM. prises a large trading and agricultural tract in tsouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. %MIR RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the 'Town and District, and °Nara the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. TEE WIDNES EXAMINER. published every onturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a I rapidly growing centre of industry. rvica EArtLBSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of 2.ariestown, Newton-te- Willows, Golborne, 11aydock, Lowton Sta. The district thus co Tiorised is a most important part of the Lancashire coal Belt% rptm Sr. HISLICNS EXAMINEE. published every JL Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr. Sutton. Palpate.? those. Ac.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pftEPAID A DVERTISENIENTSI APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WtNTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOSE'. MISCELLANRoUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Weep.. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. .. Is. 3d. ... Is. Od. 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9cl. ... Is. lid. ... is. Od. So. Od. 36 ... is. Od. is. 6d. ... 4s. Od. Sc. Pd. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 6s. OS. ... 'is. Od. 54 ... is. 6d. ... is. 85. ... 6s. Oct. 10s. Pd

THE EXAMINER. JANUARY lltb, 1908.

assaulted his wife because she asked him to go and look I for work. Prisoner was sent to gaol for six weeks on each charge, three months in all. The magistrates granted the wife a separation order, with an allowance of Bs. a week. RAILWAY FATALITY AT WIDNES. ! .At Widnes, on Saturday, an inquiry was held into the death of Samuel Enight,aged sixty-four,residing with his cousin in Fensley Cross-lane,St.Helens.lt appeared that on the lst inst.,l: night said to his cnusin,Mrs.Lacey,that I he would take a walk to Widnes and see some friends. I At 1.45 in the afternoon he bought a railway ticket from I Appleton to Widnes. As the train did not go until 5.39 Ihe said tie would go and have a drirk. By some means or other he strayed away, and got on to the siding behind the Vine railway box. Daring shunting opera- tions at 5.30 he was knocked down by some waggons and badly mangled, his head being almost severed from his body. The jury,after hearing the evidenge,rettumed a verdict of" Aciclental death." NIAGARA A MERE CASCADE. A question which travellers often ask each other in varions parts of ths world (says the "Travel Magazine," New York), is : " What is really the greatest natural wonder on earth ?" It is easy an answer now, since the stupendous Falls of the Zambesi River have been dis- covered • ,ane of the world's mightiest rivers, two miles wide, falling sheer 420 foot. Niagara is only half a mile wide and Triß fret high, so that, it figures as a mere cascade in comparison.

Tgon 2.11, uaras up --• I Strengthe It is not alone the quantity of food one eats that makes for bodily weight and strength; the food must be properly digested and assimilated. Angier's Emulsion is a great help in this direction. It keeps the diges- tive organs healthy and aids assimilation and absorption. As a recuperative in all cases of lung, stomach or bowel weak- ness, or after any severe illness, Angier's Emulsion has no equal. ANGIER'S EMULSION (Petroleum with Hypophosphites.) Of Chemists, 1/13, 219 and 416. TESTIMONIAL FROM A SCHOOL MISTRESS. Dear Sirs,—l have used Angier's Emulsion for some years, and con- sider it a valuable help when at all run down. From my position as mistress of a large school, opportuni- ties frequently occur of recom- 1 mending this pre- paration, and in '41....,..:.---: 1, \ all cases good results have fol- lowed its adoption. (Name given privately.) ll ), virotr—;„::. \,,, AFREESANIPLE (6::.zi:--•r\. , on receipt of 3d. postage. , ANGIER CHEMICAL CO. .. 32 Snow Hill, London. E.C. ' I. _ -I

DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PEL4ETS Are a new remedy, whieb have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all diseases ofthe Kidneys, &c. If you suffer. take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache, Ric. Write at once enclosing r a stampc for one hdx or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co.. 63, NRIAOR SQUARF. SOUTHWARK, LONDON. S.E,

- - O. B'rap: : CHILDREN t. SLEEP WELL ' - when they are healthy and their • food is doing its proper work. • THE BEST FOOD IS Neave9s Food. which for more than 8o years has Iyoung ~ helped life preserve and build up the f f the Country. prepareden according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and ' assimilated by the most delicate 4 Infant and forms A COMPLETE DIET. , In I!- St 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets.

_ .11P11 ') 9 ).11.---.- L 'if' two la e ~7-: if 1:., ir. ILK 1,,, V hest- • lel I, 4 i \ s.t:itidOrd of Pury.t,t7.-

I THE SETTLERS IDEAL HOME . . ‘ , NEw zEAL A‘ Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill -\C-\ % ..4 & Albion Co.. The New Zealand Shipping Co.. and the ..----/ '-)....,7 , .. '...• Federal Steam Navigatiou Co., for Ee. JO 30 ILY IC 1E ID N., „. I' 1 . FM. Et El 3 for 2nd and 3rd Class Passages. At the ts; OP, •' present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, Ni; oftsb,..% ii- . Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Wooa Cutters and i. men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if - _ . .. , ' • . approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates „..-.-- ' 4,,••,',.....1., ---.-- ' - subject to their taking with them not less than £2. For i i i 0.0 I. p":„.;:_ ....-.....:,.---..2.4 -.. application forms ifssormionseranfodr frewhezreainlafnormmatt,iovnicatpoprilay stotretehte, ff --- ~," -,:ws—w...-t.'.a‘•!"-•• London, or the Agents in the United Kingdom of the ' V • . . . - . •above Shipping Companies. . ‘.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. NORTHERN UNION. RESULTS OP SATURDAY'S MATCHES. G. T. P. G. T. P. New Zealand THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. Bradford *Oldham *Wigan *Rochdale H. 1 2 8 Runcorn 0 2 6 The following matches were postponed on account of froet :—Batley v. Wakefield Trinity, Dewsbury v. Hull, L'ramley v. Hunslet, Huddersfield v. York, Ebbw Vale v. Keighley, Widnes v. Barrow, Swinton v. Broughton Rangers, Warrington v. Salford, and Leigh v. Merthyr. ROCHDALE HORNETS v. RUNCORN. At Rochdale. About 4,000 spectators witnessed this match. The keen frost had made the ground very bard, but although Runcorn protested against the match being played, the referee decided that the ground was , fit. The visitors adopted the aggressive tactics right I away, and the game was not many minutes old when Jolley kicked over Rigg's bead, and Butterworth, beating Hartley in the race for the ball, scored. Jolley failed at goal. The Hornets then attacked, and a smart round of passing between Baxter, Schofield, micl Threlfall enabled the latter to score a try, which Farrar failed to convert. Threlfall, Ba7rter, and Farrar were prominent with dashing runs, and shortly afterwards the forwards rushed a scrummage near the Runcorn line, and Dearden scored. Baxter kicked a goal. Then the visitors raced away, and Jolley made a big effort to break through the defence, but he was tackled. Half-time score : Rochdale Hornets 1 goal, 2 tries (8 points), Runcorn 1 try (3 points). The game was resumed without interval. From a cross kick by Baxter, aibson had the misfortune to lose the ball, and a minute later he struggled over the line, but was ruled back. The visitors had another spell of attacking as the result of Schofield's kick being charged down. Harrison, the visiting full back, got possession from a long kick, and after a splendid run crossed at the cornet. Jolley failed to convert. Runcorn were penalised, and Baxter made a good,though unsuccessful, shot at goal. Result :—Rochdale Hornets 1 goal, 2 tries (8 points), Runcorn, 2 tries (6 points). WIGAN v. ST. HELENS. Although the ground at Central Park had been covered, the frost had hardened the playing pitch to such an extent that it was only a few minutes from the advertised hour of commencement when it was decided to open the gates and proceed with the game. Some 6,000 persons assembled to witness the hostilities. Four minutes after the kick off the " Saints " took the lead, Prescott rushing over from a scramble, and M. Creevey adding the goal. Wigan, however, soon drew level from a try secured by Treharne, Leytham having a successful shot at the St.Helens goal. Then Leytham can in a fine try, and added the second goal, whilst he got over again later on, his example being followed by Blears and Coulthard. Wigan started the second half with a margin of 14 points in their favour, and directly after the restart the Wigan captain registered his third try. Miller was the next to score, 'l'. Thomas gosling, and in the sub- sequent operations Cheetham and Silcock credited themselves with tries. Leytham landing his third goal. Early on the visitors lost the services of Lee, who had to be carried off the ground, whilst soon after the , interval the Wigan A'elshman, Treharne, had a fall and dislocated his shoulder. Result :—Wigan 4 goals 9 tries (35 points), St. Helens 1 goal 1 try (5 points).

.Inst Publisted. Cr. Svo„ Cloth. Price 38.8 d. net, 'The Master Beast' A.D. 1888-2020. By HORACE W. C. N:ZEWTE. A Novel, to vanquish SOCiRIiSIII, giving II graphic account of the ruthless tyranny inflicted on the British reople by Socialism in A.D. 2929. "A veritable tth(Mph."—Western Morning Nws.' MONISM? An Antidote to Prot. ll:Levi:eV* "The Bidnle et the Unirerse." By S. Ph. Ma liCtiS, M.D. Trans. by R. W. FELKIN, M.D., etc. "Distinctly good."—Chriatian Life. Cr. 5v0.,144 pp., Paper Covers, U., net ; by post 12.24. LcncuoN: REIMAN. Ltd., 129, Shaftesbury AT., W.C.

UPSE AFFISMIt. BRONCHITIg, etc. .Or ri 117 :t.st p, OLD M&NDALL Co. lA. (Dept. AM.) • Stock t on- on-Tess. 4 4 ' • coryclineo.r tIEwARC IMITZIOII3

. . .. , ..it „,,,,- EfttJS,L..::...l,-....., . • ra ~.1 - A. t‘, , . , ciP--..---iik, 4_,L V..:,4, ~ •>47,.." ,',.ert.'"l', ' r• ,r, 15 P.<o , .' - -4q:,;:.'e-ie ' • \ 6 , Amethyst and Pearl ..or. Ti011t"1-‘ 'Nitk r ' 02r Brooch, 61.12.6. J. . ',,,i2•"04.:"',',,jr, .1 -fr.. ~ 4.0 -,,,,..• ...4,c7t7r. Q.,..'''-••' `7"' .40, •0 --,, ' - r.--,,-2 • , 4 1 \ ..,0...) ' -0-:41! . • 0 . - .• IN (6'-z% • .4 % /-,4 '- .. Amethyst and Pearl Pendant, £3.10. Arneth3-st and Pearl Brooch, Amethyst and Pearl Pendant, £5.5. -#'..,, - ~,.... tEleizz=7„,,,,7lA„ - ~. 0•'—""'"""""'",=-** 4'4.'4,- - • ----• • ..• .., i : Amethyst and Pearl Amethyst and Pearl Safety Brooch, 24/-. ',O-.o' GC' i' Safety Brooch, 13/6. " ..___..,.._,_,.„....c..:.. ...._ _ ..I. ~ .. Amethyst and Pearls, £5. o'i Obtainable '• 01111111111211..• IMany other ,----14`. --itzt:', .t- (20 .... by .. 4SE.AoIp e.,yy• I, .*67/..r.e..1r),C'4:;', . Designs in ir''':--- K- :"..' :...--.., •-• J-10.--:.. --''it•..= "" . ' gat 01m-0 'OO ‘44't :e• ' 0r.., . ~ ( Amethysts, Diamond &c. ''' PAYMENTS - Points, £6.10. " At Cash PtiCeS ILLUSTRATED No. I, of Watches, Chains. Rings (with Size Card), Jewellery. ~ , .• - No. 2, of Imperial .4 Silver Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit Cases, Clocks. , .• ~ - ROHS FREE. Pretty and•yet Inexpensive Articles in Silver for presents. , 62 86 641 LUDGATE HILL, .: . . .... .....

INSTANT RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by _CADE'S PILLS. "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " 14, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester, Novemb r 15th, 1906. Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a constant sufferer from severe attacks of rheumatism, oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time and could get nothing to bring relief. I was, however induced to try your Pills, and THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith !fa the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce me to be without a bottle of them in the house ; in fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other things than be without them a single week. Yours gratefully, , JAMES BARLOW. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or .0. by the proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road London I EADE'S GOUT &

Are you Bothered by Biliousness • Many people are. It is a very common form of liver trouble, and a very unpleasant one, involving sick-headache, nausea, dizziness, and often complete prostration during an attack. When you are bilious you require something that will effectively stimulate th, Liver and give speedy relief, and there is no better medicine for this purpose than • • ,l, 'IP • 9 s • , i•k„,. 4 • •% .• ik• because they act directly on the congested organ, regulate the flow of bile and carry off all impurities. But the good effects of Beecham's Pills are not only confined to the regulation of the liver. The complexion improves, the dark circles under the eyes disappear, the head clears, and the general health is renewed. Beecham's Pills are purely vegetable and a safe medicine for mart, woman, and child. Take them as directed whenever there is need to Exercise the Liver. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1i (56 pills) 219 (168 pills).

MERRYWEAT HER ON •WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamohlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

Hoomii.couGH i,..., cßoup 111•111111111MMI I The Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal:Medicine, ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacious in cases of ~...... BRONcHiTin;i:Umifilffb- and RHEUMATISM Price 4s. per Bottle, of all Chemists. - W. EDWARD% & Sort, 157, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng.

.... . _. . ........_. To the firstfitandred Orders of Laos Ceirtainp. Whige as 6111101.1111111111Pliaent of Lace. tinique Value and , . Offer not to be missed. Send ro,tal Order. Money returned U not FR E , satisfied. e''' yaiflaTOrna;, 37-g ,3 /36, ;12-19,?!.:;;rdaa ~J.::;''' long, 41, 6/-. 6/-. Au leng‘na • FFREE'', stnd price. kept in st,ek. ' .... Dept a . BASF° HD T.11..."1r CURTAIN CO.. 88 Upper '.• Parliament filt.,N otting'har, x CIFTor LACE- Special lines of Lace Parcei P pep. . •• ' toil.

MATROZONE Ensure° SAFE and NATURAL ACCOUCHEMENT. Healthy children. Marvellous recovery of mother. Your chemist can obtain it, or post tree 5/6.—Send stamp for Free Booklet to VILNOZONE Co. (Dept. 18), North Shield', England.

THIS WO :ILO-FAMED BLOOD PAINED warraated to Cleanse the Bh,oct frotu all from whatever cause arising. Iu eases of ECZ,33IA. S.C.t:ZOPULA. SCUIO/I', GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, GAD LEGS, ABSt;F,SSF.S. P. 1.0-.),..) POISON, BOILS. PIMPLES. (iOUT and al: SIUN otl 'LO)) lEASS, itcn'Abit's arti Thow;anag of toatiraor.iala of wouderfn; cur:.s froin all rarts of the orll. Rentembor that this wn:tderful MedicinP prswitANENTLY CURE ALI ‘r.t,lfq A. a:3l nrin nterf2ll,*,Ct d Oi ail Cmists aid stores, 2,:9 par BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. "OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF." 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, Reading, October Ist, 1906. Dear writidg these lines to you to testify to the value of your Gout Pills. My father' who is now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact one of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer and I myself suffer from the same complaint. :ly father and brother -IBTAINED GREAT RELIEF from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I sho aid use them, and thid I have done for the last five years, and have always found them to almost relieve me at once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not take offence at this poor letter, I remain, yours truly, J. HOPSON (a working man). EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all juriaus matter, and are highly restorative. old everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. lEUMATIC PILLS.I

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONThissuccessfu po- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by R cord. Rostanjobort,Vel p- eat. & oth••rs, surpasses everything hitherto emuloved for imuuritvolhlood.spots,blotches,pain & ofioints, kidneyluladder & urinary diseases, stricture, diseliates, piles, gravel,painsin bash, gont,rl,eurna tism,exhauston, slecplessnes.,, &c. Three forms. Nos.l, 2& 2. according- to rEsea,rs. Pri:•e 2!9 (narfcrlars itt. stamp) post free in Gr.-1t Britain from Th, Le Clurc Nfediei C,.. T-laver- stock itoad,llarnp

, ? r,‘ M .?, rr ;,',A r 1 liTqc r POD . 1% 1 V"E ( ~..,4!iit JAI . J 1i„ , i t 11 ...,

(kEifNG'S
