===== 0002601_19080620_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W YCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH' BEWPEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SuzuDAY), JUNII 21sT, 1908. PREACHER: 10.30 AND 6.33, REV. J. YONGE. COLLECTIONS FOR LANCASHIRE CONGREGATIONAL

===== 0002601_19080620_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTTISH NATIONAL EXHIBITION, BAUG EITON PARK, EDINBURGH.

WEDNESDAY. JUNIII 24nr. eI:rrLAND'3 DAY NATIONAL CELEBRATION

GREAT GATHERING OF SCOTS FROM ALL (JOUNTRIES. 14USTERING OF CLANSMEN, GRAND GATHERING OF PIPE BANDS. PIPE BAND CONTEST. HIGHLAND DANCING COMPETITION. SCOTS BRASS RANDS, HISTORIC GROUPS FROM SCOTLAND'S PAGEANT. SPLENDID COSTUMR PARIOR OF CYCLISTS, CHARACTERS FROM SIR WALTER SCOTT'S NOVRLS GRAPHICALLY ILLUSTRATIM. COMMEMORATIVE SCOTTISH CONCERT

- - I.ow, -,AND SCOTS AND GAICLIO SONGS AND MUSIC.

~Conle and Cilebrate this greit DCCB3IOI2 Held In -nOnour of Scotland. It ig expected that where possible the National 44eas will be worn. HOURS OF ADMISSION 10 A.M. To 10 P.M. ADULTS le.; 011ILDHHN 6D.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
..4 .. . • .....- 4 .. ' -,;_ ... ' '-• ' t ,4'...i,:t• .-,-:. t AZt' '''' q --ik -..--- • 1-..:.,:-..-.1.- ...1.,. ,•:. ,--•:, %;.. • ,-.... 4 N..„ ~,.. .. .. _ ~...' _,... 2, 11, . f ,;1 '?:! 14:4:- ',Xis i,:k .. .2.„, ti• -., -, -t-,-. i., ~. . , . .... Jet,. , , ‘.0,.. , t, .... ~ 0.,,.. .4 Zit, •-. ~.. 7:1. /kir r" / .igr''' ...- ~., ...:, -,":14;1',- ' (k,...0 '.., / ``: ' ,:4-0° '411.,,,5e. ` `•9,- , 'vv.-. S-...z. * ./.... ....,-‘, " -':.f."l:-..z,t1 . , .14:7 '!" T'‘.- ''''-',. 1 '—' ' ,1...

SIUTUFMAY, alums 20, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
No 1632

co ~ T. 49

0

T Row RAPS TO PARIS, land, Switzerland, dm, -1 personally conducted by Futtx Mau, 163 K, Lee st., Oldham. Stamp.

CRIMEAN & INDI 4N MUTINY VETERANS' FUND. LIST OF SUBSOHIPTIONS. £ e. d. J. J. Weekly Capt. George B. Crostield Els Worahip the Mayor (Aid. tmethurst) 2 2 0 Major O. J. Simpson Capt. C. F. F. Ferrers Caroline Rylands Johnson and Potter *F. A. Frost 'Sr. Cr. R oddock 1 1 0 W.E.I. Co-operative Society 1 1 0 Capt. A. F. G. Potter Canon Fenrhyn *Miss Massy J. D. Buckton *Cecil S. Crosa Major A. F. Eundock *William and Seger Owen 0 13 6 Martin Nicholls 0 1) 6 Councillor James Bail •*Dr. J. ACiATII9 David B. Ra,stwood *Ws. Mary Banks Joseph Banks 0 6 0 *Annual Subsmiptions. The Committee appeal for support to this dorerv- lug cause. Subsori ptlonl, which are urgently needed, may be paid into any of the I,llarringt-n Banks or to the Borough Treasurer at Bank Moore. JAMES SMIMIURST, Mayor. TO AID THE vETBRAPS. AN EXHIBITION OF THE ARTIOLE3 con- tributed by the Ladles of Warrington and District FOR THE BAZAAR AND FETE IN LONDON, will be held AT THE TOWN HALL, WAREINGION, on TUESDAY, the 23rd instant. from 3 to 5 o'clock. AN INSPECTION Is CORDIALLY INVITED. Articles will be on Sale. JANIS SMETHURST, Mayoress. SYLVIA DECADES:AT, Hon Sec.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ONE PENNY

===== 0002601_19080620_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
impammaiiiman

===== 0002601_19080620_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH

Eranchesrat:

7id. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. pe annum. Bir Pon' is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

TEETH

Smart Goods for Walking THE

TEETH ANSOUSUBUENT /Um TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH TEETH DAVE OPENED AT TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., TEETH WARRINGTON,:

ANDnWaLI gATTEND TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 ;

NORTHWICH andAWINSVOIID. (See Local Papers) ,

Day.

co.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT

LIMITED.

Are now showing choicest designs in

Fo TWEAR. See our windows for special display of liovelties for the season.

. ‘

SMARTEST STYLES. LOWEST PRICES.

UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

lIMMINECM Jo Ea WARREN! 150 WILDERSPOOL RD. /6 Warrington. Telephone 54z. WHOLESALE BUILDERS' MERCHANT, COAL LIME, BRICKS, FIRE-CLAY, GOODS, DRAIN PIPES, CEMENT, PLASTER, SHARP SAND AND CLAY. Agent, fer the ACCRINGTON BRICE & TILE CO., SKELSEYS' ADAMANT CEMENT, ENQUIRIES INVITED. • - -

===== 0002601_19080620_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABI..IBHED 1838.

RICHARD JEFFREYS; 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, DRAWN MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Weddlni and Birthday Presents, pchool Prizes, &e. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY ROUTER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI. and BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTION: OF PICTURES IN lIIERIATIONAL. TATE AND OTHER GALLERIHS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVING?.

_ THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIAINEYSI From Iin79IBEUEZ AIOUNIFIELI), Tel. 350 y. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In Red Cr Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. Cd. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on application.

NO BETTER VALUE

or SMARTER GOODS can be procured in either LIVERPOOL or MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE M.

Cs D.

CLOTIIING

HAS BEEN WELL TRIED AND STANDS ALL TESTS. HORSEMARKET STREET,

8 and 10,

WARRINGTON.

GEORGE lIENR,Y

LEE & CO., LTD.

COMPLETION OF NEW. PREMISES WITH THE FINEST AND MOST UP-TO-DATE SHO W ROOM S

IN THE KINGDOM. NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS AND INSPECTION.

Nj-i'M SHOWROOMS FOR

-STREET, WITH ELEVATOR

AND GRAND STAIRCASE TO ALL FLOORS.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LTD.,

BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

iLEPHONE ti°2924

via c-°r, t„.

BOWLING _GREENS.

, STREE7

/•NAiICH'

flintsrs anb limb an Oale.

ill LACK BBAR HOBS% LiVIONPOnD on Sale or to be I/ Let ; very enitaule for contractormal dealer or laundry bualneal.—Apply P. DOBION, Black Beer House.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"EXAMINER 1 OFFICE.

LOTISICO (approved by Royal Decrees) Insures £lOOO (Sterling) Ur £lO Premium.

_ Ask for prospectus, LOTISIGO WBILINGTON CHAMBIRES, 46, CANON KRIM, LONDON, E.Q. Agents Wants

PRINTING.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

FURNITURE, CARPETS, ENGLISH & FOREIGN RUGS, LINOLEUMS, CURTAINS, , TAPESTRIES, DRAPERY, ;TT

300r0t51 Thom Itbe *tork bt•t,

O N SaLB, By HOUR, 5 year 4 old, 15-2 suitab'e for a brougham ;ako a tow-wheeled DO% CAST, suitable for one or pair of borees.—Apply SO, EWISLEY rd., Wigan.

G 'VINO CP.—Eight Cart and Light Lurry HORSES and kJ MAIM ; sound and good workers ; trial allowed ; RIO to £3O ; Lurriet, Carta, and Gears cheap, —J. Tua NEB. 13, Cowers et., Rutsvistle rd., Rochdale.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

NATIOMAI.TEL MI ‘--__-=., --- e S , I:, !: _____=—_7_ • ..----1— .'- ~,,f 00011.LD FENOWNED - th ' ilk F i ti ..::. „. i'.... 4: 42. • 42. SACKVI LIE lESTER.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER

11111111.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
2 ALWAYS USE McDOUGALL'S Pent SELF-RAISING FLOUR Tr IS TUE BEST. WOMA N'S REAL M. SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

MAGNETS FOR HANDLING GLASS.

It has been proposed to use ele6tro-mag- nets for lifting and handling large panes of glass. This is accomplished by placing a piece of sheet iron under the glass, and ap- plying one or more electro-magnets on the upper fa-cis of the glass. The electro-magnets attract- the sheet iron, and thereby hold the glass suspended while moving.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S GHAT.

The Suffragists' Den enstrations.—Fine weather I /secured the first of the two great Suffragist demon- tar:tier a in Londen, viz., the procession and Albert I Hall meeting oqanised by the London Society for rneu's Suffrage, and several other hundred Associa- tier s. It was n tr,ca,o ration of tie Constitutioeal Suffragists headed by Lady Frances Balfour, Mrs. Henry I Fancett, Lady Perry Somerset, and other ardent and j life-lerg Stffrapists, who have always worked for I eerrens' political freedom. Many women well-Leona in scciol end professienal circles and not a few wear- ing academic comes and regalia were to be seen in the' precession, ehich cerni ered several thousands repre- sentative of all classes, Item &eters, eriters,actres.ses, atd nurses, and don estic Ft milts end factory girls. i With bands, and tanners flying, and there were nearly a thousand harmers altogether, the different sections I aroused coesidera hie interest and enthusiasm as they passed along the streets, and the organisers were well eatisfed with the success of their demonstration, the attitude of the public being, for the most part, empa- thetic. The splendidly organised pre cession of ten I Meteor:el won en was a new thing tor London, and it very evidently impressed the crowds that it was a, &rue rat ration of a winning cause. Most of the women; who base eaten priscn fare for the glory of the cause , took part in the processicn and meeting, but the militant suffragists held their own Hyde Park demon- Etration on Sunday, June 21st. Special trairs are to be ten to bring adherents from all parts of the country and it is expected that this great demonstration upon which over £IO,CCO has teen expended will he attended ty cter a qesrter of a milli( n people. The Anti-Suffrage Movernene—Hitharto the Buffra- gises have had things much their own way. but they will row have organised opposition in the field against them. The Anti-Suffrage Association, under the Countess of Jersey, Lady Haversham, Julia, Marchioness of Tw(edale, 'Mrs. Humphrey Ward rind other well- known women, has been formed to carry on a campaign in the country against the Suffragist propaganda, and it is proposed to hold a counter-demonstration to the one in Hyde Park organised by the militant Suffragists. Of course both sides claim to speak in a measure for the whole of womanhood, but there is little doubt that most of the enthusiasm will continue to be found in the vitnps of the Suffragists. There have been Anti- Suffrage Societies before, but they never had anything but a feeble existence, even in Victorian times, when it might be expected that they would meet with a larger measure of sympethy and support than they are likely to arouse nowadays. Girls' Edncation.—Dr. Elizal•eth Blackwell, now in her BSth year, was the pioneer in opening up the medical profession to women, and her Dame was mscribed on one of the banners carried in the Suffragists precession last Saturday. She ens born in Bristol, and emigrated to America with her father in 1532. There she graduated as Doctor of Medicine iu 18-10,some sixteen years before Mrs. Garrett Anderson, sister of Mrs. Henry Fawcett became qualified medical practioner in this country. Since those time girls' education has undergone vast changes, rind it is interesting to note that reforms in this direction are at last mating their appearance in Germany. In that country the " new woman "is still in a state of infancy. However well-educated a girl may be, she is taught that her proper sphere is to com- bine the duties of cook, housemaid, and nurse, and to line in subjection to her lord and master. Now it seems she is to be allowed after this year to n.atriculate at the Prussian Universities,a step towards the equality of the sexes, which has come as a considerable shock to German bachelors and husbands. Dearer Meat.—HollECß IVCs are accustomed to tinter).- Hens in the prices of food, but none effects the average ; household more acutely than dear meat, and the general , increase of a penny to twopence per pound is said to be but a preliminary to the higher prices we may expect to shortly have to pay the butchers.—lf that is the Care it will mean considerable hardship to the great bulk of the population. There are vast numbers of people, more so in England and Wales than Scotland 2nd Ireland who ruin their health in middle life by j eating too much meat. They wonld he very much I better if higher prices induced them to consume a lesser quantity, but those to ehom dear meat means mere cr less enforced vegetarianism, belong to the large class of persons who have not the means to indulge as a rule, in a large carnivorous appetite. -Various reasons are given for the increase in prices, some economic, sad some artificial, such DS the manipulations of the American beef trust. Expert opinion however is mostly agreed that higher prices have come to stay hut reduced consumption will pro- bably have some effect, especially if that large section of the public with the means to command a wido choice of foods, would resolve to do as far as possible without butchers' meat. -Of all fruits, the most

The Strawberry Season--s. is the home-grown strawberry for which ne now look on the afternoon tea table. Like everything else, the strawberry has not escaped miticism, and it is said to be bad for those pro-disposed to gout, rheu- matism, and other ailments, but very few are deterred by such warnings from en indulgence in this most luscious fruit. Fortunately the objection to the straw- berry do not apply to strawberry jam, which housewives will soon he busy making. For this purpose the berries should be picked just order ripe, and it is all the better i if the juice of crushed gooseberries or red currants is added to the boiling. it is no lire trying home jam- snaking without a proper preserving pan, and it should Foil, not merely simmer or bubble, vhich means a longer process, during vhich the jam is all the time losing flavour and colour. Pots or jars should be made Lot, the contents being poured in boiling up to the brim, and they should be tied down immediately. ; Borne-made jam should be kept in a wain' dry closet, end should never be stored in a cold place. Washing Gloves.—The washing gloves in reindeer ' and doeskin, are greatly to the fore in shopland. hut as so many of us have discovered that their period of utility frequently fails to extend beyond the first wash, they are less in demand than formerly. The best plan is to invest in a good quality washing glove, and then undertake the washing process ourselves. The mistake the majority make is to rinse these gloves in clear water. They should be well rubbed upon the hands in -warm soapy wafer, and then rinsed in another basin of soapy water. The clean hither will thus be left in the gloves, and when dry they will be soft and pliable, and hot break into the holes of which so many wearers complain. An Excellent Example.—No fashionable woman ' dreams of wearing a linen, cotton or muslin gown, a second time, until it has been ironed, thus affording an example lesser lights would do well to follow, for quite apart from the improved appearance the ironing process Imparts, it certainly staves off the dip into the tub, and the gown's days are thereby lengthened. There is no doubt that we should gain much from a more general use of the iron, many a voile or silk gown, cloth or serge tailor-made, being the better for a smooth out, and pressing about the seams, flounces and hems. A skirt board covered with an old clean blanket, a sleeve board similarly treated, a tiny iron for those parts a medium iron cannot reach, and a" goose "—a very deep very narrow, and very heavy iron—should be stocked by all girls and women who aspire to cool summer attire at little cost, and to making or even keeping their clothes in good condition all the year round. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A HOUSEHOLD NECESSITY.

DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS SHOULD BE IN EVERY HOME.

In the best regulated families the little ills cif life will creep in. Some member of the family circle may occasionally suffer from Biliousness or Indigestion, and one of the other will from time to time exhibit the well-known symptoms of Constipation. .From these little trovbles most serious complaints arise, and should therefore not pe neglected. The slight headache, bad breath, and a discoloured tongue ore the index to a dis- ordered stomach, and the necessity of keeping a safe, sure, and reliable remedy in the house is apparent. By following such a course the more expensive rpethod of calling in a doctor will be. quite unnecessary. Many people are more or less subject to same weakness, and when the

, latter gives warning of its approach, it is both ..

wise and reasonable to adopt some means of preventing symptoms developing into serious illness. DT. Morse's Indian Root Pills are a perfect Blood Purifier, and a sure remedy for Biliousness, Constipation, indigestion, Headaches, Sallow Complexion, Liver and Kidney Troubles, Piles, Pimples, Bolls and Blotch, s, and for Female ailments. For sale by all Chemists and. Stores, price 1/11 per bottle, or d bottles for 6/6, or will he sent by the Proprietors, The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, B.C. A free sample will be forwarded on receipt of H. stamp. STRIKING POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking displaon Hoardings and walls. JOHN WALKER & CO., Bewsey St., Warrington.

' lit ~'i. L' 1; • i.,,, ,-;11 i, i , itit.'•••, ' IttORSESi4II- - .1 DIRECTION.; 1, I _ CHILDREN. A ,0,.., TO A I, • 711 711•1'„"T',IETO"W'A'ITO ' t! .7.1 n bo.iv• retvwel. t iINDIAN ROOT ' t , . 1 PILLS f

===== 0002601_19080620_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-110ME.

WEDDING PRESZNT VICTIMS.

The most acute sufferers from our system of wedding presents, declares -Clare North in M. A. P., are in reality the bride and bride- groom. She instances the case of the bride upon whom everyone showers silver. Every bride, she says. receives a vast deal too much silver. The metal is cheap, and can be purchased in a variety of shapes and patterns; consequently rose-bowls and vases, sugar sifters and cream jugs are showered upon the unhappy pair. A recent bride received no fewer than thirty-seven silver boxes, a massive silver fish, for which no use could be found, thirteen silver ink-pots, forty-four silver photograph frames (mostly small), four sets of coffee-cups in silver stands, at least a hundred silver things such as candle- sticks, tiny clocks, cake - knives, silver-topped bottles, pepper-pots, brushes, and calendars, to say nothing of the necessary tea and coffee ser- vices, trays, entrée dishes, and other household silver. And this girl can only afford to keep a nook-general and a house-parlourmaid. What a world of trouble lies in front of her!

===== 0002601_19080620_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BMA= SXIIiT FOR. WASHING MATEDIALS.

The smart and remarkably pretty skirt pictured in the accompanying sketch is distinctly new in shape, and is particularly well suited to realisation in washing Materials, alpaca, or de- laine. Round the top of the skirt comes a minute hip-yoke which in front- develops into a box- pleat of considerable width. The edges of the yoke are finished by a line of machine-stitching, whicla is carried down the box-pleat on either

ekb for a distance of five or six inches, below which the pleat is released and hangs loosely to the bottom. On to this yoke the fulness of the skirt is set in a succession of short tucks, all of which aro firmly machined down to the depth of the box-pleat in front, and then released. Three tucks of graduated widths ornament the bottom "Of the skirt, and a group of similar but narrower tucks placed about the level of the knees com- plete this charming model.

, ~:,,...„,„ , r,''....".7:',..,,,,::„;,,.1,,,,,„.. . .::,,,,‘,.„, . /7 . , i VI,L4IIIT li pill, 'if/J.:, . ' , rifo ,-• • .41,11 IP', ,z, \ ‘k, TO \', . •.'\ .\‘ f'4!,•- 1j - ::.-_-_, -_=.l:4 _- ' '.l'‘,\, 1 1 i 1 \ \ ----\k,',----7-1-.--- . ._._.•-• - _,-

===== 0002601_19080620_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LITTLE TIE.

All sorts of little and big ties and cravats are worn now, and the narrow ribbon or silk model with tassels or balls of silver or gold to finish it off is too popular to be suited to exclusive taste. But it i a variation of the usual idea, says the Queen, to wear it tied and with the ends pen- dent at the back insfead of under the chin. And the ribbon thus, passing plainly round the throat in front can bo secured with one of the new slides or sustain a jewel at the wearer's discra- tion. Sometimes the balls at the ends are of real stones; a pretty set of turquoise pave work completed a tie of this sort seen recently, and in front a larger ball to match hung from the rib- bon, which in this case hacl been knotted there to form a loop for the ball. Tassels of seed pearls or garnets look very pretty used thus, and a couple of mid-Victorian earrings with gold tassels falling from filigree balls had been utilised in this manner, the balls making a pair of hand- some hatpins.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN AND THE VOTE.

If "The National Women's Anti-Suffrage As- sociation" is to succeed, it must not wholly de- pend for support upon the efforts of members of the social standing of those who signed the cir- cular letter sent out the other day, declares " Miranda " in the Lady's Pictorial. The associ- ation must bring into its ranks 7„eal working women; women who have had some experience pf the seamy side of life; women who make no noise in the world, but bravely do the duty in which circumstances have placed them. Women such as these could tell us what effect for good or evil the " vote " might have upon their lives, and more especially whether they have reason to think that the lack of it has added to their trials.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A D.kINTY LITTLE FROCK.

Pictured in our sketch is a delightfully pretty little frock of rather new shape. This charming garment is extremely simple in design, but so summery and dainty in effect that it would serve perfectly well as a "best" frock for the next few months. The original was carried out in white spotted muslin of not too transnarent weave. Down the front. from .top to bottom of the dress, came a wide box-pleat, which at the neck was out in a little V and edged with a band of Irish

crochet. From this box-pleat turned back a shaped collar, which narrowed sharply towards the waist, and was edged all round by the Irish crochet. A band of the same crochet adorned the skirt, which was very full and stood out in most jaunty fashion. The little frock was completed by a folded waistband of forget-me-not blue satin ribbon, which was finished in front, on either side of the box-pleat, by a big soft rosette,

~.,...---,... T....0w-- eitl.TdT ( Z 4> 1-- n d -b ,L. - •3-'. 1 !it' .--tr"--''. ... I,‘, . itij'i 7.1" i. "„lir\C' 1 ,- 4- .- .x- • / : ' ,I-X\ . 1 • tr--,, • , \ . , ' 1 =7.z...----- _____. ___

===== 0002601_19080620_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LINEN COSTUMES.

A novelty of this season much in demand for holiday attire, says London Opinion, is a smart little whito linen coat and skirt trimmed with coarse lace insertions, and worn with -a coarse lace blouse. These are very useful and practi- cable, as they are easily washed, and are very little trouble to get up. They bave also the hd- vantage of being quite cheap, lend are wonder- fully smart, and effective for both town and country wear.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

GALANTINE OF CALF'S HEAD.—Prepare, and boil the head until tender, then bone it, and lay it out flat on the table, skin downwards, after which sprinkle over it, in alternate layers, some finely-minced parsley, hard-boiled eggs cut in thin slices, veal forcemeat, and thinly-cut slices of lean pink ham, with a good seasoning of salt, pepper, lemon juice, and grated nutmeg between each layer; then roll up the head as tightly as possible, bind it firmly round and round with white tape, tie it in a buttered cloth, and braise, or stew, it very gently for three or four hours according to the size, after which take it up, drain well, and put to press between two dishes, with a heavy weight on the top, leaving it thus until quite cold and firm. When required for serving; remove the tape binding and brush the galantine over with two or three coats of glaze, letting each coating set before adding the next; then trim the galantine neatly by mininw a thin slice trom each end so as to display the prettily variegated interior, and garnish tastefully with a thick close border composed of picked parsley, cut lemon, and aspic jelly roughly chopped, and coloured a pretty shade in red.—Nark Lane Express. •

===== 0002601_19080620_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
DANGERS OF WOOD-ALCOHOL.

A number of well-authenticated cases have been recorded from time to time of persons who have lost their eyesight from merely in- haling the vapours of wood-alcohol, as well as from its use externally in liniments. Painters arc especially subjected to the dan- gerous effect of this poison, and some of the , eases—referred to were those engaged in ; using shellac varnish, who had, -by continued 1 absorption, impaired their eyesight, and ' finally become totally blind. That methyl lalcohol (wood alcohol) is poisonous exter- nally as well as internally is no longer a de- batable subject, declares the 'Scientific -.American, and too much publicity of the fact cannot be given, in view of the fact that denatured spirit will soon be a reality, and presumably denatured with methyl alcohol, I imparting its poisonous principles to the j new commodity."

===== 0002601_19080620_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
PEARL FISHING AND X-RAYS.

A note in Nature calls attention to an in- teresting practical application of the X-rays. In 1001 Professor Dubois shewed that radio- graphs of the pearl-bearing shells could be taken shewing the pearls in situ. 'He sug- gested that this method might be of use in the pearl fisheries of Ceylon. The usual method of pearl fishing is a wasteful one. Only one pearl is found in 100 oysters, and only one in every 100 pearls is of commercial value. Hence every pearl costs 10,00 oysters. Mr. J. Solomon, electrical engineer, New York, has endeavoured to work the method from a commercial point of view. Some hun- dreds of shells are exposed at a time. Those which thew no signs of pearl formation are put back into their beds, while those contain- ing good pearls are opened. Those contain- ing small pearls are placed in conditions suitable‘ for their further growth.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURN'S RINGS.

Saturn's rings, these unique appendages possessed by Saturn alone of all the planets, have long been the spZeial objects of study. Every fifteen years the broad band of the rings narrows to a thin line of light prac- tically invisible in the largest telescope. Three different relative positions of earth, sun, and Saturn bring about this state of things. But at these periods, when the rings should be practically invisible, • certain spots or knots of light come into view. These were first observed by Professors Barnard, in 1907, at the Yerkes Observatory. They may be ex- plained, says a Globe writer, by supposing that the sun shines through the rings. And this agrees with the view that the rings are formed of meteoric fragments revolvina round the planet. Professor Lowell contends that these knots of light chew that Saturn's rings are not flat, but of the nature of tores or flattened anchor rings. Others, however, think the phenomena observed are quite con- sistent with flat rings.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRAIN AND TIIE WILL.

Impressions conveyed to the brain when awake excite ideas which are for the most part, in a healthy mind, subjected to the re- gulating influence of the will, and if they give rise to acts these are voluntary and rtstional. But when the influence of the will is suspended, and it ceases to direct the cur- rent of thought, the acts which such ideas thus produced may at once excite are often strikingly rational or altogether absurd. Such example may be seen Ai persons intoxi- cated by alcohol, chloroform, ether, or laughing gas. This condition is bit in the drunken Cassio when he is represented stum- bling on to his knees, and then, the attitude suggesting the idea, beginning to pray. So again we often observe sight, sound, or touch starting a current of ickas in one un- der the influence of ether or chloroform, and it is interestinr, to note that these im- pressions do not for the /most part evolve correct ideas of the real circumstances of the case, because they are unusual ones,. but they are interpreted according to the habitual circumstances in which they are ex- perienced.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
COPPER-CLAD STEEL.

M. Monnot, a French metallurgist, has in- vented and put into successful commercial operation a process for coating steel with copper of any desired thickness,. The great beauty of the process lies in the fact that the original .block or ingot of copper-clad steel can be rolled, drawn, and pressed without in the slightest degree disturbing the adhesion between the two metals, and without appre- ciably . altering the ratio of the thickness of the copper to that of the steel. In order to make copper-clad steel wires and sections an ingot of steel is placed in a bath of molten copper. A sleeve is also placed in the bath round the ingot, leaving the desired space for the copper sheathing. The ingot and sleeve, fitted at the bottom with an arrange- ment for retaining the molten copper sheath, is drawn out of the bath and allowed to cool. Special attention has to be paid to the tem- peratures at which the various operations are performed. The advantages of copper-clad steel are that it is very nearly non-corrodible under ordinary conditions, and that it pos- sesses greater strength in proportion to its weight than standard copper.

MODERN AND ANCIENT MAN. Five *minutes later Philip Crawford had started ' on the long descent to Klun, where the steam- boat meets passengers to take them to the rail. Some startling propositions have been ad. way terminus at the further extremity of the lake. vaneed by Dr. Russal Wallace in the Fort- He swung along, though the road was steep nightly Review, in which he argues that the and stony and the midday sun blazing hot, and at the end of the first hour had accomplished general idea that our enormous advances in more than a quarter of his journey. The next science and command over nature serve na stage would carry him past that difficult corner demonstrations of our mental superiority to at Bergen, where the narrow road skirts a sheer the men of earlier ages is totally unfounded. descent of rocky wall, and looks upon a narrow. "The evidence of history and of the earliest gorge, which it makes even a steady head swim monuments alike go to indicate that our in. to contemplate. But there was a shorter way, a telleetual and moral nature has not ad. footpath, cutting the curve of the road, and les- s v ng anced in any perceptible degree. In the 1.! the.meiriofewilnisgtaLecctions Herr Schulz had given by a couple of miles. Craw. second place, -we find that the supposed him, struck this path, and, elated with the hope great mental inferiority of savages is equally of success, went forward at a rapid pace. One unfounded. The more they are sympatheti- imp° he kept in view. The landlord of the Mon- cally studied, the more they are found to re- tagnes had,tnld him that a certain Herr Grieg at i , semble ourselves in their inherent intenee- the little Cillage of Eisfeld possessed a queer, tual powers., Even the so-long-despised Ails- foreign-looking vehicle on two wheels, which tralians—almost the, lowest in material pro. would carry two, the driver and another, and gross—yet shew by their complex language, had given him his card as an introduction. If H their elaborate social regulations, and often Herr Crieg were at home and willing, Crawford by an innate nobility of character, indica- believed that even yet he might catch the boat at Klun. tions of a very similar inner nature to our He had not gone very far along the mountain own. On the other hand, we find in the path when he espied, about half a mile ahead of higher Pacific types men who, though ha the figure of another pedestrian—a woman. savages as regards material progress, are yet he felt almost sure. She was walking very fast, generally admitted to be physically, intel- he did not gain on her by a fraction of a foot. lectually, and morally—our equals, if not our and by-and-bye, at a shcrper dip of the descend- Luperiors." jog path, she completely disappeared, and he saw her no more. Probably the wife or daughter of a goatherd, who had been up to one of the little chalets with supplies, he said to himself, and gave her no further thought. A second hour was nearly at an end when the sight of a cluster of chalets told him that Eisfeld was close at hand, and he hurried forward with renewed energy. The path ran for the next ten minutes trehind a high shoulder of bare rock, and when he caw.) in sight of the hamlet again it was to see a grov:t of figures on the road, standing about a sung onerhorsed conveyance in which were seated woman and a man. "Grieg's trap, by Jove!" Crawford ground his teeth,. and started at a run to reach the hamlet. Apparently something was a little wrong. The man in the cart jumped out and stood looking at the buckles and joints of the harness. Girawford rushed upon him, holding out the card of introduction, too breath- less to speak. The man logked from the card to the voiceless stranger. vou come from Herr Schulz?" he asked in English, speaking the, foreign tongue with an atrocious accent. "Lend me your cart!" Crawford burst out. Time was too precious to be wasted on empty politenesses. . The woman, 11.1 the cart turned quickly, and rrawford started. She, was the girl. more

INSECT PESTS AND FUNGI OF EGYPT.

Mr. Walker Draper, Director of the Gov- ernment Gardens Delta Barrage, Egypt (who has made a special study of the " Coccidm," or scale insects of Egypt, which have hitherto received very little attention, and the habits of which are, in many cases, im- perfectly understood), has published an im- portant brochure on the "Injurious Scale In- sects and Mealy Bugs of Egypt, together with other insects, pests, and fungi," which will prove equally useful to planters and ar- boriculturists in all zones, temperate and tor- rid alike. In 1891, Mr. Draper tells us, seven species of " coccidte," or scale insects, were recorded in Ceylon; but three years later seventy-two distinct species were found. A few of the pests are of use, including the cochineal insect (Coccus cacti) and the :Luca insect, which furnishes the well-known pro- duct "lac " of commerce. Many, perhaps most, of these pests are found in all coun- tries, but in tropical and sub-tropical centres "the absence of a severe resting stage in winter creates- an almost endless succession of broods Of commie following one after another," causing it to be a matter of prime importance to take the matter in hand at once and eradicate, or at least check, the pests before they become unmanageable..

===== 0002601_19080620_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080620_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
rALL rioT3 RESIMVEDI A RACE FOR A FORTUNE.

BY ELLEN LEY'S,

Author of "Mr. Featherstone's Flirtation," " Her Guilty Secret," " 'Twixt Friend and Foe," "The 'Queen's. Necklace," oko.

Rvirs-d and (fl,heVelled than ever, to whom Itta had given up his seat on the diligence " Ygu! " he cried.

" "- she echoed. The owner of the trap looked from one .to the other.

"My carnage is promised," he said. "I am vexed that I cannot take you. It holds but two." _

He was a stout, florid fellow, and his exertions under the scorching sun were causing him to assume sn apoplectic aspect. "Did you intend to hire this cart?" the girl asked. • .

IThe girl's ei c flashed. " The diligence left me! " she cried. "It was , overloaded, and upset just before we reached I Bergen. It's a wonder we didn't all go to the bottom of tho precipice! " Herr Grieg stood panting and watching. 114., was anxious not to disoblige his friend of tilt.. Mantagnes, „yet he had made a highly satis- factory bargain with the _young lady I "Time presses!" he said at last.' I start." "Good heavens ! Was there ever such luck!" Icried Crawford, angrily. The girl stood up in the cart. "You can have my place," she said, slowly, " Ypu gave up to me . before." "Do you mean it?" Crawford cried, his face lighting ..up.

The diligence stood all ready to start in 'front of the Hotel des Montag,nes. It was full to over- flowing, for the season was advanced and every- body was getting anxious to be at home again. Inside already room had been made for an extra passenger ley arranging for three slim Ladies to sit close together in two seats. The accommodation of a single other person, even of a child, would have been an impossibility. As it was, Eugen the experienced was shaking his head ominously, and declaring that in all the thirty years he had driven the coach he had never before undertaken such a load. At that difficult corner .past Bergen, lie vowed, , , the gentlemen must descend and do the half-mile on foot; otherwise he would not answer' for the consequences. He now stood under the verandah, ready to quaff the parting cup which Herr Schulz of the Montagnea never failed to bring him, and lifting it with a hearty "Hoch!" was about to drink to the health of the road- load and of his host. But before the cup hacl. Lmehed his lips his quick eye, glancing mountainv:ards, descried rushing down the path at breakneck speed a. girl, who, with frantic gestures, was signalling to him. A frown drew the heavy black eyebrows of Eugen together, lie swallowed the delicious lager at a draught, clapped his soft hat upon his head, sprang to his seat; and seized his whip, while a fair young Englishman in the box-seat nearest to him heaved -a sigh of relief and ex- claimed, "At last!" , But before the conductor could sound his horn the girl, a slight, small creature scarcely out of childhood, lifted her voice, at the same time waving her white hat desperately. " She is begging us to wait. remarked the slight lady who formed the middle layer of the sandwiched trio. "Ich darf nicht warten," muttered the driver, angrily. "I cannot," lie added, in his German- English, to the impatient passenger. " Ze boat leave all zo days so—what' you say?—to ze hour." I"Punctually," interpreted the Englishman, casting a look ef annoyance at the conductor, who tarried a moment to take a forgotten pack- age from Lisa, the red-checked chambermaid. The slight delay gave the girl time to reach the coach. She came round to the front, and, lifting a flushed face framed in dishevelled dark brown hair to the driver, she poured forth in 'fluent German an entreaty to be taken on board. Eugen only shook his head and lifted his whip. rise girl addressed the young Englishman. "Please try to persuade him to take me," she , urged, and the dark blue eyes spoke even more !eloquently for her than the music of her tongue. "I'm awfully sorry," responded her 'country- man "but the coach is really as full as it can t hold. It would be dangerous to take another pas- senger, and it seems as if all of us are keenly desirous to go to-day. For myself, it is really a !matter of the utmost importance that I should catch the boat. I am far too late in getting back ; to England as it is. Otherwise, I would willingly I give you my place." The girl turned away without a word, and went round to the back of the coach. She saw that it was impossible to squeeze any- one else in: even a being so slight as herself, ' and she cried: Will any lady or gentleman give up their place to me? It is a matter of the utmost im- portance ,to me, too, to catch the steamer at Klun." "Why didn't you come in time, then?" said florrid old gentleman, gruffly. "I couldn't! I've come as fast as I could. A letter was delayed--I—oh! are you really going without me?" For Eugen had given the decisive crack of tho I whip, and the homes were beginning to move. I The young Englishman had been craning his neck round to listen to the girl. Her pleading accents were too pathetic. Ho could not bear her distress. I "Wait a moment," he said to the driver, and sprang to the ground. I "Take my place," he said to the girl; "your : necessity appears as great as mine," he added. The girl regarded him with wide eyes. "Oh, do you really mean it?" she cried. "Oh! how can I thank you?" I"Jump up quietly, or they won't wait," the young man replied, shortly,- and catching her hand he pulled her round to the front Of the coach, and with scant ceremony hoisted her to the empty seat beside the driver. In another second the diligence had rumbled away, and all that the young man had before his mental vision , was a pair of violet eyes dithmed with grateful tears that had looked down at him from the emi- nence of the box -seat. "I suppose I've been a fool again," he mut- tered to himself. "I always was an OSA about things like that. Probably she just wanted to see a friend—perhaps a sweetheart—and I—it means everything to me!" Ho dug the heel of his boot savagely into the earth, and succeeded in look- ing fierce for a few seconds. Then a pleasant smile dawned upon his face, and he gave a little laugh. ! "No good regretting one's charitable deeds," he said. "And she seemed awfully in earnest, poor little thing!" He went back to the hotel, at the door of which stood Herr Schulz, his light blue eyes expressing still the wonder he ' felt at the Englishman's renunciation. I "Why. mein Herr," ho cried; "I thought you were obliged to reach London by Thuesday morning, and here we are at Tuesday noonday." "Too true, landlord," replied the Englishman. "But when one sees a damsel in distress." He gave a short laugh, and then grew serious. "Your room is still untouched, mein Herr." I "Thanks; but I shall not sleep here. I'm go- ing to start off at once to walk to Kinn." "To walk, mein Herr!" The portly landlord lifted astonished bands. "It is more than twenty miles!" "I'm not afraid of the distance, but of the time," replied the Englishman. "Can I do it?" "Impossible, sir. The diligence only just ar- rives in time." "It goes pretty slowly—at a foot pace, indeed, at seine of those awkward corners. I'll have a try, any way. Giie me some sandwiches and a flask of wine, Herr Schulz, and I'll get under way."

" Certainly ! Why are you here? Why did you leave the . .Itis very vexatious!"

"'I must

ra • 41 yes." "Then—but no. I can't take advantage of you. Can't .we think of any other way?" " Could, you drive?'7 "Why, yes. I've often driven in the Cumber- land Hills."

The girl addressed Herr Grleg in his own tongue. Ire seemed unwilling; but the sight of five English sovereigns which Crawford told Out to him dispelled his doubts. • In another Minute Crawford had sprung into the cart, and the strangely-associated couple were off, the owner of the cart shouting directions to thorn until they were out of hearing. For some minutes neither of them spoke. At last Crawford said: .4, I must thank you for let- ting me Cnare the cart."

The reply was not very gracious. "There was nothing else to do I" The words angered Crawford. He answered. quickly: "It was—excuse me—your suggestion!". "I know: Oh!" _ _ _

For the cart had jolted, and with her nerves still jarred by the diligence accident, Dolly Franklin VIM painfully timid. All unconsciously her little hand clutched at the young man's sleeve. He looked down to reassure her, and at that moment his feelings underwent an extra- ordinary transmutation. Dolly was very, very pretty. The deep-blue eyes, so softly shaded by dark lashes, the red lips, the dimpled cheek, the little cleft chin of the up-. turned face, were irresistibly charming. All his irritability disappeared; he longed that very instant to put his arm round her and ks away the tears that gathered in her speaking eyes and trembled on her long lashes. But he masked—his emotion under an appear- ance of icy indifference. Muttering something about the pony, he clutched at the reins with both hands, and the girl, ashamed_ of her ner- vousness, drew away her hand, colouring deeply. "Shall we do it?" she said, after they had driven in silence for nearly half-an-hour. • Crawford looked at his watch, and then held it out to her. "Plenty of time," he said. "Yes—if---- Is your watch quite right?" !`Fast, if anything," he replied.

-- " Really ! May I have it?'" She held it to a little pink-tinted ear that peeped from under her curly hair, like a tiny window covered by the tendrils of a vine. " It has stopped." she said. " Nonsense ! ' lie looked quite angry again. She nodded her head graVely. "It was three when I reached Eisfeld, and your watch is now only ten past." "The dickens I "

"It makes no real difference, of course," sho remarked, calmly. "We have come as fast as we could." "You admit that?" "Certainly. Why do you ask?" "Because you_ didn't seem to trust _me."

"I'm sorry. You must forgive me." • The soft blue epos did not appeal in vain. Philip Crawford met them with a sunny smile. "It is of such consequence to me to get to England," she said, doprecatingly. "It's not for myself; but if I'm not there by Thursday---" "Thursday? By Jove! Just my case. Missing that boat will mean perhaps the spoiling of my career."

"We have missed it. Lock!" And the girl pointed to a trail of snowy steam just visiblo behind the fall of the rocks. In another moment the lake lay full in view, and on its smooth sur- face the steamboat furrowed her way, leaving Klun behind, nestling in its bower of yellowing chestnuts. -

He , conducted her to the train, and, choosing a compartment that was not too crowded; opened the door for her to precede him. But when Dolly said, good-naturedly: "I'm sure you're longing for a smoke;" Crawford chose to take thi,i as a dismissal. _ . . .

"As you please," he said, ungraciously. "There's a Ladies' Compartment next door." "Oh, is there?" cried the girl, eagerly, and Philip flung open the door and shut her in with two old ladies. Then he ostentatiously got into the next com- partment, pretending not to bear Dolly's sur-, . . . .

aIMM

" Where is the other fellow? " asked Ronald. "He is abroad somewhere. I did not knoa where to find him, and advertised, and a friend of his, a lawyer, replied. But here, again, has been the same delay. I had a telegram (what I have spent in porterage the last few days!) saying he was travelling homo post haste from Switzerland. and another to-day to say he would come by the train that bought you. But he ha.e not arrived. And Sir Richard is mending fast. To-morrow may bo too late." "It is so good of you to interest yourself for us," cried Dolly. "Well,- I do want those who really need the money to benefit," said Miss Beard. The secretary proved to be, indeed, a good friend to the young Franklins. Thanks to her kind offices Sir Richard was induced to accept the explanation of Dolly's late arrival, and to see her on the following day. He questioned her closely about herself and lier brother, and, forming his own conclusions, determined that she, at any rate, should be no losor by .the adventures of her journey. "She is an absolutely unselfish little creature," he said to Miss Beard. "I see it all. Since her father's death she fias been the/mainstay of the family. The mother is a helpless sort of per- son, worn out by poverty, no doubt. The boy has dreams of Oxford, and took a scholarship, but it's not enough, and she- has been slaving to try and help him. Heaven bless her! She shall have her reward. Write for Quillman. I shall wait for •no more laggards. Send Dolly here." . _

When the girl came he said: "Can you give any reason why I should not leave you the whole of my property, Dorothy?" Dolly flushed scarlet. • "Oh!" she cried': "of course you mustn7tl There are others—" "Who?" "Your great-nephew." "He is out of it altogether. It is a week novi past my date." "Yes—but you know how it was with us!" "And you Imagine these extraordinary delays are happening .to other people! You are a be- liever in coincidences? " _

"These things do happen," began Dolly. "Why, there was a young man—" „She stopped short, and the cdour rushed in yet fuller tide to her face. . _

"Oh !—a young man I thought you had w- ound Me you had no sweetheart I" "I haven't! " "Oh, haven't you? Well—` there was a young man'—go on ! " "In exactly the same plight as I was. Ho gave up his seat' oh the coach to me, though he really needed it as badly himself." "I see; and—?" .

"I only meant that some such accident may have happened to your nephew." "Wonders, never cease, eh? But let me hear about this gallant youth who gave up his seat to you. Was that the last of him? " Dolly's lashes swept her cheek. "No," she said, softly. "Hal I thought not. You met him again? Out with it! " And Dolly, trying to assume a matter-of-fact manner, which did not in the least deceive Sir Richard, gave a brief account of her companion. • "When shall you see him again? "• "Never, I suppose." "Rubbish I Didn't you tell him of your ex- pectations?" "Oh, Sir Richard! How can you? Of course I didn't breathe a word of my private affairs I " "On your honour?" "Of course! _ .

"He'd be a. peculiar young man if he didn't try to follow up his adventure!" he said, with a grim laugh. The girl's pretty bluThcs flew again to her face, and she retreated, pausing at the door, however, to say: "You win give your nephew a chance, won't you? Wait a little longer!" " What if I die intestate? ". - •" You shan't! I'll keep you alive and well for years to come."

Three days later Dozothv went for a walk alone. She had a good deal to think of. From being., a resident governess dependent on ' the caprices of strangers she had become the adopted daughter of a doting old man. For- tune had at last smiled on the brave, unselfish girl, yet. in the midst of her , prosperity a shadow sometimes fell upon her spirit. Her thoughts would revert to those hurried days of travel, to the companion who had cared for her as she had never been cared for all her life before, and a rosy flush would dye, her checks as she remem- bered little petulant .words she was sorry far now, and called to mind certain looks and tones and. interrupted sentences. Yes, that Strange young man, in spite of his occasional huffiness, had been very kind, and she was sorry to think he must have fancied she wanted to throw him off so unceremoniously at Newhaven. She walked a little more briskly, trying to stem the stream of her thoughts, and all at , H. once, coming round a corner, met him face , , It was Friday morning when, after many to face! vicissitudes, the travelling, companions reached " You! "he exclaimed. i• Newhaven. There had been rn nuerous little mis- • " You! " she cried. ' understandings requiring apologies and - amends, He was sadly Changed. His arm was in a for Crawford was ' easily offended, and Dorotlrii sling, his head was bandaged; he was very pale. was careful of her maiden dignity, but, on the His joy at meeting her would not be repressed. whole, they had become very good friends by the With his free hand he caught hers, crying: time they landed. Neither of them had, how- "Tow came you here ? " over, learnt anything about the other's private "I am staying with friends at Dewdley affairs, but Crawford was cherishing a hope of Manor." . ' trying to interest Dolly in himself on the journey " You arc! " to London: "Why not ? "

'1 an ~Fti7si going there." "Why "--and Dorothy broke into a hTsterical. laugh—" then you must he Crawford!". • " I am. . But why? " • "We are expecting •you! We have been look- ing for you for day. Oh, come quickly! Tho

lawyer i there. but you may be in time even yet!" And she caught the hand of the be- wildered young man and pulled him along. towards the Manor House. "Why diclnl you come sooner?" she cried. "Our cab as run down by a motor. I've had awful time. My friend got killed, Poor . _

prised clue-stion, ""oh! you're not going tb smoke after all?" So with the wooden partition .between them the two travelled to London, each wondering at the other's look of manners, and finding this last stage of their journey peculiarly wearisome. .. ..s the train steamed into Victoria they put. their heads out of their respective windows at the same , time, taking care to avoid the en- counter of eyes, while two watchers on the plat- form stepped forwafcl. Dorothy's friend, as Philip noted with jealous eyes, was a tall, handsome young roan. A gang of envy shot through his heart as he saw Day tip-toe to the stranger for a kiss, though the salutation, given in a' shamefaced way, with an acute consciousness of onlookers, might have in- formed hibs as to the nature of the relationship. But LQve was blind, and Crawford was instantly confirmed in the suspicions aroused by Dorothy .. reseryo as to the nature of her sudden ball tes England, and a certain furtiveness in her way of despatching. frequent ,telegrams at different 1 , ..... . . stages of their journey. 1 • The weeks fuessed. and Philip Crawford vainly Just lifting his hat as she turned to bid him . exercised his ingenuity in trying to get private adieu, he allowed his friend to take possession of interviews with Dorothy. She was provokingly him, and the chance companions drifted apart on i coy: terribly afraid of giving him the chance of the torrent of London life. I another totea-tete. At last one day the young Dorothy's brother, . Ronald, hurried her across man got his opportunity. Sir Richard, who de- London just in time to catch the Northern sired nothing so much as to see his two . heirs express. I mode one. 'saw her start on a solitary ramble "Have you understood my telegrams?" asked while Philip was reading to him, and instantly Dolly, when they were seated in the train. I despatched his nephew on a feigned message to a "Just dimly. You'd better tell me." 1 gamekeeper. Then he had his chair wheeled to "Well, when we got to Griitz, up in the •moun-., the window, and sat watching for the return of tains above Klun, I found a letter from a Miss the young people. Beard, the secretary of old Sir Richard Bewdley, l Philip came upon Dolly, silting perched on a who was a third cousin, I think, of our father, low stile, unconscious of his approach. Her hat through, his mother. 'Hois a very rich old man, was off, the breeze was ruffling her curly hair. and he is about to make his will. He is capri- Her head drooped; her attitude was one of de- cious, and, it appears, strongly dislikes his next- ' pres,imi. . of-kin, who is also rich. So :he issued 'an order Hearing his sten she raised her Lead, and tho that certain relations—ourselves, among others— colour that ebbed and flowed under her trans. were to appear before him by a, certain date— narent skin at every fresh emotion crimsoned yesterday, it was. If he approved of us we her cheeks. . should stand a pretty good chant° of a windfall, " Dolly! Dolly! Why do you shun me so?" and fancy, Ron, what that, would mean to you! "Do 1? I wasn't aware Bad, I did." The fib Oxford, the Bar—oh, wouldn't it be too lovely! came easily from the trembling lips. And poor mother—oh, fancy if she were never "Ah ! But you do! You've never given me a to know care or want again ! " chance of thanking you for all you have done for "And was the notice very short?" . ' me." • "Not at all—a fortnight. But we were mos "What have I done? " Dolly was in a diffi- ing about, and letters, weren't sent on. When cult position. She could hardly turn her head we got to Grittz there they all were, dozens o t without bringing it. into contact with an aril. letters waiting. Mrs. Simpson gave me lour:, <,. that was longing to find its way round the slight go at once—l really deserve, some holidays, Ron. shoulders. , for I've been governess a year to those children, " You saved a fortune for me! Instead of hav- and it's no joke, Lean tell you. So it's just been ing to struggle at the Bar and probably give it a race—the diligence breaking down, missing the up as hopeless, I shall be independent, and can boat at Klun—oh! it has been heart-breaking ! afford to wait for the smiles of Fortune. But it 'to think all the , time what my failure would won't be worth anything to me, Dolly, unless mean to you and mother. For, it seems, the something far more precious comes with it! " strange old • man insisted on my coming—you The arm had . stolen round the shrinking figure wouldn't . have done alone." 1 now. His fate was bent to hers. Words of love ' "And now it's too late ! " muttered Ronald. I were whispered in , the little car. And rho "Let's hope not ! He may be a reasonable answer, 4on after - much persuasion, must. have ' man."— : berm satisfactory; for Sir Richard, looking from "There are others, you see. Trust them for hit •pindow, saw the young couple returning aim being in time ! " ; in '• ai. „ "Well, let's hope for the best!" . . [TUE END.] It was late in the afternoon when the brother , .. and sister reached BewdleY Manor. The secre- ! tary welcomed them and gave them hope. The ~—,..—.....,„,.......„._m_ other claimant to Sir Richard's consideration . had, it appeared, net turned up either. 1 EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE "He is a great-nephew, a young barrister. I s knew his parents, just as I know yours," she This article is undoubtedly the most delicious, I said, "and I am most anxious all of you should cool, refreshing drink obtainable, so healthful, be remernbered. Sir Richard has been ill with so conienient, so cheap—lid. per bottle. 1 gout, no I think I may persuade him . that the I delay cif one day has really made no possibki , differ:li ice." . • I

fellow. They took me to a hospital. As soon as I could get away I came straight here. But who arc you?" Dolly explained the situation, though she did not breathe a word of what she had done to save Philip's chances for him. As soon as they reached the 'house she went to the sick-room, and before another hour had passed Sir Richard had made his will, dividinz the whole of his estates between Philip Crawford and Dorothy Franklin. A fair recognition was made of the wealthy next-of-kin; Miss Beard was assured in a competence, and Ronald was amply provided-- for. After the will had been made Sir Richard seemed to take a new lease of life. Indeed, he bean to enjoy his riches as be had never en. joyed them before. He insisted on keeping the three young people at Bawdley. while he pleased himself in fostering and watchinz the develop- ment of the little romance that had begun three weeks before in the Alps.

,

•

===== 0002601_19080620_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
NSk-4:tRMED.

":1 cannot understand why so many women go through life suffering, scarcely able 'to drag through the day."

' The above words uttered by Mrs. Hardy, of 105, Charlotte-street, Blackburn, are full of import- ance to the many thousands of women, who, weak, bloodless, and dejected, live lives of misery. The significance of the remark is apparent in the further statement by Mrs. Hardy, who continued, "Though I have suffered intensely myself, I found so complete a cure in Dr. Williams ,Pink Pills for Pale People that I am convinced there is new health for ailing unhappy' women in these pills. I "A few years ego," said Mrs. Hardy, " I 'became so weak that I could hardly drag one leg after the other. My face was so white that I felt ashamed of my appearance. Neuralgia flew through my head, and the pains of Indigestion so distressed me that kr hours I would be absolutely helpless. I grew so- languid that I could only creep slowly upstairs, yet- often fell fainting before I reached the top. My nerves became unstrung, I trembled at the least noise, and I began to waste away." Then Mts. • Hardy's eyes brightened as she- exclaimed : "If it had nt been for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I should noNne alive to-day. Previously had taken all sorts of medicines, but could trace no- itnprcvement from anything. Then I made up my mind to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peopla for my weakness and bloodlessness. After three boxes I knew with cettainty that I had found a reliable remedy for my ailments. " I persevered with this wonderful medicine, then my strength began to return and I could go outdoors without fatigue. I enjoyed my meals agsin, and lost every pain of indigestion. By continuing Ds-.. Williams' Pink Pills I gained such strength and energy that I felt fit for the hardest work. A clear, healthy colour clime into my fade, and my whole body was. aglow with health. My nerves became strong, and it was a pleasure again to be among my friends." In conclusion, Mt s. Hardy stated t

===== 0002601_19080620_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
"Since I have taken Dr.Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, I have never had a day's illness."

Wasting into a deplorable state of debility through sheer scarcity of blood many women suffer continually, yet Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, by their wonderful power of supplying abundant Rich, Red Blood to starved veins, have rekeatedly cured Anwmia, General Weakness, Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance and Paralysis ; for Ladies' Ailments they are indispensable. Sold by all dealers,but see that you obtain the genuine pills (seven words as above), for substitutes never cure. If in doubt,send to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London ; 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six (post free). Dr. Williams' Pink Pills CURE

===== 0002601_19080620_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FIND THOUSTANDS STAY SO.

ALLEGED BETTING AT QUAY FOLD.

Important Witness Absent.

At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Thomas Drew, wire cleaner, of 31, Leicester-street, was sum- moned for frequenting Quay Fold, Bank Quay, on June 11th, for the purpose of betting. Mr. Steel said he appeared for the defendant, and he had an application to make, namely, that the ease be adjourned for a week, as two witnesses he wished to call were absent. One of thorn was a most important witness. This was a man named Ormson, in the employ of the London and North-Wrstern Railway Corn pany,at the signal-box at Quay Fold, near which place it wag alleged that the betting took place. He understood that Ormson would be there that morning but be had been in the service of the Company for a great number of years, nod he seemed to think that if he were called as a witness it would prejudice his position with the Company. If the case was adjourned for a. week he would subptene the witness and compel him to attend. The Chief Constable said he thought it was rather unfair for Mr. Steel to make such an application which had been sprung upon the police since it was patent he (the Chief Constable) was not offering objection to a remand in another case. After some discussion the Chief Constable withdrew his objection, and the case was adjourned for a week. The Chief Constable stated that there was another betting case, that of Page. He received a communica- tion from Mr. Knowles, solicitor, about this case on Saturday asking him to have the case adjourned. Ele (the Chief Constable) now asked the Bench to adjourn the case for a fortnight. The magistrates agreed.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

WALKING DAY.—It is intended to hold Padgate, Walking Day next Saturday. The scholars attached to the Wesleyan and Church of England schools will as usual assemble and form a joint procession and walk to the Waryington boundary and thence to Cinnamon-brow, ,Fearnhead, opposite Mr. George Mather's residence and subsequently returning, and then go to their respective. fields where the usual games and pastimes will be indulged in. The scholars of both schools will, of course during the day be provided with the usual refreshments, and altogether have A.!' good time " ot procrided the weather is favourable.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ITCHING, BURNING BLISTERS.

Zam-Buk Cares Painful Nettle rash.

--:- - -

Nett'e rash is a very common complaint in Summer,. and, if neglected, generally proves very troublesome and stubborn to cure. Zam-Buk has no equal for soothing the stinging itch and clearing the skin of this painful tronble. _ _

Mrs. Mary Ann Ole, a domestic servant of 65,, Collingvvood-avenue, Muswell-hill, London, N., says —" About a year ago my skin became so irritable that I could get no rest night or day. The doctor told me I was suffering from acute nettle rash. No part of my lxxly was free from it. " It seemed as if there were innumerable water- blisters underneath my skin. When I scratched them I did in sheer desperation, they itched so terribly —They broke and formed large holes. Then my hands, and feet commenced to swell. I had to wear men's gloves, and felt slippers were the only things I could. bear on my feet. My hair came out in great handfuls. "I tried nearly every ordinary ointment imaginable, but the more I tried the worse I became. At last the lady in whose service I then was, suggested I should try Zam-Buk. In despair I did so, hardly hoping and: never expecting that I would be cured. _ . .

The 1-coult of the first application of Zara-IW' 11;as agounding. Within 24 hours the fire and irrita- tion had vanished and very soon I experienced a wonderfully cool, soothing feeling all over my body. Of course, I persevered with Zam-Bitk until my hands and feet subsided to their normal size, and the side of; my whole body was very soon perfectly clear and. healthy again.

" I 'regward myself as a living witness to the wonderful efficacy of Zatn-Buk, and I shall never ceaso to praise such a wonderful soothing and healing balm."

1

, _ „ , -oil."' • _

=id

did not really require a continent fund, but it was felt desirable by the management some two or 'three years ago that it should be formed so as to make the society a little safer. It was always a difficult matter to pay a trnall balance in the way of dividend. They required about RGO to pay an additional /1 per cent. and they could hardly pay He was quite sore that the managers now they had £lO9 In the contingent fond would next year, if they had a snrplus of over £6O after reckoning 4 per cent, determine to pay 41 per cent. But even a safe 4 per cent. was very acceptable. (Hear, heur.) The resolution was adopted. MAN %GER% _ _ _

On the motion of Mr. GREELV.V, seconded lict Mr. HEYWOOD, Messrs, Harding, Isherwood, Hope, Baxter and W. H. Wallington were re-pleoted managers..

In the place of Mr. B. Wallington, who bar! been appointed a trnstee, Mr. W. Charnocic and Mr. Greeley were norningted, but Mr. Charnock was elected by a large majority.

OTTIER OFFICERS. The following officers were also elected :—Messrs. Bodle and LAP, surveyors ; Messrs. Howard and Armstrong, auditors.

VOTES OF TTI VCRS. On the motion of Mr. R. iSHERNPOOD, scanded by Mr. J. B. ST krtKEY, a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. J. Longland for his services daring the Dist yenr. A similar comolinaent was paid to the Chairman for presidine. on the motion of Mr. R. TSitgrtwo)D, s.conded by Mr. J. ETIRDINO. Mr. Dalton was Ms') thanked for his services as secretary. SOME INTERESTING FIGURES.

The followinz details of the work of the society tire of interest :—The stihscriptions to the society for 1893 ani 1998 were respectively £1.009 17s. CA. anl £2.253 16s. 43. ; repayments. £2O 093 ss. V. and £2,557 ss. 54.; entrance fees. (to.. £lO 19s. and £4 18s. 61. ; bank interest. nil and £2O 3s. 31.; withdrawals, £1,231 Gs' Ga. and £1,932 19s. 114.; advances, £2,222 2s. 114. and £3,00. The members in 1898 numbered 219 holding 457 shares and in um. they numbered 278 with 5301 shares. Thelionns for 1870 Wag £367 10,, while in 1908 it came to £550, showing a difference of £192 10s. in ten years. The working expenses for 1893 wer.3 £33 10. 81.. whiis in 1903 they came to £75 15g. 51, a difference of £7 10s. 94.

.1

===== 0002601_19080620_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - - . • -

I

===== 0002601_19080620_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19080620_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
—Begin with Doan's Backache Kidney Pills for your kidneys are to blame and it is dangerous to neglect kidney trouble. But what- ever you do, don't lose heart—read of the relief Doan's Pills have brought the Runcorn man who speaks here. Perhaps your case is similar.

Of all chemists and stores, or direct from the Pronriebrs, FosterdlleCtellan Co., 8, Wells-street, t)sford-street, Lqnsion, W., at 2s. Bd. per box, or 133.9 d. for Si; boxes.

But you MUST gat the GENUINE

===== 0002601_19080620_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
i --:- ~. Alt,' Ow, . ,-,), 9 tt-T4' 2 ?". .rj V Wtt 1 . ii. ,/,„,.'6., 'l' ' • 44+' ~ , .11` ,•a N.' ",' Va '2, ~‘, t-;4%1., *,,ti.,' m L. ' ..-....4

PENKETH.

Srrny SCITOOT4 AniivEßSATtY.—The Penketh Wesleyan Sunday scbaol anniversary services were held in the Chanel on Sunday Net. The Pulpit in the morning was occupied by the Rev.Thowas Miller./ The children rendered special hymns in the morning, their singing being a credit to the conductor (Mr. Gorge Carmsn)• Tn the afternoon a sacred cantata "The Saviour of Men " was well rendered by the choir and scholars. Mr. Carman again conducted, and the soloists and others taking various parts were :—Mr. J. J. Foden, Mr. T. Ireland, Mine C. Atherton. Mr. TT. Plimpton Mr. Buddin, Mr. S. Plomnton, Miss Tirtherton and Miss M. Ireland. Mr. .1. A. Smith, Granpenhall, presided. and gave an arldreaa in which he made reference to the renovation of the Sunday schools. In the eveninz there wee a, very large congregation, the Rev. R. T. Oawne hieing the preacher. The choir rendered the anthem "I will Pour nut, my spirit." The day's collections amounted to g 23 93. 3d. Mr. George Weaver officiated at the organ.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
DOCTOR IN A DILEMMA. -- Indigestion; Dizziness, Biliousness, ani Pains In the Bask.

Cured by Cbss. Forde's Bile Beans.

Warm weather and indigestion opmhbosi were the chief causes of Mrs. Elizabeth Field, 7.s,Wright Street, Horwich, collapsing in the street. Strangers lifted her into a cob, she was driven to her home, and the doctor sent for. His report was that Mrs. Field's ystem Was run down in conserence of an ulcerated ornach, accompanied by indigestion and biliousness, Mrs. Field went to the seaside with doctor's physic but came back still uncured. "I had terrible :tin in my breast and chest," Mrs. Field told a Bolton newB- - paper• man, "and shooting pains in my bock were As severe as if I were being. shot at. Indigestion and billiousness as well as the ulceration, were the cause no doubt of these pains and a terrible headache and dizziness from which I suffered. The doctor attended me again, his medicine did me no good and he admitted my case comnletely baffled him. "So we tried Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. The result was marvellous. Improvement commence I almost at once, the headache, the wsukness, the pains and the sickness disappeared, and in doe time I was com- pletely cured." Five years have gone by since, and Mrs. Field reports that she is still cnioying the splendid health she owes Chas. Fordo's Bile Beans.

Sold by all chemists is. 111. or 2s. 91. ner box; also, at the same prices,direct from the Bile Bean Mfg. Co., 45, Cow Cross-street, London. E.C.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
woßmons' BUILDING SOCIETY.

A Successful Var.

A successful year's work was under review at the nprinual meeting of the Warrington Workingmens' ~e'Srianent Benefit Building Society, which was held in Vojborne-street schoolroom on Monday evening. Mr. :11>fin Taylor (a trustee) presided over a largo attend- ::tf!ce, which included ME199,11. J. W. !touchier (trustee, Llngland (solicitor), Peter Mann (secretary), .1. R. 'lsherwood. J. Baxter. W. H. Wellington, L lolv., P. 'larding, P. Hall, J. Hill. J. A. Heywood, r• Jones, G. Jenkips (managers), and It. Lee °"rves'or).

ANNUAL REPORT.

renort stated that during the year the corn of 16s. 4d.. had been received as subacriptions ; ',587 ss. 5(1. for repayments; and £4 18s. 64., entrance 4e,s. fines' &c. ; and banker's interest, £2O 3s. 2d., Raing the total receipts £1,871 3a. 5(1. ; the working _tnxPooses being £75 15s. 6d. The withdrawals amounted .932 19s. lid. The sum of £3.200 had been -h"(janced to members. There were 250 subscribers. h"llog 312. i shares ; and 48 borrowers, holding 21.71 bnlre's ; making 278 members, holding 5301 shares. The , Tes this year amounted to £5(O on the amount lent £,.`.laiela sum £lO2 was divided as profit, and 'l`)1 121. carried to the prospective interest account. trbtel amount remaining owing neon mortgages was 459 38. 7d.. of which only £10,035 ss. lid, could he tregardedas cspital, the balance of £1,413 17s. Bd. , tiresenting the proportionate amount of interest rite°o, calculated for the number of years the several ltgimgeg had still to run. The profits for the year, 'llloll4lns £lB 3s. 3d. from last sect-mut, after deduct- orkin expenses amounted to £447 6a. 6d. out of Ich the managers recommended a dividend of 4 per • Which would take £391 lls., leaving a balance of :15 • lid, £"5 of which they directed to be placed to 97 , of the contingent fund, and the balance, 'os• 63., carried forward to the next year's account. e total amount owing to the society on mortgages k 12,020 3s. 7d. The valuation of the property =von teili the advances had been made was £23,280. The Ish" of the managers retired. MPSSI:S. Harding, pliood, Hone. Tlaxter and W. IT. Wallington were lvity,ll,o, and offered themselves for re-election. Mr. E. A „.,''n;ton had been appointed one of the trustees. -si,.."'claaver was therefore required to fill the vacancy. r additional managers would be taken from the ea'st ,1,1 er in rotation. *tee CIINTRMAN said he felt proud to 2ccr.py the r at the 88th annual meeting of the society and to Ir,ve, heard such a splendid report read to the members. r," nal been a meml:sr of the society for 02 years— l'`lPolause)—anil he could testify to his confidence in tneh a society' A great deal depended noon the irl;!lngers who were clear, level-headed and men of srity and uprightness. He did not know of any which was worked better or on more economical than theirs. (Hear, hear.) When they considered ty'oat their turnover was and that the expenses were athing like .£75 159. eal., including the secretary's „,.%lrii arid tho manager's fees, he did not think they eaoy find a society worked at Bach a low basis 1.-„,t,V,arded expenses. (Hear, beer.) They were In Y good financial position. The receipts for the year • re £4.871 35.5 d. which wasan increase of £671 on last ar,-;r• When they came to consider that the total l,t. owing to the society on the mortgages was `,013 35. 7d., and the valuation of the pronertv t4ll, which advances had been made was £23,280, it he seen that the society was in a very good finan- eolll.l;osltlon. They had every reason to renew their gentie, end were very much obligated to the if• n„agers and secretary for the way in which the affairs '.'T society were conducted. In these days of cora- pr,,thon in the financial world, he did not think that 4 tan' !fnt, was a very bad thing. (lear, hear.) He had xcer"oubt there Were thousands of working men who ill a grateful for building societies which had put them 1c).,051 Lion which otherwise they would not have been i!ri conclusion, the Chairman said the way in which ()" ks were kept was a credit to the Secretary, and Dalton was an ideal man for the post. (Applause.)

- ~: THE CONTMGENT 1,11>;11. 1)41..• UREELEY moved the adoption of the report awl ev,",llaa sheet, find remarked that it broke all ree,ords in shrit',Y,Te%pect. The nearest approach to it was in 1901, Tba.'",an the receipts were £4lO b3low the present year. tin'Y Demo the century with £4 balance and no .can- feud. They had gradually increi%ed the contm- 'for " land,until now it stood at £lOO, with £27 to carry ho:ard to next year's account. He would like to know nOt Li"; the contingent was going to grow. Would it ficso better to pay a little more dividend to the ' "s who had made that fund? He thought it was beea "Ina they ceased to add to the contingent fund Irnan there my, no necessity for it. zepor,". W. CHARNOCK seconded the adoption of the and balance sheet, and the motion was carried. ttTr a. THE DIVIDEND. tent.'t • .ENNYNGS moved that a dividend of 4 per Air c' -t Paid to the shareholders. altro W. BOTTCHIER seconded, end said they l'athizc I with Mi. Greeley. The prospective abrest account was such that right through the nine PlecNtalf years that it would take to wind up the t. blief'Y. the members would not only receive 20s. in the four alao interest upon their money at the rate of Parte", T cent. Their four per cent, dividend was already thai. "%for next year, and Mr. Greeley was quite right " With such a reserve of prospective interest they

===== 0002601_19080620_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
The Exam

OUR LOCAL CAURCHES.

1337133y-PO3l W331.1yE1l

- . At this Charch on Sonia 7 the colloations were devoted to the Loctl Pta:oliers' Matnil MI Sydiety. The services, mirninz rtml eveniug.war,e, conducted by local preachers frJra Liverpool. • St. Pater's C'nrch.

The annual choir sermans in connection with the above church were preac'aed on Seniar, in the morning by the Vicar (the Rev. B. Percival) and in tho evening by the Rev. fi.)mee Gray, headmaster of the Grammar School. A children's service was held in the afternoon and Wit S largely attended. The eollections at all the services were devoted to the choir fund.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
St. B3rnab3s'

The Lord Bishop of Liverpool (Right R.v. D. Chavasse), preached at St. Butnabas' Church on Nioadiy evening at one of the ssrvices in celebration of the patronal festival. Taking for his text the words "Whom having not seen ye love" (i. Peter, 1-8) ho said St. Barnabas was not a great man, but he was some- thing better—he was a good man. He had not the eloquence or the ability of St. Paul, but, as he (the Bishop) pointed out seven years ago in that Church the key-note of his life was helpfulness. He went about helping others. The source and secret of his helpfulness lay In his love of God. He was always trying to help his fellow-creatures, and he did so because he loved God. The Bishop referred to the modern tendency to reverse the order of the great commandments and Ont love of one's neighbour before love of God. St. Barnrthas loved God first, and his love of God made him love his neighbour with a deeper, wiser, stronger and more patient love. God had given us a golden ladder by which we might rise to• love him better, and the chief wings were desire, faith. service and love of the creature. He rejoiced that God was teaching us to love Him better by all the sweet charities of home , life. The offertory was on behalf of the Day and Sunday School Funds.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesleyan Church. Sunday School Anniversary.

The anniversary of the Sunday school in connection with the above church too,c place last Sunday. Two sermons were preached by the Rev. T. Howell Jones, of Rotherham and formerly% of this circuit. As is usual on such an occasion special anthems and hymns were rendered by the choir and children, all of which showed the adruiraiile way. in which the children bad been trained by the organist, Mr. Frank Hickman. The soloists were Mrs. A. Booth, Miss E.Taylor and Mr. 11. Plumpton. Miss Mabel Henshall was advertised to render a solo, but .owing to indisposition she was, unfortunately, unable to do so. In the morning the Rev. Howell Jones, preaching from the text " Oh, Lord God ! behold. I cannot speak; for lam a child." (Ist Jeremiah, 6th verse), said that the prophet Jeremiah had been called to the caves and difficulties of the ministry. The record told them, in the vivid way which the Old Testament had accustomed them, in God's call given to that pronhe; of his reluct- ance n responding to that call ; of the reason for that reluctance was finally overcome ; and how the man was equipped for that great and difficult task, which God had committed to him. The narrative was a very significant one for all who were called to any ministry. The first call of Jeremiah was in the days of Josiah, the son of Amon king of Judea, in the 'l3th year of his reign.- Tie (Mr. Jones) said that everyone of them had lived from all eternity in the heart and month of God, and there was no human life, that was an accident or a caprice. . .

To the afternoon a flower service was held, under the chairmsnship of Dr. J. Bennett. The congregation was addressed by the Rev. Thomas Miller, who said that flower services were of recent origin. Many objected to them because they were in some mystarions way connected with Paganism and Ritualism, but it was impossible to object to a flower service, es everything bright and beautiful should have a place in their service that day. Thtt flowers conveyed a message of God's love and care. They also represented the offering of ' their own Brea to-Jesus, when they were most beauti- ful, and breathed the richest fragranoe. Their Strionr said that if God made a fl over; which could not think., toil or spin, so beautiful, would He not much more clothe those who were able to work, speak, think and love?

At the evening service the Rev. T. How-ell Jones took for his text: " And who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?" (4th Esther, latter part of 14th verse). He pointed out that throngh n series of events, all of which were strange and some of which were tragic, Esther was called upon to occupy the throne lately filled by Vashti. She was a remarkable Jewish maid, the neice and ward of Mordecai a Jew; but a capricious monarch had chosen her as his queen. Soon afterwards the record told them that as the result of the schemiugs of an Amalelcite knight, a 'man who harl risen to a posi- tion of great influence in the Kingdom of Persia. the life of the whole Jewish ' race wls placed in imminent peril. This men had so worked into the weakness of the King as to secure 1 a royal decree authorising the extermination of the entire Jewish race throughout the King's dominions. Mordecal saw at once that here was the hour for which Esther was born. Mete was the oppor- trinity;for which 6119 was placed in her exalted posi- tion, and he sent a message to the Q leen urging her to go at once into the King's preience, and plc.:d for the life of her race. Na one knew the canricions character of her lord and master better than glean Esther did, and it was the law of this part that no one was allowed to enter the royal presence without the expressed invitation of the Qteen, and to do so unless the King happened to be in a clement mood was to risk life itself, and she shrank from the peril to which she was called upon to expo:') herself. Thia was the message that Mordecai sent her in reply : "Think not with thyself, that thou shalt escape in the King's house more than all the Jews., For if thrm altogether boldest thy 0%308 at this time then shall their enlargement of deliverance arise to the Jews from another place ; hat then and thy father's house shall be destroyed and who knon-eth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this ?" Pressed by this message Esther ventured into the King's presence and obtained the life of her race, lie (gr. Jones) wanted them that night to consider with him the special nonsennettle of this incident as it was interpreted to Esther by Mordecai and his interpreta- tion of the conserptences of these events suggested one or two great principles, which he wanted to discuss for a short time. The first was that privilege always implied opportunities and there- fore responsibilities. She was called to the king—that was her privilege. She was called to the king " For such a time as this "—that was her respon- sibility. The privilege was a great one, so the respon- sibility was correspondingly great- ;wen into peril. She had to risk her life in the discharge of her respon- sibilities. For a time the young queen overlooked the class connection of those two things—privilege and responsibility. All of them were called to the King at such a time as this." Each of them-was called upon at some time or other to a great responsibility, and it remained with them to fulfil it, as Esther had fulfilled her's to her race. The collections, which were-in aid of the Sunday Ischool funds, amounted to over £3l.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
MISSIONARY MOTOR TOUR.

Meeting at Bald-street Wesleyan Curci.

In connection with the motor tour which has been organized by the Wesleyan Methodist' Church to stimulate interest in foreign 'missions, a public meeting was held in Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Thursday afternoon. Mr. Frank A. liarris nresided over a fair rotendence and the deputation consisted of the Rev. J. Gregory Mantle (London. traveller in India, Korea, China and Japan), Rev. T. A. Turney (district secretary), and Mr.- St.cnley Sowton (Afission house, London). The CHAIRMAN said the members of the deputation were engaged in work of a considerable amount of pleasure and a little novelty and they were glad to have them in Warrington to advocate the great cause in whose interests they were gathered together. The was glad to preside because be MIS a great believer in foreign -missions. There were two things in connection with the Church in which he was a fires believer—Sunday Schools and foreign missions. The latter was essentially the work of the Christian Church, end any Church which neglected ft fell very far short of the reality of its true mission. This land of ours and its various churches were, he considered, under an obligation to carry the Gospel throughout the world. They ought to do it partly in return for what they had received. It rested upon every earnest and true believer in Jesus Christ to give what aid ho or she could to the came. Their Church had always shown a great interest Orford A.F-.C. Dinner. in the missionary organization. From its early days it To celebrate the winning of the cup and medals, had sent forth its missionaries. and they in the present day needed to be careful that they did net fall behind . the members or the Orford association Football'Club the efforts of those- who had gone before them. held a dinner at the Longford Hotel on Wednesday (Applause.) evening. A large company assembled (including Mr. n The Pee. J. _REGoRry 'I.ANTLY: said he hoped_the •C. T. Cox, the secretary of the Warrington and result of the tnot,-.r catnnstro would be to excite new District Leagne), and did ample justice to tit, good Interest and enthusiasm in that great enterprise which I fare provided. Owing to the unavoidable absence of he believed to be the greatest of.all enterprises. They / the President Jr.(Philip Darbyshire), the chair was conld not look out on those vast fields of the Far East without feeling the inamense work which was set before . occupied by Mr. J. Waldorn, one of the vice-presidents them, lie could not help feeling. when he was of the club, who, ia his opening remarks congratulated in China that so far they had not done very the Orford Clufi on their success of the last season, and much hat play at missions, for that immense population hoped they would be as fortunate in the coming season. of .loi,non.no.) was very largely as yet unovangelised. i Letters of Spolcrry were received from Messrs Daring., the I.st two or three veirs - a tremendous Renshaw, R. Chadwick, R. Andrews, A. Norman aw.akentng had taken place at the he.lclquarters of the . (vlce-p a•from . „ (vice-presidents), Mr. P. Darbvshire Wesleyan Missiopary Society. There were signs in all directions that they wers seeking to adopt up-to•idate dent After iliimer the med als were presented methods for bringing home the noods of the evangelist- by the Chairnan, and a musical nrogramme was given (presa .)„ Hotta the world. the had just had the great privilege and by Messrs. Walter Dennett, T. Furness, W. Knowles responsibility of visit;tOg China. Korea. and Japan. The . and Gibson. The usual toasts were given, that of most wonderful work of God he bad ever seen in his , the Chairman being accorded musical honours. . Great life was going on in Korea. That eNantry twenty-five credit is due to Mr. Charles Woods (secretary of the years ago was comparatively unknown and the first En4lishmen who had the tetnerity to visit it were Club and the Committee), for the. excellent arran,e- Promptly hilted. Vor some time no effort was made evening. Mr. talents made for the success cp the even . to discover the resources of the country bat iu the last Gibson accompanied in his usual style.

PHOTOGRAPHIC WHILE IS TIE SU3JEjT OF A WELL-ILLUS- TRATED ARTICLE IN THE JUNE "MUG OF THE "PHOTOGRAPHIC MONTHLY," GIVING FULL PARTICULARS FOR PRO- DUCING THOSE QU'AINT AND SOME- WHAT HUMOROUS PICTURES.

PRIC2 3D.

POST PREF:, 4313.

- DAWBARN & WARD, LTD.,

6, FAREANGDON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C.

lOW

-

===== 0002601_19080620_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
.er, Saturday, June 20, 1908.

twenty-two or twenty-three years the progress of Christianity in Korea had been simply phenomenal. He supposed the two nations of the world which exhibited most strikingly the triurnnh of the Glospal were Ugan la and Korea and they could easily judge of the progress of Korea when he told them that tvveatv-two yeas ago the lumber of Christians Wli ten sal to-day it was 120,000. The only diculty was what to do with the vast number of Koreans who wanted to join the fellow- ship of the Christian Church. The rolls of the churches were so full that they were hesitating as to whether it wee wise to add new names. The most delightful feature of the Korean revival was that the newly-converted Christians became missionaries. Ole family of eight was instrumental in the conversion of 16,000. The speaker alluded to the wonderful uttheaval that was taking place in China and said the &Taste walla be more far 'reaching than any of them ' imagined. It ever there was a time in . the history of the world when the Christian Merrill should awaken to the oeportunity which God had plaold within her reach, surely it was to-day, our responsibility with regard to evangelising the world was never £lO great as it was new. The Chinese ideas of morality were much higher than those of the Japanese. The next ten or fifteen years would no doubt decide very largely the fu,ure of that great people. The speaker alludel to the way ia which China is grappling with what had been its greatest moral curse—the opium habit for which, he stipposelove were largely responeible,aed in the suppres- sion and conquest of which wo ought to be exceedingly interested. In all directions there were signs that China was grappling with that gigantic curse with a thoroughness and earnestness which it was impossible to praise too highly. Opium dens were being closed front one end of the country to the other, and if any of the officials were found indulging in the vice they were immediately dismissed. In many cities large bundles of opium pipes end other apparatus were publicly burned as proof that the people were seeking to deliver them- selves from the bondage of opium smoking. The pros- pect lathe Far East was as bright as the promises of God could make it. There was a wonderfal movement towards Jesus Christ amongst those peoples, and he prayed we might be wise and aggressive enough to seize the op‘portunity God had placed within our reach. , (Applause.) The Rev. T. A. Turnisy and Irr. S. SOWTDS also addressed the meeting.

PHOTOGRSPRIC APPARITU3 AND MATERIALS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

LARGEST STOCK IN TOWN. HAROLD SMITH, PHOTOGRAPHIC CREELS T. 77, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES.

By Veronica. LECTURES FOR TILE WINTER.

Possibly it may seem as if this is hardly the time for paragraphs under the above heading, and yet it is already becoming quite late enough for those who wish to pre- pare good lectures with good sots of slides, for the earlier part of the winter season. There are so many delays even after the negatives have been made. A travel lecture (and this is the class in which photo- gtaphers are particularly interested) is a thing that grows constantly, and even though the preparer begins with a carefully considered agenda, he will probably modify it many times, include sabjects which he at first intended to omit, and throt, out some of those which he began by regarding as amongst the certainties. TUE PREPARINC OF A LANTERN LECTURE.

There are various ways of preparing a lectu-e, and no doubt more than one method has distindt advantages. No method, however, is a thoroughly good one which does not include a careful preparation of synopsis before the worker begins making his slides. It is well to divide the subject into a number of heads, to decide roughly how much time and how many slides will be given to each portion, and then to make selection of the actual subjects. If the lecture is to be illustrated by one hundred slides, the process of merciless weeding is greatly helped if the subject can he got out into say :five divisions, because it is easier to reduce 30 or 40 slides down to 20 than it is to reduce 203 down to 100. OPENING AND CLOSING.

In preparing a lecture, mtny —e—sc—eile-o.t7mentbers of photograhic societies would be greatly helped if they realised the immense importance of a good start and a good finish. Too .often the lecturer begins in a rambling wy, and the speaker hopes that he my be able to grip his audience by the time that he is abont half way through. This method is usually quite fatal. In fact, many of the best public entertainers say that if you have not absolutely secured the attention of the rutdierKm within the first minute (some say 20 seconds) your show is doomed to failure. VARIETY AND BREAKS. • -

In any lecture Uhistrated by Iriten slides, and deal- ing with one subject there is the tendency to monotony, end everything possible should be done to give some distinct variety. This can be done by two mean, firstly, by grouping the pictires and the matter round distinct interesting heads, and secondly, by providing complete breaks or incidents (a hearty faugh is perhaps ahnut- the best incident that can Karmen) at severol different stages during the course of the talk. It is better to group subjects than to epirate them all along. For instance, in a lecture on Holland, where there are, say, one hundred landscepes, and twenty figure studies, it is probably best to arrange 53 ' that four or five of the figure sot lies come in a group before getting half way through * the subject, and that eight or ten came in another group. nearly at the flush, while the rest-are distributed with reasonable equality through the remaining time. Now- a-days, with the possibilities of autochromes, a few colour slides may with advantage be interjected hero and there, if you can be atml itelv sere that yen have light enough to project them brilliantly. For this purpose, however, there should be a supplementary lantern, with very powerful light, and with relatively long-focus lens to give a small picture. If the auto- chromes for projection can be on half-plate, using a lant4rn with a large condenser, so men% the better. autochromes a pleasant variety is obtained by using a few stained slides, or tinted cover glasses, if yon can be qiiite sure that the sobjects are s rah as benefit by this treatment. One or two sunshine pictures toned to a distinctly brilliant warm brawn also help to make good breaks. -- SECURING LECTURES.

Most photographic societies now-a-days either belong to the Affiliation or to one of the Federations, and borrow from neighbouring societies the lecturers that they cannot supply from amongst their own members. There is much to be said, however, in favour of having an occasional lecturer from outside, especially if the arrangement can he made so that a thoroughly plenty and well-treated literary or soientifla subject, by a man of national and world-wide repnle,can be takelita hand. In such a Case., with good organisation, and a charge to the public, it should be possible to arrange so that the members of the photographic society can have admis- sion free, and yet the returns shag show a fairly substantial profit to go to the funds of the society. Many secretaries do not know how to et in touch with such lecturers, but there are well recognised agencies, snob as Thomas's Lecture Agency of Inngltarn TIOUISP, At-Tindal-street, \ London, NNW., who issue illustrated books containing synopses of lectures and entertainments on almost all classes "of popular RubjAc ts. Many of these are illustrated' throughout by photography, and a number of the leoturers am men who sr 4 well-known by name to photographic societies, as well as to the literary or scientific societies, to which they more umally appear.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. SEDD3I, M.P., AT PENKErii.

Aiii'233 01 Gil?Palt PalitlC3.

A Labour dernonstratioe was arranged to take plaiie on Peaketh Recreation Groand on Saturday evening, but owing to the inclemeet ivottbor it %vie decided to hold the meeting in the Weeleyan School. There was goo,' attendance, NIL J. Faalkner presiding. The , principal speakers were NIL J. A. Said on, !LP., and Catmoillor Forehaw (agent for the Lisloper party in the Newton division.) The Chnirman said the Labour members of Parlia- ment hat nothing to apologise for when they CM11.3 before their constituents. They had no reason to apologise for their action in regard to the Royal visit ,to Russia. Possibly reasons might he given why the I visit should Lake place at this special time, but so long as 6.3 Condition of tyranny and bad government continued in Russia the Laboar party were perfectly justified in not countenancing an &finial visit by our Sovereign. The outlook in the Newton Division was hopeful, and they believed the Labour party was gain- ing ground. (Applause.) Councillor Forshaw. who spoke chiefly on the unequal distribution of wealth, sad they needed pro- tection, but not of the 13irmingham brand. They wanted to be protected against a system of industrialism which produced poverty, unemployment and over-work for the many in order that the few might live in luxury and idleness. The Tory party stood .or a tax on the food of the peopla. The Labour party stood for a tax on the hoards of the luxurious rich. The Tory party wanted to get into power to help their friends , the landlords, the money lords and the randlords but the Labour party stood for less taxation on the necessaries of life and more texation of high and unearned incomes. They desired to bring the great monopolies, the land, the railways and the mines, under public control so that it would be possible to give the workers higher wages, shorter hours, and cheaper commodities. (Applause.) Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. said their opponents in thnt division seemed to be in a rather awkward position. They were still preaching tariff reform but they were linable to get a candidate. If rumour be not a lying jade, he was informed that wealthy men allied with the liquor traffic had been asked to confront him at the next election but they had refused. He was now told that the son of his late opponent was to be asked to stand but up to the present he had not given his con- sent. He (Nfr. Seddon) did not think the Labour party had any need to fear, whoever might be the candidate, because of the policy and programme of the Tory party. What did it stand for ? As expressed by Ae only voluble and articulate part of that organization,tlie Tariff Reform League, it stood for an alteration of

===== 0002601_19080620_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
óun PISC.tI. POLICY.

lie (Mr. Seddon) was not there to say--no sane man would say—that Free Trade would do everything. They had had it demonstrated that even under Free Trade it was passible to have trusts and combines nhich might become dangerous to the community. Tariff Reform was not a reform at all. It was a backward step. It meant creating piwer for greater monop and Parliament, instead of being a body of men called together to legislab in the interests of the commnnity, would be at the mercy of particular interests who would be lobbying to get higher tariffs Or greater Protection for their commodities. in Germany there was a level of comparative prosperity that might not be found in this country, but it was not because of their tariffs but in spite of them. In con- trasting German conditions with those which obtained in our own land they had to bear in mind that in southern Germany they had almost the communal State ownership in land. The Government also under- took many of the great industries and owned the railways and canals and it was these common sense politics that paid. Alluding to ------ • - -

• THE ROYAL VISIT TO RUSSIA, Nir.Seddon said he was sure it did not take place at the reqnest of the King of England. King Edward was too astute a diplomat to run contrary to the public opinion of this country and he (Mr. Seddon) was convinced that if other considerations had not been brought to hear on our King, he would have gone to Revel as the uncle of the Czar and not as the King of one country visiting the E.nperor of another. We ware told .by imperialists and tariff reformers that they wanted to cement the bonds of empire, that they wanted us to have a self-contained empire which should be the predominant factor in the polities of the world. Yet these imperialists, immediately it was known that the King was going to Revel, wore prepared to give more pre- ference to Russian finance than to the flnance of our own Colonies. Russian stock on the London Exchange went up and Colonial stock went down. That was the patriotism of those imperial gentlemen They thought more about cents thin sentiment so far as empire w;is concerned. Alluding to tho work ,of the present Parliament, Mr. Seddon said that notwithstanding the antiquated machine which at present made it possible I for obstructionists to hinder sane legiAlation, more had been done from the industrial arid social point of view, , than in any twenty years in the history of British I politics. Referring to the LAND LEGISLATION

of the Government, Mr. Seddon expressed surprise that the agricultural interests continued to be allied ta the Tory Party when they knew that the suppoiters of that plrty were the landlords who were exploiting their labour and putting up their rents for t'te improve- ment they ms..le to their land. The Small Holdings and Allotments Act was a step in the right direction, providing that the people of this country should have readier access to the land than in the past. Myery specific pledge he (Jr. Seddon) made at the last election had been dealt with in Parliament during the last. two and a half years. With reference to the House of Lords, it, of course, stood in the way. He, however, believed that the Lords were wise in their day und generation—wiser even than those people who were interested in social reform. The Lords had learnt valu- able lessons. He admitted they were a stumbling block bet they had too much of the sense of self-preservation to stand in the way or a united democracy. He was convinced that if the Government would only stiffen their backs, instead of increasing the numbers in the HOW 3 of Lords, and throw down the gauntlet on a democratic piece of legislation, the whole body of democratic opinion would be behind them and would say to the House of Lords ones and for ever : "We cannot ,tolerate such PI anomaly as that a non-elected body, simply becaese many of them happen to be the sons of their fathers, shall stand in the way of demo- cratic reform demanded by the people of this country." The Prime Minister in a speech on Friday staked the existence of the Government on

TrIFI I!TCHNSING BILL.

(qr. Seddon), was glad to hear that. • Sa far as the Labor party was concerned, every man stool behind the Government. (Applauso.) The drink traffic WaS monopoly which by every code of logic and reason belonged to the State and not to a particular interest. They heard a great deal of confiscation and robbery. Well, people who were used to doing things could generally throw the came charge at somebody else. (Laughter.) The confiscation and robbery had already been done, but not by the Labour party. (Applause.) Some people toll them that the Licensing Bill was Socialism. lie bad said from a hundred platforms that ' B. it were is Socialist measure inst-tari of discussing time limits and compensation they would he demanding ransenn for the social wreckage in our shims and alloys that had come from tho driak tralic. (Applause.) The Bill was a sans attempt at temperance reform. Speaking of TETE ED UCA TION Q UESTION, kir. Seddon said he was glad there were signs of a sweet reasonableness amongst those who were opposed • to one another on the matter. It was a crying shame and scandal if those who professed to be followers of the mee't and lowly Nazarene could not settle their theological differences and give every child the best , possible ednuition to fit it for the struggle for exist.- ence. He was glad, however, that they were now beginning to realize that unless they hastened to make peace, what they were fighting for would be ignored by the democracy and the peonlp would have one system of education throughout the land. As to OLD-A GE PFNSIONS, the G. --------,t credit for ba

he wanted to give the Goyernmem, _ _ Jringing in a Bill dealing with the question, but having said that his praise conld go no further. They were told by Mr. Asquith that it mo only a beginning. Well, they thanked him for the beginning, but they gave him due notice that having begun tilt's, would go on a lot more quickly in the future than ever they thonght they were going in the post. Some Conservatives in the Newton division had been making merry against the Bill, talking about the amount being too little and the age too high. lie could quite understand the Con6ervatiyes being opposed to both the amount and the age, because they had never made a stipulation to any of their pension recipients, either of age °remount. (Laughter.) They bed been liberal to their friends. They never heard An outcry when Lord Gross received £2,000 a year and he had been drawing it for twenty years. ' Not a word was said, when Mr. Gerald Balfour,who was Ikkither old nor poor and was a director of ten or twelve companies, was given a pension of £1,200 a year. So I far as the Tory psi oy's opposition to the present Bill was concerned, it was merely a matter of partizanship i on the part of those who were hungering for ogles, who had no sympathy with old-age pensions and if they had been in office not even the principle would have been i yet established, but it would have been long delay sd. There was, however, a bane 4(13 opposition to the Bill. Many of its clauses appeared to him to be hastily drawn : up. The Government would be well advised to have a I graduated scheme whereby a man with 10s, rt week of his own frugal savings would not be eligible for the whole pension nor yet should he lose it all. Mr. Seddon characterised as cruel in the extreme the clause which provided that a husband and wife living togeher should only receive 7s. Gd. per week between them, and be also con- tended that the age limit was too high. The money could easily he got. When £250,000,000 was required for the South Africm war, no one asked where it was to come from. The t vast suns was speneen the destruc- tion of human life, hut when they asked for some return on the accumulated hoard built up out of ill. requited labour. they were asked : Where is the money to come from ? It could only come from where it was. (Laughter.) It required no magician's wand. Continuing, Mr. Seddon said he was rapidly coming to

===== 0002601_19080620_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW TNEOTLY T.S.RATION.

„ He we, beginning to think that the only way to educate the British workingman was ta give him direct instead of indireet taxation. The most aeate problem facin; ths democracy ol this country was the economic preble n. S Ave it, and they waald go a long way tower Is dissipating that pall of starvation, that ever gau present nt spectre of imager that was dogging the steps of so many of tin indastrial workers. They ' wanted to get back by sane and reasonable methods that whioh wont I m airs the people of this country happier and more contented, and give them more leisure and treasure than they had at the present time. They could only do it by raakiog an attack on the present economic condition; which were working such sad havoc on this industrial armies of this and other conntri Pq. ( Apple use.) Mr. Woolstencroft moved and Mr. Mirshall seconded a resolution exraresalng canadence in :Ur. Seddon and Pledging the meeting to do everything posaible to increase the strength of the Labour organization in the district. Mr. C. E. Parker, who was in the audience, said a number of those present were Liberals first at any time and while it was a pleasure to them as Liberals to support Mr. Seddon—and he was sure they would do it at the next eleotion—the resolution appeared to commit them to the support of the Labour party with whom ' they might possibly differ on some points. He would be pleased to vote for a resolution of confidence in Mr. Seddon. Mr. Seddon said the resolution was only intended to apply to the Labour organization in the Newton division and did not deal with the Labour party in any sense from a national point of view. The resolution was amended and carried unanimously as follows:—” That this meeting expresses its confidence in Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., and pledges itself, to do everything possible to increase the strength of the Labour organization in the Newton division."

===== 0002601_19080620_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDS AND ENDS.

"Then this," asked the rejected-suitor, "is absolutely final?" "Qtdte!" was .he calm reply. Shall I return your letters?" " Yes, please," answered the young man. "There's , some very good material in them I can use again!"

Old Lady (to cabman) iv" How much do yol, Eay your fare is?" " Three and sixpence. mum." "What's your number 4" " Eighteen- pence, you mean, stingy old fraud."

Wife: "Never mind if you have failed, dear. I have four hundred pounds saved up out of the allowance you, have made me." Husband (joy- fully): " You relieve me beyond measure. What a help !" Wife : " Help ! I should think it is. Why, on this money I can dr.ese rnyeelf for a couple of years!"

" Who is your favourite composer?" aslcd .the eminent physician. " I don't know," an- swered Mr. Huburbs, wearily. " And if I did I wouldn't be able to pronounce his name."

" Is this really a camel's hair brush, mammal" " Yes, dear." " Funny! I don't ace bow a camel can ever brush his hair with that thing."

Gregson (in alarm): " Great Scott! I've left my purse under \my pillow." Fisher : " 04, well, your servant Is honest, isn't her Greg- sc,n : 1" That's just it—she'll take it to my wife."

She: " So these are the china bargains you advertised?" Dealer: " Yes, . ma'am, and they're going for little or nothing." Ehe : " All right, I'll take the blue dish for nothing."

Undertaker (to bystander at a funeral): " Are you one of the mourners?" Bystander: " I am, Sir." Undertaker: " What relation to the &- ceased?" Bystander: " None at all—but he owed me

" Why does all the woild love a lover?" said Miss Younge. " Because:" answered MiS5 Pepper, " it natters our vanity to observe people wjm are in love andlliink how much more sen- sible we Wre by comparison."

" Dear me! That was terrible ! Man fell everboard in mid-ocean the other day, and never•wa.s seen again!" onid young Hicko,•read- ing from the paper. •" Drowned?" asked his sister feelingly. " Oh, no! Of course not," said young Hicks sarcastically. " Sprained his ankle, probably."

•. A stockbroker engaged an office-boy to serve during the illnee6 of the lad who regularly per- formed the duty at that poet. Tommy, the new boy. prov•zd to be a jewel and when Joe, former incumbent, returned for duty the broker was loth to let Tommy go; but the other wanted to come back, and pleaded hard foz reinstatement. "Well," said the stockbrok.n., "you can have the place if you can arrange matters with Tommy.' "I think I can do that-," replied Joe, as he went in search for the trouble- some- Tommy. When the broker returned to his office an hour later he found Jce in charge. Tommy was nowhere to be seen. The office looked as if it had been struck by a cyclone. 'The glass in the private door was smashed, chairs were overturned, and ink had been spilled upon the carpet. • "What dues this mean, Joe?" inquired the amazed broker. "Tommy's gone, sir," replied Joe. smiling, "I arranged it with him all right."

Schoolmaster: "give an example of the truth of the well-known motto `United- we stand, divided we fall.' " Pupil: "I can't think of any sir. I don't believe it's true, anyhow." "What ! Do you know of any ease in which it is not truer "Yes, sir, a pair of steps." ,

===== 0002601_19080620_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSH BILLINGS' PHILOSOPHY.

Dandvs and blujays are alike, both worthless without their feathers. Gold seems tew be the standard of all values in this world. Even virtew, in a poor man, iz quoted 75 per cent. belo par. Watching one's helth all the time iz like watch- ing the weather—a grate -deal of time, iz lost, and thare iz just az tnenny showers after all. A genial old man iz pleasant tew look upon, but a frisky old man is too muteh like an old- fashioned wake to he captivating. A man who kan't fiddle but one tune, I don't kare how well he ken do it: isn't a permanent suckcess.

After all, I don't kno az thare iz ennything in this world that pays mulch better than being a natral-born phool. Thare iz grate art in growing old gracefully. If a man haz had good reputashun he had better git it insured, for they are dredful risky. Misplaced charity iz a good blunder tew make. If yu want tew git a good general idee ov man's karakter, find out from him what hiz opinyun ov his naber iz. It iz a great deal better for a man tow be de- famed than tew be prazed for what he doesn't possess. Genuine happiness is like a genuine ghost— everyhoddy talks about them and seems tew be- lieve in them, but I guess uoboddy hasn't seen one yet. _ _

Solomon remarked "that tharo wasn't enny- thing nu under the sun," and it duz really seem that if a man sez ennything nu he haz got tew lie a leetle tew do it.

Hotel Guest (in the West): " So you recently came from farther West?" Waiter: " Yes, Fah ; far West. ' Got disgusted wif de morals oh dat section, sah. De Waitah's Danite Union used to lynch guests wot guy less nor one del- lah, salt, an' I couldn't stand that. No, sah I don't considah a man ought to he hurt unles3 be gives less nor fifty cents. sah."

===== 0002601_19080620_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
SUFFERED 40 YEARS. From stomach and back pains. Now quite cured by DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

Mr. James Baird, of 67, Manghan-street, Benwell, Newcastle-on-Tyne, says:—" 'For over 40 years I suffered a raartyrdorn from indigestion. After taking any food I used to swell dreadfully, and had a terrible pain in my stomach which went right through to my back. I could scarcely get my breath at times, and could hardly hold my head up. I got very weak mith the pain 1 stiffered,and the various ineffective medicines I hied, and it cost me £5 in three months for doctors and medicines, and I was under a well-known professor, but all to no good. One day, however, I tried Dr. Cassell's Tablets, end found relief after three doses,and now, whilst writing this, I never felt so well in all my life." Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be got at any chemists for 100., Is.-11d., and 24. 9.1. (containing nearly four times the 101 d, size), and are a perfect remedy for nerve, stomach, and kidney troubles.

111E111.10111

===== 0002601_19080620_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
DESPAIRED OF CURING BOILS

Suffered Incessantly for a Year— They were Very Large and Pain was Dreadful—Could Hardly Bear Clothing—Health Much Impaired.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WAS ABSOLUTELY CURED BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

"I have to thank Cuticura Reme- dies for completely curing me of one of the worst attacks of boils it is pos- sible to imagine. I suffered from boils incessantly for a year, and I was / i so unsuccessful n trying remedy after remedy that I began to despair of ever getting my system clear of this dis- tressing ailment. My shoulder and back were principally affected. Any one who has had a single boil knows how dreadfully painful boils are, so it will be evident how much I suffered when I tell you that I had four large ones. They would be a long time corn- ing up and so very painful all the time that I could hardly bear my clothes on. They were very large, one on my- back extending to the size of a five- shilling piece, while the smallest was as big as a sixpence. My health suffered much as the result of the attack and I got into a very run-down condition. After I had tried other means without any benefit, I read of a cure by Cuticura, and though I had not much faith, I thought I could not do any harm in trying Cuticura Soap. So I bought a tablet and after I had washed the affected parts a few times I noticed such a great improvement that I de- cided I could not do better than try- the whole Cuticura Treatment. I got the Cuticura Soap, Ointment, and Pills, and my progress from that time was truly wonderful. A great change for the better took place almost immedi- ately and now, well within three months from when I started with the Soap I can pronounce myself absolutely cured. Cuticura Remedies have got the disease right out of my system. I am ex- tremelf grateful for the great benefit I have derived, and I wish most ear- nestly to recommend Cuticura Remedies to every one troubled with boils. I shall never be without Cuticura Soap. Mrs. E. J. Chapman, 9, Union Square, New Kent Road, London, S. a, July 15, 1907." Send to gertrest depot for free Cuti- cura Book on Treatment of Skin Diseases.

Cuticura Remedies are sold thmughout the world. A Single Set often Cures, Depots: London. 27, Charterhouae Sq.: Paris. .5. Rue de Is Unix: Australia, R. Towns & Co.. Sydney: South Africa, Lennon, Ltd.. Cane Town. etc.: U. S. A., Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props.. Boston.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
NO RATS SEEN

SINCE USING

.. .DODDS,- \ : - '.--- • ,---•,,,•---.• \ • :-• ..,.... . • ...„.,, ~ , . •K I D:NET 4 PILLS// '-c‘4o44.it: J .s' ro KibNCY l'IlL.,;:11:-'0:' h - 1-iHEUNIAT I s,l4itilSrcO., rb, , 6 t,r ti ips D I 5:0 ';r4.kilif 'ti, 'AB ETE -sFOlll,:gr` ' vg. THE Doons,tlG66oEt' , 23, FARRI-e":14,-. LOND'

===== 0002601_19080620_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
itANYSZ VIRUS

ffs..N. Discovered tit the Pasteur Institute, Paris. Harmless to other Animals and Birds. singie Tube 2,'-, s.Tubes Post Free

_ FROM DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., nox 292. Sussex House, 52. Leadenhalt Street, !LONDON, E.C. AND OF ALL CHEMISTS.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Wholesome Conlectlon.ery

A sweetmeat f"... -ith confidence k paper packets

ionufactory : London, w.c

*

FREElnsurance Guide by Independent- Erperte. App':—RivFits & 00" 11 Queen Victoria St., London..

Letters from people sslin hare received great benefit from the use of Clarke'a Blood Mixture, It c tricot he too highlP estimated for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities. This is a good testimonial from the " Family Doctor " which goes on further VI Illy " : It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill hare brought to tight, end we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our snt3crlbcrs and the public gene rally." For Scrofula. beurvr Eczema, Bad Legs, tikin and I lood Diseases, Pimples and soses of all kinds the etf eta ere marvellors. Thousands of t2stimontale. Clark's Blood Mixture is so'd everywhere at 2e. Id. per bottle. Beware of wort hle. a imitations and sub- utes. Arlyt (4). CLAIMS'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, In either I ex, all seeuired for constitutional dtslharges from this c,:nary Organs, gravel and Pains in the back. Irree from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4t. M. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lln coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

To BIOTERUS.-31rs. P7rger.ow'B Soothing Syrup hae been toed for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain end the little cherub awakes as bright as a but ton. of all Chemists Is. ltd.—Advt.

JOHN WALKER, & CO. LITHOGRAPHERS. BOOKBINDERS. STATIONERS. POSTER PRINTING.

,;.*A.,...1 ...,. -:1-; Establlshed .• 1,- 50 Years. - 1 I#37i!Z"., : 13 i, ,lee, • , ' ii. • '-. ' .4,Stbeth--,,::: , "Really . , -- :cr T. ivell , hild.

x„.„... WI i,, 5•••:104....:.4 : el". ''' 44'. 414. 44

for all. and may b to the youngm and tin bo sizes.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19080620_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt eranuntr &nits OP WUBK-END lIRWSPAPBRS COMPRISES• ll WARRINGTON as MID-CHRSHIRB BRAMINRII. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington' Stockton /death, Penketti, Winwick. Padgate, Lyram, ,to., being one of the Largest and Bat Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading arid agricultural tract in South Lance- s .ire and 2tl-Cheshire. (rim RUNCORN RRA.IIINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly per in the Town end District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. •111:133 WIDS/IS RWAINDR published every Saturday iL morning. Widnes contains the lergest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. TIIHE RARLBSTOW N AND NNWTONI BXXMINER, published every Satnrday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Darlestown, Newton-1e- Willows. Golborne, Ravdoek. Lowtoli. !so. The districtt thus ti s most ,important part of the Lancashire coat- i:lads.

ST. HRLNKS BXXMISER, published every -L Seurday morning, circulating In St. Helens, Preecot, Parr. Sutton, Peaaley Cross. &1.--the centre of thek.Gla Chemiai and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADTgRTISEMENTS. APAATISENTS wAlintr. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LIST. HOUSE 3 TO 1313 01.. D. ARTICLES LOSr. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. AIITICLES.IFOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One, Tbree Els Ttdrteen fforde. Week. Week'. Weeks. Weeks. 15... O. Sd. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3e. 9d. 01. 9d. ... Is. Iod. ... 3s. St. ... ss. Cd. Is. ne. ... 21. 6,1. ... as. Sit. ... Ss. Cd. .• 45 ... 18. 3d. ... 3e. Id. ... 6a, Cd. ... 7e. Cd. Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... Ss. Cd. ... 1.3 a. Cd.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
DomOW berbantl, etr.

TANTRD.—Good GII FIR 4.l..—Annir, Ilaan, V Railway Inn, Latchford, Warrington.

I ENBRAL (srcort). age 20 to 23 ; good reference.—Apply COBNBROOIE LODGV, Chester rl, Manchester.

WANTRO eup-rfr.r GIRL. Id to 20; na I Karowtra Off Licence, fllshton, Near Blackburn.

yVrANTIIII, young G41,111R4L ; no children ; good home. SCOTT, 29. Stanley et., Cheetham, Manchester.

VVTANTV.D. Good fißrrititiL ; good tine; farni'.37 2; referencer.-9, Bar MORAL PD 8. Armes-On-Sea.

• ItiItrEINTRD at ence experienced (1111:3ERAL, fond of V children.—MiGs Tnomesix, liveraley, Weaverbain._

- 000 - ERA IRNL nns ; hemsdi kept; three ladies in Utnsily V references essential. —Motor' tLD, Warwick rd., 1-14°. ;

IV ANTED, good GIitIIERAL. bflUt 20; able to warb.— ,'Y Apply PACE Remo: HOTEL, Lirnberhoid Green Wien.

WANT ED. at once, LkUNDHY-Nlean (elnee-hmadod).— Address, with full part,culsra, W., Froa Hall, Mold

NITANTEr. good relishli for secrttlfunii7 V Mrs. PALI'S, 41, IM)lia;trin rd., New Ferry, Cheshire.

- WANTED SITUATION by good PlaiiL Cook ; hgoserraid and waitress kept. —W., 10, Ashley rd., Altrineham,

-DOLTON INFIRMARY.—WANTED, LAU& DRY MAID, accnotomed to machinery ; wages £lB.—A9pl7 to the

MAIRoY.

_ WANTFT/, n good atrcng GIRL as GENERAL SERVANT; on In famtly.—Apply 24, SWINLET- LANF, Wigan.

1117 ANTED, GRUSTIAII, SERVA.NT homp, svazes fl 4p. per week.—Address liana., 67, Cheatham Hill rd., Manchester.

lITAtirrED, Situation aa H0U333.1A1D (Single—handed) IV or second uf three.—H. S., Hurst Bank, Heat.an, 13olton-le-Moori.

I )I...9OEPOOL.—GOOd sltuations guaranteed. Every _LDS earsselty. Reliable Eervants wanted.—Write BROMLEY lixoisTnr, Empress Building%

ANIHD, experienced GI3II.AL ; able to cnnk and V wash ; three In family ; references.—Apply, 31-1. P. ARROWOMITIT, lhe Villa, Astiey.

WANTED GENBIIAL or Useful Heip, J,13, 4th; per- manent if eultabie ; reference required ; state age, wager,—Fe STE ft, Jeseller,

NIT ANTBD, Immediately, GRL for y,ung marred V couple ;no waahing, comfortab!e home ; waos —7; PORT OFFICE AvE[2, BOUthpOIF.

VT ANTBD, exper'enee3 CIENhRAL ; We to cmk and V wash : gore' character.—Apply Mrs. UNSVIcRrEr, Easkey Chapel Howe, near Warrington.

'N AT ANTED, good cartble ORNIIRAL SERV IN 1` for three months ; good character ; HouseTneid-Waitrala kept. —63, MARMIS Isakkez, Aterystwyth.

ir ADY swishes to recommend trustworthy WIDOW 14. as CARETAXIM for gentleman',. h9use.—itra. TOWNESD, Oak Cottage, Ferry lane, Cheadle, Cheshire.

\VT AI9THD, good GRNBEtkr, mall family; good wages V to rnmpetent person. Reterrr.e s.—Mrs. TA LOH, Redelate," Partington, near Manebeeter.

nooK3, £2c-230 ; Parlonruptia, RN EZS ; Housematio, £2C-224 ; llonsennsid-WaltresE ea and Cdolt-Heneral Wanted.—Mrs. hi)nrim Eft, 17, Hale rt.. Altrincharn,

BRVANI S WANTED for good situttion.,:looks,Wattresars. Boi,lentaid-Waltresaaa, ani GenPr.d aervanta, trnmell- ate!y.-51ADama EMILIE t,Chatharn rd.,Rock Ferty,Cheshlta

ISS TINSID NEV Ji}l3laTftY, The Palatine, Fallowiieid, Manchester, require! Lumber reliable Maids. Superior servants quicaly suited. Situations waiting.

iyvANTED GIRL (about 17) to train as Nursemaid, hi a doz.tor's family ; two children ; send photo, height, wages, rafereuees.—Apply BIM?, 121, Astley it , 1/nll[lll.ld, Cheshire.

IR3 DUITON RAQUIRISS PLAIN CLAM.% House- J 1 mald-Wal'reves. under rervaut3 ant superior Generals. town or Coantry.-3g. Ddcalzds,Th ED., Ruellolme Manche3ter.

VIT ANTED at once. Mother's Help, must help with all 11/ household dutiee ; age 2-so; state wages snd references.—Mrs. VVEBELP, Church View, hiainoci, near Blackburn,

ANTIiD, good plain COOKS, Waitresses, Huusemalds, Honsemaid-Waltresies, Kitchen, Betweens and many ur er !or Generals.— MU. HEAD3' ELECT RE:GMAT, Itustoline, Manchester.

NVANTED. COOK GRICIDIAL and Houee-Parlourinaid, end of July; Marrs or blends preferred, or mothrr and earglder ; two In JOE, Dunedin. Poiton, Lancashire.

latVA S ItIiGISTRY.—GB.NBRAL3 and COOK- GIUSEDALS wanted at once. Good characters essential. St,trped envelope for reply.—Mrs. BROWN, The Laurels, Woodland r , Colwyn Bay.

ANTBD Capable GBI2I4I:AL able to do plain cooking. V mall familr, no children ;no washing. Must have good references.-18.—Apply Mrs. HALL, Mosley Common Vicarage, Ecotlastown, Manchester.

W A NemUy ill° rssat rboi °Tee experienced country B. fr,iloreAwLa;oadain 1 al nfd little cooking ; EIR, eking yearly.—State age, address of refer- ence, Mrr. HFDOEP, Holnae. near Burnley.

OANADA.—Bitnationo four. 4 by Vilonaen's Guild, Assisted passages. Situations In Queensia,d and New South Walee. Free and assisted psessges.—MADAME EMILLE, Ferranti Agency, Chatham rci., Rock Ferry, Cheshire.

GhICTS. Real live men to represent Sickness and Accident Office, giving El weekly any sickness or accidtnt, free medical att tuiance, old age pensions, and death Lencfite.—KonEnx, 9, Canning Place, Liverpool.

ATER. PLESTOP.—Progrelsive SERVASTb AGENCY. 44, CEIABLEB ST.. Blacispool. The oldest established in Blacitpool. %ants eervants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; gcod wages ; enelote stamp. Telephone 837.

-- WAN TED, strong superior WOMAN about sft. 51w., age 25 to 35, totake charge of invalid boy 1,, and upstairs work. Good Lome fOr hod sod agreeable person with good left-truce. Must be at stainer, Protestant. Widow not (+fleeted to. Another maid kept.—ti•AM,Ad Housy,Fallow- feld, Manchester.

p&BLOI:111.11 &ID3 Competent Wanted, good wage,. HOusemald WAITHRtiBIiS thoyougn good Sitnationa Vita Ping. 'Thorough Cocks, £3O. First-class ituAlons Vacant. Cook-graerals and Kltchenmald!, good places Vacant. Plain Coots, Experienced, Many Wanted. Capable Geneials g od Wages, good p!aces. Wiltre,ses Superlor itUntiOrli Vacant.—Write or Come to Minnt.Exotes 01.1 Estab lobed Legi.try, Stockport.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ea bt Ett.

"PIi.4ICRTH.—COTTAGII9, 211. Ed.. and 29. Ca., rer weelr. MILL STBEBT, OFFICES,ground floor. Also upper room 3. SHOP, 35,PINNERS BROW. Ts. Ed per. week. 2 Storey Mall WARM-MUM, TIEGIENT STREET, off Sankey Street. EIS per rear. E.O, CHORLEY STREHT, rent 9s. Ed.

--•-- Apply Ronsnx LOWE, Batista Agent.tro. I Bank-atreat War titico. Telephone—No 55.

'0 LBT 17, FOLLY LANS.—Apply WOODS it NON Solicitors, Horsernarket Street, Warrington.

fro URT.—GOOD HOLIA?, Hopwood-3treet ' • 3 tad- , room• : rent se. 6d.--Apply A'oons AND SON, Solicitc.re. lioreernarlot et

TIN HWSEY STRHST.—Good SHOP aid HOUSH attached ochtsining kitchen, tenllery, cellar, C. ; 4 bedrooms 4mmeollate rosseselon ; rent low.—App y to Callum Iie•LET. E, King at., Wareinroa.

JOHN WALKER & CO., PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS; BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. CATALOGUES for Public and Private Library ,BltlifBEY STRUT WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19080620_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilitsellantous, iioalcs, etc.

rt \HY a Sample of my Posteards.—Send 8 etamps,—Lucte, 1. 22, Tidy st., Brighton.

Q.OOTOII TWIIHD9, latee, designs, at mill prices ; patterns tree.—SWAN, s,Duncan Place,Leitta.

DlittSS SUIT, worn few tlmes. 45.., coat Six guineas.— Write 23, DRYDCN ST, Nottingham.

rthITISG C&RDS Printed, good styls ;V, 6J.; 100. 93, ; V postage W.—Sawa:sr.. Printer. Barking.

TIOOTZ3. Our Monster Parcel 1.. 61 cneriAze paid; seling, thousands.--HEIWOOD, 13. Fore st., 'pewYoh.

- QTO-KINGS, by poet at it direct saving in co3t. Cstalogua tree.—Hozo Co.. 94, Parliament at., Nottingham.

(6.1 HOP LIIRRORS.—QUANTITY FOR DISPO3AL, at very kJ low priees.-17, GREAT ANCOATS CT., MlRCtleeter.

QTaNIP3 —10,./ different, free to responsible eollectars sending postsge.—REGAL, 61. Chugh it.. PoWlr.

BEAUTY by Pent. —Try "Hebe" eon' plexion Cream, 21. 61. —Mrs. 13nuoc. 36, Upper Marylebone it , London.

QBALING WAX. tut pini representinz birds, fruit flowers, vegetatfles Is. 3d.—Ernra CURTIS. POrtetieSter •

50 JaMAIOAN stamps or 12 Picture Postcard', 7d.— ADRIAN Ds Ples,Marine Gardens. Kingst JARMICA.

I ADlEo' SHOES at Half Prize. Sttmoed addre:s for Ll List— M.CIAGEIit, Irs tfewcoman rd., Wellingborough.

A II:101,1_11B Y FitHl3.—Wal elle?, Albert?, Brocebel, Ae tend stamp tor rely.—Wool), Poplar Villa. Greenfield

SPROIAL UFFBR.—Send 23. 91. P.O. for a 63. 61. be 3 t Rubber Enema, comp!ete. - DEeIT, 293, Harrow' rot.,Lon

KITCHEN DRIISSER 3,5, al sizes; 20 Irate Coalb-house Gates, 300 Tanks.-11mussos, Wells st., London.

T RUSH DIMAttK T =81,14 CLO rH3.—Linen remnants. Pamela Es. elicit. o'l3l.more, Reins, at., Iltabridg e, Ireland.

WEDDING PRIISIINTS.—Damsik TeWel:oths 2s. 113. ; splendid Sheets 4.. 9d. pair.—Kaimxa, 15. Bolsaver it., London.

Wll ATERPOOFi for everyboil-. I3s. 6d. Garments for 126. Ild. Patterns free. —l3r.6.cx, 7, Livingstone Pace, lidinbnrgh.

SUOPPING BY POST.—Write for illustrated eatilogue ; Feat I.ost fres f rOnl HOPKINS (LAB DRAPERY STortrA, Duncan st., Leeds.

‘ATBINKLBS Removed ; great beauty's genuine. original recipe • le. S. SEASELL, 58, Burcot rd„ Meersbrook.

DAINT, 56 lba. Good Brown Paint ready for U2O 9.1. 6d. 1 carriage paid. Weil with order.--••DAVIS LTD., Maguire it., Paint Xille, Liverpool.

FIEIRI Why run risk of Fire? Protect your house and property for 25..—Particulars from FroRANT Co., Rocky lane, Aston, Birmingham.

ECLIPSE CABINET. 12 drawers, brass handles, for home or ohlee ; stamps or trinkets ; 2s. 13„ Dap(lt, Kelley, Wellington, Salop.

IVI N Money by followin2 it ! t—lnformation of Startino, Price j bs. rive oceits local 'wires. WC—MELTON. 73 Great Thornton st.,

031E-RIADII SHIRTS nslde to orger from 2s• 61. to IL be 6d. Patterns and prices post free from L. PRISE, Outfiler, Horrabridge, Devon.

PONGII CAKE and Cake Flour. The bea on the market CI Is the " Ideal" Brand.—Write for samples.— HITCHCOCK, Rattlesdun, Suffolk.

ADIES PHYSICAL CULTURE BELTS, 3e. lid. any size; irboulder Support, 2s. ltd. ; 'carriage paid.— tinrwaße, Draper, Harrogate.

I) DOST Free Postcards P.O. D. 23. 6 ; teltt suing Ss. SF 10C ; The used alwa7l used; samples six stamps. PHILIPA, Chemist, Tunbridge We'ls.

BLANKIITS at Factory prices, carrisgo cloth, 7 lin , 10 x 4 gr., 15s. ; asual pries, 20e. —.HOED, Agent, Cavendish it., Barrow, Lanes.

ARB you backing winner* ?—if not, give me taki. Two you wire, 2s. 6d. ; five wires, 104.—Fnuot TURNER, 147, Vauxhall Bridge rd., London.

OLD JRWELLIittY, Rte. Po o Wauthler, Oakrnevl, 1-I.z Iwood Lan,, Palmeri Green. ()oh offe-, full value ; irnmellatl return If unaccep'e I. Rita') 1374

a -PAOH BOOK ABOUT H8R1513 and how ta use them. 1- Prat free. Bend for one. —Tetntana., The Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd , Cardiff. Bstablisbed 11179.

ATISS DANCES MUSD.) pu,,lish-,d, Walker's Dance 11 Album Violin or Enl,b Cencertlnn, post free Is. 1.1. 'ce, OAKLEY ST., Wed Au< klaud Co., Lsurbam.

AS an Advertisement I will post you free a first-elase extra. hollow-ground hex jr. to ecrial .old at be. 61 , for le. 3.l.—liettav TURNER, Cllt'er, ralteir,

Q oRT TORII:C:4, Articles. Al., placed promptly; authors 10 raid on acceptanle ; hlchest price 4 obtain,'. —W. SAUNDERS. Literary Agent, 4, Duke it , Adelphi, W.C.

BOOTS.—Direct from the factory at senaational prleei for 14 eays only. Sample n 7. to y,mr dOnstep send for Iist.—KLIRTREE. Dept 2, 79, Victoria it , br. Albans.

I ADIBS GOLD, WATOrIB3 I'R.—Gennine off r; no 1.4 rocnretltlon, selling or canvassing Beni 6d.postage and reglatration.—coaran,”omprorr, & (JO. 10& Bishop lane,

A WONDICRFUL iniCulTSß.T.—Send for the OItIPOID At. TUUSS; no discomfort ; will fit any m-aenremente . particulars on application. Agen's. —Cavite a.Che rniet,(larnt:

LA DIB3 be 'vise ! —Do not be misled by costly and glaring advertisements, Beautiful Huelins, 6hd ; Dress Goode. Is !Id. Astounding I--Write for pattern 9 OftrYFf-ras,Dwyran

WA.S.I-11N1 DAY.--lieduce expenses ; I lams saved shillings in lost) by making my own preparation, which costs ans 2J. for three coppersfin ; directions bow to make, post free, Is.—Mrs. CLAAK itosecot, Msrple.

DURE IRISH LINENS MRCP PROM THE MAKERS. —Rich hand-enibroldemi Bedspreads from 178. 6d. ; special line 21a., worth 275. 6d. ; Ditto Pillow Oases 5..6(t. per pair; handsome Teacloth at 3s. 9d. ; Cushiori Corers Is. 74.; beautiful Damask Tablecloths from 6s. ; Llners Remnant Parcels Ss. to 10i ; special ; cash with order ; Money returned if not approved.-I.3lunntr,Durgan,lreland

QurArs Free-wheel TANDBIII for Sale; la gool omit- Don; New Departure hub., lbwdon brake.—Rustrrolea E. 4. Prtnoe's st.. eouthport.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday June 20, 1908.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
fictotoi. ears, emits, Zarriagric etc FOR BALII.—GOVRRISIRSS CAR. Splendid condition. Lamps and cuthions complete.-6, BEWBEIr ED.. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
flottlo, fmarool 33oarbing estabg.

DELFAST.—YORK HOTEL, Great George's street. Hvery accommodation for tourists; bel and breakfast 21. 6L ; for week, reduction.

IHURJI-1 STILESPION.—PAYING CiUBSTI received ; lJ tennis, crogust, drives; terms moderate.—Pinß, Hope Bowdler.

Ll,B rIHUDNO.—PAItiIDIi ; near pier, prom. arid Happy Valley ; sprelal terms tor Mrs. LINTON, Proprietress.

y LASDUaIfO.—BALMO%AL PELTS/AVG riortir.„ Trinity 14 r quire fa minutes from sea r.nd station) ; term 3 os. 6d . per thy ; blPiards. Telephone 28X?.--Nlrs. G. 13..neovr.

LANERCHCORDLAN SULPHUR WELLS. Erw R.S.O. Breeonshire, 4rm House Residence. Exquisite Glen Scenery and Falls. Excellent trout Fishing. 335. weekly.—Apply PROPRIETOR.

ONDONT.—Visi!ors received ; modernte terms.—Write hOLLOWAY, 25, Dresden rd., Islington, N.

'DORT RHIN-OSAMU BOALIDING-HOIME, facing eea aud toll links ; large fruit garden ; inclusive terms, 265. weekly, or 4s. 6i. per day.

PORT ERIN.-11A.IC 110 fEli, charmingly 'situated on the margin of bay. Tariff from 75. 6i, per day inclusive.— EDWARD rt ILLIA3I6 ON, Proprietor.

D AliSilY HYDRO, Mil OF MAN.—llea' winter .1.1, residence; extensive grounds, golf, billiards ; brine and Other baths. Illustrated booklet on application.

QOARBOIIOUGFI.—APPBRLRY BOAISBILICI HOUSE, 30, U J Blenheim terrace ; facing sea, from ss. per day.--Pastra.

WITZ LP.D, Kuesenacht (Lase Lucerne), Hotel kiejoor coed lake, large greunas, tennis, Pensions from 5 frs.

WEST RIBBY.—Hizh-olass BOARD REBID:MOS.— —Mrs. ALSTON, 15, Park rd.

Zpartments, gurnisl)o3 3E!0u50, Srt

ABRRYSTWYTH.—Com Cllortable APASTMICTS. Term moderate.—Mrg. Bowal, Oakdene, Stanley rd.

ABIiRYSTWYTH.—" Owelia," Borth Parade; 3 minutes from tea ; comfortable ; moderate ebarges.—Miss 1-fARCOUUT.

4 EigitYETWYll4.—Comfortable APAUTAIIINTS : facing ; best part promenade ; good 0 eking and attend- ance ; terms moderate ; batb.—Har,:de, 63, Ma me Terrace.

A MLWCH.—Superior FURNIBBBD APARMIHNTS ; CI nice situation ; near sea and station.—Mrs. MOSTYN Ev.ors, Bull By rd.

AEGLESEY.—APARTiIiiff TS, tittlog and two b.droorns n'ote to thote.—JONE.S, The Yard, Eed Whatf Ray.

ARMOUIH--APAitItiANTS : every comfort ; close to sea; terms moderate.—RoßEßTe, Acosta.

BARMOUTII.—APARTAIIINTS, c'ose to tea, charrnisig scenery; highly recacanunded.—WiLLwas,l, Bpworth terrace.

BISFH! Blackpool.—Comfortable APARTMENTS Rear (ea and tram ; terms moderate.—Mtsses HUBST and Morrrtaran, 82, Miff terrace.

DLeca eo o L.—NORTH SHORlC—Comfortable AP/Oa- k) MENTeI ,near sea and Prornena4e.-201, WA.RBItECK RD,

BLACKPOOL. —To he Let, convenient FURNISHED HOUSE ; good position.---Bovrox, 6, I3lrley at., Blackpool.

3 LACKPOOL.-11rt. COOPER. 24, Wellington Terrace, From. APARTRaIINT6, Public and nivate ; board optional ; piano.

DLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARMICNTS with or 1) without board. sear Talbot, Road Station.—B. MotMB, 24. EllzabPt.t. st.

-OULACKPOOL.—APAIL TIWENTB la. etch person, attend- ance Included. W ith board 45.-Irs, TUUNER, 145 Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL (S.)-13oarrl, publ!c or privat ; APART- AlliNT.l4. Moderate; minute sea.--l'acas PHILLIPd, 32, Alexar.dre rd.

DLACKPOOL, North.—Comfortabla 4,PARTMHST3 or Board-Residence, near sea ; tatb, b. and c.-3106E8 EXITS, 42, Carib-040u rd.

DLACISPOOL.- Public and Private APAM. tat ; near eea and statiou ; contlEtl to all amu.emente ; vlan es.— LEtlfg, Albion Houee, 95, Albert rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Li PARTSII:I4 TS ; 14 Biagio bedrooms ; terms 2a. per bed Inclusive •, gaol accommodation for Oyensts.—gre. FOBREEIT, 93, Hotriby rd.

I)..LACKPOOL, Lg.—Public and private APAWFM -L, Eo rd optional. TErms moderate..—Jdra. TAYLoF, 'Easley Villa, 31, Alexandra rd., Promenade. •

BLACK PUOL.—Beet end moet reaeonab!e pcoommodalion htMre MosELEv'e, 93, Albert rd., near Central tatien and Promenade; p lbliJ or private APARTINNTS. Fiano.

DUCK POOL.—Superlor itYARTSINNTS ; putilic. private; I) board opVonat : terms snoderate.—WHAßTote, Earr- shaw House, 49, Read's rd.

JDLACKPOOL.— Mrs. BUCK AY. Wade? Hume, 8, (lull rd.! .11 APARTMENTS, oppotite Central Station katouralon• Platform ; minute gen, piano.

nLAC OL. KPO—Crn 'otortable APART% IMP& near sea, South Shore Stetleas an 3 ears ; terms reeler Ite.—iqra BAILEY, 3, Wol2loy rd., Booth nom Lytham rd., Blackpool

rtfiliPSTOW.—To Let. two BIMILOOMS and surinra- k. BOOM. Ciood coAcing and attendance. lovely garden. Haif•mile from town. Terms maderate.—Apply Mn, TOWNIE:M. }belt Villa, Crossway Green, 0133pstow.

Ipartmento, Surnittat 1/01150, Scr

10LWYS HAY.—Comfortable APARTAINNTi, close to V promenade and station, pleasantly situated, every con- venienee.—Tuom•.. Newlyn House, Princes Dave.

CUUBBRLAND.—Uomfortable APARTAIHNTS, sitting- room. two bedrooms, bath ; sea ancl mountaln air. POSTLETHWAITE'S Prospect House. Haverigz, near Slit, on

riEVOlg.—Furnlshed Cottage, 5 rine.; ISF. Juctf, 13s. Jay, I weekly; vacant. —DEMPEN, Homeeteal, Mortehoe.

nOUGLAS.—Bed ant breakfast 2s. 6d. Full board 4s. 6. LI Beds (2 persons) 2a.—Mrs. QUAYLE, 27. Pcel rat.

LOUGLAS.—Mre, Dlbb, Kingwood Grove: Select quiet APARTMIII3Le, with or withoit b3lrd ; central, moderate term!.

DOUGLAS.—Two minutes from prom nade. Full board, 4s. 6.1. Beds, IZa 6d. per week (two persons) —Mre. CANNELL, 61, Victoria place.

FLESEVVUOD.—Hotneiy APARTXI33I2S, clue to Bea.— Mn. WHITEHEAD. 9, Dryden xd.

I_loYLAKlL—Oomforl.able homely APARTIbIBNTS , bath, piano, &O.; near shore.—TuomEux, 8, Ferndale rd.

J- IZRAUOMBIii.-Ideal Holiday Resort. Beautifully Inns- trated Guide Free.-Ipply Tows OEEP.X (Boit 2d.)

TRBLAND.-APARTIVIIINT overlooking S, bay; bating and tithing ; moderate.--kieLorro, Poet Office, Dunmore Rail', Waterford.

TRFLAND.—Seaside ApArtments near Newcastle ; splendid view of Mourne Montalus and sea.—For terms apply F. NUGENT, Annalong, County Dawc.

▪ RE LAND.—Seaside, FURS'S HODaH3 and APART- ▪ mDs TS 10 let. Good bathing, et.—Particutars apply %Vann, Erin Villa. EfeweastP, Co. Down.

I SLit OF MAN.—Comfortable a PARTMNSTS, near gli.n and railway; moderate terms.-Ir. GRIFFIN, liallavyre Farm, Colby.

TSLE OF MAtit.—RaMStri.—Balure terrace, Dining and I_ Drawing liontra, with two or Lima hel:Ooola to each. Km PAIN, aaheld.

1 rtlifi DISTRIOr. —Soperlor furnished R APARTUNT3 IA pleasantly situated new lake Detwent Gar Err, Clarenc3 Hou3 e, Keswick, Carnberland.

AK 1i DISrmor.—FURNISHBD COTIAUI ; ako Bed- .l 4 room and Bitting-room ; farm house. —Miss OAIII Middle Bleansley Farm, Broughton-in-Partial?.

L".Dupso.—Clean, comfortable ArAwarst TS, two minute, prom. and Happy Valley ; moderate terms.— JONE 9. Bryn Awen. O'd rd.

LAN LL!. —OOMFORCA.BLH Front Booms to Let.— LA Mrs doxte, Holly Bank, (slyndytrdwy, Llangollen.

LLANGOLLEN (mr.r).—'"Jomtort%tile APARMENTd, Beautiful grcunds elovi to Aire:duet. Fishing. Terms moderate.—Mrs. Wittassfs, Vron House.

LANDRINDOD VntLLS.—Furedshed A.PART.IdNfIrre, I_4 near station and wate7e ; lovely view from windows.— stamp to PROPRIETRESS. Penithon.

LLANDUDNO.—APARTHENTS. Minute from sea and promenade. Terms moderate.—Livv, St. Rime, Victoria Avenue (late of dr. Helens).

LANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARPMNISITS, 5 minutes .4 from promenade And pier ; gold poets( on ; well recora- mended.—idoss, Seiriol yule, 3, North Madoo st.

ENAI Bridge.—FURNISFILID or eppartraents ; 2 hi entertaining, 5 bed rooms, ; beautiful scenery : terms moderate.—Hrs. PA:taY. Preswylfa, neir Mena Bridge.

M°RIM:AMUR, W.U.—APAILTADMV. Bath. Bea view; four doors from Promenade.—Mrs. If. H. ASHWORTH, Hawthorne Home, 17, Alexandra rd.

NORTH WALISS, in village near Denb'gb. FULttililifto IA CO ITAGE to Let.—Apply &tea liews3x, ninny House, UpbeP, Edinburgh.

XT ORTH WALlte.—Furnishei Farmhouse, two sitting alai 11 six bed 1100173 A, kitchen, eel, mountAin air,safe bathing, rough shooting.—Josss, Gr..laqtryn Kuria Nevi a.

131 ENMABNISAWR Ef.%4 .—ltightT-recornmend.d APART- ' MIINTB, ?It own grounds; central; moderate term,,—A. BICH•RIA, Brookside.

PWLLI-lELI, N. Walei.— Comfortable APARTMENTi eloge to 8 9A, go`f. fishing. Moderate terms .--Jorr ES " Canon" Cardiff rd.. West End.

RHYL.—Corntortable APARTSIENT& near eel; gaol cootang r,nl attenclane. ; terms moderate.—Mrs. L. E. JONFB, CraydGn House, 3, Abbey es.

1) nYL—APARTMENTi Nem tiert and Mertne Garen, 114 Bath. Piano, iery Moderats Termi.—Mrs. CHARLES JoNEe, Loyelle House, Edward Henry et.

D HYL.—Newly-furnhhed APARTVIENT3. bath. Gvery conventenet., near Promenade, New Paviiion, and Merine Lake.--17ooDviir,E. 45, Aquarium el-.

L'OUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTAISNT3 near pier and illuminations ; bath ; piano ; terms moderate.—Mre. DANIEL, 45. West et.

QOllll-IPOR P, near 111,nniaations.—Homely APART- MENTS ; Wl] and pitao ; terms molerate.—Mrs. LnCKETT, 68a, Eastbank et.

QOUTI-IPOBT.—Mr. SKIIIIIOW. 96. Kensinßton rd.. 4 1.3 minutes station. Comfortable API 4T5, beds 25. night', board from 33. 9d. day.

Q ANNfte-ON-349..—Central APARTSILINTS.--nre. WoOD, In4LlessO3d, St. Albin's rd., W.

QT. AN DIII3-ON-3 HA —Public) sad Private APARTMIINT,4; °tams moJerate.—Mre. woopkta, 28. Bt. David's rd.kiOuth

ST. ANNEZ-ON-THP-gßA.—Superior Private APART- MENTS; n-.ar pier and station.--1108*.rmr. Richmond id.

ANNE'S-ON-314A.—Comfortable APALIITSHINrs, L.) poblie or private.—Mt. lIARGaELvER, Le l burst, )2, St. Patrick's rd., south.

QT. ANN 14 e-ON-811A.—Comfortable APAtt; icaTs, kJ central near sea Etna 'Wiwi —Mr . HATira ON, Highfield, 59, Et. Andrew's rd., Eou'h.

CZWANAOI3, DOBSIir. —Apartments hsme comforts ; 0 good house ; close sea ; no other vieltors.—Mrs. W., Ford bam.

2pactilarnts, intritiObeb i.ousts src

riIADDINGTO6, Buxton —Comfortable private APAIII2 MIGNTS ; reduce.t terms at on ; special rates for parties —Mrs N. F. F, x, Juu , Lane Heads tiottage.

rri !JOON, near Kirlicudbright.—Seven ArAIiTNINNTS ; _L finely situated on shore ; July onwards ; moderate. Hiss DICKSON.

TOWYE-ON-SICA, Merioneth.—APARTMENTS, close 1_ sea ; tennis, golf fishing, and mountain view. Terms stEctly moderate.—M, Jogrie, 1, Pier•Vills.

artlitmttps, ZUstlltssso.

AIRDnitSt4IS'S, Eu,side ; suit eaergetie ma; easy Esems.—Write H., 14), Western rd., Brighton.

WARDROBE BUJINEid to be disposed ; good chance for energctto ctuple. —Apply T. COWDELL, Busines, Agent, Ints st., Warrington.

CIONFECTIOINBRY Business for Disposal, main roa4, V/ Liverpool, suburbs; i',9J or nearest offer.— Apply 143, LINACRE RD., Litnerland, Bootle.

POULTRY FARM for disp7sal near Warrington. moderate rent; grand chance for suitasle peraon (nine inventory), price £11.5.-CownELL,llualaess Agent,3l,Legn at.,Warrington

,F7kO YOU WANT TO eELL your Btu loess ?—lf ao.consult J Mr. COViDELL, flutincas Ant. Le gil at., Warrington

Oggs, poultrp,

spingled HAtaisultaa fs, from cockerel winner 6 firsts and hens of equil merit, no better living, 3s. 6d. sitting.—Humsg, 133,01 d rd.,Stookport.

.Iflonep

LDANS El() to £l,O-20 advanced to responsible p-sreon4, on Note of Heni. Distance no object.—HUTLAND, 7, Douglas rd., Herne Bay.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BTORI

SUISIBHALI HABLHY (JAB; genuine De Dion water-cooled engine; perfect; genuine bargain; only require& seeing, £24, lowest. —MEL ULBE. 75, Hardebew it. St. Helene.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIHNTIPIC HAIR CULTURR. --.7.

A wonderfully interestlng little book on this subject, that has been most favourably reviewed -13 v the British and Continental Medical Free', sent free of charge, on ar tion to PROF. HARLEY PARKER, 117, Et. aeorge's rd., Land ,n, SW. CONTENTS : Dr. Justin Berthold', Remarkable Experi- ments and Discoveries In the Detection and Treatment of Ailment of the Hair and Scalp. The Rffeet of Netralgis, Nervous Diseases, and trinerat Health on the Growth and Colour of the Heir. The Characteristics of Correct Remedial Meunrer. A List of the Planta thit posters peculiar virtues in this respect. On the Ure and Abuse of Hair Dyes,ao , An. Also Borne unique, authentic Testimonials from Royal and d'stinguished users of Mu, Parker's Celebrated Preiaratlont.

...'.',...:-,7..-;,.-.'.,,'1'!.7,:''.-7-7...,,i:5"'-,.7..f,:.':.•°7:

MAU

===== 0002601_19080620_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Muratton.

auitultural Probute, Vlarts, Brt CIELISRY PLANTS, 18. per 100. 7a. 61. per 1,010.—W. JOBNSON, (llazebury Mose, nr Manchester.

Eatintell

r ANTED, Duck, Goole, Turkey, and Chicken Feathers.— , DELI, Feather Merchant, 1, Coburg id., Loncl.)n, &H.

IVOSIEfiI Increase your Income.—E.2amples and plrticulars y T Is —Address, WESTLEIGH, 23, Osborne rd.,Handaworth

pUBLIC-HOUSWomall wanted.—Send particulars lo SMITH, 36, Lochrln Biagi, Wilmot.° Place, Ecllutyar.sh

1H 41.7FEr1.1 q. are 22, seeks situation ; London experience . V holds certificates.—S , 119, Westol Park, Hornsey, N:

ClitOtiFlßLD'3 SOAP TA' tiaPi-EltS 111X0HAAGRD.— V Witxram Bk.swics, 21, But termarket at, Warrington.

rt 1 ILK I MILK —Wanted, a Dairy of well-3101(31 k. Particulars, C. T. DERE EBHIRE, 131, Heywood at., Obeetharn-hill, Manchester.

11ARN money at borne; opportunities for everybody; 50 1.14 methods to select from.—Farticulars supplied by the bPPCIILITY SUPPLY Co., Exchange, Huddersfield.

A (JESTS Wanted in industrial and agthluitural di-stricts. /1 High commission, no outlay; encouragerneat given. Write, SECRETARY. 39, Station rd , Forest Gate, London.

DON'T 1(199 THIS 1 —Easy, Csacinatin4 home employ- ment, showing big returns; no canvassing ; partio,lar s tree.--btamped address, Hmantsoir, Katharine's r. 1., South - bourne, Christchurch.

Aittlitat

(ZORli Pin:F.—Remit le. and try my Cure.—FlaLD, c/o 1,3 If!glens, Station at., Cockermouth.

DitlaßOT Cure for Come. Semple tree.—end po3toard to 1. T. SO/ 33, Lea br001:5, Alfreton.

DILE MAIITYR has found perfect cure.—P.o, 61. recipe. 1 —SwiFT, 7 CoMe rd , Twickenham.

SUFF 11 BIN from bore Feet remit le. for remedy.— FIELD 0/0 Mahlat, Station et., Cooke:mm.l'h.

CIENUING SOLUBLE QUININE PESSARIES, I. 6d. per doz. bJX.—DEPOT. 293 Harrow rd., London.

C C/TINS. Certain cure. Btd per tin poet fro.. The North Cross Corn Folvent. • TIMBERLAKE, b 7, North Cross rd., R. Dulo,i, h

(ZANTAL Wood Oil Copanles. ilest made ; centin enre ki Feat (ree, 2. 91. Ter bottle (ander cover) ; four for 1)r. —DowTr. 0, Uhomist, Punbroke rook.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19080620_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ARPL 8 131tIDGIL—Oorntortable welt-furnished SITIING-ROOM and on or two bedrooma to Ist. Apply GOTT COTT•GF.

OBLFRB BAY, ANCH,B3BY.—Furnistsel House or 01 APARTIHINrs ; close to sea ; bathing, fishing ; termmoderate.—Mrs. OWEN ,A. fryn.

k EAR LIAN DUD NO.—Sitting and two 13e Iroorn ; country i.. 1 and seaside, minute from electric or ; terras moderate. —BRYN fiowEN, Penrhynside.

tASTIIND.--Furnished Apartments, wit h or without board. central slittstion. nelr the ses. every cmitort, terms very moderste.—VlLLA BELLE VuE,93 Rue Ruphrosine Beernaert

I_3lll4M&BNlVAtirtt. N.W.—Highly-reoommeoded APAIST- MINTS, in own grounds ; central ; moderate terms.— A. Bickenrs. Brookside.

HYL.—Comfortable APART tiEL4T3, one minute sea and t marine lake ; good cooking ; moderate terms.- -hirJ. 13.128ETT, 9, Lake avenue.

g, HYL.—Comfoeßble APARTAIHNTS, close promenade t end station ; pl,assntly situated ,• tern; naoderate ; L7lolll2tairl View.-23, CRESCENT lID.,

QMITFr POI/T.—Comfortable APARTNIRN.C3 near Pro n., kj Lord it., and Btatlons.—Mm WEBB, Olarenoi Villa, 47, Printe3 et,

-

Itiiii

a3TABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, .E.ING-STEtERT, FIANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATS STREET, CFI ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to BIAS ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE PARTIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANOP.S ahould note the advantages offered. THE SIMPLICITY OF TDB PROMISSORY NOTE TO DE SIGNED TUN LOW RATE OF INTERESE CHARGED ACCORD- IN( TO RISK TUB WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYS NM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TUB BORROWER. NO BILLS OF r ALB ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. ANT) THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEvirsPAPECR OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS EROSIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative wl3 call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their wisn home or places of butfflose. My fair deallr g and reasonable cbarges are widely known nd my reputation stands unrivalled

There is something peon-- THE PAN-ANGLI- ?lady impressive in the CAN CONGRESS. gathering together of a great host of delegates represent- ing all parts of an enormous and scattered community such as the Anglican Church. The great Congress now being held in London is the outcome not, however, of a desire for impressive. nese, or for the display of mere numbsrs. It is essentially a gathering of workers. From an quarters practically of the globe come the representatives of a great religious body, perhaps the greatest outside the Roman Catholic and the Greek Churches that the world knows. Each in his far-off diocese or parish is carrying on the work of the Church to the best of his ability under conditions peculiar to the country in which he labours, and often far enough removed in character from those to which his colleagues in this country are accustomed. But the experience of the mis- sionary Bishop and priest is of concern to the whole Church. Those at home may learn from it useful lessons of devotion and endurance, and the power of abiding hope, which may often be a substantial encouragement in their own work, different though it be in character ; while the visitors from far-off lands will go back to their dioceses after their brief visit buoyed up by the knowledge that their work is recognised, that it interests the great body of their fellow-Churchmen at home, and that when they appeal, as they must do at intervals for sympathy and support, they will not be appealing to those who are unacquainted with the difficulties and the necessities of tbeir situation. That is one aspect of the Pan-Anglican Congress, and perhaps it is the most important. Another aspect, and one which in these times of religious uncertainty may perhaps appeal to the popular mind, lies in the common difficulties with which Christianity all over the world is now con- tending. Great questions have arisen, striking often to the very root principles of the Christian faith. The Church of England at home has not as yet been thrown into any violent paroxysms by these questions. Certain leaders like Dr. Goan have, it is true, made themselves responsible for views which raised grave issues. But 83 far the English Church, apart from what 19 known as the ritual controversy, has been I spared the spectacle of a "heresy hunt." • In America the Anglican Chureb, not, indeed, very / powerful, and possessing but a small proportion of ; members compared with some other bodies, hss

I

I

'4&!, ;":7,

4:-. v_11:

===== 0002601_19080620_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
, '742 „ _

bad to deal with a serious question of this kind. °2oe" Crapsey case" is fresh in the memory. Without discussing the right or wrong of that Prosecution, it may be said without fear of contra- diction that the Anglican Church will have gained . soatething from the present Congress if there be some agreement between the prelate responsible for the conduct of the organisation in dilsrent Par s of the world as to the procedure in such cases as may arise in the future. In the di's- . -cuasions upon the broader questions raised by what is known as the higher criticism, there should 433 much interest. Bishops and clergy whose lives ate passed away from the centres of civilization in Africa or elsewhere may have found themselves little out of totr2l-1 with tha trend of modern thought. Their attention may have been con- centrated upon the work in which they were engaged to the exclusion of questions such as excite attention in this country and in America. They will have gained in learning something more Of the movement of thought, and the influence Which it is having upon the Churches. The Congress has interest for all who are of the 'Christian religion, even though they may be 'opposed in practice and principle to the Anglican Church. The gathering together of 7,000 Christians, coloured as well as white, from the very sods of the earth is a spectacle which cannot fail to be rnoving,and the welcome to the Congress has Cone from Nonconformists equally with ChurchPec'Ple. Christianity, despite controversies which till d:sintegrate it, is making for unity. The forces which are opposed to it grow stronger day by day. Their methods become nacre varied and their successes more frequent. lc therefore, the Christian faith is to retain its hold on the masses in civilised countries it roust be by the union of those who profess it in common, and the determination to march forward with the one end in view of conquering the armies of Evil to which their religion has always opposed itself. The Anglican Church has never known what it is to find its path entirely smooth. It cannot hope to do so in the future, nor perhaps is it to be .desired, since ease was ever an enemy to effort. What is to be hoped is that those priests and 'laymen who have gathered in London will go forth

The public is not likely to THE REeire FOR lose its interest in the DIAMONDS. " diamond-maker!' T he manufacturer of diamonds, rubies, and sapphires has beguiled humanity in all ages. The long-awaited publication of a recipe, in connection with which a sum of £GO,OOO had bean " advanced," with the disappearance .of the clever chemist, has provided one of the first-rate sensations of the year. The group which etood round the magistrates' table in the Palais do Justice. while M. le Poittevin opened the safe and took from it the envelepe sealed with five huge red seals would have made a ' picture for the Paris Salon when those seals were broken and tbe recipe was read. The crux of manufacture was the application of pressure "to the lid of the crucible." One can hear the laughter of the experts. As Sir Julius Wernher, who : advanced the money, pointed out, there was ' no information as to the method to be employed in• cooling the crucible ! Neither was there ' the presence of the diamond-maker to amplify a too-succinct account or to demonstrate the pro- cess. M. Lemoine, however, Wrote apologising for his absence, " Many things," he explained retrospectively, had " prevented him from carrying out his experiment in quiet." He had not yet made any more diamonds. The detectives were already planning other inroads upon his quiet. On so laughable a pretension it is not often, even in a day of sanguine speculation, that so much money has been committed. Tee secret of the recipe is out, and the public's interest in the next development centres to-day with the inquiries for M. Len-oine.

to their work with strength renewed and energy intensified by the contact with others whose labours lie in different spheres, though all to the tante ecd. ,

A decision of peculiar - Nox-Tatanixo IN interest to Warrington was THE POTTERIE3. given by th 3 Potteries Stipendiary magistrate on 'Thursday, when he disqualified a Tarlatan Coun- cillor because."when the defendant was nominated for the Council he was engaged in a contract with it." The case was of a simple, but sotnewhat (Itiornmon character, inasmuch that though the Cour.cillor is disqualified he is not found g"tY of any moral terpitude. Briefly, the facts are that a Government return was required from Medical Officers with regard to the deaths of legitimate and illegitimate children tinder one year of age. The Tunstall Medical 'Officer was obliged to procure the returns from the registrar—who in this instance was a member of the Town Council—and the Cannon made him a payment of two guineas for supplying the statistics. The acceptance of this pay- /tient caused the Councillor to become disqualifiad. The decision illustrates how strictly the law views anything in the nature of ‘ trading for profit between a member of the „ 3uozil and the Corporation, unless under the , of a limited liability Company. This -mistrar-Councillor acted quite innocently and Iv" Personally blameless, yet he lost his seat. Oa "t_ll. 0 ether hand members of limited companies can I,lirough their companies trade to any extent with 3rPomtions of which they are also members. It Is quite obvious that the law requires amending 8" as to deal with the well-known abuses of this latter privilege. . _

The new Cambridge Senior .* A ogNIOR Wrangler, Mr. Selig Brodet- WRANGLEU'd sky, affords in himself a CAREER. remarkable illustration of our boasted English 1.-eclorri. His triumph at Cambridge on Tuesday B.llr)ws how a Russian Jew, if he has the right stuff ?n him, may proceed from a free elementary school /0 the highest honour Cambridge has to offer, ',,ithout cost to hie father except maintenance in nr33,hood. Mr. Brodetsky, sen., an itinerant haber- i asher, dealing only on ready-money terms, frankly states that when he came here fourteen Years ago he would not have been admitted to the 'C3untry if the Aliens Act had bee in operation, "be had not the necessary £.5. The following l_tre the steps which Senior Wrangler Brodetsky uas taken in his academic career: ,1303.—Passed Cambridge Local Examination with -`l:en distinctions.

en-ne"l9OC-LtOndon matriculation (first division).

ecember 1904.—Cambridge Senior Local Examine- ' ' o,n with eiX distinctions. : 1905.—Intermediate science in London, first class with emirs in mathematics (the only one) and second class llu Yams. . eceMber 1905.—EKempted from "little-go." he ,fled a minor scholarship of £6O a year at Trinity ege, Cambridge. is now in pessession of four scholarships at • labridge, producing £250 a year, including the ' rrnaduke Levitt (£10), the Anthony Death (£6o),and Fishmongers' (£5O). These have four years to run. " I cannot say I was surprised at my son's ecess," said Mr. Brodetsky. " lla has always "• Al so successful. But I want to say this, that Jr wife and myself and all my family feel the 'reafest" and deepest gratitude to this liberal • °flutry in providing the means for my son's ~•ncation. And I have to express the greatest .ndignation against the country where Selig was vete. In Russia such a career would have been possible for him. There are scholarships, hut • hAy are open only to members of the Orthodox reek Church."

The plea of the National MlNlmon WAGE Union of Clerks for a lon CLERKS. minimum wage of 3.55. per week for Lon.don clerks on their reaching the age of twenty-one does not to transgress the bounds of reasonability. 4-nat men should be content to continue.as clerks at lees than the wages which would be earned by ,n efficient mechanic who does no overtime •one of the peculiar problems of modern te• The position of a clerk does not possess yeerkable attractions. His work is unually dull routine—totting up figures, making entries, flcl to forth ; and even if he have one of the Otter posts, such as secretary to his employer, 1141e53 the firm is a very good one the attractive- ness does not appear to be greatly increased. Yet Year by year thousands of lads, allured by the rlOtion, one must suppose, of wearing a black coat, g° into the business of clerking with the small 13„rotpects it presents, and this annual recruiting of :-ae ranks naturally keeps the wages low. It ,olBi, Stated that out of 60,000 clerks in London Tj Per cent, get less than 353. per week. 321 e average earnings of clerks of all ages is e+ u 'Werm 053. and 303. per week. In a provincia f'`Prn this is often sufficient, with economy, even or Marriage; but in London,where to the ordinary e xoenses of the household have to be added the IPtra cost of travelling to and from the suburbs "Tit'd the City, and of lunch in town' it is certainly it enough. The employer can hardly be blamed. tbe finds the supply of clerks considerably above 4e demand, and he takes advantage of it to ;he'nOtnise his working expenses. The solution of Problem lies in the realisation by parents and trn'lm that trades offer much more remunerative I:lloYment than clerking, and that a full coffer biter all preferable to a black coat.

The Examiner, Saturday, June 20, 1908.

The other day, writes a correapOndent, I witnessed an incident illustrating that the tables are sometimes turned on cats preying on birds. In a garden on the other side of the road a pair of magpies were rearing thejr progeny in a nest of some years' standing. One of the nestlings having strayed prematurely from the parental home was promptly snapped up by an ever- vigilant tabby. The infant magpie naturally pro- tested, and pussy had no so.oner selected his supper- table than he was attacked in the front and rear by the screaming and excited parent birds. There was a terrible rumps, and the pecking attack was so vigorously delivered that puss, though at first inclined to see the matter through, was feign to resign his prize and make good his own escape. - * * * The first Garden City has already begun to receive its contingents of summer visitors, who are able to take stock of the progress made at Letchworth during the past year. There are now a population of 5,25, 907 houses built or in building, 12 factories, 10 work- shops, and 41 shops, and still the community remain without a house licensed for the sale of liquor. Land is being gradually taken up, and the next few months will see a further development. A recent local lecturer has diecovered an undue prevalence of the attenuated neck and small chin amongst the inhabitants as " signs of weak character " and "characteristics in profoundly mental types" ! Again, "There appear to be the elements of p *tidy° re-action against develop- ments positively Socialistic." Letchworth is in many ways an interesting experiment. * * * Every now and then some stray denizen of the deep makes the mistake of entering the broad estuary of the Mersey, and pursuing the stream upwards on the flood-tide. On Tuesday, a venturesome porpoise swam ttp as far as the Weir at Warrington. Some say it. was looking for Alderman Bennett in order to point out that there are worse things than the smoke- nuisance,the condition of the river being one of them. Un fortunately the Alderman was not at hand to receive the deputation. On Wednesday a second delegate appeared in the form of a huge grey seal which was inveigled into " Uobby's Lack " and was summarily slain. How this creature came to enter the Mersey is a puzzle, for there are no seals any- where nearer than Ireland. The fact that it was caught above the Weir is additionally remarkable. * * *

Some idea of the vastness of the Derby estates can be gained from a list given in the "Estates Magazine" some time ago. The home estate of Knowsley covers 27,9701. 3r. 11p. ; the Fylde estate, in the neighbour- hood of Preston and extending westward towards Lytham, embraces an area of 10,115 a. lr. 21p. of the best arable and grass land in the County Palatine ; in the neighbourhood of Bury, in East Lancashire, are another 14,111 acres, a proportion of which overlays' rich coalfields let on favourable leases. There are also 1,500 acres at Withslack, near Grange, and 544 acres at Adgarley, bringing the total agricultural acreage in Lancashire alone to 60,232. Lord, Derby's possessions further include estates in Kent and Surrey covering 8,480 a. 2r. 27p., and in the neighbourhood of Macclesfield, Cheshire, extending to 9,754 a. 2r. 33p.; the New- market estate, of 350 acres, and the Elope, Fliatshire, estate of 100 a. Sr. 27p. In addition Lord Derby is the happy possessor of an exceedingly wealthy urban property consisting of 1,182 acres in Bootle, Liverpool, Walton and Kirkale, the greater part of which is lot on building leases. The Liverpool property must have yielded large sums. Land alongside the Mersey from North Docks, Liverpool, to Seaforth flattery, and 1,182 acres of hinterland, all formerly agricultural land, have been sold or leased for dock and other purposes, and it is stated that this has proved " a veritable gold mine." In the lifetime of the late earl, too, the coal deposits in East Lancashire have been exploited and leased. Knowsley Park haa_a thirteen-mile boundary wall and eleven lodges.

,='7i,.:;''.:..','77:''''::7'.'-..'2...-f;-.f,,f'.',.

• °,l' 4-- '

~',.‘,....--,.'_:-.•-...::.,.:.J..:-:71,:,rt.:::,..

===== 0002601_19080620_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
&ales Jan Ruction.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~ , i

===== 0002601_19080620_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICS OF THE WEEK.

[BY OCR LONDON CORRESPONDIMT.]

We are now in the thick of politics, as we are in the height of Midsummer. The work of our politicians at present is specially inspiring ; but it is an anomaly that it should be closest and hardest at the hottest season of the year, and one of the Westminster problems of the moment is how to moderate this Mid- summer madness. „

THE NATION'S TIME.. There must be—the Prime Minister has acknow- ledged it—a redistribution of the Nation's work in regard to the seasoas, a sunlight•saving scheme, so to speak ; but most pressing of all necessities is a saving of the Nation's time in Parliament. The experience of this week has shown that there is nothing to pre- vent a most important subject being well threshed out, in so far as its principles are concerned, in a two days' debate ; and the allocation of time to the remaining stages before they are begun is a business- like arrangement, far preferable (since we must have closure by compartments, as it is called) than the profligate and irritating manner of letting time be squandered first, and taking vain measures to recover it afterwards. Time at St. Stephen's is money—too often money wasted. Now it is to be money saved, if our businesslike Prime Minister has his way. It is to be Old Age Pensions for one thing, and it will be a good deal more by-and-by, especially if he is able to carry out the scheme he adumbrated "—that is a fashionable word in Parliament just now—at the National Liberal Club last Friday night—the scheme of carrying on unfinished Bills from one Parliament to another. Nobody who has not spent much of his time in Parliamentary precincts can imagine what a saving of the Nation's time that would mean ; for it would at once destroy one of the most powerful inducements to waste time, the hope that by delaying a Bill's progress it will at the end of the session, be killed in the annual "massacre of the innocents." PROGRESS OF THE PENSION SCHEME. The opposition to the Old Age Pension Bill was insignificant. It passed its second reading by the magnificant majority of 388, the minority who voted for an amendment on the joint proposal of Mr. Harold Cox from the Liberal benches and Lord Robert Cecil on the Tory side being just under thirty. So both members of this odd combination were left in some- thing not far short of splendid isolation by their own parties. The oddest thing of all was that .Mr. Balfour, the leader of the Opposition, did not vote at all. Nor did Mr. Lyttelton, the Colonial Secretary in Mr. Balfour's Government. The Prime Minister, who i always makes an effective opening in his speeches,wasl quick to discern that this was Mr. Balfour 's intention, land the moment the leader of the Opposition sat down made great fun of the fact that he had left the House without light on the question how he was going to vote. The leader of the Opposition, in other words, had omitted to lead. He left Mr. Asquith to tell them that he was going to run away. In a sense even the minority of 29 did that. The amendment for which they voted was not a clear negative, but only a suggestion that subsidy was an inferior method to insurance. There was no distinct issue, as Mr. Asquith said. How could there be, after all the Opposition has said about Old Age Pensions? When the amendment 'had been disposed of by this vast majority of 388, there was not a voice against the second reading itself. So the House of Commons has passed the principal of the Old Age Pension scheme unanimously. FAME FOR MR. HAROLD COX. - - -

- - - With this notable debate the name and fame of Mr. Harold Cox will be irrevocably linked up, not only because of the ability and the courage of his speech,' but because of the notice taken of him by the Prime Minister, who, while turning the laugh of the. House of Commons against him, at the same time held him up to admiration and respect, and compared him and his sturdy virtues to one of the most giftei and thoughtful statesmen of a previous generation..l It is no small compliment to Mr. Cox to be compared with the famous Robert Lowe, once,after Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Disraeli's keenest opponent. Those younger politicians who want to see what election fun meant in those days should look up the files of the news- papers to see how the gladiatorial contest of 874 was carried on between Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Lowe on the one hand, and Mr. Disraeli on the other. It was about that time that Mr. Disraeli made the famous attack on Mr. Lowe and his professorial mind, and accused him of black ingratitude, since it was he (Mr. Disraeli) who had made it possible for him to obtain a seat by giving London University a member. Mr. Asquith's tribute to Mr. Harold Cox's independence and debating power is a suggestion that if the isolated position which he takes up from time to time in the hope of stemming what he considers to be the Socialistic tide should lead to his being stranded at some General Election, some similar means should be found for preserving him, like Mr. Lowe in those old days, to Parliament.

Conft

THE CRAZE FOR GERMAN EXAMPLES. The great feature of Mr. Cox's, speech, and a frequent topic of the great debate, was the laudation of the German system. It is rather odd how Germany in these days is always either a Parliamentary bugbear or a shining example. The Ministers in this debate, but especially the Prime Minister, effectually disposed of the German example as regards Old Age Pensions. The Prime Minister described the German system as built on the pillars of Inquisition and Compulsion, and ruled it out emphatically on the ground that "you annot brigade the industry of this country." Bat while disposing of "the German model," Ministers hold out prospects of something better for England. I Mr. Haldane especially threw a flood of light on the previous declarations of tha Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer as to the purely initia- tory character of this scheme. It is but part of a whole series of social reforms, the completion of which is awaiting the Report of the Poor Law Com- mission. It is not only old men and women of seventy that are to be looked after in the new era of considera- tion and of justice to the toilers of the State. But they are dealt with first in order to fulfil the pledge of the Government "to make a beginning." PROMISED MODIFICATIONS.

In committee on this great" beginning," Ministers arp going to meet as far as they can criticisms of details in their measure. The second-reading vote approving the principle of the Bill will probably be held by the Speaker as confining its scope definitely, , and ruling out all further attempts to alter its ' character as a non-universal and a non-contributory Old Age Pension scheme. Amendments to let in the paupers the Government will not accept, partly because they cannot within the limits of their means, but also because they will be dealt with in the sub- sequent revision of the Poor iLaw system. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has virtually committed himself to a consideration at least of a sliding scale affecting the limitation of income. If a man has twelve shillings a week from other sources he cannot claim a pension as the Bill stands. The man who has ten shillings a week can, so he will be three shillings better o[f than his neighbour, who has

perhaps been more thrifty. It is probable that the conditions will be equalised by giving the twelve- shilling man a three shilling pension. With regard to the good-behaviour test, the uneasiness of the Labour Members on this head is probably removed by the undertaking of the Government to make it clear in Committee that only the proved wastrel and loafer need fear this test. The shirker who deserves nothing better than the workhouse is not to bring dis- credit on the scheme by being put on the same level as the industrious, thrifty, or merely unfortunate workman. Otherwise, there will be no iuquision into the recipient's past. FREE TRADE FINANCE OF THE BILL.

- --- - The Pensions Bill is to be based on Free Trade finance, and to be made, with the approval happily of all the Labour representatives, as far as possible a buttress against the schemes of the Tariff Reformers. The Fiscal Reformers, so called, have been willing to wound the Bill for tnis reason, but yet afraid to strike. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in a notably animated passage of a speech winch fo7 the most part was so pacificatory as to be called apologetic, brushed aside with some impatience the suggestion of Mr. Chaplin that the financial means for carrying out the old-age pension scheme had not been thought out by the Government. Did the Opposition think the Government such fools as not to have seen their way before embarking on a momentous enterprise, the failure of which would expose them to the scorn of the civilised world? Something like that was his tone. And similarly confident was the Prime Minister, who claims that the credit of the nation is restored, and that its resources will be sufficient. The inquisitive- ness of the Opposition to have these resources dis- closed is, in the circumstances, unreasonable. That is the Ministerial responsibility —the Chancellor of the Exchequer's legitimate secret. CHURCH AND STATE.

A. great many black coats and clei ical ties are seen nightly at present in the Hciuses of Parliament ; and there are other ways in which the great Pan-Anglican -ferenee, at present holding a series of big meetings at the great halls af London, are connected with politics, although in a non-party spirit, let it be hoped. This is necessarily so, for the State as well as the Church of England, and all Churches, is busy with social problems. At a meeting held in the Albert Hall on Tuesday night, vat ious speakers, among them Canon Scott Holland and Miss Tuckwell, in discussing "The Church and Human Society," brought out clearly the close connection which there ought to be at least between Church work and the kind of politico- social work in which at present Parliament is so busily engaged.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Manchester is awfully particular. First it refused Winston Churchill, and now it declines Maud Allan.

, * * * Of all the noses in the world to sniff for -nastiness Where no one else has discovered it, commend it to the official nose of lianchester.

* * Sixteen thousand, eight hundred and fifty-five passengers were carried on the Widnes Transpetter Bridge during the Whitsuntide holidays, and 1,759 bicycles crossed.

* * Besides bathing the youngsters of the slums free in the open-air baths, the Liverpool Baths Committee have now found it necessary to give attention to dis- infecting their clothing while they are in the bath. The wretched rags which some of these poor children wear may be a prolific means of spreading infection, and the course proposed by the Cotn-nittee is a wise one. They are asking the Health Committee to bear the cost of the disinfecting plant. * * * We complimented the Paying and Sewerage Com- mittee rather prematurely for repairing the pavement on Warrington Bridge. As soon as they found out that people were pleased they stopped. The repair, at present is only half done, and the bridge is still dangerous. Absolutely the worst piece oi pavement on one of our main roads, that we know, izr the wood- block pavement opposite St. James' Church. It is an open question whether there are more holes than blocks. The holes have it in point of size, without any question at all.

* * * Among the licences referred for compensation by the Cheshire Compensation Authority on Wednesday was that of the Millstone Inn, Runcorn. Superintendent Ennion informed the magistrates that he had been in Runcorn six years and had never seen a customer in the house. This must have been something like the proverbial "millstone." We wonder what the licence will be based upon, if the trade has been on anything like the scale the police superintendent suggests. Had the Millstone been a grocer's shop, its owners would soon have closed it, but a licensed house is worth keeping open now-a-days even if a customer never enters the doors.

* * * The police seem to be awakening to the prevalence of some of the minor kinds of vice in Warrington. On Monday they prosecuted eight boys and six men for street gambling, with the result that penalties were inflicted in every case and a severe magisterial warn- ing given to the defendants. It is very satisfactory to rind that the men in blue are on the track of the boy-gamblers Many of the latter are hardened yowlg wretches and need strict surveillance. We wish the police would turn their attention to cases of drunken- ness. There is more intoxication at night-time in Warrington than ever there was, and no effort seems to be made to check it. The Trauoways Committee could give valuable assistance if they made it a rule that no drunken person should be allowed on the cars. hey simply encourage drinking by providing the drunkard easy and safe conveyance home. MOreover they have a duty to those passengers who keep sober. and expect to travel in comfort and decency. * * No one can be more wise than destiny.— Tennyson. To the noble, ability is a merit —to the mean a defect.—Diane. What we have been, makes us what we are.—John Pletcher. Logical consequences are the scarecrows of foals and the beacons of wise meo.—///c.rly. There is no such thing as finding true happiness by searching for it directly. It must Coyne by the service, the love, and the happiness we give to others. —I?. W. Trine. Our doubts are traitors, And make us lose the god we oft might win by fearing to attempt —Shakespeare. The greatest hope of our world lies in the certainty of heroes being born into it. —Carlyle. Love well thy work, be truthful in the mart, And foes will praise thee if thy friends depart. —Eric Mackay.

* * * The news of the sudden death of the Earl of Derby was received with surprise and regret. Althoagh he served the State in various administrative offices in his earlier life —the Admiralty, the War Office, the Colonies, the Board of Trade, and was Governor- General of Canada from 1888 to 1893 - he had not for many years taken any prominent part in politics. The younger son of the fourteenth Earl of Derby, he showed few of the characteristics which gained for his father the familiar title of the "Rupert of debate," , and Ids voice was rarely beard in the House of Lords. But, though he lived the quiet life, he was tactful and business-like, and maintained with dignity the traditions of a great house. Our readers will recall with interest that Lord Derby visited Warrington on October 28th, 1902, and opened the Muncipal Technical School. He is succeeded by Lord Stanley of Preston, who was a familiar figure in the House of Commons for many years, and was Postmaster- General in the last Unionist Government.

• The latest " sensation " on the Southport show ground is the haunted castle. The outside of the show (writes a correspondent) is painted to represent a castle, with two dark doors for entrance and exit. Passing through the turnstile, you grope your way .up , a passage which winds up and down in Stygian I gloom. Unearthly shrieks resound from every side. Suddenly the floor drops a foot or so, and you get your first" thrill.'! Then the passage branches off quickly, and you knock your head against the wall (your second "thrill."). Scarcely have you recovered when the floor begins swaying violently to and fro (your third 1' thrill."). You stumble on in the darkness and stub your toes against the fluor, which has now suddenly risen. You pass along the meandering track, and are just regaining your equanimity when a terrific gust of air nearly Mows you elf your feet. Next yon step on a board which is whizzing rapidly away from you, and jump off it into another whirl- wind. By this time you have lost count of " thrills women are shrieking hysterically, hidden machinery rattles and whirs around ;you, and you are only too glad to see the faint glimmer of daylight which , heralds your escape.

;

===== 0002601_19080620_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. A memorial service to the late Mr. Andrew Jennings, will be held at Buckly-street Church, to-Morrow (Sunday) afternoon. The 34th anniversary of the stone-laying of Bewsey- road Wesleyan Church will be celebrated to-morrow (Sunday) when the Rev. Alfred Freeman, of Harrogate, forinerly of this circuit, will preach. . ST. HELENS CONSERVATIVES AND SIR The summer sermons will be preached at In 11. SETON-KARB. ClifTe Baptist Church to-morrow (Sunday) by the LABOUR PARTY AND EMPIRE. Rey. A. C. G. Rendell, of Rugby. . The spacious offices and assembly-room which have The Beautiful Warrington Society announces its been erected in George-street, St. Helens as the bead- third annual show of flowers and plants for—Saturday, quarters of the Conservative and Unionist! Registration August 29th. . Offices, were opened on Saturday afternoon by Colonel W. Lee Pilkington, chairman of the association, who The Veterans' Fund. afterwards presented a handsome silver bowl and ewer A list of subscriptions to the Crimean and Indian to Sir Henry Seton-Karr, K.C.M.G., in recognition of Mutiny Veterans' Fund appears in another column, his work as Parliamentary representative of the borotigh Au exhibition of the articles contributed by the ladies for over twenty years. ISOC a of Warrington and district for the bazaar and fate in iaDr. pates, on behalf of the Working Men's As i - London will be held at the Town Hall, Warrington,on at large calso memberspresentedanaddreasfsit album form, by ee number of Tuesday afternoon next. Sir Henry Seton-Karr returned thanks for the Nortrour Silas from 18s. 6d.-Baas, Outfitter.-Advt.i presentations and for the kind words that lead been uttered by the chairman and Dr. Bates. Speaking as Crosfield's Band at Kidderminster. one who might now be termcl an armchair politician, Crosfield's band visited Kidderminster on Wednes- he would like to say a word or two on the political day and took part in contests at the Worcestershire situation: The coming elections were of the most and Herefordshire Agricultural Show. Although five centressupreme wage-earning sisne s ghzadt the entries had been received, only two bands put in an Coming elections were fraught with questions appearance —Arbertillery and Crosfield's. The first of the most ' enormous importance to the prizes in-both the selection and march competitions future of the covetry. When they came to think were awarded to Crosfield's who gave splendid per- of the great-Empire that the men of Lancashire fortnances of the pieces—" Maschera " (Pedrott;) and had to take a share in governing, and of the important r dof their colorial possessions £25 for the selection and £2 for the march. Messrs. " March Brilliante " (J. Ord Hume). The prizes were qtrtihoens olm iultgifa.ce and all ersonal questions sank into Crosfield's victory entitled them to play at the show absolute insignificance. Hepwas certain that Mr. Rigby Swift would be a capital candidate, but if even he were the following (IT and the excellent programmes which a man of straw' yrt es a representative of the Unionist they submitted were much enjoyed by hugs crowds, party he would say that every man in that borough I In the four contests in which they have pirticipated ought to vote for hins when the time came. It was not this season Crosfield's band have secured two first a question of individusls, it was a question of govern- prizes, one second and one third. ments. A new state of affairs had arisen in that and, many constiiuencies. In the last election, and for a ' Music in the Park. • year or two before it, a new spirit had sprung up. The I The Perfection Soap Works Band will play the ‘corkingmcn had realised the power of combination, following programme of music on Sunday, June 21st, they had organised their forces, and the Tories were commencing a beaten at the last election not on any question of , t 3.15 p.m. : ---Flymm, Selected ; contest Liberalism or Toryism, but C I n y the Labour vote. The 'march, " Brilliante" J. 0. Hume ; (Ist prize Kidder- trades unionists had organised their forces, and rains4er, June 17th) ,_• overture, "Tancredi " Rossini ; they had returned for that borough a man of ' selection, " Tutti in Blaschera " Pedrotti ; (Ist prize their own class to represent them in the House of I Kidderminster, June 17th) ; selection, " Rossini's Commons, a paid delegate, and a man who did Works" err Round ; (2nd prize Thriven, 3rd prize, not support "either of the political parties. I New Brighton, 1933) ; chorus, " Hallelujah" Handel That was the situation that they must face like men. A great many people in the country were watching I God Save the King. Conductor, Mr. G. F. Bedforth. e:• con- stituencies like that, and saying that it was all very 1 Liberal Club Picnic. well for reversals to take place in Mid-Devon and A successful picnic to Oulton Park promoted by I Peckham, and places like that, but " What are the the members of the subscription-room at the Liberal I, i tradesvti unionists going to t sdo at the next election V' ' Club took place :on Thursday afternoon. Members at were he great indu trial centres, were con- and their wives, to the number of forty-six left Bank at reolxti e b yhe election t? w ocrakiadnigd men'sly, it hvotes, thought going itto wdaos tattgotohde Quay Station at 12.10 for Hartford and on reaching I thing for industrial constituencies like that to be repre- that pretty village they were met by conveyances and ! sentect by a Labour moo, and a paid delegate of the had it magnificent drive through Delarnere Forest, I Labour party, he would not lift a finger to turn him out. past the Abbey Arms, and on tl Kelsall, Tarvin, But it was not a question of individuals, it was a ques- a wtholiea. paWrat Torporley (where a short stay was made) and Oulton twi :rue of thewhtlt characteristics bet Park. Tea was served at the Red Lion Hotel andbest fo or _ hlitelatli.,oalboausr members 1 IL d been noticed s a yt ibaagt i onea Bel got:: tKae day yboourr afterwards the party . indulged in a stro'l round the II beautiful park which is at present looking at its best. two before, that in ten years time the Labour party Leaving Calton Park at 0.45 the party drove through was going to capture the British House of Commons. Budworth Heath and Delamere Forest to Hartford I All he said was, 'God help the country if that happens." where they entrained for Warrington, which was I reached at 8.55. The arrangements were in the hands i takes' • I of a committee consisting of Messrs. T. Locker, J. Worrall and J. ITalliwell. The Labour party had been committing two fatal mis- TahaeLnsec:sli:L:ealys disregarded il economic and tbeminardteserclaantothseetpealratsys, aaagda i, nasnt class.advocated Those legislationw ora t e which h fatal he hoped that on those grounds PUBLIC BEBErIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST the men of St. Helens would do their best to turn out Boom IN LANCA.SIIIItE.—Advt. Mr. Glover at the next election. What had the Labour Progressive Labour League. • party done for the working men during the last two veers? They bragged a good deal about the Trades The attention of our readers is called to the Disputes Bill, but what good had it done for any single ' advertisement in another column of a series of open-S man or woman in St. Ilelens ? It had not sent up their ' air meetings arranged by the Progressive Labour I wages, and how that and measures like the Miners League, which will be held in various parts of the Eight Hours Bill going to add to the general prosperity borough every evening next week. Mr. Joseph Howes :of the country. When they as thinking men considered and others will deliver addresses. The programme the evils the policy of the Labour party might of meetings is as follows: —Monday : Opposite St. I ICloring uponallt the country they w yaanclodtory get the.eregrbeoa‘tinclndutso- Paul's Church, Bewsey-road ; chairman, Mr Joseph ' trial centres properly represented in Parliament. Elwell. Tuesday : Open space in Ellesmere street, lOn questions of Empire, what. did the Labour Party do chairman, Mr. S. Wright. Wednesday : Open space , for them? ("Stir up strife ") Yes, in the same way as in Hardy street ; chairman, Mr. 'Thomas Barnes. , Mr. Keir Hardie had gone to India and interviewed a Thursday : Open spice off Eliz tbeth-street, chair- ' few dilapidated Bengali agitators, and then came home man, Councillor Hawthorn. Special attention is drawn awti tn was sd gmoadderother cmtmongdumentallya was go istufpid° iearsialrn I,hhaatt m to the final meeting of the series which will be held at was ostmlschievotissortoftalk , for there was Bridge Foot on Friday evening. For this gathering ' nothing in common between the people of Oauada and the services of Mr. Fred Maddison, M.P., have been ' the people of India. The present Government was secured and as he is one of the most popular pelitical cutting down the Army And the Navy, but the Labour speakers who visit Warrington there is certain to be Party did not object. The Labour Party were willing a large crowd to hear him. Mr. Maddison is a to neglect all the precautions which were absolutely necessary to safeguard the trade of the country, the splendid representative of Labour and his sturdy independence has won general admiration. 1

- ,

food of its people, and it.: very existence as one° f ths Powers of the world. A vote of thinks was passed to the chairman on the motion of Mr. Rigby Swift, seconded by Couucillor Grace.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES TRADE DEPRESSION.

Widnes is in a bad state owing to trade depression, end almost one-third of the working population are out of work or on short time. bilany years have elapsed since there was so much poverty in the town. The chemical trade is suffering from the depression. Messrs. Ctossages, Boltons, and several other works are busy. Two hundred out-of-works were entertained to a sub- stantial meal at the Alexandra Theatre at noon on Wednesday.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
GALLANTRY IN SAYING LIFE.

Local Cases.

Tae Royal Humane Society has made the followin 'awards for gallantry : Testimonial to S. Ennion, son of Superintendent Ennion, Runcorn police, for his action on May 9th in ! plunging into 10ft. of stagnant wet sr in a pit at ; Clifton and saving a man who, in an attempt at stlicide, had thrown himself in. Testimonial to Thomas Spottiswood, Earlestown, I Newton-le-Willows, for saving two children from the canal there on May 2nd. j Testimonial to James Wilson, Albion-street, St. Helens, for his action in rescuing John Tunstall from the canal there on May 30th. Testimonial to Henry Holland, aged 14, Northwich, for saving his younger brother from the Dane, which was in high flood, on May 12th, this being the second j time he has saved his brother from the river.

LOCAL LICENCES EXTINGUISIIED-A DESERTED INN.

Cheshire Licensing Compensation Authority hold i ts principal meeting at Chester Castle on Wednesday, Mr. C. H. Booth presiding. The Clerk k Mr. R. atolls) reported that at a meeting of the committee that morning Mr. Booth was elected chairman, and Mr. H. C. Yates deputy-chairman for the ensuing year. The- full alehouse licence of the Star Inn,Weaverham, the licensee of which is Mr.Williana Wood, was referred for compensatien, as was also the beer licence of the Cornwall and Devonshire Arms, Church-street, Runcorn, no opposition being offered. The beer and wine licence of the Ferry Hotel, Church-street, Runcorn; (holder Mr. David Millington), , was also refused with a view to compensation, no opposition being offered. With reference to the beer licence of the Millstone, Mill-street, Runcorn, held by Mr. John 1 )ylpud, Superintendent Ennion said he had been in Runcorn six years,and he had never seen a customer in the house. No opposilion was offered, and the licence was extinguished. The beer licence of the Rosa and Shamrock, Mersey street, Runcorn, held by Thomas Frein, was likewise extinguished. In the case of the Albion Inn or Theatre Vaults, Peel-street, Runcorn, tenanted by Thomas Bradburn, opposition was made to the extinction by Mr, W. It Jones (Birkenhead), on behalf of Messrs. Walker and Co. it was proved for the justices that in the neighbourhood there were eighteen fully licensed houses and fifteen beerhouses. Mr. Jones quoted statistics showing that'the trade bad greatly increased since 1905, and the house was a great convenience for supplying dinner and supper beer. The licence was refused

===== 0002601_19080620_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

FORTHCOMING MARRIAGE.

A marriage will take place in Glasgow on the 23rd inst. between Dr. Archibald S. Wilson, St. Helens, Lancashire, and Dr. Martha ILL Buchan,daughter of Dr. Buchan, Cleland, and sister of the well-knoa a medical o3icer of health of St.llelens.The contracting parties are both graduates of the University of Glasgow' the lady having taken her degree with distinction" last year. Dr. Wilson recently succeeded to the practice of the late Dr. Gray of St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH THROUGH MUNN.

An inquest was held at St. Helens on Homily on George Luot, a glass-gatherer, of Stanhope-street, St. Helens, who died on Thursday afternoon last under mysterious circumstances. On Thursday he did not go to bed, but had three gills of beer, and went to bed in the afternoon. About half-past four his wife heard a fall in the bedroom, and found him frothing at the mouth. She put him in bed, and Dr. Davies was sent for, but the man was dead on his arrival.—The Coroner said that the doctor was told that deceased had drank some liniment out of a bottle, but the witness denied this.—Dr. Davies said he was called to the house and found Lunt dead. A messenger told him that Lunt had drunk some liniment, A post-mortem had been held, and death was due to syncope, owing to fatty degeneration of the heart and liver, caused by drink.— There was no evidence of poison having been taken' and the jury returned a verdict of " Death from natural causes."

===== 0002601_19080620_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.

Thomas Hewitt has been granted temporary authority to sell at the Blue Bell Inn, High-street, Newton, ia lieu of Mrs. Hilbert.

HORSE.-THE RONAVNES AGAIN. _

William Ronayne, Garret Ronayne, John Murray, and i Harry Austin were summoned at Newton Sessions last ; week, for cruelty to a horse in Southwork-road,Newton on May 6th. Garret did not appear and the others pleaded not guilty.—Thomas Danphy, a lad from Uolborne, said the four were in a conveyance, and he saw the Rouaynes cruelly beating the horse with thick sticks (produced). They continued till the horse staggered across the road and fell down. After that Murray thrashed the horse with the breeching strap, and the fourth man kicked it. They could not make it get up, but he thought they were a quarter of an hour beating it. A policeman came up, and they all went away, The horse straggled and kicked a shoe off, but could not get up. 'the defendants were not sober. I—John1—John Robinson and Joseph Beim, two other Golborne lads, who were with the last witnesss, confirmed his ' evidence.—John Unsworth, postman, of Lowton, also corroborated.—P.C. Hughes said he had information from Unsworth, and went and found the horse lying down, and in a shocking condition, bruised and bleed- ing, and blood and hair lying about.—William Ronayne said the horse was vicious, and lay down to rest atter kicking and getting its leg over the shaft. —The Bench considered it a had case ; they found the two Ronaynes and Murray 20s. and costs each, and Austin ss. and costs' and thanked the Inspector for bringing the case forward.. EARLESTOWN FOOIBALL CLUB. A POOR SEASON.

The annual meeting of the above club was held in the Go-operative Hall, Earlestown on Thursday night last week and the President (Mr. Tom Siddeley) had a , thankless task to induce people to take odice. The club has not had a very successful season, as, although starting with a balance of £l9 at the end of the year, £l7 in debts were still unpaid. The chief reason was a fall of £lOO in gate receipts. Mr. Siddeley said he did not know what they would have done but for Ma. P. Mel:Lardy who had got in about £4O in two seasons. . _

Mr. C. Wyatt said the Secretary's salary was £lO, but he had only got 24 on account. De, at any rate, ought to have his salary, as he worked to the club as cheaply as anyone. Mr. Perks said he was perfectly satisfied seeing that the balance was on the wrong side Mbar, hear). Mr. Forrester thought they ought to try and make members, who took out cards pay for them; he believed a lot of money was still outstanding. The Chairman said there was about VI

The Secretary said they were bound to get a few defaulters in 300 members, and the me i who took out 100 cards and had two defaulters did more good than he who soli a dozen which were all paid for. Mr. Appleton wanted to know why the committee did not carry out their resolution to make members pay. The Chairman said that was Committee business and ought not to be spoken of outside. For himself, he knew nothing of it, but a man who would not pay for his ticket was not a sportsman at all, lie felt strongly on this matter and offered to pay legal charges to com- pel men who were earning .C. 2 or .£3 a week to carry out their bargain, lint the Committee would nut allow him to go so far. _ . _ _ _

Mr. IVicHardy contended the bad Iveather had much to do with the loss on the season's working, and the Committee could not be blamed for the adverse balance.

Oa the motion of Mr. Ogden the accounts were passed. Mr. Ogden moved the re-election of Mr. Siddeley as President, which was carried unanimously. Mr. B. Ashcroft was re-elected Treasurer, Mr. A. Perks, Secretary, and Messrs. J. H. Alderson and C. F. Porter, Auditors. _ _ _

About 50 names were proposed for the Committee, most of whom declined to stand, but eventually the following were elected :—Messrs. T. Topping, P. McHardy, J. Sankey, J. Horridge, Robinson' Jolly, Allwood, W. Houghton, W. Harrison, Isaac E. Clough, N. Stephens, Lockett, Lilley and Hesketh. In his review the secretary poiuted out that their weakness in the past season was among t`le forwards who did not seem to get goals. The chief goal scorers were Lowe 8, Hughes 7, Bartley 6, Woods 4, and Fletcher 3. They had retained all their old players and would have Salt to assist them when repuired. They had signed a new man in Brosn, trona St. Helens Recreation, who came with good credentials, and hoped to get another good for- ward shortly. The spectators were always crying out for local lads, and so IOJUSi e were, they that one day Woods nearly left the field on account of their conduct. If he had done so the club would have lost £75, yet it was the general opinion he should come out. Forwards were hard to get and when they had got them it was harder still to improve on them unless they could pay him salaries and the Committee could nat see their way to so wllea they were .C6O in debt. Anyhow local lads did not let them down and one of them scored more goals during February than anyone else during tho whole season.

A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

LIVERPOOL FIRM'S ENTERPRISE.

Among Liverpool firms whose keynote has been judiciously effected enterprise We name of Messrs. George Henry Lee and Co., of the well-known emporium in Basnett-street, occupies a peorniuent place. Recently the firm acquired spacious premises adjoining their establishment and extending along Basuett-street as far as Houghton-street, and, following ' demolition operations, an imposirr, extension 83 feet in length by 56 feet in width, has been provided, giving with the older portion of the establishment a total Ivista along Basnett-street of 21.0 feet. From the first I vision of the new premises one is favourably impressed. From a magnificent entrance, beautifully designed and executed in polished walnut wood, exquisitively figured and carved, one emerges on to the ground floor, and the lavishness and artistic effect with which everything has been carried out at one attract the visitor's attention. The new premises contain five floors, including the basement, which, being splendidly lighted and ventilated, is almost as good as the floors situated on higher levels. The general scheme has been carried out in the later Jacobean style The several floors are approached by a massive solid oak staircase, over 6 feet wide, the newel posts panelled and carved with appropriate designs while the handds ii is supported by hand-wrought iron grilles. The stma I case treads and landing are effectively inlaid with ro,. parquetry. Welcome provision has also been madela,,i access to the floors by a comfortably appoilicei hydraulic passenger lilt with hand-wrought ives eaclosure. The new entrance in Basnett-street groin direct access to the furnishing department and f ths there gentlemen not desirous of passing through so Imain warehouse may reach the restaurant on first flea .. The showrooms whose appointments have be: , designed on a scale both elaborate and magni cent are lighted by a large dome, or lanterr light., which constructed on the level of the third floo Igives Vie advantage of a clear height from the groan- fl rof about 45 feet, and consequently secures a grsn 1 vista in each of the rooms into and across the pma I sent premises. The additional floor space provid 0 for showrooms in the new building is upware- of 18,200 superficial feet, and the workroofi. ' accommodation has been increased by 3,670 superthin Ifeet. Additional to the numerous departments of 'millinery, costumes and general drapery, &c., for the Isupply of which Messrs. George Henry Lee and Co. have long been favourably known within an extensive 1 radius of Liverpool, the firm, with their greatly j increased accommodation will have greater facilities for the exhibition and sale of furniture, carpets, linoleurns, &c., the establishment now containing a very comprehensive stock of such goods. .1 ISLE OF ANGLESEY TRIPS.

From our advertising columns it will be observed that the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Com- pany are advertising two of their splendid sea cruises round the island of Anglesey. On Sunday next, the 21st inst., their popular steamer St. Tulin° will leave the Prince's Stage at 8.45 a.m., due back at 8 p.m. The steamer does not call anywhere' and affords passengers a most delightful sea cruise of 170 miles. On Monday ' the St. Tudno leaves at 9.15 a.m. for Anglesey trip, calling at Llandudno, thus affording passengers who may desire to go ashore at that place to have a long stay of about six hours until steamer returns at 5.30 i - p.m. Given flue weather the steamer should be well , patronised.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT DISCOVERY. _- HOW FAT MAY BE REMOVED RAPIDLY BY A SIMPLE HOME REMEDY WI rEIOUT CAUSING WRINKLES, DISTORF3ING TEE DIET, OR UNDERGOING VIOLENT EXERCISE.

" Fat is nothing but unused energy," says an eminent physician, and the man or woman who is over- burdened with it can easily get rid of the excer,s if they wish. MI they need is one half-ounce of Marinola. one ounce of fluid extract of Glveyrrhiza 8.P., one ounce of pure Glycerine 8.F., and Peppermint %Water to make six ounces ; all of which they can get at any chemist's at a very reasonable cost. Then let them take one teaspoonful Liter each meal and at bedtime until they are reduced to the desired weight. This simple home receipt is far better than any of the secret preparations, for it reduces the fat safely and harmlessly. The ingredients are wholly beneficial to the system, having both tonic and purifying qualities, and so help rather than distress the stomach. The remedy does not caithe wrinkles for it reduces one gradually and naturally, preserving a good outline, and, best of all, needs no assistance from physical exercise or any change in diet—one can get the best results and still take things easy ; eating just what, when and how one pleases. Be sure and get the Idarmola in a sealed package.

•

===== 0002601_19080620_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19080620_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Barnard-3s Homes.

Under the auspices of the Young Helpers' League a garden fet 3 and sale of work in aid of Dr. I3arn3rdo's Homes will be held at the residence of Mrs.C. Jackson _ _

Holmes, Marlborough Crescent, Latchford, to-day at p.m. Various attractions are promised, in the form of music, a play, character reading, etc. The Mayor will open the proceedings, and it is to be hoped that he will be well suppirted by townsp!ople. Plumber Sues Builder. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will K.C., Thomas Hughes, master plumber, Knutsford-road, sued Emmanuel Davies. builder, Fletcher-etreet, for £ll 3s. 93. balance alleged to he duo for work done to defendant's orders. - Defendant paid £l5 into Court, with a denial of liability. -Mr. E. A. White appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Proctor, barrister (instructed by Messrs. Robert Davies and Co) represented the defendant.—Plaintiff's case was that he undertook to do work at two houses in Fletcher-street for £79 ort the understanding that anything else was to be pabl for as extras. Ultimately a dispute arose between the parties as to whether certain other work was included in the contract and plaintiff withdrew his men from the job, the present proceedings resulting, Defendant had paid him £5O, but plaintiff held he was entitled to the balance of the .f.,79, as well as to £lB Bs. 93. for extras, less £3 Sc. for work he admitted was not done. After a hearing lasting several hours, his Honour held that the contract covered all the work and that plaintiff was therefore entitled to £l3 10s. As defendant had paid £l5 into Court, his Honour directed that the balance of 30s. should be returned to - him and that he should have costs subsequent to the Payment into Court.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD

INQUIRY.

A 'Ratepayer's Criticisms.

Mr. W. R. North, M.lnst. C.E., an inspector of the Local Government Board, held an inquiry at the Warrington Town Hall on Wednesday morning into the application of the Corporation for sanction to borrow £469 for the erection of public conveniences at the %tarket Hall. Amongst those present were the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Mr. Robert Isherwood, and ICorporation officials. Mr. W. H. Woodcock (assistant overseer) submitted the usual statistics as to the population and financial position of the borough. He said a penny in the .Z on the borough rate would produce £1,045 and .on the improvement rate £943. The Town Clerk said there was a great need for sanitary conveniences in the borough, particularly for the use of ladies. There was no such place in existence at present except one below the market,which was used mainly by market tenants and customers. It was there- fore proposed to construct a new one in the Market Hall which was in the centre of the town. It was further intended to remove the existing urinal adjoin- ing the Market Hall, which was an eyesore and an obstruction of the footpath as well as an annoyance to the people in the neighbourhood. In answer to the Inspector the Town Clerk said the Market Hall was built about 1557 at a cost of £20,000. The hall itself was of a very little use now and only brought in a revenue of about .e 5 a week. It would have to be demolished before many years were over. Mr. Woodcock said there was a very small debt on the whole of the market but there was none specifically on the bell.

The Town Clerk said the building was badly con— structed ir the first place. . . .

The Borough Su'rveyor then expirined the plans. He stated that the successful contractor bad withdrawn his tender that morning and the next lowest tender Was £2l more. The person who offered to do the work for that extra amount had now telephoned that he required .£l7 more. The Town Clerk : We shall advertise again. The Inspector : That would be the safest course. Mr. Robert Isherwood said he represented the Property Owners' and Ratepayers' Association. They did not wish the Corporation to understand that they were in opposition to them in any shape or form or that they opposed the present application. They were anxious at all times to help the Corporation to abate nuisances but the Corporation was not always anxious to help them. A short time ago attention was called to the urinal at the end of Bewsey-street which he contended was in a worse condition than those adjoining the market ball, but because the property belonged to a certain ratepayer The Inspector: I must rule you out of order. Yon must not go into all that. I want you to speak to this particular scheme. Mr. Isherwood: We quite approve of it. The Inspector : I am not here to go into the relations between the Ratepayers' Association and the Corporation Mr. Isherwood: I think the ratepayers ought to be consulted in some degree and when such nuisances, condemned by the Medical o:licer of Health and other medical officers and by the Chairman of the Health Committee, are brought before the Corporation some notice ought to be taken of them. However, it was out-voted. It was rumoured when the vote was taken

....- that it was my property. The Town Clerk: I never heard a word about it.. This gentleman in.ppens to be the owner of property near it and he naturally objects. The inquiry then closed.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON A TIED-TOWN."

" Clerical Sinners Against Their

Flocks."

The following appears in the Bortonwood Parish Magazine, published by the Rev. A. M. Mitchell (vicar.) " Warrington is not the only Tied-town, nor is it the greatest of brewers' towns, but it does not lag far behind. Tied hand and foot to the powerful brewing firms of Peter Walker & Slns, and Greenall Whitley & Co., poor Warrington has never had a fair chance. Beer has dominated Church and Town, and has been as

plentiful—though not as cheap—as water. The sweet flower 'temperance' has found it clifflcult to thrive and flourish in such beer sodden soil and drink infected atmosphere. " The unexpected always happens," and all adverse circumstances notwithstanding, total abstinence is to-day a real aggressive power in Warrington, Beautiful Warrington will 'arrive' not through bricks and mortar and garden cities, but by the way of sobrietry, social righteousness, and civi moralitr. The beer-ridden town of Warrington, delivered from the domination of the brewer monopolists, would prove , to be something more than a nine days' wonder, yet the ' day will inevitably dawn when the influence of these men will be shattered and sundered,and the local brewing houses languish for lack of employment. Speed the day ! All must help it on. Forward be our watchword.' Report has it that unhappy Warrington is the Town of Clerical penitents.' Would that it were s! There is need of penitence, or Clerical penitence, and it cannot manifest itself too soon. We must be forgiven if for the present, we bide amongst the unbeliev- ing Thomases.' Seeing in this case is believing, nothing short of seeing can persuade, convince. The Warrington Clergy to a man deserted the Bishop of Liverpool in his Licensing Bill Crusade, and absented themselves from the great Citizens' Meeting in the Parr Hall, whither they had flocked a few days previously to swell the brewers' platform. When the Clergy, who have hitherto acted as brewers' hench- men, appear on the anti-brewer platform their repent- ance may be believed and accepted. Short of this there can be no true repentance. If in earnest these clerical sinners against their flocks will come forward and publicly confess before their fellow-townsmen,— We have sinned in that we have .supported the Drink Traflio and begged the brewers' dollars. From this time forth we beg no more. The Bill whicls. before-time we have opposed we now most vigorously support.' Such a confession of error would exalt the Church in the eyes of the whole town whilst giving its death blow, and quietus for ever, to brewer domina- tion. He's a slave ' says Lowell, ' that dare not be in the right.' Temperance reformers in the Tied-town have wrought wonderfully, notwithstanding their work has been carried on under the most dispiriting and adverse rionditions. Although many a time hard pressed in the unequal fight, they have all along stoutly refused to surrender the Total Abstinence flag. The Hag * floats high to-day. The Warrington Band of Hope Union has made, and still is making', a splendid fight for the children of the Tied-town. ''This Union, which now embraces no less than twenty-six Band of Elope Societies, as recently as May last, held a delightful and crowded two days' i Festival n the Parr Hall. The organizers of this rather gigantic function are to be heartily commended for their pluck, complimented for their energy, and congratulated on their success. The late Mr. R. A. Naylor was, we remember,presideat for some years of this vigorous and enterprising Union. The Union owes much of its present day vitality to Mr. Naylor's never-failing sympathy and encouragement. The presidential chair now is filled, both fittingly and ably, by a lady, Mrs. James Dodds, wife of the doughty champion of the Non-Trading movement. Mrs. ()Ads is highly popular in Temperance circles, and is always ready with her adsom in response to the frequent calls made upon her time and powers."

IF THE EYES have a tired sensation, if tronbled Irith habitual headache, if the eyes cannot stand the, light, get the sight tested by JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight Specialist, 84, Bridge-street, Warriagton.. Low charges, Satisfaction guaranteed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
_

c'.,.:2.;,,,'-'.''':::..-k.'7,;•••:,".7'.!',-1'7...-.:;.:;,ir.::......'''

===== 0002601_19080620_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6

===== 0002601_19080620_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
3IR. MINIVER'S MARRLIGE.

TALL EMITS EEETRVED..I

Blr JOHN K. LETS, Al:thor of "The Spy's Conf eF si on ," "The Americr-n Duel," In the Grey of the Dawning," "An Emancipated Woman," L.:.

Punctually at half-past eight Mr. Alfred Dunn Miniver entered the breakfast-room of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, and nervously adjusting his pince-ucz took a timid survey of the apartment. He was a youngish, middle-aged man, dark and slight, with a prematurely bald place at the back of his head, and very near-sighted. This little defect, joined to a naturally hesitating manner, gave Mr. Miniver the appearance of not knowing his own mind. He hesitated when the waiter drew back a chair for him, because he noticed that a place was laid opposite, and be would have much pret.rred to have a table by himself. But his hesitation was not strong enough to induce him to make any objection ; and the wooden-faced waiter, though he saw and understood the pause and the

ilissraislied look, calmly ignored theil Five minutes later the swish of a lady's silk- lined skirt was heard behind Mr. Miniver's chair, and he looked up in alarm. The next moment he had fallen back_ in his seat., his lips parted in . .

. • amazement, a look of consternation in his eyes. The lady smiled, as she held out a shapely white hand, and said in a rich, southern voice: "Good-morning, Mr. Miniver, I did not expect to meet you here. How is your uncle this morning? Mr. Miniver could not choose bat take the band. He bowed, and murmured something inaudible, and then as the lady took her seat he caught up a newspaper which a former guest had left behind, and propping it against the hot-water jug, began studying it with great attention. The lady bent an amused, contemptuous glance upon him, and quietly went on with her breakfast. perfectly conscious of the fact that the eyes of half the men in the room ‘vere turned every now and then in her direction. The Signora Trebelli was, in truth, a singularly beautiful woman. Her charms were in the very z nith if their bloom. ' She had a mat2nificent figure, a lovely complexion, and a pair of lar4e, dark eyes that would of them- selves have redeemed the plainest face from

cbscurity. But Mr. Miniver was blind to these things. His eyes were glued to the paper. lie scarcely dared to turn aside his head to eat or drink lest the woman opposite should _address him. Ile had

cause to rneuitcr her. Had he not all but suc- ceeded in marrying his uncle, Silas Miniver. the millionaire, and robbing him of his future inheri- tance? Had she not stood her ground in spite of all the relatives, and a large section of the English

society of Naples, so that the old gentleman had escaped tut by the skin of hi a teeth ? Was she not, in word, the cleverest, the most dangerous, the most unscrupulous of adventuresses? Mr. Miniver thought he did well to leep hi a eyes fixed on the newspaper, save for a hasty glance now and then at plale or cofTe-cup. "How is your uncle to-day, Mr. Alfred ?" said the lady, with a quite unwarranted familiarity.

"Er—my uncle, that is, Silas Miniver,- is— is very well at present, 1 believe—that is, for a man of his years." She laughed. "Oh, indeed ? For a man of his years ? I must remember to tell him that." So she knew ! She knew that Mr. Minivcr, senior, was at that moment lying upstairs some- where, feeble and querulous, as rich, lonely old men are used to be. Perhaps she hid heard of his enfeebled state, and had come to England with no other intention than to regain her old influence over him. Perhaps he had summoned her to his bedside. Possibly he intended, even at that eleventh hour, to make a codicil in her favour. She might even contrive to make him mnrry her I At the thought Mr. :Miniver's brow became moist, and he wiped it furtively with his pocket. handkerchief. Starting up he bowed hastily to the lady, and turning sharply rotund, was in time to e, o a pronounced grin on the fare of the waiter _before it relapsed into its wonted expression if wooden negation. A minute later he knocked at his uncle's door. A nurse admitted him, and as he approached the bed the sick man put forth a skinny, claw like band to welcome him.

"1' in mt., better, Alfred," lie said. in a thin, travering tone. "I thought if T came pp to town the change might do me good, but it hasn't. And the doctors don't do me any good eillwr. bbs London doctors are just as lig fools as the country ones. Send that woman out of the room," he added, in a lower tone. "I have something to say to yon." . _

Alfrcd Mtnircr asked the nurse to retire, which he did, he thought, unwillingly, and returned to the be&ide. "I want you to get me some medicine, Alfred, from a place in the City where I know it is to be had. It is rather an out-of-the-way druz, but it ia the only thing that gives me any relief. Here is the prescription." He pulled a scrap of paper from under his piliow, and handed it to his nephew. "Of course I hall be happy to go, my dear uncle," said Mr. Alfred Miniver, secretly delighted at this mark of favour. "I will go at once." And

so he did. He thought the chemist gave him an odd look when, :laving read the prescription, he asked hint to sign his name in a Lig book. Then it seemed as if the prescription took a long time to prepare. lint the medicine was handed over at last, and Mr. Miniver left the shop. Just as his hansom started he bent forward soddenly and gazed intently at lady who was looking in at a ship window. She reminded him of the signora. Be her tack was now turned to him, and before he could get out his gasses he had teen carried out of range. "Thank you, my boy," said the old man, when Alfred gave him the medicine. "Now measure flue out twenty drops—no, thirty. And till up the glass with water---No, you keep it," he added, as his nephew was alietut to lay the tiny phial down among the other bottles. "You keep it, and git e • -1 itu.n when 1 need 1t

me a-dose now and then when 1 need it. I don't want it to.fall into that woman's hands."

, .- ---- _ e e. So confused was Alfred by these unwonted. theC- l'i .... 0- --- - glance, ...e lady am it onfidenees that he scarcely felt sore whether had been adininistered without her know- A shriek from the signora brought the ready woman " was the nurse or the Italian lady. Ile ledge se "that „...ge; i , and when the phial containing the poison, guard to the door of the carriage. very much minted to ask his uncle whether he had sr the fragments of it, were discovered behind the "What is it, madam ? Anything wrong ? seen her, or whether he meant to do so, but recog- " , ( ireeister-s'ove in his bedroom, and when, finally, "That man—he is not my husband!" using that there might be a danger in putting such it was proved that he would inherit the hulk of . "My dear madam, it is an honour I never i 1 his uncle's wealth, the chain of evidence would be aspired to," said the stranger. a qiiery he refrained. I When the nurse came in a few minntes later she complete. And it was impossible to fish tip the "Has the gentleman been annoying you in cry found her patient apparently asleep, and she judged 1 p.l,reial again. It would be necessary to pull down way ? " asked the guard. it a good opportunity to go and Ilel some luncheon. ,r. grate before it could be reached. The wretched "He pretended all this time that he was my She had not been gone hall-an-hour , liana sat down on the bed, covered his face with his husband—l thought he was. I was quite taken in wit a the end greened aloud. by him. My husband must have been left behind." isienora tapped at the door of the sick nun's . l'ard4' ! "Never-r-r mind, my dear Alfred," said the "Do you want to make any charge against the ehaniber. Receiving no response, she gently turned ! soothing yoke Of the I.iznora. "I have no ill-will gmtleman ?" repeated the guard in less bland the handle and enfered. Then, sulenioniug he towards you—very much-the reverse. As for the past tones than before. most engaging smile, she glided towards the bid. I i —it is But no sooner did she catch sight of the -figure gone. It is forgotten. Trust in me, and all "I? No. That is, he didn't do anything, or ' will be well. You stay here and pretend to be ill. say anything, but he made me believe--" lying there than her smile faded, her gliding walk (.40 to bed, and make them bring you up some tea. ."All right, mum. Best, perhaps, sneak about it stopped short, movement ceased, and she started like one frightened. Slowly she approeched the That will account for your not hearing of your to the captain on board the boat," said the guard, uncle's death to-day, and will give us time to slamming the door. bed, and lifted one of Mr. Miniver s hands. It drcpped front her hold and fell like lead upon the arrrarme our plan of defence, will it not? To- ' "Are you going to tell me where my husband counterpane. There was no heart-heat, no morrow we will settle what is best to be done, and is ?" demanded the lady, coining Close to the pulse, no breath. And from those blood ess lip; there I give you my word of honour that I will say stranger and assuming a very threatening air. nothine, to the polie e—te-day." issued a heavy, peculirr odour. I "My dear madam, yen must first tell me who 1 With a malicious accent on the lest word the Is your husband," said Mr. NlTheeler, gently. "Dead! Ile is dead ! lam too late!" muttered the lady, pressing her hand to her forehead. signora withdrew, leaving Mr. Miniver a prey to he lady said no more, but returned to London 'hen elle looked Remind with a sharp, inquisitive the gloomiest apprehensions. lie was sick with by the next train in search of her husband. She glance. A despatch-box stood at a little distance, anxiety and foreboding; and he thought that on is still looking for him. Mr. Miniver, acting and she guessed that the money n hilt Mr. the whole the best and safest thing to do was to under Mr. Wheeler's directions, crossed to Havre Miniver was to give her in lieu of the legacy she take the Italian woman's advice. I by another route that night, and there commenced' had expected was in that box. Her iustinet led ' Next morning he rose late, 'dressed, and fell to a long tour of obervarion round the world in her to a drawer in the looking-glass, where she pacing his room in is state of miserable dread and company with his friend Wheeler. As a matter of found the key of the despatch-box. In the box perplexity. He did not dare to go down to get ' precaution he travels under the name of Smith, and was a roll of Lank-notes. The Signora pulled three something to eat, lest some chance visitor should ! by the help of Mr. Silas Miniver's money and his or four off the roll and thrust them back into the recognise him mhi as the nephew of the man who had friend's society, he contrives to forget the fact despatch-box. which he locked. Then she died in the hotel the day before—nay, it, was that he is in some sense, at all events, a faultily s certain that several relatives would be in the hotel i maxis replaced the key, and stuffed the remainder of tt:e_Jen re, e, , by this time, and it was more than probable that 1 --tern La lIE EdiD. 1 rotes into her pocket. one of them would meet him if he had left his ! Scarcely had she done this, when tim door room. Yet he could not stay in his room an eperied, and Mr. Alfred Miniver's head was tide t indefinite time. Surely the signora would be able t etween door and door-post. The signora had a to suggest something. She could not have forgotten viiild desire to rush upon him and try whether she him, or her promise of assistance. could decapitate him by swiftly closing the door, She had not. Shortly after eleven she tapped at tut she stood perfectly still. Local Cases. the door of Mr. Miniver's room, and he at once "Madame I You here!" exclaimed the young admitted her. man, in a stage whisper. "I do not will to wake " The Royal Humane Society has made the following There is to be what they call an inquest," my uncle, who, I see, is asleep, but really you hie awards for gallantry:— must leave the room this instant. My uncle burst out, falling into the nearest chair. "I am Testimonial to S. Ennion, son of Superintendent is not in a condition to receive visitors." afraid that all must be told, and what will become Ennion, Runcorn police, for his action on May 9th in The lady said nothing, but stood her ground. •f you, my poor friend, I tremble to think I " plunging into loft, of stagnant water in a pit at. She was thinking what she should do. Mr. .. Mr. Miniver moistened his dry lips, and said Clifton and saying a man who, in an attempt at suicide, Alfred Miniver saw that strong measures world be uothin g. had thrown himself in. "If rf ana summoned I must appear, for if I were Testimonial to Thomas Spottiswo9d, Earlestown, necessary. "Uncle Silas," he said, raising his voice nnd to try to run away I would be apprehended—that Newton-le-Willows, for saving two children from the is I there on May 2nd. advancing to the bed, "is it your wish that this what, they tell me. And if I give evidence I canal Y Testimonial to J-tinies Wilson, Albion-street, St. must tell the truth. I dare not take a false oath. lady should retire or not ?" Helens, for his action in rescuing John Tunstall from And when they come to know about your going to There wes no answer, and he repeated the ques- the canal there on May 30th. tits ,tiemistts—where von wrote your name in a Testimonial to Henry Holland, aged 14, Northwich, tion. Still receiving no reply, he peered into his ..book, did you not ?—and about the poison phial for saving his younger brother from the Dane, which uncle's face and saw how matters stood, over there behind the grate, what will they think? vies in high flood, on May 12th, this being the second "You have killed him. von—yon murderess!" Whet will they do to you, my poor Alfred ?A time he ha e raved his brother from the river. lie shrieked, laying hold, in the sudden horror or "Signora, 1 beg you to go. Leave me. Leave , the mcment, of the signora's dress. me to my fate. I daresay you mean well, but rshe lady began to move towards the door, saying

===== 0002601_19080620_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
- L'- -

at the same time: "You are mad! Leave bold I won't follow your advice any more, for it hasn't of my dress!" • turned out very well. I shall give myself up to tte "I will not I I believe that you have frightened police, and tell all I know." my poor uncle to death / At any rate, you shall • He had his hand on the handle of the door. The answer for your presence here. You do not leave signora sprang at him, and tore it away. this room till the police have arrived." "Are you mad ? " she exclaimed. "Don't you see Ho turned and made for the door, but the lady that although that course milht have answered was too quick for him. She reached the door first, yesterday you cannot follow it to-day ? It would locked it, and put the key in her pocket. Before be ruin—absolute ruin ! Who would believe that Mr. Miniver could get over his surprise, the lady you have been ill? What doctor have you sent had reviewed the situation, and had decided on her for 1 Everybody will know that you have simply course of action. been in hiding. And now, when the danger is at "You are a clever man, Mr. Alfred Miniver— its greatest, you will rush out and throw yourself cleverer than I took you for, but this bravado will into its arms. Oh, what madness!" not do. You know that I have nothing to do with "But what can Ido ? " groaned the wretched your uncle's death. He was dead when I entered mm, leaning in a helpless manner against the the room, a few seconds before you did. But I dlor-post. know low he died, and so do ecre " "Well, I have thought of a plan. If you adopt "I ? I g,ive you my word I don't know what it will mean perfect safety for you. Alfred, you mean ! " since yesterday I have not been idle. I have taken "Indeed! Do yen think I don't know the smell the advice of an English lawyer. Oh, I was of that drug? Do you think the doctor, who will cautious, you need not start. He told me that in be here in five minutes, won't know it ? Do you this country it is impossible for a vtife to give think I don't know that it is one of the strongest evidence against her own husband. There is but poisons in elstence ?" As site spoke the next one way out of this awful difficulty. Alfred, we words her voice sank, and her swan-like neck j must marry !" stretched out so that her face approached near to "Marry you! I would rather--" He stopped that of the pallid man listening to her. "Was it short. . .

that you were buying in the druggist's shop in the City this morning P" In a moment the unhappy man had realised the truth. IVhether by accident or by design his uncle ol died from the effects of a poison which he, _ . . .

"Am I, then, so hideous,Alfred ?" said the lady, softly, but with a gleam in her eyes that suggested that possibly Mr. Miniver might be made to pal heeafter for his unfinished remark. "No, not at all. You know that you are very _ . _ . _ . . _

Alfred Miniver, had administered in the nurse's a',;ence and without her knowledge. His knees s'iook. The dock and the gallows seemed near at hand. Eut he resolved to tight the matter out. "My uncle himself asked me to buy the medicine," he said, loftily. "I can bear witness to that effect at the proper time. Meanwhile, it ii my duty to call the attention of the hotel people t ) hat has happened. If you do not open that d,or immediately you will oblige me to throw 432 en the window and shout for the police." For a moment the heart, of the adventuress q 'eked. If the police were summoned while she trtg yet in the room she might be arrested. She won Id then be searched, and bow was she to e.i.plain the presence of the bank-notes in her p )cket ? True, Mr. Miniver had asked her to come aid pay him a farewell visit, saying at the same tie that he would make her a present of money lieu of a legacy. But she had not thought of p- eserving the note. how was she to prove her s'ory Yet never for a moment did her nerve fail

beautiful. But I do not wish to marry. I shaft never marry. I made my mind up to it—years azo." "Yon will have to make it up ever again, then, my dear Alfred, or else go to the scaffold. You forget that I can send you to prison at any moment, and you know what the end of that must be." A ghastly whiteness appeared on the victim's face. For the first time he realised that he was in this woman's power, and that he was practically forced to do her bidding. "But there isn't—there isn't time," he said, lamely. "teople can't be married all in a moment like that." "I asked the lawyer about that too, thiriking it might be as well to know, and he told me exactly what has to be done. I can get the license and arrange with the clerzyman at once, if you prefer to marry use rather than go to prison." There may be some men who would prefer to meet a charge of murder, there being apparently

Her quick eyes roamed here and there, as Clough seeking for a way out of the difficulty. "You can do as you please," she said, coldly. "I am going to toy room, and icy evidence will b at the discosal of the police when it_is wanted."

ovcrwhelminievidenee of guilt, rather -th.a.n marri a beautiful woman of questionable antecedents and doubtful veracity. If so, Mr. Alfred Dunn Miniver was not one of them. In a few minutes he gave his consent, and the preliminaries were

She began to walk to the door, Mr. Miniver following her in some uncertainty as to what ho s'iould do next, when Elie suddenly stopped, wheeled round, and fixed her flashing eyes on the unfortunate Mr. Miniver.

sett-led. The signora was to gei, the license and arrange for the services of a clergyman ; and in the meantime Mr. Miniver was to go back to bed and nng for a cup of tea and a bit of toast, invalid fashion. Ire was to have his portmanteau packed

What did you do with the phial ? I see it is not here!" Then, seeing the look of horror break- ing into his face, she realised that she had won. "You have it upstairs. If the police were to scarch your room they would find it there now!" He was silent. "You must acknowledge -that whether you intended to cause your uncle's death cr not, you c-rtainly I:are caused it," said the signora. " You must see that you are in great peril. As

and his bill paid, and the signora would conic and li.dp to smuggle him out of the hotel at three o'clock. After the ceremony they would go and stay quietly at another hotel, until it was time to start for the night mail to Paris. "So doubt a warrant for my arrest to give evidence will be issued this afternoon, but they will not catch us," said the lady, as she took her leave. "To-morrow we shall be far beyond their reach." The • -gramme was faithfully carried out. At

ffir me, I must summon the manager 'the hotel. It is my duty. I dare not do otherwise. You had better go to your room. All I say now is that I will not tell the police at premit all I know. I must take time to consider. If you can con- vince me of your innocence —but we can speak of that later. Go to your room, and if you leave the hotel, of course I must tell the police all I know at once." She gave him the key of the door and waved him away. He opened the door and slunk up to his room. lie wanted time to think, he told him- self. In reality he meant to destroy the phial, and he wanted to get away from the presence of that terrible woman. The signora went calmly downstairs, meeting the norie coining up. Leaving her to make the dis- covery that her patient was dead, the lady turned round, ascended to the floor above that which she had just left, and waited. She calculated that when Alfred Miniver had destroyed the tell-tale phial and had had time to consider the matter, he would think it his best plan to shew himself and answer any inquiries that !night Le made. Nor was she wrong in her forecast. She had not waited a quarter of an hour when a door was stealthily

prog, four that afternoon Signora Trebelli was made Mrs. Alfred Miniver ; and the newly-married pair went to the Charing-cross hotel, where they dined. Dinner being over, the bride went to see about the luggage and the tickets, as it was not con- sidered safe for Mr. Miniver to show himself more than was absolutely necessary. A few minutes later Mr. Miniver, clad in long ulster and round felt hat, was hurrying along one of the hotel passages, when he suddenly came fivu3 to face with a man who, like himself, was dressed for the road. "Why, Miniver, is this you, man ? Why are you in such 'a hurry ? And where are you going ? Haven't you heard that your uncle died yesterday ? " To all this Miniver made no reply. He could only stand and gasp out "Jack—Jack Wheeler "That's me. But wlm• s the matier with you ? " "Oh, Jack, I am the most wretched man alive I Sometimes I do think I have lost my wits!" "No great find for anybody that picks 'em up," s•id Mr. Wheeler, with a grin, but Miniver was in no mood either to laugh at or to resent the plewantry. "Come in here and tell me all about it," said Wheeler, opening the door of his room. More for the sake of relieving his over-burdened

opened, and a white face peered out at it. The Signora Trebelli flew along the corridor. He retreated before her, and she followed him into the room. "Are yon mad ?" she said, in a voice that shook with excitement. "I have been waiting here to warn you that if yon go down you will be arrested at once. I must try to smuggle you out of the

nor the ease un )g his O\ _ mind than for any other reason Miniver told his friend all that had happened. "But, mv dear fellow, what nonsense are you talking ? Your uncle died of long-standing heart disease—at least, so the papers raid. They mentioned the name of his doctor, though I forget it. And certainly there has been no inquest, or I must have heard of it. That odious little cousin

- building by-and-bye." "But nobody knows I am here," protested Mr, Miniver. "I arrived by a late train last night, and 1 hare sl,gned no register. I am not known here at all. There is nothing to hinder me from walking auay at any moment." "have you made up your mind, then, whether you will meation the purchase of the poison at the inquest ? No ? Then I should say that if no one know you here you had better not shew yourself till that point has been settled in your own mind. By. the way, what hare you done with the poison

of yours, Morris Miniver, was telling me what a good thing it would be fur him, and wondering what had become of you." '1 here was a long pause. "Wheeler," said Mr. Miniver with solemnity in his manner, "that woman has married me under fals3 pretences." "I'm afraid there's no possible doubt of that," said Mr. Wheeler.

• • . . . . • • • Mr. Miniver joined his bride on the platfbrm few minutes later, and handed her into an empty

phial ? Y.,-M have not teen idiot enough to .throw it out of the window for some clever detective to pink up ?" "No, I 14aven't thrown it out of the window," he said, sullenly. "What have you done with it, then ?" Her eyes ranged through the small apartment in search of a pos-ible hiding-place. "You have dropped it n behind the grate I she exclaimed, suddenly, clasping her hands. A look at Mr. Miniver's f:tee i told her that her guess was a correct one. "Not a had place so long as no one suspects that anything Id hidden in the room," said the lady in slow, ! deliberate t ; "but a very had place if it should be known that you have on upied this room, for !KU can't get it cut accin!" The smile whit which the s:gnorn said this made the young man's blood run cold. She meant hint to understand that he was in her power. And so, . .

cmipartment. He then strolled away in ih-e direction of the bookstall, and presently returning, entered the carriage and threw himself into the clrner furthest from the window. Then, turning half round, he kept his face averted from tha p'atform till the train started. When the carriage glided from under the great g'ass roof, he took a newspaper from his pocket and held it up before him. "Alfred I " said a sort voice near him. He took notice. "Alfred!" (in n louder tone). Silence. "Alfred, do you mean to insult me ?" A low growl that resembled the noise of some half-savage animal was the reply. "If you behave like a brute, you shall be treated like a brute," said the lady, and she with- (Lew to the other end of the carriage. Half-way to Dover her husband pulled his hat over his eyes and went to sleep. At Dover the lady . .

unfortunately, Ile was. The drucgist could prove the purchvie a the poison ; the nurse would swear

.1). - spoke to him sharply. Ire awoke, looked about him, ',lanced at the lady and smiled.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GALLANTRY IN SAVING LIFE.

WARRINGTON.

Tho Mayor and Mayoress of Warrington were among those present at the opening of the Art and Craftsmanship Exhibition at Liverpool on Toes lay.

PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDSR TIM CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN IA ANC AS lllRE.—.ldvt.

Success of a Warrington Student.

Mr. Daniel Ostle, of 19, Walker-street, Warrington, who is a student at the Warrington Technical Institute, has been successful in passing in the first- class the examination held ho the Worshipful Compiny of Carpenters Clerk of Works and Builders' Foreman. Salvation Army. .

An enjoyable -entertainment was given by the juniors and cadets of No. 2 Corps, under the direction of Captain Charles Harper, assisted by Miss C. Hunter, at the Barracks in West-street, on Monday evening. There was a large attendance. Songs, solos, recitations, duets, &e.„ were well rendered, and the flag drill and the dialogue, " Welcome " were loudly applauded.

For Sale, cheap, 21,3 inch GREEN'S PONY L IVN MOWER, good condition. suit cricket club.— GARLAND, 51, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Gaol Treatment Preferred. At the Police Court on Thursday, John Davies. of no settled abode, pleaded guilty to wilfullv breaking two panes of glass at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning, doing damage to the amount of 2s.—John Constable, porter at the Workhouse, said the prisoner asked to see the doctor with regard to one of his eyes. The doctor examined his eye, and was about to anply a dressing when prisoner broke two panes of glass, remarking that he would be treated in gaol.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour. £l4 14s Good second-hand plano.--Woon,London rd.,Stockton Heath. Tunings and repairs.—Advt. Grand Duke in a Motor Smash. A serious motor-car accident occurred on Saturday evening near Shavington, a Cheshire village near Crewe. A large new car belonging to and containing the Grand Duke Michael of Russia :tad his wife, the Countess Torby, was being driven along the Newcastle-road when a child suddenly ran out and attempted to cross in front of the car. To avoid running over the child the chauffeur applied the brakes and turned into the hedge bank, with the result that the car crashed into a tree and was badly smashed. The Grand Duke and the Countess were severely shaken and were afterwards driven home. BABY CARRTAGES of every description.—J. S. GArtLAND,SI to 55,Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds.

The quarterly meeting of members in connection with the Late Spring Rose Lodge No. 328 was bold on Saturday at the house of Bro. ;Rawl Gleave, Barley Mow Hotel. A very creditable report of the past quarter's working was given by the anditors, P.M. W. Taylor and Tiro. G. Ratcliffe. After the Election of Lod!-re and District officers, P.P.C.S. James Parr (supported by P.P.C.S. F. S. Massey, P.M. IT. Flalford, P.M.J. Ford, W.S.W.E. Clegg) presentad P.M. Alfred W. Allen with a framed Emblem of Merit for services rendered to the Lodge. In making the presentation Bro. Parr Ikhly commended Tiro. Allen uron the manner in which he had discharged his duty and he in cer el y hoped that other brethren. would follow his example. Mr. Allen suitably responded. Dr.orsEs, a grand selection from is. BANKs, Outfitter. Horsemarket-st.—Advt. Drunk in His Head or Legs?

At the Warrington Police Court on Triesday,les Tymon, a farm labourer, of High Legh, was 111Nrged with being drunk on the licensed prerniscs of the Roebuck Hotel on Monday night.—lt was stated by ! Detective Woollacott that he met prisoner in Bridge- I street, staggering along the pavement. He lost sight ' of him for a few minutes, and went into the Roebuck Hotel to warn the landlady not to serve him, but on going into ~ne of the rooms he found prisoner there with a pint of beer in front of him. The landlady admitted serving him, and added that prisoner had crily just come in. Plisoner was then taken into rustody.—ln reply to the Chairman, (Dr. Fox), the oflicer stated that prisoner did not create any disturb- ance.—The Chairman: A man may be drunk in his legs but art in his head.—A fine of Ps. was imposed. LAWN TENSES, CROQUET AND GA TIMEX REQIIISTTES.—.T. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. A Rag- Gatherer's Thefts. A rag-gatherer named Sarah Ann Fast, Stoney-yard, Warrington, was charged at. the Borough Court, on Thursday, with stealing a quantity of cow's hair and a bag from the Vernon-street tannery, and also a flour sack, of the value of 2s , from a cart at Bridge Font. Superintendent Monaghan stated that Police- constable Clough was on duty in Hall-street on Wednesday morning when he saw the prisoner carry ing, a bag containing the hair. He questioned her and she said she had found it, but subsequently admitted having taken it from the yard at the Vernon-street tannery. The flour sack was also found in her nossel- sion, and she stated that she had found it at Bridge not, but it transpired that it had.been taken from the cart of Mr. Hallwood.—Prisoner was committed for a month. Still unsurpassed, PREMIER CYCLES at G guineas. —Agent, J. S. G A.P.L AND, 51 to 35, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt. Tram Conductor Helps Police. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Jan Moston, labourer, Crossley-street, and John Mills, ! hawker, Idaydock-street, were charged with haying been drunk and disorderly in Winivick-road, at, 5.25 on Saturday afternoon.and Moston was farther charged with assaulting P.C. Hayes whilst in the execution of his duty. - P.C. Hayes said the two prisoners were very drunk, and making use of bad language. They , refusal to go away and he was obliged to take .them into custody. Moston thereupon said " You are in for I, a warm time of it now." A tram car came up at the ' time, and the driver and conductor came to his assistance. After a great deal of struggling they managed to get them in the car. , When they got to Ithe Central Station, Moston kicked witness on the legs several times.—Thomas Crawford, the car conductor, !corroborated, and said prisoners uced bad language I Whilst they 'sere in the car.—The Chief Constable said that assaults upon the police were on the increase,and he hoped the Bench would look upon them in a serious light.—Moston was fined 20s. and costs or a month, , and Mills ris. and ccsts.—Crawford was thanked by the Chief Constable and the Mayor for the assistance he rendered the police.—Mills was then charged with stealing a barrel of potatoes and cabbages, valued at 129. 6d., the property of James Shamrock. He pleaded guilty, and was sent to gaol for a month with bard labour.

TnIVF.T.T.TNO TRUNKS. DRESS DISKETS, ETC large Felectinn. reasonable prices.—J. S. GAr.TAND, Ironmonger,sl to 55, Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. Band of Hope Union. _ _ .

The quarterly Council meeting of the Warrington Band of hope Union was held in Gregory's Cafd, Buttermarket-street, on Thursday evening, Mrs. James Dodds (president of the Union) presiding. The Assistant Secretary (Mr. H. Woolley) presented a brief report of the work done since the last meeting, including the May Festival which had been a great success, the visit of the delegates of the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union, who had held their Council meeting in Wart ington at which a con- ference and two outdoor meetings were held, and the part taken by the Union in support of the Licensing Bill in Parr Hall in April last. The report also stated tLet the Union were arranging to hold a united meet- ing in Parr Hall on the evening of Temperance Sun- day in November next when it was expected to have the services of one the leading tempetance speakers of thtday. The report showed that the organization was justifying its existence by doing active work amongst the young. A paper was read by Jr J. Jarman on " Band of Hope work." In introducing his paper Mr.Jarman stated that he had been actively engager' in Band of Hope work for many years, and was glad to find the Warrington Band of Hops Union in such a flourishing condition. In the course of his paper he teferred to the Band of Hope like the Sunday school, being part cf the Church work, no Church organiza- tion being complete without its Band of Hope, as the success of the Christian Church depended very large!), upon its care for the rising generation.—A most interesting discussion followed, in which the following tsok part : —Messrs. Dale, Wright, Few, Muir, Whit- field, Wesley, and the President.— A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Jarman for his piper, and to Mrs. Dodds, on the natation of Mr. Clatwotthy, and seconded by Mr. Shaw.— A resolution ras passed supporting the Warrington Citizen's Temperance League in promoting an out-door demonstration in ro-t of the Licensing Bill. •

Personal. Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall were present at the horse show held at the latter end of last week at Richmond Park. Sir Gilbert was one of the judges in the harness classes. Accident in Bridge-street.

A singular acciTient occurred in Brigie-street at eleven o'clock on Saturday morning. Mrs. Banner (wife of Thomas Banner, postman, residing at 72, Longshaw- street) was passing alongside the building now ,in course of erection at the top of the thoroughfare, when a piece of timbor fell from the scaffolding and struck her on the head and knocked her down. She was at once picked up by P.C. Bennett who conveyed her to the Infirmary where she was attended as an in-patient.

Negligent Husband. At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, John Barry, Bakehouse-yard, was locked up at the instance of his wife, Mary Jane Barry, for arrears of mainten- ance due to her amounting to £2 14s. C3.—Defendant admitted the offence.—The Magistrates' Clerk said that on May 15th complainant obtained a separation order and defendant was ordered to pay his wife 10s. a week, and he had not paid anything at all.— Defendant was ordered to pay the money or go to gaol for a month.

CPILLIIL AR SII IRT 3 from N. 6d.-BAs, 0 utfl tter.-Advt Scene in Bridge Street. Annie Winnow, of no settled address, was charged ; at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday with riotous , behaviour in Bridge street at 4.40 on Monday after- noon.—Sergeant Ccoper said prisoner rushed at a ' man and struck him in the face. Ho asked her to go 1 away, but she refused, and used bad language. She 1 was very disorderly, and he had to get the assistance ; of P.O. Millington and lock her up.—Superintendent , Monaghan said that was prisoner's fifth appeardnce. I In September last she was sent to gaol for four . months for an aggravated assault upon an old lady.— I The Bench sent her to gaol for three months with , hard labour.

Assaulted his Mother. At the Borough Police Court, on Tuesday, a youth named John Barker, Sutton-street, was charged with assaulting Emma Barker,his mother,on Afondey.—hf rs. Barker said prisoner attempted to bit his elder brother and when she tried to stop ham, she received a blow on the sti.n. Witness here broke down and had to be assisted out of Conrt.— Prisoner's father said his son was of a very weak intAlect and could not understand anything. He questioned whether he knew what day it was. He had Leen in the Workhouse but had come out again. He seemed to have a dread of it. He ms quite uncontrollable.—The Chairman (Dr. Fox) said prisoner would be sent to the Workhouse for 14 days, and the anthoritic I would deal with him as they thought fit. _ _ _

Robbery at the Town Rail. • A robbery was perpetrated at the Town Hall some time between eight o'clock on Saturday evening and five o'clock on Sunday morning. Mr. Walter Flood, chief inspector of nuisances, left his office at the time named on Saturday evening and locked up as usual. At an early hour on Sunday morning one of his assistants saw that the door was open, but, thinking Mr. Flood was inside, closed it and went away. On Sunday morning, at about ten o'clock, according to custom, Mr. Flood entered the office to open the letters when be found that several of the drawers bad been burst open. He made an exbaastive search and found that a sum of £l5 3s. had been stolen. Strange to say, a sum of money in another drawer was not touched. There had been no breaking of locks, but the door appeared to have been quietly opened by means of a skeleton key.

PUELIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Theft from a Slot Mater. At the Borough Police Court, on Tuesday, before Dr. Fox and other magistrates, James Harris (17), 81, Winwick-road, was charged with stealing from a gas slot metsr, in the dwelling-bouye of his father, 84, Winwick-ioad, betwesn Wednesday, June 10th, and Saturday, June 13th, the sum of Bs. DI, the property of the Gas Company. He pleaded guilty.—Superin- tendent Monaghan said the prisoner and his eldest brother lived at 81, Winwick-road, and carried on the house. A short 'lime ago his father was sent to gaol for six months for neglect of children, and his mother was sent to a home for thrre years. A meter inspector, named George Higham, called at the house, and on examining the meter, found that the front portion had been broken, and tied up with pieces of wire. He examined the register, and found that the sum of Bs. 9d. was missing. The matter was reported to the police, and Detective Metcalfe and P.C. Clough went to the house and saw prisoner,when he denied all knowledge of the offence. Shortly aftsrward. how- ever, in the presence of his elder brother, he admitted it, and said: "1 broke into it on Wednesday morn- ing. I went to Manchester and sprit some of it, and I spent the rest in Warrington." Five years ago, prisoner was birched for stealing, and about twelve months ago, he was fined for gambling.—Prisoner was sentenced to three months' .imprisonment in the second division. TAIT.OR-lIADE CYCLE BREECHES from es. 11c1.— BAYns, Outfitter, Florsemarket-st.—Advt, P.S.A. Meetings. Mr. George Wallington presided at the weekly meeting of the Wycliffe Society, and extended a hearty welcome to the Rev. R. E. Letheren upon his first visit. The rev, gentleman took for his subject " The fine art of living." There were, he said, men who were simply drifters, or " anyhow men," whe greatly lacked the fine art. Then there were " jelly fish men " or men with no backbone, who tried to miss the difficulties of life. These also lacked the fine art of living. Then there were men who lived lives too much alike, who were determined to get on somehow or anyhow. These were also " lackers." The fine art of living was 's worthy conception. It was a cultivation. Just as the architect used his best thoughts, his highest Powers to make a splendid struc- ture, so the fine art of living required the finest and continued thoughts, to build up a manly character, so that life should not be spoiled, but made beautiful. Messrs. W. Beswi,ok and G. Colley also took part in the meeting. Mr. N. Cook sang ," When I survey the wondrous cross" and " Thou rt passing hence." Mr. W. 11. Payton presided at the organ.—There was a suroess- ful meeting of the Warrington Society in the Co-oper- ative Hall, Sankey-street. The meeting was chiefly composed of ladies, and was presided over by Mrs. Moore who commented upon the desirability of taking Christ as their pattern and leader. In all their actions they should try to practice the spirit of endur- ance, and so fulfil the law of Christ. Mrs. L?theren, of the Golborne-street Baptist Church, ''nave the appninted address, her subject being "llabies or Christian growth." She referred to Christians who required some kind of revival at short periods, but a true Christian felt a revival every morning he or she rose from repose. Two solos entitled " Nearer, my God, to Thee" and "San of my Soul" were ably rendered by Miss L. Plinston., Miss M. Plinston was the accompanist. ' Above all Wear BANKS'S HATS and CAPS.—Advt. Boilermakers Dinner.

A most enjoyable and successful dinner and social evening was held on Monday evening by the members of the Warrington branch of Boilermakers and Iron and Steel Shipbuilders Society. This took place at Atkinson's Cafe, Bridge-street, and was to mark the re-opening of the dispensation, which has been under- going several much needed improvements.—After dinner, Bro. T. Elwell was in the chair. The toast of the King and Queen and Royal Family was proposed by Bro. H. Aishen, and responded to by Bro. W. Carrick and the rest of the company, who very loyally and heartily joined in giving this toast musical honours. The second toast " our society proposed by Bro. Hill (district secretary), and suitably responded to by Bro. Higginson (district delegate), was also very heartily accorded. The chairman gave a shor address in which he remarked .on the growth and improvement of this branch of the society. He pointed I out that the branch was now almost entirely composed of intelligent young men, and naturally these ought to bring newer methods, and more enthusiasm, into the working of the branch, which would be all for the good of the society Bro. Higginson (D. Delegate), who had attended for this purpose, by the kind invitation of the branch,then opened the dispensation. remarking upon the pleasure it gave him to do so. He gave an address upon the growth of the society, and the consequent increased financial responsibilities incurred, which was listened to with great interest by all present. The rest of the evening was very pleasantly passed, several songs being rendered in excellent style by Bros. 11. Holt, H. Wadsworth, E. Lambe, A. Creswell and J. Catter with Mr. Pennington presiding at the piano. At the close Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson were warmly compli- mented on the splendid dinner provided and after votes of thanks had been passed to all who had helped to make the evening such a success the party separated after singing Auld Lang Syne," everyone declaring they had thoroughly enjoyed the evening.

MY D:

I hope ysitt have all had a very jolly time during the Whitsuntide holiday. Don't you agree with me that a day or two spent away from Work and lessons is an excellent arrangement? When I went to school I used to be delighted when the half-term holiday came round. I wonder if you get that now in your school life—a day's holiday in the middle of each term. You must remember that Ms many, many years since I went to. school—(you would believe me if once you saw me)—and sometimes the customs of school life alter. Well, my letter is short this week—that bothering printer man is worrying me for it, and won't let me write more now. So, with love, until next week, I UNCLE NED. I

THE RUDE CHILD.

There was once a rude child who would never say please, With arms on the table would sit at her ease, And call out to mother, with words such as

these: "Pass me the butter, give me the cheese." The fairies this, very rude child to tease, Once blew her away in a powerful breeze Over the mountains and over the seas. Then she came to a valley where never a dinner she sees, But down with the ants, the wasps and the bees In the valley she must live till she larns to say please. A. WRIGHT.

I once knew a man who lived in the midst of • a grove full of all kinds of trees. He was an old man, with a grey beard, blue, loving eyes, a gentle voice, and tender, winning ways that made him dear to all around. I say he was dear to all—bird and beast, man and woman, boy and girl—but the birds were his chief friends. When he first went to live among them, they were shy and timid, but they soon found, by the glance of his eye and the tons of his voice, that he liked to have them near, and would not hurt them. So day by day their trust in him grew stronger, until all the birds of the grove knew him, and woke him at dawn with their noisy chatter. Thus the love and trust of birds were a lifelong joy to this old man, and such love and trust no boy or girl can fail to win with the same sweet smile, and gentle voice, and tender, loving care for all created things. ALICE IRONS.

/,'`,;. • : ...:.•::4,'*'::':',.;6.:.1::.....154..',....1_, g 41 -:-• '...'.•l'r; 111-1:3-V-4.'' • • N'`...'''''' ...Anik..- '4iis4i:f•-'itic"' _lg- 0';*•,..,"47,-±s' 411‘ "F 1'....."'-'.'r ''' :',Aii: t-- -- 'l' ' S,‘: • -:- UNCLe --- . -• ' ' 's- . -, ~ 1 '-kkoesi, ,- ' -"••• ''''• •pigig.kk 1-',-,,,,, z.,_,- . pi,ED;.A ',34;.,,,-,, \N,L4,/i • ; ':- •'' -- ~-..t• ' „. -4.„ Ili ~.„--A---...- ~,,,,_. . -A-Pw,-, , tf.• -- A . , vzt .. ,zATt CIIILDREN,

BIRD FRIENDS.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Personal.

' • •

===== 0002601_19080620_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY IT WOULDN'T COOK.

At a gas cookery exhibition an old farmer entered, who,, having listened to the merits of gas cooking stoves, ordered and paid for a cooker, which was duly sent to his home. About two months after the same farmer called on the manager complaining that the gas cooker was a fraud, and that he had tried

- i 1 everything, and nothing would cook n the I "blooming" thing. The manager asked if any- thing were wrong with his gas, to which he re- plied, "Gas. What is gas?" ETHEL OWEN. 1 --1--- I ' .. AN OVERCOME DIFFICULTY.

"Ala, here it is!" said Ella, when her bright blue eyes espied, Upon her right, in Gloucester-street, a building tall end wide. "The top bell I was told to- ring "—and Ella gave a sigh— t, oh, dear me, I am afraid I cannot reach so high!" so it proved. though Ella stood on tiptoe, striving hard To make her fingers meet the knob, they missed . by half a yard. "I cannot do it," then she said, "so I—yes, I must stand And watch till someone tall comes by, and lends a helping hand." .No thought came into Ella's mind of going home to tell , That someone else must fetch the soup—she could not ring the bell. No, she had come for Mrs. Brown, a neighbour, , poor and ill; She found a way to keep her word because she had the will. With patient mind she waited till a lady „lame in sight, ' She then stepped forward eagerly, and asked in tones polite: "Please will, you ring the topmost bell? "—her voice was sweet and clear— The lady smiled, and said at once, "Of course, I. will, my dear l"• The bell was rung, a maid 'appeared, the jug was promptly filled, And Ella safely carried it—yes, not a drop was spilled; then she briskly ran to school With glad- ness in her mind— happy are the boys and girls who prac- tise being kind! girls and boys, true comforters, who never leave undone What they can do to aid and Cheer a sad or suffering one, Who bravely ask, as Ella did, for help in time of need To carry out a kind resolve to do a friendly deed. ; G. HANCOCK.

" But,

Ana

I, And

How

Dear

===== 0002601_19080620_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WOLF AND THE CAT.

One day a wolf ran out of the forest into a not to pay a visit but to save its life, for a pack'of hounds were after it. Seeing a cat on a fence, the wolf said, "Tell me, my friend, who is the kindest man in the village, that I may ask him to hide me from them." "Go quickly, and ask the smith to shelter you," said tha cat, "he is a kind-hearted man." "Quite true; only not long since I ate one of his sheep," "Well, then, you may try the baker." "I fear he is angry with me, too. I stole one of his kids." "Run across the street, then; the shepherd lives there." "The shepherd! I should be afraiat to meet him. Ever since the B:7ring he has sworn to kill me fcr killing a lamb." "Dear me, that is bad; but, perhaps, the butcher will save you." "I think not, for I killed one Of his calves." "Then you have made an enemy of every man in the village," sail the cat. "How can you hope for help line? No, they are not so foolish as to save you to their own hurt. And, after all, you have only yourself to blame. What you have sown, that you must now reap."

NORA. MOORING.

_+__

In an American law court, recently, a wttness said:

"The person I saw at the head pf the stairs was a man with one eye 'named Wilkins." "What was the name of the other eye?" asked the opposing counsel. The witness is said to have been disgusted with the levity of the audience.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
-4-

A clergyman who left a notice in his church to be read by the preacher who filled his pulpit neglected to denote carefully a private post- script, and the congregation were surprised to hear the stranger wind up by saying: "You will please come to dine with me after ser- vice."

In 1/- & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
-+--•

FREDDIE AND THE CHERRIES. Freddie saw some fine ripe cherries Hanging on a tree, And he said, "You pretty cherries, Will you not come down to me?" "Thank you kindly," said a cherry, "We would rather stay up here; If we ventured down this morning, You would eat us up I fear." One, the finest of the cherries, Dangled from a slender twig; "You are beautiful," said Freddie, "Red and ripe, and oh, how big!" "Catch me," said the cherry, " catch me, Little master, if you can"; "I would catch you soon," said Freddie, "If I were a grown-up man." Freddie jumped and tried to reach it, Standing high upon his toes; But the cherry -bobbed about And laughed, and tickled Freddie's nose. "Never mind," said little Freddie, "I shall have them when it's right," But a blackbird whistled boldly, "I shall eat theth all to-night." • Nome LILY MoomiNG. "I WANT TO GROW."

"Mother, I do want to grow,". said little Mary; "I do not like to be so small." One day her mother had been so busy that she did not miss tiny Mary, but when dinner was ready she went to look for her. Where do you think she had gone? Her mother opened the door, and found her little girl standing in the rain. "Come. in, dear," said mother, "you will ;take cold." "Please, don't be cross, mother,"/said Mary; "the rain makes the flowers grow, so 1 thought it would make me grow, too

D. AYRES.

AFTERNOON TEA. TEA. Of all the things that give me joy It is to ask a girl anti boy To come to tea with me. I have a tease pink and pearl; 'Twas mother's when a little girl, And now it's mine, you see. I have a table of my own— A present from my sister Joan— And silver spoons as well; Cook makes the cakes, I make the tea, And pour it out quite cleverly For Cousin Bob and Nell. Nell chats about her school and games; I tell her my new dollies' names, And all about their dress; But Bob sits eating all the while; He clears the plates, then, with a smile, He says, "It's scrumptious, Bess." JESSIE GOI7LI3OTIRNE. A WISE KING.

There once lived a wise king who it was said could answer any questions put to him. People from all parts of the world came to ask his advice if they were in any,trouble or difficulty. One day an old man who had heard reports of his great wisdom came to him and, bowing almost to the ground, said, May it please your majesty to ans(ver me a question?" "Say on, said the king. . _ .

The old man then said: "Can you tell me why,, futving two eyes and two ears I have only one mouth?" "Yes," said the king, "you have two eyes that you may see everything well, and two ears that you may hear everything well, but you have one mouth so that you may not talk too much." Linn RY4N.

IF THERE WERE NO FLOWERS.

I sometimes think what a dreary place,would be this earth of ours If God, when He made the trees and grilse, • had forgotten to make the flowers. How dull the fields and woods would be, bow bare the earth won:d look, . Were there no bluebells within the glade, no primroses by tho brook. 0, shouldn't we miss the lily's breath thld the fragrance of the rose, And the eight of the numberless wasencuns that daily open and close! .But I'm glad to know God didn't forget to give us His gift of flowers, That deck the hedgerow and strew the vales and bloom in the woodland •bowers. SAMUEL HOwEllill.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
_-__

An honest Yorkshireman who had averted a great peril by an act of heroism was much com- plimented for his bravery. One lady said: "I wish I could have seen your feat." _ _ _ .

Whereupon he blushed ana stammered, and finally, pointing to his pedal extremities, said: "Well, there they be, mum."

Fogg: "I heard a pretty compliment for you the other day." Mrs. Passy: "Indeed! May I ask what it was?"

-Fogg: "I heard someone say how pretty you used to be." __

Mrs. Passy : Used to be Do you call that a compliment'? I call it at obituary notice."

mommalli

.;

===== 0002601_19080620_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19080620_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?*, T '

===== 0002601_19080620_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

..

JUNE. 1FR0,31 ARRINGTON

Acton fordge-7 14,7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15. 2 53, a 3 35, 3 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 IS a.m. n Nedeeslays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, 9 51, 11 12, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 4 12, a 3 28,7 2), 8 37, 9 8 p.m. S'ncLy S 13, a.m. 3 35, 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (L and N.-W. falhot-road)-5 33, 7 11, 8 25,9 53,11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 51, 4 42, 6 23, 7 21, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sand Lys 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. Chaster-7 31, 8 17,8 53, 95, 10 23, 11 30 a.m 12 30, 1 43, 20, 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 5 30, 64. 7 57, 8 5, 10 18, 11 13, 11 57, p.m. Sandays -8 42, 10 45, a.m. 145, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 85, 8 23,0 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 1225, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 1033 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m., 6 0 p.m. Dareabury-7 31,9 sa.m. 1230,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, 6 4,35, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.15 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 34, 0 5 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 11, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15,2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30, 10 35, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 033, 843 a.m. 5 10 6 0, 7 57, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlers' I'erry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 80, 10 4 p.m. Bantus 9 5 a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 31, 95,10 23 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 422 4 45, 5 25, 6 4, 7 54,85,10 18,1118 p.m.Sundays, 843 a.m. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30, 7 11, 835, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 53, 5 15, 7 20, 10 33 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. llelsby-7 31, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 20, 319, .4 45, 5 30, 6 0, 6 48,8 5, 10 20 p.m.Sundays 8 44 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam and Cadishead -6 55,7 45, 8 8,9 3,9 8;10 35a.m. 1 33,458,7 10,8 22,9 15,a1150 p.m.Sundays 9 22,10 13, 11 22 a.m. 3 15, 5 0, 7 18, 9 35 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17. 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 4•9, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 920 p.m. Sundays 6 30, 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-144 40, 5 59,7 5.7 51, 8 5, 8 50, 9 20, 9 50, 10 35, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 18, bl 13, 1 50, 2 17. 2 50, 3 25, 3 50, 3 56, 1 5, 410, 1 50, 5 2, 5 50, 6 2,3 50, 7 5, 7 50, 8 0, 8 50, 9 3, 0 45,10 15, 1040, b 1042 bll 15, 11 39, 11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37, 9 0,9.15,9 53. 11 20 a.m. 2 20,2 39, 446. 6 22, 7 10, 8 23,0 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-al 51, 65 25, 7 11,7 27, 812, 9 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 20, 78, 740, 80, 8 25, 10 4, 10 35, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sunde.ys,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 23, 5 19, 60,8 0, 108 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 717, 755, 830, 90, 055, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, 9830, 9 30, 11 10 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 6 30,8 45 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,611 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-WI-2 45' a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b7ll, 85, 823, 816,919, 1040, 10 55 a.m. 1217, 115, 241, 245 3 31, 3 50, 4 26, 515, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 9 40, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 243,456,755 a.m. 5 15, 6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. aMondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 10, 6 55, 7 57, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 055, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 153, 255 3 55, 4 55,4 530 5 55, 655 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 is, 9 55, 810 2, 611 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 22 aan 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 1020, a.m. 1210, 1 15, 2 55, a* 3.5, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,64 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 919, 10 13, 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 17. 12 25 1 15,1 54,2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26,4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 19 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 46, 7 55, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 10 8, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Moirlays only. Paigato-6 55, 7 45, 83, 8 4:), 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1210, 141, 355, 453, 5 3:3, 65, 7 10,8 22, 15 1010, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 50,9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 8 29, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20, 8 0,10 4 pm. Sankey-7 5, 8 5,9 5, 100, 11 10 a.m. 120, bl 0 al 13, 2 21, 32.3,4 10, 5 23, 6 23, 75. 80, 910 blO 5,110 42, 11 39 p.m. Stindays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 7, p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excopted. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8.33, a 9.36, 11.4, a.rn. 1.27, 3.28, 4 10, 50, 146.20, 6 26, 80, 9.10, 10.40, P.m. Sundays, 9.33, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. a Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, 68 30, 9 30 p.m. Sundays 6 30.8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 53, 1055, 11 42 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 54, 350, 442, 5 15, 628, 7 20, 837, 93,10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 3e,6 0,10 8 p.m.

TO WARRINGTON FROII

Acton Bridge-6 41.7 10,8 51,9 40,1057 a m. 12 30, a 3 0,3 55, 4 41, 7 20,3 20,Sundays 7 50 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (4., Sc N.-W.)-7 59, 8 25, 9 55, 10 4:0, 11 10,14 n. 12 45,a1 30, 3 8, 5 5,6 55, 8 30, b 9 10, 9 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 55, 8 50, 10 15, P.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 947, 11 25 a.m. 137, 3 23 5 21, 7 0, 8 17), 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Cbester-2 15, 4 20, 7 20,8 45, 9 42, 10 12, 10 40, 11 43 a.m. 20, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 4 10, 5 20, 5 33, 6 30, 7 25, 8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 4 20,6 40, 7 15 a.m. 8 55, 9 10, 10 0 p.m. Collins Green-6 :30, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 20, 35,4 1, 5 38, G 12, 7 47, 96, 10 43, alO 53 Pda• Sundays SlO a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays only. Varesbury-8 9, 10 19.11 21 a.m.2 49,4 19,6 12,7 10, 840 p.m. Sundays 733 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham 11111- 7 34, 9 32,10 52 a.m.2.22,1 22, 5 45, 42, 822 p.m. Sundays 655 cm. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 845, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 1036, 11 23 a.m. 1238. 1 14. 23, 327, 4 5.4, 543,552 653, 713, 88, 9 10, 034, 10 47, 10 56, al2 0 &M. a Saturdays only. Sundays 3 33, 0 53, 6 57, 103 a.m. 3 45,7 21,10 18 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 51, 942 10 45 Lai. 12 3, al2 57, 2 11. 3 27, 54, 6 2,6 53,9 19 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satuidays only. Frodsha m-7 49, 9 0, 10 1, 11 I, a.m. 2 3,1, 4 9,1 31, d 41,6 47,8 31,p.m. Sundays 7 12, 729 a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golnorna-1 41, 8 26,10 12,a.m. 12 17,2 41,4 31, 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 37, a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 75 p.m. Ifelsby-7 41,8 56,9 57,10 57, a.m. 2 10,2 27,1 4,1 27 5 40, 647, 827,p.m.Sunday 7 3, 7 25 a.m. 7 IS, p.m. irlam and Ca.dishend-6 16, 6 43, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, 9,53, 10 26 a.m. 1 7, 2 15, 4 51, 7 4,8 55, 1120, p.m. zundays 8 30,9 21, 1050, a.m. 1 20,2 22, 655, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55.8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 333, 423, b 539. 67, 619, 740, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays 11xcepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 :33, 7 23 pan. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 15, 6 30. 7 30, 8 5, 8 30, 33, 3 9 12, 9 30, 9 33, 915, 1030, 115, 11 30,11 42, It 45 a.m. 12 31, 1248, 13 130 143 2 30, 235, 2 13, 4 0, 4 30,4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 31, 6 30, 6 35, 730, 8 30, 8 38, 8 40, 939, blO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 43, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 2 30,3 20, 3 55, 4 :30, 6 15,6 30. 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a2 35,5 50, 6 10, 7 0, 8 5, 9 35, 9 5, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 1225,120,245,30, 333. 4 15,4 20, 450,5 10.6 10,7 5, 8 23, 8 30,9 0,1)10 5 10 45, b 1115 p.m. a Mond tys only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 aon.2 10, G 30,7 15,10 45 p m. Lyrum-7 43,8 32,9 lt, 9 51,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al :10 45, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 61, 6 11, 731, 9 45 11 33 p.m. a Saturdnysonly. b Saturdaysexcepted, Banda ys 3 15 a.m. 2 25. 715 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,9 30,a9 0, 4.! 3, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30, 10 35, 11 50 12 30, 12 50, 30, 230,330,345,430, 4 35, 5 30, 6 0. 6 30, 645, 30, 8 30, 8.15, 0 25, 10 20, alo 55, 11 0 p.m. ft Saturdays only Sundayi 8 30, 95, 9 30, 1030 a.m. I 40, 2 0,2 5, 60, 6 35, 8 39, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, -,14. 12 30, bl 5,2 0,2 55,3 44, a 5 0, 5 20,4'. 5, 6 55, 5, 11 9, p.m. Sundays 730. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. 9Saturd tys exempted. b Saturdays only. 131-nure-S 53, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 41, a 3 12,4 8. 4 55, 7_, 33 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 453 p.m., a Mines- t'aYs and Saturdays only. lewton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 12, 9 7, 9 20, 10 13,10 22, 11 8 .ta. 1233, al 5, al 28, 37, 4 7.1 31, 452, 5 33, 5 19, 6 27, 7 41, 85, 931, 103, 10 59. 4411 51 p.m. Sundays 830, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 27, 658, 80, 8 23, 90, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 20, 55, G 18, 75, 96, 10 25, 11 32p.m. Sundays f.l, 11 11 a.m. 23.3, 9 12, 10 1 I p.m. Runcorn-5 53, 8 34, 9 19, 10 26 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 3 7, 4 30, 5 41, 6 30. 3 10,10 20 p.m. , Sankey-7 5,7 50,8 33,9 25, 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. „3,3, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 433, 526, 623, 723, 15 "*Y-:, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 837, JO 12 a.m, 48, 8 51 V•rn. 4Soutb t 7'09 0 10 l'' 10 10 In n- 1202 40 _ por - , , , , 4 10,5 21, 70,8 5, a 9 5, 10 0. Sundays 90, 0, 7 50. a Saturdays only. Thalwall-7 51, 8 36. 9 13,9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 35, 11,- 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 31, 4 22, b 5 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 33,9 49, is' 37 P.m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 2 29, 719 p.m. a atardays only. b Saturdays excepted. s ,rrllllta (Land N.-W.)-a2 33, b 3 12, 6 33,815,9 15, a '4, 10 5, 11 33 a.m. 125, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, :10, 4 51, 5 20, 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 3q p.m. Sundays • • 9, 9 30 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays ptsd b Mondays only.

MMUS

POSTAL AND SAVINGS DANK REGULATIONS.

For further particulars see " Pest Office Guido," at any Post 0 See. POSTAGE STAMPS._ __

- Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny stamps are nn..,m_on sale at eaoh pnst office. Price 2s.

INL AND- COR R ESPOISD ENO E.

The term " Inland Correspondence " means cor- respondence posted within the United ICingdom, inlluding the Isle of Mari and the Channel islands. "Inland Corresponleace " is divided into the following classes : (a) Letters (d) Newspapers (b) postcards (e) Parcels

(c) Halfpenny packets Not only letters, but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trans- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size.

LATTER POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follaws Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... Id. For every additional 2 A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a latter insaffiziently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one foot in depth.

_ POST-MOS. Tho prepaid rate of postage on every post-card is one half-penny, and on every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest p flcial post-card. They may not exceed 51 inches in length by 3i inokes in width, or be less than 31 inches in length by 2 inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and /-inch wide) bearing the address may now be Mixed to the address side of card. If any of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. lIALFP3SIT PACKET POST. The Halfpenny Packet Post cm be used only for packets not exceeding 2oz. in weight. Printed matter, &0., not in the nature of a letter, may be transmitted by this method.

NEWSPAPER PoiT. The prepaid rate of postage on a rogistered news.. paper, including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others is J. Newspapers not registered at the General Pest o:lice aro treated in the pcst like any other printed matter.

PARCEL PoST. The rates of postage on parcels are as follows: For a parcel ... ... not exceeding 1 lb. 0 3 PP exceeding 1 lb. t, 2 lb. 0 4 „ ff • 2 lb. ft 3 lb. 0 5 PI IP 3 lb. f I 5 lb. 0 6 PP ft 5 lb. Pt 7 lb. 0 7 7 lb. „ 8 lb. 0 8 Pt If 8 lb. I, 9 lb. 0 9 PP PP 9 lb. tl 10 lb. 0 10 ft „ 10 lb. PI 11 lb. 011 No parcel may exceed 111 b. in weight. The 81'3 allowed for an inland parcel in:— Greatest length... ... ... ... 3 ft. 6 in. Greatest length and girth combinei 6 ft. 0 in. For example—A parcel measuring 3ft. 6in, in its longest dimensions as much as 2ft. 61n. round its thiekeat part ; a short parcel may be thicker ' • thus, if it measure no more than 3ft, in length, it may measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. -Ths postage on a paroel must be prepaid,. Mark each parcel" Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sander should see that the weight, sire sill postage are in order before leaving. PARCELS (PORMIGN AND COLONIAL). Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similar to the inland regulations, swept that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The castoms charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must be prepaid. BIONEX ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issue a single money order fur more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which they are made payable, unless they are crossed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a Id. can bo contained in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—'Tot exceeding £l, 21. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, 41.; £2O, H. ; RD, ad. •, £4O, 101. By paying an additional 2d. and cost of the telegram of advice, a money crier can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. _ .

MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order i may be issued for places abroad varies n each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ; £2, 6d. • and above that, 31. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A fee of 61. in addition to the ordinary poundage, together with coat of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS.

These are obtainable at any money order elice in the United Kingdom, and possess tho advantage oviir money orders that they can be cashed at any money order aloe. If crossed, they can be pitid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by ad., from ad. to £1 Is. The poundage fees are up to 21. 6d.; Id. up to 155.; 13d. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always till in the name of tho person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is I:limbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should be retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- master-General will entertain no further claim after an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to make up odd sums.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Troit, (tNANn).

The Postmaster-General pOssesses,almost entirely, the privilege of transmitting,collecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the United Kingdom. The charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of ed.,, which covers 12 words, and an additional .I,d. for each extra word. This charge includes delivery within the !Costal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a sub-office then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made from the office door. All charges are, es far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, but sender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be Kelm* Telegrams can be repeated on payment of half the original charge, which extra payment is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or handed to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost of registering an abbrevi- ated address, which must consist of two words, is is.

rELEORAMS (FOREION AND COLONIAL) Must be written on special forms and are accepted in the language of any of the principal European countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE Sevrsos BAN.

These are established at all money order offices. In ordinary cases the normal deposit must not exceed £5O, an I the total amount £209. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children unicr seven years of age cannot he withdrawn until thelchild reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps affixed to a spacial form. Each depositor receives a bank book in which the mount of each deposit should be entered at the time of paying in. If the deposit is el or over, a special acknowledgment is sent from the head London Oleo. Interest is allowed at the rate of 2} per cent. Any amount up to and including Li may be withdrawn 'Without previous notice' on presenting a bank book. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking and adding interest. The withdrawal of money can be expedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of telegrams. P.O. TELEPIIONE ANT) TRUNK LINE CHARGES. _ .

. - The , foes for the use of the Trunk lines are follows:

For 25 miles or under 3d. PP 50 Pt ••• ••• ••• 64. „ 100 f• IP „ every adlitional 40 miles or fraction

'there°,

Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m., six minutes conversation is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced charge is made for three minute calls.

MOTOR CAR AND CITLE RRITILITIONS. Each one must be registerod with the council of a county or county borough, the foe being 21 for a motor car, and 59. for a motor cycle. A registered number is assigned to each, which it is an offence not to keep affixed when driving. , Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other offences. The highest speed at which a car may be driven on the public highways is 20 miles an hour, which is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the Motor Car Act (1903), to drive a car in such a way on a public highway as to be dargerous to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to the presence of the motor car on the road, the driver must supply his name and address, and the owner and number of the car, under heavy penal- ties. The driver must produce his licence at the request of a police constable.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday June 20, 1908. PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

She: "So you have had a great many thril- ling escapes?" He: "Yes; I am still a bachelor."

"Why doesn't Walker stop to speak? I thought he knew you." Barkins : "He used to, but I introduced him to the girl he married. Neither of them recognises me now !" *

Ethel: "How long have the Nevilytiches been in society?" Bob: 'From the way they play golf, I should judge about two days."

Doctor :‘ "Are you troubled with cold feet?" Fair Patient: "Not now. My husband's off on a business trip."

Bacon: " She says she is twenty-eight years old." Egbert : "Well, she looks as if she would say she was about that old." * *

Tom: 'So you've been married a year! Now, say, Gus, honest Injun, does your wife greet you as warmly as she did at first?" Gus: "Warmly? She fires up every time I open my mouth,'

Cook: "What shall we have for supper?'' Boarding-house Keeper: "Not much of any- thing. The boarders won't be in condition to eat to-night. We had bakery mince pies for dinner."

* • Father (threateningly): " I've a great mind to thrash you!" Little Son: " Take a fellow of yer size. Take ma!" Father trembles at the thought, and sits down:

Miss Urban (from the city) : "Oh, there's no doubt that city life broadens a person's mind." Mr. Hayseed (who once spent a week in New York) : " Yes'm, it broadens the mind; but, Jehoshaphat, how it narrers the pocketbook-"

" De man dat nurses unreasonable hopes," said Uncle Eben, "may be foolish, but ain't so foolish as de one dat nurses vain regrets." * * • -

" I see, Katie, that New York is to have one policeman to everyss2l inhabitants," said the lady of the house. Well, ma'am, I've got mine," was Katie's reply.

"I would deem it a great favour if you would give me a little writeup," said the poet to the editor. "Nothing would please me more," re- plied the editor. "When do you contemplate dying?" • «

"It seems," said Citiman, "that Subbubs 'spends most of his time nowadays arranging Cook's excursions." "Nonsense! he's in the in- surance business still." "I know, but it keeps him busy taking new cooks out to, his place to spend a few days." •

'Jinks : "I called at your boarding-house to-day and saw the table nearly set for dinner. and I must say things looked very neat. I never saw a whiter table-cloth in my life.') Binke : "No,. she doesn't make her tea, coffee, or soups strong enough to stain."

Polite Doctor (cautiously) : "Your husband is suffering from overwork, or excessive indul- gence in alcoholic stimulants—it is—ahem—a little difficult to tell which." Anxious Wife: "Oh, it's overwork. Why, he can't even go to the theatre without rushing out half a dozen times to see his business partners."

"I wish," said Mrs. Oldcastle. "that I had Mrs. Waddington's savior-faire." "Yes," re- plied her hostess, carelessly tossing her 6000- dollar dog-collar on the dressing table, "I like it, too. I was looking at some downtown at Sel- lum and Sendum's the other day, but they didn't have any left that was anythini like hers." * *

The man lay prone upon the pavement. Blood trickled from a ragged gash in his throat, and formed in a little pool near his head. There were no marks of violence—nothing to show how the man had come by the accident. For a minute the great detective was baffled. Sud- denly, a strange light shone in his keen gray eyes, while a smile of satisfaction played about his lips. "Have you discovered how the man's throat was cut?" they asked. "Yes. He's wear- ing a collar that's been in the laundry twice." Mrs. Elite (in a five-thousand-dollar-a-year flat): "Oh, it's perfectly terrible the way things have gone to-day. That janitor has been just as contrary and disagreeable as it is possible for a human being to be." Miss Elite: "Did you bow to him deferentially this morning?" "Indeed, I did. • I always do. Did you?" "Yes, ma, I bowed to him most humbly." something is the matter. To-morrow morning try kissing him." * * " You say you wouldn't like to get out?" • exclaimed the prison visitor. "Wiy, I thought you were in for life." "Oh, worse than that, ma'am," replied the convict. " I'm in for a • double life. I've got two wives waiting out- side."

Puffing and blowing, the fat passenger began to climb to the upper berth in the sleeping-car. "Pretty hard work, isn't it?" said the man in the lower berth. "It is," answered the fat pas- senger, "for a man of my weight." "How much do you weigh, may I ask?' "Three hundred and cighty-seven pounds." "Hold on ! Take this one !' exclaimed the other, his hair begin- ning to rise on end. "I'd rather sleep in the upper berth, anyway. The ventilation is better."

News Editor " Here's a cable from Constan- tinople saying the Sultan's principal amuse- ment is scaring his wires into fits." Managing Editor: " Well, head it 'A Harem-Scarem Fel- low,' and run it in the joke column."

Mr. Beacon Streete (Boston) : " I presume, Miss Tremont, you are cognisant of the con- tinuation of the symposiums on the interroga- tory, Is Marriage a Failure?' and I beg the , privilege of testing the question with you." Miss Tremont : " Since the only .way to under- standingly embark in the discumion is by prac- tical experiment, I will relinquish my individual freedom and genealogical cognomen to immolate my identity on the altar of metaphysical investi. cation."

JOSH BILLINGS' PHILOSOPHY. Thare iz no treachery in silence. , I don't beleave in knocking a man down bi inches; if yu hay got enny thing against him, floor him at onst.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

MATCHES ABANDONED.

Owing to the helvy rain all the matches in the district had to be abandoned on Saturday. Na progress was made in the West Lancashire League and the games set down for Saturday will count a point to each club. Amongst other games the following were cancelled : Warrington v. Eerlestown (League). Warrington 2nd v. Earlestown 2nd (League). St. Helens v. St. Helens Recreation (League). St. Helens 2nd v. St.Helens Recreation 2nd (League). Warrington District League. . .

Warriniton Junior Leagiio. Moore and Daresbury v. Sankey Wire Mills. Arley v. Salford Presbyterians. High Legh v. Parr's Bank. Lymm v. Garswood Hall. Lymm 2nd V. Sankey 20d. Llanmist v. Oaghtrington Park. Oaghtrington Park 2al, v. West Didsbury. Monks Hall v. Latchford Sap tats. FRIEgDLY MA.TCEIES.

WARR/NGTON MITSICIPAL OFFICERS GUIii.ID V. BYLINDS' BROS.—Played at Bylaw's' Recreation Ground. This match, which should have been played on Saturday, took place on Monday evening, both sides agreeing to bat one hour each. The scoring was on the low side, the only player to reach double figures being B. F. Cliffe with IL Green bowled exceptionally well for the visitors, taking six wickets for nine runs. Scores : lIVNICTPAL °PRICERS. !MANN BROS. Dr Van Buren b McGowan 0 Jolley b Cliffe hit wkt 1 A. E. Hands o Beardsall Jewkes b Cliffe b McGowan E. F. Cliffs b Williams l7 Beardsall b Green 2 Dr. Hibbert b hayfield... 2 hayfield b Green S. Jordan c Beardsall b Butterworth o Essen- Jowkes .. 6 high b Green It. Price a Jolley b McGowan not out 4 Jewkes H. Essenhigh b Leyffeld 2 Williams b Green 0 B. Green not ont 9 Essenhigh o Bands b W. Rutter b Leyfield 0 Cliffe 0 P. Smith run out J. Lawton b McGowan... 0 Extras

Total ...... 39 Total 26 PENKETII FRIENDS' SMOOT, V. GREAT SANKEY.— Played at Penketh on Monday night. Scores : PENKSTI/ SCROOL. GREAT SANKEY. J. Thoinpson b Pearce... 16 A.Bramhall ollawthorn Mr.W. B. Brown c Pardon b Brown b Bramhall Mr.J. Mandalay bPearce 4 Mandalay 25 E. Halton b Bramhall ... 10 E. Booth c Thompson R. Walla aS; b Bramhall 0 Brown H. 'Benison c Webb b _ F. Davies not ..out

—.---....... - .._ Pearce , 2 J. Pardoe a Thompson A. Turner b Pearce P.,Royle not out J. Thomas b Bramhall L. Halton 0 P. Davies b B. Gregson b Brown Bramhall 0 A. Webb not out 2 0. Hawthorn o Booth b E. Clarke and F. Cooke _ ... . . .

&millsll 'Extras

- Total 4B Total (for 6 wkts) ... 61 WARRINGTON V. BOUGHTON HALL.—Played at War' ington on Thursday. Scores : W.IItRINGTOIsT. BOUGHTON BALL. .1. Callon b Buckley 4B C. H.M. Ebden b Gray 16 W.Richardson b Dugland 15 W. Jones b Gray 3 Rev. H. Gray °Kendrick R. A. Wilson c Duck- b Ebden ll worth b Gray B. Silcock b Buckley ... 18 H Dugland bGray 0 W. IL Podmore c Darby J. Hensball not out b Buckley Creswell o Hack b %V b Silcock ......... ...... 7 Jones 6 W. Best b Gray S.Partridge not out 8 L. Jones a Bainbridge J. W. Bainbridge o Hen- b Silcock shall b W. Jones W. Turbo o Dugland b G. A. Buckley not tl3 W. Jones 3 A. Duckworth b Buckley 0

Gallon b W. Jonas 1 Extras ... 2 Extras

Total (for 8 wkt5)...119 Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. BROUG HTON HALL. 0. M. It. W. 0. M. R. W Buckley l5 10 6 4 Rev.H.Gray... 18 7 39 6 Hack Dugland lO 2 31 0 Silcock Ebden 5 0 12 1 H. Callon 4 1 8 0 W. Jones L. Jones 4 2 6 0 Darby 4 1.1 12 0

===== 0002601_19080620_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE AMATEURS. INDIVIDUAL MERIT COMPETITION.

This was concluded on Monday at the Cemetery Green, Warrington. before a large attendance, and ended in a victory for T. Ellison, a member of the home green. Out of the sixteen left in for the fifth round fourteen were members of the Warrington clubs. There was nothing very surprising about the results in the fifth round, but in the sixth round a grand game was witnessed between Tom Glover and young Cleave, the game eventually en,ling in a win for Glover-21-18. In the semi-finals Ellison and Glover each won their games and met in the final. A keen and exciting game was witnessed, Ellison at length gaining the verdict by two points.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
FIFTH ROUND.

A. Scott, Warrington C. 21 T Harrison, nton C. 9 T. Glover, Leigh nail'y 21 J. Harrison, L. lt 9 A. Roston; W. C. T. Humphrey, W. C. J. Cleave, W. B. H. T. Ellison, W. C 2l G.,8a11, sen., W. C. ... 14 G. Holl.rook, W. C. R. Trigger, W. C.

SIXTH ROUND. Scott Trigger Ellison Clover

SEMI-FINAL ROUND. Ellison Glover

FINAL. Ellison

WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. SECOND ROUND.

MONKS' HALL NO. 1 V. PENKETR TANNERY.—The following match in the second round of the Works Competition was played at the Bowling Gram Inn,Barlk Quay, on Saturday : MONKS' NO.I. PFMC ETIf TANNERY. W. Hatton A. Worrell J. Hill (captain) It. Jefierion l5 F. Swift l2 J. Timmins 11. Webb l2 3. Bowyer J. Heywood J. Rowlands l3 J. Hall R. Dutton 8 J. Atkinson J. Saunders W. Thomason J. Appleton l5 J. Iligham 6

1 Mankind may be divided in 3 klasses and not 151 Majority for Monks Hall, 18 points. 1331 wrong them enny—those who kno little, those I who kno less, and those who kno nothing at all. THE COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP. i Just about az soon az people bekum necessary LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE. ' they hekum tyrants. Immediately after the Individual Merit Competition i I was over the committee mot to select the Lancashire lion% mistake habits for karakter ; men of the most karakter have the fewest habits. team to play Yorkshire on the 27th inst. It is as follows :—J. W. G. Coombs, deputy president ; R. 1 A very interesting kuss iz the man who, while Williamson' Cemetery you are reading your morning paper, insists ton ; T. Glover, , upon repeating to you all the important news i..,ellghllisoi Railway il Warring.way ;t. vice-president ; T Connolly, Urmston Victoria ' • J. C. Howe, Dids- Out ov it. bury ; J. Grundy, Leigh Railway ; S. Sackville, 1 Snobbery is greaHy on the inkrease ; even Swinton Social ; C. W. • Smith, Pendleton little children are being taught the rudiments Belmont ; .1. E. Davenport, Pendleton Belmont ; G. ov it. Bali, jun., Warrington Cemetery; 11. Arnold, jun., Dids- : I hay az menny friends az enny man I kno, bury ; A. Gleave, Warrington Bull's Head ; O. Paxton, and I secured them, and manage to keep them. Chorlton B.G. ; R. George, Swinton Social ; P. hi never asking thorn for ennything. Talbot, Newton ;G. Holbrook, Rylands ;H. Harrison, . Dispatch iz an evidence ov sum branes ; Leigh Railway ; W. Buckley, Irlams-o-th%Height ; J. ' 131 hurry of not enny. `Cormick, Newton ; 'l'. 13. Burgess, Winnington Park; 11. Banks, Lower Broughton, Ltd. ;J. Toothill, Kersal ; ' lam strongly in favour ov "woman's rights," R. IT. Fellowes, Pendleton Belmont ; J. E. Codling, but I honestly beleave she ken git more out of George ; I'. Walton,Urmston Lord Nelson. Reserves : man bi trusting to his gallantry, than she kan A. Scott, Warrington Cemetery ; W. Booth, Whitefleld ; hi trieing to outvote him. J. If. Hubert, Didsbury ; and J. Knowles, Didsbury. I In Bible times, when Balem's ass spoke, it heferee, J. Lawrence, vice-president ; measurer, A. waz a inirakel ; but the daze of mirakels are Goodwin. I over, and the greatest asses we hay in theze . . . ..

times are the gratest talkers. Mrs. Frederic Harrison is evidently not a Suffragist It iz kind ov phunny that, while modesty iz She has written a sixpenny brochure on " The Freedom the gratest evidence ov merit, it seems tew be of Women," which is being published this week by the poorest guarantee of suckeess. Messrs. Watts, in which she presents in forcible Admire beauty, but don't worship it. language the case against giving the vote to wcmen. Cunning men are sure to git kaug ht at last. Even those who are in sympathy with the Suffragists anti when they are ',caught they are like a fox will be glad to bear the other side of the question, particularly when it is stated by one who is moll in a trap, about the sillyest looking fox yu ever known for the great interest she has always taken in see: the advancement of her sex. The same publishers are ku mite az well undertake tow drown a knot. also issuing a pamphlet on "The Religious Education hole bi pouring water into it, az tew outtalk of Children," written by the late Rev. James Cranbrook. 81.1111 wilnni7, I kno We laff at sheep bekauze when one ov them leads the way all the rest follow, however ridi- kilns it may be ; and I suppose sheep laff when they see us doing the very same thing. It will do tew endorse some men, but not their paper ; while there iz others whoze paper iz safer to endc.rse than their karakter. Fortune is no bolyday goddess; she doesn't simper arming arkadian scenes, she dwells in rugged places, and vu kan't wear her favors without winnii.g them.

!co CONNOISSEURS of sk GOOD CIGAR.

Try my noted Le President Imported Cigar, packed in boxes of ICO, 18/- carriage paid. Sample 10 for 2/- poet free. Cannot be equalled at the price. ARTStrit WOODAIIII, 195 High Street, Shoreditch, E., and 63 High Street, Waltbarestow, N.E.

.c_••,,

?,

2

MERRYWEATHER , ON WATER SUPPLY iFc FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to al/ parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. - -

- Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

LE To PRI SIDFNT CIGARS

===== 0002601_19080620_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Ain

BEEF TEAwiregvaeltusele A Breakfast Cup for a id.

RING UP

TELEPHONE No. 355Yc

===== 0002601_19080620_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING PRINTING PRINTING

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

===== 0002601_19080620_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
John Walker & Co.

PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Examiner Office, BEWSEY STREET.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Edo, printed to any size or pattern. on Eue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CABD3 Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style. from modern type, and of the best workmanchlp.

pROGRAMME3 for Entertainmentg, Concerts Stc., In the latest artistic style.'

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing Bookbinding Lithography.

Sl"' RECEIPT, and EUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective,

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, BerTices of 6ong, Festivals, &o.

CATALOGUE3 fur Public ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradussuen.

pRICE: Lisrs Printed on card or paper MUS- tutted, If required.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS "In

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest x)oster in

the district,

60 in. x 40in. in one sheet.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDELES AND CATALOG UES.

CONCERT BILLS AND PRO RAM 11ES, INvorcEs, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS,

PAMPHLETS, TIME POPES, MnL WORK, CATALOGUES,' Cum RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHUTS.

EXECUTED AT EHORT NOTICED.

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS CRICKET ITXTURES.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

Examiner Office,

BEWSEY STREET.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRINGTON

==•

===== 0002601_19080620_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

-- NOTICE TO CORIZESTOADENTS. . Authors of letters intended for publication most in all (uses send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

Walking Day. Sir,—Seeing our worthy Mayor has again issued his order forbidding any tratfic through the various streets the scholars parade, could I kindly appeal to those in authority and the public generally to keep a clear passage wide enough for the large banners to pass through. It is very trying to those in charge to see the crowd line up just to allow two scholars abreast to walk through, when there is sufficient room if they would keep nearer the footpaths. I trust we may have the hearty co-operation of all concerned for the comfort of the little ones who cannot help themselves.—Yours INTERESTED.

The Tariff Reform Llagne and Unemployment. Sir,—l don't intend to waste any more time and space in discussing oils and lamps when there ar3 matters of more importance and more relevant, especially as your correspondent does not pat any name over his oil and lamp shop. To the latter portion of Anti-Protectionist's letter which indicates a strange mixture of sympathy, prejudice and disjointed reasoning I should like, with your permission, to reply very briefly. Can he give us any evidence that Free Trade has prevented children having dirty faces, unkempt hair, ragged clothes and bare feet ? Has he forgotten what the late Prime Minister said about the large amount of poverty which existed, and what Mr. Lloyd- George said at the Colonial Conference, and that neither of them suggested a remedy. Tariff Reform is the most practical and the most honest remedy because it will make more work and provide money for social reforms without robbery and injustice. If we had all the money which foreigners have taken from us in taxes upon our manufactures' it would pro- vide a generous old age pension, but if Anti-Pro- tectionist is not also an irrational sentimentalist he knows that no kind of policy, fiscal or otherwise, will prevent children being neglected. Assuming from his language that he is a Socialist, will ha give me some proof that Socialists attend to their children better than other people? I don't want a reply consisting of a lot of rambling theories, such as Mr. Grayson gave me at Parr Hall. Socialists have been blowing bubbles long enough. Let us have something sensible for a change.—Y ours &c., CHRIMES. G 79, Knutsford-road, Latchford.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. A. E. Beck and the Nen-Trading

Issue.

Sir,—Mr. A. E. Beck's letter in your last issno intro" duces points that were replied to at frequent intervals during the Non-trading agitation. A company cannot trade with a Corporation of which one of its share- holders is a member. The law forbids it, and for excellent reasons. If the trading concern is a limited company, and the Councillor or Alder- man holds the hulk of the shares, the posi- tion is morally the same, though not legally. 'Warrington wisely decided to follow the moral issue. We had tried the line Mr. Back advocates, and found a needless—nay, a wasteful expenditure in bricks and mortar resulted. Members of the Council were floating Limited Companies to trade with the Corpora- tion in all sorts of commodities from whitewash to partridges. The rates were going up wildly and no one could quite explain why. Warrington made up its mind to stop the trading and did so. Mr. Beck now invites it to reverse its decision. His citation of the case of a judge goes against him. In the old days, Warrington Aldermen and Councillors regularly helped to decide their own contracts, and on one famous occasion an interested man opened a number of tenders when 00 otior member of the Council was Trcsent, and then sought to profit by the information obtained, before it became public property. Does Mr. Back include men who act thus in his category of "best men? Let him look nearer home. Since his letter was written a Councillor has been unseated at Tr:install because he was a contractor (as Registrar) with his Corporation to the extent of £2 2s. a year. Apparently if he could take his son into partnership and form a private Limited Company (under the new Company's Act) he could contract to the extent of £20,003 a year, and all would be well. Mr. Beck thinks so. So does Mr. Roberts. 'Warrington is wiser. The "beat men " are better out of temptation. Na man can be buyer and seller at the- same time and do his duty to both sides. Mr. Powell Williams helped to make that clear to Mr. Roberts and to Warrington six years ago, and we don't want to keep learning the same lessons over again. It is too expensive ! Yours &c.,

OLD GUARD.

Warrington, Jane 19th, 1008.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
BRASS BANDS AT NEW BRIGHTON.

Crosfield's Win Third Prize.

The brass band contest annually promoted by the management of New Brighton Tower has invariably attracted widespread attention, and this year's event, held on Saturday, was as popular and as successful as any of its forerunners. Unfortunately, the weather was by no means favourable to a big attendance, but nevertheless, there was a surprisingly numerous assemblage of admirers of the various bands and of music lovers generally. Fifteen bands, representin,a the tiaras counties of Lancashire, Yorkshire, and Cshire, competed. They were as follows :—Rotherham Borough (conductor, Mr. Charles Elsom), Irlam, St. John's (Mr. Chris Smith), Irwell Springs, Black Dyke, Gossage's Soap Works, and Shaw (Mr. William Rimmer), Birkenhead Borough (Mr. J. G. Dobbing), Lindley and Foden's Band (Mr. A. Gray), Grosfield's Soap Works, Goodshaw, Horwich Old, and Pemberton ?Old (Mr. W. Halliwell), Norland (Mr. A. Owen), and Litherland (Mr. George Rogans). The entries originally numbered seventeen, but there were two absentees—Coppull Subscription and Raven- head. Handsome prizes had been offered. The first prize was the Grand Tower 50-Guinea Challenge Cup, in addition to £3O and a silver-mounted baton in case (presented by Hawkes and San, London), and the other prizes were :-2nd, £2O; 3rd, £l5; 4th, .212; 3th, 210 ; 6th, £3; 7th, £5. Crosfleld's Soap Works were the holders of the clap from last year. Mr. Richard Stead (Huddersfield), acted as adjudicator. A selection from Rossial's works constitated the test piece, and was admirably calculated to reveal the capabilities of the performers alike as to technique, tone, and expression. Commencing about two o'clock amid a discamforting downpour of rain, which did not cease until sortie three hours later, but which effectually -failed to damp the enthusiasm of the competitors or their followers, the contest lasted for about six hours, and it was after eight o'clock before the decision of the adjudicator was announced. Mr. Stead was confronted with a difficult task.' The playing genel ally attained an exceedingly high ' level of excellence, and at times it was very difficult to differentiate between the musicianly qualities of the competitors. Two or three bands, however, gave evidence of surpassing skill. The performance of Irwell Stings, under Mr. Riraraer's able conductorship, evoked the lion's share of the applause. It was an interpretation marked by splendi d and well-balanced tone, fine execution, and intelligent expression. The playing of the trombones, more especially in the con- cluding passages, was notably pleasing. Crosfleld's and Black Dyke also came in for spacial notice, although the majority of people were in thorough accord with the decision of the adjudicator in awarding first prize to Irwell Springs. The order of successes is as follows :-1, Irwell Springs ; 2, Black Dyke ; 3, Crosoeld's Soapworka ; 4, Shaw ; 5, Lindley ; 6, Goodshaw ; 7, Notland.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A RIVER SENSATION. -- Huge Seal Caught at Paddington Lock.

Following the appearance of a porpoise in the Mersey at Warrington on Tuesday, more excitement was created by the capAtre of a grey seal at Paddington Lock, better known as Ihbby's Lock, near Warrington, on Thursday morning. It is a 'remarkably fine specimen, being 8 feet long and 5 - feet round the chest, and weighing about 13owt. How the seal got into such uncongenial surroundings can only be conjectured. It is assumed,however, that it came up the river on a high tide and was carried over Latchford Weir. It unsuspectingly entered the lock where its presence was soon detected. The lock gate was promptly closed,and tho seal found itself in a trap. A gun shot soon put an end to its life, and it took the combined efforts of several men to haul the seal to the bank. rhe presence of such a splendid specimen i in the river is the more extraordinary when it is remembered that the gray seal is seldom seen at all GO these sandy coasts. It generally makes its home on the rocky coasts of tho West of Scotland and similar places. The capture was soon noised abroad and large .numbers of people visited the lock where the seal was placed on view at a small charge. We are glad to hear that the Museum Committee has now secured this interesting specimen and that it is to be mounted and will shortly find a place in the Warring- ton Museum.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
_

`t-

-,.-,,,:.:,.,,-,!,.......T:.:::,„..!-47i.7.5..,..,,,,,,:-......:..,!

===== 0002601_19080620_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES UNIONISTS AND THE LABOUR PARTY.

THE PROPOSED WORKING ALLIANCE. -- 1 Messrs Vivian and Maddison Stand Oat.

VIGOROU3 MANIFESTO.

Mr. Henry Vivian, M.P., and Mr. F. Maddison, M.P., itave addressed the following letter to Mr. Charles Fonwick, M.P. Secretary of the Trades Union group in the House of COMIIIOII9. House of Commons, June 18, 1903. Dear Fenwick,—The announcement& in the Press yesterday, confirming the vote of the Trades Union group on the question of a working alliance with the Labour and Socialist party in the house, seems to make it desirable that we should explain why we cannot accept the decision arrived at. The first of the two resolutions passed, which pro- vides for joint meetings in the House from tune to time to discuss matters primarily affecting the wage- earners of the country, we heartily endorse. It is the second resolution we find it impossible to accept. This reads as follows :—" That the Labour party and the Trades Union group agree that their members shall in no way oppose either members of the Labour Party or Trades Union group or candidates endorsed by, the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Con- gress and by the executive of the Trades Union party." It will be seen that under this agreement existing mem- bers of the Trades Union group purchase their freedom from attack in their own constituency by the Labour and Socialist parties by agreeing never to oppose not only existing members of the Labour and Socialist parties, but also all candidates which the evecutive cares to- endorse in the future. Much as we dislike the Trades Union graup restricting its freedom, we were willing, as you know, for the sake of haru,ony, to favourbly consider restrictive proposals which were equitable and mutual, and when the question was first before us the Trades Union group unanimously endorsed our claim that the group should have some scope to increase its strength in the house by endors- ing candidates who should be as free from attack as existing members. The effect of the agreement, however, is practically to close the door to men coming into the house who desire to join the Trades Unions group, but it is kept wide open to any person, trade unionist or not, or to employers if they happen to be Socialists, if endorsed as provided in the resolution. Such a situation emphasises the evil of trades unions being allied to the Socialist party organisation. This agreement means thet we should be prevented from defending the best friend of labour on the Liberal side, even if he were a workman, when attacked in an election by a middle-class Socialist endorsed by the executive of the Labour and Socialist party. We are not equal to such a surrender of political liberty and the abandonment in so flagrant a way of common-sense in politics. The arrangement we are asked to submit to is an intolerable one, and the main argument used to justify it—that by it we should purchase safety from attack on ourselves—amounts almost to an insult. We value the honour of a seat in the House of Com- mons highly, but there are things we cannot barter away even to secure that. Further, we venture to point out that most of the members of the trades Union group were returned by Liberal votes, many of them run by Liberal associations. By what right then do these members eater into a compact which not only facilitates the increase of members in the House who denounce Liberalism when- ever they have an opportunity, and also provides for the ultimate extension of working-class representation of Liberalism? We remain convinced of the advan- tages of trade unionism, and are ready at all times to co-operate in advancing its highest interests, and this we believe we are now doing by entering our protest against an agreement which curtails our freedom of political action.—Yours faithfully, lIENRY Vivta A.ND F. 11ADDISON.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUTHFUL GAMBLERS.

" A Terrible State of Things."

Numerous cases of gambling were dealt with by the magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Monday. Four boys named James Slater, Chorley-street ; Thomas Toughey, Foundry-street ; Samuel Dickenson, Foundry- street; and James Dickenson, Chapel-court, John-street, were summoned for gaming with cards in Bewsey- street on June Bth. All pleaded guilty. Detective 'Metcalfe said defendants were playing at a game called " banker " on a footpath in Bewsey- street. They were constantly playing there. Slater and Toughey, who had been fined previously for a similar offence, were each find 10s., and the two Dickensons were fined 2s. GI each. Toughey, the two Dickensons, and Edward Jones, Back Dallant-lane, and John Cooper, Greenall-street, were then summoned for gaming with coins, in Qaeen- street, at 11.30 p.m. on Tuesday, June 9th. P.C. Hughes said that at 11.30 on the night of Tuesdaa, June 9th, he saw all the defendants sitting near the Fire Engine Station, playing cards for money. Ile had cautioned them three-quarters of an hour previously. The Chief Constable said it was evident that the parents did not exercise proper control over the boys, by allowing them to be out so late at night. He wished to draw the attention of the Bench to the fact that the offence was committed at 11.30 p.m. The parents of the defendants should be called upon to answer for the conduct of their children. Several of the mothers who were in court were asked to step forward, and they did se, but the excuses they made for not looking after their children were very weak. The Chief Constable said that one of the boys was in a good situation and was doing very well, and it was surprising to find him in such a position that morning. The Mayor said the Bench were quite puzzled what to do in this case. A terrible state of things appeared to exist in Warrington with regard to gambling among boys, and the public of Warrington should be extremely Igrateful to the police for bringing these offenders before the magistrates. The Bench had quite made up their minds to stop this gambling, but it appeared that when r they had got rid of the old gamblers the young ones ' rose up and took their places. A sad feature of the case was that the offence was committed so late at night. He did not know what control the parents had over their children, bat they must surely be aware that they must be itt mischief at such a late hour of the evening. Tougheyand the tvo Dickenson were fined 2s. Gd, each, and Jones and Cooper Is. each. Four boys named Philip Newton, Norman-street ; George Rothman, Norman-street; and James Turner, Turner-street, pleaded guilty to gaming with cards at the rear of Vere-street, on June Bth, and they were each fined 2s. 61. Detective Metcalfe proved the case, and said defend- ants were playing at a game called " banker." Six men named William Hampson, Plumpton-street ; Henry Welsby, Evelyn-street ; Walter Appleton, Plimpton-street; Joseph Darby, Plumpto 7 street ; William Moores, Bostock-street ; and William Jackscn, Hesketh-street, were summoned for gaming with coins at the rear of Plumpton-street, on Sunday, June 7th. All pleaded guilty, with the exception of Appleton, who said he was there, but was not playing. P.C. Clough said he was on duty in company with P.C. Craig, when they saw all the defendants gambling for about half-an-hour. Welsby and Darby were toss- ing coins, and the remainder were betting on them. The language they used was disgraceful. One of the defendants asked Clough how he could " see through a house." P.C. Clough : That is m 7 buelness. I was bidieg and cquld see all that took place. P.C. Craig corroborated. Appleton said he was not playing at all. The MaYea, addressing the defendants, said they ought all to feel ashamed of themselves. Moreover, the offences were committed on a Sunday, and the gambling brought together a crowd of from 50 to 100 people, including boys from 13 to 10 yeers of age, who watched the play. The defendants would be given one more chance. They had only just escaped by two votes of the magistrates a severe punishment, but they might depend upon it that if they were brought up again they would be very heavily fined. They yvotad have to pay les. and costs each.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
"SCOTLAND'S DAY"

AT THE SCOTTISH NATIONAL EXHIBITION. Scotland's Day will be celebrated in thoroughly , national manner within the grounds of the Scottish National Exhibition on the 2lth June. The event occurs under the auspices of the Scottish Committee of which Lord Cassillis is Convener. A specially Scottish programme boa been arranged, and it is expected that the day will be made memorable by the gathering of Scotsmen from all over the world. The occasion is to be particularly distinguished by a gathering of Clansmen and it is estimated that some 200 pipers will be present to take part. There will be a Pipe Band contest end a competition in Highland dancing which should prove highly picturesque. An additional source of attraction is the re-appearance of historic groups from Scotland's splendid National Pageant of 13th June. Another noteworthy feature will be the cycle parade, the riders in which will be attired to represent the characters in the novels of Sir Walter Scott. The day will appropriately end with a Scots National concert at which Lowland and Gaelic songs and music will be rendered. Nothing will be wanting to make the event a national success.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 20, 1908.

LOCAL WEDDINGS,

Nalson-Greenhalgh. The marriage was solemnized at the United Methodist Chard], Castlemere, Rochdale, of Mr. Joseph Standring Nelson, youngest son of Mr. Robert Nelson, wholesale confectioner.. of Sankey-street, Warrington, and Miss Bertha H. Clreenhalg.h, only daughter of Mr. Greenhalgh, cloth merchant, of Oldham-road, Rochdale. The service was conducted by the Rev. William Reifern, the parties having been for some years closely connected with the church and school. The newly-married couple, who are respected by a largo circle of friends, are spending their honey- moon at Llandudno. Many valuable wedding presents have been received. Kipps—Booth. There was a pretty wedding at Wycliffe Congrega- tional Church on Thursday when Mr. William Thomas Kipps, son of Mr. and Mrs. Kipps, of Colwyn Bay, late of Higher Walton, was married to Miss Florence Booth, daughter of the late Mr. Thomas and Mrs. Booth, of Buttermarket-street. Considerable interest was taken in the ceremony, the bride and bridegroom being well-known and esteemed in the district, and a large congregation assembled. The Rev. John Yonge officiated. The bride,who was given way by her brother, Mr. A. Booth, was charmingly attired in white silk muslin trimmed with glace silk and chiffon, with hat of tuscart straw trimmed with chiffon.Sbe carried a lovely bouquet of lilies and roses and her ornament was a pearl brooch presented by the bridegroom. She was attended by four bridesmaids—Miss - Hancock (cousin of the bride), Miss Kipps (sister of the bridegroom), Miss Dorothy Brown (niece of the bride), and Miss Mair Williams (niece of the bridegroom). They wore pretty dresses of blue silk eolienne trimmed with silk and net, and their bouquets were composed of pink carnations. Their ornaments we: e pearl and diamond brooch, the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. Walter Booth (brother of the bride) discharged the duties of best man. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac.,. presided at the organ and played choice selections including Mendelssohn's "Wedding March." After the ceremony a reception was held at the house of the bride's brother, Mr. Arthur Booth, Stafford-road. Later the happy couple left for South Wales, where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was a saxe blue costume, with hat to match. The following is a list of the presents : Bridegroom to bride, pearl brooch Bride to bridegroom field glasses Mother of bride, mahogany sideboard, dining table and household linen Father and mother of bridegroom, brass curb and rug, and silver Captain Crosfield, thermos flask Mr. and Mrs. Rogers, Stockport, cheque Mr. C. Haslam, silver candlesticks Mr. and Mrs. A. Booth, carvers Herbert and Harold Booth, cut glass vinegar bottle Mr. and Mrs. Longshaw, oak coal box and wicker chair Master Cyril Longshaw, ornaments Mr. and Mrs. Percy Booth, eiderdown Mr., Mrs. and Miss Dorothy Brown (Leeds), fish knives and forks Mn. Hancock (Altrincham), cheque Miss Hancock, silver afternoon tea tray Miss Kipps (Colwyn Boy), Axminster square Mr. R. E. Kipps (Colwyn Bay), silver rose bowl Mr. Walter Booth (Leeds), silver tea pot Mrs. and Miss Nicholas, silver serviette rings Mrs. Chester, beaten copper coal vase Miss Chester and Mrs. Healey, silver fern pat Mr. and Mrs. Hanlon; Royal Worcester ornaments Mr. and Mrs. F. Halton, silver sugar and cream Mr. and Mrs. Winstanley, ornaments and chair back Misses Brown, cushion Mr. and Mrs. Shaw, Chippendale chair Mr. R. Percy Henrique, silver-mounted jam jar Miss Mc Denali, d'oyleys Mrs. John Crosfteld (Colwyn Bay), silver bread board and knife Miss Crosfield (Colwyn Bay), ornamental book rack Mr. Smith (Colwyn Bay), sugar and cream Miss Smith (Colwyn Bay), tray cloth Mr. and Mrs. T. Cooper, cruet Mr. Battersby, Royal Doulten bowl Miss Brayshaw, cushion Miss Bayley and Mr. Langley, brass fire screen Mrs. Bayley and Mrs. Lingard, framed engraving Miss Rogers (Carnarvon), silver mu:linear Mr. and Mrs. Hughes (Stockport), fruit dish Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell, silver mounted ornaments Mr. and Mrs. Ramsey (Manchester), eiderdown Mr. and Mrs.R.Williams (Stockportbsilver tea spoons Mr. J. T. Sampson, salad bowl and servers Mrs. Atkinson, tablecloth Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Williams (Stockport), brass fire screen Miss Alice Bayley, nightdress case Miss E. M. Robinson, Irish crochet towel sham Miss Pemberton (Southport), afternoon tea cloth Mr. and Mrs. George Podmore, pair water colours Rev. and Mrs. J. Yonge, Whittier's Poems Directors, managers and office staff of Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons, Limited, mahogany secretaire and book ease

===== 0002601_19080620_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. "The Second Mrs Tariqueray."

The management of this theatre are to be congratu- lated upon providing their patrons with such a high class attraction as Mr. Leonard Pagdon's production of A. W. Pinero's great play " The Second Mrs. i Tanqueray." Although June s not an ideal month for theatre-going, there have been good attendances this week and appreciation of the treat afforded has been most marked. It is but a short time since War- rington playgoers had the opportunity of enjoying another of Mr. Pinero's plays "His House in Order ' 11 which told of the trials of a second wife. In " The Second Mrs. Tanqueray " the author works upon a somewhat similar theme but in an altogether different way, and there is a more sombre note running through the 'play. Mr. Pinero does not even make a concession to the popular desire for a happy ending and the story culminates in tragedy. The plot is so ingeniously woven as to compel one's close attention and the delightful humorous touches are a welcome feature. Such a play indifferently performed would be a dismal failure, but Mr. Leonard Pagden and his company rise to the high demands which it makes and their production is thoroughly adequate and worthy of the highest praise. Mr. Pagden is an admirable Aubrey Tanqueray. There is nothing forced or unnatural about his acting, but not a single point is lost on the audience. He is calm and per- suasive through a long series of trying circumstances but in the last act he gives vent to a fine burst of passion when he curses the man who has blighted his happiness. Miss Lucy Wilson achieves a brilliant success as Paula, fully realizing the varying moods of this complex character At one time she amuses by her studied air of non- chalance and unconcern; then she suddenly flies into a tantrum; and a few minutes later she is making a pathetic appeal for forbearance. The frigid reception which she accords to Lady Cortelyon is quite the most laughable thing in the play. Miss Wilson is a true artiste, and it is no exaggeration to describe her portrayal of Paula as ideal. Mr. J. Edward Pearce makes the most of the part of Cayley Drumunle, the faithful friend whose efforts to restore happiness in the Tanqueray household are attended with such disastrous consequences. He is always genial and imperturbable, yet full of sincerity, and Mr. Pearce's version is wholly acceptable. Miss L-rna Lawrence , is well placed as Ellean, her acting being marked by becoming simplicity and charm. Miss Gladys Bartle- Frere is distinctly successful as Mrs. Cortelyon. Mr. Ernest A. Douglas as Gordon Payne, M.D., and Mr. Montagu Maxey as Frank Misquith, K.C., M.P., take their parts as to the manner born, and Mr. Guy Fletcher does justice to the We of Captain Hugh Ardale. Mr. Jas. Hussey and Miss Muriel Alston as , Sir George and Lady Orreyed are responsible for , considerable amusement.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Another attractive engagement is announced for next week when Mr. Ryder Boys' Company will , appear nightly (Friday excepted) in the brilliantly successful costume comedy "Sophia," adapted from Fieldings' " Tom Jones." The play will be produced under the sole direction of Mr. Ryder Boys, and he and his company possess a great reputation which should be sufficient to attract largo audiences. Mr. Ryder Boys will take the part of Squire Western, and the company will include Mr. William Calvert, Mr. Henry Worrall, Mr. George H. Pye, Miss Gladys Morris, Miss Ethel Norburv, and Miss Elsie Vron. MR. FRED J. REEE'S BENEFIT. On Friday evening, next a complimentary benefit will be given to Mr. Fred J. Reece, the popular and courteous acting manager, who has been associated with the theatre for twelve years and has completed three years' service as acting manager. A special programme has been arranged for the occasion and a brilliant array of talent will appear. Mr. Ryder Boys and his company will present a one act play and .kir. Ryder Boys will recite. The entertainment will be as bright and varied as possible, and there will not be a dull moment from beginning to end. Many artistes from leading music halls will appear and local talent will also be well represented. For full particulars see bills. We hope the theatre-going public of Warr, iim• ton will not miss this great treat and that Reece will receive the " bumper" benefit which he ertaiuly deserves.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.-...

===== 0002601_19080620_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
IRON TRADE COMBINE.

COMPANIES WHICH HAVE JOINED

THE RING.

Local Firm Holds Aloof.

The project for an iron and steel combine appears to be making rapid progress. Some of the leading structural steel and iron engineers in England and Scotland have formed an association of "makers of bridge and nonstructural iron and steel work," designated briefly the B. and C.I.A. To this body the following, amongst other firms, have intimated their adhesion : Messrs. Braithwaite and Kent, West Bromwich. Brandon Bridge Co., Ltd., Motherwell. John Butler and Co., Ltd., Leeds. Cleveland Bridge and Engineering Co., Darlington. Dorman, Long and Co., Middlesborough. P. and M. Maclellan, Ltd., Glasgow. A. and I. Main, Ltd., Glasgow. Somsrvail and Co., Ltd., Glasgow. Toe-side Bridge and Engineering Works, Ltd. Joseph Westwood and Co., Ltd., London. The Widnes Foundry Co., Ltd. Head, Wrightson, and Co., Ltd., Stockton-on-Tees. E. C. and I. Keay, Darlston. T. Horsehay and Co.. Ltd., London. This stage attained, it is proposed that a working agreement between the B. and C.I.A. and the North- East Coast Steelmakera' Association,the Midlands Steel Anglemakers' Association, the Scotch Steelmakers' Association, and the Associated Joist Makers of England and Scotland would be of advantage to all concerned.

As a. basis of agreement it was laid down that to reach success preferential treatment as regards prices and conditions should be extended to the members of the B. and C.I.A. against outstanclers. In return the latter are to place all their contracts for material with those producers who are members of the steel associations which have been named. It is authoritatively stated the committees of the different associations have considered the proposal, and I regarded it with approval, and it is now to be pushed forward vigorously, rho first step intended being to call meetings of those interested in different convenient districts and secure their support. ' The promoters recognise that the project is not free from difficulties, several large houses holding aloof— including Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Limited, who are among the largest firms in the country—but hope is cherished that all obstacles will be removed. Shipbuilding and rail-making are at present outside the scheme, but the former will probably also be incorporated.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON IRON FIRM AND LANCASHIRE COLLIERIES

Following the rumours of big trade amalgamations in all branches there has been published a statement respecting Lancashire collieries and ironworks, which, however, is rather belated. A correspondent of the "Yorkshire Post" states that the whole of the extensive collieries belonging to Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Ltd., the Moss Hall Coal Company, Ltd., and Messrs. W. and J. Turner at Abram, Bickershaw, and Platt Zridge, 4ear Wigan, have now been amalgamated, under the title of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, (Ltd.) The capital of Pearson and Knowles is approaching a million. The statement is fairly accurate, but not altogether so, as there has been no amalgamation under one name.

What has happened—and it li'appened about a year ago —is that the directors and others interested in the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Warring- ton, have bought up the shares of the other companies, which continue to be worked and run as separate con- cerns as heretofore. This fact has been mentioned in the reports presented to the annual meetings of the shareholders. The same company have acquired the shares in the great wire-drawing firm of Itylands Bros.' NVarrington, and stress is laid upon the advantage that all the com- panies derive through being customers to one another. Pearson and Knowles have no debentures, and it will be in accord with the known policy of the directors if the Moss Hall debentures are paid off.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME,

A visit to this popular place of amusement this week is well repaid, the programme being full of novelty, mirth and melody. Leslie Bros., eccentric musical comedians, present their original act " Music Mad " which is one of the most laughable things imaginable. The make-up of one of the brotheis is sufficiently grotesque to create merriment whenever he appears on the stage, and he has some curious methods of hrindling the various musical instruments. Of course, both of the performers are skilled instru- mentalists, and their selections are highly pleasing and call forth enthusiastic applause. The greatest novelty of the evening is the wonderful quick change act of Chanti, described as the modern Proteus, whose representations of various nationalities are remark- ably clever. Not only does he assutne a different costume for each one, but all his portrayals have appropriate scenic settings which are also changed in a twinkling. We are carried in imagination to the sunny climes of Spain and Italy, and a moment dater we are transported to the Highlands, and Chanti has become a Highlander in the traditional dress and marches on the stage playing the bagpipes. Next he appears as a Russian and indulges in a weird dance, and before the applause which greets this effort has died away ho stands before you as an English gentleman in frock cat and silk hat. Zeta Grey and Company given capital musical comedy act " Tho Lancashire Lass" in which amusing compli- cationsl arise. The leading lady speaks in the broadest Lancashira but sings with great taste and refinement, the audience being delighted. Charles Resti is an expert conjurer, and bewilders the onlookers by producing coins from nowhere and doing all manner of amazing things with packs of cards. Ruhart adds to the gaiety of the evening by his novelty burlesque on vaudeville which is cle'ver and entertaining. Kitty Clinton, a dainty and versatile comedienne and dancer, scores a great success with her songs, "I-have you got anothe girl like Mary? " and " I must ask my. mother first„ given with acceptable vivacity. Tennis and Latme contribute a pretty vocal scene "Chapters from Life? Raymond's Bio-Tableaux is as usual, up to.date and interesting. We are infornwl that Mr. Macnaghten, wishing to b 3 up-to-date, has had the theatre fitted with a vacuum cleaning apparatus, in order ta keep the carpets and eats in a clean and sanitary condition. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMA& -

Mother excellent programme is announced for next week. The bill is healed by the Sutcliffe Troupe, novelty acrobats, pipers and dancers, wh3 appear in a very interesting turn. A. great attraction will be ' Sahib Gustave Fasola, the uncanny Indian Fakir aad ' Eastern wonder worker, who will present a series of bewildering mysteries and introduce ten of the big g st illusions in the world. The other artistes will be Cissie Lupin°, speciality and character dancer ; The Lovelaces, American song illustrators •, Bros. Brad- shaw, acrobatic eccentrics •, Irene and Morten, as "The Hobo" and "The Maid," in comedy interlude; Bartholomew Girls, smatt boy.and dainty girl ; Mark Heaton, the mirthful one.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
NON-TRADING IN THE POTTERIES. Tunstall Councillor Disqualified.

- A decision given by the Potteries Stipendiary Magistrate at Tunstall on Thursday disqualified a registrar of births and deaths from acting as a coun- oilier. The decision is one of considerable importance, affecting, it is said, 130 registrars in different parts of the country. Mr. Edward John Oliver, registrar of births and deaths for Tupstall, a member of the Tunstall Council and a supporter of the Potteries federation scheme, was summoned by Mr. George Baker, also a Tunstall councillor, and an opponent of i federation, under the Local Government Act of 1814 for unlawfully acting as a member of tho Council when I disqualified by being concerned in a contract for supply. 'jug the returns of deaths. It appeared from the evidence that the Local Govern meat Board had asked medical officers to distinguish between the deaths of legitimate and illegitimate chil- dren under one sear of age. The medical officer had no means of getting such information except by obtaining the returns from the registrar, The Council therefore made a payment to the defendant of two guineas for these particular returns for the last completed year, and the returns were still being made. The defence was that Mr. Oliver's election did not take place till April 6, and that the contract for these particular returns expired on the last day of March, and no returns of illegitimate births had been sent in since. The Stipendiary Magistrate found that when the defendant was nominated for the Council he was engar,ed in a contract with it. The nomination was therefore bad, and the defendant was not qualified to act on the Council. He fined the defendant a shilling and costs. The finding renders the seat vacant.

ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC repairs broken down systems, clears and strengthens the brain and bracei up the nerves. Is. per bottle. Also in tablet form Is. per bottle from H. M.IASIITON, 63, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AN3 ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

With such wretched weather conditions, cricket was an impossibility on Saturday and all the matches in this district were abindoned. On Thursday Warrington were entertained at Boughton Hall and the gsme resulted in a draw. Warrington amassed a total of 119 and to this Boughton had replied with 93 for eight wickets when close of play arrived. On the Warrington side the top scorer was J. Callon who gave a tine display for his 48. B. Si!cock knocked up 18, NV. Richardson 15, and the Rev. H. Gray It. For the visitors J. Henshall was the most successful batsmsn, being responsible for 39 not out. The Rev. H. Gray was in goad form with the ball taking 6 wickets for 39 rims. B. Silcock captured 2 for 29.

Warrington Municipal Officers' Guild met Rylands Bros. on Monday evening and won by 13 rims. The scoring was on the low side, E. F. Cliffe (17) being the only player to reach double figures. Green bowled splendidly for the Municipal °dicers, capturing six wickets for nine runs.

Penketh School suffered a reverse at the hands of Great Sankey, who got them all out for 43 and then piled on 61 for the loss of only six wickets. The highest scorer was A. Pearce who ran up 25 for Great Sankey. A. Bramall made 21. For Penketh School J. Thompson headed the scores with 16.

Bowling. Warrington bowlers will rejoice in the victory of one of their number, T. Ellison, of the Cemetery Hotel Club, in the individual merit competition of the Lanca- shire and Cheshire Association which canes to a close on the Cemetery Hotel Green on Monday. The event was one of the most interesting which has ever been decided in Warrington and there were fully 400 specta- tors. As fourteen of the sixteen players left in the closing stages were Warrington men, there were strong hopes that the championship would come here, and Ellison' sncoess proved immensely popular. He had for many years been a clever exponent of the game and is one of the Cemetery Hotel Club's most useful and honoured members.

Mr. J. W. G. Coombs, the deputy president of the Association, in a neat speech, declared the competition open. The spectators in place stood three arid four deep, and the reception accorded to Mr. Coombs was a fitting reward for the services he has rendered through- out the competition. One e moot bat speak in the highest praise of the good work done by Mr. C. Smith, the popular hon. secretary of the association. Both these officials have been well backed up by the Warring- ton section. In the closing stages of the competition there were games worth going a long journey to see. Seldom, indeed, have so many strenuous battles been fought at a gathering of Lancashire and Cheshire bowlers.

In the fifth raund A. Scott disposed of T. Harrison by 12 points and T. Glover secured a like rpajority at the expense of J. Harrison. The tie between T. Humphrey and J. Gleave, both of the Warrington Cemetery, pro- vided a lengthy battle, Humphrey running out winner by two. The defeat of George Ball, jun., by his clab- mate, A. Rostern, was one of the surprises of this round. Rostern displayed capital judgment, and won by five. Young J. Gleave had shown such smart form in his previous rounds that he was fancied to go close for honours, and against T. Hackett, he gained the substanti 11 margin of eight. The tie between the veteran George Ball and T. Ellison was eagerly antioipated. Ball opened well and on short lengths some clever bowling was seen. However, Ellison boa led effectively on a crown mark of 23 yards radius, and out-manceuvring his more seasoned opponent won by seven. R. Trigger summarily dismiased F. Yarwood, his majority being 1.3.

G. Holbrook sbowed capital form in his game with R. Antrobus, scored well on some corner play and won by ten.

In the sixth ground Glover beat Gleave by three, Trigger accounted for Boston:1 by eight, Ellison triumphed over Humphrey by seven and A. Scott boat George Holbrook by seven.

Ellison was the first to appear in the semi-final, and - winning the jack he started on short marks and speedily ran up a lead of eight, Trigger failing to trouble the markers. Eventually Trigger got a couple before Ellison got in again and bowling in irreproachable fashion only allowed opponent to score a couple,the victory of 17 being of a most hollbw description. The genie between Glover and Scott was a protracted affair and the play of the Cemetery Hotel man astonished all. He scored well on long lengths and at one period the game was called 12-7 in favour of Scott. A couple of pour ends was taken advantage of by Glover' and rare judgment being exercised he eventually took the lead with a run of seven. Scott only scored a couple of singles and left the Leigh representative to run to game at the 27th end.

The final was watched with great excitement. The Warrington player maintained his form and ran to 9, whilst Glover scored a couple of 2's. Keoping the lead Ellison, at the hineteenth end, led the Leigh Railway champion by five points. Then the Alanchester and District champion gradually reduced the gap, and the game was called 20-19 in the Warrington player's favour. Gaining one at the last end, Tons Ellison boat the 1905 champion, thus taking the championship of Lancashire pnd Cheshire to Warrington for the second time in the history of the association.

Mr. J. Allison, the proprietor of the Cemetery Hotel, where the competition has been played, won the Lancashire and Cheshire championship so fat back as 1895.

B)th bo Aden were congratulated on their really brilliant exhibition, and the few well-chosen remarks made by Mr. Coombs on the sportsmanlike conduct dis- played by Ellison and Glover under the most trying conditions reflected upon them the greatest credit. The energetic vice-president congratulated the spectators on their appreciation of the games, and hoped that War- rington would again be the venue for another champion- ship before many more years had elapsed.

The opening match of the second round of the Works Competition was played on Saturday when Monks' Hall defeated Penketh Tannery by 151-133. Monks Hall did not open well for they lost the first match by seven points. A good game was witnessed between J. Bowyer (Penketh) and B. Webb. Webb opened very well he getting the first three points. He led all the way up to the tenth end when the score was 6-6 Bowyer then got the lead up to the eighteenth end when they again drew level, 12-12. Bowyer, however, forged ahead and finally won by 15-12. .1. H. Bowyer (Penketh) was handsomely defeated by H. Worrall by 15-4. J. Heywood (Monks Hall) was similarly defeated by Joseph Bowyer,

===== 0002601_19080620_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

Those who cycle will often experience a dry and sore throat after a spin along a more or less dusty road, and be at a loss to know how to account for it. This sore-. nes3 is caused for one thing by keeping the mouth open and exposed to the air, thus drying up the natural flow of the saliva, but principally by the myriad grains of dust that clog uri the back of the throat. This is not all ordinary road dust, as those who have examined it !toll us it contains millions of hurtful germs—the bacilli of fever, lockjaw and consumption. Fortunately, how- ever, Nature has provided in the nose a most effectual filter for cleaning the air we breathe. Cyclists and pedestrians would do well to practise breathing through their noses for this reason, as well as another, that breathing through the nose lean infallible preventive of over-exercise and strain. If while doing any exercise you feel you have not enough air without opening your mouth, then that exercise is too much for you, and is straining you unduly.

Jupiter Plavirts seemed to be in one of his generous moods on Saturday last and the heavy showers which he oontiuuerl to bestow during the whole of the after- noon caused an abandonment, of the visit to Hunt's Cross, this proving to be the first check upon what has so far beea a delightful series of successful outings. The faces of the members were imbed a study as they watched and waited for the chance that came not, and they ultimately lesignel themselves to their fate.

Confidence seemed quits restored again when Thou] ty evening turned out on its bast behaviour, and over a dozen members were out for the run to klilton, this being a slight improvement on the last two or three weeks.

V7edne3day evening cause an went without seeing any progress made in the 133wling handicap at Sankey, the weather which svas again vary wet causing this event—which is now in a most interesting state,—to be postponed until next week.

To-dtty the Club ara plying their initial visit of the season into East Cheshire,Studbach being their destina- tion. The visit to this quaint old town Is always greatly enjoyed by the membara and oftener than not is made the medium of a wask-ead run.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Street .Fatality.

At four o'clock on Thursday-afternoon Thomas Buckley, aged two years, son of Alfred Buckley, 28, Knutsford-road, was running across School-street, Latchford, when he was knocked down and run over, it is believed by a horse and lurry. No one saw the accident. The child was immediately picked up and Dr. Langdale was summoned, but on his arrival life was extinct.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ATETIONEER'S

CLAIM.

Judgment Against Executors.

At the Warrington °aunty CJiirt on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, IC.C., Jolla Aalawaring, auctioneer, Bridge-street, sued John A. Ed yards, Thomas A. Edwards, Alice J. Gaest and Hugh Darbyshire, executors of the late John Edwards, Antrobus, for £l3 16s. for services rendered. Mr. Brow as appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Steel defended. „

_ I Mr. Ifrowne said the claim seas for conducting two Isales of the property of the late John Edwards which I were held at the Wheat Sheaf [tote!, Antrobus, on Oatober sth, 1890 and July 17th, 1900. At the first sale I three lots were sold and two withdrawn and the ! second sale the two lots were put up again with ! other property but they were all withdrawn* Mr. Mainw iring charged for the first sale, including out of pocket expenses' £9 19s. 6d.—considerably below I the ordinary amount charrel by auctioneers—and for • !the second sale £3 16s. A bill was sent in mud plaintiff I had several interviews with Mr. Thomas Edwards. who I led him to believe that the properties woald again be put up for sale and that he (Mr. Mainwaring) woald 'have the conduct of the sale. On that account plaintiff idid not press for payment. Later, Mr. T. E lwards entrusted plaintiff with the sale of some fixtures, and at Mr. Edsard's request, the amount realized after I deducting expenses (155.) was placed to the executors I credit on the other account. As no remittance was I received, numerous applications were made for payment, and plaintiff was put off with the idea that he was going to have another good sale of property. No denial was ever made of the debt and no exception .was taken to the amount charged. Eventually the matter was placed in legal hands and in May of this year a reply ' was received stating that the claim was out of date and they could do nothing. "A nice honourable lot of ! trustees those are" was Mr. Browne's comment. When the action was entered into Court a notice was flied I intimating that tho Statute of Limitations would be . pleaded in defence. This was signed by Thomas A. I Edwards" on behalf of myself and other executors." One person could not plead for another except by leave I of the Court end he therefore submitted that the notice I was bad and did not bind the Court with regard to other executors.

I —Mr. Steel said the notice was filed by !ill.. Edwards i himself before he (NI r. Stool) took up the case. Ile submitted that the notice was in order as it was not a defence but simply notice that they intended to plead a certain Statute._ It was not a defence. _

His Honour : Is it not ? You surprise me. It is a i defence of the Statute of Limitations and before it . can be pleaded in Court special notice is to be given. ' It must be signed by the person who is going to set up the defence or his authorissd agent—the solicitor. I Mr. Steel : I submit there is no rule to prevent Ole ' defendant giving notice on behalf of himself or others. His Honour : There is no rule authorising it. The plaintiff was then called and bore out his . solicitor's statement. Mr. T. Edwards, he said, toll him there was little or no money in the trust account. Mr. Steel pleaded the Statute of Limitations, and contended that nothing had been proved bringing the claim within the perioe. If plaintiff's evidence was I true that a verbal promise was made by T. A. Edwards f that would not entitle the plaintiff to succeed. A verbal i promise was insouciant. It was not the men who were i being sued but tho estate. One executor could sue or I be sued on behalf of himself; That being the case he I could give notice of a special defence. I His Honour asked Hr. Steel if he would call any i evidence, and the latter replied that he would not. His Honour said the claim was for work done, and honestly done in the way of trade by an auctioneer. It might be unnecessary for him to decide the question of the Statute of Limitations. It would be unnecessary if he found that there had been a payment in connection with the sale of the fixtures, and there must be judgment for the plaintiff with costs.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE EDUCATION.

Medical Inspection Work.

A meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee was hold at Crewe on Monday, Dr. Hodgson presiding. Mr. R. Delaney, of the Khedival Training College, Cairo, who (the chairman stated) had experience in England, India, and Africa of the training of teachers, was appointed principal of the new Cheshire Training College for Teachers at a salary of £5OO per annum. Professor Gunner reported the appointment of Dr. G. Jubb, of Glasgow, and Dr. R. Lawrence, of Black- ball, as assistants to the county medical officer of health, to devote their whole time to the inspection of children in attendance at elementary schools in the 'county elementary education area, at a salary of £350 each per annum and travelling expenses. The Elemen- tary Schools Sub-committee suggested the appointment' also of four nurses, two to work under the direction of each of the doctors. It was thought that one of the nurses should be with each doctor in his examina- tion of the children, and that the other nurse should follow up the cases next day by going to see the parents a children found defective and persuading them to carry out the doctor's instruc- tions. Dr. Hodgson urged that this was most important missionary work. The doctors would be of little use unless their examinations and recommendations were followed up by nurses visiting the children's homes and persuading the parents to get proper remedies for the treatment of defective children. Sufferers from bad eyesight, bad hearing, bad throat, and other physical defects would be examined by the school medical inspector, and much good would result from the atten- tion given to such cases by the nurses. After further discussion, Professor Gunner withdrew his resolution for the appointment of the nurses in order that the subject might be farther considered by the Elementary Schools Committee.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ORGANISIID GAMES.

Professor Gonne-i-s-aiciih-ai the Elementary Schools Sub-Committee had considered resolutions passel by several of the administrative sub-committtes with reference to provision for organised games, and they now recommended that no further expenditure on organised games should be provided out of the county education rate. lie did not think it would be possible to have organised games uniformly throughout the county. In congested manufacturing districts much might be said in favour of recreation grounds, but be thought they would be largely debarred in such dis- tricts by the expense of providing tliem, while in country districts they were not necessary. lie thought they should wait before going in for further expense with experiments in the direction of organised games. It was decided to discuss the subject at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19080620_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
LANDLORDS AND THE-IR SCHOOLS.

A letter was read from Mr. Cecil J. Parker, agent for the Duke of Westminster, relative to the Duke's inten- tion of resuming possession of certain school buildings on his land if the Education Bill were passed the Duke would secure, by arrangement either with the local education authority or otherwise, that no break should take place in the education of the children concerned, as he does not wish the children to suffer in any way on account of any action of Parliament. A similar letter was received from Mr. W. P. White, of Mere Hall, with regard to More School. It was decided to ask Lord Egerton (who had given the Committee legal notice to give up the schools without any reservation) to give the Committee the same undertaking as the Duke of Westminster—that he would continue the use to the local authority of the schools until the authority I can provide other accommodation.

WIRRAL AND BIRKENEIE AD AGRICULTURAL SOCIRI'Y'S SHOW. The Prize Schedules for the 65th Annual Show which is to be held on the 15th and 16th July, in the Society's beautiful Show Grounds at Bebington have now bean I issued. Sir Gilbert Greenall Bart. is the President of I the Society this year. The Council has again previclel a most extensive classification, also a generous list of Prizes totalling some £3,000, further the Society's valuable Challenge Bowls in addition to numerous other special prizes are offered for competition in the various sections of the Show. The classification for Horses is one of the most extensive ever issued and includes Coach Four-in-Hand, and Tandem Teams, also Pairs and Lespers in addition to many classes for Saddle Horses, and Single Harness Turnouts. New Classes forTradesnasn's Turnouts open to the Society's District (which includes all parts within a radius of 25 miles from the Show Yard), are also included in this years list of classes. The Coach Hornblowing Competitions will again take place on the first day of the Show. Channel Island and Kerry Cattle are also again pro- vided for this year, and the Valuable Challenge Bowls and also several Special Prizes are offered for Dairy Produce. Dogs, Poultry, Pigeons, Rabbits and Cavies are extremely well provided for, and the Kennel Club has again favoured this old-established Society by selecting it to rank as a Championship Show, and offering some thirty-two Challenge Prizes for Champion Dogs, the competition for same being open to the World. Two Silver Cups each valued at Five Guineas will be given for the respective best sporting and non-sporting Dog or Bitch. Any of the above named exhibits consigned to Bebington station by passenger train, will be carted to and from the show free. Lectures on bees and honey along with demonstra- tions will he given each day in addition to which there will be a Grand Naval amd Military Tournament in the Horse Judging Ring each evening after the Leaping Competitions have concluded. Prizes being offered for the various competitions, .which will be governed by the same conditions as the London Royal Military Tournament. Applications for Prize Schedules (stating for which section) should be sent to the Secretary, Mr. Arthur H. Edwardson, 6, Hamilton-square, Birkenhead. Two challenge cups have been presented for com- petition, namely, a cup, value fifty guineas, for the best shire stallion in the show, also a cup, value fifty guineas for the best shire mare (with foal at foot) in the show.

Warrington.—Printed and published by SOHN WALICES & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works' Bewsey-street, and published by them at the sal place, and also at The Examiner Oakes, Victoria-ros_ WIDNES ..S2, George-street, ST. Mums: 3, marko Street, EAuLasTowN; Church-street RIINCODY Jager 20th, 190 S.

rs 9 -.ttN I • • • e the- ng- ate, the Mere trebi- re 3 tment archi- tsinmed Board petitive various a useful to chair in viostr Colunteer he also alas wa3 directions. 1153 Cup, to land Rifle Tear Valley' identified .13t.Ice,feibiddyaeeetilnaotrist Ivao O: The funeral ursdiy in the- eluding local Jrban Councils mien. .) Parish Churchr us, John •-• by ,T,OFIN WALICO al Printing Work 2: them at the ealn- tArTeatotse3N,RsV:uitT3Oco,to2l,ll3,lkns:c;

===== 0002601_19080620_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WCKLEY-STREKT CHURCII.-TO-Mulau W, SPECIAL IN MEMORIAM SERVICE for the late MIL ANDREW JENNINGS, at 2 o'clock. PREACHER lIBV. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. SPECIAL MUSIC BY TRH CHOIR. A COLLECTION WILL BE MACE.

BAPTIST CHURCH. LATCHFOILD TO-MORROW (9UNDAY) JIMR 21st, 1903. PIIFACEELI Rey. J. F. MATTHEWS, Mornlr.z 19.3^. " Decay and Renewal." livening 6. "The joy of the sorrowful way." OFFRRTORIHS.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH', TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNII 21sT 1901 MORNIVG 10.30; Rev. R. J. GAWNR. EvElzrzo 6.30 Rev. SOFlt'i OUNHEILL. All welcome. Hymn Books provlde.i.

BE IV SEY -ROAD WESLF;YAN CHURCH TO3/ORROW (31INDIY). J171\711 21er. 11.Towqr(G 10.3 J: rev. SIDNHY PITT. EVEICING 8.31: Mr. T. R. PFIA.ICE (Grapnenhall). All Welcome. Hymn Hooks providetl.

BA.PTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET TO-MORROW, SUND&Y, JUNE 21qr. PREACRER RRV. R. B. LET/TERRE. htowsnco 10.45. EVENING 6,30. THER9DAY ?ET, JUNI 25r0, /V 5 0 c.,-1,3. FALB OF SURPLUS GOOD. &C. Brain'. CrillArens Slips for Walklng Ow. ERFERSIIIIISETS. ADIIIS3ION FREE.

EWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. 34Tn ANNIVERS ARY OF STONE LAYING, TC-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE MST. FREICUI:II a REV. ALFRED FrommArq, (Cf Harrogate, formerly of this Circuit.) Morning 10.30. Evening 6.30. SPECIAL SELECTIONS AT EACH SERVICE BY THE ORGANIST AND CHOIR. MOIINIKG : SOLO-" Meditation" Chamlnade, MISS SMOOCH.. FTENING : QUALM C/101111::,—" The Heaven's are telling."—Haydn. COLLECTIONS FOR TRUST FUNDS. Services commence at 10.30 prompt with an inspiring Hymn.

RILL CLIFF E B4APTISI CITURDR. EIThIMER SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED ON SUNDAY, JUNE 21sT, 1908. PREACHER : REV. A. C. G. RENDELL (OF RUGBY). AFTERNOON AT 2.30, EVENING- AT 2.30. IN THE HORNING IT 10.45, A CHILDREN'S SERVICE WILL BE ETF.LD, AND AN ADDRESS WILL BE DELIVERED BY THE REV. A. C. G. RENDELL. SPECIAL HYMNS AND ANTHEUS BY ITHE CHOIR AT BACH SERVICE. COLLECTIONS IN AID OF CHURCH FUNDS. 101 T ARE CORDIALLY INYITED TO ATTEND THESE SERVICEN.

BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON SOCIETY. THIRD ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF FLOWERS PLATS SATURDAY, AUGUST 29ra, 1903. AT TNE DRILL HALL THE EXHIBITIox WILL RE OPENED BY LADY CHIBBNALL. Prize Schedules and Particulars may be obt,sined from the Secretary, 3, Winulck at,, or at the Old Academy. Exhibits must remain in possession of Exhibitors not less then two months before Show Day. einr•Petitione open only to those becoming Members before 31. at July.

YOUNG HELPERS' LEAGUE.- (DR. BARNAIWO'S Holm.) MR GARDEN FETE AND SMALL SALE OF WORK IN AID (I, THE ABOVE WILL TARE PLACE AT. HAT, MRS. JACKSON HOLMES --LBO, ROUGH CRESENT, LATCHFORD WITHOUT TODAY, SATURDAY. JUNE 20T. ADMISSION SD, 41,113 Mityon WILL OPEN THE PROCEEDINGS AT 2.30. 'HERR WILL BE A FLAY. CONCERTS, CHARACTER READING, ETC AND TEA. THE LADIES' ORCHESTRA WILL ATTEND.

WARRINGTON BLUE COAT CHARITY NOTICE IS HEREBY OWEN, that the TRUSDIES of the SCHOOL will at their next Quarterly Meeting, on the 20th day cf July next,proceed to elect Five Children(two Boys tad three Girls) to Vacancies now existing in the Institution. Fin Candidate will be eligible unless an application on his or 'Der behalf (forms of which may be obtained from the Clerk ?ttlhia Office, 3, Winwick-stieet), shall have been made to t,le Clerk to the Trustees, at least fourteen days previous to eaY cf Meelln;. o:oh,...electing Children, the Trustees make Orphans their first ''e• Those deprived st one parent come next in con- On,• derati and alter them the children of parents who have the greatest number and the slenderest means. nated this 19th day of June, 1908. HENRY G813E17.111 , Clerk to the Trustees.

WIRRAL & BIRKENIIRAD AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S SHOW PRESIDENT, SIR GILBERT GREENALL, BAT, AT BEBINGTON, BIRKENHEAD, JULY 15TR AND 18TH. PRIZES NEARLY 0,000. 111PLEMIsim, MAU H INERT. PIGS. SHEEP. CATTLE AND HORSES. ENTRIES CLOSE IST JULY AT 10 A.M. LITTBR, CHEESE, PGG, DOG, POULTRY, PIGEON, RABBIT AND CAVY. iITRIPIS CLOSE 6Tst JULY, AT 10 A.M., or by letter bearlays previous date po trnark. QRAND MILITARY TOURNAMENT, AND HORSE LEAPING COMPETITIONS EACH DAY, APplications for Schedules should state for which section. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON. Secretary. 6, liaikilton Square, Birkenhead, Telepone 215 13Irkentead.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. JEONDAY NEXT, 7UNII 2-2ND, 190?, & DURING VIE WREK (FRIDAY EXCEPTED) )tri • urnER UGY3 COMPANY IN THE BRILLIANTLY SUCCESSFUL COSTUME CONIEDY " SOPHIA." ADAPrEn FR3II FIELDING'. TOM. JONES. TIMES AND PRICES AS USUAL. FRIDAY NEXT, JUNE 261'a, 1333, GRAND COMPLIMENTARY BENEFIT TO MR. FRED J. REECE (ICTING MANAGER) SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS FOR THIS EVENING. SEE BILLS. _Seats Booked at the Theatre from 11. to 1 daily, and from to 9

NEW SHIOHTON TOWER. ROW OPEN FOR THE SEASON. A MULTITUDE OF NEW AND NOVEL AMUSEMENTS. trim mos-BROWN WILD WEST (300 Men and Horses.) " 014 Plantation Negro Show," Pcenio Railway, Figure 8, Water Chute, 0.1.0. Cycles, Helier SaeHer. Old nglish Fair Grounds, Magnificent Ballroom, Billiard Room, nefteshment Rooms, Menagerie, Picturesque Indian Village (tie Sundays) etc. 59,000 Electric Lights, Lifts to Tower 10P sacd finest views in Europe. ~,GRAND CONCERTS EVERY SUNDAY NIGHT,—Best autl(nt in Europe. Renowned Tower Orchestra. ADMISSION TO Tni3 GROUNDS, ONLY BD.

pALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. ! managing Director.- - - MR. FRANK %LLCM AGETEN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, JUNE 22ND, 1908. SUTCLIFFE TROUPE Novelty Acrobats, Pipers and Dancers. CISSIH LUPINO, Character Dancar. TILE LOVHLAUBS. Amezienn Song Illustrators. BROTHERS BRA DSHA W, Acrobatic Recentrie.s; IRENE AND MORTON, In Comedy Interlude. RAYMOND'S RIO-TABLEAUX. BARTHOLOMEW GIRLS, Smart Boy and Dainty Girl. MARK HRNTON. The Mirthful One. SAHIB GUSTAVE FA.SOLA Indian Fakir and Eastern Wonder Worker. Gallery, 3d. ; Early Door, 4.1. Pic, 6.1. ; Early Door, 9.3. Circle, Is.; Early Door, Is. 3 d.

4, a 1 .111AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. MEMEL :MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 2s. Bd., 35., 4s. 6D., AND _5l, Ss J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, SOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. IllmsworsTn. Market Hell. Vcerrirgion BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. • SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. PER won% INTEREST abowel on 'Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTERBST on Brewing Accounts with Checrae Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANAC:I, WITH FULL P.twacutos, POST FREE. C. F. HAVIINtoOROFP, SECRETAIVE

LCO THE WORLD'S ',GREATEST ATIRAUTIONS AT Tau WHITE CITY. MANCIIESTER. OPRN DAILY. FREE SHOWS, CONCERTS, DANCING,

GEDDES'S DANDELION (jOFFEE. THEE3EST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRucalsrs IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., ZACII WHOLECILLE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON.

WARRING TON IPurauGvIIESSIVE LABOUR OPEN AIR MEETINGS To BE ADDRESSED BY MR, JOSEPH HOW ES AND CTITERS WILL BE CIELD AS lINEER, COMIENCING AT 7.31 MONDAY NEXT, JUNE 221 m, OPPOSITE ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, BEv.'sEY ROAD. CHAINMIN : ME. JOS. ELWELL. TUESDAY, JUNE 23RD, OPEN SPACE, ELLESMERE ST. HOLE Y WARD. CHAIRMAN: MR. SAMUEL WRIGHT, JP. WEDNESDAY. JUNE 24Ta, OPEN SPACE, HARDY ST. LT.JOUN'S WARD. CHAIRMAN MR. THOS. BARNES. THURSDAY, JUNE 25Ta, OPEN SPACE, OFF ELIZABETH ST. WHITECROSS WARD. CHAIRMAN: COUNCILLOR JOSEPH HAWTHORN. BRIMS, JUNE 2CTIT, BRIDGE FOOT. CHAIRMAN: FILED MADDISON, M.P. WORKINGMEN SPECIALLY INVITED.

SUITS LENGTHS 9S. TO 2(35. SMART SUITS TO MEASURE 23e. TO 43e. STYLISH SELECTIONS-400D VALUE—PATTERNS FREE. BUY DIRECT. BRIERLEY AND CO. MANUFACTURERS, STATION ST., HUDDERSFIELD.

NURSES ! INURSItS ! ! ISURtIES!!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CASE, ANY;DISTANCE, NIGHT:OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (USTABLIBEIED 30 Rats). HOPE 110liSg, HOP 8 sr., LiVER.POOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams: "Nurses," Liverpool

REBUILDING. TO YOUNG COUPLES AND OTHERS REQUIRING FURNITURE. With a view of Clearing our Stook to save removal, we h 're decided to OFFER THE WHOLE OF IT AT SPECIALLY EXTRA REDUCED PRICE. J. HUNTER A CO. have a reputation second to none for really Reliable FURNITURE at a moderate cost. Come and see for yourselves how you can save money. No Reasonable Offer Refused. T HUNTER & CO, LP • 14, 16, 18, T. MARY'S PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER.

SHORT SEA ROUTE TO THE CONTINENT EY THE BRITISH ROYAL MAIL ROUTE VII HARWICH AND THE HOOK OF HOLLAND. Through Carriages from and to Warrington via Lincoln every week- day alongside the steamers at Parkeston Quay Harwich CORRIDOR VIISTIBULED TRAM, Dining and Breakfast Cars between Lincoln and EfarwieU (Parkeston Quay). NEW R.M. TURBINB STEAMER " COPENHAGEN " is on the Hook of Holland Service. Registration of Mggage from Warrington. Send postcard to W. Pownall, Great Eastern Railway B?, Portland Street, Manchester for descripti ie illustrated pamphlet (free).

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, 110131:7ti AND GENERAL ALL KINDS OF ;AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS. STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS'. OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEBEF, &c. WORKS: ACSDEMY STREET, WARRINGTOv.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTH I TAILS OF ) nom HAIR FRAMES, PURR Fnom 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T Li BROWN, 3, LIME ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

rrlIE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRHPARBO to RIDLIEIVI.I LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of pears. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington,

'PRESENT ADDRESS REQUIRED of IL B. 1 SHORES, who for some years prior to 1.F.05 resided at 39, Derby road, Fern worth, Widnes. RH WARD paid for reliable information .--Addresa 6.T., R xamincr"Office, Warrington.

DUBLIN, AUG ENGLISH LAKES. TEDCASTLE LIEN. " BL ICKROCK," " CUMBRIA." " EBLANA," and " ADELA, ' from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool, Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 101. ; Steerage, 6s. with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Bray,Wicklow Avoca, &c,, and on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney,Cork, Bundoran. Warrenpoint, do. LTFast S.S. " BLACKHOCK "every Tuesday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday and. Wednesday from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND SH I TRIP, per "Cumbria." Every Saturday, to Whitehzven, giving 3 days for English Llices, thence to Dublin, and back. Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon, 20s. Apply TiIDCASTLE, tylugOß MICK it CO., LIMITED, Liverpool. Telegrams, '• Tedoast le." Telephone 975.

LIVSRPOOL ANO NOR ra WALES DAILY SAILIEGS (Sundays Included), From Prince's Landing Stsge. Steamer, LA MARGMIRITB. IC-45 AM], for LLANDUDNO, BRAUMARIS, BANG OR, and IidENAI BLIIDGIL Due back 720 p.m. 2.1, p.m. Saturdays—ll, tra Sailing' for all parts. Isle of Anglesey Trip., Sunday 21st at P. 45 a.m., and Monday 22nd at 9.15 a.m., calling at Llandudno. Through Bookings on Monday, Train !coarse' Central at 7.54 a m and Bank Quay 7.27 a.m. Through Bookings Daily from Principal Stations.

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK ANn GLASGOW. 6, VRINCBSS LOUIS'S" OR OTHBR STRAMBR. From LIFBRPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28,North Side) Tues. June 23rd 6 p.m. Bat. June 20th 2 p.m. 53.30 p.m. Sat. June 27th 9 p.m. Thurs. June 25th 2 p.m.*9.30 p m. Thurs. July 2nd 10 p.m. Tues. June 30th 2 p.m...5.25 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington,Widnes &c. Single, let Class and Cabin lla. Gd. Slnle. 3rd Class and Steerage 6a. Return (valid for two months) Ist Class and Cabin 16s. ; 3rd Class and Cabln, 17s. Special 14 days Racursion Tickets : Cabin 119., Steerage So. 3.1. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STRIIBT, MANCH/Min. BROWN'S BUILDINGS, lIXCHANGHI, LIVIIRPOOL.

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL LINE.-THE ONLY TURBINE STRAYERS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE FROM LIVERPOOL TO CANADA. UNSURPISSF.D ACCoMMoDATIoN, LOWEST FARES. SPECIAL THROUGH RATES TO WESTER STATICS. Also Direct Services from LONDON and GLASGOW. Handbooks, Maps, and all Information NM. Apply ALLANS, 19, James street, Liverpool ; 103 Leadenhall Street, 8.0., and 5, Pall Mall, S.W., London; S. Bothwell Street, Glasgow ; or Local Agents.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, wINwICK RD.. WARRINGTON aelephlne 179 BRI4I A'ER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout. Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1. Strong Ale. Worthington's and Alleopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Hael.'s Hop Bitters. AllsOpp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IA BOTTLE. AL9O MANCELCTURERS OF HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

OFFICE FOR PATENTS 4, ST. ANN'S SWAM?, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIEB & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTAELPHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6. caLoNIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PEacpf

IiSTABLISHED 1333. .11. IRS THOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33 MARKET STREET, HARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE: FOR PRESENTS.

DAM, AIKLBA, CArtUSO, KUBELIK, LAUDER BM., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. All you require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the Sneet artistes of the world. EVERY RECORD and every type of GRAMOPHONE, ZONOPHONE,and THOMAS RDPSON MACHIHR in stock at JAKE G RAH A.M'S, 74.5. AND 7P RENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK RD., 1 1VBI&OOL. Tel, 66X and 431 X Royal. SEND FOR LISTIS POST FREW

LEFT-OFF CLOTHO°, &C., BOUGHT.—HEST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGIEPAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, dc., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS,BLUCHERS,WELLINGTONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 316, 328, and 340, Deanegata, Mancoester. Estaolished 50 Years. Telephone No 413

A CHOICE CIGARETTE. SUDLOW'd SPROUL SILK OU C CIGARUTIRS. Guaranteed :Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco. Ed. per oz., 2s. 6d. per ilb. toz.l T. SUDLOW & CIG IR M2ROHANTS, 15, WINVirICK 81', AND 6, BUTTBRAALIKAT ST., WARRINGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 29th day of June, 1908, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The bearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Broxton, Chester Castle, Dares- bury, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Runcorn, Winston], and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Divisions, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester D:strict must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the Opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 29th day of June, 1908, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be adjourned to the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, on WEDNESDAY, the Ist day of July, 1908, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The bearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Altrincham, Bucklovv, Dukin- field, Middlewich, Sandbach, Congleton, Northwich, Prestbury and Stockport, foiming the Knutsford Dis- trict, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Divisions will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The 'Grand and Petty Juries for the Knots- ford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Conrt on WEDNESDAY the Ist day of July nest, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 9th June, 1008.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSAND.? OF LADIES HANTS DERIVED GREAT BRNEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE Bub, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 'lO °MANKIND They are the beet known Remedy for Aniemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetlte,Hystvia,Palpitation of the Heart,Debility, Depression. Wesliners, Irregularities and all Female Ailment.. Boxes 90. Is. lid.. 2,9 I 4s. ed. and Ils. DR- DAVIS'S FAMOUS FILE AND CONSTIPAIION CURE. A posqlve Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 349 PORTO3ELLO-110.A.D. NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

WADSWO TI-IS for BROADWOOD PIANOS 59 Sankey Sto Warrington.

DAINTY WASHING FROCKS READY TO WEAR, FROM ios. I ID. TO L 3 3s. W. HODGKINSON IA NIITED, BRAMNsavgr

• FOR THE HOLIDAYS. SPECIAL VALUE IN DRESS TRUNKS, OVERLAND TRUNKS, GLADSTONE BAGS, BRIEF BAGS, AND HAMPERS. JAPANESE BASKETS AND STRAPS FROM is. ID. E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

SECOND-HAND PI A NOS ON SALE. A FEW :GOOD INSTRUMENTS FROM Z 9, SPECIAL IRON-FRAME PIANO, 20 GUINEAS, WONDERFUL VALUE. INSTRUMENTS TUNED, REPAIRED AND EXCHANGED. R. H. PE ARSON WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 501.

SMITH 48&. WALAKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR SPRING WEAR. AGENT EOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 V. MPART.IMYr GATE, muuammaPrON.

SAVE THE MIDDLEMAN'S PROFIT. Since branching out in the wholesale I have found it possible through buying in such huge quantities to sell my goods in many cases at ft reduction of 40 per cent. oa usual prices. This should be of interest to you as "Money saved is money earned." NOTE SOME OF THE BARGAINS.

LADIES' SOLID GOLD GUARD, stamped, new BOY'S OXYDIZED WATCEL Splendid timekeeper and fashionable design. Usual Price 425. My price Goes full day with once winding, 3s. sd. 28s. 6d. RELIABLE ALARII CLOCK. Good loud bell. SOLID GOLD NECKLET AND LOCKET, stamped, Marvellous value, 2s. 3d. Strong Gold Necklet with Locket to open and take two Photos. Marvellous value. Usual Price 20s. My 8 DAY KITCHEN CLOCK. Strikes on gong. Quite price 10s. 6d. new design. Usual Price 80s. My price 17s. 6d. GOLD CURB BANGLE with Padlock and Safety SILVER-PLATED TEAPOT, Sheffield make. Chain. Hall-Marked. Usual Price 40s. My price 255. Guaranteed to wear white throughout. Usual Price LADIES' reliable WATCH in Solid Gold Government 12s. 6d. My price 7s. 6d. Hall-Marked case. Gold or Opaline Dial. Perfect 4 BOTTLE`, CRUET, Plated on Nickel Silver. Choice timekeepers. Usual Price .£2 2s. My price 255. Design. Cut Glass Stoppers. Usual Price 10s. Gd. My GENTS' Solid Silver LEVER WATCH. Carefully price Os. 6d. timed and regulated. Compensation Balance. Usual SUGAR DREDGER, Ruby Glass, Silver-Plated top. Price 255. My price 15s. Usual Price 38. 63. My price Is. 61d. Large selection Jelly Dishes,Butter Dishes,Honey Jars, Jam Spoons, Batter Knives, Pickle Forks, Cake Knives Sugar Tongs, Nutcracks, Silver and Rolled-Gold Brooches, Braclets, Alberts, &c., &c., to be cleared at Is. each. SEE WINDOWS FOR FURTHER BARGAINS. CARTERS WHOLESALE JEWELLERS & WATCHMAKERS, 29, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

STEAM ENGINE REPAIRS CAS ENGINE REPAIRS STEAM BOILER REPAIRS MACHINEHY REPAIRS IRON CASTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS. Traction Engine Repairs. Motor Car anti Electrical Engineering.

E. FORSHAW & SON 'MERSEY BOILER WORKS, Mersey St., Warrington. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS. TELEPHONE No. 123.

PIONEER FURNISHING STORES, Bold Street, Liverpool. LOWEST PRICES IN THE KINGDOM. For CASH or on EASY HIRE TERMS.

;.-„,..,......„- ... .............;-........0,14 . -.-. -'414..k.kt, -4..17-7;q-:1:,E.:;1:-..::'S.",,,: -"i' ' -•': .: ..... . - : ....f- ..... ... --..2"-, 1 s. ... '-..c:-,--= ,•''.:::::--,:,4,--',i,:.4 - IPE;iilffre- I.!':'' :IE-ifiril#:l44" -4: A,'- r. .rfirraalir -,.. -..1,r : •-it•htdiiiitli,:••k-ti, r,i / Z. 1.1,7 ts r ; ' .....,...w. ..,, A. ..- . „ r - , ...!.......1 tg t . * - . - .10 1 ~4`.,-• •- . - ...... , 0 • ...a, - ...:11,-.:---• AV 4.1.'1° ''';!-11-4,:4.-'s',-;iiilliiiplit W. - ,:f•_z• 1 .q. - - .4.' . i"iir t,nguff.'4., -1,,, 7.--.". t.": ' .‘"--Irt*lr',... lqiiiliirlr.‘... .tt --%'' r„.4•:. Nuz.,:r.:,-..=-4t-^i It - ,% ,% ttt-,-•it.. . • " • ''''. ' ihr‘ .."'Ir."1::::1-1,44:1 ..., - -..anni.l:-•• .4r wow. • ..., it....,-.. ....- .•:- ' tialii}:-•-•:"..": ' V.‘" .. -nr..: 2-'"s,'''',- I"Mir7:l:::l;:.n.ilffiz .1...---- -V' . • - Irtii IP= --- -- - :3i .11.tiirtinEE r074"-'''''-ttP4 ... 3 . - .....*::!`..VIL.S. , .. • •,...**Z"-e' 4 ._. ..:,, IRISH TIUTOMOBILE eLt3B. ...... Motor Reliability Trials. :14iil . I til3t -.3g. OFFIOI7IL RESULTS: iizt• ~....... . it. " ' tiar4sri":4l..--44., "...I. 1... -.... .- ..,..-.... ...: --311ni:- 'l..mitlirr.,4ll:.i.iivTertmXt*ljhOfalligrg:iii:::::,. _ . ... . .0"...1,.. 419.1... , '... _ , numberkotie the only firm 0 get full marks for reliability for three eat a. ' 10.12 h,p. Coventry Humber first in Class C. 4 , 15 h p. Coventry Humber first In Class D. t w ' 20 b.o. Beeston Humber second in Class B. , Gold Medal won In oven class. silver Medal won In amateur class "The reliability of Bomber cars has beets inditputably proved:,_Lio,es, Pied. i Prices from £235. Free trials arranged. Complete specifications from BELLIAN 81 DAVIES, SANKEY ST. 'WARRINGTON. • -

LADIES' OUTFII TING, BLOUSES, TEA GOWNS, SKIRTS, BABY LINEN, CHILDREN'S OUTFITTING, MILLINERY, NEW ENTRANCE IN BASNE

T. LEONARD'-ON-R.--1n most excellent position. kJ A first-class Apartment House, connection almost wholly amongst the aristocracy. For Cale as a going concern. Ilaceedingly well-furnished. 13 Bedrooms. Bathroom and four reception rooms. Books can be Inspected. An excel- lent and lucrative business, most suitable for two ladies. Price £B5O or close offer. Also a smaller house for £260. Apply to GINNER, 378, Robertson at., Hastings.

YOUR PIANO Is probably an old instrument and now cut of date. Why sot exchange it for a new up-to- date instrument embodying all the latest improvements, say one of our REGENT PIANOS at 24 GUINEAS 0/6 MONTHLY. This instrument is most carefully planned and satisfies all reasonable requirements in tone, touch and design. We will allow you full present value for your old Piano. Think it over and write us. RICHMOND JONES& SONS TUE PIANO STORES 11-13, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL. " 'Neath the shadow of St. Luke's," Telephone 2331 Royal.

. MANY have KIDNEY TROUBLE aij K fIT mill Li t 1 , 11 ' . f , ' There are many men ,and women who suffer from rsoN 4 mysterious aches and pains, and who have never :17v ' suspected their kidneys— \. ..' ' 71 • '4l/ki • i 4,-.z:-.-rc \ en . / ) ' =i #l5-, ..t, :: \ •X I ii,' 1 ( 4, . They have come to believe they .-t‘ s',i, , i can never be cured, and so they l' \‘‘k )I ri keep at their work as best they can, allowing their complaint to take its course. , , L 7; : ~- "' '" 1 / ~, /I" ~.2,10,24('1 *.: ' r- ~5-/, if Q/ v),` ~.,,,ae 1 - " ' . : ,/ ~ „,./ '..,;_,,...-.,- ^ ' ...--";`,","•;iT. / .7 ye, • /,.. , . : _5:;,,.,,, ,T . ...„ , ~,, ' ' '/..f..-4'": `-'`' 411/7 -, "...5;/; s'''t •';' If yow hcalth is not that it . • . --."&* ~-... 1 was,'don't rest until you have -'... found out the cause. If you --,-,-------• - ' .".. , have backache, urinary disorders, :,--.•,. "'''''„,'''',•,.„ gravel—if the heart is irregular, l " Every Picture 1 N the skin sallow, the limbs bloated, ' , ,;;;;:,,,..• • Tells a Story." weak and shaky--should you have rheumatic pains, chilly sensations 71 RUNCORN Case or dizzy spells— . . "If I had not used the pills I should have become seriously ill," writes Mr. J. 11. Douglas, painter and decorator 21, Wellington-street, Runcorn, when describing his cure of kidney trouble by Doan's Backache Kidney Pills. " It was a severe cold that started the trouble; I suffered with backache, and the kidney secretions were scanty and scalding in passing. I felt con- stantly tired, there was a puffiness under my eyes, at my sleep was broken. Every cold I caught would affect my back and kidneys. I suffered in this way for aboUt six months. "It was through reading about Doan's Backache Kidney Pills that I came to use them, and they gave me relief within a week. I continued with the pills, and they cured me. All the symptoms of the kidney disorder have gone, and I am still well. (Signed) J. H. Douglas,"

ORLICK'S Iti MALTED MILK ; (IN POWDER FORM'. THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. In IA 2/O and 111. Bottles. (SLOUGH, Bum.) Nourishes—Builds up—Strengthens.

LADIES —REMEMBER o that for PRESERVING a IMPROVING 10m SKIN and COMPLEXION, there is nothing to equal BEETHAM'S , Cr4l7.

It entirely removes and prevents all ROUGHNESS, REDNESS, HEAT, IRRITATION, ETC., an] keeps THE SKIN Soft, Smooth & White, ALL THE YEAR ROUND. 4. Botties Is. 2s. 6d. of .11 che,,,isr, Stores. , M. Beethr.M 0 Son, Cheltenham.

A RGYLL MOTOR, 12-14 b p., genuine Aster linglne, tour 11. cylinders ; seat Ave persons ; in excellent condition ; will be sold cheap.—Ad lress J. S. DBONEFIELD, Christowe. Grosvenor rd., Colwyn Bay.

fiILIBBBAL CABNIAGBS, reduced prices, easy terms. 1: Washington Cars, Hearses from £53, Coaches £3O, Landaus £4O, Brakes, Uharabsncs, Cabs, En. catuagleB.- 114RSTOY, 24, Bradford se., Birmingham.

a" IN SALB, cheap WAGGONSTTE (to carry six persono) ; Bathaden Carriage. Light Lurry, 6i cwt. (Canthria make) ; One-horse Mowing Machine (ne N) three knivet.— Kmutzs, 329 Intack, Simkburn.

CYCLII, marvellous sacrifice; two-speed gear, Clincher tyres, magnificent machine, not soiled or scratched. silver-plated rims, beautifully lined, mud guards, two genuine roller levs,r Crabbe brakes, plated gas lamp, and all other accessories ; Coventry machine and practically new ; approval willingly, half carriage paid ; private owner; bargain, lowest, Ai ELLCKMORE, 8, Oxford it., Weston-super-Mare. riYCL2--Ladies no rubbish, great bargain, Magnificent CYCLY, Highest Grade Coventry Machine ; perfectly new, not soiled, only ridden a few times ; Clincher tyres, 1 silver-plated rims, grnuine Crabbe roger lever brakes, back r alai front. Ferry's ball free wheel, highest finish, beautiful model, all accessories, lamp, bell, bag, spanner, oil-can; no use to owner. daortfice 24 10i., worili double. Approval before ca. h sent —KATE STUCKET, " elk Villa," Clarendon rd., Weston-tu,er-Mare.

'IOViIIITRY CYCLE -Mo;t marvellous bargain ever offered V Gent's lafgb-grade 1908 Cycle; absolutely es new ; ball bearing, free-wheel, two roller lsver rim-brakes, silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyres (not soiled), beautifully enamelled lined and plated, mudguards, and all accessories complete cash urgently reqoired ; will sacrifice for £3 12s. 64. worth donble ; approval before cash sent.—T. HUSBAND, 3), Alma t., Weston-super-Mara.

flYCLß.—}fatvellous sacrifice. Gent's New 1C.07 MACHINE highest grade, fitted with Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes, the very latest. Ferry's ball-bearing free wheel, plated rims coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame, mudguards ; msguificent machine, not soiled ; complete with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, etc. ; ;24 2s. Es•l. ; great bargain, worth double. Will send on approval any ciistnce before cash sent.-11. HOUSE, St. Madge, Pitmaq rd„ Weston-super-Mare.

QEASIDE 11011111 SCHOOL (middle•class), well recommended. Meolth wlth Rduntion. Thorough business training. every home comfort Si:octal caro glvan to backward or delicate boys who are received by the week or month for the summer. Very moderate tams. —Address PSINCIPAL, "Rosales," Sandringham Avenue, Rhyl.

QUUTHPOtiT I.IODECRN SCLIOOL.—AN IDBAL L... 7 SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-class educAloa. Staff includes 13. A., B.Sc., F.C.N., Mae. Bac., &c. Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company, and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Prospectus horn HEIDMASTER.

Iv;j. ERNMST WILK.E4, A.L.C.M., Professor of 1.11. Music, Organist and Choirma:ter of zit. Paul's Churzh, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, mueicAL FORE. Upwards of 103 Certifloates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large thres-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms .appty 134, LOVELY LtNE and Lama err., WarrinKtoa.

STCIe'ETON LODGE HIGH SCLIOOL, STOCKTON HRATH,WARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL POR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL NOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and piaying fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. PROSPECTUS, References and Views on application to MISS Pe.RTINGITON. PRINCIPAL.

QPARE-TIMU AGENT, to devote few hours wtekly taking SZI orders ; large profits made outsid regular employment. Write terms and particulars, E EAU CYCLE Co., Ageoey Dep., EiSSX, Ltwvpool.

SPO RI'S M El.—Exceptional oprortunity offered first applicants regarding intended stable coup ; secrecy required ; remit 5 .—CommtsstoNe, 83, Great Crosshall it , Liverpoot.

JuNion REPORTER wioirECD —Moat be turned 16, and have a knowledge of Shorthand. Good openlng for smart youth—Apply by letter to EDITOR " Examiner," Warrington.

QIILF-POLIdISING HARNHiS BLACICING, no labour, no 1..) brushing, softens leather ; gallon 4s. Ed , large tin 10•, oarrisare paid.—Haroomi LACKISIG CO., 87, Higher Ormond it.. Manche.ter.

NVIt want your Name.-le. 6,1., post paid. Sample Cloth Album ; 100 kinds postcard.; worth double. Sample Shamrock Bouquet, two penny iitampa.—MlDLAND AGENC f, 1!.4 Lond,n rd , Nottingham.

maim AND 00211t1UTIONNEL BEBII3 81 DATION as 1.1 first, second, or single-handed ; last firm 8 years ; abstainer ; high-it references; married, age 25.-1. DEAKIN, 267, Liverpool id., Warrington.

SPORTSMIIIN and SPORISWOMISN.—If you with to win, write for our terms. Beliahle, proved method ard information. No risk.—PaCial3Y, CIO AIM 11, 136 Greyhound, rd., West Kensington. London.

WANTHD, Situation as GROOM-COACHMAN (30, married); one boy OD ; tide and drive well ; thoroughly understands stable duties ; good references.— JOHNETON, PriestlanJ, Tarporley,

42.111iFFIELD CUTLBRY.—No "PiaveHers I No A Rents 0 Buy direct. Ivorine-handle Table and Dessert Knives, 4s. 6d. and 4g. half dozen. Bxceptional Dian & Co., 14, Woodhead rd..

rY/ASTBD, commencing September Quarter, HOUSE (detached preferred); 3 entertaining rooms, 5 bed- rooms, bath room, ac.. large garden at back ; Stockton Reath, Latchford, or Grappenhall diatricts.—Apply to Box '' Examiner" Office, Warrington.

LIRDIT DRINK'S, CORDIALS. SYRUPS.—Manchmter ; L' Old-establiabed ; very morl'abla ; £lBO everything ; receipt. worth more.—Box 51S, o/a Siumiciv & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London, W.C.

QULPHURIO ACID.—WANTRU first-class FORSHAN with good practical and theoretical knowledge, to take chlrge of large plant ; good wages to tharough'y compeent and reliable man.---Address etatinz age, past experienc-atc., R. 0., " lixaminer " Office, Warrington.

TTAY AND CORN BARN3.—Dlaon's Steel and Iron Sheds 11. are the most economical- and eilielent, and save their cost In very few years; catalogues fres —lea LC DIX & Co., Windsor Ironworks, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

KN.!, OKSitS I KB PICKERSI I IGNACKRItS !I I Best possible prices glven for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance op to 16 miles-11.Am TOoLE AND Sows LTD., Manure Menu- facturtrs, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

QICIN MlA.UTlFlBlL—ldarvelloas dissovery of prepara. tion for allaying Irritation, healing sores, pimples, Bm., and making the alun peeectly smoith. Sample tin,post free ls.,from NUTKIni 14 Braithway rd., Southflelds, London.

LeLBCTRICIIY WORKS PUPIL Required, to assitt Xi engineer and gain practical experience in all duties ; applicant to be well educated and have (preferably) worked in engineering shops ; small premium required, part returned In salary.—Address, by letter, DUMFRIES ELECTRICITY WORKS, Dumfries, N.D.

14 AXE MONEY.—An ideal occupattan, exceedingly pro- -1!L fit‘b'e, wbich can be worked fro nT your home practi- cally w thlut capital.—Stamped enselope far particulars, CHELSEA CLARK t CO , Queen's Buildings, Stockport.

OUR OPPORTUNITY.--Write at once for particulars of an honest, pleasaat, and profitable Ruston:a for wh.le or spare time; not Rubber Stamps nor No-called Stock Exchange Speculations. but a genuine Business with enor- mous posflbillties, which can be started without capital.—. DEKKO SUPPLY Co., 235, High Holborn, London, W.U.

I'A171)601'411 PAIR of guaranteed Bowling Green Bowls, In B4lze-lined Leather ()sae, with lock, 15m. complete ; money returned if not sp.:moved. When ordering, say if for fist or crown green.—Lniinoe's, 38 Staniehltl, Manchester.

PHIICAWARD.—SpeciaI Selling Line; Flowerpot', Swan", V Vases ; sample orates 104. 205., Ms., 655. each ; goods despatched on receipt of cash. carriage forward.— A. T. 0. Co. Manufacturers' Agent", Acocks Green, D'oacn.

j;ILT ED DING GlFT.—Lady offers magnificent 6-guinea 17 sew vice Al quality Plate (staruvazl). Six each, tabie, deg•ett moons, totics, tea and e,rg Ppoons (36 pli•ces). (Intone I Aceet.t 25'. Approval willingly.— Letters only, Mrs. VT., 126, High rd., Chitalck.

BUDDER GOODS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Aop'iancee half usual prices ; valuable infor- mation and Illustrated Mt Lee ; four splendid eatnplee lc., or ten assotted 2.. Ed. (worth DoBELAN Co., Manufacturers, Robson 0., West Norwood, London. INI.ILiICm-071113,1/ :ildekeCe 040.-24eGligneu)s f7odr e a.lc smokedta: lean.honms,lel:s, flitches (aboot 14 1b..), Ed. lb ; pale drlei same prier's. Ether carriage paid anywhere. C.oh with order.—M. OODECUSF, Dairy Farming Co., NOrttifield, Worcs.

YAM DO IT NOW, rend 2 penny stamps floT. StnlD for psrticohtrs eto , how to secure GOLD PIINDANT thla 91)304 °ff.r and highest grade CHAnIAINO guaranteed lIIOYOLDi st 'Trade urines. COLOURED Novelties. LONDON t PROVINCIAL MINIAIURR, rupply Co.. 6, Roo I lane. Londm,

STSIRILE MARRIAGT.—Ita Causes and Curative Treaty merit. By a late 'enor Physician to a Hospital for Women. A New Edition. Jeut published Poet free, e. 9d.--EitaLLET A Co., LTD., 38, Etiseeehureb, it. London

L"DON ADDRESS (close to National Gallery).—Charge of letters, papers, and hoiks undertalom by rtsponslble tenant. already entrusted with valuable documents ; use of telephone ; expert clericil a55151an03 if requirel ; quiet writing-room. Highest nterence;. Molerata fees.—Mrs. REILLY, 28 Whitecomb it., London, W.O.

,jOT4ING equals Doctor "Maser's world-famed Cure for 111 Catarrab, Hay Fever, Colds, Asthma, Bronnitls, and Lung affections generally. L trge trial package free.—Write t--day, J. HOWARD Cromer rd. Bouttiend-on-Se.

VD! do you wAnt besutlful Hair ?If to, use our Shampoo Powder, made from the prescription of an eminent American specialist ; once used al. aye used ; removes all grease, and stops the hair from falling out; send P.O. fcr it. Id. for sample packet of two.—fa Bum Tem= SPECIALITE C0.,45, Prince of Wales rd.,London, N.W.

DOUG LA.B.-11AVI4Nd WOOD, Mona. Drive.—Thirty light airy bedrooms. Close to Palacc. —Boating. bathing and all amusements. Done Oars to and from pier. Board optional. Liberal table. Terms moderate.—Mrs. W. H. muosre. TLIBLIND.—" Bunshine House," Whitehead. PRIVATE HUM, beautifully situated own grounds, close to sea, Golf, boating and fishing. Blackhead with its towering peikr, caves, and winding paha adjoin. Tne scearly is charming and an ideal spot for a holiday rest. Terms on application to Mrs. WYLIP.

JI LAISIDUDNO SeaCeld, Parade.—Bosrd residence, or private Apartments ; splendid positlon ; 1103 front ; hlghly recommended; msderate Inclus.ve term,. —J. Kuterup. y Luzinmso.-" Strathmore G BIARDIN E3TAB- .L4 LISHMENT, Mostyn-avenue ; south aspect one minute from Promenade; newjy furnished ; public and private rooms; moderate terms brs application. —A. EMERY, Proprietress.

LANGOLLTM—T iLBOT HOTHL(min;. from station). 1.1 Church it.. Good accommodation for cyclists and boarding visitors ; fishing ; parties catered for. —EDWIN Evlsosi, Proprietor.

MELD THNIPHRANCH HOZEL,NBWTONMOLLB,Invernees- I_ shire. Bracing hill resort. Fishing, exo-qient golf course 13 holes. Q tarter vnll train station. Gioi cookinz. Terms moderate —Jour SIMPBorI, Proprietor.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HGTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUASH. HOME CONTORTS, CLELNLINESS AND QUIET: C ENTBAL YOU BUSINESS Oa PLEASURE.

PEEBLES HOTEL HYDRO. THE MOST SUMPTUOUSLY APPOINTED ESTABLISHMENT OP. ITS KIND IN GREAT BRITAIN. PURE Air, Lovely Situation, Excellent Cuisine, Electdo Light, Passenger Lift, Charming Oro and;. GOLF, TENNIS, CROQUET, and so,vmsci GREENS, GOOD FISHING. GOLF —IS-hole Golf Course, Motor Cars en Hire. Tally Excursions by Motor Char-a-Bar e. All the Latest BATHS, ELECTRIC TREATMENT for Rheumatism, Gout, SCiatlCEt, Obesity. &e. Resident Medical Spec!aiist. Send for Illustrated Tariff, A. M. THIBM, DIRECTOR.

sourliFOßT IikYES'S RESTAURxNT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE) 38, cIIAPEF,STREhIr. .ITIMATES ORTON, CRO/R PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS TROY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASEIIRE. Telephone 0165. THE OLDEST BSTABLISHED RESIADRANE IN TOWN.

DOUGLAS. —MAYER'S, " Fah haven," 6, Rnepire terra6e.— P.PAHTSIIT3, board optional ;ie 'view.; delightfully intqated ; centaal. Ahla Plicate Sitting-room. DUBLIN. —Axatllent ACCOIIMODATION. Dining and eittingroome. Piano ; b.ith ; central ; moderate.-1?, UARDINER'I3 PLACE.

TaGENSIONT.- MAYFIRE..II, 29, Seabank rd.—Superlor Li Apartments, overlooking river, with or without board ; good cooking and ettendanee.—Mrs. Itorzrzs. - FARMHOUSE{ APARTMHNTS, parlour And bedroOrn ; mountain soenery.—Mra. D. JONES, Highfralls, Hope btation, via Cheater.

FURN HODS“ or APARTMISNTS (comfortable.), garden, station, trout fishing available.—DiE MaKez, Hooknorton, Danbury. lANl'r3 CAUSEWAY, Ireland.—BOAND AND LODG- INGS in farmhouse ; bathroom, lavatories. hot and cold water ; convenient to sea and trio ; terms moderate.— Apply to Mrs. TODD, Avondale. Carnside, Giant's Causeway.

A BRRYSTWYTH—Oomfortable APARTIIENTS, moderate terms ; five minutes from sea and two from ststion.— JENKINS, Rrynhilde, Thievish rd.

ABIIRYSTWYTH.—APARIATIINTS ; moderate terms healthily situated ; close to castle, beach, promenade use of pIano.—HUGHES. Bodator, Sea View Place.

r_T RLSBY.—PRRMANBNT APAItTAIH.I rd. beautifully l__L 6ltuated on hill side ; terms moderate. References exchanged,—Addreas W.T.K.."Examiner" Office,Warrington. HOLIDAY ROME or °ABP.—Bed eni Board weekly from 1 guinea.—Proapeetus an't testimoniala from 81,CRETABY, , Elephant Lodge, Blackpoot•

LlNGOLLlM—Furnishel Rooms or APAR r beautiful, healthy situation ; 3 edrooms (4 beds); sitting-room, kitchen ; moderate terms.—Llohme, Birch Cottage, Rglwrseg.

I LANGOLLEN.—kuperlor Farmhouse APARTMENTS, I/ four bedrooms, two eittingroorne. Stabling H requlred. Close to hllls, lovely soenery. Ten minutes from. station. Excellent main roai—WiLmams, Abbey Fsrm.

A, 1 ORRQAMBR, %N.H.—Public and Priv•de APART- _aI ADMITS near pier and tram. Board Ir requlrol. aoo I cycle accommodition. Beds 23.—Mrs. TORKINGTOS, 39, Regent rd.

A NOLBSRA.—SITTIN(3. three BSDISOLIMS ; between Beultech and hloelfra ; few minutes to Beach. Coking and attendance. Terms moderste.—Owsw, florphuyf a, Marlanglas. Angleses.

(near.)— APARTMENTS ( A NEAN, 81.13. superior) : all mOdern conveniences ; eel bathing, golf, fishing ; ci,s3 to rail, post, telegraph.— KERR, 8, Queensbury terrace. Cummertrees, nr. Ann Ari,

TtJRW BRlOHTON.—Handsome Sunny Seleot A.PART- .LI MB'S. Heal. West Situation. Near Tower, Sands, PiProts ; (100 amusensente.) Moderate.—. HELTHERDENE,.. 72, rowans et.

pSNSAIIN, Abbrgele. Comfortable, well-furnished APARTSIBUTS, close to sea.—Miss Joxts, Maldwyn. DW LLIIISLT.—F u oerior APARTMII3I9, terms moderate. —Apply Hoax., linlanfa, south Beach (late Tor werth Rouse).

J3nLeit.)KPOOL.—APARTMSNTS with or without t.oArd. Private mom. Also c:,mblnecl room. Terms moderate. One rniuutolixA rd. Statiou.—Mr. ELLWOOD, 5, llpp,r Queen at.

D LICH POOL, South Shore.- Publia snd Private APART- -1-11 ; borne comforts ; oue minute to pier an I ration ; board optional.—UrTLEmonE, laugaley House, .69, Station rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Yirs. WIDDCP, Healey House, 19,Vanse rd Comfortable APARTMHDIT3, with or without boAr3 reasonable charges ; three m;nutes trona Central Station and sea; piano.

PWLLHHLI.--Superlor APARTNIENN, 10 minutes to beach ; golf and tennis near. Good cooking and attend- ance. 6even bedrooms. three reception rooms ; highest references.—A. Hulas:mime, Hill tilde.

BAR MOUTH (NORTH WALES).—By direction of the Mortgagees. THE UNRIVALLED FREEHOLD RESIDENTIAL OR BUILDING ESTATE KNOWN AS OEIIII,ION HALL, BARMOUTH, North Wales, of unsurpassed beauty of situation, comprising 24 acres, wick sup3rb and weit-t,imbered grounds, winding terraced roads and walks, frontages to Dolgetly`road and the famed Panorarna-road, aith a commodious residence known as ()Helton Hall Hotel and Lawrenny Lodge and grounds adj Aning, the whole overlooking the teautiful estuary of the fdawddaela, the cumin, and Ceder Idris. There ia an ex 'ellent water supply, and modern +ewers run through the property, which offer a unique opportunity for the ereation of marine residences. Golf, boating. bathing, fisLlng, and ehootia,g are available. Also Opticns on the Residential Properties immediately adjoining and known as 1, Borthween-terrao., Fenralit No;. 1 and 2, Aberatafra-terrace, The Haven. Brynhyfryd, and The Bungalow. 2 he property is very suitable for a high-class Hotel, which la very much needed at Barmouth. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY MESSRS. DOUGLAS YOUNG 8: CO., ON THUBEDAY, 2x3:. JULY, 1908, at The Mart, Tokenhouse Yard, London, 8.0., at Two o'cicc't precisely (if not sold by private tteaty). Plant and illuttratel particulars of isle, and cards to view, may be obtained of Ileum Freeman and Sons, solicitors. 30a, George-street, Hanover.a waste, London ; F. W. MARKHAM, Esq., land agent and surveyor, 64, Bricl4e-ttreet. Manchester (TeleF hone No. 542 U) ;ltdwia Blakey, Req., estate agent, Barmouth ; or of the Auctioneers, 51, Coleman- street, I oodon. 8.0. (Telephone 3345 Wall, 15577 Central).

rilliantliV.—APAriTkiliNTE3,* with or Mthoet board; Jl. mcderAte ellargea ; ga.Jd cooAriz—Mrs. dl) WARDS, Aber Denim Trefriw.

WARRINGTON WALKING- DAY.—Visit the old- fashioned (private) 13laok and White House, Croft. near Wairington Pie-aio and School Parties catered for. Large field attached for gain es.Stabling.—A pply W. UKDOICK,

IiRVAN.W RIfaISTRY BUSINEES on sale as going 0 concern ; 12 years 0000e3t101, eaiy rant. With or with- out furniture: suit young cuupla, or widow.—r:LaT.in'a CENTRAL REGISTRY, Bradford YorkLhire.

lt/i BAT little CHIP,FISH an 4 TELIPIC 8U51Ni138,613, Cart " wright st., Warriu,ttou ; splen lid fittings and fixtures, cost ever B.?,0 ; will sac:lnca for £l4, a Iiving.—COWDELL, Business Agent, 31, Legh st., Warrington.

TO I SOLD.--FANOY DHAPREY & DRESnEAKING- BIMINEC:S, six miles ,from Manche' ; low rent ; excellent stand ; car terminus ; present oce-apier retiring. Stock and Fixtures, ENO. —Address In first instance to F. E., " Examiner " Office, Warrington. No agents.

vi-ONRY UNDBA WILL 3 or ElBBDS.—Persons entitled 11l to Gish or Proper:y at death or other) or to Life Incomes can Borrow et Bal-.llr Hate. or dell. Aivice free.— Meeare. NioViTrirve, 31, lifoorfielda, Liverbool.

lONEY LENT DAILY, £5 T) £l,OOO. LOAN £5 lIRPATES 12 6 I £23 lIRPAY £22 10 LOAN £lO 1111 PAY £ll 5 I £3) napAr i 3 15 W. JACKSON, 36 CROSFIRLD tIT., WARRINGTON.

EXPECTATIONS UNDER WILL 9, MARRIAGE SIITTLRMENTO, LIFE INTEREST, &c Per-coat ENTITLED can have an ADVANCE TO ANY AIsIOUNI from 4 per cent. per annum, speedily negctiated. If preferred Loan n d Interest can be RE YA.1111.3 when LEQACLE 3 are paid. No preliminary charges. E. EDWALIDF, 21, VENICE CHAMEERS, 61, LORD ST., LIVERPOOL. AT MANCHESTER DAILY.

PLEASR NOTF: ADDRE99- 2, THYNNII STRIIIIT. WARRINGTON. (lASI ADVANCED PRIVATELY on day of 1.) application at a lower rate of interest and repayment than any other ofs3e In town. and at the. f Alewing easy repayments : £5 lion 18.6d. Weekly I £2O Loan ss. 0. Weekly £l.O Loan.... ..... 3s. Ocl. Weekly I £5O Loan 13a. 61. Weekly THIS 16 GRNUINit. arger sums In same proportion. Other terra can be rnutKally arranged. Special terms to farmers and shop- keepers. Distance no ohject. Apply fn confldenoe personally, or by letter, to the Actual Leu:::er. J. LORD, 2, TiIYNNIS tatuvir, off Parker street (near Ratak Qaay Station), WARRINGTOL

rill/ 8.5.: mOLD BY AUUTEUS BY 131 ESSlts*. A. 111 CHARD GREISNOUGH 3s SON, AT THII RAVSN HOTRL, ST. H SLRNS, 03 TUESDAY, £llll 23RD DAY OF JUNR 1928, at 6 p en. prompt, subj-ct to conditi ms of sale. L T I,—The freehold premi.es formerly used as a Public- house and then known as the Newrnsrket Hotel, situate in Naylor-street, St. Helens, and also the shop aoj scent thsreto in Saylor-street. The Shop is let at a yewly rental of £41:1 and the other premises are in hand. This lot is sold subject to the payment of a yearly rent charge of £25 Ile. id. LOT 2.—The Freehold Premises formerly used as a Public- house and then known as the Nancy Hotel, Pocket Nook- street, St. Helens, and now let on a weekly tenancy. LOT 3.-1 he Leasehold Premises formerly used as a Beer- house and then known as The Brian Boron Inn situate in SandEeld Crescent, Greenbank, St. Helens. Term 999 years r om 1851. Subject to a yearly ground rent o£7 18s. 83. LOT 4. -The Leasehold Premises formerly used as a Beer- house and then known as The Wheat Sheaf Inn situate in. College-street, Gererds Bridge, Si. Helens. Together witts the Stable behind the same. Term 199 years from I'M:- Apportioned yearly ground rent El. The mines nod minerals underlying this lot are reserved with power to got the same but not to damage the surface. I For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Messrs. 1 RICHARD GRHENOUOII 8G dON, Silk-MX.2a, Lein, Or V) I Menus. Marsh, don and Calvet', Solicitors, Doat,oes Naok, I Leigh. Be 11. H. Pearson under Deed of Assignment for Benefit of Creditors. IMPORTANT PHSRNIPTOIIY SALM, at 3% WILSON-PATTON-STaItNT, WARRINGTON. s&11080301,N Rhangse(reei,carati:reedi MRS! nSs tRrSu .c t !lel:1111i rile) mi CBI( ".trAmN accountant), the trustee herein. to SSLL BY AUCTION, on Thursday and Friday next, June 25th and 23th, 1903, the - wbole of the very valuable HOUSPiHOLO APPOINTMENTS, .) being the entire contents of Drawing-roam, Eatrance Hall, - Dining-room, Bathroom, and Dressing-rooms, three Bed- rooms, Staircases, Landings, and Attics, Kitehens and Cellars.—Bedroonas r Brass beds:real' and wire mattresses, mahogany bedroom suites, prime feather beds, bolsters and. : pillows, hair mattresses, Persian rugs, Brussels carpets.. bed linen, pictures, sta. Landing, Attica and Stair- , 4 cases : Axminster hall and et dr carpets, linoleum, hall chairs, inlaid card table, grandfather's &c.c.s, barometer. , pictures, brass stair rods, 250 vols, books, cutlery, glassware, oak chest, 2 wood bowls, 2 sets golf clubs, Ai , de., Linen : Blankets, sheets, towels, quilts, damask curtains, doyleys, linen table cloths, cover, Ste. Jewellery: 2 valuable diamond rings, lady's gold watch, gent's gold watch and chsin, 2 gold rings, 2 necklaces, tr'nkets, do. Drawing-room: Magaitinent Bechstein pianoforte, Axminster carpets ant rugs, mahogany tables and Chesterfield sottee arm and oecassionat chairs, cartlains and po'es, sr. irrcrs, flavor vases, Parham figures, Dresden ornaments, valuable oil paintings by Christmas Thompson, water-dolour drawings by Pollltt and others. 12 crayons by G. 8 heftiald, Co:a:port vases, silver, cut glassware, cushions, covers, Ac. Pining-room : Mahogany dining table ia'airl Sheraton sideboard, Turkey carpet and rug, Chippendale cis sire, music cabinet, electro-plated goods, Cutlery, Ac., and eantents of kitshens, cellars and outdoor effects. The whole set forth in detailed catalogues, which may be had frost the Auctioneers, Lyme-street, Warrington, two days prior to the sale. Goode on view on Wednesday next, June 21th. Admissian by catalogue. Sale to commence each day at one o'clock prompt. Order of sale : First day, contents of kitchen, bedrooms. &s. Second day, contents of drawing and dining rooms, hall, pictures, jewellery, lice's, catiery, tsc. Fur further particulars apply to the auctioneers, Msesrs. Bertram Siloock and Co., chartered accountants ; or to Messrs. Forshaw and Ferahaw, solicitors, Suez-street, all of Warrington.

NO FS! NO FINES I I NO PUBLICITY 1 I D 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DALLY, in ?Ted STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable Householders, Tradespeople, Farmers, a,:d all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bon Semen, " on simple promissory note only," at reasonabte interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object.. Vail or write in confidence to THI CHNHIIIH ADVANCE 00., 25 Cairo at., Sankey at.. Warrington ; also at 10, Greenwood it.. Altrinchain. Head Office 329, Waterloo rd., Manchester. All applications and letters promptly a,toniorl to.

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCEi MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respeot• toue on their own 683arity, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT 01, TRE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runeorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their Mtn Homes.

'Ube Oraminer g-ltrtis THE WARRINGTON & !SID-CHRSIIIRE EXAMINER s published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district coyerei by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in !south Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. gibui RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper la the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilitiet to Advertisers. pan WIDNES EX 4.7,11NER. published every marrirday, .1 morning. Whines contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of Industry. THE RAMLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER. 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydoak, Low Lon &e. The district time comprised Is a most Important part of the Lancashire coal rilau llelds, ST. HELENS EXAMaansit, publishad every 1 Saturday morning eireulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, do.— the centre of the Orast Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pitEPAID A BYERTIESIENT,3 APARTMENT'S WANTED, HOUSES W&NTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO E 3 SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLAIIiOUS WANTS ARTICLES POUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three 81: Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Os. Ed. ... la. 3d. ... Es. Od. Is. , 27 ... Cs. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... Is. Od. eid. 38 ... 11. ed. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. Si. Cd. 45 .:. Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. Is. Od. 71. ed. 64 ... Is. BA. ... 3s. Ed. ... lia, Od. 10s. Od.

THE EXAMINER. JUNE 20th, 1908. .

fam £5,00J ADVANCED by PRIVATE 0z...,1k7 MINORU 0:3 SIMSLIA PROMISSORY NOM. No Pills of Sale taken, and absolute privacy gusranteed. First letter of application ['neva prompt attention. and intending borrowers are waited upon by a represenl-ative who is empowered to complete tra,.saction on terms mutu- ally arranged, NO COARIM BRING M 1.0131 UNLIES3 INISINGSS AcruALLy ootIPLEIRD.ASpeciaI quotations tor Short Loans. Write In confidence to— KM T. POLLITT, 30, OLDIE/al ROAD, MANCHIVITBR. •

To AN Y PERSON married or single WORTHY OF CRFDIT 0,000 can have money on note of hand only ObIiJERMS at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DEFYING r get a loan without the usual loan office COMPETITION. routine and without fees. Our Motto Is straightforward Lanoashire dealings. Losns can be pail as follows or otherwise. £3 loan Is. weekly £lO loan 2s. 61. weekly £5 is. 6d. £2O „ 6s. £7 „ Os. £5O , 123. 61.„ The above terms are altered by mutual arrangement. Foisting loans paid off and inareased. Call or write MAI:TRIM? & Co., Mess C. OOTTRRILL (Maxsoaaose), 31, CAIRO STRICRT, WARRINGTON. - N.8.-PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

TO £5,000 DAILY 0 Lowizsr INTEREST IN EINCILIND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 loan, Repay 101. weekly £lO „ „ 4,. „ £33 „ „ 12s. £l5 „ „ 63. „ £53 „ „ Vs. „ £2O „ „ Se. „ £lOO „ „ 355. „ No Burettes, no telay, no Publicity. Special attentloa 'applicants from this el:strict. lIMTROPOLITAN L9AN& DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK SP., OXFORD RD., IFANCREC3TRII ; and at 87, 910roRTA 1111„ NoUTFIWIOH, 65 ,EDLESTON RD. (corner of Ovum St.), caRSVE, 8, TRENTIIAIL BT., RUNCORN.

Tailoring that fits. AT LESS THAN CITY PRICES. ROBERT WOOD/ TAILOR AND COSTUMIER, 5, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

CHILDREI N SLEEP WELL I ......... _.„-..,,......... when they are healthy and their , food is doing its proper work. j THE BEST FOOD IS ' :i!ave9s Food. N. . which for more than So years has 4 helped to preserve and build up the young life of the Country. When prepared according to the direc- tions given, it is easily digested and assimilated by the most delicate Infant and forms , A COMPLETE DIET.

DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS Arelainew remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Ba'lkache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all diseases'ofthe Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet hreettimes a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain Backache, /&c. Wrltejat once enclosing 52 stamps forone box or 33 stamps or 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICI:4E CD.. 6; NELSON SQUARE, SOUTNwARK, LONDON, S.E,

FLAVOURED WITH RIPELFRUIT JUICES. CHIVERS' THE LANCET :—" An excellent Jelly, possessing flavor of quite a natural character." GOLD JELLIES MEDAL • __ THE FAMILY DOCTOR SAYS :—" We have nothing 1% but unquidifled praise, for they are Absolutely Pure wril free from adulteration." CHIVERS I& SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. .7 FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM FACTORY.

47ravy ocoiata • „ , MI LK • /csr 9 2 skindOrd PURI.67:

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has eert kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured. even when doctors have despaired. Frae for lotamps. GRANNIE COMPANY. NORWICH

C•..be \ 2 C iel'\3C•.. . be ' N . .9 C aor'N.9C•S N . 2 1 C • a ie ''. 1 C ..,* i on the subject of Health aire the Only acceptable pronouncements. 7TRUTHS Exaggerated statements end by convincing no one—rather do they create suspicion, and plve rise to doubt. But you may safely listen 7 to universal opinion. The public have for long known the value of Beecham's Pills in cases of disorder and irregularity of the Stomach, fßroo\mvelsi,aLdiveexrp, earniedncKeidntriay ts.anTohcocuassainodnsalofdomseenoefnßdewohmamen,sknpoillivs Z will promote the healthy action of these organs, and that all the 7 good things heard on every hand ABOUT i this medicine, are true in the strictest sense. Most people desire a specific that can be depended upon at all times to correct the vital functions when they are out of order and Nature calls for some Theyassistance. wilwill p put youuch ar 1h andpreparation ke keep youayb p e uf found the Ine ink BEaErC H ATll;ll'eSy have Pl PILLS. proved an immense boon to many thousands of men and women all over the world. It Is just as certain that they will benefit you— and this is a plain truth you may accept and act upon in regard to ‘ 4, 1 . ~,a• cLi,?: "'• . , 1 7 - ". 4) . J . -it ,a. ~ • 44 or 10 i t_, , ~. • i ' 4,ef. e el el ..................---...--_-_,. . Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1111 (56 pills) & 219 (163 pills). Ir.•NDEr.%%., C%%5!,,, C%....j.t"..."•42 r**%ftgin C*%•...iDErea 4:**:::346ra C..k,41.20

TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL. The Rate of Wages at Wlnwlek Asylum The monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council was held in the Independent Labour Party rooms on Tuesday evening, the president (Mr. W. H. Richardson) in the chair. At the last meeting a resolution was passed opposing the conversion of the Royal London Friendly Society into a Mutual Insurance Society. The CHAIRMAN said that if he understood Mr. Moorfleld aright, ha told them it was going to he converted into a limited company. Mr. MOOR VIELD : A mutual company. The CHAIRMAN : I understood a limited company. Continuing the chairman said he had heard a good deal about the matter and he did not think they were justified in passing the resolution,because from what he could see —of course, he was not an insurance agent and did not know as much about it as Mr. Moorfleld—he did not think it would be detrimental to the interests of the members in converting the society into a mutual society. Neither would it be detrimental to the agents. As far as he could see the agents would be inn better rosition. Mr. MOORFIELD said the agents were against it. It was a step in the right direction in passing that resolu- tion. The Council passed on to the next business. THE HOURS OF LABOUR. The SECRETARY (Mr. E. Plinston) read a letter from the Bolton Trades and Labour Counoil, which stated that Mr. Gill, M.P., had charge of a Bill which was now before Parlinment to abolish the system of one man being in charge of two horses and two carts, and to otherwise regulate the hours of labour. They asked the Warrington Trades Council to forward a resolution to their Member, asking him to push forward the Bill to the best of his ability. Mr. PLUMB moved that that course be adopted. Mr. PODMORE seconded and the motion was carried. THE WAGES QUESTION. Councillor STOTT said an effort had been made to persuade the Asylums Board to adopt Trades Union rate of wages with regard to all men employed at Winwick Asylum. An important factor had been decided, and that was that men temporarily employed at the as lam were now paid Trades Union wages, and worked under Trades Union conditions.' The full Trades Union rate of wages would not be paid to the permanent staff. In many instances a very large increase of wages bad been secured by these alterations. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN said they were all very pleased to see Councillor Stott with them that night. (Hear, bear.) He moved a vote of thanks to him for hi 3 presence and his words. There was a chorus of seconders and the motion was carried unanimously. VACANCIES. Owing to Councillor Stott and Mr. H. Ifigginbotom leaving the:Council, Messrs. Moorfield end Owen were appointed in their places on tha Executive Committee of the Council.

Op PM -ABOUT ~... :-.„ r:4-0; . , ,-- ~',.. ,- i ,e ,' i• :le q .. •kr I:, ~--' A,- ' 4 4 1- -.1 ' `.,:r- ."- .:' , so I. Distinctive Britilancll of Tone. 11. TVIiC3 the Life of other alio 9 kintis. 1 A test at any one of the so,ooo Columbia dealers 19 sl,ops will pew, Pont, I The experience of users everywhere confirms Pointexperience Columbia Records fit any talking roadune ald 6 us for Ltts:,.tri.d.„.b,..ta,rytch;lll:lery or rr tclLbetil.AilVte phone catalogue sent also on request. 0 COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH COMPANY, Gull. (Dept. no), -111 NO" 64 6' 66, OXFORD ST., "q 'Ai LONDON, W. 8 Gia.sgow. Manchester. .J Cardiff. 1 RECORD 3 fr, ..—.. .. 4,

6)i. ...... ... ... . ._ ..., A I e --, N 1191#7.7 e ' •,:' 1 )1( - , 47 i INIlt,---N, 71., COMA. A /. I ....: fdt 111 r A 0 i. it 7 0 \ i ': ' .uoiro.nuFtcm ipilk .....-.: OF CO iiiGlV,..f, LARGE AA, ...IL, AND ALL GROCERS.

BOLD EVERIT7HBRII at ls. 11.. 2t. ed.,40.64., and 11, oy tobr LUNG T0N1C,4,..,rg,.. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, Etc

: .• E AT.. I NO:- flowDE _ K I LLS ,FLEAS BUGS- FLIES

THE PROPERTY INVESTMENT BANK, LIMITED. HEAD OFFICE :-4, ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER. SICKNESS & ACCIDENT INSURANCE. The Best Spare Time Agency. The tables of this Company are liberal, an.. appeal to all classes. The policy covers all Accidents, and every form of Sickness. WHY PAY RENT? Our System stands unrivalled. The Company will build you a house, by your placing a Deposit with them. The facilities offered are unequalled by any other Company. Send for Prospectus. Wanted good men in all districts. Smart and reliable men can obtain first-class positions. Apply as above.

Thirsty? rrf°4 /NY • d„arkeihin, the whiq, ht°°.4 oq 423'khrut IwAstoilpe elJloa, phkt, ere . c,„ ~0, • 4.: A5t71:44qh4Q747g..,..7r,":` . natron r "J. 8 'n4tloo. rs'n, • 3; 40Emr, w AN ent Send Tap • •WBALL • 3 fieti7n.14.0,4 . -•: ekun. Good! It's Mason's.-

TINS WWl'

, . , 4 n '..... - , ..--, ,t,i c < p A . ..„.2m....,,,....,.„. . _. _, ‘,. .. ~.,.......es _ . , PARCHMENT i NOTEPAPER .I,ENVELOPES, 4 , & CORRESPONDENCE CARDS. -P‘R Sow „ ii4diri....: . irurEs. -, Of all Stat. Vnia )04W5,,, P.O. direct to - P U itiflt kg, .APERAutis CO., , _ 17 & 18. CV'EarltStibet, Long Acre, for'SlieElii4D-Box.

TAILOR-MADE COSTUME SKIRTS. rior Vicunas, Serges, 4/11 .io.ii.e.eu(l,..s„:l3clacHeatil,rr Mixtures. k, avy, Brown, Green, Grey. Trimmed silk braid and velvet buttons. Send front length and waist measures. Carriage sd. extra. Money re- turnedln"Pe if not satisfied. James Lodge Le Co., Dept. 7, Beaton, Loads.

50,000,000 ACRES (Fifty Million Acres) of LAND open for SETTLERS In WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Free Grants of 160 Acres. Persons of good character, possessing knowledge of any class of agricultural work, are offered , ASSISTED PASSAGES From £5 to £7. 10s. Domestic Servants also wanted. For Illustrated Pamphlets and further particulars apply to the Agent-General for Western Australia, rs, Victoria Street, London, S.W.

_ Royal Navy Indigo Blue Serge Suits 21s. TO MEASURE. These Serge Suits are guaranteed Dye, usral price 424., but are now being sold by me Ist a Guinea simply as an Advertisement. Thom) wishing to secure this Bargain should orcer at once, or Pattern and Self-measurement Form will be sent on receipt of post card.—. Jous, the Noted Tailor, 117 High Street, Camden Town, London.

1/Two Bottles Whisky of the best and cheapest ever offered, entirely reliable as to by genuine age and quality, post free for 6,-, direct pAst f;i4oanatt SOLE hew GP it to Oa Poll IO 50n,,1 S : Perth, N.E. Li bd. 'Soo.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION Thissucc''sful po- pular remedy, used in continental i-iospitals by Ricord, Rostan,Jobert,Velp- eat, & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impuritvof blood,spots,blotches,pain & swellingofjcints, kidney,Madder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischaties, piles, gravel,pains in bacic goutrheumatism,eshaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three 'forms, Nos.l, 2& 3, according, to diseases. Price 2,(9 (particulars Id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co,Haver. stock Road,Hampstead, Londondk principal Chmnists.

.• L 4l. e • 1." #. • " , Ir :la\ am, , ,sk,`.•_,"-f-X co k.• BSO • 0,44 • Ar, 4 4.. 44, ...Fi1;1444 !'•• 3 -- * A A 9 : - • tv, . .

DOUNO TIMMS are the greatest discovery that I ONAL known for the cure of ABS Nervous Debility, Indiges- tion, Constipation, Sluggish Liver, /co. They recommend themselves. Boxes Is. led. and 2s. 9d., or sample 3 stamps, r the Timsts W., 23 Uravna st., W.C.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.- Latest Qaotatioas BANK RATE 21% SUPPING DAY JUNE 26TH 1908. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES-FRIDAY NOON.- Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this dal. • BRITESEI FUNDS. Consols 21% 100 93 27% Annuities 100 -92 21% Annuities 100 -SG Nt. War Loan 27% Re 1 1910 lOO ..109• Local Loans Stook 1912 lOO 99 Bank of England Stook lOO ...270 India Stock 100 _ma BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .351 L incashire and Yorkshire lO ..15. London and County 21 01 London and Westminster '11) ..521 Manchester and Cannty . l7 ...57 Manchester and Liverpool 01str1ct12 ...461 - Parrs 2O .35 Union of London 151 ... 35 Union of Manchester ll .25 Williams Deaeons 8 ...25 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool 84 Fleetw'd Tramroad lO British Electric Traction Ord. lO Southport Tramways 5 -31 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 ...87 Glasgow & S.-W Prof. Ord 100 ...58 Great Central Deferred 100 ...131 Great Central Preferred lOO ...24 Groat Eastern lOO ...70 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. 100 -40 Great Western lOO .123 Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ..93 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO -1011 London Chatham and Dover lOO ...13 London and North-Western lOO .133 London and South-Western lOO ...115 Metropolitan lOO .42 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO .582 Do. Prof. Corral. Ord. lOO .031 North British lOO .34 North Eastern Consols lOO _l3l • North Staffordshire lOO South Eastern lOO ..67 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific . 109 ..IG4 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO 17 Do. Guaranteed 100 ...9D Do. Ist Pref. lOO -100 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO ..87 Do. 3rd Pref lOO ...431 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO 19f- do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Prof 10 ...231G. BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and G retton 5% Cum. Prof. 10 ...160 Bell and Co. Ord lO -.10 Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO ' ...5 Chester's Ord lO .10 Groves & Whitnall 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...61 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. —.lOO -605 Parker's Burslem Ord. lO ...9 Springwell Ord. Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ...2 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 -81 INDUSTRIALS, &C Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Corn. Pref. 1 -171- Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1...20'0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 23,'0 Bradford Dyers 5% Corn. Pref. 1 -.22/- British Insulated and Helsb Cables Ord Y 5 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Corn. Prof 5 .61 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...9s/3 xcit Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO -161 xl Buxton Lime Firms lO G Calico Printers Ordinary 1 7/9 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 . .27/- Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ..8f Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Prof lO .. 91 Crosfields, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred, Deb. lOO 93 Crosfield, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO ...92 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 3010 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO 87 ad do. do. do. do. 13 8 -67 sci Fletcher Russell & Co, Ltd., Ordl ...22/- Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO -.111 4% Dabs. Red. 100 ...93 Hunters the Teamen Ord. I ..321- Lever Brothers, 5% Cant. Pref 10 111 Lipton Ordinary 1. ...2715 Mond Nickel Co.. Ltd., Ord. 1 ...54f. do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 ...6; Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Pref. 5 .4 Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Prof. 621 .70 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 .31 do. do. 6% Cam. Prof. 5 Public Banefit Bmt 6% Cum. Pref.s ...if Perrins Ltd. Ord. l. ...l Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord ...351- Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Corn. Pref. 4 ..5; Salt Union Ordinary United Alkali Alkali Ordinary . 10 .47/6 do. do. 7% Cum. Prof. lO .11 do. do. Deb. . 100 ...110 Vulcan Foundry 1 .29/6 Wigan Coal & iron Co., Ltd.... .. 7l ...GI do. do. do. do. do. lO ..9 Warrington Land & Property Co., Ltd. Ord. I ...20/- do. do. do - B Shares 7 ..6 Warrington and District Billpost- ing it Advt. Co., Ltd. 1716...1716 MINES. Brittsh South Africa (Char, 1 ...16/3 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 -75/- East Rand Proprietary • I .. 4 Hendersons I .316 s.s. Johannesburg Consolidated 1..19/- Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ..18/- Oceanas 1 ...12f3 Rand Mines 5/- -61 Randfonteins 1 23/.3 Rhudesia. Exploration 1 .17/- Tanganyika 1 ..75 f. Transvaal Estates 1 ...11/- Zinc Corporation TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Oral ...100 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO ...109 do. Def. Ord. lOO ...114 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO N 4, do. 2nd PreL Minimum 6% lO -101 Nat. relephone 3% Deb. Stock lOO ...93 The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Sher°, t Brokers, Bewsey ()bombers, Warrington, and will be found reliable. Death of Mr. W. Perkins. Many of our readers will regret to hear of the, death of Mr. William Perkins, formerly of Warring- ton, who passed away at his residence in Bondgate, Bishop Auckland, early on Tueed ty m arning at the early age of 33 years. Mr. Perkins' early days were- speat in Warrington and he was articled as an archi- tect to the late Mr. J. E. Wright. He left here it dozen or fifteen years ago to take up an appointment as assistant surveyor to the Auckland Rural Council. In a few years he commenced business as an archi- tect and surveyor and made rapid strides. He designed two large hospitals for the local Joint Hospital Board and was very successful in snbmitting competitive plans in connection with different schemes in various parts of the country. He was for several years a useful member of the Urban Council and came to ha chair man the year before last -an important year in view* of the Royal visit in connection with the Volunteer bazaar. Daring his chairmanship year he also officiated as a Justice of the Peace. Mr. Perkins was generous-hearted and gave liberally in many direction lie provided the trophy known as the Perkins Cup, to be competed for by members of the Auckland Rills Club. Ho was a Past Master of the Wear Valley Lodge of Freemasons, and was prominently identified with other organizations. A. number of years al° Mr. Perkins met with a cycling accident. go was most seriously injured and, in fact, he lost the' use of one eye. His recovery from the accident was slow and was probably never complete. The funeral took place at Auckland cemetery on Thursday in the' presence of a large gathering, including local' Freernasons,members of the Auckland Urban Councils. and prominent Bishop Auckland townsmen. Marriages. JOLLEY—DEA-N—JElle nth, at the Parish Church, - Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, John Jolley to Emily Dean.
