===== 0002601_19030522_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
R • CLAMP AND SON,

-MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES'.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. U.

30, AND 41, DALE STREET.

12, LORD STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

A THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT LOW ES, Ct !----,JRNE STREET, WARRINGTON 2.411480 A OUOB CIRCULATING LIBRARY. -14(311BSTBR, LIVRRPOOL, LONDoN DAILY

- PAPHRS. 711:113BER STAMPS A SPECIALITY

No. L 258.

FOR MORI? THAN TWENTY YEARS

71101.7-iANDS -r)F LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM

DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

===== 0002601_19030522_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
uch this the the ugh )oks Ad-

===== 0002601_19030522_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
6 0 0.4 3 0

_TASS6 fork-4 rot,c`' Irkefr;

===== 0002601_19030522_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
BOON TO WOMANKIND.

They are the best known Remedy for Aasemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Rd, is lid, 2s 91, 4s 6d, and 115. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, er from the Proprietor. Only Address : 309, PORTOBSLLO-ROAD, NOTTING BILL LONDON4W.I

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

Huukiimi couoii The celebrated effectua HOOPING COUGH cure without internal

H—OOPING COUGH medicine

HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s: per bottle. Sold Whole- BRONCUITLS sale Agents: W. EDWARDS CROUP & Sox, 157, Queen ,Victoria treet, London.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
_ . • . _ - .61 .4 • , • . • • • • • I • r •: •I . • L4I

ONE PEN:NY.

Faitll3l4.l(, MAY 22, 1903.

BY Posr }I 73 per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum us gd per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19030522_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. JOH N W ALKHR & PRINTERS t. BOOKBINDER. TFLEPHONE, 355 y BEWSEY STREET, WARRIN GT ON

===== 0002601_19030522_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

ALL THE ADVANTAGES OF CO-OPERATION may be secured without trouble by customers dealing with Boots, the Cash Price Dispensing Chemists, who prepare Physicians' Prescriptions and Family Recipes with t'ure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of 50 per cent, on the outlay. OVER 300 BRANCHR

EACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGE- MENT OF:,A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

126, BRIDGE STREET, .1_ WARRINGTON. 5, BRIDGE STREE TELEPHONE No. 120.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENT IS TR Y .

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged TEETH TEETH. s 2 oh patient intern- 3d beforehand the cost of work required. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

Alloonsnitatlons free.

Gold and other filings at modezate

chargeZ

An M.D., also Lady Attendant.. 7

Pain !ass Extraction as hitherto. by the aid of Pritrcns Oxide.

!taker to neatness of 10.000 gallons weekly.. /hors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DxxTzez 31 BxAm.)

MANCHESTZR-_..._46, MOSLEY-STREZ

(Telephone 1880),

MR. MADDISON TTENDS ST. B.ELENg ......GEORGE-STREET 1, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON SANKET-STREE WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN _3l, BRIDGE-STREET iii-FIigDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTH WIOR. 14. APPLRMARBET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
G

EDDESS DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered 0 the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists.! ganistes Bd.. 10d., and ls. Bd. each. • Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOn . ESTABLISHED 1833.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
eveles.

BOOK le. on CYCLR BUILDING and Repairing. —SMITH 149. Watt-street, Glasgow.

. (AN SALE, Splendid Clemeot-Panhard Volturette, 41 h.p.. k 1 three speeds and reverie : sound condition.—W ix- STANLEY, Park Place, Warrin eton.

rIYCLES. Frames, Frames, Frames. B.S.A. pattern V £2 17s 61 only; wheels 15s 6d Pair.—WESTWARD Ho CYCLE WORKS, 580 High road, Chiswick.

HIGH-CLASS MOTOR CYCLES 2i h.p. diamond frame, triple head, designed to withstand speed and rough roads, £4O guaranteed.—Send for particulars BURDEN BROS. Motor Manufacturers, Excelsior Works, Salisbury.

MOTOR CYCLBS built with Chafer. lan. B.S.A. or other fittings; Minerva. If h.p., R3B, h.p. £42 10s, with forecar cane basket; Upholster: £55 foreear 'fitted to any motor cycle; list two stamps.—A.lTN7.lV, Frodsham.

II IGH-OLASS MOTOR OYCLICS, Ei h.p. X diamond frame, triple head. Designed to withstand speed and rough roads. £4O, guaranteed.—Send for particalars,BUßDEN BROS, Motor PAanutacturers, Excelsior Works. Salisisury•

TiIRRB.—CYCLBS—FRIIR. Cycles, Motors and Acces- 1. sories, direct from Factory to Rider, 3000 new and eecond-hand machines actually in stock, from 30s. each. B.S.A. and Raffle's machines marvellous bargtins in Acces- sories. Free to any address, 80 page Catalogue Wholesale prices, Bye opener to all. 50 per cent. cheaper than others. Agents wonted—WeßalLOw & Weston-snl.r-Marn.

CABNT'S HIGH-CIRADB SAFETY for Sale ; brain; new VT at Christmas ; not soiled ; free wheel, rim brake. silver-plated rims, Dunlop licensed tyres ; latest 1903 ; all accessories ; elegant machine ; cash urgently required ; sacrifice £4 18e, the lot ; approval with pleasure ; worth dfluble.—K. GILL, Waveney-villa, Beach-road, Weston-super- Mare.

GLADE AND e 0:, THE PIONEERS or THE CYCLE TRADE IN LIVERPOOL. SOLE AGENTS FOIL EXCELSIOR CYCLES & MOTOR CYCLES. Manufactured by Messrs• Bayliss. Thomas & Co., Coventry. NEW RAPID CYCLES, Long Cranks and High Gear. " GLORIA " CYCLES. A Perfect Cycleat a Low Price, viz: £lO 10s. Inspection Invited. Price List Free. 57—BOLD STREET-57, LIVERPOOL.

Al 0 T 0 R S.

CLARENDON MOTOR CYCLES,

21, AND 3 H.P. CLARENDON MOTOR CARS,

MULFORD TRAILERS AND FORE-CARS. JOHN MELBOURNE LTD.,

WILDERSPOOL IRON WORKS,

WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 122.

DON'T BUY

BOGIE OR POOR TYRES; REAL 1903 DILNLOPS, 16s.' SD. A COVER,

Is. EXTRA MOIC:FITTING.

OTHER TYRES SIMILAR PRICE.

ITS A FACT!! ONLY 'THRIIE: MILIiS TO

IRELAND,

SANKEY.

DO Nor SELECT YOUR

MOTOR BICYCL6' p..etnoir3rAeL r?i,ITADRA.NT " BEFORE INSPFZCTING- OtTE STOCK. 2 ersLeD ;oftwnedr fitted with 31°T°11 7.eTwR U"43I.PPIHiIs BICYCLES. Engines. We shall he pleased to give any information if you will , favour us with a call.

ALSO LATEST PATTERNS of " I%llA- m:um F RANO! S " " TRI UMP "ROYAL ENFIELD"" SUNBEAM" and "SPARK— BROOK." CYCLES. INSPECT OUit TEN QUINEA. Machines (Lady's and Gents) Fitted with Dunlop Tr ea, Free Wheel and Two Itim Brakes: Secondhand Bicycles from £2 10s. EASY PAY- MENTS. LISTS FREE. A few shop soiled Machines now being offered at greatly reduced prices.

HITCIIINGS LIMITED, 74. BOLD-STREET. AND 165, DUKR-STERRT. LIVERPOOL.

UMERELLA.S I UMBRELLAS LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE WOE PRICSENT LADIES' & GENTLEMEN W ',KING STICKS DIBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RR COVERED IN HAL.

AN HOUR FROM Ss. P. BRI EXLEY, 61, PICCADILLY AND OPPOS_ IT E CONSTANTINE'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET, MANCH EST Kit.

_ PArER AND 13AGS, GRGOBItS' WINDOW BILLS, ' 'XICKETS, TWINIIi, STATIONS/IY. Q TxT V y HAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON!

===== 0002601_19030522_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LI 'I li , ~.,', k.'....; l Oli - ' : 1 t • i ' e ' ' 1 1 ..., , t ; 'it ' , i ' k , , • :', I i

===== 0002601_19030522_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
--111

very serious one and prisoner had to thank the Chief Constable for not being sent to the Assizes. He would be sentenced to the full penalty—six months imprison- ment with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS.

The maximum penalty for assault was imposed by the i th magistrates at e Warrington Police Court on Monday, in an unusually serious case which occupied their atten- Messrs. Macmillan are publishing a new series of -Lion. James Donovan, who lodges in Rose and Crown- 1 street, appeared in the dock on the charge of assaulting Pocket Novels, which will be sold at 2s. net. Each Constable Hewitt at 6.55 on Sunday evening, will contain a tale by some well-known writer: and the first of the series is Philosophy 4," by Mr. Owen Wis- The Chief Constable said the charge was originally ter, a cheerful study of three Harvard undergraduates one of unlawful wounding with A knife. The facts were somewhat unusual, for he was happy to say for the and their pursuits of collegiate distraction. Two are sportsmen, the other the Transatlantic type of " smug." credit of Warrington that they vetw seldom heard of the Hooligan use of the knife in e town. .Constable This is to be followed by a ghost story of the sea: •by hi Hewitt was on duty in Horsemarket-street on Sunday Miss Marion Crawford called "Man Overboard": and evening shortly before seven o'clockand savranumber of stories by Mr. Winston Churchill and Mrs. Gertrude men including the prisoner,loitering about the front of the Atherton are also promised. Central Hotel and obstructing the footeath. Prisoner _ The next volume in the "English Men of Letters Series " will be "Browning" whose biographer is Mr. Tefused to move away when ordered to do so by the Constable, whereupon the officer told him that G. K. Chesterton. The book represents the verdict of he would have to go away or he (Hewitt) would shift him. the younger generation and is rather more of a dis- quisition ma. less of a biography Lhan most of the. Hewitt walked away 134 on turning round saw the prisoner was setting him at de series. Mr. Chesterton has found occasion to display fiance, as he was still leaning against one of the window-sills of the hotel, fully the qualities which have earned him so quickly The Constable went back and again warned the prisoner the reputation of a born essayist. at the same time giving him a slight impetus to move The latest addition to Messrs. Macmillan's "Golden away. Prisoner had evidently been prepared for this, The Series" is Wendell Holmes's famous "Auto- crat of the Breakfast Table," with an introduction by as he immediately struck at the officer's face with the pocket knife produced. In order to defend himself Sir Leslie Stephen. " B Hewitt held up his right hand and received the full Christmas ooks," with illustration by the author force of theblow between the fore-fineer and the thumb, has just left the press in Macmillan's new Thaekeray The cut went to the bone, in fact the thumb was nearly edition. This makes the eighth volume of the series. severed from the band and bled profusely. Hewitt "Macmillan's Guides "are already well-known, and closed with the prisoner and tried to wrest the knife deservedly popular. We would bring to the notice of frem him. A struggle ensued and the officer's the tourist the "Guide to Switzerland" with 37 maps ' • I p -other hand was cut in the course of the ' andlans, published at ss. and issued this week. conflict. P.C. Hesn came to his assistance mid the I:` An English Garner" is a re-issue in 12 volumes of prisoner was taken to the Police Station in a very Professor Arber's Ingatherings from English History and Literature. The edition is issued in a re-arranged -violent state. Prisoner was formerly a hammer-man at and classified form, which will render the task of refer- one of the forges and three or four years ago suffered from some disease in his neck, of the abcess or tumour ence comparatively easy. Each volume contains an nature which rendered an operation necessary. The introduction written by experts on their subjects and poor fellow was unfit to properly defend himself in the scholars of theirspeciel periods,including G. A. Aitken, Court for he had almost entirely lost his speech and,C. Raymond Beazley,ang, Sidney Lee, A. F. Pollard. A. H. Bnllen, Churton Collins, evidently spoke under great strahi and pressure. Taking L C. H. Frith. Andrew this into consideration, and guided by the advice of the and Alfred W. Pollard. Several of the volumes have ' Bench he (Mr. Talbot) had reduced the charge to one of. hen exhaustively indexed. We have just received assault in order that the prisoner might be dealt with . "Fifteenth Century Prose and Verse" arranged witth ' introduction, Short Glossary &c. by Alfre, d W. Pollard. there. Constable Hewitt gave evidence bearin out the Published at 4s. net by A. Constable &Co., Westminster. g, statement. • Prisoner had great difficulty in making himself under- An extraordinary case, forty feet long, containing a stood at all, but evidently wished to carry the impres- . number of rudely-formed stone implements, and appar- sion that the Constable grasped him by the coat collar 3, , great antiquity, beendiscovered y a farmer I entl f thas b b ' luni he then committed the assault. • lat Castlerock, near Portrush. The Chairman (Mr. N. Monks) said the offence was a •

===== 0002601_19030522_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
NINE YEARS A CRIPPLE.

The case is that of a boy

by Hip Joint Disease for Ni Dr. Williams' Pink Pil

Another extraordinary case—this time the cure of a lad who for Nine years had been a hopeless cripple— has set the public talking of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Only a few weeks ago there was published the cure of Mr. Kirkland, who had been the victim of Locomotor Ataxy, a disease, terrible not only for the awful agonies it causes,but because ordinary Medical Science admits itself absolutely unable to cure it. Locotnotor Ataxy means, under ordinary treatment a lingering, unspeakably painful Death. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills were proved beyond question to have cured it. This is no empty boast. Absolute and unquestion- able proof from independent authority was given. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are no quack or patent medicine, but the fruit of a regular doctor's lifelong studies. The new ease is that of a lad natited Ernest Nicklin, the son of most respectable parents residing at 8 Briars-cottages, Bernet, London, mid the cure, first brought to publicity by the local paper, the Barnet Press, was made the subject of independent and search- ing investigation by the Weekly Dispatch on the request of a lady who had seen the local report of the lad liicldin's cure, and urged that, in the interests of the -public, such allegations ought to be fearlessly sifted, and if false, exposed. The Weekly Dispatch sent an expert, well trained in the examination of evidence, to look into the matter. lie reported the facts not only unexaggerated, but con- siderably understated in the first report, the parties respectable and trustworthy, the cure permanent and of 4eztreme interest. Ample

WHAT THE FOURTH Box DID.

CURED IN SEVEN WEEKS by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

Another Extraordinary Cure Independently Investigated in the Public Interest and Fully Corroborated by a Great London Newspaper.

NO POSSIBLE DOUBT OF ITS TRUTH.

-ho was absolutely crippled

ne Years. In Seven Weeks Is enabled him to walk.

THE MIRACULOUS STORY

Their effect was mar- vellous. He began to improve with the first box: before it was finished he was a different lad. The second box improved his appetite, and he began to look better.

When he reached the end of the fourth box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills he astonished us all by saying he would try to walk without his crutches. He was as good as his word. Leaning on a stick, but I standing as straight us over I did myself.

'HE CCRI.

Is air -in which. lie IselplesB for years, HE WALKED UPRIGHT nine years! Ile to go

out with his stick. The Local cleryman who met him asked about the im- provement, and said, 'I should never have believed you were the same boy.' COMPLETE CURE.

"Be continued to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. To-day he is strong and can walk easily without help from Crutch or stick Beyond a slight limp, you would never know he had been a Crippled Boy. He is going to work. "The whole cure took but seven weeks. Seven weeks ago he was a help- less invalid. You see him as he is to-day !" The Weekly Dispatch re- presentative toot( a photo- graph, showing beyond all cavil the present condition of the lad. When it is remembered that the best possible Medical Treat- ment had not cured him,

mut that Dr. Williams' Ile is 7101 C strong and can Pink Pills for Palo People lralk without difficulty. were able in less than two (Photographed by the months to make him well " Weekly Dispatch.") and , strong, hardly any stronger testimony to the value of the medicine can he desired. • -- _

Inc Dr. NNilluims Medicine Company, Holborn- viaduct, London, courts the fullest, enquiry inte the evidence of the cures published, which include cases of Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, Consumption, Bright's Disease of the Kidneys, and other diseases considered by ordinary medical science incurable. Their mar- vellous cures, in widely different diseases, are due to the fact that they operate through the blood and nerves on the causes of disease. Anmmiti. Rheumatism, and St. Vitus' Dance have been cured by them in an astonish- ing manner; and as a general tonic and restorative cf wasted strength in inan or woman, they have a high reputation.

n. the first time i " Soon he was able ~ "+ „7 L.,0---- i 0.----, I, i• . , , ,1\ ; r , , it . , 4 \ 5 e

OF I , il 1; , , . • , ikk _ • A, ',, !. !!! *iti . ~,,,,;,...,,-,,,,,-...........%.•!... ( 'I,

1

===== 0002601_19030522_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CORROBORATION FROM STRANGERS

fore seeing Mr. Nicklin, the extra- ordinary nature of the cure having caused much talk " It is nine years ago," ,id Mr. Nicklin to the "cekly Dispatch commis- " that we first oticed something wrong vith my son, then seven 'ears old. He had the ,bit of throwing his whole eight OH one leg. Before ng wo found out the use. MEDICAL TREATMENT. 2WO doctors in consulta- tion made a thorough examination, and dis- covered that he was suffer- ing from a serious disease of thellip-Joiet. For two jears he la 3 helpless on his back, an wail,: cripple. 4! He then went to live with his Aunt, and an attack of Pneumonia added to his Ernest Nicklin, at his weakness. Ills heart was ivasbarcly able towalk on seriousiyatffected..

crutches.

FOR FIVE YEAES

'his Aunt lifted him in and out of bed, and washed him like an infant, and had him wheeled in a chair. The diseased leg began to Wither, and by degrees grew several inches shorter than the other. When, by her devoted care for him his Aunt was thoroughly knocked vp herself, he came home, having now Leen

was also obtained be. : ...,-,..1., sal V,.. y ....-7: s:1; -41: 44:,1 ,', ‘.; ~ • it.', :lc - A it' ' ./.46-**'-' -;,-‘, - - ha 1 Ikt . '''''.. 1. Ive: I / . • il.. b,, ea, T . J .1. 1 y --- ----'• •1, ---"- f--- ' - - ..... ' - be xt

===== 0002601_19030522_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A CRIPPLE EIGHT YEARS,

just able to it in a chair. On his best days he could hobble a little on crutches, but not always. "This brings the story up to the beginning of the year. Having heard of their wonderful cures I began -to give him Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
311 2

ATTACK WITH A KNIFE. A Constable's Thumb Nearly Several

McDOUGALLS Patelit SELF—RISING FLOUR PREVENTS INDIGESTION

I) - --

;;i---- -111 ~I.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NIGHT

OF THE CRIME.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
FERGUS HOME.

Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "The Pagan's Cup," "The Crime of the Crystal," '6Woman—the Sphinx," etc.. ac., etc. CHAPTER XXI

THZ EVENTS OF THE NIGHT.

" What is too late?" asked Will, looking ab Dora.

"My mother's chance of taking advantage of Mr. Pillage's offer."

" Has he made an offer?"

"A very reasonable one," put in Pillage calmly. "Since my wife thinks that I have treated her badly I wish to make amends. I offered to go away for a small annuity, so that she should keep the estate. But, as Miss Tre- mewan truly observes, it is too late now. Mr. Vane is here, and Mrs. Vane will not permit my wife to accept an offer so detrimental to his own interests."

"And I am ruined," wailed Mrs. Tremewan, sitting down with tearful eyes. "I hope you are satisfied, Dora?" All this time Vane had said no word. He remained by the door, his colour coming and going as though he laboured under stress of great emotion, and he fixed his eyes on Pillage in a rather embarrassed manner. As Will had told him that. Pillage was at the Gray House he expressed no surprise at seeing him; but why he should be so nervous, when the appearance of the man was for his benefit, Will could not understand. He looked from Vane to Pillage and back again. But it was the adventurer who first/ spoke. He addressed Paul directly. "Have you seen Mrs. Bedowen?"

"No," answered Vane in a hesitating manner. "1 was waiting to see her, but Hannaford op- peared in her place. I see you have explained yourself," he added, glancing at the weeping Mrs. Tremewan.

Pillage nodded. "My wife quite understands and appreciates the situation," said he cheerfully. "Since I am alive you will come into possession of the property. But since I have been the Deus ex machina to gain you a fortune, I presume you will not refuse to allow me an income." "Walter!" cried Mrs. Tremewa.n in a tone of anguish. "I must look after myself," he said, shame- lessly. "Since you have refused to take ad- vantage of my offer to help you, perhaps Vane will accept my help to place him in possessioh of the rest."

Will laughed grimly. "The name of Pillage suits you admirably," he said. "Quite so," retorted the scamp, 'one of Fate's ironies." __

"We have yet to hear what my cousin says," remarked Dora in a cutting tone; "will you) accept this very handsome offer, Paul?" Stung by her tone of contempt Vane shook his head. "I really do not see that lam called upon to do anything for you, Pillage. Had I not entered so opportunely you would have sold your- self to Mrs. Tremewan, and have kept me out of my rights." "You refuse to do what I ask?"

"I do," replied Vane in a wavering tone, but trying to speak firmly. "You have no claim on me. I shall take possession of the property and give to -Mrs. Tremewan the income you wish for yourself. I have every desire to do what is right." "In that case," said Pillage, quietly, "-I can- not do,,b.etter than follow so admirable an . ex- ample. And to do what is right, Mr. Vane, I must relate the events of the night when your uncle was killed."

"Hat" said Will, in a tone of satisfaction, "now we are coming to the point. I knew Vane was mixed up in the matter." "I have had absolutely nothing to do with it," said Paul, doggedly, and folded his arms. "Waiter!" cried Mrs. Tremewan with a gasp. "Did that man murder my—l mean- Mr. Tre- mewan?"

_ "I have every reason to believe that such is the case, Amy. Will and Dora uttered exclamations, and Mrs. Tremewan dropped back into her seat pale and trembling. But the accused man preserved his composure. • "You have yet to prove that I am the villian you say I am," was his remark.

Pillage plunged directly into his subject and addressed himself rather than to the three spec- tators than to the man he accused. "As I re- lated," he said, ."I had an interview with Mrs. Bedowen at the Eight Bells. She left me shortly after nine o'clock, and I went to bed. But I could not sleep. I mistrusted the woman, as had every reason to do. I thought she might speak to Tremewan about me and get me into trouble."

"It was to her interests not to speak about you to my father." "Quite true, Miss Tremewan," replied Pillage politely, "but the fact is, on that night I was not myself. Ever since Mrs. Bedowen tried to murder me I have had a certain fear of her. However, as I said, I couldn't sleep, so in spite of the dark night and the rain I left the inn and came up the hill to this house." "To see Tremewan?" asked Will. "I hardly know why I came. It was -a kind of idea thit I ought to meet danger half-way, although so far as I knew I was not in danger. My state of mind was inexplicable. Perhaps it was a kind of inkuition that a crime was about to be committed. At all events I secretly left the inn and came to the Gray House. I saw that there was a light in the study. The window was closed, but the shutters were open. This was about a quarter-past ten." "Ah!" said Will, "then you saw me?" "I did. I crept up to the window, and saw you talking to Tremewan. I even managed to hear part of your conversation. Certainly I could not hear very clearly, but it was sufficient to prove that you had spoilt Mrs. Bedowen's game; and I also saw that my chance of getting money was gone, but I was pleased to think that in spite of Vane my wife would be provided for."

"How do you mean, provided for?" asked Mrs. Tremewan. .

"Why," replied her hnsband, "Tremewan as- sured Mr. Hannaford that he would make his will again, and put all question of your inheriting the estate beyond the shadow of a doubt."

"That was why I came down to see him," said Will, with a glance at Vane. "I knew that the will already made might be upset." "And it is upset," said Paul, smiling un- pleasantly. "Thanks to-your having murdered Tremewan," said Pilla.ge, sharply. "That is a lie. I did not murder him."

Pillage shrugged hi s shoulders and went on. "AsJ listened I heard the sound of heavy breath- ing, and I became aware that I had a fellow listener. I saw wmeone on the other side of the window amongst till gorse. Tremewan, inside the room, moved the lamp, and a chance gleam of light sLowed me the face of Vane." "The face of a man you had seen only once!" sneered Paul.

"I have a good memory for faces," replied Pillage, quietly, ".and as you acted the part of a good Samaritan towards me I had particular reason to remember you." "You are certainly repaying my kindness in full," said Paul. "I am only doing what you would do, Mr. Vane. Every man for himself. However, when I saw it was you I crept across, and laid my hand- on your shoulder. You nearly cried out and betrayed yourself, but; I explained who I was, and knowing me to ho an enemy of Tremewan's you were reassured. If you re- member we walked away together on to the high road."

....„.... "And yo'u left me still talking to Tremewan?" asked Will

"Yes. Patience, Mr. Hannaford! I will come to you presently. In the meantime I have to do with Vane here. And von will see that I intend to be very frank about myself. I must ask Miss Trem.ewan to protect me from your violence." said Pillage, smiling. • "Au !" cried Will, with a sudden recollection, "that rope across the road. You—" "Precisely. Vane and I designed that trap." "It Walt your idea," said Vane, hoarsely, shrink- ing back before the gleam in Will's eyes. "You are a couple of villains," cried Hanna- ford, clenching his hands. But Dora touched him gently. " T.Attic bear all first." she said: "aiterwari:go

===== 0002601_19030522_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 22, 1903.

you can :leal with them as they deserve." Will yielded a sullen assent. • "I told you I did not intend to spare myself," said Pillage, in a genial manner. "Vane and I talked on the high road, and he was naturally angry that you should have spoilt his plans. suggested—for I was equally angry on my own account—that we should give you a thrashing when you came out." "I could have managed both of you," said Will, with a, glance of disdain at the slight figures of his enemies "Quite so, and Vane pointed that out. We found your bicycle on the edge of the gorse—a. motor bicycle—and that gave me an idea. On such a vehicle I knew you would go at a con. iderable speed, so my idea was to throw some obstacle in you way,. and upset you." Dora gave a cry of horror. "You might have killed him 1"

"Certainly there was a chance of that," agreed "but I only wished to render Mr. Hanna- ford insensible, so, that he might interfere no more with matters which did not concern him. The difficulty was how to arrange the obstacle. Fortunately Vane remembered that the gorse- cutters used rope to tie up their bundles, and sometimes left pieces behind." • "You devil!" said Will, with a fiery glance at the pale Vane. " We found the rope," pursued Pillage, coolly, " and tied several pieces together to make it long enough. Then we tied it across the road. 'I hen Vane left me. He became afraid—" "I wanted to remove the rope," said Vane, hoarsely, "but you drove me away. I did not intend that Hannaford should 'come to harm." " You intended to tell him about the snare when he lief k the Gray House," replied Pillage, "I know. However, you left me. I waited for a time, and then returned to within sight of the window. It was opened, and you, Mr. Hanna- ford, were just leaving. I saw nothing of Vane, but I saw that Mr. Tremewan shoa hands with you and left you alive." "There!" cried Will, looking round in triumph. "I told you I was innocent. Mrs. Tremew an— Dora!"

"I never thought you were guilty," said Mrs. Tminewan. Dora had no need to speak. She "(rave Will an eloquent glance, which he under- stood perfectly. "What next?" she asked, looking at Pillage. "I -followed Hannaford some distance away. I saw him get on his machine, and ride off. The rope was some distance down the road, so I walked on. Then I heard a cry and a cash, and I knew that our trap had been successful. I foundi Mr. Hannaford insensible. I stayed with him some time, but I was afraid .to revive him lest I might have to make an awkward explanation. However, as I saw that he was merely insensible, and not dead, I resolved to see Vane and reassure him."

"You were very tender of Vane's feelings?" said Will contemptuously, and with a cold glance at Paul, who winced. "I had my own game to .play," replied the ether complacently, "and I thought that Vane -might be useful. I looked for Vane in the gorse, as I thought he also might have crept down the road to witness the accident. I could not find him, and after searching for half an hour I de- termined to return to the inn. To do so I had to pass the house, and to my surprise I saw that the window was still open, and the light burning. I crept close, and saw Tremewan.sitting at his desk, with his bead an one side. I looked round, and then stepped inside—l touched him—l found that he was dead. Then I became feagul lest I should get into some trouble, and ran away— like a coward, I confess." "About what time was this?" asked Will.

"Somewhere about half-past eleven," replied Pillage. "I heard the clock strike fropethe Town Hall before I discovered the truth."

"Well," said Vane, after a pause ag looking round insolently, "I fail to see how I.can be ac- med of this crime. I did help Pillage with the trap. Then I became afraid, and went to tell you, Ha.nnaford. But I saw you still with Tronewan, and my courage failed me. I went home round by the Common, a.s I was afraid of being followed by Pillage if I went direct to my hotel. He did not know where I was staying, and I did not wish him to know. I got muddy, and my clothes were torn—also my face was scratched. .I did not get back to the Nelson till midnight, and Grant let me in. The next day I heard of the murder, and being afraid, I re- turned to London, hoping that my presence in Dartbridge on that night would be overlooked. And certainly I never thought that anyone would connect me with the murder. Grant let me in when I returned, muddy and torn, and I thought he looked suliciously at me. But that must have been me ly my fancy," "I think it was," replied Will, dryly. "Grant never suspected you, until my father spoke to him about any possible stranger having come to Dart bridge." _ _

"1 don't undetsta.nd." "I mean that my father fancied some stranger might have killed Mr. Tremewan. I am sure he never thought the assassin was the nephew of the victim."

"Nor is he," said Paul, firmly, but extremely pale. "I am absolutely innocent of committing the crime. Although, thanks to my folly, I admit that appearances are against me. I swear that I never knew my uncle was dead until the next morning, when it became common gossip. And then I thought that Pillage had killed him." "If you believed that, why did you not say so?" asked Will. • "Why should I? To accuse Pillage it would have been necessary for me to explain my doings on that night. There was also a chance that Pillage might accuse me—and he has done so." "Because I am certain that I speak the truth," said Pillage, sharply. "It will be no pleasure to me to see you hanged, Mr. Vane. But for my own sake I must be candid. You assuredly left me to see Tremewa.n. I don't say you intended to kill him, but I expect a, row took place, and you lost your head." "Nothing of the sort," cried Vane, vehemently. "I had not motive to kill the man. Do you take me for a fool?" "By no means," said Pillage, ironically. "I take you for a desperate man. Your fortune was at stake, and the sudden death of Tremewan was likely lo make you a rich man. You knew the secret remember. I, on the contrary, had every- thing to lose by the death of your victim. I had only to claim my wife to make things unpleasant; whereas if Trernewa.n learnt your knowledge of the secret, your game was up." "All this is very plausible," replied Vane, folding his arms, but I swear that I am innocent. If I n.m hanged my blood will be on your head. And remember," he proceeded solemnly, "you are murderin the man who fed you when you were hungry, and"— "Bah! That sort of thing does not go down with me. lam not sentimental, my good Vane." "No villain is," retorted Paul, and became silent. He saw that it was hopeless to appeal to this man, and that speaking only made matters worse.

There were a few moments of silence, for every- one was more or less exhausted by the prolonged conversation. Indeed, Mrs. Tremewan now looked thoroughly ill, and could scarcely keep from faint- ing. She staggered to her feet, and waving away Pillage, who would have gone to her assistance, she took her daughter's arm. "Let me go to my room," she said, faintly. "I feel seriously ill. Walter—she looked at her husband—may God forgive you for all the misery you have caused. Later on I will tell you my plans. Paul, I ac- cept your offer of an income, which is what you should do under the circum.stances." "May I be alive to give it," said Paul. gloomily. "You will be. I do not believe that you killed your uncle." She would have said more, but that the effort was too much for her. "Dora, Dora I Take me away." The poor woman was not jesting. Her strength had given way, and it was scarcely to be wondered that it should after the strain to which she had been subjected. Dora would rather have re- mained, as she wished to speak to Will about all that had taken place. But her mother needed her care, and she was forced to go. However, she was well satisfied to leave matters in the hands of her lover. As she passed him, she pressed his , band. ." Thank God you are cleared," she said in/ a low voice, and led her mother out of the mini. When the women were gone Will looked at the two men. He had already made up his mind what to do. "This is a serious matter," he said. "Pillage, are you prepared to come with me to the police- office and make a formal statement?" " Yos," was the reply. "Vane killed Tremewan. I am ready to make an affidavit to that effect." . "Come then," said Will, leading the way to the door.

Vane. left behind. smiled in a zhaativ manner.

" Are you not afraid !es z leave Liftrt- bridae?" he asked.

" Sio," replied Will, coldly. -watched."

"I Am havirg you

"There is no need. I am not going to run away. I am not guilty, and to leave Dartbridge would be to admit that I was. If you like I will come with you to the police7office.". "I think not, Vane. Return to your 'hotel." "Yes, do," said Pillage, with a laugh, "no doubt Mrs. Bedowen will be there to meet you." "Come," said Will, curtly, and taking Pillage by the arm he led him out of the house. Now that he had hold of him he was not going to let him go again._ _ _

Vane used a few moments. His danger was great, but he felt there was nothing for it but to face it boldly. He left The Gray House, and walked down the Hfgh Street with a firm step.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXII.

MRS. BEDOWEN'S REVENGE,

Paul Vane returned to his hotel in a mixed frame of mind. He was now satisfied that he would obtain the Tremewan estates without his claim being contested; but at the same time he could not disguise from himself that his liberty was in da.nger. Indeed, seeing that Will and his accuser, Pillage, were even now at the police- office, it was not improbable that he might be arrested before nightfall. As he saw no way of proving his innocence in the face of such an ex- plicit accusation as the adventurer intended to formulate against him, the idea of flying to London crossed his mind. But on his way down the High Street he saw that he was being shadowed by a man,- and remembering Will's in- timation that he was being watched, Ile gave up the idea of flight. To run away now would only result in his earlier arrest.

A- surprise awaited him when he entered his sitting-room. A stout woman was seated beside the fire sipping a glass of port. "I have been waiting for you," said Mrs. Bedowen' with a bland smile, "and I took the liberty of ordering a slight refrePhinent. I don't know you, but as I came to be of use to you I thought I might take such a liberty—if you can call it one." Paul was too sick at heart to object to this im- pertinence. "I expected you before," he said, sitting down heavily. "To be sure, and I should hays come before, but that young Hannaford was in the way. I waited in a shop on the other side of the street trying to make up my mind to come over. You see," said Mrs. Bedowen, with engaging familiarity, "I was afraid of falling into a trap. He has no moral standard I fear—l mean young Hamiaford, though to be sure he is in such danger that all Ins morals have gone to the four winds.' I hope they'll hang him," she finished, vindic- tively. Paul could not help smiling, in spite of his dismal humour. "It is I who am in danger of being hanged," said he. Mrs. Bedowen dropped her biscuit she was nibbling, and sat up with a watchful look in her keen eyes. "You she exclaimed. "Why, in what danger do you and, Mr. Vane?"

" nage"— • " Aye! Aye! Pillage. You have learned that much. Well, sir, I said I could produce Pillage alive, and I have done so. You must now promise me faithfully my annuity. The estates are yours." "For how long," queried Paul, -with a sigh. "Pillage accuses me of having murdered Trerne- sn.n, and I am likely to be arrested. He is at the police-office now along with Hannaford." "Clever," said Mrs. Bedowen, brushing the crymbs off her ample lap. "I always did think Pillage a scourdrel, and Heaven knows I have had enough experience of him. So he accuses you, does he? and the estate, if you are hanged, will go to the Crown. Ha! What about my annuity then, Mr. Vane? I ask you that." "There woul dnot be much chance for your getting it, I fear." "Oh! And Pillage thinks that after all my work I am going to put up with that!" She frowned and folded her arms. "We'll see about. that. I would have spared him. Now since he plays me false I won't." "Spared him! How do you mean?" "That's my secret," she replied, composedly. "I have a good many, haven't I. Lord, you may well say that, Mr. Vane, but my secrets are all paying ones. I did very well out of Tremewa.n. Now I am going to do well out of you." "I can do nothing," said Paul, as he looked at her with a certain amount of hope in his eyes.

Bless you, my dear young man"—Mrs. Bedowen became motherly—"you don't know your own powers. It is well seen you are not used to lots of money. The Tremewan estates are worth, I should say, thrte thousand a year. Quite that. You ask what you can do. Well, it so happens that all Tremewan would give me by way of an annuity was two hundred a year. Make it four, ray good man, make it four." "Why should 1 do that, even if I had the

power?" You have the power. Oh, yes! The estates will borne to you, thanks to me. And you will live to enjoy them, thanks to me again." Paul jumped up much agitated. "Do you mean to say"— - _ _

"That I know who killed Tremewan?" finished Mrs. Bedowen, triumphantly. "Of course I do. I have known it all along, but I kept the secret to myself until I could see a chance of selling it in the best market.. ,You will buy it from me, and go free, a rich man. Four hundred a year!" ended 'the housekeeper, greedily, "and little enough for the present_ of life and fortune that I am making to you. There are pen, ink, and paper over there," she said, rubbing her nose; "a slight, memorandum now . . just a few lines bind- ing yourself to pay me four hundred. Eh?" "But can you really —'" "Just you write to my dictation, and I'll tell you all about it." Dominated by the woman's masterful, manner, Paul went to the writing-table and wrote a few lines, dictated very swiftly. Mrs. Bedowen was a woman who knew the value of time, and in five minutes she had in her pocket an acknow- ledgment from Vane that he would pay her four hundred a year on receipt of certain information. "I'll hare it stamped," she said; "it is well/ to be on the right side.in these things. I know the law. Good!' she slapped her pocket. " Well ! Well !" cried Paul, impatiently,. "Who killed Tremewan?" "Pillage himself." "I knew it—l knew it!" cried the young man, smiting his hands nervously together. "He ad- mitted that he saw Tremewan dead." "But he did not admit that he killed him," finished Mrs. Bedowen. "Quite so. You can't expect a man to cut his own throat. tell you. what I know, and then we'll go to the police- office. Oh!" she clenched her fat •fist, "I have waited many a long year for my revenge on that beast. Now it has come at last. Yet if he had kept faith with me, I would have spared him. I'm not sorry though that he has thrown the game into my hands. I want to see him hanged." Her expression was so malignant that Paul Vane shrank back, his nerves all quivering. He saw what a terrible woman he had to deal with, and his earnest desire at this moment was to get. out of her company as quickly as possible. "Will you explain?" he asked, timidly. "Ha!" she said. unclenching her fist and smil- ing quite amiably, "to be sure. I must earn my income." She slapped her pocket again. "Four hundred a year!" she cried. "Not 90 bad for a. poor weak woman. Better than being dependent on a brute of a man," said Mrs. Bedowen, mapping her fingers, "that for the sex!" • "The story—'

"Well, you may call it rather a sensation • novel," she said. "To begin at the beginning, r, went to bed on that night at ten o'clock. But E saw that Tremewart was ill at ease. Pillage was in Dartbridge, and I did not know whether he was playing me false or not. I determined tc ascertain for myself the cause of my master's un- easiness. I went to bed with the other servants, as I did not want him to think that I suspected anything was wrong One must be circumspect,

"Yes! Yes!" cried Vane, quivering with eagerness. "Go on!' "Don't be in a hurry. Pillage will be arrested. soon. enough. I went to bed, as I said. I even retired' actually for the night, assuring myself that my. fears were unnecessary., But I. could not steeti—l really could not close my eyes. I am not what you would call a sensitive woman," said Mrs. Bedowen, with pride, "and I have no patience with nerves, but my feeling on that night told me, something was about to happen—some- thing dreadful. Perhaps my interview with Pillaze upset me. as it certainly did. However,

the main point is that I could not sleep. Alter eleven o'clock I could bear the state of sus- pense no longer, and put on my dressing-gown to come downstairs. I knew that my master would be in his study, and there I went. The door was closed, but I heard the sound of voices raised in anger. I feared to go in, and resolved to see without being seen. I therefore opened the front door and slipped out." "1 see," .said Paul, eagerly. "You went round to look in at the window?"

"I did. It was a clever idea. The night was !old and rainy, and I was but thinly clad, but I lid not mind that. I was determined to learn what was taking place, and to find out for my- ;elf if Pillage was deceiving me. I had certainly Left him at The Eight Bells, but he might have followed me." "He did—he did. He said as much himself. liforeover I saw him there myself." "Saw him where?" demanded Mrs. Bedowen, with a frown.

"Outside the house watching it. I was there also, as I knew that Hannaford intended to betray me. Pillage met me, and it is for that reason that he says I killed my uncle." "Did you see nothing of me?" asked Mrs. Bedowen, suddenly. "No. How could I? At the time you speak of I was making my way back to this hotel by a circuitous route that I might not be followed. I will tell you all about it when you finish your story."

Mrs. Bedowen sniffed. "You seem to have put yourself in great danger, Mr. Vane. I dare- say if I had not come forward Pillage would have succeeded in getting you hanged. But I stick to my Promise. I will save you at all costs." "It will be just as well," said Paul, a trifle dryly. "If you do not your income will be gone." "Ha! So like a man reminding a woman of benefits conferred.. However, we can talk of that later. As I say, Mr. Vane, I went round and peeped into the window—which to my astonish- ment was open. I saw my master and Pillage conversing furiously—quarrelling violently. I would have rushed in to separate them, but that the thing occurred which I feared. Pillage—as I noticed, had in his hand a cord which I guessed had been taken from the window-curtain—"

"How did you guess that?" asked Vane. "Very easily—from the colour. The cord was twisted blue and red, and the light was clear enough for me to see the tints. He passed be- hind Tremewan with the cord, and threw it over my poor inaster's head. I tried to cry out, but my tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth. I saw Treraewan struggle for a time, and I fell down on the wet grass in a kind of faint. Yet I still retained some of my senses, and heard him rush past. me. He mimed me in the darkness. I entered the room, and found my poor master dead."

"Why did you not give the alarm?" "Because I am not an absolute fool," replied the houselgaper, in a tart tone. "I had been to see Pi life—he had committed the crime: I saw in a flash that if I said anything I should be declared an accomplice, and might get into set-it:as trouble. • No! No! Matters were too com- plicated for me to give the alarm. I resolved to retire to bed and say nothing about the affair. I relocked the front door and retired to bed. The next morning I was down first, and went to the study on the plea of seeing if the housemaid had cleaned it. I then gave the alarm. The rest you know." "And you can swear that you saw Pillage commit the murder?"

"Certainly. Come to the police-court—or office, whatever it is, at once, and I'll make my affidavit." "But even at this late hour you may be ac- cused of being his accomplice. There is danger for you."

M-rs. Bedowen snapped her fingers again. "A woman who has to earn an income of four hundred a year does not fear danger," she said, with dis- dain: " Leave the matter to me! Now that the whole story of my connection with Tremewan is known lam bound to be unpopular. A trifle more or less on account of the murder won't hurt me."

"Of course, you know that all your blackmailing business will come out in court," said Paul. "Bless the man, don't I say that it will! I'll tell the judge all about it myself. So long as I can't get into trouble—and I don't see how the law can seize me—l don't care two straws. Of course lam running a risk. I don't deny that, but I want the money. You leave things to me, as I say, and I'll get out of the mess all right. I have dealt with policemen and lawyers and judges before now."

There was something terrible in the shameless way in which the woman spoke. Paul knew well enough that she might get into serious trouble— she might even be accused of being, an accessory after the fact. Yet the danger did not seem to give her the slightest uneasiness. She rose, ar- ranged her flamboyant bonnet in the mirror over the fireplace, and expressed herself ready to go. Vane did not much care about walking up the High Street with so conspicuous a female, but there was no .help for it, so he submitted to his destiny. After all Mrs. Bedowen was saving his life. If it had not been for her he could not have proved his innocence. Vane gave a shudder as he thought how he had for some time stood under the shadow of the gallows. He was a highly- strung young man, with a keen dread of pain. But he did not mind inflicting it on other people. "When Pillage is sentenced you won't walk down the street with me," was Mrs. Bedowen's remark as they left the hotel. "I expect all the pious people will be making mouths at me. I shall be called Mrs. Judas"—she here laughed heartily at the idea. "I am afraid I, slvell have to give up the idea of taking boarders at Sakombe. People are so mealy-mouthed. Just as if most of them would not do what I am doing under the same provocation. However, I'll go to London. I can live very well on my income there, and I'll be able to enjoy life. It's rather late to begin— still there is a kick or two kit in me yet, Mr. Vane." _

- -:-6--an you enjoy life after all the misery you have caused?" _ _

"Oh, Lord!" Mrs. Bedowen stopped and sur- veyed her companion with great contempt. "Are you going to preach? A nice parson you are. If you only had my pluck you would have done much m onse than I am doing. As it is you are turning a woman out of her good house and home. A pretty one you are to talk." "I will allow MTS. Tremewan- " "Pillage," said the housekeeper, spitefully. "Mrs Pillage, an income." "Take my advice and don't be a fool. A little hardship will do her good. Ugh! I hate the painted doll. I'd thrust her into the gutter if I could. But here we are," and Mrs. Bedowen coolly walked into the Dartbridge police-office. "Now for my revenge on PillaTa

STOMACH, LIVER AND KIDNEYS; WERE TOTALLY D3SORDERED, AND FINALLY PUT RIGHT BY DR. MORSE'S INMAN ROOT PILLS "Four years he'-`•• ago I had an attack of influenza, which was L. commencement of my troubles," said Miss Florence Palmer, of Canon- bury, London, N. "It brought me nigh to death's My stomach, livt. kidneys were total ordered. I lost appetite, and what food I did take me great distress eating. The act: my bowels becam irregular. I ooulr sleep for short int, and on awakin seized with smot fits. The little had taken was lump of lead stomach, accomy—__ with a dull pain in my side. I was continually coughing and raising a quantity of thick phlegm, which the doctor informed me came from the stomach. The slightest exertion caused fainting spells and shortness of breath. I spent large sums of money on doctors and medicines, but ail failed. I had almost given up in despair, when. I at last purchased a bottle of Dr. Morae.'s Indian Root Pills. I commenced their use, and by the time the first bottle was finished I could feel a decided_ change for the better in my condition. After my experience I most cheerfully recommend Dr. Morse's Indiaa Root Pills as a medicine without an equal." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills are a positive cure for Liver and Kidney Complaints, Biliousness, Indigestion,Constipation,Dyspepsia, Foul Breath, Sallow Complexion, and Female Ailments: a. perfect Blood Purifier, curing Eczema, Pimples and Blotches. Sold by chemists and dealers. Price riri per bottle. If unable to obtain ' where you reside, The W. H. COMSTOCK Co., Ltd., er Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C.,, will forward same on receipt of price, post freer

door. •er and 11y- dis- my Lt little caused after .ion of le very L& only tervals, .g was thering food I el a my

~.)., .1,, "I .."'S •"' :5 \ • i ' '::•:41;;;':. . :‘,4:?'.45;',.. • , , .-,% .# ty ,/ ...- 1 Cit-% *.;i •\<.' ,'• p -1 '-' • .011111 .•:::. '''.` •.• • : ": :. • . 1.71.,::::.A-::::** ''..t; ', ••: ..... '.117.,. 4 A . i '- ..,• .4 • ( ,i- -_ d, 4‘l Q I \i, . . r'

===== 0002601_19030522_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
To bf'fcontiuued

lech3bites' Pusion Scheme. At a spee:al meeting, of the Birmin7ham-Dis,rict Council of the Independent Order of Rechabites on Saturday, an old age Pensions scheme was discussed. The proposal is that as soon as a member reaches the age of 65 he shall receive :‘ pension of :ss.:t week fr ni the sick fluid, if his earnings did not amount to more than 15s a week. There is now in the hands of the tents a sum of .4:6,593, which was not. taken ir'tto cal- culation at the last valuation of the district, when the sick fund showed a surpbi, of £2,:00. It wits pro- posed to take the sum which was in tip hands of the tents to form the nucleus of the pension fund, to ask the hoe rd of directors to allow the apportionment of £2,-127from the valtihtionsurplus,and t osk the'mem- hers to pay a halfpenny per fortnight. With one or two minor alterations the scheme was adopted.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A MARTYR TO SCIATICA.

"T hed been a martyr to sciatica." So writes Mrs. E. K. Stokes; of Hulver-3treet, near Wrentham, Suffolk,on April 7th. She tried hospital treatment, but became we:A er, had dreadful pain, had to draw herself upstairs hy the rail, and could not carry her own baby about. So great was her pain that the limbs see fl) ed drawn quite , out of phice. _

In this state. 'Mrs. Stokes t..tnained until she began to take Dodd's Kidney Pills, and after- trying them three days began to feel better. In a short time she was completely cured. "They have wro,lght a miracle in my case," she says. "T can now walk four miles with pleasure, whereas a few weeks back I felt. unable to get about the house." Mrs. Stokes' cure was due entirely to Dodd's Kidney Pills, a remedy which never fails to relieve Sciatica, Rheumatism,LUmbago,and all diseases duelto the kidneys. The most hopeless cases give way to Dodd's Kidney Pills.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU A BAD LEG

, With Wounds that dischaige or otherwise. Ft....n.4 ' surrounded with inflammation and !moiler...that wtta you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves tliA impression? If so, under the skin you hays poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, . which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but gm on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps you:* knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and ad medical advice and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation: but ao not, for ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no mason I should. Send at. once a Postal Order for its. 6d. to R. %V. ALBERT, 73; Farringdon-street.London,'and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is acertabs remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knees Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands., awl% Bunions. ißegisteredCopyright:i

_ PIMA STEEL for Ladies. PI L ,Fj A PhENCH REMEDY bUPhRbEDING BITTNR, APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYBOYA.L, Ste. Prioe 41. 6d. post 'free. Obtainable only front M ART IN, (11133145% StrIUTTI ANI PTnNT 1473,1-7

,Abo^lllavit-0 C 4) 0 co

===== 0002601_19030522_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Marvellous TALKING MACH!

All kinds. Archer & Sons 5 St. Ceorge's Crescen Castle Street, Liverpool

===== 0002601_19030522_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1„

===== 0002601_19030522_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON TRAMWAY REFORM.

Highly enthusiastic was the reception of the -Prince and Princess of Wales in South London When they went to open the new electric trapa- Way system from Westminster to Tooting via liennington and Clapham. These trams have long been eagerly awaited by the dwellers south of the river; and, despite the enormous outlay involved, the London County Council felt themselves justified in carrying out the scheme themselves. The Prince and Princess of Wales were , accompanied by their elder children, and journeyed from Westminster to Tooting and back on a tramcar, receiving a great ovation all along the line from the huge crowds which had gathered to do honour to the occasion. Mr. J. W. Benn, who is chair- man of the Highways Committee of the L.C.C. travelled on the car with their Royal High- nesses and took their fares. Each member of the. royal party handed him a halfpenny, oblivious that the full 'fare was threepence, and in return he solemnly punched and handed them tickets as mementoes. In his speech Mr. Benn christened the tramcars the "poor man's motors," a happy phrase which is likely to stick. " Poor men's motors," however, are no better behaved than those of rich men, and on Saturday. when the cars were open so the public, there were two breakdowns. An excellent new system for controlling the queue has been introduced with the new trains, which are sure to be very crowded.

A NAVAL MASTERPIECE.

The new battleship Commonwealth, built for the British Government, and just launched from the Fairfield Yard, Govan, is one of a series of the largest battleships in the world. She is the largest ever built on the Clyde, and has been constructed in ten months, which constitutes a world's record in naval construc- tion. The requirements of the Admiralty are now extremely stringent, as they require that battleships built by private firms shall be ready for commission after leaving the builders' yard. The draught of these huge battleships is so great, and the Clyde so shallow, that there was some doubt of the possi- bility of a Clyde firm fulfilling the Admiralty services required of them in future. It is to be hoped that the Clyde trustees will take serious

, , _ ~..ir/ j,,ii, • , 1 ' .•,:( / ff.,h;zl,- 7 V-. ;.!;44 IL,- ,v's : - ,•,•'-'-v, .• • // / !- ---..-r-,,, X ' t‘ Z :Ail •-) - , /- / ' 1411"/*. / --. • --- It • All 4 :4 g ,-,c,„ ///` -- liii. k.:....,-;.',..;',// i fi. ~,,,,,eli ~.:2-K .f r=-- .fr0'••....„ , .4' • . '-• , - ..'3...: . ~' 'r -i.4114-4,,, Al. rt." ..,<\ ,n"-) ,' I 'll ~ , , , , sr.:_.„. ....—,,,,,,,, ' lig.- ~ 4x, , , /Al ___ / i_. , ,,. ~„„ 4 ji':: - ,trif . 7 '... - , ..:. • ,ii' , '.. ~."-i), I:14 . ' ' '''' , , , i:,;,4.,,,, -...,,/,'?,. fil- • -1:- -A,.. ~...,,zy4,,,,1irattx,;;Jp,.%.,.,,,, ,‘;‘,l `,,>,,. .A;it / , --4-_---,..--.1 ' i i'fli'll ,i•,.,/311 ~, ?II? ;,,:,,:i„;c,:-/".' .. •k , i 4,15„ )7/ 0 •,,4 - , , ip 0., h/.4•1A• l', a,t 1 .IN •1,, " &jeii-V/11:1•19.1 ' ,-- I /0. ' '-' - • ''',-ii . /1 !ill :!iiiii i • //Pl,/,,,,,,;1;;E 'll'iiik ~- 1 "' :., &..n ...,,,..-.f i'• -/ •/,.•:?1,/,/ I '•';• 1•!l'is, ti / k/"•1: iVi i. 6 (--)',.)1t;•4, ,'' 1,. ,-,1.4,-.4c/ I WIT/ ' typ . 1 I.J. , ...4.4,:-..rn2,...:1, .- 1,4?„..•-,, - ..-./A.W•'. , 1i i I I,: 4 1 -, 'r,, r• ,i _A/ ..../..;-5,-;,-1/ p..,,,,P; - •ifo ,_ .:, -../, . ~fet.s4, -2, .1 !, ,i. , J., , ...,1,/ io,„ •; / lig :' z '74l ..,1 •:-.-",;,,, ~ t- 1 'f',l•• , Afr , r, i i 1,. pii,lnt , 1 4 /.;7,,,,/,. ii, /////i),c7,* •.:... : i.,.? !' , .... ••o• •,, ~,,.,;,:, ii * piPiriL i ,itt\ 11,,ii,Nv., / II /.../ ,•• -',„ ~,,r, ~,,, ...• .„ , , , ~. , . , ~.,,,i, ~, , ,‘ . . ~, ji , ~ill i. //- / /4 //,,:'/:qick''..s.l % .4' ,?, ', 4:jrt -ILI liittfill Iki '•rt'• r '4. I / /// / 7.71141',/"4.'i Pligi . ....,. __,A- ‘-,,,, 1-- ~;9_,• II -g .1 ~ ,I. 1 if.•:/1/41.1,./1/1///////, :1 '.! iiiioll; I • / / • 1 1p , , ~ ~, , • /i ; - `..s--_-41------ J-114 1 r - ____......_:_7:x:.----.:.:- ,!,•:,,..1.4. ........_

H.R.H. THE PRINCE OF %VALES STARTING THE FIRST CAR.

iiIIIAI ~.yr .............__.;.:, , \ .k.- -01-1;.....4aki li \ ) --- - :._,..„......„.„......_ -....m.„.,--

===== 0002601_19030522_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BREAKER OF THE MOTOR MILE RECORD.

Considerable interest attaches to the most recent feat of Mr. Alexander Winton, the well-known American snotor driver, as he will be one of the three representatives of the States in the Gordon-Bennet Cup contest. He has set up a new record across the Atlan- tic of z minute 2 seconds, and he is expected to take a very leading place in Ireland, as he 2S a magnificent "driver of great nerve and has a fine car. The world of motors is just now very active and full of life, as on Sunday begins the great Paris to Madrid rare, the former of the season's international events. This will occupy some three days, and be run

------,....

MR. ALEX. WINTON ON HIS RECORD-BREAKING CAR.

in stages owing to the great distance, and it is -expected close on 300 cars will start! The roads ih France are in perfect condition, but the same cannot be said of those on the other side of the Pyrenees. In July comes the Gordon- Bennett Cup, and it seems as though Ireland will be very full for the great event. So little chance is there of getting accommodation in the neighbourhood owing to everything having been booked up, that the Automobile Club is making arrangements to set up tents for their members. Both these races are of Particular interest owing to the International flavour, and England is making every effort to hold the place she won last year.

.............. -1------14- ./.----- - ---. :"-9-= _____________.‹...!:<___,.!. -- ____.--- _ • ) ~,,..----- .--.-;:::.% _____ ____ ____,.,.------....------ • ,_____- tr/5„,* / ~.,, cc; ;,:.;•-4-. __-•_----'--..,-----;---r-4.:, ..,--,ri ,' 2 --- .*-:' --.-----5:-_--:-----------7 4.,, 2N,,-- - , -_,•-- - ... •>, - ---4)- ,'" _ .. •„...t, '..:,... v., --••-•'-. r6r.:- ' ' it, - -.._•,ri, . ''' r7::_ Y,' 4l' ' ' 'tl,l- ••L '. •I. l' ' - __,..-.: __ , • to, , • .N 1,1 -:-------- -...____.-----_-_-I.4:_rz'------- 4S,;_ci-zi -------___---------_________ _ __----:_-----7::- P-.,.-7-5-Z--; --* - • --------------_____ ---___,....___ ..77 ...--- --------;----------- - -

===== 0002601_19030522_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESTON'S NEW M.P.

Mr. John Kerr, who succeeds the late Mr. iianbury as member for Preston, is of Scottish Parentage. He is 5o years of age and was educated at St. Andrews and Glasgow Univer- sities. He is an engineer, and has been all his business life associated with the profession, more especially in connection with the build- ing and equipment of tramways. He is the Principal member of the firm of Dick, Kerr nnd Co., of Kilmarnock and Preston, in which latter, town the firm has founded during the last five years large electrical equipment and tram works, employing at the present time between 1,500 and 2,000 men. Mr. Kerr is a magistrate for East Lothian, is a sportsman,

~200 Mat , ; ' Y, ''. 1.41.4 k, la: '' '- , , _ . \I es.: -.. 1 : - 1 , -;?.;1141,;-:: ~, \ ~ , . \ , ~ , . ~ ._,v ,/,, „, . ' ...-4,-;,_.-„:.......,,...i1ii\ .\ s\ -t\ 11k0 ,s, , , \ .N. -....--, • \' , ' ''t ' 1 --,-.....---...__ , b NN s ... ~.- - \ \

===== 0002601_19030522_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
'TR. J. KERR, THE NEW MEMBER FOR PRESTON:

Ind is also fond of agricultural pursuits, and interested in the breeding of hackneys, of Which he has been an exhibitor. At the Ueneral Election of t9oo Mr. Kerr contested liaddingtonshire against the Right Hon. Richard, Haldane, K.C., but was defeated by 378 votes on a total poll of 4,958. Mr. John I:Iodge, of Manchester, the defeated candidate, I,S essentially a representative of labour, and -:)Y birth a Scotsman. He is and has been =9r the past twenty years secretary of the teel Smelters' Association, ..and a prominent 1-ieniber of the Trades Union body. He was president of the Trades Union Congress at '`-ilasgow in 182, and the following year pre- sided on the Eno-lish Day at the International racks Union Congress at Zurich. He is a niember of the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union ConoTess, and a 'member of the Executive Council of the Labour Repre- entation League, of which body he was last veal vice-chairman, and is this year chairman.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMMONWEALTH:

steps in the matter of the depth of the river and dry dock accommodation, to put Clyde shipbuilders on the same footing as their com- petitors elsewhere. Fairfield Yard has earned renown and the envy of builders in all countries by building the Commonwealth in the reCord time of ten months. Her con- struction has gone on so quietly that she has been launched with two birds' nests in her hold. The Commonwealth will have a dis- placement of 16.350 tons. She is 425 ft. long, with 78 ft. beam, and a draught of 261. Her indicated h.p. is to be 18,000, with a speed of 18.5 knots, A feature of the ship will be that her ten 6 irr: guns are to be pro- tected by an armoured battery in place of casemates, Her armalmnt will consist of four 9.2 in. guns and 24 smaller guns.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW TECHNICAL COLLEGE FOR GLASGOW.

One of the chief features of the King's most Successful and popular visit to Scotland was his day in Glasgow, where he received a rous- ing reception. Arriving at Queen Street Station their Alajeities drove straight to the site of the New Technical College, which was the osten- sible object df their visit: The building will stand at the corner of George Street and St. John Street, and there great stands had been erected to aCcomodate • five thousand people. It was raining in torrents; but this did not damp the enthusiam of the loyal onlookers. The King laid the foundation stone with the usual ceremony, which was followed by an

WILL LOOK.

Ippreciatlve speech, thanking the city /or its loyalty and its reception. As a memorial the King was presented with a silver trowel with a handle of ivory and gold, an exceptionally large and fine ivory mallet, • fifteen inches in circumference, and a level and plumb of gold, all suitably inscribed. After the ceremony had been concluded their Majesties visited the magnificent Municipal -r3uildings, the New Art Galleries, the University, .and other places of interest, leaving Glasgow from Maryhill Station shortly alter five in the evening, and returning to Dalkeith. The visit appeared to give pleasure on every side, and not least of all to the King and Queen themselves.

i .......-- 1 . ........., i e'' - - ' ) . _-.---,..... •‘- \\-_, •...-_- - - -...-- ___,_ 4.,......4 - I Pl.*lArr`Wf7":) 4Wkliji I. 111 t—l j tl• I.' • i . . ,I, • . .M. n_L_ ' 4 i i 1.,• to .. 7 , I all 4 ...,:fil-fip:lo :119, whl ilfif.:-.. t 4 7--i; --1-!'-'7-----=-7--_,-:---= ______ r--....;

HOW THE EXTERIOR OF THE NEW COLLEGE

===== 0002601_19030522_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TROUBLE IN MOROCCO.

The civil war in Morocco, or rather the revolt of the Sultan's brother from his authority, is not attracting t4e attention it deserves in Great Britain, for the Moors are living in stirring times. Despite its proximity to Europe. Morocco is one of the least civilised countries in the world, and one of the most fanatical even amongst Mohammedans. There are prac • tically no roads, and the whole country is in- fested by wild tribes, who live by plunder. Morocco City and Fez are the chief towns, but Tangier is the best known, as many European visitors pass the winter there. The present trouble has recently centred round the typical

=:---M, N '''''• 'N".-,0-• ', s \ - ' ftA\_ 4\\NN ---- \c,s • i-*--- \ ~,-;_::':1-.:-,,i'zr•—•,,. ,:40-,.:_ ' 7,--.. --,...4-7.?-;;": .-_,.... - - z. -_--1,----.' —7,:,--- -"----...1,-,---- - '.,-----------,A;11...., •.• ":.-- ' ---4C-'sfit."---Al•-'- ".--.:2°,7?-^,-2.7,1--- - • _ -- ---. ....:-------- ...,-.......:":7......,,,,, r,,,A, ' 4 pra--- • " , ....u., ,••: ~.. ...., • work ' ...., "bw,",,, ) f

===== 0002601_19030522_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
TETUAN.

Moorish town of Tetuan, which. is forty miles from Tangier by road, and forty-eight miles by sea from Gibraltar. It had 'been practically in a state of siege for some time, as the Kabyles had concentrated their forces round it; but towards the end of last week it was relieved by reinforcements, sent by the Sultan by sea on a British steamer, who inflected a crushing defeat upon the rebels. This may help to clear up the situation: but if not, European intervention is talked of as possible. It is stated' from Gibraltar that the Spanish Government has thrown up defences at Ceuta, where six heavy suns will be mounted.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
„I ~ ~. _

TRAINING COLLEGE BAZAAR. The Dean of Manchester's Humour.

TOTAL PROCEEDS.

On Saturday afternoon the Dean of Manchester re- opened the bazaar held in the Parr Hall, Warriaqton, with the object of liquidating a debt on the practising schools in connection with the Training College and raising a fund to transform Orford Hall into a hostel for the accommodation of more students. The Rev, Morley Stevenson presided andlin the course of his observations confessed that on the first day they were& little bit disappointed with the results. A far larger number of people attended on Friday and in the evening the room was very full, a good deal of vigour and energy being shown on all sides. He had every reason to believe that that would be very much more the case that day, in spite of the inclemency of the weather. He would like to explain that although the sums they had taken by the actual sale of goods had not been so large as they might have wished, those amounts by no means represented the measure of interest which was being felt in the cause. He thought he ought to tell them that they had a subscription list which amounted to over £9oo—(applause)—and various gifts of money which had been sent in by kind friends who had not been able to attend the bazaar, would materially swell the total receipts. They were not therefore entirely dependent upon the sums realized at the bazaar. Although that was the third day of the bazaarthey did not intend to give away the things which had not been sold, nor did they intend to reduce to any great extent. They were by no means at the end of their resources and they had other means which be would not mention of disposing of all the goods which were left on the stalls. In asking the Dean of .IVanches- ter to re-open the bazaar, the Principal said he took a very deep and sincere interest in the welfare of the college and the institutioi owed a debt of gratitude to him which it could never re-pay: (Applause). The DEAN of Manchester was in a facetious mood. It was, he said, an act of supererogation to open a bazaar. He thought it was one of the pieces of cant of the present day that no bazaar coulabe considered to be open unless someone came and told people who walked in atthe opm door that the bazaarwietopen.(Eaughter).Allniling to the Principal's statement with regard to the subscriptions he had received. the Dean said he never divulged matters of that kind, lie was running a particular fund at pre- sent in Manchester, but be never told a single creature how much he had in the exehequer, (Laughter.) He found he alwayswanted something more. Of course he would publish a balance-sheet at the end. and some people would be surprised to find that so much money had been collected. (Laughter.) Speaking of the object-of the bazaar he referred to the necessity which existed for the provision of further. means of educating those who were to educate the children. If there was one thing more than another which sat close to his 'heart it was that they should spread their net as wide as they could, and show those who were not altogether in sympathy with them that the Church of England was in the very forefront of the educational system of the country, particularly in the matter of training their students for. teaching. (Applause.) They wanted to live up to their past; they wanted to justify their present it 7.; well as they felt they could certainly justify their past. In wishing success to the bazaar he said he did ant know why a similar effort on a small scale should not have been made in the three cities with which the Training College was connected—Chester, Man- chester, and Liverpool. He was quite sure Warrington would do its best. Hehad every confidence in Warrington; he admired Warrington—(applause)— at a respectful distance. (Laughter.) He thought, to use a vulgar expression, that it took the cake in the narrowness of its streets. There was a very strange mixture in Warrington. It seemed to have one foot in the past and was trying to make- an effort to put a foot into the present and the future. (Laughter.) It had got its work before it,and had a great deal to do before it mended its ways. (Laughter.) He wished God- speed to the undertaking and hoped at the close of the bazaar they Would be able to contribute a handsome sum to the object they had in view. (Applause.) On the motion of the Rey. E. C. E. CARLETON, seconded by Mr. ATKIN, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Dean, and the sale of work was resumed. The receipts for the three days were :—Thursday, £l4O (is, 11d. ; Friday, £lO2 18s, 5d.; and Saturday, £164 Cs. Bd., making a total of £407 12s.

WARRENGTON V. NORNllERN.—Warrington journeyed to Waterloo on Saturday, but owing to the wretched weather the match had to be abandoned after a short spell of play. Sore

W A RRINGTON.

E. A. Connor 13 Holsinger 3 P. B.Elmwtin 9 not out - W. H. Podinore not, out ll 2 Extras

Total .

95

WARRINGTON CO-OPER % T EVE v. B (ACKLEY CO- OPERA- TIVE.—PIayed on Tuesdayat Blackley. Score : WARRINGTON. BL CKLEY. J. Robinson c Guilford R. Bain lbw b Row- b Butterworth 1 botham J. Birch b Guilford 3 D. Guilford c Ta.ylor b P. Johnson c Stafford 13 Mann • 22 Butterworth J.Starkey b Butterworth 5 W.Stafford lbw bMann 2 W. Kay c Broadhead b A. Batterworthc and b Guilford W. Mantic Guilford b E. Ifaymen c Kay b Butterworth 5 Ro wb o than). 0 D.Banner b Butterworth 8 J. Ferrier run out S.Rowbotham c Guilford J. Broadhead b Mann 3 b Butterworth 3 S. Oldie not out 0 R. Taylor b Butterworth 2 NV. Tinker c Maim b J. Bennion b Butter- Robinson worth 0 W. Bayliss c Birch b A. Critchley not out 1 Mann 1 Extras

Total 49

Total

===== 0002601_19030522_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ~.,,,,, 9 t ~, iii, ele, I-' 7; 4 ~,...- ..,_ -

The Examiner, Friday, May 22, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
LEG GUARDS. Ordinary Shape, 3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 6/6, fa 8/6 per pair I Semi-Skeleton, 5/3, 6/9, 7/6, 8/9, 10/6 per pair 0 Skeleton, 8/6 per _-"".• pair. CRICKET BOOTS. Brown Leather, 6/6, 7/6, 10/6 I White Buck, 8/9, 10/6, 15/6

k' 1 BATTING GLOVES. •; p3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 6/6, 41.: 7/6, 8/6 -- WICKET- KEEPING GLOVES. 3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 6/6, 8/6, 10/6 BALLS. ©Challenge • 2/6 Suggcess - • 3/6 ' Klynker - • 4/6 ' " Witch • • 5/6 GIICKET BAGS, 4/6, '6/6, 7/6, 10/6, 12/6. •:I

- ° I CU E oa U if „ --,.1-LR D ST .. r FREE _ LIVERPOOL" °°."'

===== 0002601_19030522_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A DRUNK EN'HUSBAND.-WIFE OBTAINS A SEPARATION ORDER.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Friday, 31ary Mills, 13, Catherine-street, applied for a separation order ^gainst her husband on the around that he Wa 3 an habitual drunkard.—Complainant stated that her husband had been of drunken habits for I)bout thirteen years and was scarcely ever sober. He suffered from cleliriun tremens nearly every week,and in consequence of his threats when in drink she was afraid to live with him.—Defendant contended that the facts were not as bad as stated by his wife.—The magistrates granted a separation order with gl perweek alimony.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Minor Cases. Warrington Borough Police Court.

FraD.A.Y.-=-Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Alder- man Smethurst, Councillor John Roberts, Messrs. Birchall, Young, Hepherd and Thornton. WOMAN ASS AU rirED TN' CH URC 11-STRE i zabeth Cotton, WillianlSOn's-sqiiitre, summoned Margaret Hill. also residing in Williamson's-square, for assaulting her onthe 7th inst. There was a cross-summons against Mrs. Cotton for assault.—Mrs. Cotton stated that she. was walking along Church-street and Viewing someone coming behind her turned round. Immediately she did so Mrs. Hill struck her On thehea,d withta basin.—Mrs. Hill admitted the assault but stated that Mrs. Cotton first seized her by the hair and struck her in the face She retaliated in self-defence.;—The magistrates fined Mrs. Hill ss. and costsand dismissed the cross-summons. PROVOC AT FON.—john Delooze was summoned for. committing wilful damage to the door of a house in Hay- dock-street, the property of Frederick J. Carlisle—Mr. Longton appeared for the prosecutor and stated that it had been ascertained that defendant damaged the door after receiving great • provocation. He asked the magistrates to adjourn the case, - for a week in order that the defendant might make good the damage.—This course was agreed to.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr.Birchall (in the chair), Aide man Hutchinson' and Mr. Geddes. REFR A CTORY PAUPER SENT TO PRISON.—JanteS Nelson was charged that being a casual inmate of the Warrington Workhouse be refused to perform his task. On. Tuesday he was given a task of work, but he refused to do anything. He had to be taken to the cells, and when there he struck John Constable, the porter, in the mouth. On Wednesday morning he again refused to work and broke a window. PrisDner was sent to gaol for one month.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions

WEDNESDAY.—Before Captain Withington and Mr. T.

jialtofl

DOVS WITHOUT LICENCES.—A fine of 7s 6d and costs was inflicted on the following for keeping dogs without licences :—John Vadley, Burtonwood ; Emma Dawson, Penketh ; William Glover. Penketh ; Margaret Mary Hughes, Poulton ; and Thomas Berrv, Poulton.

.„ REMOVING SWINE WITHOUT AN ORDER.—Ann Walsh and John Patten, of Wooiston, were summoned for moving three pigs frQrn NVoolston to Martinscroft in contravention Qf the Swine Fever Regulations.—lt was stated that the defendants applied for a removal de- claration several hours after the pigs had been re- moved.--The defendants were ordered to pay the costs.

WityrsurTi DE Excuits ros.—For the convenience of the public the Great Central Railway Company have intro- duced a novel feature by publishing an ABC programme showing the whole of their Whitsuntide Holiday Excu- rsion facilities from stations on their system alphabetic- ally arranged. It has formally been the custom to issue these arrangements in detail by means of handbills, but it will be readily seen that the new feature possesses in formatiOn in a more advantageous form, as it embraces the whole of the cheap excursion bookings to-the princi- pal sea-side. and pleasure resorts on that and other Company's systems.—Copies can be obtained free on application at the stations- or any of the Company's Town °Hides or Agencies.

SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES Allen's Foot Base, a powder. It cures paintul, smart- ing, nervous feet, and ingrowing nails, and instantly t.kes the sting out of corns hud bunions. It's the great- est comfort discovery of the age. Allen's Foot-Base maks(' tight or new booti feel easy. It is a tertain cure ' for sweating, callous, swollen, hot, tired, aching feet. 'try it Tc-nsv. Of all Chemists and Stores. Price is. 4d. ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE. POST FREE FOR Is. 10. Trial Package FRBB.Address: ALLEN S. Olmsted, 14, bilver Street, Uloomsbury Square, Loudon,

===== 0002601_19030522_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

IVARRINGTON NVORKS COgPETITrON.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Fl RST ROUND

WHITECHOSS (No. 2) v. FORSHAW'S ENGINEERS.— These teams met in the initial match in tin, above com- petition, which was played over the green attaythed to the Kingand Queen Hotel on Monday evening. About 300 persons witnessed the contest, and the trundling at times was of a very high standard. The issue of the game was in the balance repeatedly, and at the close Whitecross won an excitin contest by nine points. Mr. G. Ball was the referee. Score :

WIIITECROSS NO. 2. I'ORSIIAW'S ENGINEERS. Fred Dean (Captain) 2 P. Llwton (Captain)... 15 S. L. a

W. Jones l5 W. Taylor , ll Arthur Latimer l3 G. Whatmough R. Tilling 6 A. Podmore .1. Mather lO C. Newton l5 .1. Hewitt l5 P. Wilkinson ll J. Percival D. Wrench

W. Gleave A. Siddall G. Warburton l5 R. Kettle

Total 141

Total 135

Music in the Park.

Mr. T. J. Down's Military Band will play the following selections. of music (weather permitting), on ThurAday evening next, commencing at 7.15. Con- ductor, Hr. T. J. Downs Programe : "El Capitan," Sousa ; overture, " Fru Diavolo," Amber • selection, `-‘ The Goad°tiers," Sullivan ; valse, "A. Toi," Waldteufel ; selection, " America," Winter - bottom ; galop, Eldorado," Fricke ; " God save the King." Alleged Theft of Brandy.

At the Warrington Court on Tuesday, before Mr. F. A. Frost, Thomas Leigh, a Lymin.mari, was charged with stealing a bottle of brandy from the Ram's Head, Grappenhall, on Saturday night, the property of Ralph (lhirke:' Prisoner was in the public house named on Saturday, and after he left the brandy was missed. Id wination was giveh to the police,and on search being made the bottle was found in an outbuilding at his lodgings, Leigh Villas, Knutsford- road, Grappenhall. Prisoner was arrested Ly• Bourne.—lle was remanded until_ Thursday in order to see if lie could obtain bail before being re- manded to Daresbury Petty Sessions.

• As a train from Edinburgh waA pissing between Ber- wick and Newcastle on Tuesday, the oil cup used for greasing thelbars underneath the engine. flew through the look-out place in/ front, of the van next to the engine striking J. Robbins, the guard. Ho wns instantly

===== 0002601_19030522_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
15 Buns for /d.

Yo—u can make 15 large, light, delicious, and wholesome buns from id. packet of Eiffel Tower Bun Flour for a total cost of 3121. It is so easy to use that a child can snake delicious buns with certain success.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PF.CORD OF CORRESPONDENCE.

Some friends were arguing amongst themselves, which person received most letters. This is cer- tainly the Proprietors of the Genuine FER BRAvAIs (Bravais Iron) in concentrated drops. • From all quarters of the globe, they are asked for this marvellous product which reproduces the \human blood, which restores to health sufferers from the most menacing forms of anaemia and the most despairing state of weakness. What still further increases this fabulous cOrrespon- , deuce, are the testimonials and letters of thanks from all countries of the world, which proves that humanity is not so ungrateful as. they say.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
a iße 0 c Wonderfult Inriipzo ler s foo;t: Sot- Dales' es, tenpsleaansadnrtireorideoruvres job, je, leatb ID ,polish- log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHIEST AWARDS. Tins 2d., 6d., 11- 6.2/6 of Boos 1:101611 1 bin Makers, Saddlers, Ironmongers &c. Manntactory East Dubvsch, Louxion.

ita Smart Ladies I

Don't allow your pretty hats and bonnets to become faded and dowdy. Protect them and yourselves! How! do 'ou say? Well, for a very nail sum you can make them .st twice as long. Send a postal ,rder and receive direct from nanufacturers ladies ISct. gold cased mounted umbrellas. A handsome article, special cheap line, 6/2. Ladies'very handsome guaranteed all silk, sunshades, Scarlet, Navy, Grey, Cornflower .e, and White ; also fancy Black and latest fashion, 5/6. Ladies' attractive .mbrellas, 2/6. Fancy print sunshades, io.. Grey, Blue and Red, 213. All these a little than half shop prices. Packed in boxes and sent nssed

. . 1., yarn' door carriage paid. Stylish I,a purses, finequality, with silk cort4 stratiott, 1/8 (Post free). y,at 1,11 be agreeably •

S Wits

~ t, yl '-----__ '0 SM 1 & lasi or ? Tr /*I 1------'' LTelin . Rose. Pink '. T:iniuoisr • ,•ripe, 1 I..unr. a

embc :d and tat— Just try us and 42. - tiff

===== 0002601_19030522_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
- i,,-;)r;se•I at the N'Au. returned_ if not

Postal Orders

Remember we save

anti money in

ir 17n. is. and railway

IltP Aloha Warehonse r:0..61 fltsihall Street Lowlon A wqn eveTywhere.

?1,..,ge write, ladies-.

HULME•III COMPOUND PENNYROYAL & STEEL , PILLS FOR FEMALE IRREGULARITIES. ike...re the beet and always effective; in boxes li. lid. and 2s. 9d,= best 4s. 9d. post free. FRAME, CHEMIST, NOTTINGHAM. Estabfialual IS6O.

51PROVED INJECTION SYRINOII.—A Speciality for Farmers and Vets. This Syringe, with Detachabb. Nozzle, should be on every farm. RS It is useful for ordinary Injections into the vagina, for the prevention of Abortion in rows. Usefwl also for Horses. Cattle and large Pigs. Price 3s 6d; °stage 4d extra. Sturdy Instruments, 10s 9d, 11s 94, 14s 9d per set. Bull Nese Cutters, 5s 34. post tree. Cash with order.frran JOHN R MoFFAT,Cattle Marlcet.ll4exham FOR. 35 YEARS HAS I

CURED 341• p.c. tree sample Hayman, Isc, Albemarle St. E.C. Co ITCrifir& cordo

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEVI. The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to starched Linen,Laces.eto It does not stick to spider—web-like materials. Sold everywhere In Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each.

PREPARED ONLY BY ORITegLEY, Chemist, BLAOKBURN. 7, Whitecross StrePt. London, W.

czzllG;3l;=;liiiiio

IJAYMAN'S 1.1 BALSAMLI

.1 fli • V ~) . is :-: - At *. 111-1 , . ]

===== 0002601_19030522_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
rKE

TINS 3d.64. Is

BELLOWS 9d

FROM £lO 10s. To .e 25.

HUMBER CHAIN-DRIVEN

-----NlTh 0 ISZ)1 POWDER;, LS _ -- 4, .. ~-. . ).'. ..- .:„.6.11(.,....... .• * -...r.--- --, -4$ .: f-itEAS BUGS MI THS BEETLES •. IWS9d._ ." .13_10k Ble iis , 16. , / , \ ) .• C . Is - -1" c ''

===== 0002601_19030522_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR CYCLES

FROM i.O 42. Cash or Deferred Payments.

cautiful Figure . isewured to wearers of this perfect Corset. The latest model of a fashionable expert, anatomical constructed to give strong support and improve- Improved Health ment to the figure. Ladies who use this new model norset say it is far and away the best eves manu- factured. '4,,•., 1, ,; !Ain't: PATENT • Illir,' ; SIDE-SPRINC CORSET

Beautiful in Construction. Unrivalled in Style. d in accordance with physiologivil principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the of the body, and the side supports are usints.ilLAßLZ. Modelled in different shapes to Suit , types of figures, they yield a most gracefulond rounded appearance. ImPriCOSESe 3/111% to 10/8. otainable from the principal Drapers and lAdies' Outfitters, hut if any difficulty in procuring, Write Mr name of nearest Agent. Insist on having the .1. 13. skie.Sprma Corset—The Best. lISPORTANT.—The wear of every LB. Corset Is absolutely guaranteed by the—. Sole Manufacturer J. S. BLAIR, Great Ancoats Street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1:1,‘ 1, . Tic

===== 0002601_19030522_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r ' :iji 1!I '

===== 0002601_19030522_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
s ‘,l ,-4

; , . ' Li ;:.; \ i ~, Y . , -.-.1!

fr=

, i

I ; r , r 4, • it ! , , i ,

===== 0002601_19030522_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CV. "o;:anuner oPertes

IE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE RXAMINER." published every Saturda.-. morning. T"..EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINEE, published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" " RuNcoarr EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. THE " WIDNES EXLMIL 'ER," published every Friday afternoon.

PR EPAI 0 ARTMENTS W ANT F;D PARTMENTS TO LET

ris EINIEN T

HOW! ES:W ANTED HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS WANTS

RTICLES LO3T

MLYZMILLtNEOU3 SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

BTICLES F3(314D

===== 0002601_19030522_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ES ontestir gperbants, ett

AiT ANTED, a grol GE N HEAL S tiVAIST;—Apply Y GEORGE HOTEL, Mossley, M.nchester.

WANTRD G.lllllllttAL omktVANT, able to cook, early riser.—apply Dr DUNCAN. Tyldesley.

WANTISD a GIiNNUAL SHRSTAtif with reference.— Apply WHITE HORSE HOTEL, Leigh, Lancashire.

WAN2HD. General SHEWANT for small f tmily ; Protestant; washing.—Mcs. WILSH, 67 Belgrave road, Darwen,

WANTHD HOUSSMAID wages £lB. Three in family Mr. J. LocKwoon,tilack Hock House,Linthwaitexasr iluddersfiell.

WTANTBD. a young GIiNER&L, age 16, good home for suitable gicl.—Apply 139, 011ORLToti ROAD, Brooke's Bar. Manchester.

WA.NTRD Good GHNI4I3AL, with good references. Protestant.—Apply 12 Littlerland Park, Lither- :and, Liverpool.

WASTED COOKS, Generals, Laundry-maids; good wages.--Mrs. POTTS. Registry Office, 33, Buxton raad. Macclesfield.

4,V ANTBD MAMMAL, for family ot two; good wages, V T Att: ref erences.—Apply Mrs DooTsoar, Speak.nan House, Glazebury, Manchester.

ANTANTED WALTRICSB and GBSII3IIAL. (look and Groom kept. (one son).—BOTTOMLEVEI REGISTRY, MOriey -street, Bridford, Yorks.

WANTED at once COOK-GBSIiKAL. two in family; three seryants.—Mes. BURY, ti,aodit ord Cottage, Holmes Chapel, Cheshire.

wANTBD A YOUNG GIRL in a private house to assist In Housework, small family, comfortable place. 42, LZYLA.-ND ROAD, Southport.

WATT/3D, GOOD GONBRA.L. at once; reference required,—Apply Pdra. Swim Packet Houle Hotel, linrscough Bridge, near Orrnskirk.

WANTED. GENERAL ; two in family; good home to trustworthy capable person.—Addresa Mrs. D.viEs, Newmarket Rectory, Rhuddlan, R.S.O.

I ANTED, HOUSEMAID-WAIPHESS and KITCHEN- Vi'WALD; good home; liberal wage3.-31Irs• ALCOCK , Swan Hotel, Bucklow Hill, Knutaford.

&NTBD, GOOD G81413R %J. SlittVADir, with good VY references ; wages £l3 per year.—A.cdress M.B , 4, Rimmer's avenue, Portland street, Southport.

LL CLASSRSOFdIittVaSi's ready trom country or CV town,public and private.—Call or write Miss HARRISON'S only offi3e). 6. Oldham street. Manchester. listab. 1862.

GENERALS (good), Cook-Generals, Housemaids. Kitchen- maids Wanted. good references indispensable.—Mke. _NIGHTINGFALE. Cheatham Hill Registry Office, Manchester.

WANTRD, COOK-GENBRAL. June 13t; three family; doctor's house ; housemaid kept; good wages.— References, &c,. to VALENTINE HousE,Blackley. Manchester.

VI/ANTED COOK-GENERPLL and Housemaid-Waitress, Age, wages, references and experience. to Miss N LANCASHIRE, 121 Barlow Moor road, ildsbury, Manchester.

LIXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES, at a LA moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES Ixemu- TION, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

NI RS. READ REQUIRSS number Superior SSRVANTS ..Ti every Capacity, reliable situations, Lodgings procured. Established 23 years.—SELECT lEGISTRY. usbolme. Manchester.

WANTE D. good Plain Country COOK, bike and wash. £2O; two miles from Alderley ; two in family three servants kept; good /references required,—BErcirr South Bank. Alderley Edge.

WANTBD, KITCHHN MAID with some knowledge of cooking; only two ladle.; in family, little washieg ; Housemaid kept, &c.—Apply to Hiss COLEGATE, 24 King's Mount, Oxton, Birkenhead.

CIOOKS WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitresses £lB V to ER, Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRIsoN'S, 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

wANTED General SERVANT, good character, who can wash and cook; abstainer, in small family ; comfort- able borne, address, giving age, wages, references.—Mrs WOODS. Orrneville, Balfour road, Llandudno.

ALL OLASSIIS OF SITUATIONS, private and public good homes. excellent wages ; places in town, country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDRBT ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6, Oldham street, lidanchlster.

WANTRD FORTY GOOD SRHVANTS for Hotels,Board- ing and private Houses for Blackpool and district, good wages; enclose stamp.—Mrs PRESTON'S REGISTRY. 44 Charles-street Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

WANTHCI GIRL, refined. not under 18. to take care of two children and assist in household duties ; refer- ences required: good wage,, Call between one and two or after six.—THE UPLANDS, Wint m. road, Bowdon.

IVANTED, General SERVANT. 20 to 22; no tamily ; washinz. Good comfortable home for suitable nerson. Apply 2ivlng characterl,r referencesot wages required —vim SCHOFIELD. Grosvenor Villa. Heaton Park, near hlanche9ter.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
I.Co be tet.

PBNKBTFL—Cottares 4s Od., 31. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week BANK STRFIBT OFFICB. £5 room. OPPICBS MARKET STRBBT 27 CATHBRIgIi STRERT, 45. 34., per week. 15 PIBRPOTNT STREBT. 4s. Od.. per week. 143 KNUTSvoRD ROAD, £l4 Der year. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Bstate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War. tinzton. Telephone—No 55.

TrO BR LET OR SOLD.—PRNICRTILnear WARRINGTON I —The old Penketh CABINET WO IC wi',o • oeis and other buildings, suitable for nisnufaeturinir PutPoles.—APPlY Mr. itOBRIM Lows!, I. Bank-street, Warrington.

pRNKRTH.—Semi-detached Residence, " /Cast Bank. Hall Nook, Penketh ; 3 entertaining /*Dome, bath, etc., large warden, rent £3o.—Apply. Mr It LowE, Rstate Agent, 1, Bank street, Warrington. Telephone No. 55.

LET HOUSE AND SHOP, 18, Market Streat, Barles- town—App'y: R. JON, 6, Bridge St., Barlestown.

To LBT.—HOUSB off BRWSBY-ROAD, rent 4s 64; 3 _I bedroonis.—Apoly ,Wooos AND SON. Solicitors, Horse- rnftrket strept, Warrinzton.

BE LBT OR SOLD. good Family Dwelling Honse, No. 1 9^, Bewsey road.—For particulars apply BURROWS 19, Stanley street, WR rrin gton

SHOP and DWBLLING with workro-nn, snit millinerotc.. in Bewsey street, adjoining tailor, grocer, hosiery, hardware. &c.—Apply SKELLAND,63a, Bewsey st Warrington.

rlO LET. STA.BLR and COXCHI4OII6I4. witb lofts ovo J, large yarcVattached off Tanners Lane.—Apn'y WOODS & Solicitors. 65, Horsetnarketstree Warringt3n•

110r6t5. TarriatirO, tibe *tork,

ON SALE. good PONY (wed) and trap. with harness ac, —EGERTON. &Adler, Booth's Hilt, Lyrnm.

f SALB. 100 COLLARS, all sizes : 12 sets of Harness; / 6 slets Van and Cart Harness.—W. Cumataw, 3. Copy Nook. Blackburn.

WAGGONHTTIC, to seat 16; another to seat 24 ; in good order; also Station 'Bus to seat eight.—Apply I. STOCKER, 24, Lowhill, Liverpool,

I[lo Bi ULD cheap, 3 wAGGONIiI:TI43, to carry 20. 12 1_ and 10; rem,yable tops; equal to new ;no reason- able offer refused.—Apply Jonti DRAPER, sandy lane, Lowton St. Mary's, Newton-le-Willows.

A IREDALII PUPPIES. 2 Dogs, 3 Bitches by Townley Xi Toff, make winners, plenty bone ; Prices 15s, 10s each; also Airedale bitch, pedigree, 23 months; broken f.rrets,good ratter, rabbiter. 25e ; full pedigrees given.—Tmomrsos, Blackburn street, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN

Why sn'wq from 'pains and misery caused by Nervonsnes Premat‘.re lishaustion. and Westing Weakness ? Send to my boot , which shows how every man, young and old, can ne thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACif DIRDIOINIi or BLROTRIOITY. Specimens of letters received, aud ovarinteed genui " I cannot find words to express nw Atan...at Rm. used to gaink I never would get curet. I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F. K." 4, I bay,, carried out your Instructions, and am now per fectly Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. Lzios. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.O. Sendat once end be cured. 12 Years Continnous Succee,

..MICAMINER PRINTING WORKS B BWBBY-STBEBT,WABBINGTVIC. TELEPHONE 10. oda •

jllotels, fvllros, fficartling estabs

DR. HARGRAVE'S FEMALE PILLS (WORLD FAMED). This safest and best remedy for ANAEMIA, DEBILITY, WEAENEB6,IRREGULARITY, and all other ailments peculiar to the sex. Invaluable to Women. PRICE 2s. 9D. ONE Box SUFFICIENT FOR CURE. Bole Agent fer the United Kingdom— J. ROGER, (Box 2). 3, ERSKINE ROAD, WALTHAMSTOW, LONDON.

Q bTIOLLING. 60 Bazaar Supplier, 11, RATCLIFFE. Ur. STREET, Melton road, Leicester.

PHARR GENUINFI OLD PRINTS post free 25. 6d _L livEßErr, 15, Mortimer street, London.

aID. GOODS.-12 doz. Leading Lines, 4139.—BAzieft V 2 SuPPL'ir, 7 toll, The Green, Belgrave, Leicester.

C 1 1C 110 HT BATS, all cane handles, men's, 31 6d each. Stock soiled.-788, OLD KENT ROAD, London.

NIT HITI SHIRTS, Irish, double bodies 2s 9.1 post free. —SANDERSoN, Shirtmakers. ffdzionton, London.

DLANCHRTTBS. Wonderful, Mysterious, Amusing. Planchette answers questions readily. Frequently used by Spiritualists Complete, with fuil instructions, 2s 6.1 post free.—J CHALMERS, 35 Russell street, City road, Manchester

===== 0002601_19030522_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 22, 1903.

gliaeltaitous, ngiates, cu.

illiatliatloo, it(alec.S, rte.

VATIONAL CASH REGISTHR for Sale,—apply ,to D., .1.1 32 Cable Street, E.

vi_INGIEtt BEER.—WiII send excellent recipe for 3 atampa, L„ 19, Commercial road, Bedford.

I{WIRED !MALAWI'S suctisr to f4tten lean no rses in 14 days, le Id.—LEGGETT, Iti, WiSbe,Ch.

-I)HRFEOT FITTING SUITS for Whitson, Order now.— A_ FRED INGRAM'S, 15 Newgsste street, 8.0.

M.ARVELLOUS ME XORY easily acquired. Book ehilling.—SlDEY, 8 Cullum street, 8.0.

LIARDEN SHLIARS, Ski blades, delivered 3s 6d oath.— GEORGE TURNER, Oakbrook-road, Sheffield.

ANIM Novelty in Cushion Slips, with three frills, only is 6d.—LANG, 21, Albany rout, Nnfield Wash.

AL.; ! MICH !—/Caslene 2 destroys.—Send Glace stamp (sampIe).—KASLENE Co., 6, Carey lane, London,

(IHRYSANTHMIUMS, strong plants, 2s. dozen free —J. V R. LIGHT.BOWN, Carlisle road, Birk,ille, Southport.

DALDNBSS, GttRYNESS, NO CURIC, NO rAY stamp 1) W. Fissxcis, 21, Cranworth Gardens, Brixton, London.

500 SHENTS Notepaper, Envelopes. Postcards, Is, sample free.—UIgIVENSA.I. STATIoNERY Co.,Tenby.

HANDhOSIFI Carved Wood Clock. Guaranteed time- keeper. Splendid ornament for any room, great game of donkey and 12 new pictoriai postcards ; 2)0 subjects, all aent carriage free in Great Britain on receipt of postal order for 31 6d, money bacic if not satisfactory.—THE CROWII NOVELTY Co., 143, 147, City road, London, S.C.

F"ll, Quality Fish.—My prices next week, quality and certain delivery guaranteed, best. plaice 3s 6d, cod, ling 1s 6d, headless haddocks 1s 2d, codlings Is 9d, linnons 3s per stone, kippers and bloaters large selected 3s per box, my 17s and 21s kits mixed fish with three kinds of dry a speciality. Special value for the coming week, order early. Basses, live fish, turbots halibut or brdls, 2s 9d, 3s, 3s 6d, carriage paid to all parts, P. 0.0. with order.— J. TIPLER, Fish Docks, arimsby.

eggs, Voultrp, etc.

1 CHICKENS 63, duckiings 8d week old. Satisfaction. 1 •-•1 guaranteed.—WEST. 25 Broadway, Deptford.

Mantel).

IvANTED Good TEAMSMAN.—AppIy R. TICKLE, Farmer, A Mean

Bo OK-KIMPING thoroughly taught by post in a month.— HAYLEk, Walsingham, Norfolk.

DRES S MAKING.—WANTSD. good BODICH and t3KIHT HAND.—Apply W. BENBoN, Sankey at., Warrington.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, , 4 4 WALTON " BICYCLE 10 10S.

THB min VALUB ON EARTH.

MADE TO ORDER FROM B.S.A. FITTINGS.

ANY TYRES. 1.17. H. IRELAND & CO

WALTON CYCLE WORKS,

GRHAT SANKEY, NEAR WAR RINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers kJ well. "After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ing."—J. BLISS, Heistborpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. Coox, Farmer, Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—O. WILSON. Offord.—Send Is 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St,Beds. Sold by Chemists.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
&bares.

gOOrkEil 35U55fittfACCO, dr.

NEWSAGHNT, Tobacco, Sweets, Stationery; good thor- oughfare; rent £35. —4.ppi v 79, KENSINGTON, Liverpool.

WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL, RIM BRAKES AT THE

ASTONISHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS,

ARE THE BEST VALUE 'THE WORLD IiAS YET

PRODUCHD.

BOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR 310T0R BICYCLES,

REE TRIAL ALLowED TO INTENDING 'PURCHASERS INsPECrION IS INVITED LT THE SHOWRoo3IS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE FITRE T, WARRINGTON.

RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE, THIS DAY. ALL FURNITURE REDUCED IN PRICE. ALL FLOOR COVERINGS REDUCED IN PRICE. TURKEY CARPETS, GREAT BARGAINS. ALL FOREIGN C kRPETS. GREAT BARGAINS. WINTER CURTAINS, G.REAT BARGAINS, cURTAIN MATERIALS, REDUCED TO LOW PRICES. ALL LACE CURTAINS AT REDUCED PRICES BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING A.T REDUCED PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS IN HANDSOME BEDROOM SUITES. EVERY ARTICLE UCEDRED IN PRICE, THIS DAY. AT RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE.

THIS DAY TO BlAllofi 14. lINCLUSIVE.

RAY & MILES, 34 TO 48, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

TUE Colonial S—aere' MR. CHAMBERLAIN retary has once more AS HOME RULER. become a centre of

interest and miner' tainty. A glowing light is thrown on the jacig- merit which has been formed of his character 11; other countries by the simultaneous declaration° certain German and American newspapers, that u:3 intends to overthrow Mr. BA.LFOUR and usurp 1315 place. And just at the moment when these thing, are being said there appears Mr. JusTrif MoCARTirY's book. In a baker's dozen of leading Parliamentarians, of course, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN" if; a prominent figure, and Mr. McCARTiir has some' thing to say about him which is not new t° politicians, which has never before been so plainlY revealed to the public at large. The illumination thrown on the Colonial Secretary's past by tbe , brilliant historian and novelist who was for ti while the leader of the Nationalist party in the House of Commons, will go far to explain tho distrust, not limited to our own country, which assumes that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is always on the watch to forward his own interests at the ex- pens° of his colleagues. "I regarded him as one of the truest English friends the Home Rule cause had ever made," writes Mr. McCAßniy. This refers to the period just before the general elee' tion of 1885. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN was alwaYe emphatic in his declarations that if the large majority of the Irish people desired Home Rale their desire should be granted to them by the Imperial Parliament. Mr.CHAMBERLAIN was then expecting to be made Irish Secretary. He and Sir CHARLES DILKE had planned a visit to Ireland to study the pleblern of Home Rule on the spot, but that visit was never paid. it was Lord FREDERICK CAVENDISH who became Irish Secre tary in succession to Mr. FORSTER, and Afr' CHAMBERLAIN abandoned his Home Rule opinione to take up a position of savage and unrelenting hostility to Mr.Grabsro.Nes proposals. To anyone who is disposed to argue that the cruel murder of Lord FREDERICK CAVENDISH is a sufficient el- planation of this change of view,it is merely neces- saryzto quote Mr. MoataTEY's statement that gr. CHAMBERLAIN was still ready to become Irish Secretary after the murder had taken place. (34 Mr. GLADSTONE'S reasons for not gratifying this ambition we shall probably hear when Mr. IVIOIL' LEY'S biography is published. But what we surrniee is that the great statesman relied on Mr. CRAW BERLAIN'S absolute faithfulness at that time, and believed that he would be satisfied with whatever position was assignel to him ny his chief. After Mr. FORSTER'S resignation the present Colonial Secretary was so convinced of being appointed tn succeed him that he held a conference withia th° precincts of the House of Commons with certain of the leading Nationalist members, who under" stood clearly from him, says Mr. McCAnTriy, tb if he went to _lreland in the capacity of Mini; Secretary he would go as a Home Ruler,and woulu expect their co-operation and assistance. Th° historian finds the subsequent change of opinin° inexplicable. "His conversation," he says, accomplished with a suddenness that seemed te, belong to the days when miracles were yet wore upon the earth." But, after all, is there anythin,g inexplicable about it? To those who take sings° and straightforward views of Mr. CHAMBEr,LAIN"° character it seems explicable enough.

A more kindly and genial County Court Jacir,g° than his Honour Judge B3wen 113wlands, /C." would, we imagine, be difficult :to find, but, occhirt sionally people appear before him who, no do% overawed by the surroundings,persistently refral from facing the Bench when answering the queks; tions pat to them by the members of t" legal profession. His Honour experienced grVid difficulty in hearing the evidence of a lady plisinut:e who sought redress last Thursday. In vain did endeavour to persuade her that there was nothilag to fear. Her replies were almost without late

after- emical ozuiflt iShed

more` .0 of ince'

it'll of lat ho 13 his ihings .USTIN !ading AIN" iS 80I1*- tO lainlY

atiorl )y,tb for II in tho that whiCh )n tho le ex"

as one , cans°

This elee' iIWaYO large 0 RUIB by the the° re and

p spa, Lord Seere' d Mr'

enting inyol3o •der of nt feces' lat 31r* Irish

this .1110 F UrIniSES

ited to ,a the :ertalo

under" v, tlll4 Chid would

. Tbo ,pi.ioo " wo aed 0 vorked ythiag simPlg

===== 0002601_19030522_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
missim. addressed to the questioning solicitor, and the patient judge had to strain every nerve to -elucidate the story which was being unfolded. In making yet another request his Honour declared that if witnesses were afraid to contemplate him otherwise, he would have to wear a veil! The spectacle of a Judge dis- c. barging his .duties with visage veiled would .Ihdeed be highly unique. Would the dignity of the law not be endangered however? At any rate Ins Honour is to be sympathised with, and more 40:ichen it is borne in mind that even after making this declaration he had to threaten to adjourn the case before h 3 could secure the witness's necessary Lind undivided attention.

Ode of the greatest reforms which has been Tfrected in Workhouses during recent years has 'peen the abolition of pauper nursing. It is not 741,„.anY years since the nursing of the sick in the warrington Workhouse hospital was left largely in the hands of paupers, but to the credit of the W arrington Board of Guardians they took Immediate advantage of the Local Government toard order, abolishing pauper nursing. An effi- tient stall of trained -nurses now undertakes the rPrsing of the sick poor at the Workhouse *hospital and some of the beneficial results were /eferred to at the meeting of the Guardians on Wednesday. One result has been a partial re- Inoval ot the prejudice of poor people against enter- g the Union infirmary. The Master reported that there were 44 more cases in the hospital compared with the corresponding period last year. At first Sight it may appear that the more efficient nursing 14 the sick poor has thrown an additional burden °II the ratepayer but this is rather a short-sighted law to take of the matter. It may be taken for ranted:that the pattents will recover, more speAily :r,,ora their illness in a well-equipped hospital utin if they were allowed to lie for weeks in their homes, which in many cases are little better ,Luan hovels. By speedily restoring these people '4O health and enabling them to follow their em- 'PloYment the Guardians are performing a work 'which in the long run will do more to make these People independent of poor law relief than was Possible under the old bad system, which made the Poor dread the thought of being a patient in a Workhouse hospital.

The sad story of the suicide of Arthur Shrews- 'bury, the great Notts cricketer, illustrates the manner in which sensitive natures are preyed upon 0Y fancy. Shrewsbury had been suffering from a disease which, if his medical advisers are to be credited, was by no means incurable; but he 'became afflicted with hypochondria, arising from the conviction that his malady was permanent. Ills case presents an interesting, if melancholy, study. Probably no man who ever appeared on the cricket field was under more perfect control than Shrewsbury. Cool in the most trying circum- stances, undaunted even when there was no hope for his side, he was the best type of the sportsman 'who plays for the game and plays his level best no znatter what the test. Yet this strong man, who eculd deny himself the luxuries in which other men indulged, who never allowed himself to be Carried away by the excitement of the moment,or to be taken off hisi,guard,became the:prey of a mor- .l3!d fear which led to the sad tragedy that ended fils life. Strong minds are sometimes weakest When they dwell upon affairs of self; and the 3teat batsman was always a sensitive man. Yet In the end he showed the same determination that ad characterised his career on the cricket fist(' ,the manner of his suicide. Acts like these are to contemplate, hard to explain, and the only Q,Dinreent which can fittingly be made is the 'lnzent, "Oh, the pity of it!"

===== 0002601_19030522_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

117111_„ e annual meeting of the above club will be held on 'unesday, to receive reports, election of officers and 01-"lrnlttee and general business.—A special meeting of Ith"lbers was held on Wednesday at Wilson's hotel, f4er the presidency of Mr. Walter Jones, when the i.:i2wlng nominations were handed in :—President, Mr. Ab4i4Ylor ; treasurer, Mr. C. Pownall ; secretary, A. tapt;,. and J. Ellison; assistant secretary, A. Abel; Vic:"ln first team, S. Walker, .1. Butterworth; S. Walker, J. Butterworth, J. Richardson; Ca "441, 4! A" team, H. Jones, J. R. Faulkner • vice- H.alot Jones, J. R. Faulkner ' • committee, the tiring committee with Messrs. T. C. Price. G. Moores, Mostyn, P. Deaken, A. Lightburn, J. Green, G. Lux- ton, G. Jones, R. Garnett, Dudley, Hardy; auditors, Afessrs. T. Cooper and E. Lambert.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was held On Tuesday at Dutton Workhouse, Mr. J. Stokes in "the chair. Present :—Messrs. T. Wood, T. Lea, A. R. Norman, the members of the Rural District Council, 'tith Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assist- flt. clerk), Messrs. D. Cooke, De Prez, and Riley (relieving officers), and J. Ctutnah (master).

APPOINTMENT OF NURSE. rt Was unanimously resolved that Miss Mason be Pointed nurse to the hospital at a salary of £3O per Miss Mason bore a three years character from e Rochdale Union and possesseda splendid testimonial t°lll the resident doctor.

THR NEW BATHS. -sPrl the motion of Mr. Wood, it was resolved that t.tr• Owen, of Warrington prepare plans and specifica- ns for the new baths recommended by Mr. Dansey, °verument Inspector. It SETTINO OF CONTRACTS. 8 decided to accept the contract of Mr. DePrey A gisinfecting the foul ward and the children's ward at cost of £lO.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

, [BY A CORRESPONDENT]. %there is a very persistent rumour in the town that • cndon and North-Western Railway, in view of the te-""rig competition with the Transporter Company, in- to build a railway station at Widnes before the hrTansPorter is opened for traffic. It is stated that the W'Re, complete in all its Inds, is already at the Crewe v:rks, and that a month, at the outside, will he sniff- ) _nt to place it in position. Penny fares will be thQ i'3_r(ter of the day, and the good old "Dodger train "will 61,requi5itioned to ply between Runcorn, Widnes, and itton.

• lant °cal educationists will note how the complaisant, p„.llsPlcions Nonconformists have been treated by the et-iidden clique at the last meeting of the Widnes to°110cil• The sub-committee Of the Council appointed kiconsider and' recommend the names of the New rileation Committee included in its selection Messrs. te,is, Thomas and Davies. But the Council rejected the jmimendation and selected instead puppets who must ti0",13 at the pull of the priests strings. On a large educa- ht committee the only men representing Nonconform- qw.°Pinionl are Messrs. Owen and Dodd. The former, le„'•,!1!; to his financial ability, is implored to retain his het n. m the committee, though the probability is that at Tm:' ',Tat opportuaitv after he has got the finance de- , Ttrnent into working order he will be conveniently ',Topped.

It • stated that Mr. Samuel Taylor, Chairman to the allt—e9rn U'rbau .m Cacil, has joined the ranks of the °lalobilists and purchased a splendid motor car at no 44 a cost than seven hundred guineas. ,

Rnral Council intend to oppose the petition of rban Council to absorb Runcorn and Weston. A inittee has been appointed to take all the necessary h7,P3 and to engage Counsel on the Rural pistricts' feeVf• in Runcorn there is anything but a strong lug that the petition will meet with success.

011 W STREET ACCIDENT AT RUNCORN. * It„ Wednesday a startling street accident occurred .4ho ncorn. Some boys were playing about the van of a N'vnlan named Black,standing on the fair ground,when „Ise horse started off down Penketh-lane, crossed High- litt'aet and dashed into the entrance of the Royal Hotel. hroekgate Post and one of the windows of the. hotel were va,n. en, and much of the coc.keryware with which the 1311 t 7'48 loaded was smashed. No person was injured, boys had narrow escapes.

NEW BISCUIT.

CiRAWFORD';.:S

swEET. saoRT. "IRAh G LA N " ticu.

B IS C U I T S.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

FATAL ACCIDENT TO A RIINCORNIAN.

_ On Sunday information was received in Runcorn that John Pye, licensee of the Shqmrock Inn, Regent-street, had been killed in a street accident at Dublin on Satur- day' Deceased was a bricklayer by trade and followed that employment while his wife managed the public- house. On Monday Mrs. Pye went to Dublin and brought the body to Runcorn on Wednesday morning. Deceased leaves six children.

611-A-R-IT-17--60N-CERT IN AID OF A RUNCORN WORKMAN.

On Saturd•ty and Sunday concarts ware held for the benefit of Mr. Jamas Gibson who ins bean prevented from following his employment owing to a fracture of the thigh sustained when the Ship Canal was being constructed. At one time he was in the Volunteers and was cornet soloist in the Widnes Subscription band. The audiences unfortunately were small there only being about £2 clear, despite the free Services of Professor Miller and Mr. Shaw, jun. . AN UNRULY YOUTH SENT TO TRU' "CLIO."

At the Runcorn Petty. Sessions an order was made sending John Meredith Evans, a boy of twelve, to the training ship "Clio" until the age of sixteen years.—Tt was stated by Mr. Lightburn, who appeared for the School Board, that the boy was absolutely unmanage- able. When remonstrated with he would throw his clogs at his mother. His father absconded in March last year and his whereabouts could not be traced. It was decided as his mother Ellen Evans, supported herself and two other children by washing, not to ask for an order to contribute towards her son's maintenance. A DRUNKEN OCTOGENARIAN AT RUNCORN.

At the —litineC:in Police Court, on Thursday, Mary Ellen M`Cormack, who said she was eighty-six years of age, was charged with being drunk and incapable in Church-street at eleven o'clock on Tuesday night.— Police-constable Davies saidhe found the prisoner lying across the footpath helplessly drunk. He took her to a lodging-house, but the proprietor would not receiveher, and he was obliged to take her into custody.—The old woman promised to go to her son at Warrington,and she was discharged. ALLEGED NEGLECT OF CHILDREN.

At the -Runcorn Petty Sessions before Messrs. J. Ockleston (in the chair), and A. R. Norman, on Monday Albert Ravenscroft, Wyvern Place, was summoned for neglecting his four children, under the age of sixteen years, in such a manner as to cause them unnecessary suffering and harm.—On behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. Mr. Knowles prosecuted and proved that since the 13th November last year Inspector Hackett had had the case under observation. The defendant had been repeatedly warned but he took no notice. His hose was beastly dirty and repeated visits showed thelt was neither fire, food, nor clothing in the house. Defendattt was a very lazy man and stayed in bed until the afternoon. For the last few weeks he had only given his wife Gs. per week.—The case was adjourned for a month to givd, the defendant another chance. Sr. PAUL'S GLILD. _

The annual meeting of the above was held on Mon- day in the Guild Parlour, under the presidency of the Rev. Alfred Wells. There was only a moderate attend- ance. The reports of the Department secretaries and the general secretaries were read and approved. Messrs. George Millington and Alfred Dodd tendered their resignations as general secretaries, which were accepted. After a long discussion on the working of the. organiza- tion it was resolved, on the motion of Messrs. Green- halgh and Millington that the meeting •be adjourned until October, when arrangements would be made by. the Standing Committees to prepare for the winter ses- sion. . .

===== 0002601_19030522_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.

At a special general meeting of the above association held on Thurslay in the Victoria-road Board School under the presidency of Mr. T Showan of Widnes.Mr. J.F. Moulton presented the report of the N.U.T.Benevolent and Orphan Funds, in which he stated that at the annual conferences at Buxton, purses were received by Lady Newton containing a total of £20,263 10s. from 450 associations, representing 50,000 teachers. This was the largest sum raised in one year. The Runcorn and Widnes Association's purse contained £5O 145., and was handed to Lady Newton by Miss E. J. Clayden. ex-president of the association. So far this year £4O had been received, and included subscriptions from gentlemen outside the profession, namely, Sir J. T. Brunner, Bart., M.P., Mr. F. H. Gossage, and Mr. T. Sutton Timmis, each £5; Mr. H. Wade Deacon, one guinea; Mr. S. Taylor, £1; The Rev. T. S. Lea and Mr J. Valentine, 10s. each; and Rev. .T. Wright Williams, Mr. F. Neil and Mr. G. H. Danby. ss. each. Mr. Moulton hoped that every member of the association would con- sider it a duty to become a subscriber to these deserv- ing charities. ' CA STNEK-KELLNER ALKALI COMPANY.

The seventh annual general meeting was held on Wed- nesday, at Cannon-street Hotel, London. Sir W. Mather M.P., who presided, moved the adoption of the report andthe declaration of a dividend at the rate of six per cent. per annum for the half-year ended March 31st. He stated that the board were pleased, considering the con- dition of thealliali trade during the year, to be able to pAsent so favourable a report. Bleaching powder was the greatest of the company's products; and they had a manufacturing process far less costly than any other. For two or three years an arrange- ment was in force between the large manufac- turers to maintain a fairly remunerative profit, but this had, dining the year, ceased to exist, and the profit on bleaching powder had considerably diminished. The board had continued to develop the processes which were identified with the company's name, but they saw in the future important improvements tending towards still greater ecomony. The profits were slightly less than those of the previous year. The directors had considered it right to utilize the reserve depreciation fund as capital to put down plant of a character in accordance with the scientific development of the times and thereby to cheapen and improve all the products which were made by the company. They were trying experiments continually in the treatment of many sub- stances which had hitherto not been treated electrolyti- cally. While they desired to pay as high a dividend as they could, yet they could not be parties to withdrawing from the industry the necessary support which it re- quired out of the revenueprofitsto maintain and enlarge its operations in the future—Mr. E Hardcastle second- ed the motion which was adopted.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

EARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL We wouldagain draw attention to the above festival which will take place on Saturday the 30th inst. There are many attractions, and with fine weather a Magni- ficent success should be assured. NEWTON OCCASIONAL COURT.

At the Police Court on Monday morning, before Mr. T. J. Gillespie, John Kenny and Catherine Owen were each fined 2s. 6d. and costs for being drunk in Newton, on Saturday.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
p. JOHN'S CHURCH, E.UILESTOWN.

In support of the funds being got together for the completion of the above church, a social gathering was held in the Mission Hall on Saturday evening. The arrangements were carried out by the teachers of the Sunday School, and about 70 persons were present. Dancing was indulged in to the strains of Mr. Wood- cock's band. and Mr. T. Hardman officiated as M.C. Refreshments were handed round at intervals. MAKERFIELD DRAMATIC SOCIETY. -"A

In aid of the above society a social gathering was held in the Town Hall, Newton on Saturday evening. About 50 persons were present, and dancing which com- menced at 8 o'clock,was continued until after 11 o'clock. Messrs Jones and Fletcher officiated as M.Cs. and music was supplied by Mr. Walker's band. Songs were given at intervals by Megsrs Hayward and Owen. Refresh- ments were provided. EARLEiTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

The quarterly meeting of this Society was held in the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening, when there was a large attendance of members. Mr. D. Forrester presided. The report and balance sheet stated that the cash receipts were £13,217 19s. Bd., being an increase over last quarter of £269 Os. 2,14., and compared with the corresponding period last year, showed a decrease of £l2l 15s. id. The net prolltis realized were £1,865 10s. 9d.. which it was proposed to dispose of by paying a dividend of 2s. 10d. in the .£ to members, and is. sd. in the £to non-members, absorbing £1,85145. 5d., and the balance £l4 Gs. 4d. to be added to the Contingent Fund. During the quarter 108 new members had been admitted, 58 had been struck off or withdrawn, leaving 2,000 on the register, 1,705 of whom have had dividend warrants made out. Messrs. T. Caine and E. Jones were re-appointed on the Committee of Managetnent. The usual grant of 7s. 6d. per head was made to the employes trip. The question of making a small charge for the delivery by van,'of parcels to members was dis- cussed, but it was decided to make no move in this direction at present.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Friday, May 22, 1903.

W. T. WILLI 4%15.

NEW DESIGNS JUST RICIHENTs,D IN IJELAINE3, MUSLIM, PaLNTL4, &C.

74. 5.9. N K4Y-V 13 NT 9.R RI ti 13-T9W .

disbursedlor the benefit of those who remained share- holders of the Society. Ho thought that in two years they would be able to pay a dividend of a reasonable character. It might not be very much, but it took k:750 to pay 24 per cent dividend---‘on this occasion the money would be profits and not be withdrawn from the bank— and therefore after paying it they would have a reserve fund left of between £3OO and .k4OO. He thought the members would be perfectly satisfied that the directors were doing their duty and endeavouring to place the Society .on -a straight and fair footing again. The shares had been reduced 40 percent but he was prepared to say that in twelve years they would be raised to at least 80 or 90 per cent of their original value. Therefore, if they had patience and would be content with the small dividends which would commence twelve months next February all would go well in future. At present they were in the position of being able to pay nothing whatever as they had simply no funds at all. They. had now to take their coats off and begin to work in order to get some noffee in the mill, and in the grinding of it they would see that it was served out in a fair and honourable way. (Applause.)

M. 1;a0IID'S 'BONDSMAN,

A SHAREHOLDER asked whether the society was in- sured against embezzlement. The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not. All they had was bond from Mr. Proud signed by some gentle- man in Manchester to the amount of £503.

The SHAREHOLDER: Was it a bond against em- bezzlement?

The CHAIRMAN: It was a bond against the embezzle- ment of £5OO.

1 The SHAREHOLDER: T am under the impression 1 that there is an Act of Parliament which says that all ' Building, Societies shall be insured. The CHAIRMAN: That is so. The insurance as I say is for £5OO, The secretary had a bond for £5OO I against embezzlement. The SHAREHOLDER: What is the name of the gentle- man in Manchester? _ _ _

..... The CHAIRMAN : I can't tell you. I don't know myself. The SHAREHOLDER: Can youtell me afterwards? The CHAIRMAN: I can tell you that the bond is a substantial bond and will be met. (Applause.)

TO ASSIST THE NEW SECRETARY.

Mr. TIMPERLEY said it would assist the new secre- tary very much if shareholders would give their proper addresses. At the present time they had not a list of shareholders addresses, and it would be a great con- venience to have one. He hoped that when the secre- tary was installed in his new office, members would take the trouble of calling upon Mr. Clive to give their addresses.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BUILDING SOCIETY SENSATION.

THURSDAY'S P3LICE PR3CEEDINGS

Another Remand.

In anticipation of hearing some of the details of the case in which Mr. Robert Proud, the late secretary of their ‘VarringtoniPermanent Benefit Building Society, is charged with]emb:)Zzlement,a large number of the general public assembled at the CJunty Borough Police Court on Thursday moraing.They were,however,disappointed as the proceedings were. parely forard, another remand being granted. Mr. E. Drapec,scnicitor, (Messrs Robert Davies and Company), again appeared. for the prosecu- tion and Mr. A. Browne defended. The magistrates on the bench were Mr. John Fairelough (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Messrs C. Waite, Young and Hepherd. Mr. Draper said he was afraid he WAS not ma position to go on with the case that morning and he asked for a further remand until next Wednesday. Mr. Browne agreed to the remand, sabject to bail being allomed in the same suret;es. The Clerk: You have no objection to that Mr Draper. Mr. Draper: No. Defendant was then formally remanded until Wednes- day next, bail being granted in the same sureties as last week (defendant's recognizances of £3OO and two other sureties of £250 each.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ADJOURNED ANNUAL ICETINI kointrn3nt. of New Secretary and Other Officers. TH. PR3SPECIS OF TIE S3ZIETY.

As wis anticipated, there was a large attendance- at the adjourned annual meeting of the Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society held on Thursday evening in Cairo-street schoolroom. The recent develop- ments in connection with the organisation lent addi- tional interest to the meeting and the presentation of the special auditors report on the result of their in- vestigations was eagerly awaited. Shortly after eight o'clock the following gentlemen mounted the platform: Messrs. Vere B. Davies, E. Draper (secretary pro tern), F. Timperley, T. lace, S. W. Dallow,,W. J. Shaw, John Critchley, P. C. Price, and John Mather.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VICE-PRESIDENT UNWELL.

At the outset, Mr. &SRN CRITCHLEY stated that it had been customary when the President was not at the meeting for the Vice-President to take the chair. lie (Mr. Critchley) was the vice-president, but he was unfor- tunately unwell and not fit to take the chair. Ho explained the matter to the directors at a meeting on the previous night, and expressed the hope that they would not ask him to take the chair. The directors accepted his explanation, and appointed Mr. NV. J. Shaw to take the chair. (Hear, hear.)

THE PRESS ASKED TO RETIRE

Mr. W. J. SHAW then tooK the chair and said he was advised by the society's legal adviser that any persons present who were not members of the society and also the members of the press should retire from the room while the balance sheet and report, were be rig read.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT AM) BALANCE SHEET ADOPTED.

The reporters then left the room, and in their absence Mr. Woodcock and Mr. Bradshaw submitted their re- port and balance sheet which wereafterwards discussed. On the reporters being readmitted, ' The CHAIRMAN said the. members had heard the balance sheet read and the auditors report,and he would now ask someone to propose that they be accepted. Mr. ROBERT YOUNG proposed the adoption of the report and balance sheet. Mr. HEDGECOCK seconded and the proposition was carried unanimously. THE COLLECTION OF THE WIDNES RENTS.

Mr. DOOLEY wished to know whether it was an in- struction of the directors to the Widnes agent that he should pay moneys into the private accounts of Mr. Proud or into his own account. The CItAIRMAN said so far as he knew the collector for the Widnes property had paid the moneys into the banking account of the society at Widnes and only on two or three occasions had he brought it to Mr. Proud. On these occasions he (the Chairman) supposed the Widnes collector had received a voucher from Mr. Proud who had dealt with the money in a manner similar to that which the members had heard explained to them.

Mr. WooDcocK said there was one word he would like to say at that point. Acting under legal advice he had, in reading the report, kept back a few details which, whilst legal proceedings were pending, it was thought ought not to be made public even to the share- holders. He had given all the figures but had kept back a few details for the time being. (Hear, hear.)

TWO NEW AUDITORS APPOINTED.

Mr. AIA.YBURY asked if Mr. Bradhhaw was a member of the society? The CHAIRMAN: Yes. Mr. MAYBCRY : Then I will propose him for the position of auditor.

Mr. JoHN Smrni seconded. Mr. HIBBBRT then proposed Mr: -Woodcock as an auditor.

Mr. JOSEPH PorrEß seconded. Therewere no othernotninations and both gentlemen were unanimously appointed auditors of the society.

FOliNlkii. AUDITOR'S POSITION.

Mr. TRUSLOVE S4ld he would like to ask while the legal adviser was present, whether it was not possible to make the auditor who had been mentioned, refund that which he had withdrawn. (Hear, hear.) The CHAIRMAN r3plled that the question was under the serious consideration of the directors. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19030522_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTAILNT OF A NEW SECRETARY.

The CHAIRMAN announced that an advertisement was inserted-in the newspapers asking for applications for the positron of secretary. In response to that adver- tisement sixteen applications were received. After considerable consideration the number was reduced to three for the final selection,the candidates being Messrs. Clive, Lawton and Potter. At the final voting Mr. Potter's nam9 .was at the bottom and the issue lay between Mr. Clive and Mr. Lawton. Mr.Cliva received six votesand Mr. Lawton three. It was then unani- mously decided to recommend the appointment of Mr. Clive as secretary. He did not think it wonld be wise for him to sayanything regarding Mr. Olive orany of the candidates but he might mention that so far as the judgment and consideration of the management went they endeavoured to do what was best and right in the interests of the society. Mr. JOSEPH POWER said he w-mld like the members to know that the Mr. Potter alluded to IN as not him. (Laughter.). The CHAIRMA.NSiId the names of the applicants were: Messrs. Thomas Brown, Arthur Byron, Alfred H. , Clive, Thomas Dickenson, E. England, John Gittens, Percy Jones,Peter LaWton,Frederick Leigh, Ed ward Macauley, A. B. Marsh, James Mills, Thos ,Pemberton, T. B. Potter, A. Taylor, William John Twiss. He (the chair- man) was requested toaubrnit the name of Mr. Clive to. the members for their acceptance. Mr. WHITHAM said he had very great pleasure in pro- posing that Mr. Clive be appointed secretary of the society.

Mr. J. PODMORB seconded. Mr. HARRISON said he would like to ask whether the proposed officers had been members twelvemonths.

. . The CHARMA.N: Yes, there are many peoplo who are members of the society whom we did not know until they came forward. The appointmant of Mr. Clive was then carried unanimously. .

The CHAIRMAN said he was informed by the Vice- Chairman that the appointment of secretary was a permanency. Mr. T. B. POTPER T think the other two names ought to be submitted to the meeting, as they were selected by the directors. The CHAIRMAN: I asked that. Mr. POTTER.: I remember when Mr. Proud was appointed they took different sides of the room. The CHAIRMAN : That is quite possibly so, but the directorate went through the whole of the names, and, in so doing we came to one conclusion, and that was the appointment of Mr. Clive. As the appointment has been carried by\a, unanimous vote of the meeting you cannot get beyond the fact. Mr. JOSEPH PorrEit asked if Mr. Clive would retain his present position or devote the whole of his time to the work of the Building Society. The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Clive had been given to understand that he must devote whatever time was required to the supervision of the affairs of the society. Mr. POTTER: That _is kery_ vague.

The CRAIEtNIAN: The legal adviser informs me that Mr. Clive is giving up his present position in order to attend to his duties.

ma

THE PROSPECTS OF THE SOCIETY.

The CHAIRMAN said that perhaps at this point they would want to hear something as to the future working of the Society, and as to how the Society was likely to benefit the shareholders. (Hear, hear.) Although the stock of their association had dropped to such a great extent he thought that those members who had patience to hold their shares as they were, would do well in the future. He found on going through the accounts that they had had very serious losses, and the loss they had had, or anything like it, could not possibly occur again. The society would make a net profit of something like £1,290 or £1,300 a year. Con- sidering that in the past the profits of the society had been even larger than the amounts 'tamed it was terrible to thinktthat they were placed in such a posi- tion. In as much as there would be the profit of £l2OO or £l3OO a year from their undertakings he suggested that those people who had given notice of withdrawals and felt inclined to hold them as such should receive each year a certain amo !nt towards the repayment of their withdrawals. He also suggested that the 1,200 should be divided into two parts, and the £6OO he set aside for a sinking fund and the remaining £6OO be de- voted to paying oft those who had given notice of ' withdrawals. He did not mean that the first person on the list should receive the whole of his money but that £6OO should be divided among a reasonable number of:shareholders according to rotation. At the end of two years there would be a fund of £1,200 to be

===== 0002601_19030522_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
COLONEL PILKINGTON M.P. AT EARLESTOWN.

The annual meeting of the Earlestown and District Conservative Club was held on Tuesday evening. Mr. T. J. Gillespie presidedand he wassupported by Messrs C. li. F. Borrow,W. Hollhnd Owen,J. Robinson and Colonel Pilkington M. P. The usual business of the club was transacted the only item of importance being the resignations of the Secretary, Mr. T. Haselden, the Treasurer, Mr. Thorpe, and the Chairman of Committee Mr. Catterall. Eaeh had held office for a number of years,and Mr. Gillespie paida eulogistic tribute to their services. Mr. C. H. Lea was appointed Secretary, Mr. T. Bowes treasurer.

Colonel Pilkini,vton 'then gave an address, in which he said he thought it his duty inParliament to move the rejection of a Bill on Friday, which he considered was a Bill very much out of place brought forward in the wrong way and by the wrong people. The Bill he referred to was ‘a new Mines Regulation Act coming from private members. Manyof the clauses in the Bill to which he objected were very harmful. All collieries had their rules, which had been made under the auspices of the Home Secretary and Inspectors, but the Bill in question proposed to entirely revolutionise these. It proposed to form a Board of three which could sweep away all the rules which had been for years got. to- gether. It also wanted to interfere with the check- weighman,it wanted to enlarge his position. Why, he asked, did they want to enlarge his position at all? The check-weighman was instituted so that the employer's record could be checked. The miners had a right to .appoint a check-weighman whose duty would be to check the weight impartially and completely. He was not the master's servant, and that was all he had got to do, and if they gave him anything more to do, they woald entirely spoil his ability to perform that Impor- tant function. Another important point in the Bill was a most disastrous thing, or would have been for the coal trade. This was the provision that for every mile of pit there must be an extra pair of pits, but it would not increase the ventilation to do this. The relief pits would not wind coal at all, but an enormous amount of extra capital would be needed to provide them. He then went on to refer to the licensing question,chietly on the point of compensation for licences taken away, and alluding to the policy of Mr. Chamberlain as outlined in his recent speech at Birmingham on the question of preferential tariffs, he expressed himself • as entirely in accord with the view of the Colonial Secretary.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

It is stated that there is to be a slight reduction in rates for this district. It is only a penny in the pound but slight as the relief is, it will be very welcome. So far as the district rates are concerned the burden is not very heavy, but according to all accounts the Guardians intend to make up for any deficiency on the part of the Council. At the present time the Poor rate is quite high enough being -2s. in the pound, but the Guardians are vivocious, and they intend to have their pound of flesh.

Already they have put threepence in the pound on for Education purposes, although it has been decided not to bring the Act into operation until September 'next. This looks very much like albit of sharp practice and the only explanation one can get is that the Guardians want to get some money in advance. It is a grand thing to be a ratepayer, especially when you are asked to pay for something you don't get value for. I should think it was time enough to put the rate on when the Educa- tion Act had been adopted.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

The miserable conditions which prevailed, on Saturday put an end to any idea of Cricket. Both Earlestown and Newton had-important fixtures, but they had to be abandoned. On Wednesday however,Newton completed their fixture with Wigan on the ground of the latter, and assisted by Miller of Earlestown and Huddles. ton, late of the old Trafford ground staff succeeded in gaining the victory. On Saturday the local rivals Newton and Earles- town will have a trial of strength on the ground of the latter. It is a good fe..v years since the clubs have met owing to differences, but they appear to have buried the hatchet, and on Saturday they will compete for superiority. There is sure to be a large gathering of the supporters of both clubs and it is hoped the contest will be marked by the greatest friendliness on both sides.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

NEWTON LE-WILLOWS V. WlGAN.—Played at Wigan on Nednesday. Score : NEWTON. WIGAN. W. V.Tarton b Needham 19 0. E. Hayden b W. Haddleston c Ains- Huddleston

cough b Clough 3 Needham c Honing rake J. Miller retired hurt J. Olive c Clough b A. A inscough b Goodwin H. Rylance lbw b Need- C. R. Darlington c Tur- ham R. Carson b Needham ... 16 H. Ainsc o ug h b P. Hollingrake c T. Ains- Huddleston cough b Needham ll H. G Rushtoncßylance T. Williams cH. Ains- . b Hollingrake l7 cough b Needham l2 R. L. Rennick b C. W. Hindley c Needham Huddleston b Rushton 0 J. Prest b Huddleston 0 W. H.Hindley c Darling- J. La i t hwa it e b ton b Rushton 0 Huddleston J. Gilman not out 1 Clough run out T. ‘V.Goodwinnot out 1 Extras

To t):.1

Total

===== 0002601_19030522_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON TIIE

STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other known remedies. This is now conceded by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Veno, and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world contain- ing seaweed, for that reason Veno's Seaweed Tonic is used in hospitals and by doctors themselves because of its superior curative properties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it performs, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. It is a god-send to sufferers from indigestion, wind, headache. general weakness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood, and HABITUAL C(MsTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEA- WEED TONIC. Prices is.' lid. and 2s. 9d. at chemists and medicine vendors.

FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt.

13ASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. G ARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 35, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER the CLocK.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE EDITCATION BILL.

Mr. R. Potts, clerk to the Cheshire County Council wrote enclosing a list of the voluntary schools in the Rural district pointing out that the County Council were required to appoint a manager of each voluntary school and requesting that the Council would furnish him with the names and addresses of more than one person for each school mentioned therein. The manager to be appointed by the County Council of each. school would be in addition to• the manager appointed by the Minor Local Authority Parish Council or Parish meeting as the case might be. It was decided that the School Attendance Com- mittee deal with the matter, and that they in each instance consult the places named on the enclosed list, which have not yet been directly represented by the County Council.

AN INSANITARY TIOCSE AT LA.TCHFORD.

Two letters were received from Mr, W. L. Bonner, of Latchford, complaining of the insanitary condition of the drains at is house in Fairfield-road. The Inspector reported that he had seen the drains, and had rectified the matter.

THE TIiELWALL NUISANCE AGAIN. Admiral Jones-Parry writing from Boscombe, Hants, wad he hoped to be present at the meeting tint day. He did not take the reply to Mr. collier as reported on the 29th March as an answer to his question. The Pro- fessor's report made the question more a muddle than ever. He asked certain questions regarding the Thel- wall nuisance, which he required answering. On the letter being read an altercation ensued between the Chairman and Admiral Parry,the Chairman emphatically stating that he could on no account allow a discussion on the Thelwall nuisance so long as the County Council had not communicated their report to the Rural Council on the last report forwarded them. On the motion of Messrs. Darlington and Edwards it was resolved that the matter be not re-opened.

A PERPLEXED COUNCIL. On the consideration of the Highway Committee's minutes, Mr. Collier moved that the portion referring to the appointment of the Highways visiting Committee be deleted. _ _

Mr. Spruce seconded, contending that the appoint- ment of the Visiting Committee had been cut and dried, a proceeding he did not agree with. Mr. Darlington objected. ' The proposition was, however, carrieil. Mr. Collier then moved as an amendment that two committees be appointed one for Budworth district and one for the Frodsham district. The former committee to consist of Messrs. Mclntyre' Pilling, Knowles, Bradford, Darlington, Mountield, Mawdsley, Woodward, and Baxter. The Frodsham committee to consist of MeSsrs, Guest, Stokes, Baxter, Woodward, • Linaker, Lewis, Wright, Pilling and Darlington. The amendment to the Highway Committee's minute being carried by eleven votes to seven, a discussion of the scheme ensued in which the Chairman pointed out the impracticability of the scheme in which the committees would be looking after their own districts by probably pursuing totally different policies. The amendment being then pnt as the substantiative motion was lost by a large majority. After further discussion during which the ' clerk pointed out that there was now no Highways Visiting Committee which would throw back the work of the Highway Department a month the difficulty was solved by Mr. Pilling moving the adoption of the original minute which had been rejected. The minute was accordingly approved.

UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD BOOTS.--Advt. UNDER YOUR FOOT you want good Boots. Wear ALF. TAYLoit'S well-known Boots.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

SALARIES INCREASED. Tile Longford Depot Nuisance.

The Monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednes- day afternoon under the presidency of Mr. T. lialton. There xverealso present :—Messrs. Brooks, ail!, Mather, Knowles, Houghton, Backhouse, and Dr. Murray with Dr. Sefton, (medical officer of health), Messrs. J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), F. Kerfoot (inspector of nuisances), B. S. Newcomb (surveYor),and H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor).

===== 0002601_19030522_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SM ALL-PDX.

The CLERK informed the Council that he had received a letter from Dr. Sargent, County Medical Ciincer of Health, calling attention to the increase in the number of cases Of small-pox in the county andenclosing copies of circular giving information in regard to the disease. Happily up to the present there hati'been no small-pox cases in the district and hehoped this state of affairs would continue.

'LONGFORD DEPOT. THE COUNCIL ASKED TO TAKE ACTION. CORRESPONDENCE WITH THE TOWN CLERK

The CLERK said he had received the followin peti- tion to which 107 signatures 'were appended :—" We, the undersigned beiry, property civners and occupiers in the parish of Winwia with liuline and Orford, do hereby pray your Council (who constitute the district sanitary authority) to take some immediate steps to have the nuisance caused by the manufacture and manipulation of the excreta from the borough of Warrington by the Warrington Corporation their works at Longford removed. This nuisance is so great that it is intolerable and we, the inhabitants, are suffering daily from its effects. It is evident that the nuisance is a growing one, and will increase as the popular of the borough increases. We the petitioners consider that it is time some action should be takes by your Council to have this nuisance abated."

The Clerk stated that a gentleman called upon him (Mr. Sutton) a few days ago to say that the people who lived about the neighbourhood were complaining that they could not sleep at night as they "blew off" some- thing from this particular place. From what he stated the people appeared to be in a very poor way. Mr. .NOWLES said that -between eight and nine o'clock at night when the wind was blowing in the direction of Winwick-road the stench was double what it was in the day time.

The CLERK, continuing, said the Council were aware that one movement in the way of calling upon the Cor- .poration to do something to alleviate at least the terrible effects which were experienced from the smells and so on at Longford was to summon the Corporation under the Manufacturing Acts, whatever other course the Council might take under any othersection or authority of the law. A summons was taken out, but they found there was a difficulty in .bringing the case onat the next sessions as the County Medical Officer MIS goingabroad. Messrs. Arthur Browne and Crompton wrote the Town Clerk on behalf of the Council and received the follow- ing reply on April 28th :—Referring to your letter of the 28th March last, which has been duly considered by the Sanitary Work ,Committee, T am instructed to inform you that, with the view of minimising the emis- sion of offensive vapours from the Works at Lorigford, they have recently purchased and are now erecting additional machinery at very considerable cost. The Corporation have also called man expert in the treatment of sewage matter who has for sometime been engaged in experiments for dealing with the vapours and waste waters at the works. These experiments have proved successful, so much so fhat the inventor has patented the process but as they were conducted on a small scale the Corporation be voted the Sum of £3OO for further ex- perimental tests to be made. The contract with the inventor has been preferred, and it is hoped that the furtherexperiments will be forthwith made. If they should again prove successful about whicb there if little i doubt it s the intention of the corporation to put down a permanent plant. I may assure you that every- thing will be done to prevent any cause of complaint and I trust that your clients having regard to the diffibulties with which the (gorporation beset and the nature of the manufactory carried on will refrain from taking any course which would disturb the friendly relations which have so long existed between the two authorities.

To this letter Messrs. Arthur Browne and Crompton replied stating that after considering the matter their clients had instructed them to inform the Corporation that under the circumstances related by the Town Clerk in his letter they would withold taking proceedings until the next meeting of the Rural District Coune ii provided they were informed in the meantime as to what progress, if, any, had been made with the intended mprovement. On May 18th the Town Clerk wrote beg to inform you that at the last meeting of the Council a resolution was agreed to for construction of a culvert, from the concentrators for the purpose of drawing off the vapours to be cremated at an estimated cost of £l7O. Mr. Russell Duncan, the sewage expert, is coming to Warrington on Wednesday next, for the purpose of commencing the erection of the special plant for treat- ing vapours and waste water. I have no doubt that when the new plant has been put into operation there will be little or no cause for complaint. Mr. BALL thought it would be satisfactory to leave the mutter in abeyance until the next meeting. Mr. KiOWLES hgead, but rem irked that some years age_the Corporation promised to spend £2,000 with the object of abating the nuisance. He understood that if no action was taken the petition which had been read would be forwarded to the Local Government Board. The Council decided to take no further action for a month.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. SEPIITOV rep3rted that during the ninth there had been 20 births and 39 deaths. The death rate was equal to 423 per 1,000 against 33 the average for the past three months and 19*o the rate for the correspond- ing month last year. Twenty-three deaths occurred in Winvvick Asylum and the death rate proper for the dis- trict was thus equal to 17'3.

_OFFICIALS SALARIES INCREASED.

... . In accordance with notice of motion, Mr. K:cow LES proposed the re-appointment of Dr. Sephton, (medical officer of health), and Mr. F. Kerfoot (nuisance inspec- tor) at the increased salaries of £l5O each (Mr. Kerfoot to be supplied with uniform). Mr. BROOKS seconded.

The CLERK said he had been in correspondence with the Local Government Board in regard to the re-appointments, and the Board had Written stating that fn the event of the Council Agreeing to the re-appoint- ments they would raise no objection. The motion was agreed to. •

The CLERK said it was the custom with all Councils occasionally to revise the salaries paid to the staff, particularly if the work of any deparament had grown and the responsibilities of the officials were increased. Reasonable spaces of time were always permitted to elapse between each revision, the object being not to have implications for increases coming in at uncertain times but that the whole of the payments of officers might be considered together in relation to the work they had to undertake. lt was only fair to say that in regard to the highway department of that Council, the books showed that the work was increasing materially. Tee Clerk submitted details in regard to the books. Mr. MATHER asked if instead of Mr. Newcombe having to attend to the books in the surveyor's depart- ment an experienced gentleman could be engaged to do that work alone, so that the Snrueyor might simply superintend the outside work.

Sir. KNOWLES said there were already two assistant clerks as well as an 'assistant surveyor. The accounts were only an index of the work done.

Mr. MA.THEu then proposed that Mr. N wcombe's salary be increased from £1.60 to £2OO per annum. All he need say was that the Surveyor deserved theadvance. The resolution was unanimously agreed to. On the proposition of Mr. KNOWLES, seconded byMr. BROOKS, Frank Reginald Bickford wts appointed an assistant in the Surveyor's Department with wages at the rate of six shillings per week. The CHAIRMAN read an application from Mr. William R. Sutton, assistant in the surveyor's department. f() 1- an increase of salary. On the motion of Mr. KNOWLES, seconded by Dr. MURRAY, the salary was increased to per week,

===== 0002601_19030522_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TENDERS ACCEPTED.

The SCIIVEVOR submitted a list Of quotations for the supply of materials, for the year ending March 31st, 1901. The tenders of the following firms were accepted :—Macadam; Brundrit and Company, Limited, and Darbyshires Limited; 6 inch setts, James Downs and Son, Warrington Slate Company, and Clare and Ridgway; kerbs, Walton Bros., and Warrington Slate Company; cancrete afigs, Coniston Mining Syndicate ; tiles, John Dixon ; cast iron gullies, James Smethurs t; spades and shovels, J. E. tinsworth, and Company: socket pipes, Doulton and Company, and Clare and Ridgway; brushes, Joseph Tabbner. •

The Cost of St. Helens' Libraries. At the meeting of the St. Helens Libraries Com- mittee on, Wednesday, Mr. Brown, treasurer, sub- mitted the annual estimate, and stated that the expendi- ture had been ,411,743 13s. 7d., which was :C25 ss. 11d. over the estimate. The new estimate had been in- creased, and the amount to be raised by rate was .-£.1.740-7O more than last year.—The Librarian (Mr. A. Lancaster) reported that he had made arrange- ments for a provincial meeting of the Libraries' Association to be held at St. Helens on Friday, June 26. The Mayor had generously offered to entertain he visitors.—Mr. Lancaster reported that the new supplementary catalogue would be issued in a day or two.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CIS INER WATERS.—Advt.

A GOOD R ESC)", lON.—Wear ALP TAYLOR' Wonderful Boots.—Advt.

IT. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TON IC S.-6 3, S A NK EY-STREET, Warr i ng to n.—Advt.

Enrlas6ifttb CONTYoFcaEsrEg EDUCATION ACT, 1902. A PPLICATIONS are invited for the following CLERKSEIIPSin the Education Dmartment cattle Cheshire C.nintv Council. viz. : ONE CHIEF CLERK at a Salary of £l3O per annum.

Ttird GENERAL or CORRE3PONDENCE CLERKS, who must be shorthand writers and Typists, one at a Salary of £lOO per annum, and the other at a Salary of £7s_ nAr annum.

ONE JUNIOR CLERK at a Salary of £26 per annum. Shoe, particulars of d ides to be performed and terms of appointment, together with forms of application, can bo obr,aineo from the undersigned. Ca.nvas4ing, is prohibited, and is liable to be treated as a disqualifilation.

Applidations to be 111,1 d up in Candidatea' own hand- wr.ting, and sent to the undersigned. so that the same may be received not later than the Bth day of June next. :ogettvr wish copies of n3t more than three recent testimonials.

RICHARD P. WARD, Directc,r of Education for Ctieshire. Nantsvich-road, Crewe.

Crewe, 221 d May. 1903.

COUNCY OF CHESTER. EDUCATION ACC. 1902.

A PK...MATIONS for APPOINTMENT under the tt Ches ire Edueat on Com mitlee co the following POSITIONS are invited from Candidates experienced in Educationll Work, viz.: ONE ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION, at a. slay of £3OO per annum. T JVO INPECEORS OF SCHOOLS at Salaries of £2SQ per annum ea,.;11.

- Short part,culari of duties to be performed, anl terms of App3intmnnt, together with forms of appli- cation, can be obtained from the undersigned. Canvassing is prohibited, and is liable to be treatel as a disqualification.

Anolic ' itioas endorsed " Eluettion Deotrtment," to be filled up in Candidates' own handwriting, and gene; to thl undersigned sr) that the stme my ba received not later than the Bth day of June next, together with copies of not 1113113 than three recent teatiraonials. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire C3unty Connell. Chester. 22nd May. 1903.

BLACK PO 0 L.—Comfortable APAR Cid S STS, near train and sea.—Mrs. PABIOER, 35 Clarendon road, Lytham. road, South.

WANTED, HOUSE %lUD-WAITRESS, tall, superior with Fool reference, £22. —Mrs.Rosc3w,7l3 ,lloughton street, Southoort.

%V II EM ANTRD. good HNAL. four in family ; nurse kept. —Apply Mrs. RHODES, Orertol2. FrOdStLEIM.

EGGS 21. 6d. Sitting, from grand pen Golden Wyandotte a (Hunter's), Cock h.c. ; also Minorcas. Immense combs. - Buff Orpington!. Cockerel and Pall S•. ,tts for SAG Black Orpington Cock, 4s. 61.—SMITH. Gullden Sutton. Chester.

-IVOR B.tbli Letters Patent of Fortable TIMID 118101Til 1: Reason for sellinc—health. Partioulirs, SrstPsox„ 1, Sefton avenue. Burnley.

2200 tiillonosLreilePtißyTirp.te,Ga crehlitldT= • fulfil %net: Send 64 for a Ilb s.mple and pArtieuIars.—ALEXLNDER Co.. 28, Yinorieti, S.C.

-palm ELASTIC TRUSS, given to all ruptured person., measurement outfit sent free.—HEnxiac ÜBE, 2 Frederick Crescent, Brixton, S.W.

A BTROLOGY, imp()dant changes. marriage partner de- r" cribed. &c., send age; ls. —Bowman. Clough Bridge. Bridlington.

VALIINCIONNES, lace. 50 yds.. Es. satisfaction guaran— i teed ; wider pattern. 53 yds.. 31:—HissICO1c8TANcs, Hollyhurst. Stapleford. Nottingham.

cup RITANNIA. JOB.' the New and Popular Bong, 1.1 expressly written ant composed In honour of Rngland's Great Colonial %notary. the Right Ron. Josep h Chamberlain, M.P.. by W. B. Smith. Post free Is 6d.—J. J. POoLE, 293. Uxbridge road, London, W.

SUCORSSFUL GARDRNING.—A book of 35 U sefol Redoes for the Garden. price 7d., from U. TRIN DEB, Florist, Middle street, Fleet, Rants.

CIOPYING AND WRlTlNG.—Remunerative home work; k_l no eanv4selag or outdoor work attached.—Stampe envelope to 8., 54, Somerset street. Cathay. Bristol.

4,-El[lrcs " COMPHTErION.--lineyßrit.—AnswFirs to first 1 20 Questions,with referenles.2s. 6d.—RUREIC A, care of Pool's Advertising' Az.nev. 9l-93. WIP.t, street. tonlon, R.C.

QTANINDMINGetfeantlly cured by correspondense or per- son‘lly, Treatise len; Ire.. N. H, MAS9N. :68 Minor Road, Clissold Park, London, N.

DIIIIMIIBAD CABBAGH PLANTS. Qaantity sturdy stuff early giant and Robinson's Ohamolon 3$ 1,000, 254 10,003.—SALE and SON. Wokingnaca. Berks.

100,000 SPROUTS, 2s sugloinUsSagfarAnt Drunihetd2s6d, Red Plekling2s6d. All fit for field plant- ing at once.—HoßNE and Solve. Cliffe, Rochester. Kent.

A CETYLSNI3 GAS LAAIPS, FRISS 4s 6d each, better la.. quality 5e 3d each, cycle capes nest paid 2s 91 each, cape straps 61 and 9d e+ch,post paid;ltizoge carriers 2s each, post paid. Trade terms on applicition.—liesEN CYcr.x. CO.. Wolverhampton.

CIONIFORVABLB. happy Home for Laly, good cooking' k../ references.--ftfAxota HOUBE, Blockley, Worcestershire.

PHL4.STIO THUSS given to all ruptured persons, 1 introducing our trusses. Measurement outfit sent free. —HERNIAWELL, 2, Frederick Cresceut, Brixton, S.W.

CYCLES, GiCNTS £4, ladles £4 Ts 61, complete with pneumatic tyres. Accessories equally cheap. Send for prices.--Lxwm 68 Birnam road. Tollingtm Park.London,N.

P- 1-18ASANT RG(11 from dftrk or ring tteoked birds. - DoBBI, Pheasantries, Huntly, Gloucestershire.

I)I34kUTIFUL kRAYSEt.Good Shepherd, Rest at last. full music size,post free 8 stamps. BENBOW, Mersey road. Widnes.

S.PBR BLINDS. cram. ready hemmed, with lace, sizes 40x 72, 6id ; 45 x 72, 7d ;4S x 72, 7id ; or 6e, 61 6d and 74 per dozen.—U. T. Mia.r.oh, Commercial street, Batley

1.1 LASS SILVSRING process guaranteed genuine for sale. ki stamp particulars, FRASER, 1, Hayfield street, Glasgow.

_ 100110TOGR&PHIC TANTIIIIN SLIDES, coloured 651,, Ji_ plain 4d.—HICECLEY, Dorset street. Southampton.

ILEARA.TiIOI4 SALE, genuine phonogra.)h 6 recOrda 73 64 V Genuine gold moulded recnds Ilfd etch. Electric pocket lamps Is 3d. Stamp reply —STAPLET3N, Poulteney road. South Woodford.

LILECTRIC POI:11M PEASE{ LIMITS 2s. !refits Is. free. .E. 4 Ignition gecumulators 14s. 61.—W. BYGRIVE. Acournu- arm !Ind Battery Manufacturer, Barnet.

QI3ND IS. 60. for box of oigars.—STEvENSON, 22 Spring- -0 _ field lane. Paisley road, Glasgow. _

B&IMAMS for Ladies. Flake dress lengths Is 3d yard. costume Skirts 3s 11d. Patterns free.—Write _MANN AND Co., Marshalls Mills, Leeds.

T 00K H FlRH.—Gent's Sterling Silver Capped Lever IA WATCH 274 64 °Ash or 30s at 5s monthly. Best value In the world---Axpeasom Town street, Stanninglev.

AN OPPORTUNITY.

THE CRYPTO WORKS, LTD.,

HAVE MARKED EVERY SHOP-SOILED AND SBOOND-FUND MACHINE IN STOCK AT EXCEPTIONALLY LOW PRICES, FROM £.l 2s. TO EFFECT SPEEDY SALE. WRITE FOR LIST. EASY TERMS. 29, CLICRIERN WELL ROAD, B.C.

73, BUTTER MARK ET STREBT,

• 11- V V - ARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1872, JOHN SHAW & SON, WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. 52, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER.

J. RRAW & SON invite inspection of their splendid STOCK of GEM RINGS, from 20s to 2100. GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, and Long GUARD CHAINS. REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. A staff of competent men kept TELEPHONE NO. 5,267.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SOW NOW

FOR EVERI GARDEN.

GrwliDEN I)EAS.

No Culinary Vegetable has been so much improved in recent years in quality, produce, and strong, sturdy dwarf habit, so much needed in this district, where Pea Stakes are so scarce. The following are all sorts of great merit which we oan commend for general culture (hand-picked English Seeds of the best quality). viz. :—Chelsea Gem. lift. ; English Wonder. lift.; Dwarf Telephone. 2ft.; William Hurst, lift. ; The Sherwood, lft. ; Dairy, 2ft. ; Juno, 2ft. 6 Pints:arranged to eropi in succession, our selection, for 4/6. GARDEN BEANS (remarkable for delicate flavour and great crop).—Nonpariel Green Longpod. and Improved Green Windrior ; much Superior to the old white sorts. LETTUCE.—Satisfaction Cabbage, and Lancashire Giant Cos. Finest quality, large, and remain long fit for use. BEET. Carrots, Onions. Parsley, Radishes, to, all in the most perfect varieties.

Pull information in our plain and Practical List post free, from r ER & SONS', CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 666, CENTRAL.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO ALL.

Everyperson's future is, to a certain extent, in his own hand. Many a future which might have been brilli- ant has been darkened by lac kc of the spirit of self-help. Many a home, which might have been gladdened by life and health, and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness, and:death, in many cases wholly preventible. The sprig and summer months are, from a sanitary point of view, among the most important of the year. Due care may now mean a healthy and happy summer and autumn, and robust constitution to meet the trials of next winter. Neglect may now mean a joyless .summer; a trying autumn, and a broken constitution to succumb under the attacks of any exceptional trial. There are, indeed, few that do not feel the system needs recruiting after the trying winter • they have passed through. With some it is" only a little cough, with others, "a tendency to bronchitis," with others" not. quite up to the mark," "a sort of all-over sinking feeling," "to weak to do anything about the house," "these recurring headaches," ." no appetite for my food," etc. These and a dozen others are common expressions, which all point to the urgent need of.some good tonich What change of air can do for you in a few months time—if you are no worse than you are now—a course of some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of established reputation and of proved virtue will do now. There are several toric mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful A Owilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegitable Tonic. v It has never been known to fail; send for a pamphlet of testimonials and read the voluntary testimony herein contained. Then get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, which will prove to be your best self-help. We have no sympathy with those geople who always corn- lain of being ill and miserable and out of sorts, when a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters would soon set them right. Sold in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s d. eacht by all chemists and patent medicine vendors, or direc_ from the proprietors: The Quinine Bitters Mannfactur ing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales, carriage free by parcel post. Beware of imitations. See the name of" GwilymEvans " on label, stamp, and bottle; and refuse any preiparatiou offered as a substitute for

===== 0002601_19030522_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

THE BEST REMEDY OF THE AGE FOR WEAK- NESS, Nervousness, Indigestion, Sleeplessness, Depres- sion of Spirits, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Influenza If only given a fair trial, GWILYINI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS always affords great relief to those who buffer from these complaints.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Cairo-street Sunday School Anniversary

'Pais annual event took place on Sunday and was as successful as its predecessors. The preacher, morning and evening was the Rev. W. H. Drummond, B.A. of Belfast, formerly minister at Cairo street. There were large congregations, many availing themselves of the opportunity of renewing their acquaintance with Mr. Drummond. At the morning service he spoke upon the words" Come follow me. and I will make you fishers of men," urging self surrender to Christoand at the evening service be based his discourse on the text. "He that is mighty hath magnified me." An anthem was effici- ently sung at each service by the choir. Mr. James Muir, A.R.C.0., presided at the organ. There was a scholar's service in the afternoon, conducted by Mr. Joseph Owen, of Warrington, a former superintendent of the Sunday school. The Sunday school choir assis- tld in the singing, which was of a hearty character. Mr. Muir presided at the organ. The service was also taken part in by the Rev. W. H. Drummond, who was Afterwards entertained to tea in the Congregational Parlour by the teachers and members of the congrega- tion. About 70 persons sat down. Mr. T. Birchall, J.P., made a few remarks in which he expressed the pleasure of those present in seeing Mr. Drummond amongst them once more. Mr. Drummond also spoke and alluded to the pleasant time he spent amongst them as their pastor. The collections throughout the day realised about £4O.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Open Meeting of the WycEffe P.S.A. Society.

WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE. The Proposed Staff. MR. F. MONKS RESIGNS the CHAIRMANSHIP. The Salary of the Director of Education.

There was a full attendance at the meeting of the Education Committee, held on Monday evening. Mr. F. Monks, J.P., presided. FILLING UP VACANCIES.

The CHAIRMAN read a letter from the Town Clerk, which stated that Alderman Shaw Green had ceased to be a member of the Council and also a member of the Education Committee. At a meeting of the Council Councillor Brophy was elected, while Mr. Wm. Bibby was appointed a co-optative member of the committee. Councillor Wilkinson was appointed a member of the Finance Committee and Mr. Bibby a member of the School Attendance Committee.

IMPORTANT RECOMMENDATIONS. CLASSIFICATION OF TEACHERS.

The School Management Committee submitted some important recommendations with reference to the scale , of salaries for teachers.

THE COOKERY CLASSES._

It was recommended that when a scale of salaries for teachers is adopted, it shall be made retrospective to Ist April, 1903; that the cookery mistress be engaged to devote her whole time to the cookery classes at a salary of .£lOO per annum, and that an assistant be ap- pointed at a salary of ..£7O per annum; that the engage- ment of all pupil teachers begin on July Ist ; that the necessary text books be lent to the pupil teachers attending the institute from schools under the com- mittee, and that the pupil teachers be allowed to keep the books, provided a satisfactory report is received from the teachers of their classes after the yearly examinations; that each head teacher be allowed £1 to meet petty cash payments, land that an account of the expenditure of the same be kept to be audited by the Borough Treasurer; that each head teacher wake a return of the approximate amount of stationery, &c., required during the year; that each head, teacher of the school In which fees are charged keep a record of the fees received.

APPOINTMENT OF TEACHERS. At a meeting on the 7th May, it was resolved that consent be given to the appointment of the following 'teachers :—Mr. Gilbert Lewis, Mr. A. E. Sproston, and Mr.P. S. Rothvrell, Warrington Plrochial, o£9o each (provisionally) ; Miss Edwards, Latchford National Infants' School, £75; Miss E. A. Clare, Latchford, St. James' (mixed), £47 10s. A resolution of the Finance Committee with reference to the salaries of Mr. A. Green, Warrington Parochial Schools, and Miss S. Jones, Trinity National School, for the month of April having been reacl,it was resolved that the kalaries of these teachers be paid for the month of April 1903 ; also that in the absence of exceptional circumstances, in cases of illness,the full salary be paid for the first month, and half the salary for the second month, that a teacher is absent from school; that the head teacher of each school record the absence of all teachers, and the reason thereof on the monthly attend- ance returns; that all the schools be closed on Thurs- day, May 21st, 1903 ; that a summer course of nature study be held; that Mr. A. Deane beappointed teacher at a salary of 7s. per lesson, and that the fee to students be 2s. 6d.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOLTDAYS,

At a meeting held on the 14th May it was resolved that the schools of the town be closed for the summer holidays from noon on Friday, July 17th, to Monday morning, August 17th, and also on October Ist and 2nd. CLASSIFICATION OF TEACHERS. _ _ . _

It was resolved "That the following classification of teachers and scale of salaries be approved and adopted " : Certificated assistant teachers.—Certificated assistant teachers shall be divided into two groups: Group I. Teachers who have been trained at a college for two years. Group 11. Teachers who have not been trained at a college. Each group shall be divided into three classes as follows :—Class A. Teachers having obtained a first, double first, or first and second class I certificat.e. Class B. Teachers having obtained a second, double second, or first and third class certificate. Class C. Teachers having obtained a third, double third, or second and third class certificate. Salaries.—Group 1 (college trained), MEN. Wom EN. Despite the wet weather there was a large attendance Min. Max. Min. Max. at the open meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Class A ....- £9O ... £145 Sunday when the members were allowed to bring their . Class B lady friends. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Watson ! Class .0 F.R.A.S. who in the course of a short address, said Group 2 (not college trained). it was always a pleasant thing when men who were MEN. WOMEN. associated in the ordinary business of every day . life ' - Min. Max. Min. . Max. ban;lecl themselves together in a societyllike that for Class A ... £BO ... £195 the purpose of advancing the moral and spiritual wel- , Class B ... £75 ... £lls fare and their fellow men. They were all more or less . Class C ... £7O ... £lO6 .£55 ... £5 to £9O engaged in the work of this world ;he did not call it 1. Teachers who have obtained their parchment will secular work but a work in which they were engaged as commence £lO higher than the minimum. by divine command. When man was first sent into the 2. Teachers who have a degree of a British University world he received the divine command to or its equivalent, will be paid £lO par annum above the rvienish and subdue the earth and that he held to scale of their class. be a sufficient warrant for the equal sacredness of the 3. Teachers_ who have been three or four years at a legitimate occupations of man. No man had any right training college will be regarded as havingserved one to say to his brother, "Stand aside I am holier than or two years respectively under the committee. thou.' It behoved all of them to go forward to the 4. Teachers who have served for one year at the •duties of life and take an interest in them as though maximum salary of their class may be transferred to they were God's work and do what they could for the the next higher if favourable reports be received from advance of their brother's moral and spiritual interests...HM..l , the managers, and the head teacher of the —Mr. W. Beecher Smith; of the Manchester Y.M.C.A. school.. . drew some useful lessons from the habits of the trap- 5. The annual increments shall be as follows :—Men: door spider, the hunting spider, and the water spider. Class A. ''.s per annum; after six years' satisfactory He asked his hearers to let the trap-door spider teach service, £lO per annum. Class B. £5 per annum ; after them to shut their he irts against that which was evil, seven years' satisfactory service £lO per annum. Class to let the cord of the hunting spider be symbolical of C. -£5 per annum ' • after eight years' satisfactory service a cord which would bring them into communion with £lO per;annum. Women, £5 per annum. When a Christ, and drawing them upward, and to let the habits teacher is transferred from one class to another, the of the water spider in creating anatniosphere of its own total length of service will determine the annual in- -teach them the necessity of private devotion and prayer. crease of salary. r--Mr. Pownall was in good voice and very effectively Uncertificated assistants (teachers recognised under sang two solos entitled "The Outcast" and " Honour Articles 50 and 51 of the Education Code).—Uncertifi- and Arms." 1 cated assistants shall be divided into two classes :_Class

A. Assistants who have Obtained a first class in the scholarship examination, or have passed any of the examinations recognized by the Board of Education in schedule IV of the code. Class B. Assistants who have obtained a third class in the scholarship examina- tion. Salaries.—

- MEN. WO M EN. Min. Inc. Max. Min. Inc. Max. Class A -£45 ... £2 105.... £55 ... £4O ... £2 10.5.... £l5 Min. Inc. Max. Min. Inc. Max. Class B £42 105....£2 105...£55...£37 105....£2 105...£45 1. Pupil teachers who fail to pass the scholarship above the third class may have their indentures ex- tended for another year, but will not be appointed assistants unless they pass in the second or higher class. 2. Assistants who do not join certificate classes as well as those who maybe excluded therefrom,will not receive any yearly increments. 3. Assistants who have not ob- tained their certificate at the end of five years from the date of passing the scholarship examination will no longer be retained in the service of the committee. 4. No pupil teacher will be appeinted an aksistant except on April Ist or July Ist. - General regulations to apply to all teachers.-1. The annual increase of salary shall be considered in Decem- ber and may be withheld at the discretion of the com- mittee for unsatisfactory reports for faults of character or discipline, and for breach of the committee's regula- tions. •2. The committee reserve to themselves the right to consider any special qualifications not men- tioned in this scale. 3. No salary will be paid to teachers in cases of absence, except in cases of sickness, unless the committee receives a satisfactory explana- tion ; each case will be considered on its merits. 4. All advances of salaries shall date from the first day of April. 5. When a teacher under a new appointment commences duty before September 30th the remainder of the year shall be counted as a full year of service, and if the teacher under a new appointment commences dutyafter September 30th, the re naindtr of that year shall not be counted at all as a year of service. Boys. Girls. 'First year ... £25 ... £l5 Second year ... £3O ... £2O Third year ... £35 ... £26 The increase of salaries will depend upon a satisfac- tory report from the head teacher,and from the teachers of the pupil teachers classes being received by the committee at the end of each year of service. The increase will date from the first of. July. The com- mittee will provide all the necessary text 'books which will be given to the pupil teacher if his or her progress is satisfactory. ,tNote.—lt was agreed that the foregoing! scheme should be applicable to all future appointments, but in regard to existing appointments, it was resolved that teachers in the service of the managers of the schools previous to September 30th, 1902, be regarded as having served one year under the Education Committee; that the salaries of all teachers below the minimum of the scale be raised to the minimum as from April Ist, 1903; that the salaries of all teachers above the minimum of the scale shall be regarded as being in accordance with the scale; that the salaries of all teachers, 'which are above the minimum of the scale, and have not been increased since September 30th, 1902. be incr3ased according to the scale as from Ist April, 1902; that the increases of salaries of teachers which are above the _ _ _ _ _

Councillor ROGERS seconded. .„ I Councillor 'WILLIAM RouEtas thought Councillor i Upson had given very good reasons why it should be I expunged. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY pointed out that the sub-committee I did not arrive at the decisidn without very careful , deliberation. Though the teaching profession was an honourable profession and the members of it diseharged their duties in an admirable manner as a whole, there were black sheep in every flock and the regulation re- ferred to was provided in order that any dereliction of duty might come in proper form before the School Management Committee month by month, and if neces- sary, be reported to the full:committee. He submitted it would be an extremely regrettable step if the amend- ment proposed were carried. He hoped the committee would not begin by being carried away by sentiment. There must be no shirking of plain facts being brought forward when necessary. Mr. THOMAS MAY pointed out that in Government official life there was generally a book kept to record the hour of arrival and departure, and seeing that teachers would virtually become public officials under the present management, a record should be kept of their arrival and departura, and of leave of absence. It was impossible to carry on the work efficiently unless 1 they had such a record. Councillor Upsos, in answer to Mr. Jolley, pointed out that the haul teacher suffered most through the absence of his staff, and he would not tolerate absence on frivolous grounds. (Hear, hear.) If any teacher absented himself or herself without sufficient reason, the head teacher would send the name of such teacher to the School Management Committee. In answer to Mr. May, he might say a record was kept for Government inspection, and the Inspector went through the logbook kept by the headmaster and noticed all the absences. Councillor Upson's amendment was then carried by a large majority. PRACTICAL COOKERY WASTED. Alderman SMETHURST thought, with regard to the cookery classes minute, that they passed a resolutionat the last meeting to have a head mistress at 10s. per lecture. Councillor W. ROBERTS: Wasn't it dressmaking? (Laughter.) Alderman S3IETHURST said he had been under the im- pression that it was cookery. But in reference to cookery he was sure they were all anxious that their girls should be taught how to cook—(hear, hear),—and what to cook. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He hoped the cookery mistresses would teach their girls how to cook at the least cost, and not to endeavour to teach them things that were utterly impossible for a working- man to provide. It might be all right for those who kept spices and a dozen or two of eggs in their cup- boards —(laughter)—but that was not the kind of cookery teaching they wanted. They wanted classes where pupils could be taught to cook beefsteak and porridge, etc., in the workingman's style, and if there were alot of bones left teach them h,e, to make a dinner with them. (Laughter.) Let them have something practical and not something out of the reach of poor people. (Hear, hear.) Councillor PlErtPorce: I think after this cookery lecture from Alderman Smethurst it would be &graceful act on the part of the Council if we could appoint him sub-inspector 'of the classes, and I suggest that. (Laughter.)

Councillor ROGERS: I second that. The Rev. JOHN YONGE remarked that although Alder- man Smethurst's speech had created a great deal of B,a-inset-no:it, there was a good deal of sense about it, and from what he (Mr. Yonge) had heard from ladies in town the teachers in cookery might give more hints on the subject. They wanted. their girls to learn common- Bence every-day cookery, and not something ornamental as would grace the tables at the Mayor's banquet. It was necessary for the girls to be taught something that would be appetising to the workingman when he oame home. (Hear, hear). The CHAIRMAN observed that working men's cookery and sick cooke.ry were taught. The Rev. JOHN YONGE said ho was glad to hear that, but Alderman Smethurst's humorous remarks should be considered to have a grain of sense in them. THE TRAINING OF PUPIL TEACHERS. Mr. R. T. FAIRCLODGH thought they should be safe- guarded against pupil teachers, who had been taught at a groat cost to the town, leaving as soon as they were taught. If they did not continue in the profession, the commtttee should be reimbursed. They should also consider what proportion of pupil teachers they had for the scholars that were being taught. Alderman MONKS said it seemed to him a great pity that the members of the committee did not show their practical interest in the work by going to classes and seeing what was actually being done. If they had done that not one word would have been said that had been said that evening, and instead of criticising they would come there to praise the work that was being done. All along since cookery instruction had been given under the auspices of that committee it had had special refer- ence to what the children were likely to require in their own homes. The fees which the scholars earned would pay the expenses of carrying on the classes. With re- gard to what Mr. Fairclough had said, the details in the organization had yet to be considered, and the matter would be brought forward in time. There were some schools which had not had pupil teachers. That was not fair to the other schools who had to train pupil teachers. The number of teachers to scholars was part of the organization plan which would be brought for- ward in the future. Mr. .FAIRCLOUGH said he presumed they would be safeguarded. Alderman MONKS said they could not do that. They would have to comply with the rules and regulations laid down by the Government department with reference to pupil teachers. There was a tendency to stop pupil teachers from teaching in the schools. The minutes, as amended, were then adopted. MINUTES TO BE SUPPLIED TO THE PRESS. COUNCILLOR W. ROBERTS AND THE FOUNDA- TION MANAGERS. At a me3ting of the General Purposes Committee it was resolved that Mr. F. Monks beappointed Chairman of this committee for the ensuing year; that the minutes of the committees shall not be supplied to the press before they have been approved by the Education Committee; that a sub-committee consisting of the chairmen of all the committees consider and report upon the applications for the transfer to the Local Authority of the following :—(a). Litchford Natioaal Infants' Department. (h). St. George's Mission Infants' School. (c). Warrington British School: Infants' Department, Thewlis-street, Infante Depart- ment, Cairo-street. The CHAIRMAN moved the confirmation of the minutes. Mr. R. T. FA.IRCLOUGH seconded. Conacillor DODDS moved an amendment that the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the paragraph ,stating that the minutes should not be supplied to the press before they had been approved by the Education Committee. He did net think it *as desirable to make such a condition. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded. He said he was present at the meeting of the General Purposes Committee and strenuously opposed the resolution. He wished to say in the most emphatic manner possible that the resolu- tion seemed neither desirable nr practicable. Even if it were desirable he ventured to think it would be absolutely impracticable. At the first meeting of the committee it was unanimously agreed that the public and

the press should be admittedand the present resolution seamed to be entirely reactionary. Councillor BENNETT supported the amendment, and said he was entirely opposed to the resolution at the committee meeting. It would really be non-effective even if it were allowed to stand. He thought it was in every way desirable that they should take the public into their confidence. When questions of serious importance had to be discussed, it might be of considerable help to know what the public thought of the policy to be adop- ted. Whilst he was the last man in the world to be moved by any gust of popular opinion, or anything of that kind, they must remember that they were there as the servants of the public, and they ought to take the public into their confidence and get to know their views on any important question. Councillor W. RouErtTs said he happened to be the unfortunate individual who proposed the resolution which was carried by a maiority of one vote. He had not the same reason for proposing it now as he had at the committee meeting. It, was proposed as a protest against the publishing of the appointment of foundation managers before the names had received the sanction of

all the clerks and the office arrangements, and to direct the clerical work in connection with the elementary schools; Stationary and Stores Clerk, sarary £125, to arrange for estimates for stationery and school re- quisites ; to take stock in the schools; to be responsible for the proper keeping of the stock and stores account, and the inventory book. To examine and report upon the materials supplied by .the contractor; Minutes and Committee Clerk, salary £7B, to keep all the minute books of the committee ; to issue the proceedings of the committee, and to summon all committees; Junior Clerk, salary £65, for general office work. The Director was given permission to appoint thejuniorclerk as soon as possible. It was further resolved, that the salary of the Director of Education be £lO3 per annum, to be in- creased by yearly increments of £25 to ,a maximum of £5OO per annum. The CHAIRMAN explained that all the recominenda tions were unanimous on the part of the sub-corn mittee. Councillor DODDS : Would it save time if I ask how the committee was appointed a,nd constituted? Some members do not seem to know. The CHAIRMAN read the resolution passed at the first meeting or the committee which provided that the chairman and deputy-chairman of each sub-committee should be appointed a special sub-committee to consider and report on the duties of the several officers and to make recommendations as to the appointment of other officers. Councillor PIERPOINT : I should liketo ask whether , these proposals have been submitted to the School I Management Committee. I The CHAIRMAN: I think that question will be in I order when the motion has been seconded. Continuing ' he said they would admit that it was necessary to have a staff to control and minage the affairs of the commit- tee. Mr. Murray had very carefully considered what was necessary and he submitted recommendations re- quiring a staff of about six for the work he had to do. ;His (the chairman's) own feeling after his business ex- perience of the past forty odd years was that they would not be sufficient to do the work. At any rate, if the staff should prove to be large enough his feeling i was that the new officials would perform their duties I much more efficiently, that most clerical staffs in the !various works. Mr. Monks proceeded to oompare War- rington with other towns in which' School Boards had been in operation. In Salford where there were 19 schools and 11,774 scholars they had a staff of 10 for purely elementary education. In Oldham where there were 19 schools and 11,122 scholars the staff numbered ten. In Warrington there was a larger number of schools and children than were being attended to by any School Board in Lancashire, the schools numbering 21 I and the children 13,593. They were very anxious that the work of organization should bens complete and per. fect as possible. What they had to do-was, to a large i extent, to evolve order out of chaos. The twenty one , schools which,the authority had to take over had been managed by various committees, and in addition they ! had technical and secondary education and the pupil , teachers' centre. and the continuation schools. They I felt that the work of the Director would be arduous and , he would need all the gupport he could possibly get from 'an efficient and well-trained staff. If, to begin with, Mr. Murray had to train his own staff it would throw additional work upon him which he (the chairman) was quite certain he would not be able to perform

Mr.gonks detailed the various duties of the new officials and went on to refer to the proposed increase of Mr. Murray's salary. He pointed out that the Director had to take charge of the elementary, secon- dary, and technical education, as well as the pupil I teachers' centre. He had obtained figures with refer- ence to the salaries paid in nine Lancashire and York- shire towns with School Boards, and all of them were ; forelementary education only. Manchester and Liver- pool, of course had always a larger number of schools and scholars than Warrington, arid he believed that the I salary of the Director in Manchester had been raised to ; £l,OOO, whereas in Liverpool it was certainly not less than £BOO. Mr. Monks proceeded to give figures relat- ing to other towns. Councillor DODDS, : Have you got the time these gentlemen have been in office? The CHA IRMA'S : No I have not. Councillor DODDS The figures are no Ilse then. The CHAIRM AN submitted the following details:— Burnley, 15 schools, 8,765 children, Director's salary, £3OO ; Barnsley, 7 schools. 3,284 children, salary, £350; Bolton, 16 schools, 11,100 children, salary £350 (recently raised to £750) ; Rochdale, .15 schools, 7.323 children, salary, 1:350 ; Barrow, 18 schools 8,050 chil- dren, salary, £400; Blackburn, schools, 3,976 children, salary, £4OO • Bootle, 4 schools, 5,200 children, salary, £400; Birkenhead, 5 schools, 4,700 children, salary, £4OO (recently raised to £500) ; Middlesborough, 11 schools, 11,689 children, salary, £4OO. Speaking for himself he did not think the proposed salary of £4OO was one whit too much for the work they were expect- ing to be done. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded. .( Councillor .Donns moved an amendment that. the question of the proposed additions to the staff should be specially referred to a committee composed of four members of the Town Council and three members of the Education Committee to be now nominated. Mr. Monks hadsaid that the chairmen and deputy-chairmen of the sub-committees were left to deal with the matter, but there were no deputy-chairmen. He thought they ought to have more members on a committee which had •to deal with such an important matter. He was told that the committee had kept getting smaller and smaller and there were now only four members. Alderman I Bolton told him the other day that although he was present at the committee meeting he did not agree with what was done. The committee had really been a Monks—Jolley combination—the two •Mr. Monks's and M Mr. Jolley. He did not think that Mr. onks, Alder- man Monks and Mr. Jolley, however able they might be and however much they had done for education, were ! sufficient to deal with it matter of such importance. . Couneillor Dodds then, moved a second amendment I "that the salary of the director, of Education remain at £3OO per annum for at least one year from the date of entering on his duties." He was veryfrieudly towards Mr. Murray and knew his family and should be the last man to do or say anything against him. A Director of Education was advertised for on November 14th, and Mr. Murray entered upon the duties on January 12th. The immediate advance of £lOO and the prospec- tive increase of .ClOO were proposed three months and eleven days after he commenced work. He (Councillor Dodds) was present at the meeting of the' Museum Committee when it was decided to advertise for a Director. Alderman Monks stated the duties which would have to be performed including the prospective duties in connection with the Education Bill then before Parliament. He (Councillor Dodds) asked him distinctly ,if he thought he would get such a man as was reauired for £3OO, and Alderman Monks replied that £3OO was ample and they would receive it large numher of appli- cations from the very best men. Councillor F. R. Roberts got up and stated that a secretary was required to transact all the work in connection with the Victoria 'University and they got a spleadid man, after receiving many applications, for £250. He (Councillor Dodds) still demerred as he thought they could not get the man they wanted for £3OO. He was very glad he had taken notes of what was said at that meeting. Alderman Mostcs : What I said at that time had no reference to elementary- education. Councillor Domas said Aldarmm Monks's remarks had reference to the prospective duties of the Director

in connection with the new Act.' Alderman Mons said he must correct Councillor Dodds as the matter was important and had an import- ant bearing on the case. Councillor Doors : I don't think Alderman Monks ought to reply now. Alderman MONKS : He has made a very serious mis- take. Councillor DODDS : I have a note of all I said. Alderm LU Moxfcs said that in proposing the appoint- ment he made it qnite clear that in no sense of the word would the director have anything to do with elementary education: The £3OO was to be paid to Mr. Murray in respect of his duties as director of ethics- tiou dealing exclusively and entirely with seoondary education only. They did not wish to make the appoint- ment or to tie the hands of the committee in regard to elementary education at all. Cotincillor DODDS : It is a question of what Alder- man -Monks said and members of the committee will accept what 1 have said or otherwise as they may feel disposed. T have nothing to gain by tiling yoa what is inaceurate. lam here to siv...,ak the truth.

it being confirmed, and it therefore Came now after the General Committee or the Town Council. He felt The CHAIRMAN: You mast give credit to other important they should have the real facts with regard having been further considered by the School Manage- at the time and he still thought that the publication of people for wishing to do the same. to that before going into a matter of such moment. It ment Committee. As the result of the change, they those names Wa-S a grave mistake. (Hear, hear.) He Couneillor DJDDS' : If we are to give .f.,'100 or ,E5OO was perfectly clear from the advertisement that when would be able to give about double the number of repeated his opinimit that night for the reason that the to a gentleman after we have advertised a salary of Mr. Murray was appointed director that appointment scholars the neCessary instruction in cooking that had Publication •of the names Placed those members who £303, does it not seem unjust to the ratep tyers and was in no way connected with the post in connection been possible hitherto. They had a large room,which objected to some of those appointments in aposition of unjust to the candidates if we are going to give £4OO with elementary education. That being so, and they would admit a teocher and an assistant being very great delicacy because the names had not only been almost immediately when that WAS not stated in the were doubling the duties which Mr. Murray would have employed, and they could take 3G scholars as against made public but everyone of these individuals had been advertisement so that the best men could apply. He to perform, it was only f tir -and reasonable that a salary 18 in the present classes. The salaries had been care- written to and their consent obtained to the appoint- . contended that they aught at any rate to keep the should be paid him for those additional services. He fully considered, and were based upon what had been ments. Therefore it would have been an exceedingly i salary as it was for twelve months. thought the figures the Gihairman had given them con- ascertained to be about the average in other towns. delicate matter for anyone to single out any of the I Councillor PIERPOINT seconded, firmed to the fullest possible extent the bare fact that ' They were more than it had been customary to pay in names for objection. `That was his only reason for pro- I Councillor ‘VILKINSON supported the first amend- even with the increase they proposed to give that night Warrington, because it was necessary to attract a better posing the resolution and having made the protest and ' ment. Mr. Murray would be under-paid rather than over-paid class of teachers, and they also wanted more of them. explained the reason he was quite willing for the reso- I Councillor W. ROBERTS : We can only take one at in comparison with neighbouring towns. (Mr. Jolley : The Education Act would causean increased demand for lution to be withdrawn. He would, however,like to say i once. "Hear, hear.!') They had launched the education scheme teachers, and unless they offered a greater inducement he was still of opinion that the publishing of the names I The CHAIRMAN also took this view. in Warrington on the whole very satisfactorily, and they would not get a sufficient number of men and had been a very grave error indeed. He believed a i .Coancillor DODDS moved the amendment with regard they were all satisfied with the man they had placed at women to join the profession. The object of the fairer adjustment would have been made had the matter Ito Mr. Murray's salary- the helm. Don't letjthern for the mere sake of an extra arrangement was to give thera-financial encouragement, ' been discussed by the general committee before the I Couucillor WILKINsON thought the committee aP- £2 a week give that man a slap in the face by re- and if a teacher liked to go on with his work and make names were supplied to the press. Waen they came to pointed by the Education Authority to deal with the fusing to give him a reasonable amount for the addi- himself better fitted for it, he would get a higher re- : divide the names among Churchmen, Roman Catholics additions to the staff ought to be strengthened by more tional services they were asking him to render,and which muneration in the proportion in which he increased his ! and Nonconformists there was a most unfair proportion members of the Town Council. , they were all ready to admit he had carried out to the qualifications, and a most unfair prepofiderance.lle thought that if the The CHAIRM tN : You are out of order. 'entire satisfaction of the committee. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded the motion. committee had been in possession of the iiiformation Councillor WILKINsoN contended that if the full Alderman SMETHURST inquired if Mr. Murray had COUNCILLOR UPSON AND THE ABSENCE OF TEACHERS, which could be given to them now the error would duties of the director had been set forth in the advertis- asked for an increase of siilary ? Councillor UPSON remarked that the head teachers in never have been made. meat the same director would have agreed to combine Councillor DODDS : Was he promised an increase Warrington took exception to the minute relating to On a vote being taken the a,meadment was carried, the Technical and Elementary work. He should like to when he commenced his ditties? the recording of the absence of all teachers, and the only Messrs. R. T. Fai:clough, Fulton Smith, and T. ask if the director was aa authority on elementary The CHAIRMAN : Not that I know of. I don't knew reason thereof. At a meeting of the head teachers in May voting against it. education? (Hear, hear.) If Mr. Murray was not—and whetszer anyone else knows. . Warrington on Saturday last he was asked to move MR. MURRXY'S SL VFW. he (the speaker) believed he had had vary little experi- i Mr. GuEsT : May I move an amendment? that the minute be struck out. He pointed out that the • once—let his salary remain as it was, and appoint a man ! The CHAIRMAN: We must dispose of the present PROPOSAL FOR IMMEDIATE ADVANCE teachers' absences were recorded in the log book, which to look after the elementary education of the town who : one first. DEFEATED. . was open for the inspection of the managers and His was thoroughly qualified. I Councillor Wiraussos again raised the question of Majesty's inspectors. He did not think there would be LIVELY DISCUSSION. Mr. A. J. jOLLEY expressed regret at the tone in Mr. Murray's qualifications to take over the extra any objection to the Director of Education being VIE Ca:kiln-lAN RESIGNS. • which Councillor Dodds and seen fit to introduce the duties. question. Oae remark of Councillor Wilkinson's had Mr. WALKER thought the question Alderman allowed to see the log book when he chose to ask for 1 The CHAIRMAN moved the adoption of the minutes of should brush aside. He had referred to Mr. Murray's , Smethurst had put was a very pertinent one. ed it. Councillor Upson proceed to speak on the un- the special sub-committee which contained several im- incompetency in dealing with elementary education. I The Cita IRNIAN : Mr. Murray has practically asked desirability of recording the reason for teachers ab- I , portant recommendations. At the meeting on April 23rd, vCeuncillor WILKINSON: I was merely asking. j for an advance. seuces, especially in the case of women. The head a report of the staff necessary for the -education offices :tit". JOLLEY said that statement showed that Council- I Mr. WALKER: I don't understand tho word practi: th teachers would not tolerate e shirking of duty b- havig been considered, it was resolved,that the follow- lor Wilkinson had spoken on the subject without making , ca,lly. He must have made a direct appiicatidn or not. any teacher. The teachers attended most admirably to , • 'i mg clerks be appointed :—Chief Clerk salary, £175, the smalleit preliminary effort to acquaint himself with I The CHAIRMAN : He has made a verbal application. their duties. He moved that the minute be struck out. to act as assistant to the Director; to have charge of 1,- - • - - --r Isz-- "

the facts of-the c Ise

and it WAS molt regrettable that

gentlemen should b(Yet. up to make speeches in public without taking the trouble to verify statements they were about to make. Mr. Murray had had a consider- able experience both with regard to elementary educa- tional work and secoaltry anl the higher educational work,and it was largely on account of his knowledge that he was selected first by the Technical Instruction Committee; and then by the Museum Committee. That action was subseiuentlyconflrined by the Town. Council He haped before any vote was taken that gentlemen would quite clear their minds on the point as to whether the increase now proposed to be given to Mr. Murray ought to have any element introduced incon- sideration of or relating to the original advertisement under which he was appointed. Councillor Dodds had made a great play about the matter; and reflected inn very unfair manner on the action of the sub-committee who recommended the increase of salary. He had de- scribed the sub-committee as a Monks and Jolley com- bination and had told them that Alderman Bolton was opposed to them and did not approve of the recommen- dationasa whole. He (the speaker) could only say that Alderman Bolton agreed with every resolution that had been put forward by the sub-committee and. as the Caairman of the present meeting had pointed out quite , correctly, the cornm.ttea were absolutely unanim The four gentlemen who met ware absolutely agreed, and he would like to suggest that if four men like the Caairman, Alderman Minks, Alderman Bolton, and him- self, wao dpproached the question from different stand- points and with such different temperaments, were absolutely unanimous,. the E lucation Committee he thought would agree that their • action was not abso- lutely idiotic. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Jolley then read the terms of the advertisemqnt under which Mr. Murray was appointed from which it appeared that the duties were to supervise and control the Technical School, School of Art, Pupil Teachers' Centre, Continuation School, and Cinamercial Classes. When the new Act came into operation the Town Council appointed Mr Murray to be the chief official in respect of education as a whole. He believed it was fully understood that if Mr. Murray was apointed he should receive an ade- quate salary for the work he would have to perform. He was now the head official of this County Boroagh in educational matters. When he was first appointed he had te deal at the outside with a fewhundreds of pupils; now he had to deal with many thousands, and they hoped —those who had the real interests of education at heart in the town—he would succeed in stopping any waste of energy in educational work and improve it all round If he MLA loyally supported he 1V:1.9 sure they would see a very marked improvement in Warrington an a very short time. (Hear, hear). In effect the committee had had to taAe over the workof a large school board, com- bined with the work of the old Technical Instruction Committee, and he contended that the remuneration it was proposed to give was very modest indeed in the case of a mm of Mr Murray's scientific attainments and business capacity, which he combined in a very happy manner. Mr. PfAssTo.l said he should oneeso the pro- posed increase of salary on behalf of the rate- payers. Mr. Murray was selected at a salary of £3OO a year. He (the speaker) was not at all concerned whether the Director was an expert in elementary , matters, but it was found that they had been tacked on !to his duties and they were, he expected, about to appoint other officials at a salary of £1•13 to do the . . _ _ _

Councillor DODDS : Was it held out to

lim at his

extra p tat of the work. He wished it to be proved to him that Mr. Murray deserved another increase of £lOO, as w3llae assistance costing £11; a year. Mr. Murray was a very capable ofiieial and also most courteous, aid, therefore, there was othing of a personal nature that caused him to object to the increase. They did expect to progress, but what was proposed was express progression. In dealing with towns metters and rates they ought not to proceed at an express rate, and Mr. Murray should wait 12 months before any increase was given. , , Celinalor J.% Nige EVA.NS was of the opinion that the , matter should have been dealt with by the School • Management Committee and contended that the resolu- tion of the Education Committee which the Chairman had read did not refer to salaries. He asked whether the recommendations of the sub-committee would need the confirmation of the Council to become effective. - The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK: I think they will. Councillor EVANS said he would reserve his right to speak on the matter at the Council -meeting. He be- lievea that if the appointment had been fairly adver- tisel a large number of very cap able persons might have been found at a considerably Jess salary than was pro- posed to be paid. The Rev. MiRLEY STEVENSON said he was sure they would all agree that the post of director of education was one of enormous importance in this town. He was • sure they would also agree that if Warrington was to come to the front in the matter of education, as every- one present hoped and believed that it would do, they , ' must have as excellent a man as they could get. (Hear ihear). It was impossible to over-estimate the itn--. portance of the work of the first director of education. The organization would be a very large and difficult task indeed, and it would tax all the energies and all the wisdom of the person to whom it was confided. He had seen a great deal of Mr. Murray, and had been brought into pretty close contact with him in various ways. He had also the pleasure of knowing gentlemen who held similar positions in other large towns in the neighbour- hood, and he did not hesitate to say that he firmly be- lieved that in Mr. Murray they hat' got a most excellent man.He thought they had been most fortunate, and he felt it woulct be nothing short of disastrous if, for the sake of a certain sum of money, even though it might seem rather a large sum, they should lose his services. When he looked at the advertisements in the scholastic papers and read the salaries offered for similar posts in other large towns—salaries which were larger than any of those the Chairman had quoted that evening—it seemed to him if they were going to keep Mr. Murray at a salary of £3OO they would not keep him very long. He felt certain, although it might seem a large increase .—and he granted it was a large increase—it would be an increase which.theY would not regret in the long runes Councillor PlEnvomr said he thought they had ob- tained opinions from every one that Mr. Murray was perfect in every respect as a director of education. He was not going to say Mr. Murray was under-paid or over-paid. The objection he had taken to the proposed advance in his salary was because he thought it was in- opportune. He thought the argument that Mr. Murray had not been in their employ four months was quite sufficient to ,justify his seconding Councillor Dodds' amendment, and it was on those grounds that he did so. As for—should he call it the veiled threat—that Mr. Murray might possibly leave them if . they did not give him more than £3OO a year, that had made him more stubborn in his resistance—(hear, hear)—to the minute referring to Mr. Murray's salary than he was before. As Mr. Plinston said; they were there in the interests of education, and they were desirous to seethe system as complete asyossible,btit they were not there to throw money awe* right and left. Although he was very pleased with the 'little speech made by INlr.Jolley with reference to the composition of the committee, he. must express his opinion that resolutions such as those presented to them that night wanted that weight which a greater number of members would have given. He desired to see Mr. Murray continue his educational career in WatTington and he would be one of the first at the proper time to propose that the.salary be advaneed. Mr. Madeley carried on the work fora long time at the munificent salary of £54) a year. C' 'llor W. Rouelers said he could not but think

appointment? Alderman MONKS said that when Mr. Murray was appointed he asked what chance he would have of secur- ing the additional work. (Councillor Dodds: "Hear, hear.") He did not know what there was to "hear, hear" about. Continuing, the Alderman said he did not know whether the director spoke to any other member of the committee, but he (the speaker) told him that he could give no information whatever on that point and that he must take the appointment in the terms of the advertisement which had been read that evening by Mr. --Jolley. He must take the risk of securing the extra work. They had no idea at that time who would be menbers of the Education Committee, and he had no right whatever even if he ha,d been so inclined to give Mr. Murray any hope or encouragement. Certainly he gave him none nor any kind of pledge. Councillor BENNETT said it was rather unfortunate when they were asking for an increase of salary to Mr. Murray that they were also proposing to appoint another official who would be practically responsible for that portion of the work for which they were as a committee asked to give an increase—(hear, hear)—£l7s to take charge practically of elementary education. He had not a word to say against Mr. Murray. He had , been impressed with the grip he had taken of his duties and with the enthusiasm which he seemed disposed to put in the work but in his own interests, and on the groundof economy, and the effect which such an early application might have upon other members of the , Corporation staff it. would have been wiser to have waited a little longer: Mr. Stevenson had said that they could not hope to retain Mr. Murray's services , permanently at £3OO. Perhaps not, and he should be the last in the world to fix the maximum salary at any- thing like £.300, but it would have been wiser to have waited a little longer. (Hear, hear.) Councillor ROGERS hoped Mr. Murray would with- draw the application for at least 12 months, and then come before the committee again. Councillor WILKINSON: He has never made applica- tion. Councillor ROGERS : And I have no doubt the application would be granted if the committee are satisfied that we have got a suitable man. Mr. R. TAFAIRCLOUGH said that in valuing a person's services heitlways looked at the market price. Middles- boref# was the town which approached nearest to Warrington with regard to figures, and if Middlesboro' had to pay £4OO he tilought Warrington ought to pay it or they would not have a good man. Councillor WILKINSON: How long has Middlesboro' been going.? Alderman MONKS wished to emphasize a fact which members seemed to ignore or did not realize—the great change that had been made in the work of the depart- ment by reason of the passing of the Education Act and the consequent increase of the work. Mr. Murray was appointed to deal with secondary education only. Reference had been made to the 13ffect that they were now travelling at "express speed." That remark would be all right if it stood alone, but it should not be for- gotten that the work was increasing at more than ex- press speed. The work ia connection with elementary schools was in a sense far more important, and arlluolis, and much more voluminous than all the work in con- nection with secondary education, and was it not reasonable that if they put all this extra work upon a. man that they, should give him some financial acknow-

ledgm3nt?He (the.speiker),contended that the fact that 1 all Mr. Murray's recommendations since he entered upon the duties had been passed with scarcely any alteration spoke _vol umes for Mr. Murray's experience and ability in dealing with his work. (Hear, hear.) It would be treating Mr. Murray unfairly to give Elm extra work without additional salary, and whilst he had no reason to Suppose that Mr. Murray would look for another appointment they could not expect- him to have the additional responsibility without some acknow- ledgment. Mr. FULTON SMITH supported the Committee's recommendation, and.pointed out that Mr. Muaray had had to undertake a great deal of organization work. In replyity, to various speakers Councillor DODDS Said that Mr. ° Fairclough had said they should pay the market price. He agreed if they also got market value. If they had advertised a salary of .£4OO or £5OO they would have obtained a still better class of applicants. What he now said was let Mr. Murray prove he was equal to market value in twelvemonths. Mr. Murray had not asked for an increase, and there was the fact that had been indicated that he did : understand some time between his being appointed and his commencing his duties that the salary would ultimately be made up to £5OO. Alderman MONKS : I never said so for a moment. Councillor DODDS : I won't go any further; and as to any difference each, must- stand upon what his recollection is. The CHAIRMAN: You are making statements that-- Alderman MONKS: He has made a grave charge against -me. Councillor DODDS : I don't understand it. The CI-lA.IEIMAX : Who did promise it to him? Councillor PIERPOINT : I think it has been denied on both sides; one confirms, the other denies. We don't want to he troubled with the matter. The CHAIRMAN: lam very sorry any personal refer- ence has been made in the matter. COUNCILLOR W. ROBERTS PROTESTS. Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS : I should like to pro- test against these cruel insinuations ; they are wrong in the extreme. Unless a man is prepared to give chapter and verse for his statement he has no right to make it. lam ashamed the Chairman has been placed in such a position and has had to listen to such serious charges after all his long services to the town of Warrington. • Councillor DODDS: I make no charge against the Chairman and Alderman Monks. It is all nonsense. All I said was thatit had been indicated. I cannot give the authority. The CHAIRMAN : Who made the promise. Councillor DODDS : I did not say any promise was made but he understood that the salary was to be in- creased to £5OO. The CHAIRMAN : tam very sorry any personal refer- ence has been made. T have been practically charged to- night with what I call nothing less than intriguing in the interests of Mr. Murray. I denyutterlyand entirely that!ei the r Ler any member of the Museum Committee or Technical Instruction Committee have made any such promise. lam certain that nothing was done but what was in the interests of the education of Warrington so far as I am ,concerned. • Councillor DODDS : I accept .that. • THE CHAIRMAN RESIGNS. The CHAIRMAN: As far as lam concerned I think had better clear out altogether, and I shall be glad if you will take this from me that I wish to resign the position of chairman of.the committee. I had hop ed to be able to serve my town formany years to come; but I have practically made up my mind after what has been said to-night to cease all public life so far as Warring- ton is concerned. ' The voting was then . proceeded with and resulted as follows : For the amendment : Against ; Councillors Rogers: Alderman Monks. Brophy. . Couneillor W. Roberts. Dodds. Mr. A. J. Jolley. Bennett. Rev. E. J. Willcocks. Wilkinson. Rev. M. Stevenson. James Evans. Mr. Fulton Smith, P ierpo int Mr. R. T. Fairclough. Hulse. Mr. Bibby.-8

_Amulet. it would be a most unfortunate thing if the amendment was cArried for the reason that they had a direct con- flict of opinion, or a direct contradiction of statement bet Ween Alderman Monks ttncl'Councillor Dodds as to the terms of Mr. Murray's appointment. It was very

Mr. 'Madden. Air. Walker. Father Wilson. Air. Plinston.-12. The CHAIRMAN did not vote. The amendment was declared to he !carried. MR.. GUEST CARRIES A RESOLUTION. Air. E. J. GUEST said he thought the increase to £4OO immediately was too sudden. At the same time Mr. Murray was a very vlivable officer and his services The Most Nutritious. , E Grateful—Corn. , .._ ,• ~ „ , , • .., • • is., ~. i 4,„.„ (`; 'f.

Breakfast—Supper.

fortixig. IWO'r

===== 0002601_19030522_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Galborna-Street Baptist Church. Plain Speaking on Poverty.

The above Church was crowded in all parts on Sunday evening last, when the Pastor delivered the third of a series of sermons on several questions. After replying to several questions relating to previous sermons, Mr. Donnie° proceeded to discuss the question of poverty, with special reference to the books published by Roam- tree and Booth. No one who lifted his eyes from his own private life would fail to see, said the preacher, that the present age was saturated with the desire for social amelioration. Workmen with grimy hands and women with eager eyes were subordinating all other issures to the social one, so there was no need to apologise - for in- trod*ing that question there and then. When they were confronted with the fact that at least 25 per cent. of the population of England were living inn state of poverty he thought they would agree.thatsome solution was urgently needed. When he said that 25 per cent. of the population of England were living in a state of poverty he meant that 25 persons out of every 100 ware living in a lower state of comfort and nutriment than that provided for our paupers in our workhouses.. Taey must admit that drunkenness, betting, carelessness &c., were important factors in producing poverty yet in the vast majority of cases irregularity and uncertainty of income were partially if not wholly responsible, for as long as a man could not with the utmost tool earn sufficient to keep body and ueul together in comfort, vice and drink would play ravages amongst the people. The result of this condi- tion of affairs resulted in overcrowding and underfeed- ing with their on 'voidable results. Overcrowding re- united in a high death rate especiallyamong the children and the result was that we were as a nation standing on the verge of the calamity waich has befallen France —a stagnant population. Underfeeding resulted in the physical deterioration of the people and a vast amount of miserable and dragging ill-health. If they doubted his statement let them examine the army returns and they would find that. out of 83,0)0 recruits who presented themselves to the reeruiting sergeants 24,000 were rejected as physically unfit although their army requirements were ludicruousl!„- low. In .concluding. Mr. Dunnice made an earnest appeal. for greater national earnestness. To-day we treated our horses in a more humane ratnner that we treated our poor and paid better attention to our criminals that we did to thousands of our honest workingmen. Surely it was not too much to ask that every honest worker should be as warmly clad as healthily housed and as regularly fed as our criminal convict. To bring this about they must send mten o Parliament not to gratify their ambitions bat to save the people and they must elect men on. their town councils not because they had axes of their own to grind but who were distinguished by honourable service.--Next Sunday in the absence of the pastor who is preaching for Dr. Aked, at Liverpool the Rev..lohn Davies will occupy the pulpit. -- ' STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. TAIcE VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. "This me rvellonsly successful remedy surpasses anything in the healing art and has the largest sale in the world.

_ 4.; ......._ _ rate for their years of service ..shall be deferred until The remarkable rapidity with which Veno's Lightning they are in accordance with the scale; that exceptional Cough Cure absolutely cures the worst cases of COUGHS, . CaSt,S shall he considered an.'. dealt with by the com- COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, CATARRH, ,„ mittee at their discretion. and CumpitEN's COUGHS has gained for it scientific recognition throughout the world. ; BETTER PAY FOR TEACHERS. GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, F.C.S., Analyst, 11 and Alderman MONKS in moving the adoption- of the 12, Great Tower-street, London, says in his certificate of minutes, said the minutes were very voluminous, but analysis:—" I am of opinion that Veno's Lightning they would give some indication of the vast amount of Cough Cure will prove a valuable remedy in the cure of work that. had to be glom through before the organiza- coughs colds, asthma, and all bronchial complaints." tion could he got lag a satisfactory condition. The GEO. KNOX, NW., 256, second Avenue, Pittsburg, resolution regarding the cookery classes was the recom- writes ;—" Veno's Lightning Cough Cure excels in mendation of the old Technical Instruction Committee chronic coughs and bronchitis, and is especially good but somehow, although it was approved and sent on to for children." Ask for Veno's LI GIITNING - C OUCH CURE the Council by the Museum Committee, it was not at. Chemists, price Is. lAd. and 2s 9d., or post free from actually put on the agenda. They could not act without he Veuo Drug Co., Hanle, Manchester. I

===== 0002601_19030522_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Moneyback

The way to do business is to, offer the buyer's money back if he wants it—provided, of course, that your goods are sure to suit. Your grocer sells Fels-Naptha in that way.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19030522_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ought to be recognized. He proposed thatthe salary be increased by yearly increments of £25 to a maximum wilt of £5OO. (Hear, hear, and a Voice : "Everyone second that.")

The Rev. J.. YONGE seconded. Mr. TIIOALt.S MAY, in supporting, expressed tl.te Opinion that he was not satisfied with the way tit° financial part of the work was carried on. . EARNEST APPEALS TO THE CHAIRMAN TO IWITHDR.kW THE RESIGNATION. Alderman SMETHURST said he was very glad lift' Guest. had submitted that resolution. It was one. that had been in his mind ever since he had entered thacti room that evening. He hoped that the Chairman voul not carry out his intention of resigning. (Hear, hear.) The CHAIRMAN : I have made up my mind to that. Alderman SMETHURST said they all differed yell much in their ideas as to the best way of conducting t meeting, but he would say it would be a matter of regrei, for a gentleman like Mr. Monks, who had occupiedsuc' aposition in the town, especially after what he had don° for them, to retire at the latter end of his daYs 0,11 account of some little dispute which had arisen. (gel/ hear.) He felt sure Mr. Monks had the confidence 0 the whole of the gentlemen in that chamber. Wear. hear.) They might differ in small matters such aS thT had done that evening, but he hoped Mr. Monks w0..,131 not allow such friendship—the friendship that exisi"C, between him and the public of Warrington to 'Pr severed. It would be acalamity if the Chairman, ivr was one of the oldest and most venerable patriarchs 01 the town, resigned his present position. He hopedil would stick to his work until educational matters been properly floated, whatever difference of opbv° might exist. (Hear, hear.) 4, Councillor ROGE'RS also expressed the hope that Chairman would seriously re-consider his decision. would be a great calamity if Mr. Monks retired after having served the town for so many years. The Rev. JOHN YONGE said he would like to eapresg his sympathy with the remarks of Alderman Smethat If the Chairman carried into effect what he had said if would be a great disappointment to every member the educational authority; to every member of the To Council, and to everyone in the town. (Hear, Writ There were times when Mr. Monks, as well as hinisfa, and other people, did not see eye to eye together. .L:a spoke from knowledge and observation when he silte there was hardly a man to be fomd in the whole of t' borough who was held in such high and universal esteet° as Mr. Monks, and it would be nothing short of 6 calamity and throw a damper on the work of educato if he carried into effect the very serious suggestion 11,,. had made. Personally, he would look upon it as a licit great blow indeed to their progress, and he hoped.t,e, Monks would reconsider the matter and let the wilt pass entirely from his mind. (Hear, hear.) He 111,Ibt be perfectly assured that things had been sa id that ni. „, without the slightest intention of hurting him or an:t body else. They hoped he would still continue among& them as Chairman and they would, give him loyal 3° hearty support. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BENNETT said there was no man in rington for whom he had a higher esteem than Chairman; and heals() agreed with the previous speake,,y; when they said it would bean absolute calamity if decision was carried into effect. His remark three quite a cloud over him the moment the Chairman en, utterance to it, and he hoped he would not resi,gb Undoubtedly things had been said in that room at wilte Mr. Monks might have been hurt and annoyed, but did not think there was any ill-feeling towards hint, es; pecially any reflection on his character. which ever3o°) knew to be unimpeachable and honourable. (Hear,llo°_!;6 Anything that might have seemed personal not w"" [Continual on Page 7]

===== 0002601_19030522_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
- um 4096,, cc!:l,c,°4llllcßrE arNbiGmAnii-, 14,:rf upon scientific 201;t1 CeS;tsl6/ lines from non-corrosive metal. Improves and addLe„ end makes writing a nleasure. Box of IS Post s'"010 stamps. Obtainable only from the BON MARCHE STATIeed, Co., Maidenhead, Berks. Manes, returised if not satif,/ STUPENDOUS vALuociook foal (iota (not, Rolled gold or 01: -• A Itilleci) Lady's 3 Stone Ring 6s. 11,*, Gold-cased Curbed Bracelet Wt., lock,. 2 6d post free.—Woo AGENCY DPT., 17. 34, Pei net street, Manchester

IMADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED , LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACHINER' over 483 Gold & Silver Medals and First Prize Awards.

NRW 50. W,AstIING :%(AefillNF.: The "TRIPLE"). "VOWEL" WASHINUL_WItINOINO, " DIAPHRAGM'. CTII.7RNI. AND MANGLING MACIIINZA. BUTTER WORIERRS. LAUNDRY BYQUISITYS. DAIRY ArrLtiNClss.

•beral Cash Terms.

-Catalogues Post Fro.

THOMAS BRADFORD „001 140-142, High Holborn, London; 130, Bold Street, Live... ,- Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Works. Sslfor_:2„.-

Bucen, for noL Hello! Just what I'm looking for, and what sc'' are wanting to give you is I (1903) High-Grade CYci

—(LADY';-- OR GENT'S) Absolutely Free of Cost. 0. etitlor This is no picture puzzle or guessing con '0 Weel; 4 neither is it a shilling down anda shilling t'wbot life. We are not going to ask you to work,

want 100,000 people to Write to The North of England AgencY Co..

BISHOP AUCKLAND.

, , To., Ipp i! ..)- 4 '-- \ ArL4' , 40/A V %10 ir WO ____/

===== 0002601_19030522_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, • 4mar,....

===== 0002601_19030522_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
.•,piriailf

I.l,Thb rn' -4 relal ' Tti

===== 0002601_19030522_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030522_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION

COMMITTEE,

[Continued from Page 6] In,eant in that sense. He had no right to speak for "411114611er Dodds,but he believed he had not the slightest t of reflecting upon Mr. Monks's character. !Jou- • minor DODDS : Hear, hear. r,,_‘j?uncillor ELLISON said he would be sorry if the 'tn'lnan left the chair. He had had the pleasure of Work' • mg under him on the MuseumCommitt,:o for seven Vetght years, and he had always been everything that Ild be desired. He should be very sorry if Mr. carried out the resolution he had made. Mr PLINSTON said he would support the amendment. exPerience in the past with ref.erence to working- , comulmu been that they could meet in that town and son .et their business without indulging in per- t cantles. He considered :that Mr. Monks's threat to :ball, had been brought about by gentlemen, in their wii`claes talking personally. That was an element he hoped, would be left out of their proceedings niture, and also out of the meetings of the Town tremtneillor PrEnPoiNT observed that there was no one esont who had known Mr. Al oaks longer than he had; ettlilad known him ever since he (the speaker) was a t,140-,e llipper—(laughter)—and no one knew more about • ot ,-kliairman than he did. He knew nothing but good littigiMpand he was generous to a fault. This was a e/1 Misunderstanding—he could only think it was a 113Miderstandinc,—and should not be taken seriously. e 444 cairman and Ininselt had had many hard knocks, did anything take it from him that Councillor Dodds d 116 ,ie3L mean any'hin personally; in fact he was sure 'id not. r, nchior ,„ litaam ROBERTS : Let him say so then. .4,3ifi.ehricillor DODDS : I have said it before. . I had er gentleman in my mind at all. NTollelllor PIERPOINT (continuing) hoped Mr. Roberts not stir up the embers he was trying to allay. cluZa,,lly, he had had some .hard knocks. He went he o Town Hall steps the other day protesting that the l:6-1,44 never enter there again, but there he was, and (}f °w Was likely to remain for the length of his time. of kih'',4ear, and laughter.) It would be a personal act Would e•ss and consideration to him if Mr. Monks he(o stick to the chair. (Hear, hear.) If he did not 116 :4hcillor Piernoirit) would not stick to his seat. th,_etoonld go out with hiai. That would be a loss to (Laughter.) He hoped his good old friend OUii •-i-onks would let the matter 110 W drop, as he had Dodds' assuranc,•e that he did not mean any- Int4Personal. He felt sure he did not mean anything 4. y,st, light, and after what had been said by the Rev: Itid,„",uge and others he hoped Mr. Monks would recon- -15 decision,and dons he (Mr. Vierpoint) haddone might feel angry for a time, but it would boil and Wier down. They would come in that room again hek,r Would be glad to melt the Chairman. (Hear,

4NOTHER AMENDMENT BY COUNCILLOR DODDS. ta. e amendment was then put to the meeting and • tried unanimously. keenacillor DODOS then .submitted his second amend- stattftt asfollows :--41P That the question of the necessary ape- of assistants to the Director of Education be eially referred to a committee composed of four t",tll,bers of the General Committee who are members taß Town Council and three other members of the o:neral Committee to be nominitted by the General thMittee." He remarked that when they appointed tkal Special Sub-committee it was to be composed of Chairmen and Deputy-Chairmen of the five sub- Zannittees—that meant ten. Thera were no deputy- _rmen appointed so that the committee only con- Xt of five. THOMAS 31.1. seconded the amendment on the ''elindhe had previously stated, namely, that lie was not aktis e 4 4.ed with the mode in which the finances were con- 'm ¶l. He thought that in all cases where salaries ithoe,moreased, or new salaries were proposed, that they ,;.ti.(l have a statement of the previous year's cost. tlt'rx derman MoNi:s said this was a serious matter so Nrai4 the work was conuerned. The amendment, if ed, meant a further delay of probably two months. a very serious matter. It would do more than liter:ling else to pur. back the work and spoil the good tea; Which had been made in regard to educatioual Arf,"er.r.,s• (Hear, bear.) L,".• T. FAincLouGff objected to the amendment. had something to do with the clerical work eon- With one sehool. Certainly he had not tackled Ps• (Laughter.) If the matter was deferred it C e tie a great injury to the different schools. '‘n_nricillor PIER PO mr sirid it might be taken that the Dec ,e,ouneil would reject the resolutions of. the 44` uommittee, it would s tve time to accept the He would be in favour of giving the chief 4tead';;ll With an annual increment to his salary, in- Aldi;Lthe proposed salary of £l7O. Mosics said advertisements were now neee-a3 for similar cle.s at t 209 and .£250 a year. FIL;LsE said he was of opinion that the 4r 'llvouid not pass the rolution. 14t1 • JOLLEY said the proposals referring to the , 0 tt4l,,re practically minimum suggestions. He Pr ~`"L'at if the matter was put before the Council :f 'tit, 'l„.et Way it would be dealt with in a proper Pleßt.'4ohad no hesitation in saying that it was the laest; -"and most economical way of 'dealing with the .otk. vote being taken the amendment proposed by it) -4eillor Dodds was lost. The voting was as fol- : e the amendment ncillor Wilkinson

Against it : Alderman Monks Councillor Rogers Mr. A. J. Jolley Rev. E. J. Willcocks Mr. Guest Mr. Fulton-Smith Rev. John Yonge Mr. R. T. Fairclough Father Wilson Councillor Roberts Mr. Bibby.-11 tale Minutes were then passed with the exception of elating to the salary of the director. "-ttE CIIAIRAIA.N BIDS TIIE MENI3EIIS k The r FAREWELL. `-'IIA.IRmAN then said :—With reference to what !letbjck gaid I shall adhere to my resolution. I have Atae'l ignorant of the fact of what has been going on ?er4,,,Negton for some time. and as far as lan con- have made up my mind that I shall .not sub- \e V'self to any su.dt insinuatioa es those will& itlYvfoQZl eusde to-night and in the Press. I have done in Warrington as far as a public man can do it, 737%; Ive tried to do it faithfully and honourably. I toltrimiteretirino, that I have neverbeen a party to any h..m°llo-o,ltg lit the whole course of my life. Whatever come to me has come unsolicited. I have tkpou",,a the whole courso of my life, aske4 for a Illishr„train anyone, or for any appointment, and I the consciousness that I have done my l fot,,ae town. And - with that I may simply thank .46 confidence which you bestowed in electing chairman. Ibk you all farewell. I shall not e: again. tide e44l,cillor DODDS : ought to be allowed to sa_y that ZO4-,jlrclan was not in my mind at all when I men- vell-,Lqat I had been told than an intimatiokhad been the directorof education thathis salary 'should tZiere-„-"ced to £lOO or .£ SOO, nor his son, so thst my Z. 1111" Cannot have affected Mr. Monks at all. I 'rith "ga resolution was made probably in connection Th:cks_te ething else '4IAIRMAN : -meting then terminated

„ Pisrpoint n Dodds n Hulse

kr .„3, Bennett str: -,„radden Atr.-D!. cillor.Brophv

I have nothing more to say,gantle-

Pipe . In Bridge-strzet. e,oti-i„„,ll,:re occurred oa the premises of Mis 3 Ashurst, 40ewoner, Bridge-street, on Sunday evening but Nta4nllaa tely it was extinguished before much damage 11'01:Zn,e• On hearing of the outbreak two men au(, lenstables Hayes and Phillips went into the -uleeense, where the.ceiliagwas found to be on fire Iltatp re Was extinguished with the aid of buckets of a ID% It pears that a kettle had eft on :tlieT 'gas jet, and, after boiling caused the pipe to melt, and set fire to the —Ling Contest: Tvarti„vite the unfavourable weather a number of tOfl voting men indulged in a walking contest r„,vti• M' Y, Chester being the destination. There 'lleest:-"ne competitors and Mr. S. Snutch arrived at e, „-"'r about half an hour in advance of the. rest of liourvBallY, who completed the journey in about five • All returned home by train. qqle 11 Markets. ut4tin " London Gazette" on Tuesday nigil,t con- 4tayel all order of the BoArd of Agriculture, dated beee Bth ,which revokes the order of the Board dated telCuer 20th, 1900, which then Prohibited the °f markets of cattle, sheep, or swine in the " e and CI 'll •sa in the borough of at*, ''gton. 4kAngillar Trap Accident. 4,tioident which might hay- been attended with L'aSt afic,ee'lsequences oceUred at hree o'clock on Tues- nne,.`tn°on. A trap belonging to Mr. Forster, 'lttay 15urtonwood, was being • driven! over Bank 1.1110 w—aritige by a man named John William Fairclough wh-s,accempanied lw two friends, when one of fLee's came off, and the occupants- of the vehicle 'atik "'tc)wn. to the (-monad. The horse bolted along ,ailwaa's shop 4.101.0eY street, and a collision frith an omnibus "4 utittowlY averted. On reaching ,Messrs J. and W. the vehicle come into contact with a otZplurry,"and the trap was practicilly wrecked, 1-1' Wheel coming off. The horse which was Y cut ese about the legs, was then brought to a still: h,,, The occupants of the trap were fortunate uninjured.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
hat tbcl. t,c ed after

expref Lethers.' said nber of he 1:041 hear') 'hinasejC her. ..11a3.: lie de of the °steel° rt of 6 ducatio° +stion verl is a fr. oped I‘:it the icl`; [e /3:00 nnv- or aniong'a oyel Al/

in WAr han th" speal>oi y if 1115 :k threl an evi" res'grii; t whic a up but P, ; him, 65 aver) not

===== 0002601_19030522_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
,--''

strati OW 8-1' relY u ti- endeai trct on-land'

,---

itratoi lag ever, 1781315 101.11).

Ye CI DreWl/. "idneY,i, ' q 0,- ; ' I. ' ~,,,D p. aleAt""

===== 0002601_19030522_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
el

===== 0002601_19030522_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
St.

. gA5' 3 fth or! Cerjtaie acia,,,:ee. Post 4PIO I_ll6Vl'' ALU 644 0 ora,ol, .et AIP NOoDO

;MP E F res. iverrcol'

Ke hill?e

:cycle

wetie); 011104 3 ehtit 11 )rict " Ar co'' P,

===== 0002601_19030522_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SHOP ASSISTANTS.

The Operations of the Local Branch of the

tlational Union.

Business and entertainment were agreeably combined on Thursday last week,when a represeatative assembly of members of the local branch oT the National Amalgamated Union of Shop Assistants, Warehousemen and Clerks, met at the " Hop Pole " Inn, Horsemarket- street. The proceedings took the form of a smoking concert, but opportunity was taken of dealing with various matters of importance to the branch. Mr. Heaps, chairman of the branch, presided, and the attendance included the energetic secretary (Mr. E. Whittaker.) At the outset The CHAIRMAN said it was very encouraging to know that since the visit of Mr. Pearce, the official organiser last month, no fewer than twenty new members had been enrolled. This spoke much for the energy of the Warrington branch. It had been thought desirable to • present a petition to the boot dealers and clothiers ' with the object of introducing them to close at 7. 30 and thus come into-line with other businesses in the town. They commenced to canvass the boot dealers on Monday night and with two exceptions they were all agreeable to closing their shops at the thin desired, to commence on the first Monday after Walking Day. Up to the present, they had not can- vassed any of the clothiers but he did not suppose they would experience any-difficulty with them. The Chair- man alluded to the Wire Weavers' dispute and said the secretary thought it advisable to remind the members that the workmen were still out on strike. At the last meeting but one of the branch it was decided to levy a penny per month on each member, to assist the wire weavers but only three shillings had been received. That did not say much for the generosity of the meal- . bars. The Shop Assistants' 'Union was allied with all the other Trade Unions and if they had any dispute in any branch of their trade and appealed to any of the Unions he had no doubt there would be a liberal response. He thought the least they could do was to . contribute a penny per month on behalf of the wire weavers. He had received acircular from the Secretary to the Trades and Labour Council setting forth the cir- cumstances of the dispute and stating that collecting sheets had been issued. An enjoyable musical programme was then commenced, songs being rendered in capital style by Messrs. J. Owen Birkhead, Sawyer, and Pickersgill: Mr. Birkhead sup- plied the pianoforte accompaniments. During an interval, the Chairman delivered a short speech and reminded, the members that they must be alive to their own interests as a class. He referred to the Shops Bill drawn up by the Union and introduced by Sir Charles W. Dilke and also to Lord Avebury' Bill. Tao latter Bill Aid not contain ono definate clause,and if it were passedthe shop assiejantewould be in a worse position than they now occupied. He urged them to take an interest in public affairs and pointed out that they could be a strong force in municipal and parliamentary elections if they would exert themselves to obtain a vote and then return the men who would Serve them faithfully. The vote Was the one machine whereby they could obtain the rights they were asking for, and if they sent the right men to the Town Council and the Shops Bill became law they would see that no byelaws were framed which would be detrimental to the shop assistants. If they returned Labour members to Parliament they would support any 111Mstlres which might be introduced in favour of shop assistants. (Applause.) Mr. E. WitiTTAKER said that if Lord Avebury'sllill became law the shop assistants would be as far behind as they were fifty years ago. At the meeting of the Trades Council on Tuesday a resolution was passed in favour of Sir Charles Dilke's Bill and coudemiling Lord Avebury's measure. He proposed "That this branch welcomes the introduction of the Shops Bill in the House of Commons by Sir Charles W, Mike, as a reasonable and practical measure for the protection of the shop workers of the country. Tt also pledges itself to further the progress of the Bill by every means that lies in its power." The Bill was supported by two thousand Warrington trade 'Unionists and would be supported .by all the trade Unionists in the country. There would be very little opposition because those who opposed the measure ware the noti-united, and numbered very few. Mr. Haves seconded and the motion was carried. Mr. TURLEY then proposed " That this meeting con- demns the unreisenable long hours worked in shops, whereby the social and moral well- being of the assis- tants is seriously affected, and their physical and intel- lectual development retarded." I Mr. Owxxseconded and the motion was agreed. to. Mr. SX \i'VElt made a statement in regard to the pro- posal to forma cricket club and expressed the opinion thata (rood team could be picked from among the mem- bers. 'About thirty were willing to join bat they had not yet been able to obtain a ground. Ithad been sug- gested that a field could be rented from another club. Mr. BIEUCHEAD said the good attendance of members at recent practice matches showed that much interest was taken in the game and he thought a club could be run successfully.

The committee which has the matter in hand was in- structed to make further inquiries as to the cost, probable subscriptions Mr. A. OwEN also reported what stvs had been taken to form a bowling club, and the secretary suggested that a joint cricket and bowling club should be established

There NTIS considerable discussion with regard to the amount of the subscription, and it Wa.B eventuttllv a c.:Troed that the two committAns should meet and docide which. would be the best course to adopt. ' _ _ _ . _

Another snug ws rendered by Mr. A. Owen and Mr. D. J. Owen .gav, a laughable stump speech.- A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded a pleasant gathering.

COMMERCIAL FAT ExitEs.—Accordina to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Proceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending May Itith, was 77. The number in the cor- responding week of last year was 92, showing a decrease of 13, being a net decrease in 1993, to date, of 34. The War o.llce is making arrangaments with Birming- ham Water Committee for the use of the Llan Valley for the purpose of a lone range for the field guns. The proposed range is four miles long, with a danger zone .of 24 square miles.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Princess Alice of Battenburg, who is to marry Prince Andrew of Greece, is one of the prettiest of the Princes ies in the Royal Circle. She is the daughter of Prince Louis of Battenburg. and a granddaughter of the, late Princess of Hesse. Prince Louis occupies a dis- tinguished position in the Royal Navy, and is the elder !brother of the late Prince Henry of Battenberg, so !Princess Alice, who was born at Windsor in 1885, is first cousin to the children of Princess Beatrice. Prince Andrew of Greece, who has been staying over I here, is the fourth son of the King and Queen of Greece. He was born in Athens in 1882 and is of course a nephew of Queen Alexandra. Miss Dorothy Levett, who drove her car in the long distance non-stop trial from Glasgow to London, is so pleased with her performance that she is quite ready to .do the journey over again. She has bean giving an account of her experiences on the road, from which it would appear that Miss Lovett has all the enthusiasm , which so many woman display over the motor car. She . finished thirteenth in the competition, butes an average of 18 miles an hour had to be maintained, the travelling must at times have been anything but legal and sedate. Miss Levett adm:t3 that at times • she travelled forty miles an hour, and though this sounds simple and easy, when one has a car that %ill 'go at even greater speed, yet it needs some nerve and courage to drive at such a rate. At two or three places the kindly disposed stranger warned Miss Levett that the police were on the look-out aherti, when of course, the speed was regu- lated accordingly. Not so long ago, a woman driving a motor car would have attracted as much notice as a woman 'bus driver, but though Miss Levett is the first lady to drive her own car in a 40) mile c-nupetWon, it is becoming a common thing now, to see a woman in charge of a motor. The 'mechanical vehicle does not compare favourably with the ordinary carriage for a display of womanly grace and charms, but the notion that fashion- able women would never take to the motor car for this reason, has proved quite erroneous. On the other hand the motor car has proved more effectual than any other influence in inducing women to dress With studied plainness. It is quite impossible to wear fine clothes for motoring, and therefore superfluous ornament has to be abandoned, but it is not often that appearances have to give way to convenience, in matters of women's dress.

The new motoring hat, which hails from Paris is a distinct improvement upon mech of the headgear fashioned for thisparticular pursuit, but even this latest device leaves something to be desired. In shape it is Napoleonic, and the satin straw of which it is built, is of the softest, and most pliable possible. The curtain of straw which completely covers the hair, ties under the chin by means of soft ribbon strings, and when not motoring it is possible to turn this curtain which is lined to match the strings, up over the crown, when the effect is that of a smart walking, or cycling hat. The new belts of plaited straw are!likely to be widely patronised this siumner,as they areso much less weighty and heating than the leather, suede, or metal varieties. At pre ;et these straw belts can only be had in com- parativery few tints, but doubtless it will soon be an easy matter to match almost any shade of colour. As regards shape, they arestraight all round, and about two inches in width. Almost all the latest leather belts are perforated, and .we should be careful to purchase these only. It is most necessary that ventilation should be provided for, in the matter of heather belts. Buttons form an important item in the fashionable toilette, and these range in size from the smallest pos- sible to the huge specimens - seen on long travelling or motoring coats. Dozens upon dozens of tiny velvet botton.s appear on some of the smartest cloth gowns velvet applique—matching in tone- that of the buttons exactly—finding a place about the bolero or shoulder capes. For lace dresses, lace buttons may be had, linen buttons for linen gowns, also *se covered with the modish tussore, for which there is such a considerable, rage just now. The cut steel button is out-of-date somewhat, but the ivory specimen is still in evidence also that of shining gold. Those among us in search of presents for our men folk can scarcely do Letter than fix upon the walking sticks which are now to be hid, fitted with some new and useful device. It is possible to obtain one with a curved handle, which conceals a pipe; another, a crook shape, which harbours a match box, and yet other handles which hold cigarettes,pencil cases, dog whistles, etc. Then there are the tiny electric lamps which fit into any little nook or corner of a travelling bag,or can even be slipped into one of the numerous masculine pockets. The silver pocket flask with monogram or crest inscribed thereon,is another vary desirable gift, and a fairly inexpensive one too. The Countess of Warwick only recently completed her book on" Warwick Castle and its Earls," upon which she has been engaged for several years pact. It will be published immediately by Messrs. Hutchinson, and will be without doubt the book of Ake season. As Lady Warwick observes, "the history tall the Castle is coincident with that of England" and its historic associations are interwoven with so many romantic stories that we may be sure it will he a veryfascinating volume that we shall have from the pen of this gifted authoress.

Madame Caine, to whom an overdose of accnite so nearly proved fatal, received many marks of favor from Queen Victoria and there is a bust of herself at Windsor Castle carved by the. Countess Glerchen. She has been often in this country and sung before distinguished audiences, but she does not like our climate, and the air she shys "is helvy as lead upon the chest of a French- woman. Madame Calne is a native of Southern France and this no doubt partly accounts for her dislike of our northern clin-ate. Like Sarah Bernhardt, rid some other great artistes she is not without morbid idiosyncrasies and one of these is, to have her grave and tombstone in readiness. She had the narrowest escape from com- pleting these preparations, for instead of taking a few drops of Cucture of aconite on sugar for a cold she swallowed a spoonful of it, and was for some hours hovering between life and death. The South African Expansion Society, which has been instrumental in sending out a, large number of women to the sub-Continent, has adopted the more appropriate name of the South African Colonisation Society. Since the Society began operations last year, it has sent out nearly 1300 women, for all iof whom a safe and certa ia home was found. The applicants hav:,‘. numb:wed between six and seven thousand, but thoss with suitable qualiticationa, and the highest character have been accepted, and the failures have been less than 3 per cent. Some few people have criticised the purpose and methods of the Society, but on the whole. it seems to be doing a meritorious work, in a thoroughly satis- factory manner.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Sports at Wilderspeol.

On Saturday afternoon the first annual sports in connection with Crosficld's Athletic Club (which are confined to the emploves of the firm in Warringtou and Liverpool) were held on the ground of the War- rington Football Club. Rain greatly militated against the success of the gathering. The results were as follows :----100 Yards.-1, T. Minshull, 10 ; 2, H. Shakeshaft, 10; 3, 0. Libbitter, S ; 150 Yards (boys under 15).----1, S. Parker, 16 ; 2, J. Cartwright, 10 ; 3, W. Flood, 20 ; 50 Yards Return Boot Race.- 1, W. Smith, 2,5. B. Wilde; 300 Yards Obstacle.-1 J. Dickenson, 15 ; ,2, H. Hough, 15 ; 3,•G. Wilcock' 20 ; Mile Bicycle.--1. W. Spensley,- 80; 2' J. P. llignett, 150; 3, F. Bruhl, owes 40 ' 60 Yards Egg and Spoon Race (girls)-1, E.; Wright ; 2, A. Kinsey ; 80 Yards (uniform).-1, W. Ray, 4; 2, P. Gleave, 6,3, J. Barker, scratch ; 209 Yards (Youths under 17).-1, H. Shakeshaft, 18; 2. L. O'Brien, 10 ; 3, P. Moran, 18 ; Tug of War.--1, Yard, Department ; 2, Shippity, De- partment, No. 2 ; 440 Yards.-1, A. Bca;dman, _5; 2, J. A. Watsqn, 15 ; 3, M. T. Moran; 25; 100 Yards Skipping Race (girls under 17).-1, I^-M' Whittaker ; 2, E. Wright: 3, F. Kendrick ; 80 yards (men over 36 years).-1., W. Povey, 8 ; 2, P. Gleaie, 6 ; :3, T. Gleave, ; 40 Yards (girls).-1, H. L. Hill ; 2, A. Kinsev ; 3, A. Johnson ; 70 Yards (men over 45).-I,T. :Gray, 9 ; 2, T. Crozier, 7 ; 3, R. Nolland. 3 ; Mile.-1, C. Dagnall, 60 ; 3, J. Druid, 65 ; 3„T. J. Ormesbv,, 140.—At the close of the sports Mrs. J. J. Crosfiela prwented the prizes to the successful coin petitors.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PILES AND INDIGESTION CURED.

Do not neglect PILES. Fistula may follow. KBUTY'S CURB is the opiv safe and eff‘etual timely for inward, out- ward, and bleeding Plies or Fistuta. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causee th•m to ditappear like magic. It is a positve cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indies. 'ion. One bottle will convince you, price Is. 14d. boldhy BOOTS and all Chemists.

Post paid from KEUTY AND CO., HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 22, 1903. (F ASH lONS OF TO-DAY. STOCKTON HEATH PAROCHIAL aa.A2iolVr",

The short skirt which clears the ground all round, and therefore is much more convenient for street wear than a long, trailing garment, has evidently come to stay; and this is a fact hardly to be wondered when one con- siders the discomfort attendant on the former style which in fine weather acted as a sort of street-sweeper, and in wet weather not only absorbed all the attention of the Wearer •as she fruitlessly attempted to pre- serve it from contact with the muddy streets, but .proved a source of annoyance to the beholders by the exhibition of mud-spattered folds of cloth, which no efforts could save from defilement. The followers of fashion are wonderfully patient with the ,whims of Madame La Mode, but there are times when common sense asserts itself, and exaggera- tions or absurdities are thrown aside • and comfort reigns temporarily over modish- ness. I do not, however, for a moment mean to suggest that the graceful sw.vaag garments which gratify our artistic senti-

inents, and are so .pleasing therefore to behold, are no .longer to be seen in the realms of fashion. Far from that I The delicate, fragile, yet soft materials which are so beauti- ful in themselves as to excite "general admira- tion, which this season has produced, are not adapted to anything but picturesque and flowing lines and draperies, and therefore the more dressy toilettes for • afternoon or indoor wear will all be of the elaborate and trailing order.

- - The smart toilette sketched is of mouse- brown canvas, with both the short sac bolero and the skirt cut rather short. Both skirt and coat are plissé, which gives the effect of long lines of perpendicular; pleats from shoulder to feet, and in this wise prevents the shortening effect which the short skirt is apt *to produce. The. little • bolero is ren7 dered more dressy-looking by a .deep collar of fine muslin edged and appliquéd with lace. The costume is lined with mauve silk through- out, and the neat fitting deep band is of silk of the same colour. Tiny little gold buttons apparently hold the lace and, muslin collar to the bolero. The toilette. is an exceedingly stylish summer costume and wbuld look very well finished by a ,burnt straw hat trimmed with lilac flowers and leaves.

Very many of the newest coats show a fancy collar of either silk trimmed with lace or entirely of lace. There are very many styles of lace to be bought at very reasonable prices, from the wonderful imitations Of the best patterns of real lace to the coarser makes, and a plain costume can be made to look smart by the addition of a dainty _lace collar. A little lace eth:ing •at the sleeves and a chou of .soft yet 1-right silk of any of the fashionable shades arranged in front where the points of the collar meet will work wonders with a dull-coloured costume.

Some of the newest collars have long stole ends, which add to their attractiveness. The pretty lace collar might 'almost more fitly be 'called a cape as it comes nearly to the line of the waist The lace used has a deli- cate floral pattern worked on the fine net which forms the background, and it makes a dainty finish to the silk blouse worn under- neath. It can be worn for indoors or street wear throughout the entire summer, and some of the smartest French gowns owe their success to a collar of this description. There are some very charming little • brilliant brooches shaped like a button, which show to. advantage when used to fasten down the front of a lace collar or a dressy blouse. These can be had in sets, and their sphere of usefulness -is unbounded, for they are so easily and quickly transferred from one piece of dress tn enott

A SUMMER HAT.

One longs instinctively for the quick ap- proach of summer skies and sunshine in order to appear, gowned in the fascinating materials with which the shops are full. illuslins of every description, cur old friend and ally grass lawn, and coarse linens are the pre- dominating fashionable fancies, together with everything that is coarse-garined and. open- meshed. Some of these are worked with raised spots or sprigs for everything that is embroidered, and nothing that is plain is the rule in the world of dress.

The straw hat illustrated is designed for summer wear, and it is of an exceedingly pretty and smart style copied from a French model. The crov..n is of pink roses • closeiy massed together, and veiled with some fine light brown . tulle. The straw is of a burnt tone of colour, and a deep brown velvet bow rests on the hair at the back. The hat is tilted slightly over the face in front, and would therefore prove becoming to a piquant style of good looks. Another hat of the same straw had the crOwn trimmed by. cross- wise folds of pale sea-green silk, which came to a point at either side where a cluster of dark red cherries of a most natural-looking description rested. • The bow at the back was of black velvet,

COQUETTEJ

9/..3,-:-Ailb.3is. . , ' •. J Atio " • it 0 l' • 7.ll‘`` \\ // , A it,.jil.' 1 II illll , 'l'i; .14f1,1 ' //iiiii,i,/ ~,:.„.\ \\ • to; iiii : i 1\ \

A SMART TOILETTE.

_ •c• .N • ~.. . ..?-'.6 \ --: 7 . 7-: A--.• .\:. . A A 1,1.- p ) v . A .. i•• . igs • .:_./A.,.., p.:)..-z;pcet k6,,,,,,A5).4. ~ •, ":7,,1..... *. ~ =.) •,;', IT: It -l' ,6 -P, el6l -)q'''''.7:).\\*'—;:rtsc'''''', ~..,\ . \•,,, --- 41 ' ,i JO . I 7 lilt 77 I ii!,- . i,.t. 11' L

A PRI:TTY LACE COLLAR.

:tor. ~,,,--,-.:—.4.'.--.7.----,,.. -.„:„.;-- * ---7!: ._ .......5.- --.,..-,,,-„_ rR V ‘.4) 24 -y -- - 4 b ;\ \ /Mi\ . • • t,it 4) \\-lt,--) : \lll 4... tk„..2),_„,",,„,,,.. ~,____„,____<„,......;,- • ..,_______,_, ‘..„,....-14 • ----r„ ...:4„.......,... - v... 7 ( :if 07? 7-!. :-- _-_ . •

===== 0002601_19030522_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMITTEE.

The Reprzs3nt3tio3 on the Distpict Council.

A meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Com- mittee was held on Thursday last week in the National Schools. Mr. Pilling presided and there were also present Messrs Fairhurst, Whitley, Clarke, Pearson, Mclntyre, Farrington (inspector), Swinton (surveyor), and Ashton (clerk).

===== 0002601_19030522_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NIGHTSOIL CONTRACT.

I The Clerk reported that in accordance with instruc tions he had received at the last meeting of the com- mittee he had Written to Mr. Lunt in respect to his quarterly account, stating that the committee had de- cided to withhold the payment of the account until the work was done more satisfactorily. To this Mr. Lunt replied stating that unless an immediate payment was made he would discontinue the wort:. He (Mr. Ashton) replied to Mr. Lunt's letter advising him not to take such a step and pointing out that if he did so the committee would have. to get the work done by some- one else and would charge him with the expense. Mr. Lunt replied and pointed out that the work had been done by him for the last four months without a single Ipayment having been made and that he had expended on the work considerably more than the amount of his last quarter's account. In concluding his letter he again stated that unless an immediate payment was made he I would discontinue the work.

Mr. Farrington said he was able to report most favourably in regard to the manner in which the work was at present being done by Mr. Lunt and recom- mended that the account be passed for payment that night. He was satisfied with the way in which the work was then being done. On the motiOn of Mr. Clarke, seconded by Mr. Whitley, it was decided to pass the account for payment.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE -REPRESENTATION OF THE DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Mr. Whitley, in accordance with notice of motion given at the previous meeting of the Committee, moved in the matter of the representation of Stockton Heath onthe Runcorn Rural District Council. In doing so he said he claimed that on account of the rapid growth of the district they in Stockton Heath were entitled to two representatives on the District Council. Applica- tionhad already been made for additional Parish Coun- cillors, and he thought the time had come when the district should be divided into two wards with a district councillor to represent each ward. He pointed out how otherparishes in the disirictwhich were less than Stock- ton Heath had a better representation on the District Council, and in conclusion moved "That this Parochial Committee asks the District Council to approach the County Council by order to fix or alter the number of district councillors from one to two for the Parish of Stockton Heath, and also that the said parish be divided into two wards, namely, the north east ward and the south west ward, London-road, to be the dividing line, and that the Councillors represent one ward each on the District Council.

Mr. Piling said the resolution was somewhat out of order because of the latter portion relating to the division of the parish into wards. Mr. Whitleywithdrew that portion of his resolution, which was then seconded by Mr. Pearson. The Clerk pointed out that Stockton Heath was the largest parish in the district. It was undoubtedly in sufficiently represented on the District Council, there being only one representative to a population of 3,500 Mr. Clarke said he had no objection to Mr. Whit- ley's proposal, and there was no doubt that they were under represented on the District Council. He was in- clined to think, however, that they would find it rather difficult to find a gentleman who could afford the time to attend the District Council meetings. He would suggest that if possible the township of Stockton Heath and Latchford Without be joined together with a joint representation of two.

Mr. Pearson pointed out that they would derive no benefit from such a step,as there were already too repre- sentatives for the two parishes. Mr. Whitley's motion was unanimously carried. PROPOSED URBAN AUTHORITY. QUESTIONS ASKED IW MR CLARKE.

Mr. Clarke proposed that the Rural District Council be asked to supply the committee, through their clerk with the following information: (1) in the event of an Urban Council being granted to the district of Stockton Heath what proportion of the rates now col- lected by the overseers from the district would be allocated to such authority? (2) What rates would the district still have to pay to the Runcorn Rural District Council, and for what purpose? (3) What has been the cost of maintaining the highways in Stockton Heath excepting the County Council roads during the last five years? (4). Would the money paid by the Manchester Ship Canal Company for the maintenance of that portion of Fairfield-road in Stockton Heath be handed over to the said Urban Authority. and if so what would be the amount paid? He desired, in moving the question he asked, to impress upon the com-nittee the fact that he was not at the pre- sent time advocating the formation of an urban author- ityin Stockton Heath. He did not feel that the time was ripe for such a step to be taken, but he certainly thought it was advisable and only right and proper for the general knowledge of the people in the parish that they should be in possession of the information which he asked.

It was decided that the Clerk should ask the questions as moved by Mr. Clarke.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Bricklayers and Walking Time.

The dispute as to walking time which. arose some weeks ago at St. Helens, was referred to arbitration, and it was agreed that Judge Shand, of the Liverpool and St. Helens County Courts should be the arbitrator The Bricklayers' Society claimed that they were entitled to walking time if the job at which they were employed MS more than half a mile from their employer's yard, or place of business. Judge- Shand said he understood his duty wflt to construe the rules as they stood, and his award is as follows :—(1), The wefrd " country " in rule 6 of the working rules means the district lying outside and beyond the boundaries of thnborough of St. Helens. (2), The operatives are not entitled to walking time within the borough of St. Helens from St. Helens employers assessed by the Corporation of St. Helens. (3), A. workman is not entitled to walking time if he voluntarily applies for work on a job." The award altogether upsets the practice for years past observed in regard to walking time, and the Bricklayers' Society will doubtless give immediate notice for a revision or re-ennstruction of the whole of the rules under which they work.

Movements in the Civil Service. It has just been officially notified at the Inland Revenue headquarters. Somerset House, that in the excise department Mr. C. 'Wray, assistant, Derby, has been promoted to be clerk, Lancaster; Mr. L. E. Wilding assistant, Shrewsbury,has been transferred to Warrington ; and Mr. T. E. Ball,second class collector Oldham, has been transferred to Leicester. In the Post Office service the following have been appointed learners :—Mr. E. Gleason,Warrington ; Mr. H. Carey Burnley ; Messrs H. Maxendale and W. L. Wilson, Bolton ; and Mr. E. G. Walsh, Accrington. Miss P. 0. Day, Manchester, and Miss A. L. Haigh, Oldham, have been appointed telephone operators.

CLARKE'S P 41 PILLS are warranted to core, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor. through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company Lincoln.—

FLORILINE t--TOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.— 'Choroughy cleanses the teeth frorr all parasites or impurities. harden the gums, prev‘nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?.s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. pet jar for the Floe "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Adtt _

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE dAIR.—II your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we las promoting the growth. Price as 6d per bottle.— d st• To 1110Tafgaii.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing" Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 2hildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the roorsufterer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oolet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain ani the linos cherub awakes "as b.•ight as a button." Of all Chemists la Ifd per bottle. .Advt.

PRINCt

and

LOCAL AGENTS : Mersey Cycle Co., 79, Bridge Street, Warrington. J and S. Churchill and Co, Cross Laqe, Earlestowri. J. S. McLeanland:Co., 51, Duke St., St.lHelens. Rudge-Whitworth Ltd.. 41., Deansgate, Marichester. Rudge-'Nhitworth Ltd., 101, Bold St., Liverpool.

Light bicycles mean less labour WHIT WORTHS are the lightest and strongest. Art Catalogue, post free, from Rudge-Whitworth, Ltd., Coventry.

RUDGE-

P •pPOINT - 4 fr •=. -- ~, , v V - 01

===== 0002601_19030522_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold by all Grocers and Corn Merchants.

yo, 15 lik, UNS for id' g You can make 15 large, light, delicious and whole- ,- y some Buns iroin a id. packet of Eiffel Tower 'Cri. ; :.,/,'," • ~. Bun Flour at a total cost of 31(.1. It is so easy • ,/ "to use that a child can make delicious Lemon, 4 Vanilla or Almond Buns with certain success. .. . -,- .., Eiffel Tower , . 4 ,Y` ' • -,,. " ,r-- 01./.'4•• ,0, "...` , s-,'• • ....41,!,q-:-,::•'•;::•;t', - -1- .-•-• ,•7'• .70' . ; ''',..v, • i...-' '-.,-. I. •:,'' "‘'.,: c-,:',' ;-,...,?:•,!:•, , " , J 'uoel" EiFFEL TOWER LEMONADE The Best Summer Beverage. ' 2 Gallon. for 44d.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

NATITH a prudent Use, has saved many a life, and yei. Are think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for. Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_19030522_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLAA3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS/ as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answei their pumoses so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
• i•• 9 . C LE - ANTIBILIO! PILLS.

OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. f". or BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE'

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM! t

Your truly, JA.NIBS BROWES.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

FREE 1-30 M MERCURY.

130. Holmley-terrace, Drontleld, Nr. Sheffield. October 23rd, 1932.

Dear Sir,—l am sending you my testimonial for your Pills I think they 're the finest things in the world, and have received great ber.efit from taking them. I have also recom- mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary. and will recommend them whenever I can. I have tried aeveral others, bat have not found any to equal. yours.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are pufectly safe in their action. elirnin%ts all injuriu matter, and are highly restorativl. Sold everywhere in Bottles. Is. 111. and 21. 93.. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GROFtetli BA.DIC, 232, Goswell•roai. London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
- •C . : ' V:.?" i 1 .71. • ' • PP.. ~ , . , . . ~..,,,,,,. -:- . _ , ~ ... ~,.. , • ..1 • , e IL , . , 4 •,.• -, , v. ‘•- . • . ..

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

t3leak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disvdered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. id. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. sold everywhere.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

finglish and Foreign Picture Frames. livery requisite for the trsde. ittgitilig a Sptality. Lirgast ROA o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Bend for PATIKRI BCOK. New Edition, ttlatol4tlly ravisci sat na14r,04 to 15.) piges. JUST PUBLISHND. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importtr f Glass. Glass&ock lists frec on application. H. MOROI, 17 arid 13, GREAT ST. ANDREN STREET, BLOOVISSIJIY, LgN33N, W.G.

Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—" Rabbitry, London."

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), Londoir

===== 0002601_19030522_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
IiEMMW

Cad Grade only—THE BEST. PRE.;,..,:-,IER £1,2,,,01,23. £1 Is. BICYCLES Llat Free, P.R. Dept. PREMIER WORKS, Ciwercbiretry. London Depot, 20, Holborn Viaduct, E.C.

. . - t • . .. . , .•,.....,,_.....„,...,..;•,, ~..„.,....., ~,: °WILE' .- : Ti. ....: ~. .-..., -,IIMIA • • ' .1" .4, ,-- v -•-....., __ , ,p-• _, ',.--jrits-,-; TO BE HAD OF ALL CHEM/571/M BOXES .07. 2/9, OR 4/6;OR SEAT AN7WHERE av RECEIPT OF ISJI OR 55 .4. : STAMPS Br EITOWLE er C.l 56.10 NC ROW 11077/116/IAN. 0....,,,,,e.1,--4, r, M......,, ..V.1,..... ..-

===== 0002601_19030522_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
= t I. i ~., = r. , • AI . 1 1 ~# I ti lt,l , , , I , i; i C "'

===== 0002601_19030522_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19030522_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
8

wARRINGIoN, ONE DAY ONLY, MAY MONDAY GROUNDS : WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY.

0

===== 0002601_19030522_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
VAL

B

===== 0002601_19030522_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
AND CONGRESS GF EOM HESS OF TRE

Headed and Personally Introduced by

Col. W. F. Cody,

"Buffalo W."

Now louring the Provinces on its own Special Trains Visiting the Princip Cities and Greater Railway Centres only. FOUR SPECIAL TRAINS. 800 PEOPLE. 500 HORSES.; A Proudly Pre-eminent Exhibition of Universal Interest. THE ONE GRAND RULER OF THE AMUSEMENT REALM-i

===== 0002601_19030522_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Standing like an obelisk above and beyond all others 7-4IIIIISTOr OBJECT I.MSSONS Taken from the pages of realism, and illustrated by the very men who have assisted in making the fame of the MOUNTED WARRIORS OF THE WORLD. A Gathering of extraordinary consequence to fittingly depict all that Virile, Muscular, Heroic Manhood has and can endure. The Veteran Cavalry of many Flags in Military Evolutions and Exercises. Royal English Lancers, Bedouin Arabs, South American Gauchos, United States Cavalry, Cuban Patriots. Russian Cossacks, Roosevelt Rough Riders, American Artillery, Mexican Ruralies, Realistic Military Spectacle: The Battle of San Juan Hill. Typical Cow-Boys of the Western Plains, Wild West Girls, Scouts, and Crackshots.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
New and interesting arrangement of the weli-knowD WILD Wrorr IricruEßTs. Introducing the Pioneers of the Plains, Who tell the story of prcgress in the Great Drama of Civilization by PICTURES OF BORDER LIFE. TY', The Stage Coach" Bold-Up, ' Cow-Boy.'" boutd-Up." hiding Wild Bucking Bronchos, Indian In ar Dances. Attack on the hmigrant I. quertsian Feats and Skill. Warlike rageaLta and Military Exerches. 10) ' NORTH AMERICAN INDIANS from the Sioux, Brute. Ogellalla, Aranahoe, Yankton. Cheyenne, and Unc2pappa 2z6 Tribes, Genuine" blanket lied Men," Chiefs, Warriors, Bucks, Medicine Men, Squaws and Papooses. TWICE/DAILY, RAIN.OR:SHINE.I The Vast Areha Illuminated at Night by Twe'Special:Electric:Liaht:Plants. TWO PERFORMANCES EVERY- WEEK-:DAY

Afternoons at 2; Evenings at 8. Doors Open at 1 and 7 p.m.". ONE TICKET ADMITS TO ALL ADVERTISED ATTRACTIONS. PRICES OF ADIMIStION 25., 35., 45., Box :...•EATs, ss. and 78. 6d. Chileren under 10 years, halt-price to all except the le. eats. All seats are numt ered except those at is. and 2s. Tickets under 4e. sold ins dvcncr. Tickets at all prices on sale on the grounds at hours cf et.euirg, and Tickets at 45., aid 71r. 6d. on sBle at 9 a.m. on the day of exhibition at It. H. Pearson, Ltd., Pismo and Music Warehouse, 10, Bold Street. A FREE ENTERTAIIsmENT FOR F.vERNBCDY Visiting the Exhibition Grounds at 11 a.m., Prelimißary Open Air Concert hy the Farnsna Cowboy Military Band and other interesting lectures. Will exhibit at LIVERPOOL UNTIL 'MAY 23R0.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on. one sale only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstances undertake to return the manuscripts which are not used.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Warringtonians and the Walking Boom.

Sir,—On reading the newspapers of late, I. have been particularly struck with the fact that the professional and business gentlemen of quite a number of towns throughout the country are organising walking- con- tests. London has already experienced one, and if re- ports may be relied upon,it has proved a distinct success. Why do not the business men of Warrington follow their example? It is generally admitted thatas a healthful outdoor exercise walking can scarcely, be improved upon and there are kw people who would not derive much benefit from a few weeks' steady training. Moreover, walking is a pastime which can be indulged in by those whose advanced age, or whose laek of physi- cal robustness prevents them" from taking part in the more vigorous forms of sport. Many delight- ful walks . can be taken around Warrington, and if the business men of this town, both young and middle-aged, would only agree to unite in a walking match, there is no reason why it should not prove just as successful as that of any other town. Warrington has always held its own in athletics, and I think I am right in saying that there are many of our 'younger men who would be quite willing to undertake the duties of arranging such a contest. —Yours &c., PEDESTRIAN.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. Morley Stevenson and Religious Education.

have read with pleasure the speech of tho Rev. Morley Stevenson at the opening of Padgate school on Saturday last. I note he expresses his belief that ulti- mately we shall have a complete system of the national education. Here Mr. Stevenson is a tone with Free Churchmen. He believes also that children should be, trained in the religion of their parents. Free Church- men heartil3 agree. The point of difference lies here. Religious instruction, by which Mr. Stevenson means the doctrinal formularies of his own church, not the ethical and spiritual teachings of the New Testament, he hopes and believes will be taught in the State schools at the State's expense. This can never be. To this Free Churchmen will never submit. The day that sees the inauguration of a complete and graded system of education will see the Mail abolition of all Sectarian teaching in public elementary. schools.; No comprothise is possible on this point. The day for compromise with Anglicans and Roraanists on religions teaching is past and gone. It is irrelevant to say, that there are thousands of children who receive no religious instruc- tion at all exeept what they get hi the day schools. My reply to that is, if the churches believe in them- eelves and their divinely appointed mission, they will seek to win the children for Christ and give them the needed religious instruction through their own special church agencies. If not so much the worse for the churches. Publiclysupported day schools will certainly not be used for this purpose. The great passive resist- ance movement is gaining ground in th‘) country and I am glad to know in Warington also. It is not for "nothing" that Free Churchmen are refusing to pay the "new chnrch rate." The great end in view is freeing the schools and staffs from the trouble and obligation of teaching dogmatic theology and the influence of the proselytising priest. I think t can prophesy with truth that the "flowing tide" of public opinion is with us. I hope Mr. Stevenson will neither be grieved nor disap- pointed with the issue of the fight.—l am, very truly 'ours,

JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS, Baptist Church, Latchford, May 15th 1903.

The Coroner's jury that inquired into the death of Peter Settle, the Radcliffe collier, who endeavoured to save a boy that had fallen into the Trwell, have sub- scribed £8 for the widow, and a subscription list is to be opened.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal.

Colonel R. Ireland Blackburue was introduced into the presence of the King at the third Levee of the season at Buckingham Palace on Monday, and was decorated by his Majesty as a Companion of the Order of the Bath (Military Division).

The Rev. B. Pei:cival,ioT Warrington, was present at the 44th annual meeting in connection with the Southport Clerical and Lay Evangelical 'Conference which was held on Tuesday under the presidency of Archdeacon Madden. Local, Commissions.

The "London Gazette" of Tuesday night contained the following :—Militia Infantry.-3rd Battalion the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) : Gilbert Henry Bell, gentleman,to be second lieutenant, 'dated 20th May. 4th Battalion King's Liverpool Regiment, Lieutenant A. B. Stephenson to be instructor of musketry, dated 20th May. Death of a Warrington Worthy.

Many will regret to-hear that M. Thomas Turner, who was the oldest inhabitant of the town, died at his residence in Sankey Bridges, shortly before five o'clock on Tuesday morning. He was born in the year 1809, and was therefore 91 years of age. Up to the previous Thursday Mr. Turner had enjoyed remarkably good health for one who had reached such n ripe old age. but on that day he was seized with a chill whilst gardening and it resulted in his death. He was con- scious almost up to the last moment. It may be interesting to note that the deceased is the father of Mr. Frank Turner, the superintendent of the Fire Brigade, and that his grandson is the deputy-superin- tendent. Mr. Turner has left to mourn his loss four sons and one daughter. The Latter is in America, where she has resided for about 20 years. Mr. Turner had no fewer than 23 grandchildren; 13, great grand- children, and two great-great grandchildren. He dis- tinctly remembered the time whn no fewer than 90 coaches daily passed through Warrington, and when there was only one policeman. His wife died about 30 years ago, and was buried in Great Sankey-Church yard, where the remains of Mr. Turner were laid to rest yesterday. • Drowned in a Ditch. An inquest was held at the Police Station on Thurs- day evening concerning the death of James Monaghan, a threshing machine labourer, who lodged at , 16, Union-street, and who was found drowned in a ditch on Tuesday ..afternoon.—Patrick Flattery, general labourer, gave evidence of identification, and said he last saw deceased alive at 1140 on Tuesday morning in Sankey-street and he appeared to be in his usual health. Deceased was subject to fits.----Margaret Jones, wife of Robert Jones, 19, Baxter-street, stated that at four o'clock on Tuesday afternoon she was I walking along the Sankey and St. Helens Canal at Sankey, ,when sh saw the body of the deceased lying face downwards in the ditch by the side.of the towing path. She informed two men who were fishing in the canal of her discovery, and , they got the body - out of the ditch.— Albert Warburton, 25, 'Lythgoe's-lane, gave evidence I as to the recovery of the body.—Detective Barlow, coroner's officer, said he made a careful examination of the body and found no marks of violence. The ditch was at the bottom of the canal embankment and it was very probable that deceased was seized with a fit whilst walking along the towing path and fell down the embankment into the ditch.—A verdict of" Found drowned " was returned:-

===== 0002601_19030522_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

TITCRSDAY.—Before Mr. James Fuireloug'n (in the chair)_, Aldermen Smethurst, Messrs. C. White, Young

and Hepherd. Firrr-Fouram APPEARANCE.—WiIIiam Plinston was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Lythgoes-lane at 7.40 the previous evening.—P.C. Cooper proved the case.—Prisoner laild no excuse to offer. He said he was not lit to take drink.—The Chairman: You ought not to take it then.—The Chief Constable: He has had fifty-three previous lessons on the subject so he ought to be pretty well convinced by this time that he is not fit to take drink of an alcoholic nature.—A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

The Examiner, Friday, May 22, 1903.

FOOTBALL 25. ",y CLuB,

ANNUAL MEETING.

The members of the Warrington Football Club . assembled in large numbers on 'Tuesday evening at the annual meeting which was held in the Workmen's Club,. : Market Place. Mr. T. Bowers was Vo t ed to the chair and he explained that the presidant (Mr. Neil) was . unable to be present through indisposition. THE REPORTS AND STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS. The report of the secretary (Mr. H. Ashton) and the statement of the trea'Eurer (Mr. T. Pemberton) were. taken as read. These have already appeared in "The

Mr. S. W. JEFFERY, in seconding the proposition, said whatever difference of opinion there might be with regard to the Treasurer's report and the work of the committee, there would be no difference on this point. They could boast of a treasurer second to none in Eng- land, and his best recommendation had come from other treasurers visiting Warrington. They had , not even checked the gate when Mr. Pernberton•disclosed his system, as they acknowledged it was unnecessary. Asa player and as an official their treasurer had done yeoman service to the club,which they could not possibly repay.l They, however, thought it a fitting time to acknowledge , the length of his services. When they knew that the season ended on Thursday, April 30th, and that the accounts were audited the following day it diet not need ; any long tale to show that the books mast have barn kept in apple pie order. The acountants in town who casually saw the balance sheet said it was a work of art and they wondered how it could have been done in the , time. it could only be done by Mr. Pemberton keeping ! ahead of his work. The testimonial was only a matter ! of twenty guineas, but if they were to go by Mr. Pem- berton he would have nothing at all. He entirely objected to it coming before the meeting, but they considered it ought to do so and that Mr. Pemberton should have a fitting reward for the services he had rendered. (Applause.) ; Mr. T. WALkINGToN, one of the auditors, thought they ought to compliment Mr. Pentserton on attaining his majority. They had no conception of the immense ; amount of work entailed in connection with the position ;of treasurer. Mr. Pemberton's system was really mar- vellous, and it had helped the auditors out of consider- able difficulty. He heartily agreed with the small I recognition they intended to make of his services as treasurer. (Applause.) Mr. S. WRIGHT also supported the motion, and said Mr. Pemberton was one of those members who stuck to the club when it was in low water. Mr. Pemberton had been connected with football since he was a boy, and football in Warrington owed a great deal to him. The present was a fitting opportunity to recognise Mr. Pent- berton's services. _ _

===== 0002601_19030522_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Examiner." Mr. G. FREEMAN moved the adoption of the report and statement of accounts. He considered that they caine out very well, when they considered that they did so badly in the first part of the season. If it had not been for their success during the holiday time they would have looked very small. MR. BARNES EXPRESSES lIIS OPINION. Mr. T. BARNES, Sex, observed that the club to a certain extent had come out very well, but he thought they might have come out better. (Hear, hear.) From a playing point of view the club had decreased consider- ably. He was not in a very enviable position, but he had always the courage of his convictions. He had no axe to grind. Mr. T. DA.VIES : ("Hear, hear.") , Mr. BARNES: One gentleman told him that he ought 'to give the committee a free hand. That was the gen- tleman who had just spoken. But they had to consider the position of the team. It was not equal to the team of three seasons ago. There was a shrinkage of mem- bers and that showed a lack of interest, and was not that natural? Their score to-day was less than their opponents; three years age it was far better: They had seven county players, and still the play was worse, whereas they had novices three years since. Why not have better play? A VOICE: Alter the rule. Mr. BARNES (continuing) said he did not wish to be interrupted in that way. He did not want the member to retire, but he wished he would muzzle himself. (Laughter and applause.) He appealed to the Chairman as the interruptions provoked him to use language he did not wish to use. , The CHAIRMAN expressed the hope that the members would give Mr. Barnes a hearing. (Hear, hear). Mr. BARNES (continuing) said the forwards did not scrimmage correctly. , They scrimmaged in a hap-hazard manner and were more like a bunch of grapes than a solid mass of forwards. The secretary stated in his report that for several seasons the weakness in the team had been in the forwards. Three years ago that was their strongest point,So that statement was not correct. Fell, a very important forward, left them, he was given to understand, as he had not been treated in a proper manner,while Scholtze,although an abrupt young man, could sday football and wasan honest scrimmager. They had got one forward in Naylor back, but that did not make the appreciable improvement they would like to have. He thought the committee had been guilty of maintaining a half-back who had not the slightest knowledge of half-back play,while there was another half-back willing to Lake his place but the committee offered him terms he would not accept. When Halifax asked what they could have him for, Warrington said £lOO. The CHAIRMAN: I would like you to keep to the re- port as much as possible. . Mr.BARNES: I hope youwill give me a little liberty. If you interfere it looks as though you wanted to keepl something back. The CHAIRMAN: There is nothing the committee wish to keeplback. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BARNES (continuing)said it was a difficult Matter to move some of the committee to introduce new players. If it had not been for the activity of one man they would not have had the two men from Ask; am two years ago. Good men could be got if 'they looked for them. The whole of the Committee's fishing for new players during the past season was nil. We did not wish to stand still but to advance. We wanted to have the name we formerly enjoyed, a name that struck terror into the Yorkshire' Clubs and caused anxiety to the Lancashire clubs. How could they do that.? They must begin at the head and change the composition of the committee. There must be no cliquism. They must 'place men on the committee who had the courage of their convictions. He appealed to the members not to be hoodwinked, but place a majority of new members on the committee which would make a vast improve- ment. (Applause.) Mr. S. WRIGHT said he agreed with almost everyword Mr. Barnes had said with reference to the management of the club. He believed the committee of last year had not been one of the best they had had. arid it would belin the interests of the club if the members considered the advisability of electing some fresh representatives. There were two or three verylgood members on the com- •mittee,and he was not going to say anything disrespect- ful or personal regarding any member. There was not a single member of the committee he had any feeling against, but he thought that the report before them was not altogether satisfactory. There had been complaints both in the Press and by the members, and one of the members of the Press had blamed the committee for not obtaining forwards during the past season. He was sure his remarks up to the end of the season were quite justifiable, because their forwards were beaten in almost every match. They were beaten four times out of five in obtaining possession of the ball. They had a splen- did three-quarter line. In fact there was not another team in the Northern Union which had such a line as Warrington had. (Hear, hear.) Still they found that their scoring abilities hadgreatly deteriorated through lack of opportunities. The scoring of Fish and Harris was not what it was compared with last year, and he thought the committee were to be blamed for not importing new blood into the forwhrds. After the match at St. Helens 'they found there was something wrong, and made alteratiolis, but in a treek or two there were the same lot on again. Some of the forwards had not been capable of representing Warrington, and yet, they had been on the team week after week. Rivas time they had some fresh representatives on the committee. They ought to have some information respecting the Northern Union. They were' members of the Union, and it was a fitting opportunity for the members of the club to express their strong disapproval of the rules that had been in force during the season, and urge their representatives on the Union to protest against them. Their spectators had been very loyal,and such as any town might be proud of,, hilt if they had exhibitions such as those of last season the club would suffer considerably. They would have suffered consider- ably last season had it not been for a very fortunate event. He referred to the Halifax match, the gate at which would probably have been £1:50 less had it not been for the neck and neck race that Halifax were run- ning with Salford. Whoever was to blame for allowing Warrington to be in the unenviable position of playing six or seven matches away in succession he did not know, but if it was their representative, he had not done- his duty. He had nothing to say only in praise of the Treasurer's report. They couldalways depend upon the Treasurer presenting them with a plain, straightforward and intelligible report. (Applause.) He knew it must be a great pleasure to Mr. Pemberton that he had such a favourable report to present. (Hear, hear.) M 4. T. UNS WORTH thought the members of the club dould conscientiously say they had hada more successful season than they had had before. The committee must have a certain latitude. They could not have men without money, and even then they were not sure of getting them. He thought the season was very satis- factory, and did not see why there should have been that cavilling at the committee. Mr. BuRDErr asked if there was any truth in the statement that one of the players was getting a weekly allowance -during the close season? The CHAIRMAN: Not that lam aware of. The SECRETARY: There is no payment of any kind to members during the close season. Mr. J. W. PLINSTON asked why J. Lawless had finished playing for the team. The CHAIRMAN: Yon had better ask him himself. He will be able to tell you hotter. Mr. PLINSTON said he knew something about the matter, and thought the members should know it. Lawless got his shoulder broken and was unable to play. The CHAIRMAN said they could not entertain the matter at that point. The proper way would have been to have had a notice on th'e agenda. Mr. PLLNSTON: This is a very important matter for the Warrington Football Club and one they ought to low about. The CHAIRMAN: Yon ought to have put it on the agenda if you had a grievance. You may speak on the matter after the business, as this is outside the reports. The reports were then adopted. RE-ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

lOn the motion of Mr. FRANK TURNER, seconded by Mr. %V. HAYES, the following officials were re-elected: 1 .—President, Mr. W. R. Niel: hon. treasurer, Mr. Thomas Pemberton; hon. secretary, Mr. Barry Ashton; hon. auditors, Messrs. T. Wallington and W. Webster; trustees, Messrs. Bowers and Locker. The ballot for the election of the committee resulted in the following being appointed:—Messrs. T. Bowers, T. Davies, T. Locker,W. Hewitt,W.Nevins,and T./Inn/es sen. The only change is the substitution of Mr. T Barnes, sen., for Mr. S. W. Jeffery. TESTIMONIAL TO THE TREASURER. RECOGNITION OF VALUABLE SERVICES. The CHAIRMAN moved the adoption of the recom- mendation of thelcommittee to the effect that a testi- monial to the value of twenty guineas be made to Mr. T. Pemberton, in recognition of his faithful and hon- ourable services for 21 yearsas hon. treasurer.. He ob- served that Mr. Pemberton had done a vast amount for the club, as he was connected with it when it was in a very small way. It was as little as they could do to make him a small testimonial. He did not think they 1 , could go through football circles in any part of the country and find a better treasurer than they possessed. (Hear, hear and applause). His system of keeping the books was far superior to any he (the Chairman) had ever seen. Mr. Pemberton had been complimented upon it on several occasions to his (the chairman's) know- ledge. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19030522_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. JEFFER,Y explained that it was the intention of the committee to purchase silver plate for Mr. Pember- ton, so that he would be able .to hand it down. He hoped it would 'remind him of the many pleasant days he had spent in connection with the Football Club. The motion was unaniniously Passed. On the proposition of Mr. W. WEBsTut, secoaded by Mr. RAWLIN6, it was decided to make the presentation at a public gathering. HON° RARIUMS. '

Mr. E. V. WALK.Ea proposed, • and Mr. lirxst,El- - and it was agreed to that the usual honorari- ums to the secretary,treasurer and auditors be granted for their setvices during the year. The meeting concluded with an acknowledgmen t of the Chairman's services.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WILD WEST SHOW.

AT WARRINGTON ON MONDAY.

The question has often been asked if the entire aggre- gation known as Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World will positively be brought here when the exhibition arrives on May 25th.We have the assurance of the management that identically the same pertormance•which delighted so many thou- sands daring th4past winter at the Olympia, London, will positively be brought here intact, not a single feature being omitted. To accomplish this gigantic task riequires an army of men and three special rail- way trains, made up of twenty-one cars each constructed oh American lines and each measuring nearly sixty feet in length.which are provided with every appliance for comfort and safety known to the railway world. Immediately after the conclusion of the night exhibition in one city, all of the horses, paraphernalia, etc.• are quickly dispatched to the goods yard where they are immediately placed upon the cars audits soon as a, train is loaded it departs immediately for the next point of wild bition, where, at break of day, the work of disembarkation commences, and in less than three hours from the time the first waggon Comes down the run everything is at the -exhibi- tion groun;s,the various teats and canopies have been erected, all the seats are in place, and everything is in readiness to receive those who desire to witness the ofternoon performance. The methods of transportation as portrayed by the Wild \Veit aggregation are in them- selves an object of great interest,and to those interested in such matters, much can be learned by witnessing the system employed in loading and unloading this wonder- ful organization, it should also be borne in mind that the weather conditions do not in any way affect the giving of a complete exhibition, and the performance will always be given in its entirety, rain or shine, upon the date and atthe hours advertised. THE BATTLE OF SAN JUAN

One of the most interesting features of the show is the military spectacle known as "The Battle of San Juan Hill." This interesting bit of realistic warfare is founded upon an epoch of the late war between the United States and Spain and the scene is laid in the island of Cuba, in whose behalf the United States government took up arms. The incident will be recalled as the one in which Colonel(now President)BoOsevelt led his famous rough riders up the strongly fortified hill and Succeeded in routing the Spaniards from what was col:- sidered to be an almost impregnable position, which practically ended the land fights in this hotly contested campaign. The spectacle is in two parts,the first showing American troops going into bivouac at night and how the soldiers enjoyed a relaxation from their long tramp by indulging in all sorts of pastimes, songs and dances, after which all is still excepting the dull .tread as the -sentries patrol their beats,but with the dawn of day the bugle call brings everyone to his feet and the lines are formed ready for the march, when scbtats return apprising the American Generals of their close proxim- ity to the Spanish firing lines. Immediately,orders are issued to prepare for action and the battle soon begins in earnest. After a short bat desperate fight the American troops succeed in gaining possessicin of the fortified hill, the Spanish General lays down his arms, and the Stars and Stripes of the United States are seen to flutter from the flag staff so recently supporting the colours of the now conquered 130114.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROUGH RIDERS.

Unique, superb and possessing an elan peculiarly their own the Roosevelt Rough Riders really belong to the twentieth century. The detachment of fearless horsemen bearing this title who appear in the Buffalo Bill Wild West Exhibition are veterans of this wonder- ful military organization and side by side with the Cuban patriots enact the scenes which have made them famous the world over, in consequence of their faindus charge up Sin Juan Hill during the Sninish-Americae controversy in Cuba. When the United States Govern- ment took up arms against Spain in order to secure the independence of Cuba, President Theodore Roosevelt then occupied the position of Assistant Secretary. of War. Imbued with that patriotic spirit which dominates the whole Anglo-Saxon race, he resigned his post and quickly gathered around him a body of young, energetic, and fearless cow-boys, scouts and plainsmen, supple- mented by athletic recruits from all ranks of society, and every avocation of American life, who were formally christened the "First United States Volunteer Cavalry." The /American nation how- ever have a happy faculty of applying pet titles to their various regiments and someone suggested that Colonel Roosevelt's command should be known as the "Rough Riders," a name which had already become popularized by Colonel F. W. Cody in his Wild West exhibition as descriptive of the highest type of daring, vigorous and skilful riders whom he had brought together from all parts of the world in the Wild West arena. The Press and public quickly accepted the sug- gestion, and it was not long before the official com- munications of the government began to be addressed to the "Rough Riders." President Roosevelt in his book says: "For some reason or other the public promptly christened us the 'Rough Riders.' At first we 'fought against the use of the term, but to no pur- pose; and when finally thl Gaierals of Division and Brigade began to write in formal,communications about our regiment as 'Rough Riders' we adopted the title ourselves." The "Rough Riders" who appear in the Wild West arena recrnitei from the ranks of President Roosevelt's famous regiment and all were present and fought from Sibeney to Santaigo eventually climbing the slopes of San JU-111 Hill alininistering the fin LI defeat to Spanish arms in Cuba.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF AN OLD Pi ESIDENT.

On Saturday morning last, Mr. Joseph Massey, of 300 Earle-street, Earlestown, passed away, rather unexpect- edly in his 60th year. For many years the deceased had been a Martyr to bronchitis, and because of ill-health he had to retire from active work some .five years ago. A few days before his death, however, he was taken , ill suffering from influenza, but his medical attendant pronounced the attack a mild one. On Friday night he was much worse, and on Saturday morning about nine o'clock he suddenly expired. Mr. Massey came to Earlestown front Preston about 35 years ago, and for the major portion of that time he occupied the position of foreman in the waggon building-depbt of the Viaduct Works. Failing health, however, brought about his retirement on the pension fund, and he was in receipt of a pension at the time of his death. He leaves a widow but no family.

• The funeral took place on Wednesday and was attended by a large number of workmen and foremen, and several pensioners, in addition to Mr. .1. W. Emmett, the works Superintendent and Mr. Ormand. The interment was at the cemetery, and the service was performed by the Rev. C. E. Dove, Wesleyan Minister, the deceased being one of the trustees of the Wesleyan Church.

MONEY WELL SPENT if you buy ALF TAYLOR'S good Boots, 45, Horsemarket-st.,Warrington.—Advt.

ASK for •Ct`N•NINGILIM'S tSS ATEW. 1.1.1; WATER s.—Advt.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOOTS in L ANCASH I R E.7--AdVt. ,

Tuesday was also beautifttlly fine and in the even- ing the members of the Warrington Cycling Club had a run to Glazebury. Twenty-one. members and several friends put in an appearance and spent a highly enjoyable evening, mtny being agreeably sun-- priseitat the excellent state of the roads. On arrival bowling was indulged in until dusk, when the com- pany adjourned to the "Raven Hotel" for au im- promptu " smdker." Songs were ,contributed by Messrs. J. Grounds, W. Brown, G. IL Smith, J. G. Chappell, and others, Mr. J. Grounds presiding at the piano. The return journey was accomplished without mishap.

The climatic conditions during the remainder of the week have been equally favourably, and if the im- provement continues over the weekend cyclists can be relied upon to make most of the chances presented for indulging iii their favourite recreation.

Owing to the lamented death of Mr. George White- lkouse the Cycling Club ran foil to-day (Saturday), has been cancelled.

Angling.

Members of the Warrington A.A. who have not .as vet claimed their licences to fish the Widgewater 'Canal and to which they are entitled, free of extra cost, are requested to do S) at once. The Worsley Canal Fishery Board has consented to allow angling in the canal during the Whitsuntide Holidays—May. 30th to June 6th—bath dates inclusive. The secre- taries of the local angling clubs are advised to) con- sult the general secretary Of the Association as regards ensuring their members certain privileges which the Society is prepared to guarantee upon certain condi- tions and upon a not very heavy payment individually. The, Committee of the Jolly Anglers' Society has., picked four teams to represent the Club in the Shield Competition of the Association. The members of the Howley A.S. have decided to have only one contest during the ensuing season and flint the Prizes, already available 'for what should have been their opening contest, should be given to the recognised " annual ' match. The members of the Workingmen's A.S. will hold a special and general meeting, on June 11th in order to rearrange their gin)) mates. The members of the Broadlteath and District A.S. have decided to apply to the Warrington A.A. for full affiliation for the whole of their members on the six Shilling scale of membership. Mr. G. Shannon, the secretary, has been appointed "agent " to the association for broad- heath. and district.- Wet weather interfered with trout fishing last week end and the river Bonin was again in fio xl. A trout of lib 2ozs was registered during the week by Mr. Hammuth. Angling Prospects for this week end have improved.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

icket wa 74 rendered impossible in the Warrington di,trict on Saturday by the heavy downpour of rain which continued almost without cessation during the whole of the afternoon. TheWarrington eleven should have encountered Northern on the Waterloo enclosure, rin fact the match was commenced, but had to be abandoned after several Warrington players had ap- peared at the wickets. Thi,?, total stood at 25 for the loss of one wicket, E. A. Connor being bowled after' scoring three runs byHolsinger,a Cingalese professiona who gained his first experience of cricket in Colombo, W. H. Podmore knocked .Itio 11 and P. B. Hawtin was responsible for 9.

• Warrington Co-operative Eleven - journeyed to Bhtekley on Tuesday, and had much the best of the engagement with the Co-operative representatives of that town. The visitors coMpile,(l 49, IV. Kay (18) being the top scorer, and to this Black.ley reiponded with 28 ; D. Guilford batting in in

is 22

===== 0002601_19030522_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

There has been a welcome chaup in the weather conditions this 7veek., and cyClists have not been slow to take advantage of it. Following the steady and. continuous downpour on Saturday, and the frequent showers on Sunday, Monday was really an ideal day for the wheeler. There ,was radiant sunshine, but a light breeze tempered the heat, and the roads were in grand condition. The writer had a spin to one of Cheshire's most delightful viliages—Rostherne, which is at present looking almost at its best. Cyclists who have never visited the place should certainly make a point of doing so for they will be amply re- paid. The view from the churchyard which over- looks the placid waters of the mere. is one of the prettiest imaginable, whilst the village itself. with its quaint cottages and trim gardens is a charming spot.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
Rugby Football.

The annual rnt jug of the Warrington Football Club was held on Tuesday evening, and was attended by an exceedingly large number of members. An hour sufficed to transact the business which, on the whole, was conductel amicably.. • All the old officials were re-elected, but there was one change in the constitu- tion of the committee. Ur. T. Barnes displacing Mr. S. W. Jeffery. " Lawyer "literally talked himself on again, but lam sorry he has taken the place of so . useful a man as Mr. Jeffery,

The reports were passed without dissent, and there were numerous complimentary references to the treas- urer's statement, and to Mr. Pemberton h:mself. Com- plete unanimity and heartiness characterized the passing of a resolution to mike Mr. Pemberton a testi- monial of 20 guineas in re,3ogaition of the fact that he had completed 21 years as treasurer of the Club. Some of the allusions to his worth would have mide Mr. Pemlierton blush hid he been present, but he dis- creetly retired ere this stage in the .proceedings was raached. It was also decided that the presentati9n should be made at a public meeting of the members of the Club and not in committee.

In connection with the nomination of officials for the Northern League, Mr. J. E. Warren, of Warring- ton, has formrdly notified that it is not his intention t, stand for the office of socretary. The only other gentleman nominated is Mr. J. H. Houghton, of St. Helens, so ho will nlw be returned unopposed,

===== 0002601_19030522_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL ACCIDENT IN SANKEY

STREET.

A Woman Knocked Down by a Horse.

IMr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, held an inquiry at the Warrington Police Station on Thursday evening into the circumstances attending the death of Agnes Jones, 53 years of age, wife of Joseph Jones, it forge labourer, residing at 91 Bostock-street, who died on Tuesday a'ftemoon. • Joseph Jones,-deeeased's husband, stated that about I .8 o'clock oji Saturday evening, the 9th inst he and his ! wife went 'to town for the purpose of Cloing some shopping. Wheß opposite the Woolpaek Inn, Sankey- street, deceased stepped oil the footpath with the intention of crossing the street in order to give some money to a man who was playing a street organ. When she reached the middle of the street she was knocked down by a horse attached to a bread van. He at once went to her assistance and she was conveyed home in a cab. Dr. Liston attended her until she died at 1.43 p.m. on Tuesday. . In answer to Mr. Browne (who appeared for the driver of the vehicle) witness stated that the horse was not going very quickly. The animarshead caught deceased and caused her to fall. The van did not pass over her. The street was crowded at the time. P,C. Bennett said that at 8.40 p.m. on the date in question he was on duty in Sankey-street end on hearing a scream went to see what was the matter. He was informed that deceased had been knocked down be a horse attached to a bread van. He assisted in getting her in a cab and after seeing her home 'went for Dr. Liston. The horse and van passed him a few seconds before the accident and they were going at it very slow pace. The driver pulled up within a yard from the spot ' where deceased was knocked down. i Williams Wills, driver in the employ of Messrs. Pier- point and Company. bakers, said he was its charge of the horse and van in (pa :Mon. When deceased stw the vehicle coining she hesitated whether to cross the • street or to turn back, and the horse's nose caught her and cruised her to fall. Witness did all he could to pull up. The horse's feet did not touch deceased. Harry Walmsley, who was playing the street organ • corroborated,and said that if deceased had ,ToiWstraight on without hesitating the accident would not have occurred. The driver did all he possibly could to avoid it. • , • The Coroner said Dr. Liston had certified that when he attended deceased on the date of the accident she H. M. ASIITON's LIFE TONIC is the KiNo OF was suffering from bruises on the left hip and thigh, Tosics.-63, SANkEY-STREET, Warrington.--Advt. and also from heertdisease of longstanding, and shock. She had an attack of syncope, which was accelerated by the accident, and this was the cause of death. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental Death " and exonerated the driver from all blame. • . UN S ' Mr. A. E. Connor, appeared for the relatives of the LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS andLIOES, DER. deceased. ) the CLOCK, Bruota,sintF.Er.—Al7t,

GiLeacK : "I am surprised, Colonel, at your time ol lite, that you should have any trouble in managing your wile. Al you have to do is to let her think bhei is having her own way." Colonsl Q taller : "Yes, but the trouble is that everybody wee thinks so, top." THE typino begged some workmen who were putting up a new telephone not In placo it so high on the wall as they were doing. "You see," she said, "I have to use it as much as anyone, and I am so snort I can hardly reach it." "Oh, well, miss," said the homourist in charge of the work, "you can raise your voice, can't you?" SHE: "Why should they say stolen kisses are the sweetest?" He: "I think it is due largely to the natural perversity of human nature. It is not so much due to the fact of any sweetness in the mere performance of osculation as to the inherent desire for that which is supposed to be unattainable. Now, for instance, I read an article by an eminent sociologist on the--" She: "It is getting really chilly out here in the porch. I think we had better go into the house." "I WANT,' 11- said, slowly, "an oyster stew, and I don't want the oysters and milk and the rest all mixed up and merely heated. I want the milk carefutly boiled first, and the oysters added, then the other ingredients, and finally, after it is , taken off, the seasoning. Be very particular about the milk. It must be sweet and rich, and above all things, be careful to get good butter. Only toe best and freshest dairy butter should be used. As for the oysters. I want the very finest to be obtained anywhere; no common mud oysters for me. Now don't forget." "Yes, sir," said the waiter. "Do you wish the oysters with or with- out, sir?" "With or without what?" "Pearls, sir."

FOR CLASS AND CRENt of every description try .1. S. GARLAND, Fornishing frown mger, 51, 53, and. 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030522_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PAR A URA PITS.

"I SPENT many a sleepless night over that new book of mine." "It didn't atrdat me that way."

SHE: "This paper tells of a man who stepped off a cliff and dropped .300fb." : "That leliobY must be a regular human centipede." HE (very much gone) "There's nothing half so sweet in life as love'e young dream." bhe : "I don't know. Mixed chocolate are pretty good." MR. RICHFELLO : "Miss Da Slim:a is evidently a woman of many tine points." Rival : "1 should say so. Did you see her elboos ?" . . .

" ROBBIE," asked- the visitor, " have you any brothers and sisters?" "N," replied Rubble, "I'm all the children we've got:." MASTER : "What is an opossum?" Soholar : "A small animal with a pouch." Master : "What does he do with it?" Scholar: "When he is hunted he gets inside." Nis. GADABOUT: "Our new servant is a ewe'. She cooks ~beautizully, is very economical, never roes out and .never talks back." Her husband: "I wish I had met her before I was married."

:MISTRESS : " You have no young utan,.l hope?" Maid: "On, no, ma'am ; he's fifty ii a day." A. LEARNED physician Bays: "Yu should always breathe through the nwe when a4leep." So if you should chance to awaken and find your mouth open, get up and shut it. BEGGAR (to gentleman): "D 3 you happen, to have lost your purse ?" Gent ((eeling im his pockets): "No!" Beggar "Then you can let me have a little assistance."

===== 0002601_19030522_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
RUSSIAN soldiers are supplied with handker- chiefs at the expense of the Government. Tide no doubt, a necessary expeuclitute in a country where every name is either a cough or a sneeze. "THEY say she's worth half a tiollien." Wll, she wants it in her business." " What's the'. ?" "Looking for a husband." "Do you know, darling, that I think it makee me a better man o.7ery time I kiss you ? " Well, at the rate you are going now, there will soon be no more room for improvement." "What did he mean by telling me I was as bright as the morning?" Dolly "I sup- pose, dear, he meant you were as plain as day- light." SPORTSMAN (to Snobs.on, who hasn't shot a single bird all day) : "Do you know Lord Peckham ?" Snobson : 'oh, dear, yes; ofien shut at his house." Sportsman : "Ever hit it?" "Tins is the parlour, eh?" tentatively re- marked the estate agent, who was looking over the house. "Yes," replied old man Kidder, "tut I usually call it a courtroom—l've got seven daughters, you know." THE HOUSEWIFE: "Bridget, I smell gas leaking. Do you think it comes from the hail burner" Bridget (after a sniff): "Lakin', is it? Bad luck to it! It'll be all over the new carpet." Hastens for the mop. WILLIS: "Parker's salary was doubled a short time ago, so I hear." Wallace: "Yes, it was; but it got him in lots of trouble." Willis: "How's that?" Wallace: "His wife found it out."

HARRY: "I suppose your wife received you with open arms last night, even if you were rather late ? " Dick "Well, not exactly; but she had her hands open—l remember that distinctly—with the fingers spread apart and bent." His FIGURES WERE WRONG.—Bilkins "It's a mistake about people being made one when they are married. My wife and I were made ten." Wilkins : "Made ten 1" Bilkins : " Yes ; she's the one and I'm the cipher." MR. TALKATIVE: "The doctors say nervous people should never drink coffee." Mr. Thought- ful : "They should also abstain from living where they will have to wait an hour and twenty minutes if they miss a train." LAURA: "While Jack was calling the other evening he made the statement that he would kiss me or die in the attempt." Belle: " Yes? (After a pause.) Well, did he kiss you?" Laura "You ha.verit read any account of Jack's death in the papers, have you 2" BIGGS : "There goes a man who is approached with fear and trembling by all who have dealings with him." Boggs: "Ah I a criminal judge or something of that sort, I presume." Biggs: "No, a dentist."

"THERE," said the landlady, as she handed the lodger a rather slender piece of real porterhouse, "you can't say anything about that steak being fib to sole shoes with." "No," said the lodger, wrapping the meat round his fork, "I should guess it was more fit for bootlaces." A CHRONIC INVALID.—Mrs. Nabor : "And so the doctor ordered you to give your husband whisky for his rheumatism. Doss it seem to do him any good?" Mrs. Nexdoor : "John says it does him lots of good, but I notice the pains come upon him more frequently than ever."

"How did Brown• Smith make all his money?" "He invented a new method of advertising a patent medicine." "And then sold the idea to a patent medicine firm?" "Nob much! That's where he showed his cleverness. He hired a man to invsnt a patent medicine for him, and used the idea him- self."

"You haven't any smokeless tobacco, haveyou ? " asked the smart young man. "Lots of it," said the matter-of-fact person behind the counter, pro- ducing a box of snuff. How much do you want ? " HORSE OWNER: "Suppose the machine of your motor-car goes wrong when you are half way be- tween two towns. What then?" Motor Owner: "Well, I wouldn't be any worse off than if I were half way between two towns with a hcrse and trap and the horse should die." Mats. JOHNSON: "Has Mr. Johnson come home for diuner yet?" Jane: "No, mum." "I thought Iheard him downstairs." "That was Leo growling over a bone, mum." ANGRY FATHER (stick in hand, to little Willy) : "Why are your clothes soiled so frightfully?" Little Willy (whimpering) : "I fell in the gutter." "And with your new knickers on?" "Yes, pa, I didn't have time to come home and change 'ern." "You young scoundrel l" said the father, seizing his disobedient son by the hair; "I'll show yoa how to treat your mother." And he at once pro- coeded to show Young Hopeful the way by bang- ing him across the ears two or three times, and then shaking him until his hair began to fall out. "Jr I should tell all I know," said the detective, with a solemn shake of the head, "it would create a sensation, and don't you forget it." "If you would refrain from telling what you don't know," returned the sarcastic man, "it would create even a greater sensation." HIS GOOD CONDI:Tr.—The Manager: "How came you to leave your laat place?" Applicant: "I was discharged for good behaviour, sir." tanager: " D.echarged for good behaviour? That's unusual, isn't it ? " Applicant : " Well you see, good conduct took nine months off my sentence.'

===== 0002601_19030522_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
_ •r' %Ca rrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN Co., at The Examiner Genl:.ral 'Printing Wo 11ewsey-ir.req. 1 o: the a t the place,and us ) ;o: r t,u; 1. P. 1,1 ti WIDNE, 32, George-street, Sr. in:LENS and 3, Mari‘e,;(l street, EARJ.F.TowN,inthe County of Lancashire.aer also at High-street, RUNCORN, iz the County or (14 hire, MAY .2.2 ND. 1903.

===== 0002601_19030522_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Rl3 NC ORN FOOTBALL CLUB. NOTICE. THE ANNUAT., GENERIL MEETING- oF 11r HUMES WILL BZ HELD IN BETHESDA. SCHOOL-PLOM, °N WEDNE3DAY, MAY 27TH, AT 7 30 P.M. PROMPT. 8u81NF5,43 : To RECEIVE REPORTS,IEIection of Officers and Corarnittee, and General Business. By order, J. ELLISON, SECRETARY.

WHIT-WEEK HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR RHOTOGRAPHIPLS SHOULD PAY A VISIT To THE AM,kTEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT LARGEST STOOK. OF NEW AND SETIONDHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, 131. c. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY. POST FREE. . THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT 71. (7.XFORD RoAD, NEAR ALL SAINTS MANCHESTER.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lessthan half the prices charged by many. • MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class A RTIFICIAL rrEETH Sets, 20a. Inlaid Gold, 431.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guarantee& MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word, MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record Says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 56, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYs, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 11, RYLA.NDS-ST AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER., 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. To 8 P.M.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THB PRICE IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT El. 6d. AND NO moßn FOR THE BEST PAIR OF ROOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

•• • - toLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURGH WARRINGTON. • TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 17th. At 10.30 and 630. A bTUDRNT. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

WSE Y ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 17th. At 10.39 Rev. R. WILKINS REES. -111nso StEIJKCT : " Inclination and Obligation." At 6.30 Mr. H. AVERY. All welcome. Hymn'books provided.

rrHE cuItPORAIION WARItIN(4ToN is pre- -1 pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years.. Application to be made to the BoROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington. SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- Li TRRNS for our Celebrated 10e. fid. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid. 4ZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! Every workman should have ont of HACIUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

GOLBORISE-sTREET, BAPTIST UHUIWII WARRINGTON. TO-MORItOW (SUNDAY). MAY 17th. ItEV. HBRI3/(R.T DUNNIOO. toRNINGIO.4S-IBaptism Service. vßxixo 6.3o.—Poverty. It cansee, effects. rerneclies. r• DUNNICO will preach on Wednesday next at 8.15 MI (teats free. (-7(mn early. lIAILWAY BOTKL, ACTON BIt11)(46. A BOWLING MAIN WILL LE HELD sr THE ABOVE ADDRESS ON WHIT-11UNDXY, JUvE IsT, 1903. ENTRANCE FEE, ONE t(HILLING, WITH PUIZT AMMO.

ITAllt COMBINGS mode up 2/- per oz. .L.l. COVERLETTE TAILS OF FROM HATE FRAMES. "" FROM Zi/8 Escht. HAIL T S BROWN, 3, LIME ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

HARCOURT'S PENNYROYAL. STEEL AND TANSEY PILLS, Tiag BEST REMEDY FOR ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES l/q, 2/9, 4/6, POST FREE 25, OXFORD GARDENS. KENSINGfON, W.

. NOTICE. SEED WAREHOTISE. GOLDEN SQUARE, MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON. BUSINEQS 18 NOW CARRIED ON AT ABOVE ADDRESS BY GEORGE STARKEY.

WIRRAL AND BIRKENB.EAD AGRICULTURAL ritLOW, AT BEBINGTON (i&R BIRKENHEAD). JUNE 17, 18, 19, P RIZ GS EXCEED £2,500. ENTRIES CLOSE 23aD INSTANT. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, Secretary. 6, HAMILTON SQUARE; BIRKENHEA.D,

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR AI•L KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUAI4IY ATTENDED TO.

G-UINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S HILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEA.TLEY'S HOP BITTERN. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. • To be bad in CASK or BOTTLES f rota B. CUNN INGH AM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. TORES, OWE N STREET.

COUNTY BOROUI3rII OF WARRINGTON.— G&S DEPARTMENT. THB GAS COMMITTEE invite TENDERS for the supply 01 30,000 tons CuAL, hLACK, or NU CS and 5,000 tons eannel. Forms of Tender and all particulars can be ob- Utned on application to Mr W 3 Haddock, Gas Engineer. Tenders must be delivered by 10 a-no, 29th inst. F REDBRICK TAYLOR, secretary. Efas Offices, Warrington, 15th May, 1903,

A. AND J. MIAINE, PAI,NBROKERS. JEWELLERS, ANDi SILVERSMiTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, So.. Sm.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARIA.INS in DIAMOND JEWELLEKY, LADIES and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac, Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds. Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefnlly Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, Act. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S .--,; RICHMOND SrREET, LIVERPOOL. . THE THE EMPIRE TEIE EmPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE FURNISHING CO., THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRIC STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THE C -on -M. MANCHESTER. Busines THE EMP IRE ' s EMPIRE hours, 9 a.m: to 9 p.m. - Saturday 10 THE THE p,m. ; Wednesday 1 p.m. EMPIRE EMPIRE THE Why envy your neighbour's home ? We will make your home easy enough THE EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE on our EMPIRE THE EASY PAY NIENT SYSTENI THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, wb!ch is the EMPIRE THE THE reason of our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE EMPIRE Intending Purchasers wonld do well to THE THE EMPIRE ivspgcr OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE JUDUE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms, which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth: Mon t hl p EMPIRE THE £lO ire. THE EMPIRE £ls THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £EO 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down" by request "at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, 7HE EMPIRE THR Corner of EMPIRE 'Milton Street. THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purcbaser, from districts where this THE EMPIRE (paper is circulated.) EMPIRE

GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY. EPSOM RACES, oisr MONDAY, ?JAY 25T11, CHEAP EXCURSION FO , 5 OR, *3 DAYS TO NOTTINGHAM. LOUGHBORO ' (,PeEsna, RUGBY, AYL cSBUttY. AND LONDON VrYlebone) WILL BE RUN ?ROA ST. HELENS, and 2:•1‘ TUESDAY NIGHT. MAY 26TH CO LONDON for 1 or These trains will call at Haylelk, Aahton-in•Maker Golborne. HT DAYS BOOKING TO LONDON ONLY. 40K ET'S, BILLS, etc., at the Stations and Usual Agents RAPID TRAVEL IN LUXURY. Akoß trip,,-T„JJXPRESS TRAIN IS VEiTIBULED. AND HAS A -0T CAR AVAILABLE FOR IST AND 3an CLASS PASSENGHRS. WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS. 13/Te,A B 0 PROGRAMMES OR HANDBILLS OF FteLnSION AND WEEK-END FACILITIES TO SURF- GRIMSBY. OLICETHORPES, NOTTINGHAM, 487.,,48THR, NORTH•WEST COAST, CROMER, AND ItOlti,„O.9AST. LONDON AND SOUTH COAST, OXFORD, .huW IiftOUTH, SOUTHAMPTON. BouittamouTfi, *la CORNWALL, AND ALL OTHER HOLIDAY 111+8 REACHED BY THE COMPANY'S SYSTEM . ;211 "13BTAINE0 FREE ON APPLIC tTION AT ANY OF 'Ettax.-"111),1NY's STAEIONS, TOWN OFFICES, OR SAII qoisB. Renck FAY, General Manner. +Jester.

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-baud Frirnitore and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, ,tc., warehoused.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINOS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheril &c. BURGLARY& FIDELITY INSURANC::: RAILWAY PASSENGERS' • ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. ..LAIMS PAID 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAL Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented oistricts• AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Kr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nessclitte, Victoria-rd.,Latchtord St Helens Mr. 3. E. LEACH, Hardshaw-strees May dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willows San dbach Fern worth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moorfid House TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. MIMS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established 69 Years, T. CLARKE, STA.TIONEot AND NEWSAGENT, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, A LARGE QUANTITY OF BACK NUMBERS OF CASSELL'S PERIODICALS AT A REMARKABLY LOW PRICE, INSPECIION INVITED. AGENT 'FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

BOARD OF EDUCA'CION. NOTICE IN Tilt.; MATTER OF TFIE BLUE lb COAT CHARITY SCHOOL IN THE BOROUGH OF ,7ARIIINGTON. IN THIC COUNTY OF LANCA.STRR. In r%a Matter of the Charitable Trusts Acts, 18.53 to 1894; and I._ll the matter of t4e Board of Bduattion Act, 1699, an the rsold of Education (Powers) Orders in Council, 1903 to 11/31 DIRECTION of the BOARD OF EDUCATION „OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Trustees of the ;r•Ye-rnentioned Foundation propose to EFFECT A SALE the PROPHET). MENTIONHD in the SCHRDULB for a -1• 4 of £7,250. obj-etion or suggestion relative to Ors proposei Bale ii,t:3• ? be transmitted to the Board in writing, within 15 days stattrl the first publEtation of this Notice, addressed to " The 11,14,”,4r31, Boara of Haucation. South Kensington, London, bated 18th May, 1903. W. N. BRUCE, Assistant Secretary. • PAD,' POHEDULE. Containing 375. Or. 26p. or thereabouts, with the of UUftdtngs thereon, situate at Orford, in the Township ti4arringtos. contsining sa. 3r. 29p. or thereat) mts, with the gli"'„rY and mes,uage thereon, and situate adj Ailing the arrti

iE—R.POOL4 A N 1) NORTH WALES.—REGULAR 44".mAILY SAILINGS (Suniays included). By paddle- Ptlijr," " Snowdon," daily until May 27th. leaving tip 7', Landing Stage (weather and circumstances permit- 1104C, at 10-45 am, for Llandudno and Beaurnaris, allowing 3 ors ashore at Llandudno, and due back about 715 p.m. hot: and after 28th St. Tudno daily at 10.45 a.m. to and eke, Llandudno, Btaumaris, Bangor and Menai Bridge. TV increased sailing* for Whitsuntide Holidays Ist 8";,a7 or Week-end fares. Llandudno Beaumarie• 644 !Con Return ss. 6s. 6d. p --''ooll Return ttirtZ Particulars as to Rates for Season Tickets and all information apply to the Liverpool'and North Wales ..!trZiltiP Company, Ltd., T G Brew, Secretary, 40, Chapel !-Averpool. Tel. No. 6366.

Mutation'. rT PHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING SCHOI)L FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D S RENNARD. B.A.

WARWICK HOUSB SCHOOL. Poulton-le-Fyle. Black- pool ; excellent education; happy home; sea and country air.—Princinal, Miss RoGRRSoN

A BOARDING SCHOOL FOR ROYS ; beautiful country. —Write to-day for Illustrated ProspActm, S hCR ETA.R Y. Walsall Commercial College, Walsall, Staffordshire.

SHOPPING BY POST SAVES YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Send to day for Patterns and Self-measurement forms of WONDERFUL SUITS (Serges & Tweeds) made to measure at 25/- 17s. 6d., 21s. Sd., and 255. 6cl. BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. No risk. Fit guaranteed. Money returned if not as adver- tised. We pay carriage to your door. EDWARD GROVE. 37.41 Lower Marsh, LONDON, S.E. Established 70 years.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL., SOUTH PO ca. V A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., n.c.L., Prineipßl.

t.,.. THROUGH LARK-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. f ;‘ Express Service Daily (Snndays excepted) commencing May 29th. BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 215 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 a.m. u.Train I . ,tt conruction with steam.r leaves Warrington vta fak°la at 9,53 a.m. Special. "e*P return fares from Warrington : Vlrst class and Saloon 24$ Od ) Trains run Third class and Saleon its 6d ,- alongside til.!hird class ana Fore Cabirills 6d 1 bteamers. tor ~Rn,CIAL NOTICE.—CIROULAR TOUR Tickets available Itp,,,tang via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet. vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares:— First-class and Saloon l9s 6d Third-class and Saloon.. l4s Od . his- Third-class and Fore Cabin 10s Od ths Jonrney may be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for bolt Lakes). Furness Abbey or Barrow. IMPORTANT CIF I9ll.—The magnificent express steamers " DUCHESS 111110 ZfVONSHIRE "and " DUCHESS OF 13UCOLEUCH " on tha service during the season. Tourist note book *----......1TL ±t_MES LITTLE 6; CO., Barrow. ALLAZt Lli K.--1 0 C2OAI.)A, UIS 'MD '.I:2ITES, EWER PLATE. AND INDIA. l'Alta. ._ SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 40KIAN ..... ... ...Quebec and Montreal May 21 l'Fli°P CALCUTTA Calcutta May 21 itv, trwhuVihN St. Johns N.F. & Halifax May 23 110.-4RIAN Montevideo and Buenos Ayres May 25 r AR, ,oeu..AN Quebec and Montreal May 28 YHII-Istt RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £lO. Second 41•E"71133'47 108. ; Third Class a ICs. To India, £37 10s.and F • 114°, filll rarticulars apply to ALLAN OF7lCE9,lo3,Leadellhali eZt, London. R.c, and 19. James-street, Liverpool. oi ,

MRI FRED PO DNIORE. PROFESSOR OF ISlU‘'oe, RECIIIVhS PUPILS ou piano and organ. Cf.ntral room, Reduced terms for Juniors. Open for engagements. —Apply 32, LovEr,T•LANE, Warrington.

re tat) to NI! izevse MISRSi BlJRCwiliAl,LonLy(altatetne.,Atrseseitri:nritr,eopaf Pupils for Pianoforte. Violin,Yand Theory.—For terms apply Bruche House, 320, Manchester—road, Warrington.

BE SMART. BE CLEAN. V7R DYE OR DRY-r:LRet.N DRESSF:S, SUITS. CURTAINS, DRAPERIES, &C. AT !SMALL COST AND DO THEM WELL. GOODS RETURNED (CARRIAGE PAID) IN A FEW DAYS. WHITE FOR PRICE AND COLOUR LIST. DEPT. X, GREENHALGIVS, LTD., DYERS, BURNLEY.

3 0 T A WATCHESSC }E m 0 GIVEN, AAAJ wH H , —DU RIANvGB GI 4i1.41 AWAY OVER 3.000 WATCHES to advertise our goods, and we are now prepared to give away a still larger number to gain &be goodwill of the puhlic and increase our trade. If you can solve the puzzle given in this Advertise. ment. and will carry out our simpte conditions in accord- ance with the marvellous offer, A SOLID SILVER WATCH (ladies' or gents. style), will be Pent to you by registered post, carefully packed, and entirely free of charge. These watches are fitted in solid ',liver cases, with specially examined movement, and are guaranteed to keep good time and wear for five years. In the central square of the diagram we have placed the figum 5. Arrange the 5 figurea I, 2,3, 4. 6, 7. 8, and 9 in the remaining squares in such a manner that the columns will add 1.5 up and Sown, across, and diagonally from corner to corner. Write your solution on a plain sheet of paper, with your bathe and address clearly written underneath, Enclose your solution to us with an hddressed envelope bearing Id. stamp, so that we may send you our marvellous offer if you are correct.—ADDRESS, DR PARTMEN P. 236, THE LEVER WATCH ALLIANCE, 3. RED LION COURT, FLEET STREET, LONDON, B.C.

VAIRRAVEN HiGa SCHOOL FOR GIRLS I. near St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing position.seaside.extensive accommt nation Nigh-elms Modern Education. Staff includes Residen,E.A. Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal: MISS IittILLI4 N.

HI ARROGATE.—TRINITY COLLEGTO.—Hes4 Master, Mr P HUGHES. assisted by resident University men and visiting masters. Fine situltion. modern aoplianbcs, cricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good results in aillExsmlnations.

ivni. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music. Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTRI4- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Laege three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LINE Warrington.

SOUTHPORT MODfCRN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICE NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTML—J. C. UNDERWOOD, AC.?., F.R.D.S. NEW }NSW E NCR for BOARDERS recently* opened. TELE SOU'IMPORT VISITER cave: " The School is now undcubtedly one of the very best of its class i Southport."

SPECTACLES RUIN THE SIGHT! ! ! WHEN INCORRECTLY ADAPTED. BEFORE WEARING GLASSES!, CALL AT NEUBERT'S ESTABLISHMENT YOUR SIGHT WILL BE CAREFULLY TED. AD ALL ADVICE GIVEN. FRU: OF CFIARGE. GT.Aesp.l3 ORDERED ONLY WHEN NECESSARY. SPECTACLES AT MODERATE PRICES.; SEE TErrimoriist.s. F. A. NEUBERT, F.S.M C. CONSULTING oPrtoucl. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOM. 72, SANKBY.SfREET, WARRINGTON. AND AT SOVTHp RT.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S -TN K S -Pf:l •••.?.• • (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGEJ IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITa LIP. ALWAYS FLUID I NEVER FADE! had vitilesale from SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON

GOLF TENNIS. TENNIS. TENNIS. TENNIS. TENNIS. TENNIS CRICKET GOLF CRICKET GOLF LARGEST STOCK IN THE DISTRICT TO SELECT FROM CRICKET GOLF J. S. GARLAND, CRICKET GOLF COMPLETE SPORTS OUTFITTER, AND IRONMONGER, CRICKET GOLF 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. CRICKET GOLF CR ICKET SPECIAL TERMS TO CLUBS. GOLF CRICKET G OLF CROQUET. CROQUET. CROQUET. CROQUET. CROQUET. CROQUET. CRICKET

WILCOCK & SADLEP, (LATE WITH MESSRS. J. & W. DUTTON). UNION BANK BUILDINGS, TOP OF CAIRO STREET, 4 WARRINGTON. THE PREMISES BEING SITUATED ONLY A FEW YARDS OFF SANKEY STREET THERE IS A CLEAR SAVING IN RENT OF ENO A YEAR, ENABLING US TO OFFER A RELIABLE ARTICLE AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. TAPESTRY CARPET SQUARES FROM 16/6 EACH. REVERSIBLE ART SQUARES FROM 22/6 EACH. BEST BRUSSELS SQUARES FROM 49/6 EACH. RICH AXMINSTER SQUARES FROM 75/- EACH. INLAID LINOLEUM - - AT 2/6 & 3/- THE SQUARE YARD. CORK LINO - - - - - 1/6 THE SQUARE YARD. , FLOOR OILCLOTH 2 YARDS WIDE - - I/I r THE FULL WIDTH. LACE cuirrAiNs - - - - - FROM 2/II THE PAIR. FIRE SCREENS - - - - - - FRoli EACH. A SPLENDID SELECTION OF BOUSEHOLD DRAPERY CONSISTING OF COUNTERPANES. SHEETS, TABLE CLOTHS, GLASS CLOTHS, &c., KEPT IN STOCK HEMMED READY FOR USE.

SAM. N GREEN, IRONMONGER, AMMUNITION DEALER, THE SPOT SHOP,' FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON. NOBEL'S BALLASTITE AND'IEMPIRE CELEBRATED CARTRIDGES. NURSERY TIRE-GUARDS, FARM TOOLS, GARDEN TOOLSIFENCINU WIRE, WIREINETTING. VARIETY AND YALUERINEXCELLED.

Li PP PIANOS. TO-DAY THE " LIFE" IS A MUCH MORE POPULAR PIANO TH&N THAT SOLD BY ANY OTHER rommar MAKERS IN THIS COUNTRY,SOME OF WHOM HAVE BEEN ESTABLISHED IN ENGLAND FOR 20 08 30 YEARS. CATALOGUES FREE FROM THE SOLE AGENT. B. WADs w 0 Fall, 59, SANK EY ST., IV ARRINGTON.

PURE CEYLON TEA. IMPORTED DIRECT FROM GROWER IN CEYLON. THE ONE-PROFIT TEA. SATE INTERMEDICTE PROFITS BY PURCHASLNG YOUR T‘:Aa FROM JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY STRRRT, WARRINGTON.

G. AND J. WEAVER 88, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS A.NTIQUE: FURNITURE DEALERS, ETC., SOUND AND RELIABLE FURNITURE AT REASONABLE PRICES. REMOVAL CONTRACTORS ' BY ROAD ?AND: RAIL 'I ALL IPARTSCOF :TOWN AND COUNTRY. WAREHOUSE AT: D WORKS: FRIARS GREEN TELEPHONIi NO. 357 Y.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, 'BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LAMEST BOOT Vti'AREHOUr, E IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING :SHOES. DIM ENSE (". VARIETY. UNDER !: THE CLOCK.

Oloneu. 2950,000 ATn Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowers in any pa:ts of the cquntry.—J. W. READER, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

IJFONRY UNDER WILLS OR DEBI/S.—Persona entitled to Cash or Property at death of relatives, or to Life Incomeccan borrow at 4 per cent. per annum,or Me VirrlE,42, John Dalton-street. Manchester.

EXPECTATIONS UNDER YitlLLS.—Persons entitled to money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount. from £4 P.C. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preferred, loan and interest repayable when legacies are paid. No preliminary charges.—Apply MR, PEEL, The Arcade, 85 Lord-street, Liverpool.

DON'T BURROW IN YOUR OWN TOWN where you and the lender are well known. THE BRITISH FINANCE CO..which is expressly established,and registered pursuant to Act of Parliament. makes YRIVATE ADVANCES to male and female without Loan Office Routine. Interest and repayments Lowest in England. £5 LOAN 2s WEEKLY £2O LOAN tis WEEKLY RIO ~ £ls ~ ~ Monthly and quarterly payments taken. Letters answered and cash brought to your house.—BßlTlsll FINANCE CO., 45a, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER.

ESTABLISHED 1875. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner In which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. KING—STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13, NEWGATE-STREET. CH ESTER.

M. C. D. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT SPRING SHOW OF NEW SUITS, LARGER VARIETY THAN EVER. MENS,' YOUTHS'. AND BOYS' 'SUITS, READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. 8 & 10 HORSEMARKET Sr. WARRINGTON.

1.4".tt0 .E. 3 AND UP W &Kim. DON 1: FAIL TO _11: GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE ,YOURSELVES THATiMES IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable la 6d weekly £2O repayable 75 6d weekly. £5 „ 25 Od „ £5O „ 17s 6d „ £lO „ 35 6d „ £lOO „ 39a63 .. For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS Apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Mies COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Honts, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE VD RD TO.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W NICHES. (DT ALL TUE LEADI3O MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EFERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PUB CBNT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS PRICES. Old -old and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. fdotey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. MAL

TO FINES.-NO SURETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tradespeople, farmers Am, for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonable interest AND EASY REPA.Y si &NIS TO SUIT EVERYBODY DISTANCE NO OBJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFoRwARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNowN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to H. WOLFE & CO., 4. PARKER ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours; 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to. Head Office 9, CloßPonaTzoN eT, MANCHESTER.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, BoLD-sTrizia, LIVERPOOL, FBAMn MARBE AND PRINT BBLLBR. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ko. Terms Moderate. A FINd COLLBCTION OF PRO rOGRAPHS for Crystals= and Panel Painting. CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. crYvot slso Copies of Piotures in the Continental Galleries.

OUR MOTTO Is PRIVACY AND LENIENCY. WE ARE WILLING To PROve TJ YOU THAT WE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH A LOAN AT A LOWER RkTE OF INTEREST THAN ANY OTHER OFFICE IN THE DISTRICT. APPLY AT ONCE TO 969 HAYDOCK ST., EARLESTOWN # AND 1, EAST STRBKT, ST. HELENS: ESTABLISHED LA6T CENTURY.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O. £50,-.CIOO. • A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect able Householders, on their own security. without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRRELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS,. WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

TI NION CREDIT BANK, LI NI (TED- Established 1838. Registered Capital £100,030. HRAD OFFICH 38, RENIRA.IV-STREET, LIVERPO3L, Advances made from £3 to £5,900 upon personal security, Deeds, Bhares, Policies. Reversions, Annuities, ttc. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. lintire interest...£o 14s 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ £3 8s Od. £lO3 „ 40s. „ ;, £6 15s Od, Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed perlode. ,Itocks and shares bought and sold. —Further particulars on application, personally or by letter 'Te1.'.5438 Liverpool. RICHARD utylks, Manager.

MO FINES.—NO SURETIES I. 1 £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, profess' hats, tradespeople, farmers &c., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonablelinterest AND EASY REPAYMENTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to ti. WOLFE 4: Co., 4 PAILKIItt-ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours 9 a.m to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended. to.

THE WIDNES INVESTMSNT AND BANKING COMPANY. LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD. WI ONES. lISTABLISHED 1837 AND INCOAPJRITED UNDER TRE CoMPANIES. ACTI 1833 AND 189 i. AUTHORIZRD CAPITAL £.5,03. LOAtiS OF £5 TO £5OO are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal recurit v with one or more guarantors, aclording to the amount required, and the p.mition of the applicant. Also upon Deeds of Property, Building ao3letv Policies ut Ass =ince, &a, FOR FU'(TI-lI PARTICULA RS APPLY TO Tau MANA.GIitt. Agent for Warrington : Mr. JOSEPH WADSWORTH. 121, Mersey Street.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHAR(i6u, MONEY LEM PRIVATELY In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The nndersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS, and hiss formed a very largo connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone the total amount lent by him EXCEEDED £1,250,000! He has received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICIT3D LETTERS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHARaII, on application, either personal or by letter, to : GEORGIt PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS. 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO IRE I{EID OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-,,TREET.MANCIIESIIKR

Hteend Workers !II till, and Hand Workers alike find that they can 11111 accomplish more when they use 1 li ii - -• --:_--„t: 10... 4P• ~. z; .... , , , , 5.1!. .:'''' ! '.. ' 4 - 4. , '' ‘4401, „ ; i ...', • A ~ . , Pure-R., ..-, ~,it. d..,-', ...--.,...... .. 111,,, ...,,,, 11113- Soluble ,p,"_-. ›.• p• •••:- „..: v.,• , ...ij: '7l, 11,0 e ... . r 14 11 I I I It not only builds up the body, but supplies 0 I strength, energy and vigour for the day's work. 1 r 1 iL ~-..---.._.. E,

PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY ETC. TO BENEFIT BENEFIT GREATLY ------ ------- FU S H pII, Q. /liti.„ ~.., ‘,......‘,..„ 1 044, Established 1815. MANCHESTER 1 , PITTB'SF FURNISHING GprVe SnowsEeta now Artistic Boo , To SAVE HALF usual expenditure Post Free I Easy payments 10 per cent. Extra. LONDON ROAD & GAYTHORN -----------,----

e • e III:[.C• • 15 (45 • 111•11111,41,0"41111 0

PITTs'S PEERLKSS HOUSES OF FUKLIITURE at 15i, 221, ?.81, 38}, 50. 75, 100, 20), up to • 1,(1,0 guineas have been pronounce i by practical peopic the PINNACLE OF PERE BCTION. Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, their beauty and value, are apparent ta casual inspection, which closer examination and wear only confirm. Mull particulars free. . PITIS'S DISPLAY OF BARGAINS Is' certainly unequalled in the provinces. The following are a fair sample all in really excellent conditiom : 04 HALL FURNITURE consists of Mahogany ILt stand, tvcs (Theirs, Side Tables, Linoleum, two Wool Rugs, three Cocoa Mats, Stair and Lobby Carpet ; lot cost £24 ; for ...21. DI NING-ROO 34 .—Grand Suite, American - Walnut, upholstered in first-class manner, and covered with real leather; cost £47, for £22. Dining Table to match. nl4llsiVd and bold ; cost £7 16s, for £3 10s. Magnificent Sideboard. really worth £5O, for £2l. Table fur window recess, cost £i. for £2 10s. Ovcrmantel, cost £6, for £3. Real five-frame Brussels Carpet. cost £9. for £4. Real skin ring for 21s. Bronze Timepirice and Figures, £4 45., cost double. Brad Fender, Fire Brasses. Fire Dogs, cost £5 for £2 be., Tye!, Vasas, 355, Coal Vase, 18s. 64. DR aWIf4O-ROOM.--Exquisite Suite, 'Chippendale style. artistic, covered in rich tapestry ; cost £5O, for £2l Table to match, coat £4 10s, for £2, Elegant Cabinet. cost £4O. for £l7. Music Cabinet, 22. Card table, £1 la. Over' mat tel. cost £7. for 23 3s. Velvet Pile Carpet, 25 10s; cost double. Skin Rugs, Us ald Bs. Brtss ?en ter art i Fire, Brasses cost £5, for £22s, Tiled Hearth, fitted complete. MORNING-ROOM, in real saddlebags, mounted with rich Utreeht Velvet, comprises luxurious Couch, Rasy Chairs. and set of small Chairs, Extending Table, Cheffunier, Over- mantel, Carpet.( Fender, Brasses, complete ; coat £55. for £23. . BEaT BEDROOM.--Splendid Suite in American Ss :Unlit, large Wardrobe, bevelled plate-glass, excs: Coast conven- iences ; large Dressing Table with bevellea plate, Wasiistand with marble top, Pedestal, and four chairs; cost £75, for £35.i Massive All• Brass Bedstetd. with Spring Mattress. new Bed. Boisfer, and Pillows ; cost £l6, for £8 10s, Toilet Service, 15s. 64. Carpet, Hearthrug, and Fender ; cost £5. for 355. THE THREE OTHER BEDROOMS similarly furnished in OhlopendalMahogany, Satin Walnut, and Decorated. Also KITCHBW,UHNITU RE complete. SAMUEL Pal's, MANCHESTER. LONDON ROAD (A.rdwick and Loagsight Oars). GAYTHORN (all City Road Cars pass the dogr). - Established 184 i, National Telepharte 11.24. —_ CHARLES WOLF'S Gents' Solid Gold Alberts - from 25/- each. Warranted. Engagement 'Se Wedding Rings' A SPECIALITY. WHEN IN LIVERPOOL VISIT CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Watchmaker & Diamond Merchant, ONLY ADDRESS: 10, RENSHAW • STREET, LIVERPOOL. :NES -...- .. _ / ,\ , ~,,..0-4P-• •.. - ...„,..,' 4 '. •,,,,,--- --,,..,:fic' v„.01, „,,,,..„5-....:,-;•,-,-, ~ ~-,7-,p.-.7., x,200 --,,,,,,.,-4, .- •

THIS IS NOT A PUZZLE: WHAT IS IT? i LCRIC!(ETU (111ICKBTBRS will be glad to know that GEO. G. BUBSET Yon have two minutes to spare, haven't you? Of V Aim Co's Catalogue is out and may be obtained !row course. You are not in a hurry to catch a train, or pay Spots Dealers. This Manufacturing Firm is always bent a bill? Well, then, answer us this question: Whet on improvements. Their new Compouud Ball "POLLOID • is the leading sign of a condition of things in your body the firare- is the most perfect resemblance to the leather Match 13,l which, if not soon corrected, leads straight to, that has been iroduced, costing under half the price. For , Lealing Clubs G. G. B. & Co.'s " lex yard; and. yet none but healthy persons ever have it, and paramount. over all Cricket Balls. (61)Dup Covar 'I reigns they have it erery day? You will scfatch your head for hours before you bit upon the true answer. and yet. it is simple as simple can ' be. Come to think, you had better read this article straight through, and perhaps the truth will dawn on your mind without our being obliged to tell you outright. Let us then get at it gradually through listening to the tale of a person who once had a very unhappy bit of experience. Off and on, for twelve years, this lady suffered in- tense pain in the chest, accompanied often with a feel- ing of sinking in the pit of the stomach, at times so un- bearable that she would roll on the floor in agony. Even when free from pain, which was not often, she scarcely dared venture out of doors for fear of falling—her head wont so dizzy and her legs felt so useless. The feeling she would never get better made her terribly low and depressed. She was a wife and the mother of nine children, which made this calamity all the more serious. Dear,dear, what terrible tumbles we take sonietimes,don't we? To-day on the hill-top viewing our farm; -to- morrow asking employment from its new owner. So life goes. This lady's experience was by no means un- common, nor was it all cloud and no sunshine, as we shall presently see. But first, let us finish her story.. She felt hungry but could not eat. Her tongue was furred and there was a nasty taste ever present in her mouth. A persistent hacking cough shook her from head to toot. Though constantly under medical treatment, she experienced no benefit, until on the advice of a neigh- bour she bought a bottle of Mother Seigel's Syrup. This Hufliced to relieve the pain and perseverance in its use effected a complete cure. Writing from her home in New-street, Ridley, Rent, she says : "I feel better now tan I have done for eighteen years. I relish my food, sleep well and feel well. After twelve years of pain, Mother Seigel's Syrup cured me when everything else failed. I have a family of nine children and attribute their freedom from sickness to the fact that I occasionally give them a dose of Mother Seigel's Syrup. (Signed) (Mrs.) Sarah Banks." Now, what is it, in your body which, if not soon corrected, leads to death,—a symptom which none but healthy persons ever have, and they have it every day? Why, hunger, to be sure. Unsatisfied hunger means starration, and in the end a// lingering diseases kill by starvation. Eat and digest and you live, and arelealthy. Lose your appetite and digestion and your death-warrant is signed. Mrs. Banks' trouble began in the mere loss of appetite. When digestion and appetite fail, the wisest course is to restore tone to the stomach and blood by the use of the root and herb tonic which made Mrs. Banks feel better than she had done for eighteen years..

'fRPNKSUGG

SPECIAL CRICKET OUTFIT, Direct from, Maker to Wearer.

A B TROUBERS, Style and Fit guaranteed. Flannel 6/6 per pair Flannel Cloth .. 7/9 , Real Twill Flannel .. 10/6 „ ( County Doeskin— Worn by County Cricketers, 151- „ I For Measure send Size A to B, C to D and 13 to F.

, SHIRTS. 'N Flannelette :. . • .. 119 Real Flannel .. .. .. 4/6 Oatmeal Cloth .. .. 2/6 - Best Matting . . .. 4/6 County Oxford Shirt .. 6/6 f For Measure send Size of Collar ___- worn.

' CRICKET BATS. Slogger," 6/3. "Klynker," 7/6. "Don," 10/6. " Suggcess," 12/6. Ranji (pat.)ls/-, 17/6. Lancashire Witch,l7/6 (patent). " Bounderie," 21/-

- ' Running Pumps ' .4'. . . 4/9, 6/6 Proctor's best, 8/9 —.. Running Vests— PROCTORs Satteen - -10 d, 1/3, 1/6 0 Tight-fitting Merino . 1/6, 2/- Running Drawers - - lOid, 1/6, 2/- Fine Satteen in all color&

f A ft -8 I 1 e ..., 4 ............_.........._ et L' For INFANTS, v) r o' 1; INVALIDS, and the. AGED. ?) A Fe: -. F G The Lancet describes it as , t "Mr. Benger's admirable pre- . t paration." The British Medicaljournal 4,... says: " Benger's Food has by 14• ,q. -7 excellence established a repu- tation of its own." , ill , No 1 further testimony is ° 5, ..% 0, necessary. ~ ! g,31,1 , , B.ENGER.'S ro o n 4,v''; 1, 40 . is sold in Tins !, , by Chemists, ac., , everywhere- k :14.t.ct AvpvtAleputvovegemti.rAmot,22

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. TORTURING Resignation of the Master and Matrop.. DISFIGURING > , A meeting of this Board was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr. A. Brooks presided and there were also present:—Mr. J.W. linowles (vice-chairman), Mrs. Clay, Rey. Father Wil- son, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, G. Pilling, J. Binge, J. Pay- Skins Scalp and Blood ton. J. Clarke, T. H. Ashcroft, W. Houghton, J.Turto'n, Backhonse, G. Mat her, T. Ritchie, with J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), A. Wright (superin- tendent Padgate School.) Rumours A GRATUITY TO ,THE MASTER. The House Committee recommended that any future ' vacancies in the assistant nursing staff be filled by the appointment of probationer nurses. The Master was Speedily Cured by Cuticura empowered by the committee to engage two or three additional probationer nurses on the usual terms. An application WfiS made by the Master for an allowance for • extra services including the preparationof plans,laying out Soap, Ointment and Pills the grounds. tne improvement of the house and hospital yards, and in drawing up specifications for the same during the past 13 months, and it was agreed to give him ;0 guineas. The Master reported that he had em- When the Best Physicians and ployed Olivia Potts as probationer nurse at a salary of £l2 for the first year, ,Cl 6 for the second year; £2O for the third year, with uniform, rations and washing, con- All Else Fail. ditionally that she served three months probation, and if satisfactory, to sign an agreement for three years' service. The committee desired to place on record their regret at the resignation of Mr.tuad Mrs. Gate and their The agonizing itching and burning appreciation of the admirable manner in which they have • discharged their duties. It was resolved that the Master of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful be empowered to allow inmates to attend St. Paul's I scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair Caurch for the purpose of taking Holy Communion.— and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled It was recommended that the salary Of Charge Nurse Bray and of Charge Nurse Simrnonds be increased from head; the facial disfigurements, as in £3O to £32 10s. each perannum, that the salary of Nurse pimples and ringworm; the awful suf- Perry be increased from £25 to £27 10s.; and that the fering of infants, and anxiety of worn- Niaster be empowered to engage a temporary nurse in out parents, as in milk crust, tetter and place of Miss Rogers, resigned. It was reported that salt rheum,— all demand a remedy of there were 44 more cases in the hospital compared with almost superhuman virtues to success- the corresponding period of last year; also that there were 44 children in the house compared with 25 a year fully cope with them. That Cuticura. ago.—Mr. Pilling, Mr. A. J. Jolley, and Mrs. Clay were Soap, Ointment and Pills are such appointed a sub-committee to inquire intg the hospital stands proven beyond all doubt. No accommodatiOn and to suggest a re-arrangement of the statement is made regarding them that beds in the wards. As a result of their inquiries it was is not justified by the strongest evi- decided to purchase six additional beds. deuce. The purity atid sweetness, the In a letter to the Clerk, tendering their res;gnations, power to afford immediate relief, the Mr. and Mrs. Gate thanked him for his kindness and certainty of speedy and permanent courtesy at all times. Mr. GEORGE PILLING, in moving the confirmation of cure, the absolute safety and great the minutes, referred to the increase of salaries to the economy have made them the standard nurses, and pointed out that nurses were in seine cases skin cures, blood purifiers and.humour receiving as -much as £4O at the present time, and remedies of the civilized world. many of them were getting £35. The nurses whose Bathe the affected parts with hot salaries it was now proposed to increase to £32 10s. had water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the been with them for some time. He would have liked to surface of crusts and scales, and soften see the salaries increased to =, as he believed they the thickened cuticle. . Dry, without had two capital nurses in Nurse Bray and Nurse Simmonds. In future they proposed to train up their hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Oint- own nurses and they would fill up any future vacancy in ment freely, to allay itching, irritation the assistant nursing staff by the appointment of pro- and inflammation, and soothe and heal, bationer nurses. With regard to the resignation of the and, lastly, take the Cuticura Resolvent Master and Matron, he was sure they were all very Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood. sorry to lose their services. During the comparatively This complete treatment, costing but short time they had been in the service of the Board 4s. 9d., affords instant relief, per- they had put the establishment in thorough working mits rest and sleep in the severest order and the improvements made were such as to make it a pleasure to show Guardians round the Workhouse. forms of eczema and other Itching, (Hear, hear.) Mr. and Mrs. Gate I understood the right burning and scaly humours of the skin, way to conduct the house and grounds. If he had had I scalp and blood, and points to a speedy, his way he would have increased the gratuity to a much permanent and economical cure when larger amount as he believed Mr. Gate had saved the all other remedies and the best physi- Guardians hundreds of pounds by his efficient manage- clans fail. ment and getting out specifications andattending to the I work. The Rev. FaTtuat Wtt.soN seconded the adoption of the -nintites. Mr. j. W. KNOWLES: Why is the master going. If it a, question of salary ? Mr. PILLING : No. The Matron has not enjoyed very good health since she came to Warrington. Mrs. CLAY said .she made inquiries and was assured that it was not a question of salary that had led the Master and Matron to leave them. 3lr. KNOWLES: No question of salary would have stood infmy way is we could have retained tlni Master and Matron. Mr. PILLING : It, wasn't a question of salary. Mr. KNOWLES : When does this resignation termin- ate ? Mr. PILLING : Not nntia the first week in July. The work which is in hand will be finished by that time. It will also be the end of the Board's hale year and Mr. Gate will see that all the books and accounts are straight before he leartes. The CHAIRMAN : The Master has decided to stay three weeks after the termination of his notice in order that he may finish the work in hand before he leaves. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. J. JOLLEY, in referring to the proposal to employ a number of probationer nurses, said the com- mittee were. about to take advantage -of the valuable services of the admirable officer the Board had in the superintendent nurse under whose auspices they had seen considerable reforms in the hospital—reforms that they had every reason to believe would lead to the treatment of the sick poor being materially improved and which woUld be effected by. an absolute saving in money. From the figures given in the Master's report it would be seen that the numbers in the hospital were much larger than formerly. It went to prove that a. number of poor people who used to have a great preju- dice against entering the institution were now coming in and getting ths benefit of it. That in itself was a ' great gain. With reference to the resignation of the Master and Matron, he would suggest that the House Committee be empowered by the Board to make the preliminary arrangements with a view of having three of the best candidates brought before the Board for the final appointment. Mr. KNOWLES thought it an excellent suggestion. The minutes were agreed to, and it was decided that the Board should refer to the House Committee the examination of the applications and the selection of candidates as well as the visitation of any of the Work- houses that might be thought desirableat which favour- al le applicants might be employed. The final selection will rest with the Board at the next monthly meeting. . ANOTHER LOAN. The CLF.RK read a letter from the secretary of the Public Works Loan Board, granting a loan not exceed- .£2,22s, repayable in 25 years, with interest at per ,cent, per annum. '['he loan is in connection with the alterations at the Workhouse including the provision of a laundry. The Board then rose

ILAIIIrI rs YWEAT E ' IVI E. rt rx _ - ..., • •• ~. ...,.,,,...,,,,„ .4,.. o . . tit.), A ‘ i , • 0 ' ""-, • ,Avl,' ' 4 .„--.; ~,„i ~,,,,,„,,,,,,,,i, , --;:1/4,.- - - p-t.,---;,,A e...„-.-='. 4 --- :Q,',-.1R ~,,,„,,„ :,...„06 ""1/4., -••••,.4. \ ../A7.1. . ..11- C ‘‘7u.,-$- ..; 'G • ,%%--,---, ~ -- _ -, -.1 ~-, ' • , - ~ •, -- -10.1.• ;v.:: ; . ~ , ~...1,, -.- ,;.. „, ,•' vs ",t` • ~02,11 - r ~. 1 • ..-' -'''' r. 6A., ON .4,..: • T , 4A— . 3 L, , I,V r. jii ,/,../. A GI ~.,Ev‘ a/gO Z ~. .. , , . 1 • ~, , ? -., ."_. . ~,, ' V , fi SS-II Etttigo•ln i, -----,, Every Woman is interested and should know . , . - Z*--•-.. *l-• - \ ali,ut the wonderful 'Z'l/4..: tf, MARVEL WHIRLING \,, .....\ i. SPRAY. Ask your Chemist for - /Of it. If he cannot the Marvel acceptsupply no other / but send stampfor book giving / full particulars and directions invaluable to ladies. MARVEL CO., • jPatented.)Mll Dept. 143,11, Queen Victoria Street, London, E.G.

SUIT, I 3 3. I. pr w33k. c • • s For 52. down. and 7 montbly ~ payments of 54. each, milcing a '! total af 40s. tor a suit your local I tailor would charge you 60,. for ,7 1 you can have our vr,ll-known / a /H CORONATIONUSERGE In Blue. Black, or Greys. Send tc-day for patterns and self measurement forms, to C. E. WRIGHT and C), 649, Attercliffe-rd., ShefE3lo. , Carriage paid on all orders. w, guarantee all goods to tit, too . smart, and well-made. Please mention this paper.

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-F4MED Bion r THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who tray received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blcod, Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and cleart the Hood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes an further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tc ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend if o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities, fro:, whatever cerise arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, okiri and Blooe Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its elect: are :nary Mous. It is the only real specific for Gout alio ft Ileums :lc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and b tries. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. atm 11a. torch of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- iirietiirs. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIBVDRUG Cf)MIAN sOOLN. Beware nf worthless imitietions. MOLES. FA a EELTABcTILSLTEEcWARcIaRs. Wanted to Buy .10,000 Mole Skin, Angil.tug C. Edward. ,t Son, Praetival Furriers, Hereford, are buyer, of any quantity of Sound Skin.. Higlie.t Frieso given. Particulars on application. A F and 343 11:4 k g _ • T' 4i , / - - jc. • Constructed '• . movements ok, various t- -4'l? I.IIA Ohl o• f

• RD'S CUSTARD A Lig:11)1(NY POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure. Nutritious, and easily digested. Eggs often disagree; BIRD'S CUSTARD never. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavor and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ENS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

!A EP ,o I i atcy cdyM. MITCHELL'S BONELESS 3, Pressed . COOKED - Bacon and RtaDT TOR Tantr. From all Grocers, or :t sample, (4 lb.) direct carriage paid for 3s. (td. Postal Order. MITCHELLS, Ltd.. 8, 'Victoria Street. Liverpool.

CATALOGUES also BOOKLETS FREE from the undermentioned: Alarringtoq, T. Daintith, Bridge St. grewe, F. Wooldridge, High St. IKqutsford, J. Crice, Princes St. I,Vinsford. Stubbs & Rogerson,lfigh 'Altrincnarn,J. Richardson,Market St

SCARBO.O.—OLAKIIIIOR BOAKIANU ROUSH, Popular .0 Tariff 6s 6d to 6,6 d per day; excellent table.—J. TATE, 10 Blenheim street.

T LANDUDNO. Lyndhurst Boarding listablishment -LA (under new mana4ement) ; delightfutly sic,uated close to sea, pier, places of aaiusement.—Pe.eticulars, apply Miss Ja.rivis.

T I.49.IcIDUDNO.—West End BOAUDINC+ itSTABLISH- MNT. Bright and Inmelike. Charmingly situated. Close to beach. pavilion and pier. Highly recommended. Moderate terms.—M GUAGE,

DOUCILAS IiMPIRR BOARDING ROUSH, Castle Mona Central Promenade; close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; tram passes door ; terms ss. 6d. to 64. per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proorietress.

LIDINBU fiGH.—ROBINSON'S Popular THMPERANO aurims, 31. Lothian road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandwick Place, both near the famous Princess street. Bach Hotel under go-ahead Rochdale management.—Address ROBINSON, to ths Lothian Road Hotel, and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

BOULOGNE-ML-SIUlt. TESIPLE'S private hotel. Beautifully situated opposite picturesque ramparts and gardens. Good class Engli.n and American house. English sanitary arrangements, bathrooms, smoking room. Good cuisine, separate tables, electric light throughout. Special terms for families. Write for tariff.

LONDON. W ILD'S TE3I•PERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & It, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABERYST WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 2t guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from 59. Table d'Hote at 6.50 o'clock. For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

S OUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

WHEN AT INrEW BRIGHTON CALL AT BERESFORD'S DINING ROOMS 24, VICTORIA ROAD 24, GOOD FOOD & MODERATE CHARGES A SPECIALITY. COMBINED WITH CLEANLINESS. PIC-NIC PARTIES CATERED FOR ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

Ipartinent% furnObtb 30.0u5t5, dr

LANDUDNO.—Mrs. WILLIAM JONBS, 6 South Parade .LI (aea view), home comforts and good cooking. \ls ORBCAMBB. —APAKTIIIHNTS, or To Let Furnished ; A3l one minute from sea.-10, GRAFTON TERRACE, W.E. 1001JILN1 AdOUTI{ . KNYVBTON HALL.— Board residence 1..) or furnished apartments, south aspect, bathroom.

42 WATERLOO ROAD. NEW BRIGHTON.—Facing 9 the beach. FURNISHED HOUSE with attendance or apartments.

I LANDUDNO JUNCTION.—Good Centre for Tourists; _LI Pleasant Apartments; terms moderate.—Dine. ROBERTS, 10, Avallon avenue,

A PARTMENTS.—CIose to Beach and Railway Station. 11, bath roam, etc.—Mrs J D JONES, Montrose, Station road, Llanfairfechan. LANDUDNO.—Cornfortable APA RTMENTS facing sea; Li centra of promenade and bay.—Apply Mae. J. Monne, 4, St. George's Crescent. lkT ORTH WALKS.—FURNISHRD HOUSRS To Let or Sell; 1.1 apartments or board recommended.—BßACKBTONE & Co, House Agents, Colwyn Bay.

QOUTHPORT.—Handsome PR! VTR APAATIARNTS ; see views; moderate terms,—Mrs. NAYLER. 1, Winter Gardens Terrace. Southport.

I\THW BRIGHTON.—MRS PASLEY. 25. Tollemache street 11 clean, comfortable A.PA:RTAIHNTS ; near shore ; good c^olclng ; termg moderate.

POULTRY FARK.—Private Bitting-room and Bedroom ; dose to station; 10 min. Southport,—MlSTßESS, The Laurels, Woodvale, Southport.

I_iITH&SI.—COMFORTEIBLS A.PARPMECNTS To Let public or private. near Bei, ; terms moderate.—MßS BRAMIUM, 24 Weirton street.

RLACKPOOL.—Iitice APARTMENTS, very central; near the sea. North Pier, Tower and Gardens.—MlLLs, Stanley House, 150 Church street.

BLACKPOOL. —Best and Cheapest APARTMENTS public or private, at Mrs T. gOSELEY'S, 96 Albert road. Near Sea and °antra/ Station. Piano.

APARTNISNTS.—St. Annes-ou-the-Sea, Misses FiELDEs (from Todmorden), 76 Hastnor House, St, Andrews road South. near Station and Sea. 111 D HYL, NORTH WALHS.--COMFORTA.BLH ROOMS 1,1, permanent or otherwise. Near Marine Lake.—J.R., 7. Palace terrace, Wellingtou road, Rhyl. 11)1 SAUMARIc. ANGLHSHY.—CONIFORTABIAI APA.R DIHNTS. in nicely furnished schoolhouse ; large airy rooms; terms moderate.—Apply A. ROBESTS.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs Uttley, 94, Albert road. Reasonable APARTRIINT's, public or private, clean and nomely near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

OOLWYN BAY.—COMPORTABLIC APARTMRDITS sheltred position ; good cooking and attendance. Term moderate —Mrs. THLCKER, Lindene, Rhiw road.

MISSES TWEEDALR (formerly or Rochdale and America), Northampton House, 46 Hull road, off Central Drive, Blackpool. Apartments, Plano.

VENTNOR.—Superior APARTMENTS. One minute from V and facing lea; close to town and post office.— PROPRIETRESS, Austria Rouse, Hambrough-road. COMFORTABLE ILODGINGS.—RUSSTILL HOUSE, I:4 Castle street. Promeßade, Douglas. Tea, bed and break- fast 3s 64 ; beds, 2s; full board, ss.—Mrs RUSSELL.

A PARTMENTS.—Two minutes from beach and railway At station. Bathroom and modern convenience. Excel- lent cooking.—Mrs. H. JONE 9, Ri7ersdale, LlAnfairfechan. NTORTH WALES.—OO TTAGE-FARMHOU SE to let 1.1 Furnished or Sitting and three Bedrooms (spacious) ; reasonable erms.—Mrs, JorrEs,Bryn Clorian,Llanfairfechan. COLWYN ELL—COMFORTABLE APARTMUNTS near station and pavilion ; good cooking and attendance. Every comfort.--BESMER. Graham Villa. Hawaren road.

PARBOLD. near Southport.—Comfortable ROUSE. near station : two living, two bed, large bathroom (hot and cold) : June. July, and August: terms.moderate.—Apply to Mrs. CRO3S. BLACKPOOL.—APARTWINTS with or without board; piano; near stations, sea. Tower, Alhambra. Grand, Winter Gardens and Hippodrome.— 'Ars J WORTHINGTON, 4, Alfred street. 13 LACKPOOL. —Mrs. KEmP,Trov House. Brunswick street. 40 yards from Promenade, between North and Central Pier.; public and private Bitting-roams ; with or without board.

BLACKPOOL.-MRS. J. 8RA.119114..W, from Walkden— late Hadcroft and Higson, 61 Coronation street ; com- fortable apartments, with or without board.—Terms moderate; piano.

LANDUDNO.—Mrs W IL BM /CRY, Strathmore. Mostyn 14 Avenue, Craig-y-Don. One minute from the hay. Pleasant situation Comfortable, homely Apartments, Good cooking and attendance. Inquiries solicited.

LACKPOOL—A delightful holiday at the seaside with home comforts, reasonable charges, can be had to perfection by staying with MR3 DUCKWORTH 26. Vance road, near Central Station.—Terms 2s per day,for two persons.

FRANK DAVIS:, NUGGET SPORTING AGENC MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. MANCHESTER NOVESIBER4IHANDICAP ETC. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market change WRITE FOR MY GREAT MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particularsiaddress as above.

AbTH 31A. positive cure, stamped envelope.—CAmaßlDGE, 47, Fleet street, Lo ndon.

SHAVERS should use Magieum." mar-ielious results, 9d free.—CASEY, Baton-road, Hendon, Middlesex. TNGENIUS BETTING- SCElBMlL—Baplanatory pamphlet 3d.---HOGERS. 126 Brookdale road, Catford, Kent.

I)ELIABLE SOLUTIONS, any competition, each up-to- IL date, 6d.-0. OLDIILM, Ingleside, Mouton, Lancs. lILOTHARB PRODUCHS HAIR on bald parts. Is., 2s 64., ki poet extra, R. WHITE, Druggist, Camden at , Dublin. 1 S FOUNTAIN PEN.—A marvel at the price; nib and filler cornplete.ls 2d post free.-CoLEßY,Stationer,Dareham V OUR NAHR PRINTED on 100 Ivory cards Is. 3d. BILLED:M. MIMos SUO 3s. 3d, Allport. Firstower,Jersey. VAMBELLB FEMALE PILLS 14 4d. 2s. 91 tls 64. post /..4 free. Plain wrapper.—S. OaxEs & Co. 1, Bond-street, Weymouth.

frIMICS CUMPSTITION, solutions and references, first _L paper, 155., one answer 2s.—PEKCEL. la Foster lane, London. B.C. riARDBN NBTTING, 100 square yards, one piece 3s; fair ‘.X condition, free delivery, send cash.—B. A. NORTHEY, Auctiooeer, Plymouth.

flosru DIEs: BI,OUSKS, etc, suoplied farmers for egge k.) and poultry.—Address, WALTON & Co., Manufacturers, 117. Rushton road, Bradford.

f DOOTHA.UHH, biSIAHT H3SH4CH, certain cure, stops _L dacsy, full directions P.O. is. 1(1. SNILIST, dentist. Fearnhead, Nr. Warrington. (lAN YOU BHAT THIS? A double width, 56 inches, all Vi wool Indigo serge 3s. 61. yard patterns free, WELLSON It; CO , Aire Place Works. Leeds.

AIiRI&GW—PIfIVAUE GHLsir LIMAN. small estate 'I thanks ladies with means, under 40, to reply.— MIRROR, 47. Fleet street, London. 500 FRBB GIF N of £5: 10-guinea Cycle for £5 :Os; unheard of offer. Partleulara free.—HEADLAND CYCLE Co., 17 Mentone street, Leeds. HARDWARH, Clothing, Furniture. Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue free.— BERRIDGE sod Co. (102), Birmingham. A VOID UNCLEAN FATS.—Use Maxwell's purely Vege- II table Butter, 31ks 2s, post free; excellent for pastry. MAXWELL. 36 Gray's Inn road, London.

DESK. ROLL TOP. 2 pedestias with 6 drawers. 6 pigeon holes 4 small drawers £3 153 Approval willingly.— it Hum', 141, Essex-road, Islington. N.

ARGE ‘ssortment of second-band and new Portmanteaus suit cases, cabin trunks, dress baskets to be sold cheap. —WENTZR. 101 Obaring Cross road. W.C. NANBERRY SALVE for removing warts and nanberries from cattle, horses, et, ;a certain cure.—Only from N. CIARIESoN, Rithmond, Yorks, in is. and 2s. tins.

WIFE'S MEDICAL ADVISER, 9d now ready. Price List of Surgical Appliances, 2d.—NoiITHERN APPLI- ANCE Co., 161 Seven sisters Road. Holloway, London.

CPOTATO and Cook Shop FITTING,', every variety ki Champion Rangers. Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 10C page List free— 31•13130V5, Poland-street. Manchester.

OU WANT A NEW SUIT.—Drop us a p.ost-card and we 1 will send you free patterns of our famous suitings ; from 6e 6d the length.--EURNLEY. Marshall Mills, Holbeck, Leeds.

_ - HIILME'S Compound Steel and Pennyroyal Pills for Fe- males are the best.in boxes,post free,ls Itd.2s 9d ; best boxes, 4s 6d. Saab. 1860.—HuLmE, Chemist, Nottingham.

j ADIES' Skirts. Shirts Blouses, Underwear, perfect JILJ fitting. latest fashions, wholesale prices ; descriptive catalogue free.-111sotact Amcts. 14, Amberley street Liverpool.

ECZEMA, Acne, Bad Legs and every kind of Skin Dig- ease cured by PRoF. OROBBwAITE. 76. Kirkstall road, Leeds. The most successful Skin Syecuslist in ssugland. Advice free.

MARRIED PEOPLII,or those Coutemplating marriage, Send penny stamp to It J DAVIES. 110 Otley road. Headingley. Leeds. when something to your advantage wiil be returned post free.

COSTUISIII SKIRIS at 3s lid each, made to measure. Beautifully cut and trimmed. Marvellous how we do It !—Write for patterns and particulars. MANN AND Co., Marshall, Mills. Leeds.

WALL-PAPRRS FROM ID. PER ROLL. Any quan- tity, large or small, at Wholesale Prices. Stock exceeds 100,000 rolls, all classes. —BARNETT, Campfield- avenue. Liverpool-road, Manchester.

'llO POSTCARD COLLROTORS--Flity postcards assorted subjects, and ever,' card a different deLign, for 2s 61, post free.—J T WOOD g Co, Wholesale Stationers. 8 Plum UrcJe Court, Farringdon street, London.

100 BUSINESS CARDS, post cards, memos or bill- heads, Is 3d. 250, 2e 6d; 500, 4a; 1,000, 6s: post free, best work, good paper. Specimens. stamp.—WArsos, Printer. 98, Wimberley-street, Blackburn. ITAIRDRESSERS SHOULD USE CUMBERBIROWS Noted QUEEN RAZOrt praised by all users and stands unequalled for quality and cheapness (Guaranteed).— Write for price, 27. ROCHDALR ROAD, Manchester. I\IETTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Thoafas Jou:too:es, Net Warehouse Corporetion-stVeet. Manchester.

CIUMBERBIROH'S FOR CHINA VASES, Figures, Flower Pots, Tubes and Stand,Todet Sets, Dinner Sets, all kinds of fancy chinaware and glass goods, Dishes, eke. Visit or write for Iist.—nOCHDALE ROAD, near Shudehill Manchester.

/ iSTRICH FEATHERS, DOUBLE CURLED. Long White VJ or Grey, 7s 6d and 108 6d; Black, 9s 6d and 128 6d ; Tips, Ss 6d, 48 6d, and 5s 6d each. Post free on receipt of order, Satisfaction guaranteed.—GOODYEAß, Box 181. Cape Town. South Africa.

-DRUSSELS-TAPESTRY BORDERED CARPETS, all 1) patterns and colours, 9ft by 9ft. 18s ; 91t by 12ft, 22s 3d ; equal to any at 3 guineas. All sizes kept.—LYELL BROS., Wholesale Manufacturers, 103 Tottenham Court road, London, W. HuLmwi " COMPOUND " STEEL and PENNYROYAL PILLS for Female Necesgities are the best, and always effective In boxes ptst ea, is. ltd. and 2e. 9d. ; best boxes, 45. 6d. Estaoilsbed 1860.—HimmEs, Chemists, Nottingham.

PURN COll-LIVBR OIL, warranted pure, direct from manufacturer, Bottles containing pint and half 2s, carriage paid. Special quotations for quantities.—R. COL- ERIDGE, Cod-Liver Oil King, Works,Stanley street,Grimsby. Recablised 1884.

OXFORD PICTURE PONTCARDS.—The choicest series, 50 different, Is per dozen, black and white ; is 6d hand-coloured ; posted separately, 6d per dozen extra.— Specimen and lists from THE Oxford STATIONARY Co., 33 Walton street, Oxford.

1.) HEM! A.TOID ARTHRITIS and Rheumatic Gout ILL speedily cured by marvellous new discovery. Splendid results Moderate cost BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist, "Ivanhoe." Qaeenswood road, Birmingham. Advile and testimonials free.

S UITS FOR SPRING, 22s 6d, 27s 6d, 31s, to order beauti- fully made and hard wearers.—Trousers. 6e Ild, 8s 6d to order ; easy measure forms, testmonialcand patterns free, This is not a catch advertisement.—HoLmEs & SON, The Great Postal Tailors, Finxton.

mINT STATB,sets of copper 1897 with cast farthing issued In copper 25., 1901 set with farthing bronzed to pre- vent fraud 2s. 3d., 35 Roman coins, rare. 68., withdrawn Jubilee sixpence Sc., Lion sixpences Sc. 6d., Ts. 6d - COLLECTOR, 7, Huntriss row, Scarboro', S.

ri CHOICE Cactus Dahlias, pointed varieties. King of G Siam, Mrs Turner. May Service. Uncle Tom,Avanche, Black Prince, Asia, and five others to name, 3s 6d ; 6 for 2s, carriage free ; whgn ordering state nearest railway.—Fßosr, Windmill Nursery, Lea Brligf, Gardens, Leyton. VOTBD PLA.CB for GOLD and SILVER GOODS,Guards , .111 Chains. Wedding Keei7Hr, Gem and Signet Rings, Brooches, Medals, Cigarette Oases and all kinds of jewellery, Watches. Clocks, Cutlery, Ac.—Write for list or visit CUMBERBIRCH'R. near Shudehill. Manchester.

rtio BE 601-D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lai. with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

LCERS, WOUNDS, OLD SORES. ECZEMA. and every form of skin disease quickly cured by our wonderful ointment ; it cures where all other remedies fail ; 1.700. testimonials.—Send id. stamp for free sample to Goon SAMARITAN DRUG (Jo, Dept 8, Ravenscourt avenue, Ham m cram it h, London. 3CIEY-SAVING NOTION !—Walker's Letterettes .13 the new handy form o! Stationery. A boon for private professional, or commercial correspondence. All papers praise them. All stationers sell them. —Write for pictorial pamphlet and free samples to joirg WALKER It Co.. Ltd., Wholesale Stationers, London, E.O. It's worth the trouble of writinfr I

14Q PLANTS (box containing). 1.0 Gerauiums, Stocks, Lobelia, Asters double. 10 Verbenas, Calceolarias, Fuchias, Galardias, Marguerites. Nicotina sweet scented, 6 Dahlias and 2 Carnations gratis with each lot. Cash with order, 54., carriage free, half, 3s,—Fnosr, Lea Bridge Gardens. Levton.

QUPERIOR large Fa_ni ly printing outfit complete, 10d, L) post free.—IMPORTER, 500 Gibbet street, Ifslifax. TIMBER. &c.—A quantity suitable for same at 1. CLARK AND RIDGWAY, Sankey Bridges. Warrington.

MIMI() —3 popular Sunday sougs, Baautiful Prayer, Rest at Last, Good Sheptier ; fuil music size, post tree 8 stamps.—BE:lßow, Mersey road, Widnes. fIIGARS, ORDBIL direct and save 5s in the R. Sample k.) box, 50 eigars,p)st free 10s. Marvellous vaIue.—KEEGIN & Co., Hibernia Building, Holyhead.

STANGR TRANSVAAL WAR RIDILNI RN sOUM. Free Rto post card name aud address, W. HEALD, 15 T3thill street, Westminster, London, S.W.

FINEST preserved dry stern Ginger Ohyloong, delicious al wholesome delicacy, 2 lb tin post free, 25 9d.—D Awsorr WILKtN, 8, Aldgate, High street, London. HIGH-CLASS WORKING WEST END MILLINER makes and remodels, low charges, llsotot Aty, 31, Oakhurst Grove, East Dulwich, London,

QEVEN well-built HOUSEi, Haskell street, Stockton 1,7 Heath ; all well let ; moderate ground rent —J. LO2Ol. LAND, solicitor. 2. Egypt street, Warrington.

, Handsome young Norwich cocks, splendid V songsters, 3e, 2 for 58 6d,4 for 10s, sent carefully packed. —CLARKE, 37 Gt, St Andrew scree:, London. ANOTHER useful Novelty just arrived,the Edison Pocket Electric Flash Lamp, 2s 3d, post free. Recharges is. esch--EDISoN's AGENCY, Canterbury, Kent.

PICTURE POST CARDS, assorted packets 16 cards is free, actresses, pictures,seascapes, c Lthedrals,comice.— MONTGOMERY. 128 Waterway street, Nottingham.

ELEOTILIO POCKECT LAN MINS ; more toan 10300 in use ; carriage paid, 4s ; cash with order. Price list on appileation.—B. VISSEHS, Eindhoven, Holland.

MGARS. direct from Manufactory, Amsterchm, box con— k./ tabling hundred selected samples 6s, postage paid —B. MCGREGOR. Importer. Grangemoutb, Scotland.

TADIBS' DAINTY AATIg dIALS tor Blouses and Dresso _I .1 new Spring colourings, 41 yard. Carriage paid Patterns free.—DßEss WAREHOUSE (893) Darlington.

INDIGESTION, COUGHS, Write for valuable family re— cipes, 7 stamps each 10 stamps tor both, relief certain-- A. BURDALL. 4 Pratt street, Camden Town. London N.W. tiOuTS. Made to measure from 'FJkJ factory to wearer, Write for Illustrated Catalogue and simple self-measurement torm.—Halints's BESPJICE BOOT FACTORY, Ketteritig.

TIOW TO OLEAN WALL-PAP/M.—For Postal ;Order is. I will send instructions how to make a cheap and effi- cient Wall-paper Reuervator,—J, HOULDEN, Winshill,Burton- on-Trent• IMAKE NO PROMISES, I undertake nothing; send roe .1 a Shilling Postal Order, and await developments : I think you will be surprised.—(Luirrkenk, 30, Thayer street, London, W.

LADlES.—lnformatton and advice or prtce-A less value (Free) ; send stamped envelope ; please name paper.—Mrs. LAWRENCE, a.' St. Elmo," Egremont, Liverpool.

OIGARS, Celebrated high-class Marsumad 50 post free V 7s 6d or lts, quality guaranteed or money refundei. Price list of other choice cigars free.—Moss POTTER, Thetford, Norfolk.

T AMES' DRESS LENGTHS. 3s. 11d, carriage paid, IA Snowflakes, Zibelines. Tweeds, Poplins, A.rmures, Alpacas, Cashmeres, &c., patterns free.—PELRSON'S DREes WAnEnousE, Leeds. TO WAITING OF DEAD KEN'S SHOES.—lmmediate 11 certain income to all Fut chasers of our Is 6d. post paid. Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa. —Pinta; TEA AND COFFEE Co., Temple street, Tyne Dock.

A RTIFICIAL lAMBS, Surgical Appliances for Weak and CV Crooked Lege, Surgical Boots, to, Prices far below those of other makers. —FARRINGTON $ Sox, Wigan. Established over 60 years.

ATUNTAL aCIHNCE and Homovathic treatment for all 111.. diseases, treatment for success, 5s monthlv,-1.34.1: 5467, SHARRoW & 'THATCHER. Advertising Contractors, West street, Cambridge Circus, London, W.C.

1090 0 0 iNhDeandlsL LmSeltr.o:s6ds eb , 02T0 72se 66dd.. 1100000 I,a r3dds: best quality. Other printing equally cheap. Samples stamp —l3faulEY, Rtherley road, South Tottenham, N: 1 OOK l-4,J00 Pairs New MILITAISIC BLEMI kt;sewn .1 very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for 5s 6d per pair; money returned if not approved of,—H. J. GASBON, Government Contractor. live.

CIBLID POTATOSS FOR SitLK, selected kinds, namely 0 British Queen,Up-to-Date, Scottish Triumph Maincrops: also new Scotch deed, and about twelve tons Manure. —Apply J. CLIFFE, 1, Foundry street, Warrington.

NBEZ ING.—Sneezing instantly stopped. No trouble, no inJonvenience or cost.-11. only needed for full informa- tion to A. H., Box, 5468.Suslutow & TiiarcaEß,Advertising Contractors, West Street, cambridge Circus, London, W.C. TIIitILITY in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. An Illustrated Sdition, by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s dd.— London; SHELLEY & CO., LTD, 38, Graeechurch•street.

PHONOGBA.PI-1 lIECOELDS, eleven gold moulded and eight lidtson-Bell records, scarcely used, cost 2.1.5.. for only 155.. also 3 Edison-Ball sacred records for 75.; grand collection, names of records on application. JOSEPH LEACH, Shenfield, Essex.

•6TA.ItTLBIL—Box of 100 Cigars. the most exquisite flavour and aroma direct from the Importer for 3s 11d, post free. We supply the most enjoyable smoke on eartb at less than half usual prices.—PEAßaux ec Co , Importers, 6, Rood lane, London, N.C.

RUTHFULLY A WATUH FOIL sn. People wanted to 1 write and truthfully want particulars of a cheap but first-class watch, when an applicant will receive a grand solid silver watch for the sd. They must send WATCIIMLN, 212, Minard Road, Catford. London. -I AND to be Sold, for Works, on the banks of the Hoch- _.l.l dale Canal Newton Heath, l miles from the Ex- change, on chief rent for 999 years ; also Land for the erection of cottages.—Apply to Mr. J. liumisuaw, estate offices, 78. Ring street. Manchester.

1443/GB perfectly fresh after being preserved many months 114 by the medium of our pure concentrated silicating solution. costing under a Li. per dozen Reduced price this season 10d., for 2 One lb. tins, post paid with tuli directions DODBIE, Waverley Works, Leith, N.B,

500 SUITS at half price. Smart cut, well made, black to navy serge 2s 9d each, u.ually 5s 6,1. never less, 2 for 5s ; sizes uo .50 waist and 42 length, carriage 5d ; patterns if desired ; money returned if not satisfied.—OßAY, BTEWART AND CO., Milton street, London, B.C.

riIANNBD GAILWIN NBTrlNii.—erotect your Peas, 1 Seeds an Buds from frost, blight and ravage of bir.is ; Nets oiled and dressei, 33 square yacds, is. ; can be sent any width or length ; carriage paid on orders over HENRY ROBINSON. Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

FOIL SALE.—Rxtracts from the `. Flying Roll," the beet Book In the World for all seeking truth. It states the cause of evil, how it began, how it must end ; truth only ; no traditions of men. Sermons I, 11, 111, Is. ?ach ; post— age extra, one sermon 3d., the three bd —S. Donsox, b, Bridge street. Runcorn.

lADIBS, DO YOU KNOW that for 26 61 we will send you a pair of corsets, niacie from good quality cloth. boned real whaleboae and watch spring stets, long or short waist, black or grey, sizes 18 to 31 inches ; money returned if not satisfactory ; catalogues?ost free.—W NAI-Lon AND Co., Spring Hill. Birmingham.

_ TENTS. TENTS, Suitable for GARDENS, Cricket, or _1 camping out purposes, 4ett in circurnference,pegs,poles , mallet, and lines, complete, with tent bag includld. I wilt bend oae complete for 30s. an be sent on approval cat riag e pail, Price list of marquees, any size, post free, from H. J. Geseolf. Government Contractor, Rya. - T ADS GOLD-FILLED LONG GUARD, 5s ; massive gold-tilled chased bracelet, 5s ; coral necklet, real gold snap, 5s 64, beautiful necklet and heart pendant, 3s; enamel pansy brooch, brilliant centre Is 6d, All goods warranted and sent post free.—EMBLING BROS., Manufacturers, 210, Osborne road, Forest gate, London.

-DROODY HENS, thoroughly tested; 35 6d each; 25 6d next month.—NICKELS, Day House, Shrewsbury. BLACK Leghorn EGGS, from selected winter layers,2s 6d sitting.-WATExe,lfose Cottage, Bolton-le-Sande,Carnforth • WANTED LIVE CHICK EMS, three to five months old for fattening.—REYstowas, 3lassey Hall Farm, Thel- wall, Warrington.

DUCK EGGS for SITTING, from Large, White Ayles- burys, 38 per dozen.—F. WOOLLVEN, Market Avenue, Ashton-under-Lyne.

O-GS, booked from grand pen; pure White Leghorns 11.'.4 (Simon Hunter's strain), 3s. dozen—WRIGHT, Lake Vyrnwy, Mords, Oswestry. TORE-BRED Plymouth Rock Eggs, 2s dozen, from first- _L prize winners; J Brandon-Smith's strain,—F BUCKLE, Bowdley, Market Drayton.

RBDUCBD ls. 9d. sitting.—Houdan. Black Leghorn Bggs, first cross, exebilent layers ; Hunter and Cook's strain. —BURROW. Bardingtou, Bridgnorth.

WHITE: LEGHORN Em ES for Sale, from exceptionally good layers, 3s. 6d. dozen ; unfertile replaced.— BURDON HUNTER, Morpeth Castle, Northumberland. PURR BRED EGGS FOR SALU.—lndian Game, ss. per doz.; Salmon Favorolle, ss; ;silver Wyandotte, 3s 6d ; White Leghorns, 3s. 6d.—M. JONES, Delbury, Craven Arms.

PURB BISCUIT SlBAL.—Plain, lOs per cwt. ; withlmeal. 12a 6d. • fine chicken meal. 12s 6d. ; put on rail ; cash with order.Buiroa and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street, Liverpool.

SPANG LED Orpingtoas, Buff and Black o:pingtons, Minorcag, Andalusians, Legborns, Rocks, Oampi nes and Wyandottee, 3a. doz.—W. MAioß,Borough Hill Poultry Farm, Daventry, AYING STRAIN, average 172 per bird. of White Leg- .l.4 horn, Black Ylinorcas, Buff Orpington, and Aylesbury Duck Eggs ; 2s. 6d. per sitting.—MlLLS, Addison Wood, Penwortham, Preston.

JOGS FOR SITTING, Pure bred Indiin game. Dark Dorkings. Barred Rocks, Buff Orpingtons. 3s 6d for 13. Also a few Indian game and Barred Rock Cockerels for sale 7s 6d each.—BENTHAN,Sepbton's Hall.Upholland near Wigan

v WALTON AND CO., Manufacturers, will take !!ggs, poultry and anything useful for hotels and dining rooms in return for costumes and blouses, also lengths of c.oth arm dress goods.—Address 117. SPRING MouNr Thornbury, Bradford. TvIVILCOX'S POULTRY SPICR pro Incas more eggs.keeps fowls healthy. preveats gapes and cramp in chickens; tins 6d and is post free 81 and ls 3,1. Try I WilCOK's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 158 per cwt Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. &F. WILCOX, Sandyford, Stone,Stafforcishire.

SILVER CAMPINES BEAUTIFUL FOWLS! Prolific Layers I Ist, Special, 3rd Osixettry ; lit Carlisle ; lit Measham ; Ist, 2nd, two 3rds, Ludlow ; 4th Hereford, .S:c. Eggs from this pen 6s. dozen ; all failures from whatever cause replaced free if returned carriage paid.—H. BOULTON. Wrockwardine Bank, Wellington, Salop. BIIi & CO., 380, Central Markets, London, are buyers ot Ur live old bens,at. prices from 3s 6cl to 6s per couple weigh- ing not less than 81b8 the couple. Sent owners risk rate, no carriage or commission on quantities over 20, Cash by return guaranteed.—BANKEßS. London & County, Holborn, Enquiries solicited.

EUGS FOR briIASUZI Wv'L.---r. have again uiated my pens for breeding. I have never won any prizes. I never show, but my birds will compare favourably with those who do, and I cordially invite an inspection of the following pure breeda. Black Minorcas, Black Orpingtons, Black Leg- horns, Buff Orpingtons, Buff Wyandottes, Buff Leghorns, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Blue Andalusians, Houdens, Lancashire Buff Barred, Plymouth Rocks., Golden Wyandottes, Silver Wyandottes, Langshans, Indian Game, 2 Crosses Houden Cock,Buff Orpington Hen—White Leghorn Cock, Houden Hen. Biggs all 25 6d for 13 except Indian game, and Langshans these 4s, if packed and put on Rail 6d extra. ,Also Indian Runner Ducks 2s per doz., if packed and put on Rail 2s 6d. If rot 10 fertile eggs in each sittinw I will make all unfertiles good, if brought back or sent. N.B—No business done on Sunday,—HENßY DRAPER, 201 :,Newton- road, Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-le-Willows,

ItITIC,tS wanted, Copying work. 15s and upwards TY ip earned in spa, e time.—PEGnox,e/o 112 Walker Street, Hull.

ANTBD IMPROVICit as SHOSING or JOBBING- V SMITH; abstainer.—Davis, Smithy, Wardington, Banbury. WANTB B D FO, COPYING WORK.-10s to 15a earned in spare time. Stamped address to WELDON, 2, Fleet street, Hull.

WANTBD fn- Bo rders, Invalids, Children. Sehoo's;AplittMealte, Houses for saIe.—TURNER. 168 Pieadilly.

MARMED LADIES,OOR HES PO N DENT. —Sendeta mped address for particulars Ito Mrs. E. WILSON, Elder- grove, Sheffield. -- A GENTS WANTED; Penny Goods ; sample three dozen ZL ls 6d; gross, 51.—NoyELTY COMPANY (S.T.) Britain street. Manchester.

rkt OLE SKI WANTED, any quantity, best price given, cash per return post.—GRANTHAM, Waterloo Cafe, Bridlington. MOLESKINS WANTED, any quantity, best price given cash per return post.--Apply J. T. GRANTHAM, Water- loo Cafe, Bridlington.

-- OLESKINS Wanted.—Sound, square, dry skins, 2a pr 111. dozen. Remittance by return includiug postage.— BIKER & CO.. LTD., Chard.

lONG LNY'S Detective Office, 3, Featheraton Holborn, London, for private Inquiries, seOret watch- ing, and all confidential matters,

WANTED, Old, Worn-out HORSES Old Wheels,Springs, Axles, Old Rubber; say where seen-8, LIWTOM. STREET, Granby row, Manchester. NIOLE SKIN PURCHASED, any quantity, we-I stretched, square and dry, 2d. each.—C. LEWIS, aughton Croft. Bridgnorth, Salop,

WVANTICD, four or five dozens of MILK to be delivered to station daily —For partieulAra apply by letter to MILK, " EXAMINER ' OftiCe. Warrlogton.

BRICKLAYDRS.— WANTIiW, BRICKLAYBRS ; good wages, 80. per hour; permanency to good men.— Apply W. KENDRICK AND SON, Tasker street, Walsall.'

g-`IAEPENTER.—WANTED, Situation, as Estate or HOU it) ki Carpenter , age 27 ; good referencei• —Apply, stating N% azes given, to H LOWE, Knowles Bank, Shifnal, Salop. wASTE RUBBER, every description purchased, prompt cash, liberal prices, and fair treatment guaranteed.— A W LESLIE & CO, 392 Essex road, Islington, London, N.

WANTED, SITUATION as GROOM-COA.CIiMAN single or pair ; height sft 6in ; good references single.—NORMAN MURRAY, Cranford avenue Knuisford.

LADIII3 and GItiNTLEMEN to colour fine art prints. post cards, at home, easily acqulrei. Particulars acildn3si HIA.QC. 6 rit. Jamee—areet. Lo kir.o

HOMR WORK by the quickest and latest improved. Harrison Knitting klaenines. Highest wages earned. Lists from HARRISON MACHINE Co., LTD., 48. tipper Brook- street, Manchester.

()LD GOLD and Silver Jewellery. Plate, Ueda's. Coins, and Curios purchased for cash or liberal exchange offered.-4olex KENT, Mardol Ilead,Sarewsbury. Established nearly a century.

WANTED SITUATIJN as GAIWONErt (ad), wher another is kept.; good all-round, inside and out 33; good references. —BUTLER, CaertYynnon. Talearnau, R. 5.0.. Merioneth.

V\t/ BIGH LI TS AND HAIIIIES INSPHOTORSHIPS. How to become an inspector. Booklet giving full in- structions ls id. post free —Apply to C. hlrn.Lon, 64 Com- mercial street, Batley.

GENTS WANTED FOR PARKINSON'S PliOTO- 'l4. GILAPRIO SPECIALITIES: Poll or spare time. Male or female.—Apply PARKINsoN, Photographer, Queen's Gardens, Warrington.

A cras Pushing MAN WANTED, to canvass for Indus- Cl. trial Assurance Office, with up-to-date tables, excellent terms and interest in business created; speedy promotion.— HILL, 55 Norfolk street. ;Sheffield.

SANITAtti salaries ELUL) to £350 several hundred vacancies annually ; postal course; commencing for Liverpool Exam. experience unnecessary Fee 255. MITSIIENS. Science Teacher, Sunderland. AI ILK —Wanted, One or Two Dairies. 25 to 40 gallons IV daily ; also regular supplies of Fresh Eggs ; prompt payments; send price and quantity. &c.--SOUTtI DIP.LEY DAIRY Co., 109, Chapman street, Gorton, Man2hester. - - - - - A GENTS WANTED, for part or whole time, to introduce La. the ' People's Popular Property Purchase Plan.' Suc- cessful agents are making really large incomes, and those taking it up now with energy and tact may soon reacts an independence. —Apply Hex LeTEsus(Ltd.), Parkstone, Dorset

itlarDinern, etc. GAS ENGINES, Robinson's "HR " Gas Engines ire reliable and easy to pat down. —ReEINB9I,I, Great Bridgewater StrePt. Manchester.

L-'OR SALTS. GAS ONGINR, Crossley ; 4 FIL.P, no nia,l .12 tube; fit-rate cmdition.—Apply --ATERciwir AND Co.. Shakespeare street, Southport.

at LviA °PHU LAVIN G tiLi la and buildersl 14'48(xtn. :al; L'i• IWL4 palisades and Entrance GAtes. estiinates free.—Apply 0. Corms, Scotland road, Warrington.

VIA.TRNTS Obtained Daily. Provi n sioal protection, 40s JL inclusive. Noted for moderate charges. Special quota- tions for foreign pitents. Write for price list free by post —BROMHEAD AND Co., Licensed and Registered Patent Agents, 33, Cannon-street, London. rxtak

PLANING MACHIN'S, will plane 4ft. 6in. by aft. by att., self acting, all cuts. £l9 ; Schieles Fan, 6in. outlet.new £2•los. Two Anvils and Stands,2l 105; 40 Milling Machine Cutters, some new. £6 101. cost over £IJO. W. VERIrY, SO, Lloyd stre,t, Greenheys Manchester.

6,-) No. 1 CARTER'S DISINTHGRATORS, 2 Malt Mills. 3 bteam Pumps, Morton's Horizontal Defrigerator. Friction Hoist, Compound Gearing, and quantity of Pulleys aud other Machinery. —R ICHMOND FOUNDRY. Richmond row, Liverpool.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIVII LAD (late Orm erod, kJ Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade, having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel, Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns Lc:longing to the late Henry Wren and Co., Londorproad Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheel d eulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 239, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grterson, Manchester."

pATENT OFF IC 14. fit AN CHESTER E3TABLISRED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES A SON have ha 4' more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- merit andpossess practical knowled%e of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. 911011 GE DAVIES, 0.13., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTBR.

j AMES P. BA.TH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, Established 1875. 29, RA NELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL

riENERAL BUSINESS. genuine; can be seen at any time, good house; rent 123. 6d. clear.-19, O&KDALE ROAD, Seacornbe, Cheshire.

HAIR DRESSING- and FANCY BUSINESS,one,)f the best paying in the North Ens, only £6s.—Further particu- lars, 224 DERBY ROAD, Bootle. TOR DISPOSAL, Old-established Lock-up TOBACCO BUSINIPSS on Stockport road.—Apply Moss, 46, Oxford road, C.-on-M., Manchester.

rjlo BE DISPOSED OF, good GENERAL BUSINESS ; 1. Sweets, Minerals, Tobacco : good reasons!for leaving.— Apply 127, GOODISON ROAD, Walton, Liverpool.

240 FRIED FISH, Chipped Potatoes, Minerals. and Pastry, doing good business : present owner been six year!; no opposition.-305, SMITHDOWN ROAD, near Sefton Park, Liverpool.

FDR DISPOSAL. Fruiterer's BUSINESS in London suburb. Profitable family trade. Easily learnt. Fortune tc business couple with £320.—" BUSINESS," 0/0 Corporation, 47 Fleet street, WC.

I[3OPULAR RBSORT.—FuIIy-licenesd HOTEL. Glens, I_ Plantations, Farm, 203 acres ; grand paying country If fe ; shooting. fishing; principles only, owner retiring.— CORLETT, Seaforth, Ramsey, Man.

HOUSE FURNISHING BUSINESS, well known 10 miles round, well equipped, window show of 480 t. wide, in the heart of the town very large show rooms, all modern saleable stock at valuation about £l,OOO , will accept half cash and rest Bemired to immediate customer ; yearly turn- over about £3,OQ); rent £l3O ; also smart Cabinet Works (cheap), with machinery and sheds, stable, house.—Full particula re and to view, 40 MARKET MTREET. Wigs's).

GARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL ,IS THE BEST. Awaded alChanapion Prize of £25 in addition to other leading FIRST PRIZES in 1901. Price 1/- per lb. ; 103/- rer cwt CARRIAGE PAID [8: 5 Pali :CENT. IDIBCOUNT FOR EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

THE SPOT SHOP, FISH MARKET`, WARRINGTON. IFORPTSEFUL ARTICLESIFOR XMAS. FOR BEST VALUta, IN EVERYTHING. GO TO SAN' N. GREEN'S.

J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS- THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. • THE EXCELSIO t) R CYCLES

ARNOLD AND LEWIS.. sr. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GOLD WATCHES. FINEST MAKE. Established 1831

DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DIL• SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DE. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DE. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILL 6 MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. 4.1. and 25. 95.

ARE YOU A MARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION, MOUS' NESS, INABILITY TO ASSIMILATE YOUR FOOD. Wind in the Stomach, and yet trying to du your daily work like a healthy man? IT 31.AY BE: _HEROIC, That effort of yours but you are Loud to tail in the race for wealth, wileds you get rid of these troubles at once. There is a newly discovered isnzyrne winch is tog times as powerful as Pepsin which will digest your food for you, resting your stomach and giving it the tone necessary to perfor n its normal functions. This new discovery is embodied in MILLER'S D YSPEPSI A TABLETS WHICH ARE SOLD BY . MILLER, CHEMIST. 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARMINGTON, AT 71D. PER BOX.

rr LIE Warrington and Mii-Cheshire Examiner, pub lished every Saturday morning. THE .Riescorts Examine--, published) Friday after- JL noon. It Is the only Weekly Paper in the district. Bad ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE Widnes Examiner, published Friday after.. noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becomini n important centre of industry. THE Earkstown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Fridei afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS W ANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks, 18 27 36 45 54 •

THE EXAMINER. MAY 22nd. 1903.

2/6 PER (IBLITLPESEIRNCLIUDAEDL) QUART RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT SCOTCH AND IRIS Et Viril[SßEY COUNCIL. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, The monthly meeting of the above Council was held Fat Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday morning, under the ULTON BROS, virINH MRROIVI.TIT3, presidency of Mr. S, Woodward, present :—Messrs. G. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, Pilling, (vice-chairman), S. Wright, Admiral Parry, J. (2 Minutes from Central stna Lime Street stationa.) Mclntyre, J. Stokes, A. U. Guest, J. Knowles, J, T. Collier, J. Spruce, R. Billingaon, T. Darlington, J. B. Chadwick, S. Clarke,q. Edwards, T. Lewis, J. Baggaley P, Gleave, NV. A, Wallington, J. Bolsha.w, NV. H. Brad- ford, T. Ellison, with Messrs. G. T. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough, (assistant clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer), W. Swinton, and J. Diggle (surveyors) J. Farrington (inspector). STOCKTON HEATH'S REPRESENTATION. Arising out. of the Stockton Heath minutes was a request that the District Council would allow the dis- trict two representatives instead of one, and that the Parish Ciuncil be furnished with certain financial par- ticulars. Mr. Pilling, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said that Stockton Heath was not fully represented according to its rateable value. The idea of asking for certain financial information was not from any wish to form an urban district, but simply to satisfy the rate- payers. It was resolved that the information be given to the Parish Council, and that a small committee consisting of Messrs. Woodward, Knowles, Stokes, Darlington,and Pilling be appointed to consider the advisability of petitioning the County Council to increase the repre- sentation. It was further resolved that Mr. Farrington, the nuisance inspector, attend the village weekly to look after certain sanitary matters. THE WARRINGTON LIGHT RAILWAY. The Board of Trade enclosed copies of the Warring- ton Corporation and Warrington and Northwich Light, Railway Orders in the form in which they will be con- firmed. The Clerk said there was practically no alteration to the Order save the insertion of one clause about the lighting of dangerous parts of the line. THE POLLUTION OF CERTAIN STREAMS. • Under date April 23, the Clerk of the County Council, asked on behalf of the Rivers Pollution Committee, what further progress had been made by the Rural District Council to prevent the pollution complained of in this district. The Clerk said he had, already furnished Mr. Potts with the present position of affairs. THE PROPOSED PURCHASE OF RUNCORN MAINS. Mr, E. Marshall, Cleric to the Runcorn Urban Council wrote on April 29, with regard to the Halton and Weston Water Supply. He said "At the Water Com- mittee's meeting held to-day your letter was read and I am desired to say that a view of the fact that the memorial to the County Council with regard to the pro- posed extension of boundaries has been lodged and that if an inquiry is held it will probably be at an early date, The Water Committee do not propose going into the matter of the sale of mains, apparatus (sr.c., for the present. My committee think that you will see that the attitude taken by them is a reasonable one under the circumstances." The Clerk said it was not worth while to press for an arbitrator at the present time seeing that the 'whole question would probably come within a short period, under the notice of the County Council. THE FENCING OF COMMON PIT. , Mr, R. Dobson, coroner for the Honour and Fee of Halton, wrote suggesting that the Common Pit at Halton in which a child was recently drowned should be fenced. He had corresponded with the Runcorn Urban Council and had reason to believe they would fence theft adjoining the recreation ground. Major Orred's agent replying to the Coroner said fencing was all right round the pit. If the Runcorn authorities cared to fill up a portion of the pit with proper materials he did not think Major Orred would object provided they did not interfere with the water suppf, in any way. Mr.Eliggle, surveyor; said he had inspectei the place and found than so far as the .Rural Council were con- cerned the fencing was quite satisfactory. Resolved that Messrs. Guest and Chad Wick visit the place and report at the next meeting whether anything ought to be done. A DANGEROUS FOOTPATH AT LATCHFORD LOCKS. Mr. J.C. Parr, Chairman to the Grappenhall Parish Council, wrote drawing attention to the dangerous and unprotected state of the footway across the Latchford Locks of the Ship Canal. The Parish Council were of opinion that the matter should be pressed very strongly in view of the loss of life which has already happened, and the many accidents and immersions which have already occurred. The Ship Canal should be obliged to protect the public footpath in accordance with the stipulation of the Act, especially as the population in the district was likely to increase. It was decided that a Committee, consistinc,* of Messrs. Piling, Admiral Parry., Knowles, and Bradford, wait on the Manchester Ship Canal Company to con- sider the matter. THE EXTENSION SCHEME. • The following letter was received from Mr. J. B. Houghton Chairman of the Halton Parish Council. The Parish Council of Halton desire to call the attention of the Runcorn Rural District Council to a memorial presented by the Urban District Council of Runcorn, to the Cheshire County Council with reference to proposed extension of boundaries and to express their strong dis- approval to be separated from the Rural District Council atea, and to request the Rural District Council to oppose the petition as strongly as possible. At a largely attended meeting of the Weston ratepayers held on the 28th ultimo in the Parochal schools it was re- solved unarrimouslythat the stongest possible resistance be.given to the proposedamalgamation with Runcorn. Referring to the Same question Mr. James Collier clerk to the Weston Parish Council wrote as follows : At a special meeting of my Council held at the Church Schoolroom, Weston, I was instructed to forward you a copy of the following resolution which was passed un- animously :—The Parish Council of Weston desire to call the attention of the Runcorn Rural District Coun- cil to the petition presented by the Urban Council to the Cheshire County Council with regard to the proposed extension of the boundaries and to express their strong opposition to be separated from Runcorn Rural District Council to oppose the petition as strongly as possible. The Chairman said at was a most important matter for the Rural Council. The Clerk said nothing had yet been heard from the County Council but the probability was that an inquiry would be held. He recommended that a small com- mittee be appointed to take necessary steps to oppose the Urban Council's petition. It was resolved that Messrs. Stokes, B ixter, Linaker, Williams, Wright, Collier, Woodward, Pilling, Guest, and Chadwick be appointed, to engage counsel to oppose the petition with power to act without reference to the Rural Council.

VAS diztla,Lt4.6l.l).V Zs MAY Qt.Jr..N FraAlVAu JL wxr,t.nE PELD ON THE MARKWI2 GROUND, KINDLY L'eDIT By THE URBAN DISTPIOJ 01W:40114 oN SAO/R.O \IC MAY S)Ta, 1403. PRIZSSGIVINFn THE NBATI3,I! AND CLEANI2NT TRADISSMBN' 311 groOUTS, BICYCLIbTS rs CH IR- ACTIIR AND lABLIJA.UX Those vvishing to compete for prizes must pay an entranne fee ot 6d each. and name to be given to the ecreGary. All those ta ling part in the Procession must be an the Rroi not later than one o'clock. Unicab'e trains fro-n all stations. 8K( LMISTIIe, Se,:relary. Oxford street., Harwitimn.

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrat Book containing valuable information how al' Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely t_l:47 voided or removedby simple means. Recommend'l by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sure, Of Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousands °A testimonials. Mr. P. BLANCHARD, Daiston-lari" London.

MARRIED Persona should send two stamps for illustrated lia.k It, of elastic hosiery, belts, trusses, syringe.' Xnemas, surgical appliances and specialities of everi (WTI pl 10g.— No NTKERN SURGICAL & KUDOS APPI.IARCF CO., 181, SEVEN SISTERS ROAD, HOLZ°. WAY. LONDON.

iiiHOUSANDS F PERSONS Te,tity that Holdroyd's Gravel Pllls are a veltive ctiV for ur.vel. Lumbago, and Pains in the Back. DrOatc W ind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidnet7lo; rei4tica. and Rheumatism Try one box ; ifiNst extiell...l money returned. 1.. lid. all Chemists. ',on, Ir.e 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Cleekbe° York,. -

iWO ULM YOUPAIA.VIE SOFT VELVETY 1 t,..8.1. e K? , t .... ', , .. , t.. . Then use •',"- 4. '. -4. 4 1 . ...?.' -.. , ~, - 7' 46,; ' ..? #•11! : „.. it' ''.. ....d. „ 11l nti . ' • - • 'M , 4/.1 erely 11OUGHNESS,CHAPS, 17, .41C-.... TAN, IRRITATION, et c., - ' I'l `lv3cr.yr _s_ \";.`fr 3,*` esi rnowe " Bottles 14./E,l-4 . , .6d.,15.,and25.6. CI-TELTENHAI4,

!kW' ',R... • lri; (1,40 , 2 .:_,./..;.,w 06 , 41)1VA * -.,...„ , C are the finest' value in barnsii ClGAl2sobraillable: ~' , I equal Co any 3,0. cigar on ~...:,,-,-,- , the marker 4.1...: GOOD SMOKE t. Seven for A. T- -stoillirag viss Bros: Lai Covenrry ,i/ - --‘ A - - , AGErfr . (-4 ITS: Josepli Beswick, Horsemarket St. WARRING lON. W. SHAW Jun. Top Locke, Runcorn. S. JRAVONS, 21, George St., ot. Helen,. AND OF ALL TOBACCoNIEMS. _.......e

More Judgment than Luc}. A lady writes: "I have brought up five children, youngest not); nine, and have never had one case of • Measles amongst them. I have neVer used any soap IN THE NURSERY except Wright's Coal Tar Soap. It must be the Soap, and not pure luck." FOUR=PENCE per Tablet.

I The secret of good ironing I is good starching. White- ness, stiffness, smoothness, evenness—all that goes to make good ironing comes from the starch. The hot iron merely brings it out. If it's poor starch, it's bound to be poor ironing. Colman's Starch is pure starch, good starch for ironing. 1 • ~ ,f2l, n p ,e. • ~ i s i,' 1;4 I,l'jP b•AP ' MA N ~-,,, 0 , . A I Sold in Cardboard Boxcs. See that . VI - * 4 /.!, Head Colman's -.l' I—.: , 7; are on Name and '4,i ' the Box. REGD. S. H . B .

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. AFTER TWO PILLS Still FELT EASIER 26, Rutland-street, Brompton-road, April 26th, 1932. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very 111 with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up rny mini to try your Pills. and gave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her up from bed when I came home in the evening. In two or three days she was Ite.well again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all ini rt OE mater. and are,highly restorative. Sold everywhere In bottles, is. 11. and 2s. 9d., or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. BADE'S GOUT & R

- 11: - p 9 ~,., ~, . ... ~.....,.,...... 4.: i - a ~...: •-e• ~..t ... . , ~,..-„A, -,4, . i '... ..'4%Z.4). ;;:41• _lti, , 1:1,N, r, N .11 •,2„... , ill ." =l.' •it. ' 6 t.t.v....,t1 ..,,,, ~. , , 'St-, i ' - • 6 .4, ro' ' -.4 ' ," i ,4 1,4 . A. 4 24t..v . • eq. -.4 -...i. ,-41.• 1 ~.,:s 4' 't me., • - %,.. .4+'' 4 w ;,.;..,. ~,, ,pjAr • A + v..i. PI; •,..,:;.. -4 2.0. - -;,... . _, ° 4:=. - -4 c, •••• 4 ~ . i • ,-.* --Sit' f t. or, ''. Iv • • ,'t t.,,ic ' 46 ....,!..4. '. .4 , . .. •-: -. .. ; A CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT., QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

3-9 41r017:" Blu • 4 rt ~,a.s• /ie.! 'le (1/ ~!../ kell) .• Vft,' •• • t.l:. • ,/ • .111\ .*290, • • Q .11 L 44.1141, I Ni;),

". -0_

- -- , .. , ...r, ,- ~ ..-7.(-1 'ilk . , , .0 - ......_ ~ ~.," ..r- 2—,....,..........,_ rec..> 1 Lt.... 5 -pi- / _ ......„...„..,-1,--- , 1 , ..,..v 1....."...„_-, ( , , rir , ~,,, 0, er .5,.., .....5.5.---- ~,5,..., , ~, w. ) - -1 • / ) ~ •••... 1,.4 ,5141,, ,/,1 , -' 7AA /_' /A . •/, \\ '''. ,_ , it, 4 . ~ I' ''irr ;,..'•' a ; '‘/ i,l , ...1r...., • igrse._.' ' ,-..y. v- . "i:' ''j' *• # .(,‘ . POi ; :,,,„„," - ' , ;,*::: ' r-1,,;.@„49,-. ~ ....7,01,,,,,,h- # , ~,, ',--- , , , t,,,, ~,,- ' , 4,1 ,„:„..,,,,,: --• ,i: „, ,;,...-:,, t., -,..._- ,-- 6 • y V, 44, ."----" 4 r N:„. tt—o. 41,- . '-- 4J ; , . . 4- -v 'II -- "sr, /if 7 •• *.r.'„,:.4f . -,-.-.:•-, :4.- -1,,,v; t.; , 1., t.....• ~, ofre., Jr ../- ' - ' Z 1 Vr '' / 1 ‘',.il '', •+ '' I' O• i'/ .1 :,-;:r -.1W,,, . ,L!. --. . "/,.' •''',, • • ,y-',---.-- - = ~.,-.---- ,-9 • , -,,,...- - k ~.I,_, :' • --ZA- .O,W-i-` ', "'• •• f. ,_- ---_ - V , / . ~... , 7 /4 „,.„,,,, -5,, .......,„,, ~. , „.... ~...,..,, ~.... ...,7. _ , ..., :_............_. . ~,, __.__ ____ .__ _ h' • •',' _iii*_-------7-.- , •-•___,i__ : 71— / A .....___ .„. , ....,..............., ...,,,,, 1 p 4, ,•/ --:-.:1:.* - - - ~..........j....01,....- __..-•','- -1— - -'‘,,,.47' -: - ----_)'• • --'-------=:-----11.1 lip''‘' ~:• . a. .. ..., .„‘ 'cl' , ... --,-- •••" ~- ' .----.— .f.. , '- .-' -- . • ,---:,.:- ---- '"'• I. x.D

VIDLINS, BOW AND CASES MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches, JOHN BYRON', PRA.CTICA.L VIOLIN MXICER AND REPAIRER. , Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAVV(-STREET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

FOR FINEST QUALITY, HOME-CURED WILTSHIRE, IRISH, , DANISH AND CANADIAN BACON AT REASONABLE PRICES TRY JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. , __- CYCLE INFIRMARY IS THE REIOP TO TAKF. YOUR Is BIKE " FOR REPAIP.i. • NO JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. • FREE WHEELS. FITTED IN TWO DaYs. TYRES RE-RIIBBERED AND RE-LINED EQUA TC, NEW IN TWO .DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's tkdie.., 1 hater Lee fittings, Agent foi PahnerTyres. NOTE ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST,

CYCLE INFIRMARY, A FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND HORSES INN." THIS ESTABLISHMENT is OPNN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 O'CLOCK FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVIihPOOL, MA.NCHESTE'it AND BIRSIINGHA.SI DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONICLES, Scc. ALL (MIMI NEWSPAPER PERIODICALS, MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in the IVarrington Country Post' District can be supplied by the first early pleb with an, 0 the above Newspapers by aending their oriers to the abols address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF JOHN ALLEN, LATE OF CHADWICK'S. SCOTLAND-ROAD.

SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR INVALIDS. ?iIALT EXTRACT WITH COD LIVER OIL (BARLEYCORN BRAND) • Is an exceedingly nutritious food, furnishing a- large amount of nourishment in a small spare, and at the same time supplying fat and assist— ing the digestion of other foods. On this account it is specially suitable for invalids, delicater persons and, weakly children. The malt extract is made in vacuo from the best malted barley. Prepared in this way it is far more valuable' than when fermented. Large bottles, containing as much as would be, charged 6s. or snore for by other leading makert, are sold by LOTS 'AS CHEMISTS FOR I 0 s. 020. Smaller nettles. 36. 9d. size for Is. 111. Trial bott!e, 26. size, Eld. LOC.kL ADDRESSFS : 126, BRIDGE STREET, WARRING 5, BRIDGE STREET, j TELEPHONB No' 120.

Ttf.l.`i YEARS A MARTYR TO HEADACHE AND INTERNAL TROUBLES Cured by VITADAI'IO Ft bruary 22nd, 1932: Dear Sir,—lt is with mum gratitude lam able to testify to the great relief from pain I have ha through taking Vitadatio. For ten yearsJ have not known what it WAS to rise in the morning free from headache besides internal troubles, f r which I was treated In the hospial six years ago. However, I obtained no relief, and two veers ago I again went int,i a hospital and underwent a very red ms opera- tion of whirls the reo.oving of a tumour was only Re part. I certainly was a little hetter for a while.then six months ago the doctor told me I bad another tumour forming which ought to be removed. Then I asked myself WAS life worth living. I felt I could, not face another operation n y nerves being completely wrecked through the previous one. Then a friend told my husband to persuade roe to try VITADATIO which I did Al- though I think I have had a dozen bottles, fere, enough to have cured a lifetime's pain. I am 25 years of age I never knew what it was to feel well tll I took the VITA DAM°. I could not walk aril/ distance without suffering agonies Now I can wallr 3 miles ancl led l nothing of it, and did so only last week. l‘lv friends are astonished at the change in roe, and they say I am like a new woman, I know I feel like one, and if by making this public it will benefit others suffering similarly, you are at liberty to do so as VITADATIO is worth its weight in. gold. Yours very gratefully. 46, illadryn St., Liverpool, S. B. ULARK. From all Ohemists and Grocers. Tbe price of Medicine Is 41. 6d. and 2s. 9d. per bottle., For further particulars, S. A. PALMER, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET, MANCHESTER. Corre,pondence Invited, Write for Testimonials.. OBTAINABLE LOCALLY FROM BOOTS, CASH' CHEMISTS.

FOR FI RST-CLASS P:IIVATS DENTISTRY. TEETH. aoDolntmente unneoestAry, bat •ll4v he. • arrange:l: TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient infor=rireblrelufttriand V w ta ‘.lll TEETH. Gold and other 211ings at moAor.ite char7ee. rrEETIT. An M.D., also Lady Attend.' Ls. TEETH. P' ExorfraciViotrnmat: ( hi)tpceierto TEETH. Maker to Dentist' of lo.ooow.ltons weekly. Bxors. of the late J. IT. P ARKINSON (DzzinaT BY EXAB.)7 R. AIADDISON .ATTENDS ST. I.I"(ZI,KNS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRIN(ITON SANKEY-ST& `r. WM)NEF3DAY, to 5. BRIDGE-STRP: 11(IURSDAY, 2 to 5. APPLEMARKET-SV& FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.
