===== 0002601_19030912_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
31kINWFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

From 1 ADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. From 9s. 6d. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL

39, AND 41, DALE STREET.

12, LORD STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
.

(UNDER ROYAL _PA'

MORRELL'S

IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES

WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE!

had wholesale from

SAM N. GRFIRN:MARKETIPL&CR, WARRINGTON

Oburatton.

COD) MERCIAL PRINTING.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and effective.

JOHN WALKER AND CO„

. , • _ • -s-,--4,71-;Mt\;;; .T RO NAG

===== 0002601_19030912_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
i„..„...,....,..,„,,,, „,,........„. . , ~ ~.„ ............ 4 . ..,..., (41) Q. 41........./ X Ilk ultntrio Ai ..,.,.....} -, .

CNE PENNY.

LONDON4W.i

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS nF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S PILLS HAVE A MOUS FEMALE HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

VT BOON TO V °MANKIND.

Therare! the best known Remedy for Aaamia, 7-- Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id, Is lid, 2s 9d. 4s 6d, and Ils, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or ,from the Proprietor. Only Address .309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL.

BY i Posrli 734 per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum is d per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19030912_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
No 1274

ASS YOUR STATIONER FOR

IN K S

===== 0002601_19030912_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
14itt15, PpOros, Zoartittiq 05tab 5 QCARBOROUGH.—GROVE'S BOARDING HOUSE, 13 Pavilion k square, Three minutes spa, etc. Terms 5s 6d to 633 day. Late dinner.

QCARBOROUGH.—ST. AUBYN'S BOARDING-HOUSE , L 7 New Queen street. Sea views. Central. Moderate 2harises.—MLNLGERF.BB.

JR ivy

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY

In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by Instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS, and hat formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone, the total amount lent by him

===== 0002601_19030912_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
HARCOURT'S

PENNYROYAL. STEEL AND TANSBY PILLS, THE BEST REMEDY YOR ILL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES 1/11, 2/9, 4/6, POST FAKE 25, OXFORD/GARDENS, KENSINGTON, W.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEEDED £1,250,000-:

He has received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICITED LETTERS OF THANKS and bas annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances. or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHARGE, on application, either personallyor by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINB BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, :LIVERPOOL OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE t- -20 KENNEDY-STRKET,MANCHESTFR

LA PHILDETTA CIGARS. IL-D BACH, NINE FOR Is. BUST VALUE EVER OFFERED. T. SUDLOW AND CO, CIGAR MERCHANTS, (BETWEEN PARE'S BANK AND CENTRAL STATION), WARRINGTON.

1.

$ ,

' r

1. A,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSEPH WOODWARD, ._ ._

BUILDER AND CONiRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED

UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESIIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTANDED TO.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged_ THETS All consultations free, TEETH. Bath patient Informed beforehand the co of work required.

TEETH. THETII.

TEETH. TEETH.

Gold and other fillings at moderatr charges. An MD., also Lady Attentlants.

?shales' lixtraotion es hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide.

Naker to Detains' of 10.000 gallone weekly. fixors. of the late

J. H PARKINSON H.

(Drrrial EY 8X124.)

MANCHES'TEIL,_.......46, MOSLEY-STILL R T

(Telephone 1860).

MR. 11TADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS GEORGE-STRECT MONDAI . 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6-p.tn

WARRINGTON .....___3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STRHET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH_ 14, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTBR ALBS &LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTBIIS. %WHATLEY'S EfIIIGIBR BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWIOE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Sere w-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Pox, Scarlet Fever, Tvphriid, Diphtheria Scc. BURGLI.I.RY & FIDELITY INSUEANC2 RAILWAY PASSENGERS'

ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. ~LAIMS PAID £4,500,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTRE OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts 1. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Neescliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stree Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willow Bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridg t Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.KoorIid Hous

, is .f

===== 0002601_19030912_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Sitom.

• D 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY to all Respect- Ad able householders, tradespeople,farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, with or without sureties. No fees. Call or write in confidence to the Cheshire Advance Company, 13, Legit street, Sankey street, Warrington ; also at 16, Green- wood street, Altrineharn.

OANi, prompt, £lO and upwards.—Apply GOULD. 4U. _LJ Monk's Road, Winchester ; and bishopsgate, Guildford.

PRIVATE A OVANCBS from £2 and upwards to house- holders on own promise to repay; no fines, no bonds- men.—JoNls, 122 Brook street, Chester.

MONEY TO LEND up to £10,030; Wanted to Purchase Book Debts, Life Assurance Policies, Syndicate to open up Coalfields. Colliery for SaIe.—WILLIAM ARNOLD, bolleitor. Hanley, Staffordshire.

£250,000 oAnTzfdroor tmic poerr cent,le po itto bo et ti edevdasn c fend sums to suit borrowers in any parts of the country.—J. W. READER, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

T ()NOON and PROVINCIAL LOAN CO.. 461, MARICRT STREHT, MANCEIRRTHR, are prepared to make advances to all classes on easy and convenient conditions. Strictest privacy vardnteed. Letters promptly attended to; distance nq object.

LIXPBCTATIONS UNDER WlLLS.—Persons entitled to JD money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount. from £4 p.c. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preferred, loan and interest repayable when legacies are paid. No preliminary charges.—Apply Ma. PEEL. The Arcade. 85 Lord-street, Liverpool.

D"IT BORROVi----OWN where you and the lender are well known. THE BRITISH FINANCE CO.,which is expressly establiehed,and registered pursuant to Act of Parliament. makes PRIVATE ADVANCES to male and female without Loan Office Routine. Interest and repayments Lowest in England. £5 LOAN 23 WEEKLY I £2O LOAN 7s WEEKLY £lO ~ .. £ls „ Monthly and quarterly payments taken. Letters answered and cash brought to your house.—BRITISH FINANCE CO.. 45a, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED, Established 1838, Registered Capital, £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENEIRAW-STREET, LLVERPOOL, Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds. Shares, Policies, Reversions, Annuities. ace. £lO Repayable 5s weeeky. Entire interest...£o 14e 9d £5O ~ 204 .. t, ~ £3 8s Od £lOO „ 40s .. , ~26 15s Od . Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. Stocks and shares bought and sold. —Furthes particulars on application. personally or by letter. Tel. 5438 Liverpool. RICARD DAVIES, Manger.

OUR MOTTO Is PRIVACY AND LENIENCY. WE ARE WILLING TO PROVE) 'PO YOU THAT WE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH . A LOAN AT A LOWER RATS OF INTEREST THIN ANY OTHER OFFICE IN THE DISTRICT. APPLY AT ONCE TO 4.2 69, RAYDOCK OT., EA R LESTOWS AND 1, BAST STREET, ST. HELENS/ ESTABLISHED LAST CENTURY.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AIND BANKING COMPANY, LIBIITBD. 66, VIOTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. BBTVLISHED ABB7 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COMPANIF:E3' ACTB 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,000. LOANS OF £5 TO £5OO are made from periole of one month to three years. upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount rrquired, and the position of the applicant. Also upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Po,icies of Assurance, &c. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THB MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr JOSEPH WADSWORTH, 121, Mersey Street.

EbTABLIBRED 1875. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced ()a NOVI OF HAND A LONR. LOW INTRIIIIST. EASY RIIPAYMBNTS. O PRIILISIINARY FRES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS, 2. KING-STRERT, HA.NLRY ; OR 13, NBWGATB-STRIIRT. CHESTER.

"FROM .E 3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FALL TO GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSITLVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable 15 6d weekly £2O repayable 75 6d weekly. £5 ~ 25 Od £5O 178 6d £lO 39 6d „ £lOO , 39.63 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO,. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 ainto 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTEIDEID TO.

0N E Y .—NO FEES. NO FINES. No SURETIES. NO BILL OF SALE TAKEN. The great secret in borrowing Inoo3y is to find a respect- able place where you are honourably dealt with This old-established office is well known for its respectabil- ity and moderate charge of interest. You can rely on its privacy. Before anplying els3where apply and be convinced TO THE MANAGER (J. CALVERT). Claughton Chambers, St. Helens. All letters promptly attended to.

{Li ~; , 11.1 i t,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030912_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR OANUFNED. The Examiner Saturday, September 12, 1903. FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

CHAPTER XXIII.

We cannot deny that the fashions of late have displayed a leaning towards the grati- fication of the demands of common sense, the short trim walking skirts forming per- haps the most striking example of this the freshest and newest mood of Madame la Mode. Indeed, the girl of to-day puts ap- pearance and comfort on terms of equality when selecting her gowns, a state of affairs vastly different from what existed in fashion- able society a short time ago. This is par- ticularly noticeable in the travelling English girl of the present time, who, instead of donning half worn-out and soiled finery as

THE TREASURES OF TEMAWR.

AT this point Tredegar noticed that the footprints which had hitherto kept close to the wall of the cavern, now branched off at right angles and disappeared into the central darkness. He decided to follow them, and they turned their backs on the long tiers cot tombs and made their way through the vast open grave of the less honoured dead:

- Every twenty yards a gigantic column, cut out apparently from the solid rock, rose up from the sand into the darkness above. These columns, which were nearly twelve feet in diameter, varied considerably in design. Sortie were roughly. hewn, and not even chiselled down to a circular forM ; others were smooth, and richly ornamented with grotesque carving. In all the formal decorations the mystic circle and triangle played a prominent part. • But here and there were rude attempts at pictures. Superior indeed to the conventional design, of the Egyptians, but evidently conceived and executed on traditional lines. Most of them were of a maritime nature—ships and fish floating stiffly on the top of very solid water ; oars, ropes, anchors, such as an intelligent Child of seven might draw on its slate; occasionally, too, the grim repre- sentation of skulls and bones, and here and there a whole skeleton in a fantastic attitude.

At last something else loomed through the darkness, and as they drew near to it they saw that it was a small' temple, supported by eight thick columns of jasper. The canopy above was richly carved, and towered up so high that its summit was lost to sight in the gloom. An inscription ran along the face of it.

They passed between two of the pillars, and saw what looked like a gigantic coffin of white marble. The slab on the top, nearly a foot in thickness, was broken in two pieces, and one half lay on the ground. Tredegar went up to it, and directed the rays of the lantern into the interior. It was half full of a dull grey dust, and out of this protruded a few pieces of black metal, which looked more like scrap iron than anything else.

Tredegar took hold of pne of the pieces and pulled it out from the debris. Then, lo and behold! as it came into the light of the lamp it flashed with all the colours of the rainbow and glittered like a circlet of fire. It was studded with jewels—with diamonds, with rubies, with sapphires, with emeralds, lying on its dull surface like a crest of light on the dark waters of the sea.

Tredegar inspected it closely. It was circular in form, and had probably been a collar for the neck. He took out a penknife and scraped the dull surface, till there was the yellow glint of metal underneath. It was undoubtedly of solid gold, and, indeedi the magnificent jewels which studded it would hardly have been placed in a meaner setting. Then Tredegar set the lantern on the marble slab, and they both rummaged in the dust of the tomb and drew out one thing after another, till the floor was littered with treasure that might have provided the ransom of a dozen kings. Cups, vases, bracelets, chains, rings, ornaments, and vessels of every shape and description, all of gold, and most of them crusted with jewels. The sandy floor beside the tomb glittered like a galaxy of coloured stars. ' But more than once they drew out something of less weight that neither sparkled nor shone, and Mavanwy cried out with horror as the lamp fell on the dull surface. For the bones of a dead man were mingled with what might have been the treasures of an empire. In the excitement of the moment they forgot everything else, and they had not noticed that the candle in the lantern had burnt almost to the socket, and that in a few minutes they would be in darkness. At last the tomb only contained a thick layer of dull grey dust. They passed their hands through this again and again, but found nothing else. Tredegar looked at the glittering heap upon the floor and smiled. "Do you realise what this means, Mavanwy ?" he said. "It means a lot of money," she replied, with a sigh. "It means," he said, triumphantly, "that after the Government have taken their share of this treasure trove I shall Iv a rich man, and-"

He stopped. In the excitement he had forgotten all that had happened. I am glad," Mavanwy said, turning her face away from the light. "I am very glad, Emrys." "And you, Mavanwy ?" he cried, trying to take her hand.

" I shall still be as I am now," she an- swered faintly, moving a little away from him. "But lam glad—'for your sake." Tredegar frowned, and kicked the heap of ' gold and jewels. A gemmed cup flew tink- ling against the marble slab. "I beg your pardon," he said brusquely. "I had forgotten. I will not refer to the future. But with reference to the past, du you see what this means ? " Mavanwy shook her head. Indeed, she was not trying to think of the past. The dull future occupied all her mind. "The Walroyds ! " Tredegar said. " This explains much. The tomb is only hall full. This is the secret of their wealth, but Heaven knows how they discovered it. In the last hour much has been made plain to me. Walroyd's visits to the old lead mine. Mr. Cantrip's relations with his empioyer. Walroyd's eagerness to buy the property. I understand everything. But I expect he has taken the last penny from this bank of his, What, remains is for me—and the Govern- ment. I fancy ,the latter will have a con- siderable bill against Mr. Walroyd, and that PI "Oh, Emrys," she broke in hurriedly, " the lantern ! "

He walked round and noticed that• the light had grown very low and that it had begun to flicker ominously. "Great Heavens ! " he cried; "we must go at once." "I fancy we are too late," slle replied.

"I have two boxes of matches," he said; "we must get along with these. Come along at once, Mavanwy, we must make our way forward. It is hopeless to go back now. There must be an opening the other side of the cavern. At any rate it is cur only chance."

They hurried off from the tomb, but before they had gone half a dozen yards, the light leapt up in a last flicker, and they were in darkness.

Tredegar lit a match,. but the cool current of air that swept through the cavern blew it. out. He lit another, and yet another, shied- ing them with his hand. But the light was so uncertain and fitful that it was almost worse than useless, and served only to in- tensify the darkness. At last Tredegar stopped and laid his hand on Mavanwy's arm. "This is hopeless," he said, "and we are only wasting the matches. I have to cover them with my hand, and they give no light •at all. We will return."

They groped their way back in the dark ness, shuffling silently through the sand, and wandering from pillar to pillar till they reached the tomb, more by good fortune thar by any definite knowledge of the route. Then suddenly a small speck .of ]igh!' gleamed in the 'darkness, and moved slowly towards them. Tredegar whispered to Mav- anwy, and they both crept away from the tomb and hid behind one of- the great columns which supported the roof of the Lavern. The light disappeared every now and then, but it came nearer and nearer, and in a few minutes they heard the sound of soft footsteps in the sand, and the occasional click of a boot against the bones on the ground. The. semi-circle of light still advanced, but all was darkness behind it, and it was not until it was within a few yards of them that tl ey saw the shadowy figure of the man that carried it. He advanced to the tomb, and placing a lanterp op the marble slab, leant over the side and feered into the vault. Then for the first time the light fell on his features. It was John T. Walroyd. They saw a sudden look of rage and feat cross his face. The lantern was snatched

$

-4\l r _,. i • ,t\' , , • Or<s ,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A TWEED GOWN,

."good enough" for a railway journey, gratifies the eyes of all beholders by her quiet yet well-built tailor-made costume. The days are now It tppily included in the past when people considered their oldest and -ugliest clothes the most suitaNe for travel- ling. This improvement has no doubt been brought about not wily by the good taste of the leaders of the world of dress, but by the increased comfort and cleanliness offered to the travelling public, by the railway and steamship companies. A girl who wishes to inspire a feeling of admiration in her own circle and in the eyes of all she may meet should aim at a next trim appearance, and select for her travelling toilette colours which do not show dust or stains. Black should, therefore, never be chosen, for it shows every speck of dust and is hot looking; grey, brown, or a mlxed tweed are the best shades. The gown sketched is of a so-called heather mixture, very m'ell cut and fitted, the smart little coat worn over a simple but modish blouse. A bright red leather belt and a red quill in the hat give a pleasing touch of -colour to the tout ensemble.

A gown to be really comfortable wear when travelling by land or by sea must be -made with a plainness and severity of style above everything. as any elaborate trim- mings only serve to catch dust and dirt, and

~t, ,:1-.1..Z.:•- '' ' •_ 4, v", fe ‘...7i11k d\ o • . o 4T3', , 0 6 ;I n. / Y I /

===== 0002601_19030912_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A REEFER COAT:

-therefore the whole toilette soon exhibits a general effect of shabbiness while yet com- paratively new. This is a particularly undesirable state of affairs to those to whom expense is a great consideration and the -purchase of a new frock a matter for much meditation. A serge frock, however, is one of the most- satisfactory investments one can make, provided always that it is well cut and fitted. A gown of this description can always hold its own amongst much more gorgeous toilettes; and this year a bright shade of blue serge is much in vogue, the serge being of a very fine light make. Just now when the evenings are apt to be chilly outdoor wraps demand their meed of attention. Very comfortable and easy to slip on is the little reefer coat sketched, which is in fact an old friend restored to our affections by the revolution of the wheel of fashion. There is, to. be true, a change in the sleeve which partakes of the nature of a modified bell shape widening out at the wrist. It is made of blue serge, and is daintily lined, with oyster satin. There are also the three-quarter sac coats which are

,i,j, 41-4 ur) fir • _ \ ' '•k/1 ' • itxga -,... _ . • 4.... ' •-'0 • . . '4 . Ay „.„„„;.1.4........1.71,/ • or ....4,,, .. .to. . ._ r-r\ ..,,, N

===== 0002601_19030912_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY HAT:

always in favour, while for driving a sort of modified Inverness cape or coat with a semi- fitting back, loose fronts and cape-like sleeves, has a certain amount of vogue amongst those who are in search of novel- ties. Rather difficult to describe are the long loose capes with sleeves fashioned after the style of the extinct dolman, but very com- fortable they, prove in wear. Indeed, as I have said before, fashion and comfort have united their forces that one can look forward undisturbed to the autumn modes. The military-looking coat of serge or cloth with its fulness caught in at the back by a wide strap or band buttoned at either side is a cosy wrap to which we willingly return as the season advances. Just now these coats are' to be seen expressed in lighter materials, such as alpacas, and form smart dust cloaks. In this case, hcwever, they are generally made with a well-fitting shoulder cape. The pretty hat depicted is of burnt straw trimmed with clusters of red and black currants and their leaves. it is caught at the upturned side by a strapping and bow of scarlet velvet, and is an exceedingly stylish and smart-looking piece of headgear, which could be worn on into the autumn without being termed de mode. It is wonderful how early felt hats have this season made their appearance; and, indeed, a friend of mine who unexpectedly found herself in immediate need of . a straw hat had much difficulty in obtaining any- thing at all smart, as all the best milliners seemed to have only the remnants of their sales on view, all of which bore traces of their past experiences, or else a number of sporting-looking felt hatsJ

COQ UETTIII

===== 0002601_19030912_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE

_

===== 0002601_19030912_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- '

===== 0002601_19030912_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Emperor of Austria.—The reception accorded to the King at Vienna was as enthusiastic as his Majesty could desire, though there was an ancient feud between the Guelphs and Hapsburghs, in which the former ulti- mately lost all their possessions. The King,it is known, entertains the highest regard for t4e Emperor Francis Joseph, who is regarded in Austria Hungary with much the same affection as was bestowed upon Queen Victoria in this country. The Emperor's private life has been full of sorrow and he seldom attends th eatres, or other places of amusement. Shooting, and hunting are his principal recreations, and in spite of the rigid Court etiquette at Vienna, the Emperor manages to live simply,and is both an early riser, and a hard worker. Royal Movements.—The King has been the guest of Lord and Lady Savile at Rufford Abbey for the Don- caster races, and His Majesty will reside at Balmoral until the end of the first week in October. Amongst other visits the King is expected to be the guest of Sir Reginald and Lady Gordon Cathcart at Cluny Castle before returning South. The Queen who has gone to Copenhagen to join the numerous family guests whom King Christian always entertains at this time of the year, will remain abroad until the end of next month. The Court will then be at Sandringham, where their Majesties will entertain some shooting parties. The Rufford Ghost.—Rufford Abbey, the seat of Lord and Lady Savile, in Notts, is a modern mansion, but it is built on the site of an ancient monaitery, and is declared to le haunted by a well-authenticated ghost. ' The King has on several occasions, stayed at Rufford Abbey, when Prince of Wales but his Majesty has never seen the ghostly vision, thoiigh several persons of un- doubted veracity have declared they have done so. A well-known lady was once greatly alarmed by seeing its reflection in her dressing glass, and she afterwards gave a detailed description of its appearance. Ghosts are somewhat discredited in these days, but however imaginary they may be, they have often had a very real effeec in killing people with fright, and the Ruffcird ghost is said to have terrorised more than one man into an untimely death. The Ducal Wedding.—The wedding of the Duke of Roxburghe and Miss May Goelet is to take place in November, and if the wishes of Mr. Goelet are to be followed, it will be carried out upon a scale of magnifi- cence seldom ifoever equalled in American society. The Duke is said to be opposed to anything like ostentatious display, but in such matters, men seldom manage to get their own way. lathe choice of an American bride, the Duke of Roxburghe has but followed the example of the Duke of Marlborough, andthe Duke of Manchester, and precedents established on these occasions will no doubt have their influence upon the arrangements of the Ducal marriage. The Goelets derive their wealth from Real estate in New York, and rank among the "knicker- bocker class of society in America, but the statement that Miss Goelet has a fortune of £5,000,000 is scarcely correct. No doubt she has a large independent fortune, but she has only a life interest in the bulk of the property under her father's will. The Ducal Mansions.—The two seats of the Duke of Roxburghe, Floors Castle and Broxmouth Park, are intimately associated with stirring incidents in Scottish history, so that if the future Duchess is anything. of an antiquary, she will find much to interest her In the surroundings of the Ducal mansions. Of Floors Castle, which is situated close to the border about a mile from Kelso, Sir Walter Scott said it combined "the ideas of ancient grandeur with those of modern taste." Since then additions and improvements have been made to the Castle and the gardens and grounds have been beaulii- fully laid out. It was here—the scene of so many border conflicts—that James 11. of Scotland was killed in 1460. Broxmouth also stands on classical ground, for close by is the scene of the Battle of Dunbar, where Cromwell triumphed over tho Scottish army on September 3rd, 1650.

Summer Tragedies.—The summerhas been remarkable not only for its bad weather but also for the large number of "mysterious disappearances" in which young women have generally been the cause'of anxiety. It is notorious that the number of suicides always greatly increases in the summer time, but if climatic conditions are the governing factor, in such cases, this year ought to have been an exception, seeing that we have had so little real summer weather. Yet there has been more than the usual epidemic of tragedies and "disappear- ances" and to these must be added a new class of victims, those people who utterly forget who they are, and where they live. Several young women have been found in this condition lately, their minds being an utter blank as to their own identity. Of all the forma of mental relapse, this seems the most strange, as the victims are, as a rule, perfectly sane and in excellent health. _ . .

Pockets.—Though the tailors are no more laslish in the matter of pockets in skirts than are dressmakers, they are certainly doing their best to make up the de- ficiency by giving us a great many pockets in our coats. The drawback to this arrangement is that we do not ilways need a coat, still one must be thankful for small mercies where the whims and fancies of Dame Fashion are concerned. What we shall do when the pouched blouse is no more, it is difficult to say. The amount of odds and ends it is possible to store into this receptacle is little short of marvellous, and such a state of affair compensates in no inconsiderable degree for our still quite pocketless condition. A Barbarous Custom.—Birds of every possible size and plumage are in evidence in all the second and third rate millinery establishments, the sea pigeon and king- fisher being apparently preferred above all others by callous purchasers. Now so many leaders of fashion decline to wear these dead birde!that they are happily no longer really modish, and it is to be trusted that in the fulness r of time lesser lights will come to regard the matter from the same standpoint. Fashionable Headgear.—Cloth toques with the fur brims promise to enjoy a wide vogue this autumn and coming winter, a quill, a cluster of flowers, or aknot of ribbon, being the only trimming necessary. Felt, and silk and beaver hats too, will be very popular, and with a tailor-made gown, nothing is more suitable or smart looking. Many a costly tailor-made costume is spoilt by impossible headgear. This to be correct, should be plain, neat, and business-like, with nothing about it that even our climate can spoil. Dearer Preserves.—The failure of the fruit crop and the increased prioe of sugar, are responsible for making jam much dearer, and housewives who have to cater for large families will feel the difference. Those who are fortunate enough to have had any fruit of their own grow- ing to spare, will have done well to preserve it for winter use, as, contrary to the old fashioned ideas, it is now held that sweets and jams when pure are excellent food for growing children. .But many people have given up making jams. It can always be had of excellent quality from the grocery stores though now we are told it is going to be considerably dearer. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
OVERWORKED GIRLS. Interview with one of the Victims

Shop and Factory girls have the advantage of regular hours, and there are inspectors whose duty it is to see that the'conditions under which they work are sanitary, and that the hours do not exceed the legal limit. There is, however, a class—Domestic Servants—which enjoys no such benefits. _ .

The strongest constitution may be broken down by overwork. The story of a young servant in Lincoln , shire, showing how she regained her health by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people is very interesting reading. The girl's name is Charlotte Wood, and she resides at 310, Willingham-street, Great Grimsby. When Miss Wood talked to a reporter of the "Grimsby Daily Telegraph," she at the very outset declared her firm belief that her recovery was due to Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people and to nothing. else. "It was indigestion and anmnza that caused the trouble," said Miss Wood, "and it was brought on through overwork in a house. I was really not strong enough for the work I did. l'he first thing I noticed the matter with me was loss of sleep. That was about ten or eleven months ago. I could not sleep at all, and very soon had pains in the chest and back, by which at last I was laid up. I had no appetite, and in fact felt better when I did not eat, for whenever I did take any- thing it caused dreadful pain. I could not even drink a glass of water without vomiting. I suffered like this for over five months."

"And what induced you to give Dr. Williams' pink pills a trial?" "It was owing to the advice of a friend. She had had ulcer of the stomach, and received considerable benefit from Dr. Williams' pink pills. She strongly re- commended me to get some. I did get a box, and after taking the contents felt great relief. I then got a second box and it was really wonderful how much better it made me. A third box entirely cured me." "And were these all you took ?" "I had only four boxes, which I took during about two months, I am now in good health, which is all owing to Dr. Williams' pink pills, for before I took them I am certain I was going down the hill." Here is one of the many cases in which Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people—the genuine pills, not a sham or substitute, but Dr. Williams'—have made a new being of a suffering, anmmic invalid. Thousands of strong men and women who were once miserable weaklings, 'owe their health to the same remedy. Ana3mia, bile, consumption, fits, gout, headache, indiges- tion, kidney disease, paralysis, rheumatism, St. Vitus' dance, have all been cured after all other treatment proved futile. Williams Medicine Co„ Holbom-viaduct, London, send post free for two and ninepence, but the genuine pills can be obtained everywhere,provided care is taken to avoid substitutes lacking Dr. Williams' name. The injury inflicted on the Constitution of Girls by Overwork, in Houses as well as Factories and Shops, is incalculable. We have indicated above the way in which the trouble can be met. But it is time that Employers realise that they inflict a real hardship on Girls whom they overwork.

The exports from the United Kingdom last mont show an increase of £1,365,058, compared with August 1902. _ _ _

Machinery, yarns, and textile fabrics and leather manufacturers all show large increases in experts.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
4sititait. ,r.itte":4.l;? 04,1711Wwignis i KA,„„,,,,,,,„, tx .. ~. , 811# THING.

BY HARRIS BURLAND, AUTMOR OF 'DACOBRiCETC.

CHAPTER XXll.—Continued

"1 cannot speak of what I saw that even- ing," she said. "It is too horrible! After it—after my father—l was seized, and only prayed that I might die without pain. Then I fainted, and remember no more till I woke up in the darkness. Fortunately, I had a box of matches in my pocket, and lighting them one after the other I tried to make my way out of these endless passages and gal- leries and caverns. Every moment I ex- pected to see the monster that had killed my father. Every drop of water that fell from the roof, and every flake of rock that tinkled to the ground concentrated a year of agony into the space of a second. In the last few days I have died a dozen deaths. Oh, Emrys, thank God that you have come! —though when you touched my hair I thought that it was—" "But food ?" he said, hurriedly opening his knapsack. "I have some here. How have you existed ?" "I will tell you," she continued; "it almost seems like a miracle. In the course of my wanderings I came to a high ledge on the wall of one of the caverns. I thought it would be a good place to conceal myself, and, after many attempts, succeeded in get- ting up to it. There, to my surprise, I found a lantern, half a dozen candles, a store of matches, and a large stock ot provisions— tinned and potted meats, biscuits,L etc. I could have lived here fOrta month."

"I don't think it is an .interposition of Providence," Emrys answered, slowly. He was thinking of Walroyd's visits to the shaft, and when he had put two and two to- gether the 4hole thing seemed very far short of a miracle.

Where is this food ?" he asked, after a pause, "I will show you," she replied. "It is \not far from here. In spite of all I have gone through, I have kept my wits about me. I have marked the rock every twenty yards, and can find my way about. I cannot under- stand, though, why I have not been able to find any way of escape from this horrible dungeon." She led the way to the ledge, stopping every minute to examine the wall of the pas- sage and find the large crpsses she had scratched on the stone. When they reached the spot, Tredegar examined the store of provisions. He found a tin-opener and two knives, but nothing that would give any clue to the person who had placed them there. Then he opened one of the. biscuit-tins. • It was labelled " Osborne," but contained "Bath Olivers," and he suddenly recol- lected that the only night he had ever dined with the Walroyds they had had these bis- cuits with their cheese. He also remem- bered John Walroyd saying that it was the only English biscuit he really cared for. He decided to tell Ma.vanwy all he knew about Walroyd, and he did so in as few words as possible. When he had finished his story she shook her head, wild looked at him as though asking for some ' explanation. He was silent, and appeared to be thinking of some possible solution to the mystery. " I don't understand," Mavanwy said. "It does not seem to me that Walroyd could •have any possible business in this place. And lam sure that no one would come here for pleasure. The darkness, the silence, and the awful terror which lies hidden somewhere in these depths- Oh, Emrys, if we should meet it! I cannot describe to you the horrible fear I have of it !" .

"1 ask nothing better than to meet it," Tredegar replied, grimly. " I came here, first on the chance of finding you, and then to get to close quarters with this monster. My innocence cannot be established till it is captured or killed. I intend to kill it ! I thank God that he has given me the strength to do so. You are not afraid of it, Mavanwy, when yo 4 are with me ?" She looked for a moment on his gigantic form, and smiled.

"No, Emrys," she replied, "I am not afraid—now—with you. But what is it? A man or a beast? How did it come here ?" Emrys was silent. He did not wish her ' to know the truth. The secret of this creature's identity could never be confided to any living soul. He owed that much to Cynthia.

Have you no views on the subject ?" she asked, after a pause. "Yes," he answered: "I think that it is human—a homicidal maniac. But it has sunk to the level of a beast, and must be regarded as such. However, we are not concerned with it till it shows itself. Our first business is to get out of here—for you to get out of here. I shall return when you are safe. I have my work yet to do." They set off on their search. The lantern burned but feebly in the close atmosphere, and they could only see half a dozen yards in front of them. Every twenty paces they stopped and made a cross on the rock with a piece of sharp stone. They hardly spoke to each other. Mavanwy's face was wan and pinched after all the terrors she had experienced, and she was almost too tired to drag her feet along. Tredegar's thoUghts were none too pleasant, though he tried to conceal the bitterness of them from Mavanwy. He did not know what had come between them, but he felt that the occasion called for some display 'of affection, and that whatever laws Mavanwy had made unto herself should have been relaxed under the circumstances. She had stood face to face with a horrible death, and the sudden re- action would have excused a departure from the course she had marked out for herself. He thought pitterly that if she had any real affection for him she would have flung her- self into his arms, and given way at least for a moment to the dictates of her heart. From time to time Ae looked at him ner- vously, and made as though she would speak but she dared not trust herself; and they wandered through the long galleries and pas- sages in silence. After an hour's fruitless search, they came to a part of the mine which neither of them remembered to have passed through before. Mavanwy was certain on this point, for there were no crosses on the walls. Tredegar could not be quite so sure, as he had made most of his exploration in darkness. It was a higlt cavern, so high that the feeble light of the lantern could not penetrate to the root. They crossed it, and came to a narrow tunne! on the far side.

Then suddenly a cool draught came up from the dark entrance, and the candle ir the lantern flickered. "There is some communication with the open air here," said Tredegar. "My worlll what a relief to be able to breathe !"

They stopped for a moment, and, peering down the passage, drank in the fresh breeze. Then they proceeded through the archway.. The tunnel was very narrow, and sloped rapidly downwards. The roof glistened with moisture, and there appeared to be a crystal line deposit on the walls. Tredegar scraped off a little of it with his nail, and put his finger in. his mouth. It tasted of salt, and he guessed that this part of the workings ran under the sea. There was, however, no sigr, of any lead ore, and he feared that it might prove to be a cul-de-sac which had been aban- doned by the miners in disgust. However, as they proceeded down in,to bowels of the earth, the current of air seemed to increase in volume, and Tredegar fancied that he could scent the salt breezes of the sea. It appeared as though they must be nearing an opening of some sort. - At last they came to a small heap of broket+ rock, and beyond it the tunnel narrowed so considerably that Tredegar could hardly squeeze his gigantic frame between the two

sides of it. The floor was two feet deep in debris, and the roof was so low that he had to bend almost double to pass under it. He s.topped and inspected the walls witn the lantern. He gave a low whistle of surprise. "This has been excavated 'quite recently," he said, turning to Maya nwy. " .^-ot more than a year ago, at any rate. I shOuld like to discover who has done it, and why it has been done."

He moved on a few 'paces, and then sud- denly he stopped. The feeble light of the lantern showed nothing but a dark abyss before them. He shrank back from the edge,. and told Mavanwy to stand still. Then he crept cautiously forward on his hands and knees, and saw that a long flight of rudely excavated stone steps ran sideways down the face of the precipice. The ground ap, peared to be some forty feet below them, and there was a .glimmer of white at the bottom when the lantern ivas directed downwards into the darkness.

"Take hold of my hand, Mavanwy," Tredegar said, "and keep close to the wall. You will be quite safe. I will go first. Or I will carry you if you like." "1 would rather hold your hand," Alavanwy replied. "I am not afraid." The two descended cautiously step by step till they reached the bottom, and their feet sank deep into a layer of fine white sand. Tredegar stooped and picked. up a handful. It was full of broken pieces of shell and dried seaweed, and it was so dry that it ran out between his fingers before he had time to thoroughly examine it. Then he looked carefully round; and saw what he quite ex- pected to see—innumerable footprints 'crossing the sand in every direction. They walked along by the wall, and noticed that the bottom part of it was hollowed out as though by the action of the sea. Every now and then they came across small round pebbles and boulders. It was quite evident that at some distant period the ocean had flowed into this wide cavt.rn.

When they had gone about fifty yards. they both stopped and' looked at each other in amazement. For havn• out in the wall of rock there was a low - archway, and set deep in this was a door of rough dark wood, heavily clamped with iron. Tredegar seized a rusty iron handle and turned it. But the door did not open. Then he threw all his gigantic weight against it, but it did not give an inch, though they heard the hinges creak and the lock rattle in its socket.. "I must break it open," he said, looking' rather doubtfully at the solid mass of oak and iron. "You had better stand away, Mavanwy." She retreated a few paces and Tredegar, picicing up a' boulder that must have weighed nearly two hundredweight, hurled it with all his force at the lock The cavern rever- brated with the crash, and the missile split into two pieces. A huge dent in the wood, and the plate of the lock, crumpled and torn like a piece of paper, showed the fearful strength of the blow. But the lock itself still held, though one of the timbers of the door had craeked in the middle, and the top half had been driven an inch inwards.

Tredegar took up another boulder from the soft sand and sent it spinning against the other side of the door with such force that the stone crumbled, into a hundred fragments, and, the hinges gave way, tearing out the staples from the solid rock. Then he went up to the door, and catching hold of it with both hands literally wrenched the timber off the lock and flung it out into the darkness beyond. .

then they both stepped through the opening. In front of diem loomed another huge cavern, and the light of the lamp showed 'a massive pillar rising trom the floor and dis- appearing in the darkness above. Tredegar's foot struck something hard, which was half- buried in the sand. He stooped and un- covered it, and then' tried to bury it again before Mavanwy could catch a glimpse of its smooth yellow surface. It was a human skull, but he need not have taken the trouble to conceal it, for as far as the yellow light of the lantern shone, the whole floor was dotted with them, and human bones stuck out from the 'sand like sticks in every direction. Mavanwy cried out aloud in horror, and turned her eyes away. from the ghastly scene to the walls of the cavern.

Tredegar threw the light of the lantern upon them, and they saw niche after niche cut in the rock, and stretching away tier after tier into the darkness. And in each niche there was a perfect skeleton lying on its back, with its arms folded across its breast, and its hollow eyes staring at the rocky canopy above it. For a few moments Mavanwy and Tredegar neither moved nor spoke, but gazed in silence on the awful spectacle before them. The dim light of the lantern intensified the horror of the scene. It would have been sufficiently gruesome in broad daylight, but the feeble yellow flame that was almost swallowed up in the darkness, lent an air of mystery to the whole picture, and suggested sights even more terrible in the glooln beyond. Then Tredegar laughed, and the sound of his laughter echoed and re-echoed through the cavern, till it seemed as though he 'were being mimicked by a hundred voices of the dead.

" I don't think they'll hurt us," he said. "It's not worse than the catacombs at Rome must have been. I should think it would be most interesting to an antiquarian. I wonder who they are, and how they got here? Ancient Britons, I expect. Perhaps some of our ancestors, Mavanwy. " Don't jest, Emrys," she replied, gravely. " I think it is terrible !" and she shuddered. "„Well, we are not concerned with them, Mavanwy. Our business is to get out of here: We must be near an opening.. Do you notice how cool the air is? One can almost smell the sea." "Let

" Let us go on," she said, hurriedly. us get out as quickly as possible." They proceeded slowly along by the wall of the cavern, following the line of numerous footprints in the sand. It was evident that someone had passed to, and fro several times in this direction. Mavanwy kept her eyes on the ground, picking her way carefully among the bones and skulls. But Tredegar scrutinised the niches in the hope of finding some clue to their history and origin. When they' had gone about a hundred yards, he stopped and examined one of them more closely, It was almost twice the size of the others, and its edges were decorated with a rude border of scroll work and fantastic ,ymbols4 He held the lantern close up to it, and then gave an exclamation of surprise. In the centre of the top border, and surrounded by a wreath of what might have been oak- leaves, there was carved the same strange symbol which he had seen on the half disc of gold—the same, too, as that which had been engraved on Mr. Morgan's ring—a right- angled triangle, with the right angle at the centre of a circle.

The circumstance was so extraordinary that for the moment all other thoughts passed out of his mind. He called Mavanwy's attention to it, and she, too, forgot the horrors of the place in her amazement. Neither of them could trace any connection between these catacombs and a curio which had been picked up on a lonely Pacific island. Mavanwy regarded it as a curious coincidence; but Tredegar—who knew, at any rate, to whom the disc had once belonged—saw only another link in the mystetious chain of circumstances -4hich was being ?...sawly forged 'about his life.,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
from the slab, and its light thrown on the heap of gold and jewels, and then round in a circle through the darkness,. as though in the hope of discovering who had been meddling with the treasure. Tredegar and Mavanwy drew back their heads sharply before the light fell on the pillar behind which they were con- cealed,

Then Walroyd looked for a moment at the footprints in the sand, and drawing out his revolver, walked straight 'up to them, and flashed the lantern in their faces.

Tredegar would have sprung upon him there and then and risked the chance of being shot, but Mavanwy laid one hand on his arm and implored him to restrain himself.

For -a few seconds neither of the three spoke. Then Walroyd drew back a couple of paces, and smiled sardonically. "We have been looking everywhere for you, Miss Morgan," he said in a tone of re- pressed fury. I am glad to find you have been in such safe hands—with the murderer Of your father."

" You infernal scoundrel," cried Tredegar hoarsely. "Do you mean to suggest that Miss Morgan has been with me f?ir the last few days ? "

" Appearances are rather against you," Walroyd replied. "But in any case, you may consider yourself my prisoner. I will take care that you do not escape again." Tredegar crouched low behind the pillar, and his great muscles quivered like the sinews of a wild beast about to spring. But again Mavanwy, whispered in his ear.. She knew that Walroyd could hardly miss him at that distance, and that the American's eye was as keen as his hand was sure.

"You blackguard ! " Tredegar said; "you had better not let me get within arm's length of you, or I will choke the life out of you." I will take your advice," Walroyd replied. "You are not likely to get much closer to me than you are at present." "What do you intend to do ? " asked Tredegar, wishing to gain time, while he thought out some scheme for depriving Wal- rovd of his weapon. "I have told you. You are my prisoner." • _ .

"I have a proposition to mike," Tredegar replied. "Both 1 and Miss Morgan know your secret. If you will conduct us out of this place, and let me go free, and•say nothing of what has happened, we will keep silence about the treasure and undertake not to interfere with your disposal of it." Walroyd did not answer, but he kept his keen eyes on Tredegar's face, and raised his revolver a little so as to cover his heart. Walroyd's own face was in darkness, and neither Tredegar nor Mavanwy could read his thoughts. Then Walroyd laughed. "it is for me to make terms," he said, "and my terms are these. Unless you both swear a solemn oath to say nothing of the treasure, I shall ensure your silence in my own way." "And that way is ? " Tredegar *queried. Walroyd shrugged his shoulders. "When is a man most silent ? " he asked.

"You mean that you will kill us both," Tredegar said. "I have no doubt you would shoot me like you would a dog. But Miss Morgan ? " "I would never offer violence to a lady," he replied courteously. "But lam afraid I should be compelled to decline to show Miss Morgan the way out of the cavern. And she doubtless would not wish to leave you." Tredegar's blood ran cold with horror. In a moment of time he saw the terrible fate of the woman he loved, condemned to linger out her life in darkness with no companionship but .his own dead body. A more fiendish scheme had never been designed by man. It would be a thousand times wirse than death. Tredegar prayed that he might restrain himself, and keep a cool head. For he knew now that whatever he swore Walroyd would kill them 'both. The oath would be a farce. Walroyd knew well 'enough that Tredegar;s innocence was already on the way to be proved, that he himself had described the murderer of Dennis Riley, and that those who had pre- viously been hunting for Erirys Tredegar were now in search of another man. But Walroyd supposed that Tredegar had been hiding in the lead mine, and that he was ignorant of the circumstances attending Riley's death. So he had proposed an alter- native bargain, in the hope that Tredegar would refuse, and that the murder would not have to be done iil cold blood. Tredegar was not prepared to enlighten him on this point. "I think," he said, after a pause, "that you would ran rather a risk. Miss Morgan might find her way out, and then—well ?" Miss Morgan might reach the bottom of the shaft," Walroy-d replied. " But I think I could put two or three obstacles in her way. And, to tell you the truth, Tredegar, I have made up my mind to have the shaft covered over. It is dangerous. I should like to know your decision as soon as possible." Tredegar had made up his mind. Twelve feet of rock stood between him and Walroyd. He saw the folly of leaving his position, and marching tamely in _front of another man's revolver till such time as the latter should think fit to put a bullet in his back. The darkness was all in his favour. Walroyd's lantern would only betray his own where- abouts. The advantage would be with the pursued, who could slip from pillar to pillar, and chance a stray shot till an opportunity offered itself. His only fear was for Mavanwy. He drew her close to him and whispered in her ear.

"He means to kill us both in any case," he said. ".It is better to have it out with him now. I will lead him a pretty dance through the darkness. I run no risk. Directly he follows me away from here, slip into the tomb and lie down. You will be safe there from a chance bullet."

"If he kills you !" she whispered, in terror.

"It's not likely," Tredegar answered. "Be brave, my darling." He drew her closer still to him, so that a strand of her hair touched his cheek. But he could feel her shrink away from him, and he did not kiss her.

"Well," said ' Walroyd, sharply. "Have you decided ?"

(To be continued,)

===== 0002601_19030912_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BACK TO THE LAND.

It has often been asserted that to mike a nation healthy it must get back to the land. A great deal of truth lies :in such a 'statement, but it is nevertheless a fallacy to think that country life is always conducive to health. Our representative was recently at Beeston in Nottinghamshire, and called in at Padge Farm to see Mrs. S. A. Chamberlain, who had some interesting things to say upon this subject. Now, although she has been a country woman all her life, yet at times she has battled with might and main against sickness. "My troubles commenced," she said, "nine years ago, when I was attacked with diabetes. For a long time I was under medical treatment, and when atllast I was declared to be well I was in reality in a low and weakcondition. From the illness of nine years ago I never recovered, and to such a state did I sink, that it was impossible for me to take any food with pleasure. The breaking-up of my health brought me to a state of general debility. This, to a woman who must be ever at her work, is a terrible thing. Moreover, I became constipated, and this, com- bined with my weak condition, was more than I could bear., For days at a time I would be in a hot, feverish and excited condition. I tried medical men in Nottingham in order to see whether it were possible to obtain some relief for my long pent- up sufferings. But all was of no use, for the dozens of different remedies I tried still left me far from experiencing the joys of good health. Relief came at last, however, for looking through a newspaper I came across an account of the cure of a case as bad, if not even worse, than my own, by Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. I made up my mind that I would give them a fair trial. A few bottles have made a most wonderful change in my health. My constipation has left me, and once more I am enjoying the blessings of perfect health." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills are a. positive cure for liver and kidney complaints, bilious- ness, indigestion, constipation, piles, dyspepsia, foul breath, sallow complexion, 1 and female ailments. They are a perfect blood purifier, curing eczdn:a, pimples and blotches. Sold by leading chemists and stores, price is. lid. per bottle. If unable to obtain where you reside, Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills may be had post free on receipt of price from the W. H. Comstock Company, Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue, .London,E.C. There are many points in favour of the back to the land movement. It would hardly seem, however, from the investigations made at Padge Farm, that the health of the community will be made better by its realisation, unless preventive measures are taken to safeguard the public.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'4.'4 4.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
1 .......-.:1 ' . -it„, ,t-iiii,, 3 ~•,..i...; • . i • mmr 11 A, "lt ::... I; -:<,,,,,-,. I :P 1 i,..' 1. It'eliP,'4.-1 q."A" •

A DAILY POW LUXURY!

BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure, Nutritious: and easily digested. Eggs often disagr" ' BIRD'S CUSTARD never.

_ BIRD'S CUSTARD is the ono thin° needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavor and imParts to thins a grateful mellowness.

NO ECCS! NO RISK!, NO TROUBLE!

===== 0002601_19030912_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK

TWO NEW COLONIAL GOVERNORS.

The promotion- of Lord Northcote to the fbigbly important post of Governor-General of .Australia in the natural course of events left a vacancy at Bombay, about which there has been considerable speculation in political 'circles. Nov it is announced that Lord Lamington has accepted the post and. will proceed there immediately to take up the duties. Lord Lamington, who is forty-three years of age, has been prominent in politics .ever since he came down from Christ Church, 'Oxford, at the beginning of the eighties. He sat for some years as M.P. for St. Pancras, and was private secretary to the late Marquis of 'Salisbury during tho Home Rule crisis. In 1890 he succeeded to the title and five years 'later he was appointed Governor of Queens- land. In that same year he married the daughter of Lord Newlands, and a son and heir was born to them in the colony, who bears amongst his other names that of " Bris- bane " to mark the fact. Another new Governor is Sir Henry Arthur Blake, who is exactly twenty years older than Lord Lamington. He is at the present time at Hong - Kong, to which he Was :appointed in 1898, but he has been chosen

;LORD LAMINGTON. SIR H. A. BLAKE, G.C.M.G. 10 succeed Sir West Ridgeway at Ceylon. His career has ben most distinguished. Sir Henry Blake started life in the Irish Constab- ulary, in which he rose to special magisterial 'appointments. In 1884 he was made Gover- nor of the Bahamas, and in 1887 he was -transferred to Newfoundland. A year later he .appoint ed to Queensland, but resigned with- out taking up the appriintment at all. A year later he became Captain. General and Gover- -nor-in-Chief of Jamaica, and he stayed in .command of the island for eight years, his -term of office being twice extended at the special request of the Legislature and public btrodies of the place. In 1897 he went on to •ul°ng Kong, which he now vacates for Ceylon.

THE LATEST IN TRAMCARS.

There is nothing in which such immense -improvement has been effected of late years -as in the matter of tramcars. The tramcar of the latest 'type is hardly recognisable as be- longing to the same genus a§ the tram of the last decade. To begin with—except in Lon- don, which is municipally very backward, but IS gradually following the example of some of the more progressive provincial towns—the Iwo-horsed tramcar with its fearful wear and tear on the horses has given way to electric cars, 'the poor man's motor," as Mr. Benn happily christened then? at Tooting. These cars are, of course, much faster, considerably exceeding the legal limit, it is whispered, and, -therefore, they only stop at stages, and are not pulled up at any point for the convenience ,of any stray passenger. This is a great sav- ing of time and labour in itself, and every effort is being made to render these vehicles as economical and convenient as possible. At Southport, for instance, on the new tramcars the flesh-and-blood conductor, who has always seemed such an essential part of the vehicle, has been abolished entirely. In his place is

NY-IN-THE-SLOT C WORKING IN SOUTHPORT.

an automatic machine by the driver, into -which the passengers drop their fares, receiv- ing tickets in exchange. The dropping of the penny in the slot automatically affords en- trance; and it is under the immediate super- vision of the driver, who sees that all is fair and above board. Thus at one blow the race .of conductors is summarily abolished, and the expenses of the company in wages practically halved. It is an admirable idea, and • should be universally adopted. However, Conservative London, where very many thousands a week 'could be saved by this simple method, will probably be amongst the last to take advan- tage of it.

Cr' , ~....1 Itid r., ,-,..\ )1 _,7 \\..v.:',.....\ --\ V, •.:;\\ ~,, ....„ ilm Na. / \ ...._......-- ~.....--- ---- •

. -.lollllllria= 1:41111.11L , -- Ams.:11...Z1111111111.11.101 ----- Viaill"'"WlN-0111. 1111111111111111,.....i. ---- '''' ( . '"-.7.111 - 77;7-77--?:.? •I. - - ''-'7 tl 0 • I jf,, 'lilk 151141,41,11 P,. ' ii . , 3 k:'4:11:- 11 ....iii -.•'(''' - her , tts ,\ II!. l 'illid I. i ....1111,01 • , 0, I , 1, 114 I . 7 .da r I 1 1 / 4110 ... ~ h . ~ ~,,...it..-_ 4_ ~/,::::.7,..,,. gm ft"- :gip?' _ 1 ENTERING A PEN" ',AR NOW

===== 0002601_19030912_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ENGAGEMENT OF THE MOMENT.

The announcement of the engagement of the Duke of Roxburghe to Miss Mary Goelet has created the liveliest interest on both sides of the Atlantic. Apart from the boy Duke of Leinster, the Duke of lioxburghe is the last bachelor in the highest gikade of the peerage, and thus rumour has often made free with his matrimonial intentions. As for his fiancée, Miss May Goelet, probably no young lady's -engagement has been more frequently an- -flounced by the papers of her own County, -which have coupled her with all the lesser European royalties, the leading young un- married peers of this country, and every rich and prominent man in the States. Her name has so frequently been linked with that of the Duke of Roxburghe during the last five years, that people had quite begun to think that it Was not after all going to come off I A few -weeks ago, however, he travelled over to America in company with Miss Goelet and her

THE DUKE OF ROXDURGHE-MISS MAY GOELET. mother, Mrs. Ogden Goelet, incognito. Since then he has been their guest, and his presence and his engagement were revealed simul- taneously last week. He is twenty-seven Years of age, and did very well out in South Africa with his regiment, the Royal Horse Guards Blue. In fact, it was thought that at °ne time he was going to be recommended for the V.C. for saving a trooper's life under fire. He is very popular—not least of all with the Royal family, who have always had the greatest regard for his mother, who will now SO soon be the Dowager Duchess. He went on the famous " Ophir" trip with the Prince and Princess of Wales. Miss Goelet herself, in

, 7 : .t. ,----7"..,, , t• *), '7 e ' r r , ; .‘,,,;--,-:7-- - ...k:). ‘,. , , ~..(0, „,..., .„.......-. - , 40, o 11' ill ....... \,,,5,._ ~ •

===== 0002601_19030912_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ibill■ons=

===== 0002601_19030912_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
addition to being a beauty, and one of the select. "Four Hundred," is the greatest of all American heiresses, and will be even wealthier at her mother's death. Her father, Mr. Ogden Goelet, who died so suddenly on his yacht, the Mayflower, at Cowes, in 1898, left the whole of his immense fortune, which is principally in real estate in New York, between his two children, of whom the future Duchess of Roxburghe was an only daughter. LEADER OF THE MACEDONIAN REVOLT.

The generalissimo and chief organiser of the formidable insurrection in Macedonia, Boris Sarafoff, is still quite a young man. He is not a Bulgarian, like many sof the other rebel leaders, but a real Macedonian, having been born at Libiakhovo, near Nevrokop, in 1876. When still a boy he was sent to Bulgaria for his elementary edu- cation. After- wards he pro- ceeded to St. Petersburg, and completed his studies at the Military Acade- my in that city. He then entered the Bulgarian army, and proved a very capable officer. Hedistinguished himself in 1895 at the siege of Melnik, which he captured by a coup de main. In 1899 he re- signed his com- mission. The first years of his public life he devoted to promoting the interests of Bulgaria in Macedonia, encouraging the idea that Macedonia should belong to Bulgaria. But he afterwards changed his mind, and he is now giving all his energies to the formation of a new Balkan State, for which he has adopted the formula, "Macedonia for the Macedonians." The result has been that he has ceased to be a "persona gratissima" in Sofia, and not very long ago he was arrested and expelled from the Principality. His change of views resulted in a serious split in the Macedonian Coanittee, which for a time paralysed the revolutionary movement, but this has .lately been healed, and Boris Sara- foff is now at the head of the whole move- ment.

\ s BORIS SA Rack, OFF.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A £l,ooo,otto HOTEL.

The New Midland Hotel of the Midlana Railway Company at Manchester, one of the finest buildings of its kind in the country, has taken over three years to build, covers an area of two acres, contains 480 rooms, of which 400 are bedrooms, and cost over a million stirling. It .occupies a splendid site in front of the

I ~I, -ft.Moti , 0 , Ir r r . ---_! .. ~,,,,44" ~ ', i i ii ' i,lr, I ,4- ..._. ~.,-.#` 5 4_ I. el, I , c 7 i . Ka, ...110111 itil. 9i 1 ••• 'lllllll i 1 • --.2 : , 41-- t 3 /- : ill I 111, 1 . , ----.1- -,—,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MIDLAND HOTEL, MANCHESTER,

Central Station, and has a palatial exterior oi red polished granite and terra-cotta, with win- dows designed on artistically and elaborately ornamental lines. The huge building, con- structed mainly of steel, is fireproof through- out, and contains many features illustrative of the remarkable progress made in this class of accomodation. When the railway company acquired the site they entered into an under- taking to provide a new concert hall in the hotel in the place of the Old Gentlemen's Concert Hall, a building which for nearly iso years had played a prominent part in the musical education of the city. They have kept their word by providiug a large room, decorated in white and gold, with dark oak columns, and capable of accomodating, with its gallery, 800 people. It is approached by a handsome marble staircase from the entrance hall. In addition to rooms one usually finds in first-class hotels, there is a fine lounge, which has a balcony for a band, a French restaurant, a winter garden, a private ball- room, a Turkish bath, and private dining rooms and reception rooms. The dining saloons are furnished and upholstered in a most lavish manner, and white and delicately tinted marble has been freely used.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
AUSTRALIA'S COMING CAPITAL.

Speculation is running high as to how long it will take Australia to make its new capital, Tumut. Australia is used to sudden city- building. No town within its borders is yet 120 years old. Melbourne—still slightly the biggest of them—is not quite seventy; sixty years ago people were advertising for stilts to help them get across the quagmires in its main street, and all Toorak—now its Belgravia and Mayfair and Kensington combined—was sold for

1 - "'-'- =---1 --M -) -.1.

...............-.

..-......-.... .........

BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF THE TUMUT OF TO-DAY. £l2O. The worst of the sudden system was that houses were put up anyhow. To this day Sydney streets are disgraced by the " shant y"- like erections that rub shoulders with some of their finest buildings. But Tumut, we may hope, will be more carefully treated. The spreading, scattered little houses will still bask placidly among their trees on the long, slow slope to Tumut River; but on the other slope, that is now just sheep-paddocks covered with the wiry native grasses and dead timber stand- ing ghostly white, there will be great palaces of granite and marble, Government House and Parliament House and public offices and private mansions, such as become the dignity of the Commonwealth's chief city. The sur- roundings of Tumut are prosaic enough, but they manage to epitomise Australia fairly well. There are good roads and a passable r4ilway to Tumut. The new railway runs up the Adelong Creek through one of the oldest goldfields in the Colony. Here is the first mine that struck payable gold a thousand feet down, and secured the Government reward of Li,ooo. Most of the work is now done by sluicing, and more than a thousand loads a day are washed in the district. Tumut dis- trict is very fertile. Tobacco, maize, and fruits of all kinds can be easily cultivated, for between the river-flat and the great ridges to southwards there are climates to suit all tastes. "Failure of crops in the district has never; been known," says the official reports Altogether the future looks happyd

--•-•!....-- d,trwooritz-ols, i,, NI ~ . fi.'-f-w • 1,, ..,,. ' JAI 4 '.7----„ ~..61,.41111111.41,r ~..b.,...---..,..,. ..,„,........ .ii of .1.:, tp!•rgicl , to, Alp _, ,-7... . ' • AwA11...-, .11111Mkgr,'I' :i, '.il. ft 1 , 1 1;101. ) " 'l, , ii• l' ... 11 . ....."...-1 : ' TD2 Imuiv • ...! . , AM. I 11,',1 " • '' .I/ I ' itf.) .., i.[.:!\.: ', \ - ..',.,. ..,.. , ~,, •,.,,- , ~'. f.., 1!..•01 q :v1.11.4 hi ,:;. lu llAi, i cy.:, ' ..`..:-..."i:.-'. ;II 411. :-;-- - ilitiiiinuir 11011 'll untillll,l 8,4*•,.. . mi ~, -- .1. 4 • s . .---....

===== 0002601_19030912_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 12, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Second Division.

ST. HELENS v. DEWSBURY.

REIGHLEY v. RUNCORN. In fine weather, and before 3,000 spectators, Keighley opened their First Division season with a visit from the Runcorn Club. Teams :

Keighley—R. Walker, back; A. Pearson, ILB. Potter, H. Craven and I. Jagger, three-quarter backs; H. Myers and C. dine, half backs; Holden (captain), J. W. Fearnley, H. Tempest, Dawson, Howker, E. Pearson, Howarth, and J. Hall, forwards.

Runcorn—S. Houghton, back ; Jones, Butterworth, Price, and F. Dutton, three-quarter backs; Jolley and Richardson, half backs; Walker, W. Woods, Langley, Moulton, Tomlinson, J. Walker, A. Richardson, and Pooh?, forwards.

Referee, Mr. F. Kennedy, Manchester. Touch judges Messrs. G. Wilson and M. Carr.

Played at St. Helens. The home team were soon pressing. Liversedge passed to Bacon, who ran, and Briers scored a try, Lee failing at the kick. Banks broke away from a scrummage and gave a neat pass to Jones, who scored under the posts, Lee kicking a goal. A moment later Jones dropped a goal for St. Helens, and Creevey added an unimproved try. Green after- wards scored, Lee kicking a goal, and at half-time St. Helens led by 3 goals and, 4 tries to Dewsbury nil. On resuming the visitors were unable to make much head- way against St. Helens who worked up to the visitors' line, and Carney scored a try, Lee failing at goal. Banks licked across and Creevey scored. Bland then inter- cepted a pass and scored for Dewsbury, Kendal kicking a goal. Liversedge gained a try for St. Helens, Lee kicking a goal. Result :—St. Helens 4 goals and 7 tries (29 points), Dewsbury 1 goal and 1 try (5 points).

Holden lost the toss, and Runcorn, with the slope in their favour, had the larger share of possession in the earlier stages of the game. Jones and Price made ground .but a knock-on pulled them up. Then another burst gave Richardson a chance, and he went over, but Jolley's kick at goal failed. Myers and Walker did useful work Attractive girls are not all made on one pattern. Oh, for the home side. The visitors scored another try a I no, their charms are as varied as their faces, and the little later on by the aid of Datton,and this time Jolley 1 particular grace or charm that captivates one man, placed a goal and made the score 8 points to nothing. I leaves his brother untouched. But most men are agreed The home players began to be troublesome, and Myers j that the languid, dejected, sallow-faced girl,whose every put his toe to the ball, and but for the alertness of ; movement and action betokens indigestion, constipa- Houghton mischief might have come of it. Then! tion,or anomie, is less attractive than her more favoured Jagger had a spin, but Houghton again intervened. and , and healthful sister, who having discovered the secret shortly after Caine essayed a shot at goal, Houghton i that bright eyes, clear skin, and a perfect complexion kicking dead. Dutton put a couple more points on by are attributes of sound health and thorough digestion, dropping a goal for Runcorn. has preserved all her charms inviolate by a prudent and To the earlier stages of the second half Houghton was timely use of that best of all female medicines, Mother kept busy, and then from just below the centre line ; Seigel 's Syrup. So it is, that the" Seigel" girl is Walker had a chance shot from a penalty and landed a always admired for her beauty, vivacity, and buoyant well-judged goal. Keighley's chances grew less when healthfulness.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTRACTIVE GIRLS.

GOLD IN ENGLAND.

News is to hand that gold has been found in a plot of land in Durham. This establishes another connection between the coal county and the far off-land, Australia. A few years ago, a famous Australian chemist found— not gold, but a far more valuable substance. He dis- covered the vegetable substance which forms the chief ingredient in the famous household remedy, Charles Forde's bile beans. From that discovery, not only Durham people, but people all over the globe have benefitted. Now Mrs. Mary Greener of North Terrace, Waterhouse's Colliery, Durham, says, that in finding these beans she has found something even better than a gold mine. To a" Durham Adver- tiser" reporter, she said recently:—" I became so bad from liver disease that it was impossible for me to lie down, and so I had often to sit up all night. I went to Sherbum Hospital for three months, but they could not cure me. I then consulted a doctor, but neither his advice nor his medicine did me the slightest good. I had constant pain in the back and side, could not eat, had terrible headaches, was sometimes so fagged and done up, and had such awful pains in the stomach, that I scarcely cared what happened to me. My son begged me to try Chas. Forde's bile beans. At first I refused, thinking they were same as other medicines. Then he read me a number of instances of the cures they have worked, and I determined to give them a trial. After a few doses I experienced distinct relief. I continued to take them regularly, taking two every night for eight weeks, and the result is lam now in perfect health. I am now so hearty that I can eat anything. They have made me feel as I used to feel in my younger days, and I can recommend them to all who suffer from liver complaint in any form." Bile beans, which did so much for Mrs. Greener, are obtainable from all chemists at one and three-half-pence or two and nine per box, but you are warned against worthless, if not actually harmful substitutes.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED ROMAN CATHOLIC REFORMATORY AT WIDNES.

The monthly meeting of the Widnes Town Council was held on Tuesday, the Mayor (Alderman W. W Gossage) presiding. The minutes of the Highway Committee contained a letter from Mr. Richard Yates, solicitor, secretary to the Liverpool Catholic Reformatory Association, enclosing a plan showing the position of certain land arranged to be bought for a new school to be erected in Norlands-lane, Widnes, and asking the Town Council to extend the main sewer to meet the requirements of the new building.—The Committee recommended that the sewer be extended as requested at an estimated cost of £650.

Councillor Lewis asked if the land purchased was within the borough boundary. He would also like to know something of the character of the boys, and whether this was a new institution or a transfer from some. other neighbourhood. . _

Alderman Quinn replied that the land was within the borough boundary. As regards the kind of boys that were sent to these institutions, they were sent there not for doing good but for something else. It could hardly be said that it was a new institution, because these boys were formerly on the ship Clarence, which was burned down in 1899. Afterwards they were taken to a college at Mold, belonging to an order of Jesuits. After about twelve or eighteen months the Jesuits required their building, and for some time the boys had been stationed at Kirkedge, seven miles outside of Sheffield. The Achool belonged to the diocese of Liverpool, and was managed by Liverpool gentlemen, and it was highly desirable that it should be nearer to Liverpool. The Managers had also received an intima- tion from the Home Office that they must have their school nearer to the diocese to which it belonged. Alderman Shuttleworth said it was highlyundesirable for such an institntion to be brought into Widnes.- The boys on the ship Clarence were a bad lot of boys, and, as they all knew, had burned their ship. There were enough bad boys in Widnes, without offering an induce- ment to bring more. He proposed that the recommend- tion be struck out. Councillor Norris seconded.,

Councillor Lewis said the matt9r was one which needed careful consideration, and he advised the Coun- cil to proceed cautiously. He suggested that the ques- tion be deferred so that the members might get a little more information on the subject.

Councillor Allen thought it was a very desimble site for such an institution.

Councillor Davies said if this institution belonged to Liverpool why did not they erect it inLiverpool? It would spoil that portion of the Borough for residential purposes. Alderman Timmis asked if this institution were built would not the Council be compelled to put in a sewer. Alderman Quinn said if there was no sewer in a street the residents had the power to apply to the Local Government Board, and if the latter body considered that a sewer was necessary the Council would be com- pelled to do the work. Dealing with the whole subject, he said it was not fair to blame the whole of the boys for the acts of two or three. From information he had received he found that there were only two or three boys implicated in the burning of the Clarence; and they had only been on board a very short time. In res- pect of the period when they were at Mold, he read a letter from Surgeon-Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, medical officer of Mold Urban District Council,in which that gentleman stated that the behaviour of the boys was very good,and he had never heard from anyone that their presence in the town was anything but an acquisi- tion. Mr. Quinn also read a number of letters from gentlemen at Ainsdale showing that the boys in the Ainsdale reformatory were very well behaved, and the school was no detriment to the district.

On a vote being taken the amendment was lost, only the proposer and seconder voting for it. The proposal was therefore approved.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDED MISERY AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn, on Monday, John Alfred Done, of Percival-lane, was charged with deserting his wife Annie, who asked for a separation under the Married Women's Act. Mrs. Done told the magistrates a sad tale of wedded misery. The parties had been married over five years, and had one little girl,four years of age. They had been separated tivo years ago, and the defen- dant came out of prison in December last, after serving six months for an assault. During that time Mrs. Done had obtained employment at Helsby Wire Works, and in March, in consequence of his continued impor- tunities, she consented to live with him again. They took rooms at his father's house, but after a few weeks the father turned her and the child out, and they took a home in Percival-lane, Mrs. Done's mother providing the furniture. A few weeks ago he ill-used her, and turned her into the street.—The defendant denied on his oath that he turned his wife out.—The bench made an order upon the defendant to pay 10s. per week to the wife and child.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
GAOL IN PREFERENCE TO THE WORKHOUSE.

Amy Cunliffe, a young girl, Tth a diminutive baby in her arms,wasicharged at St. Helens on Saturday with ex- posing the child. Sergeant Jackson said the child was aged three months, and was the illegitimate son of prisoner, who lived with her mother at Sutton Heath. At twenty minutes to ten the previous night he found the girl sitting on the doorstep of an empty house in Sutton Heath-road. Her mother and she had been destitute for several weeks. The mother formerly lived in a house at Sutton Heath, and kept a lot of pigs. She was prosecuted for keel:in three without licences, and as she could not, pay the fines she went to gaol. This broke up the home, and during the three weeds since the mother returned from Walton she and this irl had been living on the charity of the neighbours, and when they could not get anyone to take them in they slept in the fields. The child was neither baptised nor vaccinated, and its birth not registered.—The magistrates on the Bench, Mr. J. B. Leach and Dr. DonnellanAinquired why the girl did not go to the workhouse.—Prisoner: I don't want to go to the workhouse.—Sergeant Jackson: She told me last night she would rather die in the road than go to the workhouse. She also told me she wished the child was drowned.—Mr. Leach: You won't go to the workhouse so the court have decided to send you to prison for two months.

A little boy and girl, aged eight and eleven respec- tively, children of Dr. Macneilage, of Queen's Park, Manchester, were on their way to school on Friday when a man jumped off a gipsies' van, and threw them both into the van. About four o'clock on Saturday morning, whilst the gipsies were asleep, the children , crept out of the van somewhere in the neighbourhood 'of Rochdale. They wandered about for the greater part of the day, and at 9.30 in the evening were found near Hebden 'Bridge, over forty miles from Manchester. IThe police were communicated with, and the children were sent back to their parents. .

No Breakfast Table complete without

===== 0002601_19030912_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

The Most NutritiOUS and Economical.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD HUMOURS'

Skin HumoursjScalp Humours, Hair Humours,

Whether Simple Scrofulous or Hereditary

Speedily Cured by Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
When All Other Remedies and Best Physicians Fail. Complete Treatment, 4s. 9d.

In the treatment of torturing, disfig- uring, itching, scaly, crusted, pimply, blotchy and scrofulous humours of the skin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair, Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills have been wonderfully successful. Evert the most obstinate of constitutional hu- Inours, such as bad blood, scrofula, in- herited and contagious humours, with loss of hair, glandular swellings, ulcer- ous patches in the throat and mouth, sore eyes, copper-colored blotches, as well as boils, carbuncles, scp.rvy, sties, ulcers and sores arising from an im- pure or impoverished condition of the blood, yield to the Cuticura, Treatment, when all other remedies and methods fail.

And greater still, if possible, is the wonderful record of cures of torturing, disfiguring humours among infants and children. The suffering which Cuti- cum Soap and Ointment have alleviated among the young, and the comfort they have afforded worn-out and wor- ried parents, have led to their adoption in countless homes as priceless cura- tives for the skin and blood. Infantile and birth humours, milk crust, scall head, eczema, rashes and every form of itching, scaly, pimply skin and scalp humours with loss of hair, of infancy and childhood, are speedily, perma- nently and economically cured when all•other remedies suitable for children, and even the best physicians, fail.

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND

===== 0002601_19030912_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

NERRYEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, EC.

A'''S WASHING is now dorpe quicker better, and cheaper by using BRADFORD'S IMPROVED VOWEL' WASHING MACHINE, than by any other way. See Catalogue of our NEW VOWEL XL S' Combined Washing, Wringing, and Is, ,gling Machine. Price A is. od. Cash Discount. Carriage Paid. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn, London; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; 130, Bold Strocts Liverpool; and Salford.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU

A BAD LEO

With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, permit' surrounded with inflammation and invollen.that whan you press your finger on the inffamed-pa.rt it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you neversan recover, but gc on suffering till death releases. you. Perhaps you knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated. the mill with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease. 1. 'Wowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals ane had modical advice and been told your case is hopeless cr advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I 'will. Because others have failed, it is 'no reason I should. Send at. once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 73, Farringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and which is a certain remedy for the.ciire of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee,, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned hands, anal.; Bruxions. IRegisteredCopyright-i -•-

POWDER TiiS BEETLES.' TINS 3d.6d.Is..BELLOWSVd-

•A‘J

LIGHT

YOUR POCKET THE LUNA POCKET LAMP. Indispensable for travellers, doctors,cy- clists, and for use where safety is essen- tial. CLEAN & NEAT. No Acid. No Danger. Gives 5,000 Flashes at a total cost of 31- POST FREE.

Send direct to 04 Manufacturers : ELECTR. ANDESCENT NOVELTY Co. 33,Sjohn's Junc.,Lonclon,S.W. rilt4D rOIPTCLID DOD ILAIIONIATI &lin Or OTUZIL XOTILTIZI.

K a -rt • , • ...''' -- - ..."‘ 111......-- 1 - -'''' ..,•4.' , FLEAS. BUGS, M ,

I • 110 I iC&INC

===== 0002601_19030912_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVE THE CHILDREN

CRANNY MERWOOD'S CHILDREN SAYERS . .

- For children cutting their teeth, and for the cure and prevention of all infantile ail- ments such as Convulsions, Sickness, Gripes, Spasms, Diarrhcea, Wind, Fevers, Measles, Debility, Indiges; don, Fits, &c., &c.

could be saved and meats relieved a naln _37 by laving a simple and effectual remedy at hand°. the eppearanee of any diKinieting symptoms. Such a remedy is found in GRANNY MERWOOD.R CHILDREN SAVERS, sjzi of all Chemists, or free by post for Postal Order for ri- and 2d. in Stamps, from KING'S IMPERIAL MEDICINE Co. 27, Miltpft argot. LONDON,

• • '4/32 • 'fikt, tinny a valnakde life and anziet--

===== 0002601_19030912_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
.77* •••4,17-4.-'---- 1 f

===== 0002601_19030912_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I" ;, ~; , J

. 1,4

===== 0002601_19030912_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
q I .•. li,:, 4 ~ ~,,,,. k ~.. , c„; L,1f4,.;: ~,, 1-:-:. ,-,,- ei,:,.!„5,,,i' \.,: '..,-.,, „,,, - -i- -,, 4 ! _ -,,. :.:,. -4:

===== 0002601_19030912_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Comm ;writs

r-IE .' W ARRINGTON AND MID-CHRBHIRS EXAMINEE." published every Saturds.— morning.

T" "HAILLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINEE, published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon.

T" "RuNeoax ExAMlNint,"l,publiated every Friday afternoon. T" " WIDNES EXAMlrigli," published every Friday afternoon.

PREPAID ADVER.TISEAENT

AP kRTMENTS WANTED

Hous ES -.WANT SD

APARTMENTS TO LET

HOUSES TO BE SOLD

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS

MISCELLANEOUS SALES Three Six Weeks. Weeks. ... le. 3d. ... 2s. Oci. ... ls. 10d. ... 38. Od, ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. Id. ... 58. Od. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ARTICLES LOST

T ICLEB FOUND

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19030912_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Bornestit gperbants, ttt

WANTED COOK-GENERAL ; also younger General.— TuirroN VICARAGE Bolton, Lanes.

1017 ANTED. good GENERAL SBRVANT; reference re- v.quired.—Apply, 117, NEWPORT STREET, Bolton.

WANTED good GENERAL !with references address BLENHEIM PLACE, 181, King street. Dnkinfield.

WANTED. COOK. Immediately ; wages £3O, very rood V V situation.—Apply MlssHupson.l9 Trlam st.Warrington.

WVANTRD, an Baperteneed GIINBRAL BBRVANT, with good references.—Mrs. Jacicao?r, 52, King street, Southport.

WANTBD GBNBRAL SBRVAtirT, who on cook well, over 20 two in femily.-19, WILsoN PATTEN STREET, Warrington.

WANTED, GENERAL, age about 17. —Apply, stating wages required, Mrs. Immix, Abbey Corn Mills, Whalley near Clitheroe.

IVANTBD experienced PARLOUR-MAID; Protestant; £2O; country.—Mrs Smint. Central Registry. 8, Walton's parade. Preston.

ANTED a Respectable GIRL as General. Catholic pre- y,ferred, Rood references, two in farnily.—LANGollE, Seabank Road. New Brighton.

WANTED COOK GENERAL, no boots, knives or win- dows; small family; comfortable home; wages £lB. —GWYEB, Theydon Bois, Essex.

WANTIM COOK, good Plain; two in family; two maids; little washing; good references.—Mrs. BENTLEY, Rederoft, Hale. &Urinal:vim.

BLACKPOOL.—MRs. TAYLOR Kirk View (opposite Kent road chapel), off Central-drive ; trains pass.

YOUNG LADY can have comfortable bed and sitting room.—Apply 22, MARSH STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD COOK and Housemaid Waitress, for lady and gentleman. sisters preferred. good references.—MEs. MOFFAT, Glamfb, Priory Foul, BowOon.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD, COOK-GBNBRAL and Young Housemaid, no children; Nurse-Housemaids. Generals.—BoTTom- LET'S Registry, Morley street, Bradford.

WANTBD HOUSEMAID or good Between-maid; three servants and gardener kept, washing sent out.—Mrs. PILSBURY, Meadowelea, Hope Station. Mold.

NVA.NTBD Good MINERAL able to take all duties must have reference. Good wages.—Anplv MRS. Durros, Linden House, 191. King street. Dukinfield.

WANTBD ;,GBISIBRAL EIBRVABIT one able to wash, character required !good home. 4s 6d per week. ORMEROD, 34. Market street. Hindley, Wigan.

wANTRP COORS, Cook-general, Housemaid waitresses, good generals, good characters, splendid situations,— Mrs WaLLa. Sel.ct Registry, Prestwich, Manchester.

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or 21. town,public and private.—Call or write Miss HARRISON'S (only office), 6 Oldham street. Manchester, &tab 1862.

WANTED, COME-GENERAL, early riser; good refer- ence required ; part washing; good wages given.— Write stating particulars, BBOOKLANDS. Wilson street, Bury, Lancashire.

J rOOKS WANTHD £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitresses £lB N to £22. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRISON'S, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

WANTHD COOK-GENBRAL (good) ; able to wash and Iron; small family; good wages; references required. —Apply personally before 2 p.m.. MAITLAND HOUSE, Liverpool road. Great Crosby.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and public good homes. excellent wages ; places in town, couutry and seaside.—Write to limustaox's OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTBY. 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

IMPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES et a 121 moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES brertru- TION. Hope House, Hopc-streei, Liverpool. Telephoae 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

WANTED FORTY GOOD SERVANTS for Hotels, Board- ing and private Houses for Blackpool and district, good wages; enclose stamp.—Mre PREsTeqes REorsTRY, 44, Charles street, Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Vltantell.

WANTED an ERRAND BOY, age 14, EXAMINER OFFIcz Warrington.

110,1HONOGRAPHS.—Agents wanted ; wholesale lists free,— GRAMOPHONE EXCHANGE, 5, Bond Street, Hull.

AGENTS wanted to sell Stable Brushes. Factory prices. Good commlssion.—GLYTEß, 19, ;Ludgate Hill, 8.0.

TF YOU WANT WORK send stampld addressed envelope I_ to C. BATESON Tbornton terrace, Heatbwaite,W'dermere

A GENTS WANTED, write for sample of our New Filter 111. and Splash Preventer.— UNIVERSAL FILTER Co., Department, 60, Sheffield.

A LL SAINTS' INFANTS' SCHOOL, Hlndley. Wigan.— 11. two ASSISTANT Mfb TRBSS ES (Art. 50.). Salary £so.—Apply MISTRESS.

A GBNTS WANTBD.—PENNY GOODS. Three dozen, 4'l_ Is 6t; gross assorted, &J.—Nov=lr Co. (S. T.), Britain street, Manchester.

WRITERS WANTED, Copying Work; 15s. and upwards earned in spare time. Send stamped address to WELDoN, 2, Fleet street, Hull.

WANIBD ORPHAN GIRL (11 to 13), to become one of family; reference given.—Mrs BURTON, Derby Arms, 28, Vine street, H01m.% Manchester.

CIONF ltY— W A NTII 0 Female Improver for bakehouse. Age, Wage. References.—Address WATSON, 7. Market street, Hindley, near Wlgm.

SHORTHAND AND TYPRWHITING OFFICER. VACANCY occurs for PUPIL.—Apply MANAGERESS, B. Podmore & Co., Bewsey Chambers. Warrington.

WH ANTED a RESPECTABLE YOUT about 18 for the milk business must be accustomed to horses, ,c) live in. Good references.—Apply, 80 Dux k STREET, Southport.

WANTED A COMPBTENT CLERK, age about 20, Book-keeping, Shorthand and Type-writing essential Apply Box " COMMERCIAL." Examiner Office, Warrington.

WANTBD TWO ROOMS, UNFUNNIRIRD in a central position for Y.M.C.A. purposes —Address stating terms and particulars to L2O, lixaminer Office, Warrington.

A GENTS WANTED Immediately; either sex; splendid .t 1 income for pushing people. New article, wanted every- where; no trouble to sell.—J. E. BAULow, Scholar Green, Cheshire.

f OLBSKI NS.— MOLESKINSI NV ANTED; highest price I. cash by return ; constant sale; no middleman's profits.—PIOTROWSKY, 3, Grove Park road, South Totten- ham, London, N.

HOMB WORK by the quickest find latest improved. Harrison Knitting achines. Hiabest wages earned. Lists free. HARRISON KNITtING MACHINE C0.,LTD.,48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

A GENTS WANTED FOR PARKINSON'S PHOTO- -r% GRAPHIC SPIICIALITIES. Full or spare time. Male or fernal9.—Apply PIRKINsON, Photographer, Queen's Gardens, Warrington.

TO PARRNTS stud guardians. Fruit and Flower growing under glass a limited number of pupils received to lftrn this profitable and interesting occupation. For terms apply to J. CLARK, South Farm Nursery, Worthing.

R2OUPWARDS easily earned.—Perrone Wan.erl to take Private greeting eard orders; whole or spare time; experienee unnecersary : half profit ; large variety ; speftimen books ready.—Doxtg's 8. Brunswick road. Liverpool.

_ elomsti iLL.—WANTIM ACTIVR MAN for provender k../ Mill urar Manchester. One used to dressing stones Preferred. Wages 24a. Wress stating age, experience &a., to " COMMERCTAL " " Rxarniner " Office. Warrington.

(AN SAL% COB 14i- hands and 'T'wo Ponies 13 quiet and k.l good workers.-66. RICE LANE, Liverpool.

ON SALB, Dark Bair COB, six years oli, 14* 2, sound and quiet.--Apply R. KILSHAW, Brook Vale, Burtonwood.

HOUSK.—To be SOLD, commodious and convenient House, 33 Arpley street, Warrington, containing two entertaining rooms, good kitchtm, scullery, tour bedrooms, bath and we. separate, two cellars.—Apply as above.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
or° be Let.

-- PRNlCRTl4.—nottages 46 (ld.. 31. 9d. and PA. Bd. per week nyvieus MARICRT FITIII4IrII 15 PIBRPOINT STRPET. 46. Od.. per week. Apply ItorrEßT Lowy:. Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-stroet War. rlngton. Tele*bone—No 66.

fro BB LET, large loek-up SHOP, with large retiring room behind; rent £35.-3niata & SoN,Winwfck et. Warrington

fro LBT. FITABLB and GOACIII}IOI7E3B. wit!. loft. ove J large Tard'attaehed off Tanners Lane.—Apolv Woona sontiolieitorl, 55, liorselaarketatree Warrington.

1111CORESERVED YOLK OF EGG FOR CANARIES and I. other Cage Birds. It prevents Asthma and Diarrhces, the most fatal diseases to Cage Birds, especially in the try- ing time of ffoulting. It gives growth colour and tightness to feather, clearness to, voice, keeps them in general health and song. Canaries while breeding require no other egg. In tins Is. each, by post Is 10.—W. DELL, Naturalist, Bromley. Kent.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
3iisrelianous, IDit oales, err.

LIANCY LBATHER WORE, instructions, designs, one 1: stamp.—HAN3ON, Heckmondwike, Yorks.

ORHCAMBH, W H.—Comfortable APARTAHNTS;bath, Lvi piano;terms mod.—Miss SitaamEs.los,Cbatsworth rd

()NVOHOGRVPHOSIS. eczema, ringworm cured, advice free, remedies 13d. B. H. SEAL. Sheffield.

111DHEITMATISM.—Our New Remedy, 26 9d per bottle.— SECRETARY, 93, Peter Street, Blackpool.

DRINTING, Commercial, Artistic, Good work, low prices —HERCULES PREEIP, 230 Hornsey road, London.

SMOKHRS, Look, five selected mounted Briar Pipes, post free 2s: thousands sold.— H. BOUGHTON. Thetford.

CROOKERY.—Crates from 10s. ; price lists free.—F. BENNETT. Royal Victoria Works, Seelton, Hanley.

t_tUNS,25a to £4O. Send at once to one of the few practical makers.—ROLLIMAN, 83, V,nahall Bridge Rd, London.

DATCHWORK. 150 lovely new silks and velvets. Is 4d.— MEEIE & Co.. Glencoe House. London Road, Wembley.

The Examiner, Saturday, September 12, 1903.

/11tOrtilartou5, On E'ate, rte.

IDpLACKBERHIE i FOR SAL} 4d. per lb.—Apply IL 1/ MANNING, Remley °renege, Shrewsbury.

6110, Voultrp, ett.

By selecting a year here, and a year there, it is possible to find checks to the expansion of our trade. But 1903 does not seem likely to prove helpful to the pessimists. The August tables, for example, do not indicate that exports are station- ary. They have been steadily growing since the beginning of the year. So far as the general pros- pects of national commerce are concerned, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has not chosen a propitious season for his agitation. He has two strings to his bow—the Protectionist string and the Prefer- ential string—and neither of, them makes persuasive music. The working man who cannot see why the immense volume of our trada demands the revival of a Protective Tariff is equally uncon- vinced by the assertion that without Preferential Trade with the Colonies we cannot keep the Empire together. There is no reason to believe that this view is widely • entertained in the Colonies. It receives no support from Sir WILFRID LAURIER. No Australian statesman has confirm° it. Mr. SEDDON alone has given it any counten ance. Nobody can pretend that Australia has hailed Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S policy with enthusiasm. The only rational basis on which Colonial Prefer- ence could be established is the reduction by the Colonies of their duties on British goods. Is there even a semblance of Australian opinion in favour of this course? Sir EDMUND BARTON has expressed in general terms his sympathy with Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN'S idea, but he has carefully refrained from approving the only condition on which it can be put into practice. Reciprocity is one of the discoveries MR. CHAMBERLAIN has made since the days when he was a young Radical ; but there seems to be a painful lack of it in his plan for binding the hearts of Australia and the Motherland. The Common- wealth is not exactly eager to welcome our manu- factures. In his Budget statement the Federal Treasurer anticipated for the ensuing year a de- crease in the consumption of imported goods. That may be very satisfactory from the Australian point of view; but our Trades Unionists may be excused for not regarding it as an argument for a Preferential Tariff, constructed on the principle of pure altruism on our part, and exclusive ad- vantage for the Colonies.

WE fear Mr. BAL- . NATIONAL BRAIN FOUR will be pained POWER. by Sir NORMAN

Iburdens. A terribly costly war has proved to us that we have the most expensive and least efficient Army in the world. The expenditure which has made the Navy so formidable we do not grudge; but every reformer perceives the need of subor- dinating the Army to the Navy, instead of main- taining it upon a scale which is out of all propor- tion to necessity and to the national resources. This economy is imperative; without it we cannot undertake fresh expenditure, even of a reproduc.. tive character. Of all the tasks which await a Liberal Administration the most important is the task of curbing waste in the public services. When that is done we may see with satisfaction a good deal of public Toney flowing into the channel to which Sir NORMAN LOCKYER justly calls the national enterprise.

The Commissioners who are to conduct the investigation into the trading transactions of the Corporation have lost no time in making the preliminary arrangements. They met for the first time. on Thursday and an advertisement in another column announces that they will com- mence to sit on Wednesday next. It may there- fore be said that the inquiry is now well within sight. It is impossible to predict how long the Commissioners will be sitting. This must depend largely upon the plan adopted in conducting the investigation. Whatever course is pursued we hope it will be thorough and final. The Com- missioners have been given a free hand,with ample power to get to the bottom of every transaction. Upon them has been cast a great responsibility and we believe they will prove equal to the occasion. This inquiry question has too long vexed the public mind and it is some relief to know that the beginning of the end is now in sight.

An unsuccessful attempt was made at the meet- ing of the Warrington Boari of Guardians to re- open the question of the appointment of a" handy man." At the interim meeting held a fortnight ago, the Guardians sanctioned the appointment of a man, who for the princely salary of £25 per annum and the usual emoluments, is to undertake the duties of a male servant in the hospital, and in his spare time, do" sundry painting, plumbing and corresponding work so often required to be done." The Chairman, on Wednesday, resolutely refused to reconsider the :matter. In doing so, he was acting strictly within his legal rights and it is quite conceivable thaV if members were allowed to re-open matters which had been settled, nothing definite would be arrived at and the work of the Board would come to a standstill. But in the case in point there were exceptional circum- stances which merited further consideration. In the first place such an appointment ought never to have been rushed through on the plea of urgency at an interim meeting,when few Guardians are present. We have heard of the " urgency " plea before, and from quite a different source. Then, again, it would have been much more satis— factory if the position had been advertised ill the usual way. To accept the nominee of any person for a public position savours of exclusiveness and partiality. Not that we have any objection to the person appointed. We believe he will prove a useful servant to the Guardians, and if he fulfils all that is required, we shall consider him badly paid. The Guardians may think they have done a " drefful " smart thing in engaging a man to do tradesmen's work at such a low figure, but we believe they will find it to be false economy in the eod. Instead of being model employers, the Guardians have set a very bad example to other employers of labour, and it is this continual screw- ing down of wages to the lowest possible limit which is responsible, more than anything else, for the numerous calls upon the Guardians for assist- ance from the poor rates.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
(1051FORTABLB ROUSH, for one or two young Men, no children.—Apply 17 LEnn STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CYCLE for Sale, listed £lO 10s, what offers. —A SULEY. Pinchbeck, Spaidirg.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
WAYLAND Vuiturette. New two-speed gear. Seat two, 4to 18 miles. £.ss,—Joiros. Walton, Norfolk.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TipiGs.-50 to 60 Store Pigs for Sale eall week. Delivered free.—TAYLOR. Newton-le-Willows.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

gANFORD'S POISON for Billing Rats answers kJ well. "After one dressint I found 136 timid next morn- ing."--7. Ewe.. Helstborpe, Leighton. .. I killed 200 rats With Sanford's poison."—O. Mow, Farmer. Ellesmere. "1 destroyed 146 rats with it."--0. WILsoN. Offord.—Send Is 2d to SANFORD SONS, Sandy Bt.l3Nic old by Cbemlsts,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SBPTEMBER 12th 1903.

THE attitude of the MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S Trade s-Unionist LATEST. leaders towards Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S pro- posals does not pleabe him. He has likened them to the old Tories in the days when he was a young Radical. They have learnt nothing; they cling to old shibboleths; they are unwilling to plunge into experiments of what he supposes to be pro- gressive ideas. The obvious answer to this is that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has taken up an old Tory shibboleth, and is trying to make out that it is an entirely new cry. His preferential trade,he would have us believe, would not be Protection; it would be a new bond between the Mother Country and the Colonies. He may call it by what name he pleases, but the working classes of this country will still perceive that it is a revival of the fiscal system which even the old Tories have discarded. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is really no further ahead with his progressive ideas: than HIJSKESSON, who re- modelled the old Protective Tariff about the year 1823 on the principle that moderate im- port duties could not harm anybody. Eighty years later the Colonial Secretary, with the air of having made a grand discovery, proposes to be a little more moderate than HusKissoN, by setting up a Tariff which is to show that Free Trade is a worn-out shibboleth. Having prospered exceed- ingly for half a century, the country is to revert to Protection, beginning with the kind of taxation which will be immediately felt in the poorest homes. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN undertakes to enter any working man's household, and prove to the assembled family that they will be just as well off with taxes on bread and meat as they are now. A wholesome scepticism as to this exercise in arithmetic he dismisses as old Tory obstinacy. His Birmingham leaflets, which cover the land like a cloud of locusts, extract from the tables of exports and imports harrowing proofs of our com- mercial decay. The excess of imports over ex- ports is the theme of all the old Protectionist jeremiads. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN says that new condi- tions have arisen which demand new fiscal measures but all this novelty fails to impart much freshness to the arguments of his supporters. We are told that the Cobden Club is hopelessly out of date by writers who do not know that imports are payments for 'exports, and for the services of British shipping, which continues to grow enor- mously. The idea that the excess of imports signifies exhausting drafts upon the capital of the country is one of the delusions which used to make Mr. CHAMBERLAIN smile in the days when he was a young Radical.

LOCKYER'S Address to the British Association at Southport on Wed- nesday. It is usual for the President of that body to open its annual proceedings with a discourse upon the particular branch of science with which he is identified. Sir NORMAN LOCKYER is a dis- tinguished astronomer, but there is not a word in his address about astronomy. He surveys the whole educational outlook for the country, and finds it very bad. There is a lack of scientific training everywhere, especially in Downing-street. Without the scientific spirit we cannot have a proper cultivation of brain-power. Love rules the Court, the camp the grove, says the :poet; but the astronomer is struck by "the frequent absence of the scientific spirit of the nation generally, from the Court to the parish council." He quotes Mr. BALFOUR, who said on one occasion: "I do not believe that any man who looks around the equipment of our Universities, or medical schools, or othßr places of educa- tion can honestly say in his heart that we have done enough to equip research with all the costly armoury which research must have in these modern days." But if the equipment of the Government itself be equally scanty, what can you expect from Universities? If the Government is not the centre of the national brain-power, stimu- lating by its initiative the organised activities of the whole people, how can Prime Ministers say in their hearts that they have done enough to awaken us to our needs? Sir NORMAN LOCKYER recalls the Royal Commission on Science, which reported more than a quarter of a century ago: "The Commission unanimously recommended that the State should be aided by a scientific council in facing the new problems constantly arising." This idea was promptly buried in the archives of fruitless inquiry. The only administrator who has acted upon it is Lord CURZON, and the Indian Government is now assisted by an advisory committee of scientific men. But the Government at home has shown no inclination to recruit its brain-power by the same means. The scientific spirit has not visited the department which provided wrongly-sighted rifles and three boxes of serviceable ammunition when the diplomacy of another department was heading for war.

I If we had a Scientific Committee of the Privy Council, as Sir NORMAN LOCKYER suggests, it is certain that the Government would be urged to make a liberal application of the principle of State- aid to University education. Private effort in this direction has not achieved any signal success. It cannot be compared with the munificence which is employed in the United States for the same object. ,The disparity, indeed, is so great that Sir NORMAN LOCKYER proposes an heroic endeavour on the part of the nation. In 1838 an immense expenditure was undertaken to strengthen the Navy. Let us "do at once for brain-power what we so successfully did then for sea-power." To compete with Germany and the United States we need "eight additional Universities at the very lowest estimate." After careful inquiry, Sir NORMAN LOCKYER reckons the cost at £24,000,000 "for gradually organising, building, and endowing new Universities, and making the existing ones more efficient." How low the present standard of efficiency as fallen may be judged from the con- dition of Oxford, notoriously crippled for lack of funds. Oxford will "continue to be a mere bundle of colleges unless three millions are provided to enable the University, properly so called, to take her place among her sisters of the modern world." According to Sir OLIVER LODGE, £5,000,000 are needed by Birmingham University, for which private liberality has so far done comparatively little. The material advantage of such an outlay Sir NORMAN LOCKYER illustrates by the example of Germany. "I am told that the surn!of £24,000,000 is less than half the amount by which Germany is , yearly enriched by having improved upon our chemical industries, owing to our lack of scientific thit training. :Man other industries have, been attacked in ame way since; but, taking this one instance' e, if we had spent this money ' fifty years ago, when the Prince Consort first called attention to our bacxwardness, the nation would now be much richer than it is, and would have much less to fear from competition." In all this there is undeniable force, but Sir NORMAN LOCKYER would probably be the first to submit that before it can embark upon such a project the nation must be relieved from some of its present

The conduct of gipsies and other persons who laad a nomadic life has been the subject of discus sion and caused muchconoern in various:parts of the country. At Liverpool a child has died from being mauled by a bear belonging to a gipsy gang and from Manchester comes a report of the kidnapping of two children by gipsies. War- rigton with its main roads running North and South and East and West is perhaps as much visited by these wandering tribes as any place in the kingdom. Their presence not only endangers property but is a menace to the health of the community, and it is a relief to see them moving on. The Superintendent of Winwick Asylum has found it necessary to complain of the encampment of gipsies on a piece of ground in Hollins- lane, which was given by the Asylums' Board to !make a road improvement. Mr. Knowles showed the gravity of the complaint when he informed the Council that the gipsies not only encamped there but stopped the use of the cin- dered footpath near the Asylum by putting ropes across in order to pen their horses and other animals in. We have heard of persons finding it necessary to jealously guard their property against gipsies, but it seems thst the gipsies them- selves are equally on their guard against depreda- tors. As their presence is not desired the local police have had instructions to give them marching orders.

Lifeboat Saturday is now an event of the past and Warrington people have once more given striking proof of their willingness to assist deserv- ing causes. It was only on seeing the attractive pageant on Saturday that one realized how en- thusiastically the officials and committees had thrown themselves into the work of preparation. They gave their services freely and ungrudgingly and no doubt felt amply rewarded in knowing that they had been the means of lending a helping hand to the brave lifeboatinen of whom all England is worthily proud. The public showed their appre- ciation by contributing handsomely,and the result is all the more gratifying when it is considered that trade at present is by pc) means brisk. At least £250 will be handed over to the institution and the donation will, we are sure, be accepted as an evidence of Warrington's sympathy with the great life saving work so nobly carried on round the coasts of our sea-girt isle.

Although the street collection in the aggregate was highly satisfactory, it must not be supposed that every spectator was in a generous mood. The inevitable practical jokers found a grand oppor- tunity for playing their little pranks, and at the same time" bluffing" the collectors. When some of the boxes were opened the variety of the con- tents was found to be really astonishing. Bad coins, farthings, medals, buttons, and workmen's checks had been placed in the slots by many who evidently had not the courage to resist the appeal for some contribution. Then there were pieces of tubing, nuts and bolts, -tram tickets marbles, slate pencils, hairpins, and clog_ tips, whilst one bystander had actually been pre vailed upon to present the institution with a portion of a pair of braces. The articles might well be placed in the museum as examples of the generosity of certain Warringtonians in 1903! They form an interesting collection.

Runcorn possesses a unique organization in the shape of a Grappling Corps. It is composed of workingmen who voluntarily undertake the task of recovering the bodies of drowned persons with the aid of special appliances. Last week-end four members of the corps were instrumental in recovering the body of a boy who had been drowned in Sankey Brook at Warrington Their action naturally attracted the attention of Coroner Brighouse, who conducted the subsequent inquest, and his appreciation took the tangible form of a donation towards a fund which has opened with the object of purchasing a new grappling boat. It was intimated that the Corps would be willing at any time to come to Warring- ton when their services were required and the proposal that Warrington should raise 25 to enable them to obtain the necessary boat will, we are sure meet with willing support.

When a candidate for Parliamentary honours appears before the electors seeking their votes there is generally no lack of assurances on his part of his imention to serve the elector 8

Sir Edmund Barton, the Federal Premier fri Australia, is faced with a very serious position ,;;; connection with the white labour clause in ,E,"4, Post and Telegraphs Acts of the Federal Pal; merit. That Clause prevents the mail contrac, being given to companies which employ black !hire bour on their ships' and ic is opposed by tilo greater part of the business people of Austrtro on grounds of efficiency and justice. A deputa...ti°l which waited upon Sir Edmund Barton at eh; bourne last month put the case very clearly. 1, members held that experience proved that bni.L labour was more reliable than white, since men are not suitable to work in the stoke-bold If tropical regions. Only the waifs and stray's °t white humanity, 4 was argued, could be er to undertake, the work which was bad them, and but a small proportion of thes would be Englishmen. so that the Austral'.° Government was in the position of refusn: work to British subjects, because they sver.e, coloured, and of giving it to foreigners wl3°'d employment was not conducive to the safe an efficient running of mail steamers in tropical sea; Sir Edmund Barton, in his reply, would not adnil that white labour was less efficient or reliable that black, although he was aware the Orien" Company had tried white labour in the stolie:i hold and had given it up. But he resa his refusal to accede to the request of wri deputation that the clause sl,ould be repeal'i mainly on the grouud that the Government Lisa not yet had a chance to put it into operation a% try its effect. He argued quite reasonably that tro Federal Parliament could not be asked to repefil - clause, which it had only passed after much sideration before that clause had come into• fore,e; The experiment will be tried, and if it fails Government will consider the question of askl°o Parliament to retrace its steps.

-- As the population of Ireland decreases so tfil: proportion of lunatics in the island goes UP. '-ci the year 1851 the number of lunatics in the islai3 f was 5,074, and of idiots 4,906, making a total °a 9,980. In 1901 the total was increased to made up of 19 834 lunatics and 5,216 idiots. "'A iproportion of lunatics to the population has,lher' fore, increased from 1 in every 1,291 in 1851 no in every 225—a most alarming state of affairs. ,ilio would be difficult to assign a reason for te startling increase in insanity in Irelan3. Wlio the matter merely one of proportion, it Il3' 0 easily be explained by the fact of the constant emigration of the able-bodied and most intellige;l.o. part of the population. But the increa's° "fil numerically out of all proportion to the geirrbe state of the population, and the cause mflab t sought in other directions. Poverty is a gr,;ty producer of insanity, and in Ireland Poiv,f,.`,o, among the lower classes is the nofmal conel":re. Unquestionably the misery which haa r,".... vailed has had much to do with the larilt-rs% able facts recorded by the Lunacy Commissin%3o Another cause is to be found in the temperaa'a_ of the people. Abnormally merry, they arebt3;3o , ject to fits of depression so deep that no eil°r'' -sir rouse them to exnrtion on their own behalf. o- Horace Plunkett has described as one of the gra:ill est and most heartbreaking qf the difficulties wive- which he had to contend in his co-opbrative ril°4o ment the fatalism which seemed to posseo ' t people, especially in the West and South Whei.so'g where the Celtic strain is strongest. Nnt",:us seemed powerful enough to induce them to rn:to the effort which would change hopeless pover* ot- prosperity. He addressed no less than fifty 03e.ety ings before he could get one branch of his sonithe started—a melancholy testimony of how ;be misery of the last century had eaten int° nature of 019 people. Under such depreasintirltioo not strange that the minds of a latge Pr°P°With of the population should have given way. ' life brighter prospects and better conditions of 'i A it the evil may be removed to a great extent, annd is for this that every true pal riot must hoPe a work.

.. • IfouclAY The trade and navigation accounts issued on 1 via- m orning show that the imports into the United r - tie dom during August were £2,348,885 more th4ll,..feage corresponding month of last year. The chief comes under the head of food and dutiable, £1,462,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
&bares.

regardless of his own personal interests or the inconveniences to which he may be put. We sup- pose the Hon. A. de.Tatton Egerton, the member far the Knutsford division, is no exception to the rule. In any case we can hardly congratulate hire upon the manner which he has served his const ents during the last session of Parliament. study - study of the divicion lists has led us to the con- clusion that if any member of Parliament bas cause to be ashamed of the register of the "recording angel" it is che member for the Knuts- ford division. The session commenced at the latter end of February and concluded about the middle of August—a comparatively short session. But it was too long for the Hon. A. de Tatton Egerton. The first vote which he gave, se far as we have been able to trace, was on April 27th and his last vote was cast on July 15. Within this short period of less than three months he wss also absent from many of the most important divi- sions. The few votes which he did give plainlY indicate that the Member for the Knutsford Divi" sion is a thick and thin supporter of the Govern ment. --- Welshmen in the Knutsford Division who have watched with pain the uneven struggle between Lord Penrhyn acid his quarrymen willprobably reek° a mental note of the fact that the subject whicu awakened their representative from his lethargic condition and caused him:to preceed to Westminster was Mr. Asquith's motion with reference to the Penrhyn quarry dispute. It is more than probable that the Hon. A. de Tatton Egerton consulted his own predilections rather than the wishes of the majority of his constituents when he voted agains6 Mr. Asquith's motion condemning the inaction'? the Government in regard to the dispute. Agri; culturists and others who have felt the Pinch excessive railway rates for the carriage of agricni- tural produce had reasonable grounds for expect' ing that the representative of such an agricultural district as is included in the Knutsford would join in a resolution of protest against sue' rates. But no! We find him voting against Sir E. Strachey's motion of protest. RailwaymV ol will also be interested to learn that tilek Hon. A. de Tatton Egerton voted again' Mr. Caldwell's motion for preventing owes- sive hours of labour by railway servBot4. The hon. gentleman has evidently little sympatil.. with grievances of any kind, for he voted again!" Mr. Shnkleton's Trade Disputes Bill and Air: Lough's amendment with reference to the Pc" Office employes grievances. His constituents have certainly a grievance against him for the manner in which he has served them in Parliament and we shall be surprised if they do not give expression t° it at the first opportunity.

gcA saving of £1 a ton to the Iron industry" write a London correspondent, "sounds almost too geed to be true. Yet this result is promised by 3101 Cohen and Rouse, who have invented a process o c inverting ironsand into iron at a small cost. T1?1 ironsand, of which there are millions of tons 10 different parts of our colonies, particularly on the shores of the St Lawrence in Canada and 14 Taranaki in New Zealand, is composed of particles of iron broken off from huge submarine iron mountains and of sandy quartz. For over half century attempts have been made to turn this iron' sand into iron, but hitherto the cost of separating the iron from the quartz has been too great for cour mercial purposes. The most common scheme vnig ' add to the ironsand sufficient quantities matter to consolidate the whole,but the beiquettee thus produced failed to stand the heat of furnac.es* Imported iron ore is often of such poor qualitt that 271-, tons have to be melted down to make 007 ton of iron. In other words, freight dues have ti° be paid on an extra 150 per cent. This ironsanu, on the other hand, contains 70 per cent. pure Iron, so that dues would have to be paid only ou 90 extra 30 per cent. In the new process the iron: sand is rid of its quartz by being passed throuP a machine containing sEveral powerful magoets• Then the pure iron is mixed with a secret. win' pound and is pressed into briquettes, whicl. ars then put into the furnace and reduced to pig-iron. The whole operation occupies only one hour and.a quarter, and costs roughly is. a ton. If there no flaw in the discovery its importance is obvious.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'1 _ _ ,

===== 0002601_19030912_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. •Au open meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. ' Society will be held in the Co-operative Hall Sankey street to-morrow (Sunday)when the Rev. J. F. Matthews will deliver an address.

_ The annual Day School sermons will be preached at St. Paul's Church to-morrow (Sunday) in the morn- ing by the Rev. Morley Stevenson, and in the evening by the Rev. J. Wright Williams, vicar of Farnworth. Members of the Warrington Musical Society are re- minded that practices will be resumed in the Trinity Schoolroom, Museum-street, on Tuesday, the 22nd inst.

The, classes at the Borough Gymnasium will re-open -011 Monday next. Particulars appear in our advertis- ing columns.

A. bazaar in aid of the new chapel fund will be held in the Workingmen's Mission schools, Thewlis- ,treet, on November sth, 6th, and 7th. The second annual Warrington Eisteddfod will be held in Parr Hall on November 28th. Personal, The Rev. C. H. Cook, who recently accepted the Pastorate of Cairo-street Chapel, preached at that place of worship twice on Sunday. Some time will elapse before the rev. gentleman enters upon his duties in Warrington. %wick Educational Foundation. The result of the examination for the two Winwick exhibitions offered by the governors, held on Saturday the 18th July, 1903, has now come to hand. The two successful scholars are Arthur B. Brown (District School, Earlestown) and Wilfrid Reeves (St. Peter's School, Newton-le-Willows). The exhibitions are tenable for two years, at any schools, other than Public Elementary Schools, and are of the yearly value of £l5 each. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER theaocK.—Advt. Re-opening of Evening Schools. _ The Education Committee have made arrangements !or re-opening evening schools in various parts of the Borough. next week. There will be schools for men _tad youths at Hamilton-street National, Heathside National (Parochial, School), and Warrington British (Arpley-street). The schools for women and girls are at Fairfield National, Warrington British (Arpley- strseet) and Wycliffe British (Bewsey-street). Patti- era as to superintendents and days ca n be obtained on application at the Education Offices. The schools Open on are ;idi and Monday and Wednesday in some districts Tuesday and Thursday in others. The fees • rr week or 3s 6d. per session. Twit 1.• ASHTON'S LIFE TONiC is the KING OB" SO c aICB.--63' SANKEY-STREET, Warring ton.—Advt. ist Lecturer's Sudden Death. Mrs. Widdrin.gton, better known by her maiden ine of Miss Enid Stacy, the well-known Socialist Lecturer and writer,died very suddenly at Littleborough le. ear Rochdale, on Friday night last week. As a lec- turer she had visited nearly all the large towns in the 'lite(' Kingdom including Warrington,in the interests Socialism,and was one of the best platform speakers &tgland. Seven years ago she married the Rev. W. P. Widdrington, who is at present in charge of Calderbrook Parish, Littleborough. A Bank Manager's Retirement. A change of managership at the Northwich branch `e, Parr's Bank, Limited, has just occurred through the retirement of Mr. R. Cram. Warrington readers will be interested to know that the gentleman named entered:the bank at Parr and Co.. at Warrington, in 1804. Three years later he was appointed manager at Knutsford and Altrincham, where he remained until coming to Northwich 19 years ago. The vacancy ~...eaused has been filled by the appointment of Mr. J. D. tiolland, who comes from Fairfield, Liverpool. He has been in the service of the Bank for 30 years. . _ _

Secondary School Scholarships. At the Technical Institute yesterday an examination Was held for scholarships, tenable at the Secondary school. The examination was open to children of residents or ratepayers who intend to become pupil teachers in the Borough. There were 60 candidates for the 35 scholarships. Each scholarship is of the value of ;£5 per annum, together with free tuition and books. The examiners were Mr. A. Percival and Mr. J. Simkins, his Majesty's inspectors of schools. The object of the scholarships is to encourage young people to adopt teaching as a profession so that the needs of the Education Committee may be met by local candi- dates. We understand that an effort will be made at an early date to induce local gentlemeri to provide scholarships at the Secondary schools, which may be Won by candidates, independent of any restriction as 'to their becoming pupil teachers. Death of Mr. John Gartland. Another familiar figure in Warrington has been re- Moved by the death of Mr. John Gartland, the care- taker of the Manchester and Liverpool District Bank in Sankey-street, who passed away at his residence O n Saturday. Mr. Gartland, who was 62 years of age, had been unwell for three months, cancer on the stomach being the cause of death. He was an ex- soldier, having served in the Royal Horse Artillery for nearly 24 years. So well did he perform his duties that he rose to the rank of sergeant. He was With the forces in India for 16 years and "ling that period acted as Sergeant-Major. For the Past eleven years the deceased ad been the caretaker of the District Bank and occupied the post with credit to himself and satisfaction to his employers. He leaves a Widow, six sons and five daughters, with whom /Pell sympathy is expressed in their bereavement.— he funeral took place, with military honours, at the kjetnetery on Thursday afternoon. A firing party from Clrford Barracks was in attendance and fired three v.,cd.leYs over the grave. The Rev. Dr. Mercer conducted p,se,service. Many beautiful wreaths were forwarded, °Luding one from the staff at the Bank and one from r. Ilenshall, the manager. t. Ann's Vicarage Scheme. A The following appears in this month's issue of "St. Parish Magazine" :—During August much 44. ogress has been made in the erection of the Vicarage ir„twithstanding the wet weather. The general out- -11 of the house can now be seen and a most pleasing j'er,Pearance it presents. Most of our readers will be c.rested in the following extract from "S. Ann's onicle" for February 1870. In a report of the 1811117011a1 congregational tea party held on January 17th ex , the following is given: "Mr. Beamont was the RathtsPe. aker, and having congratulated the Vicar upon e ruig together so large a party, he proceeded to t,hat although a great deal had been done in St. Parish, they must recollect a great deal more kiee4 remains to do. One thing which was absolutely. tassarY and without which the parish was incom- kietenc;' was a Parsonage house. He said through the the Itess of Colonel Wilson-Patten the land adjoining church was now in the hands of one who would 6 land. for a house, so that it only required them to put the- shoulders to the wheel and the thirg would uorie."

'l3p2 -"Mon and Knowles Coal and Iron Company Limited. le thirtieth ordinary ,general meeting of this corn- P.alaY will beheld at the Comnany's offices in War- t r g °ll ork Thursday, the 24th of September. The .heoPaof,t of the directors has just been issued. The 11; lu of directors consists of Mr. J. S. Harmood (ti:ner (chairman), Mr. William H. 131eckly (deputy irnilan), Messrs. Edward Beck, John J. Bleckly, itylge P. Pearson, R. Brancker and W. Peter and 9 eTh profit the year ending June 30th, • s; for 1*.:), amount to .53,490 18s. 11d., and the balance rtitoeutgilhetr forward from last year is 1,7.28 R 14s. 4d., £00,715 13s. 3d. An interim dividend at the ati4 of (3 Per cent, per annum on the preference shares " Per cent. on the ordinary shares was paid in W.)ch last for the half-year ending December 31st, amountino. to ;£16,181 ss. The directors now 111 eontd that for the past half-year a dividend at ,hee'el rate of cent, per annum- on the preference el and and 5 per cent, on the ordinary shares be de- tigegi_malcing 1 total distribution for the year of n')° (1.--". The directors further recommend that be written off the colliery leases and'aond- &f 0 "mow. reducino. the item to v.,100,000; that .toial/s° be added to the Reserve Fund. making. the ; and that the balance of -t 7,190 13s. 3d. di:int-tied forward. The business of the Comnany Troin"itbo rear has suffered, both in coal and iron, agelcoess of demand and declining prices. in l'ance with the articles of Association, Mr. J. S. Banner retires from the Board, and is ;Ltd for re-election. The auditors, Messrs. Blease Nals, also retire, 'and are eligible for re-election.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

DUNNICO-RATHBONE.

A wedding which aroused considerable interest in Warrington was solemnized at Atherton Baptist Church on Monday afternoon the contracting parties being the Rev. Herbert Dunnico, pastor of the Baptist Church Golborne street Warrington, and Miss Harriet Rathbone second daughter of Mr. Robert Rathbone, contractor, of Atherton. There was a crowded congregation,including some twenty or thirty friends and members of the Warrington congregation,in addition to the following:— Mr. B. Few, Mr. and Mrs. Balmford, Mr. and Mrs. Heywood, Mr. W. Buckby, Mr. H. Buckbv and Miss Birch, Mr. and Mrs. Clatworthy and Mrs. `Wood. The streets adjoining the church were lined with spectators The bride who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in ivory silk crepe de chine,embroid- ered with Parisian insertion and ribbon. She also wore a beautifully embroidered veil fastened with a spray of orange blossoms, and carried a shower bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley. Her orna- ments were a gold chain and pendant, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss Lucy. Rath- bone (sister of the bride) and the Misses Cisme and Nellie Dunnico (sisters of the bridegroom). Miss Rathbone was attired in a dress of white muslin, em- broidered with insertion and lace, while the Misses Dunnico had dresses of cream cashmere trimmed with silk, and lace. The bridesmaids whose hats were trimmed with silk, lace and roses, carried bouquets of pink and white roses and wore gold brooches the gifts of the bridegroom. The bride's mother wore a dress of black figured silk, with lace collar and bonnet of pearl sequin, and Mrs. Dunnico (mother of the bridegroom) was dressed in dark blue habit cloth, trimmed with velvet and Parisian insertion, with bonnet to match. They carried streamers of red roses. Mr. J. Welsby of Ratcliffe, was the best man. Principal Bowser, M. A.,of the Midland Baptist Training College, Nottingham, per- formed the ceremony, assisted by the Rev. T. Featon,of Atherton. The hymn 0 love divine and golden" was sung during the service and Mr. Frank Unsworth, at the close, played Mendelssohn's "Wedding March." The reception, which was of a semi-.private character, was held at the Parish Church House, Atherton. The Rev. H. Dunnico during the afternoon received con- gratulatory telegrams from Professor Bumby (Notting- ham), and Dr. Witten Davies (Bangor). Principal Bowser expressed the great pleasure hehad had in being present and conducting, with Mr. Featon, the ceremony. Mr. Dunnico, whom he first knew about four years ago. went to the Midland Baptist College as one of his students, and during his college life he (the speaker) had had no reason to have any other than the highest respect and affectionate regard for him. He proved a diligent student, and made himself very acceptable to the churches in which he conducted a more or less pastoral work, especially the Church at Stanton Hill where he very much endeared himself to a mining population. He wished Mr. and Mrs. Dunnico the highest possible joy in their married life, and the largest measure of prosperity and success in their united service for Christ and the Church._

Mr. Robert Rathbone, in proposing the "Health of the bride and bridegroom," hoped their lives would be one of continued happiness, prosperity and joy. He was extremely pleased to see the representatives from Warrington.

The Rev. T. Featonalso spoke. Mr. Benjamin Few, of VVarrington, expressed on behalf of the Golborne-street Baptist Church, Warring- ton, their %welcome to Mrs.)" Dunnico as wife of the pastor of that church. Mr. Dunnico had lived with them for twelve months now, and they had had a happy time together. They were looking forward to still happier times when he brought his wife amongst them: He was sure Mr. and Mrs. Rathbone would feel proud to receive a son like Mr. Dunnico in their family, and Mr. and Mrs. Minnie() would equally beproudito receive a daughter !like Miss Rathoone in their family. All the congregation at Warrington welcomed them and wished them all prosperity. The Rev. H. Dunnico, responding, said he very much appreciated the kind ramarks which had been made about his wife and himself. He would just content himself with thanking them all for their kind wishes and would propose the " Health of the bridesmaids." Mr. J. Welsby responded. Later in the afternoon the happy couple were given a hearty send-off on the honeymoon tour to Ireland, returning via the Isle of Man. The bride's travelling dress was of blue frieze.

The presents included the following Bride to bridegroom, gold ring and gold-mounted umbrella

Bridegroom to bride, gold chain and pendant Bridegroom to bridesmaids, gold brooches and bouquets Bride's father, cheque Bride's mother, mahogany dining table and household linen

Bridegroom's father and mother, dining-room suite 'and bedroom clock

Mr. and Mrs. H. Rathbone (Atherton), white counter- pane - - —— - -

Mr. and Mrs. T. Rlthbone (Atherton), electric blue tablecloth

Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Boyden (Tyldesley), house- hold linen

Mr. and Mrs. J. Unsworth (Leigh), toilet set Miss Lucy Rathbone. pair of bronzes Misses Ethel and Nellie Rathbone, tea service Misses Cissie and Nellie Dunnico (Farnworth), pair of fruit dishes

Miss Edith Dunnico, pair of salts Mr. Frank Dunnico, case of meat and game carvers Deacons of Warrington Baptist Church, mahogany sideboard Dr. and Mrs. Ferguson (Warrington), silver spirit egg steamer. Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller (Atherton), tray cloth Miss L. Aspinall (Daisy Hill), table cloth and half dozen serviettes

Miss Aspinall, pair of pillow cases and Irish lin4n tray cloth

Mr. and Mrs. D. Boydell (TyMosley), wool rug Mr. and Mrs. J. Edge (Atherton), silver teapot Rev. H. Buckley (Luton), half dozen serviettes Mrs. S. Mather (Atherton), glass water jug Mrs. T. Mather (Atherton), coal scuttle Principal and Mrs. Bowser (Nottingham) silver serviette rings Rev. Dr. and Mrs WittenDavies(Bangor),biscuit barrel Mrs. Tynan (Warrington). silk cushion Professor Bumby M.A. (Nottingham), cutlery Mr. Robinson (Newton Heath). kitchen utensils Rev. A. Robinson (Portsmouth), oak bookstand Mr. and Mrs. J. Welsby (Ratcliffe), carvers Mr. and Mrs. R.Wood (Warrington). desert knives Mr. and Mrs. Williams, pair of photo frames Mrs. Unsworth, silver sugar sifter, jam spoon and pickle fork. IVliss Boardman, jam dish Mrs. Tynan, silk cushion RIGBY—FAGAN.

Considerable local interest was taken in the marriage on Tuesday morning at St. Alban's Roman Catholic Church, Bewsey-street, Warrington, of Mr. Thos. P. Rigby, builder, Wilderspool-road, and Miss Mary Fagan, second daughter of Mr. James Fagan, St. Benedict's- avenue, Orford-lane. The Rev. Father Whittle, rector, officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a white silk dress trimmed with lace, and a white picture hat bedecked with an ostrich feather. She carried a shower bouquet of lilies of the valley. There were two bridesmaids—Miss Katie Fagan (sister) and Miss Mary P. Rigby. (sister of the bridegroom). i The former was attired n pink silk, and Miss Rigby had a blue costume trimmed with cream silk. Each wore a black hat, and had bouquets of marguerites. Thebest man was Mr. Wilfrid Rigby (brother of the bridegroom). Selections of music, including Mendel- ssohn's "Wedding March," were played on the organ by Mr. J. Eckersley. After a reception, Mr. and Mrs. Rigby left for the lake district, the bride travelling in a green tailor-made costume and black velvet hat. They were the recipients of many choice presents. _ ROYLANCE—LOUGHLIN.

On Tuesday morning at St. Anne's Church, Edgehill, Liverpool, with the full ritual of the Catholic Church. the wedding took place of Mr. Harry Roylance, second son of Mr. Abraham Roylance of Rolleston-street, Warrington, and Miss May Longhlin, the only daughter of Mrs. Loughlin, of Edgehill, Liverpool. The bride who was handsomely attired was given away by her brother, Mr. Tom Loughlin. She was attended by Miss Hill and Miss Mitchelson as bridesmaids. Mr. W. Bate discharged the duties of best man. The bride's mother afterwards gave a reception at her residence. The happy couple afterwards departed for Colwyn Ray. The pre- sents were very numerous. OWEN—POTTER.

There was a pretty wedding at St. Mary's Church. Great Sankey. on Thursday afternoon, the contracting parties being Mr. William Houghton Owen, eldest son of Mrs. Thomas Owen, The Pollards. Penketh. and Miss Florence CarolinePotter.eldest daughter of Captain A.F. G. Potter. 19, Lovely-lase. Although rain was falling heavily, a large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony, the church being well filled. The officiating clergymen were the Revs. J. R. Jones, Vicar of Great Sankey, and A. Houghton, of St. Stephen's, Bury (uncle of the bridegroom). The .service Was choral, the hymns "The Voice that breathed o'er Eden." and "Father of life," heing sung. Miss Standish presided at the organ and played appropriate selections, including Meadelssohn's "Wedding March." The bride, who was given away by her father, WWI charmingly attired in a dress of ivory silk crepe de chine, trimmed with lace and orange blossom. She wore a veil of Brussels lace and wreath of orange blossom, and carried a lovely bouquet of lilies of the valley, the gift of the bridegroom. Another gift from the bride- groom was a beautiful gold brooch. She was attended by four bridesmaids—Miss A. Potter (sister of the bride). Miss D. Owen (sister of the bridegroom), Miss Gilbert (cousin of the bride). and Miss Gerrard. Their dresses werelof pale groen crepe de chine and they had large white hats with tulle strings. They carried bouquets of crimson roses, the gifts of the bridegroom, and their ornaments were gold curb bracelets, presented by the bridegroom. Each bridesmaid received rl/4 present of a floral fan from the bride. Mr. T. Hong,hfon Owen (brother of the bride- groom),*discharged the duties of best man. After the marriage ceremony, a reception was held at the Winmar- lei 0) Ca f 4, a large number of guests attending. Later in the day, the newly-married couple left for a tour in the north.. The bride's travelling dress was a tweed costume with crimson hat. Numerous and valuable presents were received.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday September 12, 1903.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

BURGLARY AT HA YDOCK.

On Thursday there appeared in the dock at Newton- le-Willows Police Court four St. Helens corner boys named John Connolly, Henry Hunter, Richard Kerwick, and John Wayman, on charges of frequenting with intent to commit a felony and with attempting to break into the pawnshop owned by George Gleave, Clipsley- lane, Haydock, on the Ist inst. On the application of the police Wayman was discharged. The evidence showed that the four young men met near St. Helens Station and decided upon " bursting " Gleave's pawnshop. Wayman was watching,whilst the other three attempted to effect an entrance with a key. Sergeant Walker came along the road, whereupon Wayman walked sharply away and the other three hid in a hedge. The officer's suspicions being aroused, he apprehended Wayman, took him back to the pawnshop, and discovered that an en- trance had been attempted. Hunter and Kerwick sur- rendered themselves, and Connolly was apprehended. The three prisoners were sent to gaol for two months with hard labour. Kerwick was then charged with breaking and entering the pawnshop of Peter Grundy, also of Haydock, and stealing silk handkerchiefs and clothing, value £2, early in July. The magistrates con- sidered that the evidence was not sufficiently strong against the defendant, and gave him the benefit of the doubt.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
BETTING RAIDS AT EARLESTOWN.

On Thursday, at the Newton-le-Willows Police Court, Mary Unsworth, 40, Fairclough-street, Earlestown, was brought up on remand charged with keeping a betting house. Defendant pleaded guilty.—Mr. A. Browne,who appeared on behalf of the police, stated that defendant had carried on the betting business in the absence of her husband, who was a collier. Evidence having been given, defendant was fined £5 and costs.—Thomas Sulli- van and Garrett Murray, who were found in Mrs. Unsworth's house were bound over for six months in £5 for aiding and abetting. Jane Traverse, of Collin's Green, was also charged with keeping a betting house. She admitted the offence, and was fined -R5 and costs, in all £7 13s. 6d.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

DEATH OF MR. E. TURLEY,_ OF ST. HELENS.

Mr. Ernest Turley, of Loanda Villa, Denton's Green, St. Helens, died on Sunday afternoon after a somewhat lengthy illness. The deceased had been in bpsiness, in succession to his father, for many years, and was highly respected. He was only thirty-four years of age, and leaves a widow and four children to mourn his loss. POLICE APPOINTMENT AT ST. HELENS.

Detective Joseph Holding, of .the St. Helens force, has been promoted to the rank of sergeant. The new sergeant has been a member of the force since its insti- tution, and is a very able and popular officer. He will take charge of the Thatto Heath and Sherdley districts. Constable James Curran has been appointed to succeed him as detective.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

POO.R RATE DEFAULTERS.

Twenty four persons were summoned at the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, for non-payment of the poor iate. The cases were proved by Mr. W. Sutton,assistant overseer.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED ROBBERY AT RUNCORN.

Sarah and Esther Webb, sisters, were charged at Run- corn, on Monday with stealing 7s 6d from the person of John Basnett, a young man residing at King street. Basnett stated that he went to Webb's house 011 Saturday night with the prisoner Esther. He was under the in- fluence of drink, and fell asleep on the sofa. When he awoke he found three half-crowns had been taken from his pocket. The prisoners gave evidence on oath and were discharged.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED THEFT AT WIDNES.

On Monday, at Widnes, a middle-aged man named Michael Jennings, 14, Barn-street, was charged with having stolen a silver lever watch, value £6,the property of Ralph Boyle, 14, Frank-street, Widnes. Superintend- ent Keighley stated that on Saturday afternoon the prosecutor went to visit his former landlady at 14, Barn-street, and while there the prisoner sho wed him his watch. The prosecutor also showed the prisoner his watch, taking it off the chain and handing it to him. Just then a missionary called with some tracts, and the prosecutor and the landlady left the room to talk to him. When they came back the prisoner and the watch were missing. He was afterwards arrested by Police- constable Lord at a house in Bridge-street:—The prose- cutor bore out the above statement. In answer to the magistrates, he said the prisoner seemed a decent m and he did not think he intended to steal the watch. He would be much obliged if the bench allowed him tr, withdraw the charge.—The magistrates adopted this course, and discharged the:prisoner with a caution.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN COUNCIL.

The Charges for Hospital Patients.

The monthly meeting of the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council was held at the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday, Mr. W. Collingwood presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. Borron' Emmett, Gilmour, Ormand, Thompson, Clarke, Evans, Drs. Patterson and Latham, Mr. C. Cole (clerk), and Mr. A Bowes (sur- veyor). FINANCE COMMITTEE

At a meeting of this committee the Clerk submitted to the committee notice received from Mr. C. F. Jordi- son district auditor, of his intention to commence the audit of the accounts of this Council for the year ended the3lst March, 1903, on Monday, the 21st September

The minutes were adopted. Dr. Latham drewattention to the charges for patients maintained in the infectious hospital. He moved that the minutes be referred _back to committee for farther con- sideration. He submitted that when the fact was put before the ratepayers that there would be a charge in future for the maintenance of patients in hospital it would be detrimental to the health of the township. Mr. Evans seconded, because he thought this was a matter that ought to be thoroughly inquired into. Mr. Clarke hardly thought this was a questidn to be raised in Council. The Council was not a philanthropic institution and could not afford to pay for everybody. It would be a good policy for the Council to pay for those who could not afford, and the Council would make a mistake if they departed from the principle laid down in the minute. Mr. o.rmand thought it had been the practice of the Council to seek for and insist upon payment in all cases where the Council was assured that the payment could be afforded; and he knew of only one case in which payment had been refused. Dr. Latham asked if Mr. Ormand could give the names of every individual in cases that had been pre- viously paid for. The Chairmani ruled the question out of order. Mr. Ormand added that it was absolutely out of order as Dr. Latham 'had no right to make another speech. As a matter of courtesy he could give the names of the people and the amount recovered by the Council in committee, but not in Council. Mr. Gilmour said he was pleased with the commit- tee's recommendation that those who could ought to pay. On the motion being put, Dr. Latham and Mr. Evans were the only members who were in favour of the resolution. At a meeting of the Highways and Sanitary Com- mittee the Medical Officer of Health attended, and reported the receipt of a notification of small-pox in Crown-street, Earlestown, that immediately the case was notified he had taken steps for preventing the spread of the disease, and that he was communicating with small-pox hospitals in the neighbourhood with the view of the woman's immediate removal to such an institution. He also stated that the tents provided by this Council for the isolation of patients suffering from this disease were being erected in case of a further out- break. It was resolved that Drs. Latham and Patter- son and the Medical Officer of Health be empowered to take such steps for the isolation of cases of small-pox as they may deem necessary, and further to engage such medical attendance and nurses, and to incur suchexpen- diture in relation thereto as may appear to them requisite. It was resolved to consider various schemes before the committee in the following order : —Mr. Carnegie's offer, Isolation Hospital, baths anci wash-houses, site for destructor, extension of Town Hall. The minutes were carried.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHA LL.

THE CRICKET CLUB.—The concluding fixture of the season was played at Lymm and ended in defeat for the visitors. Lymm battered first and made a poor display with 43,but their opponents answered with a feebler one their score only totalling Si runs. For the winners, Lowe and Thorpe, bowled very successfully. Thorpe 15 and Marsden 14, contributed most to the score, War- burton, for Grappenhall, played a good innings for his 5, but, unfortunately, no one backed him alp.

The gale and heavy rain of Tuesday night caused a good deal of damage in Lancashire and Cheshire. The Irwell, the Ribble. and other streams overflowed their banks, and, in additionto some flooding of houses, mills were stopped at Clitheroe and Nelson by the water invading the engine rooms. The crops also suffered. In North Wales considerable. damage is reported. Rail. way traffic between Bala and the coast has been interrupted. Bala itself and other places have been flooded, and losses of sheep are reported from several districts.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FIGHT FOR CHEAP FOOD FOR THE PEOPLE.

BY ALFRED EMMOTT, M.P.

"If you are to give a preference to the Colonies . . . you must put a tax on food." • So said Mr. Chamberlain in the House of Commons on May 28th; and on June 26th, speaking at the Constitutional Club, he added: "A system of Preferential Tariffs is the only system by which this Empire can be kept together." I am asked to write on "Cheap Food for the People." Let me establish :

(1) The very elementary point that import duties on food in a country like this must raise the price of food by at least the amount of the duty. (2) That the taxing of corn and meat with a prefer- ence to our own Colonies will cost the country far more than it will bring into the Exchequer. (3) That wages do not rise and fall with the price of bread; indeed, that they are more likely to vary inversely. (4) That the condition of the mass of the people in other protected European nations is much worse than in this country. Myfirst position is that import duties on articles of food which we import largely must, in the long run, raise the price of those articles by qkt least the amount of the duty. Let us deal with the matter theoretically and practically. Theoretically the price of wheat in the homemarket is the price of that portion of it which is most costly to produce, and for which there is a demand. We import more than three-fourths of the wheat we use, and the price is set from abroad for all practical pur- poses. If it falls, our farmers produce less ;if it rises, they produce more. The governing factor for many years has been the price in the United States, plus the cost of bringing it over here. The effect of an import duty in such a market as ours would vary according to its amount. If it were comparatively a small duty it would not lead to any great increase of wheat-growing in this country. The price, therefore, would remain the cost price, allowing for usual profits. of the portion mostdifficult to produce abroad which comes to this market, plus the cost of carriage and the duty. If it were a large duty the effect would ' be somewhat different, but it is needless to pursue that subject, for no one suggests a large duty. It is said that part, if not the whole, of the duty would be borne by exporting countries. That may be possible, in a falling or stagnant market, in the case of a small duty suddenly imposed, and during a very few weeks or months after its imposition. Otherwise the position is unthinkable, for what does it mean if true? It means that by putting a 2s. duty on corn here we immediately lower the price of all the wheat in the United States by a similar amount. There cannot,be two prices for the same article in the same market: so if the foreigner pays any small duty we put on here, he must take a lower price than he otherwise would sell at in his own market, not only for what he sells for export, but also for what he sells at home. If that were the case, and the price were lowered below the cost of pro- duction of the portion of -wheat most difficult to produce, then a less acreage would be put on to wheat until the price rose again to a Jiving figure.. So much for theory. Practically, the matter is simpler to deal with. Francois almost self-supporting as regards wheat. There ia no reason, therefore, why the price of wheat should be materially higher than it is in this country, even though there is a heavy import duty. What are the facts, however? The price in France is regularly and persistently higher to a great degree, and recently an answer given in the House of [ Commons showed that the price in France was I 13s. 20. per quarter higher than our price, although I the )duty was only 12s. 20. Mutatis Tautanclis, I the result in Germany is the same. Not many years ago Germany exported wheat, and whether there was an import duty or not the price was often lower there than in this country. Of late years Germany has imported wheat,and the price is practically the same price as in this country, plus the import duty of 7s. 7d. per quarter. I might go on with Italy and i other importing countries, but it s unnecessary. I may point out, however, that we import from abroad SO enormously greater a proportion of the wheat we con- sume than do France or Germany, that, all the more as compared with them, we, and not the exporting , country, must pay any duty we impose. I Having, now shown theoretically and practically, why import duties on di-tides of food which we import largely must, in the long run, raise the prices of those articles by the amount of the duty, let me deal with the second point—that the taxing of corn and meat, with a preference to our own Colonies, will cost the country I far more than it will bring into the Exchequer. Roughly speaking, the amount of wheat and flour produced in this country and imported from our own possessions is three-eighths of the whole. If we put a tax on wheat and flour from foreigncountrie.s, we shall raise the price per quarter at least as much as the tax; but the Ex- chequer receipts from the tax will only be live-eighths of the extra cost due to the price being raised. Thus, supposing we retain for home consump- tion 62,500,000 cwt. of foreign wheat and flour, the amount received by the Exchequer, if the tax were Gd. per cwt., would be £1,562,500 but the amount that the country would pay owing to the increase of price would be £2,500,000. In reference to meat, a greater proportion is raised at home or imported from our own possessions. The effect of a tax would be to raise the price in accordance with the tax, but the Exchequer would not receive more than one- half of the extra amount the country would have to pay. This is why it is impossible for Mr. Chamberlain to compensate for the increased cost of bread, "by a proportionate decrease in some other articles I either of consumption or that are necessary for the comfort of life." All our tea, sugar and tobacco come from abroad. Any tax put upon them is paid upon every pound which is consumed in the country. The basis of taxation cannot be adjusted by transferring taxation from tea, sugar, and tobacco Ito corn and meat without its costing the country a great deal more than the Exchequer will receive. 1 Turning to the third point, that wages do not rise and fall with the price of bread—indeed, that they are much more likely to vary inversely with the price of bread—l may again treat the question theoretically and practically. Theoretically, the argument is that man must eat to live, and that when his income is limited, and food is dear, a greater proportiOn of his income must go in payment. for, food and a less amount for rent, clothes, furniture, travelling, and luxuries. When the price of food rises, therefore, the working man has a less margin to spend on these other items, and that must prejudicially affect the general trade of the country. _

So muclifor theory; now for practice. lam content, to shelter myself behind the authority of "An Econom- ist," who has recently been writing to the Times in support of Mr. Chamberlain's views. In his third article he says "I should maintain that, ecteris paribus, the chances are that in modern England a tax on the neces- saries of life, considered as an isolated expedient, would in no case be followed by an increase of wages propor- tionate to the tax. The economic history of England does not give much support to the view that a rise of wages necessarily follows an increase in the cost of living." So much for our modern economist. My next quotation is over sixty years old. On February 24th 1842, Cobden, speaking in the House of Commons, said: "Do you think that the fallacy. of 1815, which I heard put forthso boldly last week, that wages 'rose and fell with the price of bread, can now prevail in the minds of working men after the experience of the last three years? Has not the price of bread been higher during that time than for any three consecutive years for the last twenty years? And yet trade has suffered Ogreater decline in every branch of industry during this period than in any preceding three years." There is no doubt, I think, of the facts in this case, and undoubtedly they had an im- portant effect onthe mind of Peel, and greatly increased the doubts he was beginning to feel of the efficacy of Protection.

Finally, on this branch of the subject, let me appeal to the history of the last thirty years. Prices of food- stuffs, and of commodities in general, have fallen during tbat period=-more particularly down to 1895—yet wages on the whole have materially increased. Whoever has heard during that period of a demand for an increase of wages being based on an increase of the cost of food. On the whole, demands have been made, and have been enforced, on account of good trade and general pros- perity. Ido not know of a single instance where a plea has been entered on account of the cost of food.

The last consideration I mentioned was anall-import-1 ant one from the standpoint of the working classes the relative condition of the mass of the people in Other European countries I say " European Countries" advisedly, for obviously there can be no , comparison between an old country like ours,l whose exports must be preponderating manufactured goods, and a new country like the United States, whose 'exports are principally foodstuffs and raw material. A ' much fairer comparison can be drawn between this country and France or Germany than between this country and the United States. leave France out of account, because no one suggests that France is forging rapidly ahead at our expense. All our fears and jealousies, so far as Europe is concerned, are centred on Germany, and if I can shew that the condition of the mass of the people in Germany is far inferior to that of the mass of the people in this country, it will not be necessary to make a comparison with any other European nation. Germany's great advance in the export of I manufactured goods is not disputed, but it is a very I much more doubtful question whether it can continue. A desperate effort has been made in that country to regulate the prices for the home market by syndicates and cartels, a.nd to sell any surplus product abroad, even at a loss, in order to keep their manufactories at work. One extreme case is quoted by Consul-General Oppen- heimer, in his report of the trade of the Consular dis- trict of Frankfort-on-Main for the year 1902, of the syndicate of German wire tack manufacturers who are said to have made a profit of £60,000 in six months in their home market and suffered a loss of £43,000 on ' their export trade. What is the result of all this ? It has not yet had a sufficiently extended trial to enable us to judge accurately. This much we know. Up to 1900 there was a period of inflated credit. Then came an inevit- able collapse with the failure of the Leipziger Bank. No such collapse occurred here. Since that time Ger- many has suffered severely from depression at home,

althengh her export trade has been maintained. She has, in fact, been selling her goods abroad at any price obtainable, whether it shewed a profit or loss. Consul- General Schwabach, in his report on the trade of Ger- many for 1902, says: "It must not lbe forgotten that the flatness of the whole market led to an export trade, which was in many cases unremunerative, to use no stronger expression." Now, Germany is not strong enough, financially, to cultivate a permanently unre- munerative export trade for the sake of her home manu- facture. The more her foreign trade is pushed at a loss, the more her people at home sufferfrom the high prices charged by the syndicates in Germany. Last year she constructed a new tariff at the behest of the agrarians. It is not yet put into force. A Government Commission has been appointed to investigate the effect of trusts, syndicates, and cartels on the welfare of Germany. A " grand inquest" of a much more scientific character than ours is going on there. This very fact shows that all is not well with them.

The Gorman factory inspectors give a depressing account of the effect on wages and employment of the slump in trade which has followed the crisis of 1900. In the Berlin factory district an increase in 1902 of 10,150 unemployed—four-fifths adult men—and a large number on short time. At Essen 12,000 applicants for 4,000 posts. In Westphalia "playshifts "and decrease of wages. In the Reichenbach district "the standard of life of the working classes has been worsened." In the machine industry of the Chemnitz district the male workpeople decreased from 23,719 in 1900 to 20,799 in 1902. In the Grand Puchy of Baden, restriction of out- put and reduction of wages, and so on, and so on. What is the position of the German workman at present as compared with that of English operatives? Probably the worst-paid English labourer is the farm servant. His wages vary in different parts of the country, but they probably average fully £43 15s. a year. In a typical German province the wages are £25 7s. for a man, £5.105.. for his wife, and £5 for two . .

children, or £35 17s. in all, compared N.vith the £43 15s. earned by the man alone in England. It is the same with other classes of labour. Sir John Brunner tells us the average daily wage of a worker in alkali manufac- ture is 22 per cent, less in Germany than in England. Turners, fitters, smiths, joiners, patternmakers, railway porters, shunters, pointsmen, locomotive firemen all earn from 20 per cent. to 40 per cent. less in Germany than in England. As they earn less, so their standard of living is lower. Wheaten bread is a luxury to them, for the price of wheat is higher through the duty. They eat black bread instead of white, and less meat, and much of what they do eat the English working man would turn from in disgust. My point is proved. We are asked to imitate Ger- many. The great expansion of German trade has led to widespread depression there, while our condition has remained eminently satisfactory. We still eat as much wheat-flour and meat and tea. and sugar,, smoke as much tobacco, and drink as much beer as ever. We shall want a good deal of persuasion to make us change to a diet of black bread and horseflesh, and a home market kept at an artificially high figure by import duties. ALFRED EMMOTT.

[This article forms one of a series which we have arranged with leading members of the Eighty Club to contribute to our columns. Book copy-right strictly resesved. The next article will be by Mr. Corrie Grant, M.P., on "EDUCATION PROBLEMS."]

===== 0002601_19030912_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
AMATEUR OPERA IN WARRINGTON.

Although no public announcement of the fact has hitherto been made it has been pretty generally known that one of the Gilbert-Sullivan operas has for some time past been in rehearsal by a body of local lady and gentlemen amateurs. The project is the outcome of effort made by a subcommittee of The Warrington Musical Society with the object of aiding the society's funds and we believe the idea has been taken up most enthusiastically. The opera chosen is " The Yeomen of the Guard," the finest perhaps of the many happy joint productions of a celebrated librettist and a renowned composer, and, as will be seen from a preliminary announcement in our advertising columns, four grand stage performances are to be given in the Parr Hall in the third week in October. The staging, the costumes, the chorus and the orchestra will, we understand, be on a most complete and elaborate scale, full advantage being taken of the recent thorough adaptation of the Hall for theatrical purposes. In this connection, it may be interesting to state that the en- larged stage at Parr Hall will give a 24 feet opening in the proscenium front with 25 feet depth backwards. Messrs Le Maistre St Co. the ',ell-Imown theatrical ex- perts, who are reconstructing the proscenium and stage arrangements for the Warrington Corporation, will supply a fine background scene depicting the Tower of London for the purposes of "The Yeomen of the Guard" rehearsals for which,—commenced in the Spring and carried on far into July—were resumed after the holi- days on Tuesday last. The whole of the principal parts and the chorus will be undertaken by members of the Musical Society. The orchestra will also be entirely amateur under Nir. R. H. Pearson's leadership. The musical training of principals,chorus and orchestra is,we need hardly say, in the competent hands of Mr. F. H. Crossley,vrhilst the necessary dramatic instruction is being given by an expert of some standing—Mr. E. Thornley- Dodge of Manchester. By the courtesy of Mr. J. New- combe,the hon. secretary and treasurer to the'opera com- mittee, we are Mlle to append the cast which is as follows THE YEOMEN OF THE GUARD.

• DRA.M ATIS PERSONX. Sir Richard Cholmondeley Mr. 3. W. Bibby Colonel Fairfax Sergeant Meryll Mr. F'. Fieldhouse Leonard Meryll Jack Point Wilfred Shadbolt Elsie Maynard Mrs. Arthur Booth Pho3be Meryll Miss Mabel Henshall Dame Carruthers Kate We understand that the chorus numbers about forty and that the orchestra will include some twenty instrumentalists. The rehearsals in the Cairo-street Schoolroom are being gone through with an enthusiasm which augurs well for a successful and artistic present- ment of the opera and we do not doubt that the public support of so novel yet welcome an enterprise will prove alike hearty and encouraging.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER WARRINGTON BOY DROWNED.

The Jury's Recommendation.

Another sad drowning case has to be reported and again the victim is a boy. On Thursday afternoon Frederick Curtis Bennie, the seven year old son of Mr. Frederick T. Bennie, contractor, 80, Liverpool-road,was drowned in the Mersey near Messrs. Monks, Hall and Company's:works, and his body was not recovered until a quarter to eight in the evening. The inquest was con- ducted at the Police Station yesterday afternoon by Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner. Mr:Sennie told the jury that he last saw his son alive at eight o'clock on Thursday morning when he went out to play. Later in the day he heard that the boy had been drowned, and in the evening the body was recovered from the river.

Thomas Robert Chambers, nine years of age, 10, Dale- street, stated that he was playing with the deceased by the riverside on Thursday afternoon. They were play- ing at "stonies" when deceased's cap blew off and fell into the water. Deceased went down some steps lead- ing to the water's edge and tried to reach the cap but he slipped and fell into' the river and disappeared in a short time.

Frederick William Dutton, 162, Liverpool-road, stated that he recovered the body at 7.45 in the evening. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned" and expressed sincere sympathy with the parents in their sad bereavement. The foreman added that they were of the opinion that somethiag should be done to prevent such fatalities in the future. At present there was no barrier between the roadway and the river audit was an easy matter for children to fall into the water. The river wall was so high and of such a length at that point that a good swimmer would find great difficulty in getting out of the water and the jury thought that lifebelts or similar appliances should be provided. The Deputy Coroner said that if the jury's recom mendation were conveyed to the Corporation something would no doubt be done.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Fire at Winwick.

At six o'clock on Wednesday evening an outbreak of fire occurred at Aubery Farm, Winwick, which is occupied by Mr. Birchall. The Warrington Fire Brigade was informed and a number of men turned out under the direction of Deputy Superintendent Turner, with a steam engine. On arrival it was found that a stack consisting of about 40 tons of hay was ablaze. The firemen succeeded in preventing the flames from .spreading to the farm buildings but the stack was practically destroyed.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

"CORNFLOUR."

A NEW SWEET BISCUIT.

DAINTY IN DESIGN.

DELICATE IN FLAVOUR.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MODERATE IN PRICE.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

IRugby Football.

Warrington have started well. To obtain a double brace of points in the first match is a good beginning According to a Yorkshire contemporary Warrington have already qualified for " top place "by beating Leigh. There seems no reason why Warrington should not "top " last year's position in the League. The team which donned the" primrose and blue , ' jersey on Saturday hardly played up to expectations but unless something unfor-seen happens they should 'ere long, fully justify the good im- pression which has evidently been made in Yorkshire. They will have a splendid opportunity of showing their mettle to-day, when they visit Hull. Two ad- ditional points at the expense of the "third-porters " would indeed be a promising start for the 1903-4 season.

The meeting of Warrington and Leigh is a time- honoured fixture and although Leigh is not one of the best teams to'draw spectators to the Wilderspool en- closure, no complaint could be made as to the dimen- sions of the "gate" on Saturday. A good number journeyed from Leigh and helped to swell the pro- ceeds which amounted to £llO. This totai is exclusive offmembers' subscriptions of which a large number were received. The steady stream of spectators wending their way along Wilderspool Causeway about three ;o'clock on Saturday was, in itself, evidence of the commencement of the football season and a striking proof that interest in the game has been but lying dormant during the past four months. The enaosure looked at its best. The heavy rain which was experienced in the morning had made the turf a little heavy-going, but the grass has grown wonderfully well since last April and many clubs would consider themselves fortunate if they were able to possess such an excellent piece of turf as that at Wilderspool.

Neither side was able to place the best possible fifteen in the field. The unfortunate accident which befel Harris will prevent him from occupying his accustomed place on the right wing for some weeks and the three-quarter line hardly looked the same without him. In Brooks the committee selected a capable substitute, especially when it comes to tackl- ing, but he has not the initiative or scoring ability of Harris. It is almost safe to say that at least one more try would have been registered on Saturday if Harris had been given the pass which Brooks fumbled in the I second half of the game. Then on the Leigh side there was also a notable absentee. Burgess instead of figuring in the Leigh half-back division- was watching the game from the pavilion end, la,m9nt ing his inability to play owing to an injured knee which he sustained at St. Helens in the first minute of the game on the previous Tuesday. This was his only opportunity of playing on the Wilderspool enclosure this season and one cannot but sympathise with him in his ill-luck.

Isherwood lost the toss, and Bennett, the Leigh captain, wisely chose to play with the wind and sun behind his men in the first half. Warrington made a good start,and it looked as though something tangible had been scored when one of the forwards grounded the ball under the post, from a cross-kick by Fish. The referee, however, had a different opinion and a scrimmage was ordered. Then Leigh got down to the Warrington end and a beautiful movement between Bennett and Johnson ended in the last-named player evading Brooks and • registering the first try. At this early success, the Leighites were greatly pleased and visions of points in the Northern and West Lancashire Leagues crossed their minds. As if to add a little more sting to the visi- tors attack Molyneux made an attempt to drop a goal but it went wide and the home spectators breathed freely. At half time the visitors were leading by a try to nil. On turning round it was confidently antici- pated That the Warrington men would soon wipe off the arrears. But some time elapsed before this happy condition of affairs came about. In misfielding the ball Hallam almeist let the visitors in, but Fish came to the rescue and saved in characteristic fashion by a run and kick into touch.

Delays were caused by the new rule abolishing a penalty for " feet-up " and it was with difficulty that the ball could he placed in the scrimmage. There were loud complaints from the spectators and unless some steps are taken to modify the privileges allowed to the scrummagers I am afraid many a good match will be completely sn3ilt. lt was evident from the rough horse play which was taking place in the scrim- mage that the players themselves were being punished. I hear there wera loud complaints in the dressing-room afterwards and it is a pity the authors of the new regulations were not present to hear them.

But to return to the match. Davies showed great perseverance in getting the ball into the scrummage, and did not despair if he was daunted once, twice, thrice, or even four times in getting it to the feet of the players. Several passing movements by the War- rington backs failed to pierce the Leigh defence, and matters were beginning to lolk ominous for the home team until the last quarter of an hour was entered. upon. Then a wonderful change came o'er the scene. A movement initiated by Davies, and taken up by Isherwood and Fish, resulted in the last-named open- ing his scoring ace-flint and registering the first try for Warrington. From this point to the close War- rington played in irresistible fashion. Another score came unexpectedly from the same trio; only on this occasion Fish was unable to complete the movement, and finding his way barred, he passed back to Isher- wood, who forced his way over the line amid a crowd of opponents. Hallatn added the major points by a well-judged place kick. This completed the scoring and redeemed the match from the common place.

Judged as a whole,the Warrington team is a stronger combination than last year's. The men were not Seen at their best on Saturday and I hope to see an improvement in to-day's play. The introduction of Cook (Birkenhead) and Thomas (Newport) has made a wonderful improvement in the forward ranks. When the forwards have become a little more accustomed to each other and combine better in their play they should compare favourably with the best in the league. At half-back it can hardly be said that either Davies or Edmunds t howed to advantage. Davies was much the better man on the dav's play and served the three-quarters with the ball most unselfishly. Greater things may be expected of him after a little more practice with his new colleagues. Edmunds had an " off" day and did little. Many are longing to see Bob Bate given a trial at half-back with Davies and it is a desire which the committee might certainly gratify for once in a way at any rate. In the three-quarter line Fish gives promise of playing up to his great reputation, With Isherwood as his partner from the commence. ment of the season there is no reason why previous records may not be broken. Both players combined together splendidly and the two tries scored were red.]. beauties. Dickenson put in seine good individual work and gave Brooks a chance on one occasion to get through, but he failed to hold the ball. Hallam made one mistake at the opening of the second half but he may be said to have redeemed himself by kicking a 'goal from a difficult angle.

The Leigh team was beaten by a superior three- quarter line. The forwards were evenly matched, and if anything, the visitors had the advantage at half-back liolyneux being a tower of strength to his side. He had a capable assistant in Hiltdn who filled the vacancy caused by the injury to Burgess. Bennett and Johnson figured the most prominently in the three- quarter line.

For to-day's match at Hull, ilie committee have appointed practically the same team as won the Leigh match. The only alteration is the substitution of Harmer for Walter Swift in the forward panks. The teams are as follows :

Warrington.—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Brooks, threectuarter backs; Edmunds and Davies, half-backs; Boardman, Morrison, F. Swift, Thomas, Naylor, Cook, Harmer and Edmond- son, forwards.

Hull.—Rogers, back; Parry, Morgan, Cook and. Lewis, threequarter backs Hall and Goddard,"half- ;backs ; Lewis, Harrison, Longborn, Fulton, Ellering- ton, Sowerby, Carlisle and Rhodes, forwards.

It will be noted that there are several new names in the Hull team. In the first'place Taylor, the county full back, is an absentee and it can scarcely be ex- pected that Rogers is his equal at full back. In the three-quarter line, Lewis takes Moxon's accustomed place on the win tt. Franks, who played an excellent game at Warrington last year,.is also left off for Hall, a new player hailing from Gloucester. Goddard is also a Gloucester man, so that there will be a Glou- cester pair behind the Hull pack. The long journey of course, tell on the Warrington men but if they

5

put their backs into their work they should be more. than a match for the home team. Warrington have brought back points from Hull on previous occasions and a determined effort is all that is needed to-day to repeat the performance.

The "A" team will play their first match of the season at Wilderspool when St. Helens " will be the visitors. The Warrington team looks a strong ; one,on•paper,.but one can never ten. lam glad- to sea [I that Townson, of Carnforth, is to be given another trial at half-back, and will be partnered by Jordan. • Mahoney, the Cardiff player, will be the centre-three- ; I quarter, and a new player in McHugh, of Altrincham, I will be included amongst the forwards. The spectators I will have a good opportunity of forming .an opinion of how a twelve a side team is likely to operate: The Warrington team is as follows :—Knight, back; Watkins, Mahoney and Trow, three-quarter backs; Tomnson and Jordan, half backs; Fairhurst, Jolley, W. Swift, Forster, Woods and McHugh,forwards.

All who are interested in the encourhgement of good junior (rugby) clubs will be pleased to hear that a meeting has been held of the Secretaries of the local Works Clubs with the object cif forming a works' league in Warrington this season, The Vrarrington Club has promised to provide medals for the winning team. A committee of the following representatives of clubs has been formed: Mr. Phillips (Rylands), Mr. Clegg (drosfield's), Mr. Harper Mersey White Lead), Mr. Darlington (Cable), Mr. Powney (Walker's), Mr. Buck (Naylor's) and Mr. Leigh (Locos.) The clubs mentioned have practically consented to join the league and applications are invited from others. Another meeting is to be held on the 22ad inst. and I hope the committee will then be able to form a league and get to work without delay.

It will be seen from theproceedings of the Lancashire County Union Committee that the Wilderpool enclosure is to be the venue of the County trial match on October 12th. After the match a team will be picked from the possibles and probables, to represent the Red rose in the match with Cheshire on October 28th at Broughton.

I have received a copy of Hr. Frank Sugg's football annual which is full of interesting information more particularly for the lovers of the Association code. There are several admirable photographs of football teams and well-known players, and the booklet, which contains the principal fixtures for the season is a' capital-pennyworth.

The Athletic News Football Annual is also to hand and is quite equal to its predecessors. The Guide contains the results of last season, and all the official fixtures of various Leagues for the campaign about to commence, lists of international players, the new laws of the Association game, and much more valuable information. The secretaries' directory will be found more extensive than ever.

Cricket. After to-day's match at Ashton-under-Lyne the Warrington eleven will put up the shutters until the dawn of the 1904 season. They seem likely to end the season as they commenced it—in fine. style. Last • Saturday a signal victory was gained over the Sefton contingent, a majority of 29 standing in favour of the Warringtonians at the close. Warrington had first turn at the wickets and compiled 67, Lynes, the popular professional, heading the list with al. B. Silcock was responsible for 13 (not out) and W. H. Podmore scored 11.

L3rnes rendered yeoman service for Warrington and it was mainly dne to his splendid bowling that the Seftonians were dismissed for 38. He captured 6 wickets for 21 runs and dismissed three batsmen in. ,one over. A noteworthy coincidence is that Sefton ran up exactly the same total in the first match this

===== 0002601_19030912_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
season.

The second eleven suffered a severe defeat, the Sefton second team triumOing to the extent of 84. J. S. Stubbs (44), batted in graiid style for the winners R. Connor (19) being the top scorer for Warrington.

:Angling. On Saturday last the juvenile- contest in connection with the Warrington Anglers' Association was fished at London Bridge. The entry was a. record, 54, and the prizes exceptionally gooa. After the usual two hours the prizes were awarded for, weights which. would have been useful at Worsley. Prize winners are Masters J. W. Keen 111 oz., D. Clare, 9az , Q. Hackney 71-oz., S. Carvbell 610 z., A. Gilbert 410 z., F. Jackson and J. Ditchfield 40z., followed by E. Potter, A. Stretford, W. Wright, and J. D. Wood. To-day the Association challenge shield will be fished for at London Bridge. The number of teams entered. will be close tioln thirty, and the contest is sure to be a keen one. The weights in this competition will be interesting after the small totals in the shield com- petition in the same canal at Worsley on.the sth.

• The Latchford Excelsior Angling Society are due.at Vale Royal this week-end to fish a match. Last week- 'end the Shakespeare Society fished at Acton Bridge, and prizes were won by Messrs. S. R. Lodge, E. Lawton. J. Riley, J. Lawton, A. Shaw, P. Rooke, and W. Dykes. Their Lymm and other waters are at the present tim.9 fishing a little better thanNpreviously this season.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL TRADING The Proposed Investigation. MEETING OF THE -COMMISSIONERS.

Last week we announced that Messrs T. Birchall,J.P A. J. Jolley and L. G-reening—three gentlemen appoin- ted:by therouncil to act as Commissioners at the forth coming inquiry—had intimated to the Mayor their willingness to act in that capacity. Early this Week, the non-trading • committee notified the appoint- ment of their three commissioners to the Mayor. The three gentlemen selected are: .Mr. Norbury Williams, Mr. J: Pemberton and Mr. A. Horrocks. A preliminary meeting of the Commisioners was held at the Town Hall on Thursday.% All the Coin- missioners were present. It was decided that the first sitting should be held on Wednesday next at the Town Hall, commencing at eleven o'clock. An advertise- ment to this effect ,appears in another column. Any person wishing to give evidence or supply information in resp:,‘ct of any trading transactions of the Corpora- tion between April Ist, 1890, and March 31st; 1903, should send a request in a sealed envelope addressed to the Commissioners at the Town Hall. We under- stand that the Commissioners intend to sit three days in each subsequent week until they have completed their investigations. The inquiry will, of course, be conducted in private. A shorthand writer will be present and take a verhitim note.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WRITER OF OUR NEXT "SPECIAL."

Mr. Corrie Grant. M.P., who will write our special article next week, is the son of a Suffolk gentleman who suffered imprisonment rather than pay the obnoxious Church rate. He was educated at the City of London School, and was called to the Bar in 1877.

In July, 1895, Mr. Grant undertook on behalf of the Liberal party one of the last fights under the old corrupt system of Parliamentary voting. This was a by-election opposing the return of Lord Rindolph Churchill for Woodstock after his appointmcmt as Secretary of State for India. It took place a month or two before the Reform Act came into force at the General Eleation of that year, but WoOdstock maintained the old tradition and returned Lord Randolph again. Less than 1,000 polled! So good a candidate did Mr. Grant prove that in 1892 the Liberals of West Birmingham adopted him as their candidate to oppose Mr. Chamberlain. Mr. Chamberlain returned the compliment by going out of his way to visit Rugby and speak against Mr. Grant during the Khaki Election of 1900. This, hOwever, did not prevent Air. Grant ousting the Tory and transferring the seat to the Liberal side. _ _

In London our contributor is-exceedingly well-known for his 'excellent work in fighting the reactionary clerical party on the London School Bo3rd. In this he has received splendid support from his wife, who was a Newnham girl, and is an able speaker ; she herself has held a seat on the Chiswick School Board. Mr. Grant has always been a staunch support& of the School Board system, and is known to sympathie very strongly with the Nonconformists in their hostility to the present Education Act.

Fire in the Market-Place. At about eight o'clock on Wednesday night the Fire Brigade was summoned to the Market Place. It appears that Mr. F. W. MerryweatheK's stall of general drapery was illuminated by means of a paraffin lam.p suspended on a rope. The rope broke and the lamp fell:on to the stall igniting the articles. Superinten- dent Turner and a number of firemen turned out with the reel. Water was obtained from a hydramt, an& the flames wgre soon extinguished.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

- It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly oeneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, I injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the ',same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. i Now the great need of the age s some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the prevalent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the needs of the mer- chant and the workman, the professional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a preparation a contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken With impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give rerief, and we may say further, that it has proved permanently beneficial, when other pre- parations at best only gave temporary- relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side Giddiness, Loss of Appe- tite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleep- lessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness either after an illness, long oonfinement to ill-ventilated rooms or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts as the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold verywhere in bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, but would any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the proprietors will forward same for the above prices. carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, "Gwilym Evans," on Label,Stamp, and Bottle Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

TRAM PASSENGER'S DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT,

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday. Isaac Smith, 48, Plumpton-street, was summoned for having made use of obscene language on a tramcar on Saturday August 29th.—Mr. Stanley Wilson prosecuted on behalf of the Corporation and said the defendant boarded the 9.10 p.m. car forSlnkey:Briciges at the Post Office. All the seats were occupied and defendant stood up. When the car reached Braznhall-street he fell on to the knees of a lady passenger. The checker thereupon told him to take hold of the straps in the car. Defendant then turned round and made use of most obscene and offensive language, and followed the checker to the back of the car. The conductor stopped the car and defend- ant then got hold of him by the arm and pushed him off Ihe car and afterwards tried to butt him in the face. In Consequence of his disgraceful conduct the car was delayed for three minutes.—Mr. Monks: Is it the practice of the conductors to allow men to stand inside the car ?—Mr. Wilson: It is done.—Checker Doran and conductor Baxendale bore out Mr. Wilson's statement, and Smith, who made his 23rd appearance, was fined 20s.

A TERROR TO PUBLICANS.

James Hopkins, who is well known, to the police appeared before the magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Winwick-street, on Monday evening, also with assaulting John Berry, landlord of the Central Hotel, and with damaging, to the amount of 17s. 6d., a copper kettle, a shirt, and a watch and chain belonging to .Mr. Berry.—Prosecutor stated that at ten minutes to eight on Monday night prisoner went into the Central Hotel, drunk. Cie was requested to leave several times, but refused, and eventually witness ejected him. Ten minutes later prisoner returned and threw a piece of slate at witness, which just missed his face. It however struck a copper kettle and damaged it to the extent of 7s. 6d. He (prosecutor jumped over the bar, and there was a struggle between him and the prisoner, during which witness had his watch chain broken and his shirt torn. Prisoner said he would "swing" for him. A hostile crowd tried to rescue the prisoner.—P.C. Chrimes stated that on the way to the Police Station Hopkins said: "I will do for him yet, if I have to go to the gallows for it."—The Chief Constable said this was prisoner's 30th appear- ance, his last conviction being in March, when he had three months' imprisonment for assaulting the police. He was an habitual station loafer, and he and his brother were terrors to publicans. If a publican would not serve them it was almost certain that he would be assaulted sooner or later. They were desperate characters.—The Bench sentenced prisoner to three months' hard labour.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY—Before Mr. F. Monks(in the chair),Councillor Thornton, and Messrs. T. Birchall, J. W. Hayward and S: Wright. ,

WARNING TO FISH DEALEns.—James McNally, 99, Bewsey read was summoned under Section 13 of the Markets and Fairs Clauses Act. 1847. for having exposed fish for sale in Crosfleld street without having paid the toll.—Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy town clerk,prosecuted and said that McNally had that morning expressed his regret for his conduct, and promised to take; out the necessary license at once. He, therefore asked for the case to be dismissed on payment of costs. At the same time it was thought proper to bring the case, forward as a warning to others,who seemed to be of opinion that the tolls levied under the Act of 1854 could not be en- forced. He wished to make it known that if there were any other cases of the same kind he would press for the full penalty of 40s.—The case was accordingly dismissed on payment of the costs (3s 6d). DISORDER.—For making loud and unseemly noises in Smith street, Ellen Griffin, Smith street, was fined ss. MARGARET OAKES AGAIN.,-,—Margaret Oakes,Crossley street, who has made 29 appearances before the court was fined ss. for making use of obscene language.

URSD AY.—Be fore Messrs James Hepherd(in the chair)

and R. T. Fairclough. TnEFT FROM THE MARKET.—Mary Davenport, Ker- foot street, was charged with having stolen from the stall of Thomas Lee in the Market place on Wednesday a piece of blouse material, of the value of 3s 6d.—She pleaded guilty.—The Constable said that scarcely a market day occurred but that in spite of the punishment inflicted by the Bench,there was a robbery On Wednesday afternoon Mrs. Rylatt wife of P. C. Rylatt, was in the Market place, near the stall of Mr. Lee, and saw the prisoner hanging about in a suspicions manner. She then saw her draw a piece of blouse material towards her, and when she thought she was unobserved she put it under her shawl and walked away. Mrs Rylatt In- formed Mr. Lee, who followed the woman and gave her in charge of P. C. Clough, who was on plain clothes duty. Prisoner who had only been before the court once previously for assault, was fined lOs and costs. The Chairman said the Bench were determined to put a stop to these robberies.

MORE EFFICACIOUS THAN THE BLACK LlST.—Alp- holism Cullen, who made his 19th appearance, was diarged with having been drunk and disorderly in Rose and Crown-street.—P.C. Edwards proved the case—The Chief Constable stated that Cullen made his 4th appear- ance within twelve months, and if he would consent to be so dealt with he could be put on the black list.—Mr, Ilepherd (ironically): It has been such a success in Warrington.—The Chief oonstable : In the sense you mean it has been a success all over the country. it costs a lot of money and is no use whatever.—Cullen was ordered to find two sureties of 15 for him to be .of good behaviour for six months, or go to gaol for three months in default.—rhe Chief Constable said this course was much more efficacious that the black list and was iotas costly. DRUNK WITH £46 IN HIS POSSESSION.—CaIeb Spruce, Kingswood, Prodsham, was charged with having been drunk whilst in charge of a horse and cart in Bridge- street on Wednesday afternoon.—P.C. Muskett stated that he saw the prisoner driving in a zig-zag fashion *long Bridge-street. He stopped him and asked him

Your Grocer

The highest thing yet done in business is Fels - Naptha : your money back if you ask for it, even though you have used the soap— indeed, if you haven't used it, yau don't return it.

gels-Naptha 39 Wilson stre.t

to get out of the cart. When he tried to stand up he almost fell out. He was taken to the Police Station and locked ,up. He had £46 7s. 3d. in his possession., Evidence having been given by Inspector Taylor and P.C. Hewitt, a fine of 10s. and costs was imposed. , FRlDAY.—Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Alder- man Smethurst, Counoillors John Roberts and Thorn- ton, and Mr. Hepherd. DRUNK IN CHARGE.—John Turner, Knutsford-road, was charged with being drunk in charge of a horse and cart in Mersey-street on Thursday.—P.C. Hamblett proved the case, and prisoner, who made his first appear- ance, was fined ss. WANTED TO BE LOCKED UP.—Henry Newman, a stranger, was charged with wilfully breaking a plate glass window at the shop of Mr. Samuel George Davey, provision dealer, Buttermarket, street doing damage to the amount of £s.—P.C.Turner said that shortly before midnight he saw pris otter coming up Buttermarket-s treat. When witness approached prisoner threw part of a brick at the window of Mr. Davey's shop. Witness asked him what he did it for and he said he had walked from Macclesfield and was very tired. He had nowhere to go and wanted to be locked up.—Prisoner now said he was -extremely sorry. He did not know what he was doing at the time.—The Chief Constable said that when a man broke a window like that at midnight, there had been sufficient robberies committed in that way to make the police suspicious that the object in breaking the window was not to get locked up.—Prisoner was sentenced to two months' hard labour.

CHURCH WINDOWS BROKF.N.—TWO small boys named John Jackson, junior, 17 Beswick street, and William Taylor, 18, Beswick street were summoned for breaking a window of St. Luke's Church on September ist.—They pleaded not guilty—Arthur Jones 70, Plumpton street, stated that he saw Jackson throw a stone which struck the wall uear one of the church windows. Jackson then sat down while Tailor threw four stones and one of them smashed the window. This form.of damage had been going on for a considerable time and the clergyman in charge of St. Luke's had written several letters to the Chief Constable complain- , ing about it. In consequence a watch had been kept on the Church by the police.—Mr.lWilliam Jackson,church- warden of St. Luke's Church, spoke to the great amount of damage done by stone-throwing.—The Chief Con- stable remarked that one of the wardens at the Parish Church recently handed him eleven bullets which had been taken from inside one of the stained windows. , They had been shot there with catapults.—The magis- trates fined each defendant 55., and ordered I that if the money was not paid the boys should be kept in the .cells until to-nfght.--Thomas Scarisbrick, a boy residing at 38, Dalton Bank, was summoned fox breaking the glass of a lamp at Fairfield hall on July 30th—Evidencehaving been given by William Ashley, 21, Manchester-road, the Beach made an order for the payment of the damage and costs (6s. 6d.) ASSAULT.—Thomas Ireland, Tanner's-lane, was fined 10s. for assaulting Ellen Towey, 18, Turner-street, by butting.har in the face. WIFE DESERTION.—John Clarke, 9, Water-street, was summoned for deserting his wife, Mary Ann Clarke, 10, Stamford-street.—Complainant said defendant left her on SaturdayZ,morning and had not been home since. A piece of dry bread was the only food in the house.—The magistrates granted a. separation order with Bs. per week alimony. DOMESTIC UNHAPPINESS.—James Stirrup, Admiral- street, was summoned for persistent cruelty to his wife, Mary Agnes Stirrup.—Mr. Crompton appeared for the complainant and said defendant spent most of his money on drink, the consequence being that his wife had had to work to maintain herself. Defendant was recently fined for assaulting her.—A separation order with an allowance of Bs. per week was granted.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

TUESDAY.—Before Messrs. W. Long (presiding), Henry Nield, and Roger Parr. ASSAULT AT GRAPPENHALL.—John Burns and Elizabeth Burns,Canal-side,Grappenhall,were summoned for assaulting a farm labourer named JohnCragban.—Mr. Crompton represented the complainant and stated that Craghan was going on a message for his master when he was met by three men and a woman. One of the men said that Craghan had set his brother against him, and he would have to fight. Craghan said he would not, whereupon two of the men held his arms while the first man and the woman struck him in the face. He was pulled on to the ground and kicked on the shoulder, and in consequence he could not follow his employment properly for some days afterwards.—Burns denied that he challenged complainant and said the latter had been "saying things about him."—A witness named McDonald stated that complainant asked Burns to have a fight and Mrs. Burns and witness only tried to separate them.— The defendants were bound over to keep the peace for six months.

FORMER GAMEKEEPER FlNED.—Samuel Maddocks, Greenhill's-common, Lower Whitley, was charged with trespassing in search of game on land at Lower Whitley. He pleaded guilty.—Mr. Draper (Messrs. R. Davies and Co.), solicitor, prosecuted, and said that an under- keeper of Sir Gilbert Greenall's,named Edward Beckett, was on duty at Crow's Nest Wood, Lower Whitley, of which Sir Gilbert was the owner, and had the sporting rights of, on August 20th, and saw six snares set. He concealed himself behind a bush and shortly afterwards saw the defendant come out of his house, walk along the footpath to the wood, and then go to the snares. As there was nothing in them he put them in his pocket. The keeper then told him he would "have him up." The snares were set 200 yards from the footpatt, and 200 yards from the roadway on the other side.— Defendant said he was an old gamekeeper and was 73 years of age. He had never been summoned before. He had served as gamekeeper under Lord Delamere.—A fine of ss. and costs was imposed, the advocate's fee being allowed. GAMBLERS WATCHED THROUGH FIELD GLASSES.— Thomas Rustage, Ernest Harper, Frank Webster,Thomas Birchall, Colin Bennett,George Knight, Stanley Starkey (all of Stockton Heath), Ernest Miller and Ernest Stannard (of Warrington), all youths, were summoned for gaming with cards at Appleton. on August 9th.— Defendants all denied that they played for money.— P.C. Williams said that at seven o'clock on the Sunday in question he and Acting-Sergeant Bowyer saw the whole of the defendants playing cards on Broomfields footpath. They watched them through a pair of field glasses and saw what they took to be money pass between them. When they made a rush for the defend- ants they heard the sound of money.—Defendants were fined 2s. 6d. each.

MINOR CASES--Samuel Floy, Warrington, was fined ss. for not having a lighted lamp attached to his lurry at 9.45 p.m. on August 14th.—For having been drunk and disorderly on August Bth, John Dover, Walton, was ordered to pay ss.—A similar fine was imposed upon James Johnson, Lord Nelson-street, Warrington, for allowing a cing to be at large without a muzzle at Walton.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.

Mr. William Ginger. of Quenon-street, near New- port, Essex, had suffered very severely and, as he is now quite well, his friends are inclined to believe that the remedy that he used is an effective one. Mr. Ginger's trouble started with Influenza about two years ago. He had it so bad that he was in bed under the doctor's care for A fortnight. He got up and took a Chill and had to go back to bed, this time with Rheu- matic Fever. He tells his further experience in these words

"I was then taken to the hospital and for twenty- one weeks I was unable to do a stroke of work. I did get back and for some months kept going, but when the winter came I was knocked over once more. All the old pains came back worse than ever and I was afraid I would have to go into hospital again. "Just at this time my wife read of some had cases of Rheumatism that had been cured by Dodd's Kidney Pills and I began to take them Improvement came slowly at first but I kept on till now I am as free from pain as I ever was. "Dodd's Kidney Pills are a genuine remedy and I know they will cure Rheumatism."

===== 0002601_19030912_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Singular Railway Mishap.

About six o'clock on Tuesday evening a coal train going from Earlestown to Holyhead with coal for shipping purposes, struck the points at Earlestown Junction, the engine and several waggons getting off the road. A light engine from Manchester running in the same direction ran foul of the derailed train, with the result that they became blocked. The consequence was that the main line between Manchester and War- rington was entirely blocked for about an hour, when one of the lines was opened up for traffic. A great delay ensued, trains for Manchester and Chester having to be worked thmugh Earlestown Station, and back again on the single line.. The traffic between. Liverpool and Manchester was also considerably inter- fered with. The permanent way was damaged to some extent, and it was not until about midnight that the traffic could be dealt with in anything like a normal way. A large number of men were busily engaged. No one was injured.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
The ExamineT, Saturday, September 12 1903.

A WARRINGTON BOY'S SAD DEATH.

Drowned While Catching a Frog.

On Sunday afternoon the body of the boy Joseph Hatton, nine years of age, who was drowned in Sankey Brook last Thursday, was recovered from the brook by William Byfield of Runcorn. The sad circumstances attending his death were related at the inquest which was held at the Police Station on Monday by Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner. Alice Hatton, mother of the deceased, who resides at 101, Plumpton-street, said she last saw deceased alive at one o'clock on Thursday- afternoon when he left home to go to play. Later in the afternoon she heard that he had fallen into Sankey Brook and been drowned. Grappling orations were at once commenced but the body was not recovered until Sunday. James Scott, nine years of age, who lives at 212, Liverpool-road, stated that on Thursday he had a half- holiday from school and he and deoeased went to play by Sankey Brook. Whilst in the act of catching a frog deceased fell into the water. Witness went into the brook and tried to reach him but he coed not and deceased went out of sight. The Coroner said he understood there was a great deal of water in the brook and it was running very swiftly. Detective Barlow said the boy Scott went up to his neck in thejwater when he tried to rescue the deceased. William Byfield, general labourer, 13, Thomas-street, Runcorn, said that on Sunday morning he received information that a boy had been drowned in Sankey Brook. He obtained special grappling appliances and proceeded there and recovered the body of the deceased I at 5.10.

The Coroner inquired how it was that witness came to recover the body. . .

Witness said he ;vas the captain of the Runcorn and District Grappling Corps—anumber of workingmen who had purchased a special complete set of grappling appli- ances and recovered the bodies of persons who had been drowned. The only remuneration they received was the allowances sometimes given by., Coroners for the recovery of bodies. He handed the Coroner a circular asking for contributions to enable the Corps to pur- chase a grappling boat which would be moored in the river at Runcorn Bridge so that the corps could at once render assistance when it was required. Four men came to Warrington to grapple for deceased's body. They paid their own expenses. The Coroner promised a sulpoription of 10s. 6d. to- wards the new boat and said he would consult with Detective Barlow with a view to raising a contribution of, /25 in Warrington. A verdict of "Accidentally drowned "was returned. THE CORONER AND THE GRAPPLING CORPS. SUBSCRIPTION LIST OPENED.

The Chief Constable has received a letter from Mr. Brighouse calling his attention to the work of the Runcorn Grappling Corps. "From all I could glean at the inquest" says Mr. Brighouse "this corps ts well deserving of support. It seems the corps is com- posed of volunteers who, witihout any practical hope of reward go into the neighbourhood of Runcorn—and it includes Warrington—with the object of recovering bodies that have been drowned. I need scarcely tell you that when a person is drowned the relatives are always most anxious to have the body recovered and to give it a decent inter- ment, and in the case of the inquest I held four members of the corps came over from Runcorn at their own expense, and dragged the brook in which the body was supposed to be, and although grappling operations had been carried on by others, these members of the corps succeeded after some hours in recovering the,body, to, I should think, the satisfaction of the parents. I promised to ' subscribe 10s. 6d., and as the wants of the corps are not • very great, I thought perhaps with assistance,the good people of Warrington might subscribe. I gathered from Mr. Byfield that if £5 was subscribed in Warrington the corps would be very much obliged, and it would go a long way towards the _purchase of the police grappling boat which, I under- stand,will cost about £l2. Should you,with the assistance of your officers, open a list, I think this amount could easily he collected in Warrington and Warrington would receive benefit from the money subscribed as the corps would always be ready to go from Runcorn to Warring- ton on the river to attempt to recover bodies which have been lost." • We understand that the Chief Constable has decided to open a subscription listand will be pleased to receive donations.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. . Re-Opening Services After Renovation.

The Cost of the Scheme.

Re-opening services were held on Monday at St. Paul's Wesleyan Church, Runcorn. For some months the church has been closed; extensive alterations have been effected, the whole building has been re-decorated, and the organ has been thoroughly overhauled and decorated in harmony with the new colour scheme. The first service was held in the afternoon, and was well attended. The service opened with the singing of the hymn "All people that on earth do dwell." The Rev. W. T.Coppin offered prayer and read a portion of scrip- ture. He afterwards explained the present position of the extension scheme fund. According to the com- pleted scheme they had expended £5,000. Into the circuit scheme had been put the cost of the reconstruc- tion of the roof of the church. That amounted to £2,2so.Towards the £5,000 they had raised and had in hand £2,335. Roughly speaking, they wanted about £2,600 to wipe off the balance standing against the fund. They saw their way towards £5OO by means of the forth- coming Halton bazaar and previsional grants. What they therefore wanted that day was a splendid contri- , button towards the £2,100.

The Rev. W. L. Watkinson ex-president of the con- ference, preaclied an excellent sermon. Some sceptical writers, he 'said, declared that man was altogether a creature of circumstance, a waif and stray on a current he did not understand, and which it was impossible for him to resist. He would tell them that everything in life turned upon the question as to whether they were to be mastered by the blind forces outside, or whether they were to be governed by reason within. Was man a frail canoe urged on by cnrrents he could not resist. and must he to-morrow be toppled over Niagara? Was he captain of himself? Could he be what he ought to be in defiance of outside circumstances? That was the deepest question they had to settle. The position of the Christian Church was that the sovereignty was the sovereignty of the soul, that they were responsible for what they did, and that each of them must give an account of himself unto God. If there was one thing clear in the consciousness of mankind it was that they were masters of their own fate They were responsible for what they did, the kingdom was not outside them, but the ruling force of life—the intelligence, the conscience and the will—was the sovereignty of the soul. Many of them felt they would be really line men if they had not inherited certain impulses, passions and weaknesses horn those who had gone before them. He was not going to deny the doctrine of inheritance. The Christian Church taught it from the beginning, only the old preazhers used to call it original sin. They never heard preachers tow talk about original sin. What did they talk about? Inherited evil. It was exactly the same thing. It was the modern way of expressing an ancient doctrine. They got a great deal from their ancestors which gave them great trouble. They often wished their ancestors had taken with them a good deal that they left. But when they talked about their ancestors they must go far enough back. If they had a clear perception of the doctrine of inheritance they must go all the way back. They must remember that they came from a royal root. The greatest and deepest thing in man was the divinity he saw fashioned in the likeness of an intellectual and righteous God. That was a grand thing to think about. The kingdom of God was within them. Tea was afterwards provided in the Brunswick school- room. The newly-appointed ministers (the Revs. R. Green and W. Jackson) were present, and made the acquaintance of the members of the congregation. Subsequently the enlarged and renovated organ was formally re-opened by An organ recital by Mr. William Cooke, F.R.C.O. The Rev. W. L. Watkinson preached at the evening service.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY.

TRIP.—The members of St. Mary's Church Choir and Sunday school teachers had their annual trip on Satur- day, the destination being Southport. The party numbering 621 included the Vicar, the Rev. J. R. Jones, Mi. H. P. C. White (vicar's warden), and Mr. T. E. Shoobridge (people's warden). They travelled by the Cheshire lines route, leaving Sankey at 9.35 a.m. Upon arrival at Southport the party broke up into various sections, and spent the day as inclination dictated. During the afternoon a substantial dinner was partaken of at Ye old Castle Cafe, Neville-street. The return journey was commenced at 9.5. The weather was all that could have been desired, and a most enjoyable day was spent.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Parochial Mission Women's Fund.

The report for the year ending 30th November, 1902, in connection with the above fund (Holy Trinity, Bank Quay branch) has been issued. It says :—" The work of the mission has been ;carried on as usual and with increasing success so far as the results are apparent. The mission woman has paid 13,353 visits, the largest number ever paid in one year, and the average attend- ance of women at the weeklyimeetings, which in the previous year reached 65, has in the past year been slightly exceeded. The deposits amounted to £240 ss. Bd., which is an increase of about £l6;over the pre- vious year. When the books were closed for the year the members of the mission numbered 355."

===== 0002601_19030912_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Accident. On Tuesday evening, Benjamin Tasker, 41 years of age, residing at 14, Morris-court, was knocked down by a cab, and on being taken to the Infirmary was found to be suffering from a broken arm.

GIVE THEM A TRIAL.—ALF. TAYLOR'S wonder- ful boots for everybody. Warrington P.S.A. Mr. E. Taylor presided at a meeting of this society held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street,on Sunday. Mr. Perry sang The Promise of Life," and "There is a green hill," in excellent style. He was accompanied on the piano by Mr. Wadsworth. Mr. Sherlock gave an interesting address which was thoroughly appreciated.

ASK for CUNNINGRA.M'S HIGH•CLASS MINER. WATERS.—AdVt. Buckley-street P.S.A. A well-attended open meetina of this society was held in the *schoolroom, Buckley-street, cn Sunday under the presidency of Mr. George Colley. The speaker (Mr. Andrew. Scriven) gave an address on Paul and Silas." Mr. John Osborne rendered the solos "A Guiding Light" and "Passing hence," and Mr. Harry Osborne gave a flute solo. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—Adyt,, Successful Local Band. Messrs. Crosfield's band competed at a band con- test in connection with the Corpus Christi Mission, Varley-street, Oldham-road, Manchester, on Saturday, and gained the fifth prize of £2. Mr. E. Smith con- ducted. Sixteen bands competed, and the test piece was Wright's and Round's "Casket of gems."

FOR CLASS mai CHINA of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. The Need for Increased Asylum Accommoda- tion. A complaint having been made by the Medical Officer of the Stockport Union as to the inconvenience arising from want of increased asylum accommodation, the Clerk to the Lancashire Asylums Board has replied that "he is sorry to find there is still great difficulty experienced, in obtaining the admission of acute cases into the asylums of the Board, and that during the year ending December 31st last no fewer than 2,724 new cases were admitted into the asylums, a very large number being taken in consequence of the transfers made from other asylums to Winwick A.sylum."

PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK BEST for BOOTS in LANCASHIRE.—AdVI. Warrington Motorists in Trouble at Rhyl: At Rhyl Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, James Buxton of Warrington, and a visitor to Rhyl, was charged with furiously driving a motor bicycle along High- street, Rhyl, on the eVening of the 3rd just, and William Bayly Isaac, also of Warrington, was sum- moned for a similar offence. P.S. M Walter stated that each defendant was riding a motor bicycle with 8. ,side car attached, in which a lady was seated. High- 'street was full of people at the time, and defendants, speed was from 15 to 20 miles an hour. Several wit- nesses having been called in support of the sergeant's evidence, it was submitted for the defence that de- fendants did not travel at an excessive pace. Buxton said he was certain he did not exceed eight miles an hour. Defendants were each fined £1 and £1 176.5 d. costs.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Resignation of General Hallam Parr. It is officially stated in Chester that Major-General Hallam Parr will shortly resign the command of the North-Eastern District in consequence of ill-health, due to the effects of an old wound. Though he has been at Chester only a little over a year, General Hallam Parr has done much to increase the efficiency of both the Regular and volunteer forces in the exten- sive district under his command. He has, among other things, secured military camping grounds in both the Isle of Man and Delamere Forest. It will be remem- bered that General Hallam Parr visited Warrington to open the Soldiers' Club in Bewsey-road. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warringion.—Advt. A Ferryman Drowned. Mr. Coroner Brighouse held an inquest at the Boat- house Inn, Rixton, on Monday on the body of Samuel Chesworth, thirty-four, a farm labourer,who was found drowned in the Manchester Ship Canal on Sunday last The deceased resided at the Boathouse Inn, and assis- ted in working the ferryboat from the Inn across the river to the Cheshire side. On Sunday night, the 30th ult., about ten o'clock he took two passengers across and when returning he was sculling the boat, and was seen by a boy named Frederick Hankinson to over- balance and fall overboard. The night was dark and very stormy, and it was very probable that the oar either slipped out of the rowlocks or he missed his footing owing to the strong wind. Dragging operations were carried on for days, but the body was ,not re- covered until Sunday. The jury returned a Verdict of "Accidental death. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF I TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrifigton.—Advt. The New Vicar of St. James's, Latchford.

The Rev. R. 4reenall, Rector of Grappenhall, has offered the living of St. James's, Latchford, to the Rev. Harbert B. Firth, M.A., senior curate of the Parish Church of Runcorn, who has intimated his willingness to a'ceept it. Mr. Firth took his BA. degree at Lincoln College, Oxford, in 11393, and then proceeded to Salisbury College. He was ordained deacon in 1894, when he commenced work at Runcorn, and in 1895 he was ordained to the priesthood. He obtained his MA. degree in 1897. ~,„ Croft Flower Show. The 20th annual show in connection with the Croft Horticultural Society was held last week-end. The weather being favourable there was a very good attendance. The exhibits, which were staged in the schoolroom, were neatly and artistically arranged, pre- senting an attractive appearance, and considering the inclement season, were of a very superior class. The cabbages were exceptionally good, and there was a very keen competition in all collections.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—AdVt. Warrington Woman Found Drowned. An inquest was conducted at the Stag Inn, Walton, on Saturday bk Mr. R. Dobson, 'coroner, touching the death of Mary Forrington, wife of a foreman maltster named Colin Forrington, of Kendal, but who, up to last week resided in New-road, Latchford.—The evidence showed that on Saturday night, the 29th nit, deceased and her husband quarrelled and shortly afterwards deceased disappeared. The husband con- cluded that she had gone to stay with some friends and on the following Tuesday he heard that she had been seen in Bridge-street. On Thursday her body was recovered from the Mersey opposite Messrs. Crosfield's works. A witness named Catherine Brown 41, Lower Bank-street, said deceased had told her that if her husband illused her she would "make a hole in the water," and John McCabe, deceased's brother, said that one night, before her marriage, deceased was brought home by policemen who said they had found her at the river side about to commit suicide. —After a long inquir.)l the jury returned an open verdict. You CANNOT DO BETTER! Buy your boots and shoes at ALT. TAYLOR'S. Cheapest and best

town. Rechabites' Picnic. The annual picnic in connection with John Dimond Juvenile branch took place on Saturday, the place selected being Frodsham Hills. About 140 juveniles with their superintendents and friends left Bank Quay station by the 12-30 p.m. train on which corridor coaches had been attached for the party. The morn- ing was anything but promising after the heavy downfall of rain but when the train reached Frodsham the hearts of the children were gladdened by seeing the sun shining in full splendour. Games such as cricket, bowling, rounders, swings and donkey-riding, were heartily indulged in by the youngsters. Tea was provided at 4-30 when full justice was done to the good things provided. After tea, walks were arranged to the caves and Dunsdale Hollow which were much enjoyed. The time for the return journey arrived only too soon and the beautiful evening tempted a number of the older members to stay somewhat longer than had been arranged. Warrington was 'safely reached about 7.45 p.m. which brought to a close one of the most successful picnics in connection with this branch. The whole of the cost of these annual picnics is defrayed from the surplus funds of the branch. I

===== 0002601_19030912_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSIVE RESISTANCE.

Sale of Distrained Goods at Altrincham.

Rev. Stephen Gladstone's Threat.

The sale took place at Altrinchain on Wednesday afternoqn of the goods belonging to the Hale passive resisters against whom the magistrates at Sale granted orders of distraint on the 31st ult. There was a good deal of local interest manilested, owing to the position of the parties, who are well-known residents of the Bowdon district. A local auctioneer, Mr. Walkden, of Market-street, Altrincham, had undertaken to put the goods under the hammer, and for some half-hour before the advertised time his doors were besieged by a crowd of people eager for admission. The little auction-room would hold, at the utmost, some 40 or 50 persons, and when it was found that hardly a tithe of those pre- sent could find standing room, loud protests wereraised. The auctioneer was preparing to submit the first " when the hymn, "0 God, our help in ages past," was started, and the first verse was completed before he could get a hearing. He would allow no singing, he said, and by way of warning, as was supposed, he hinted at the (presence of some eight or nine "professional gentlemen "—meaning policemen—in the building, who would be called on if necessary. The threat, however, was quite needless, as between the police and the passive resisters in this district there is nothing but good feel- ing. The considerateness of the local officials, including the police, in the execution of their delicate duties has been acknowledged repeatedly. The auctioneer's authority to hold the sale was chal- lenged, and, "What about your fees ? ' was asked by several onlookers; but these Interruptions were dis- regarded. A demand was made for his name, but his only response was, "How much for a silver Waltham lever watch?" " Whose is it ?" cried a person in the rear, amid confusion, and shouts of "This sale is illegal; it is not a public auction." "If you want to know," said the auctioneer "the watch is Mr. Manley's."—(Cries of "Hurrah !") Thirty shillings was bid for the watch, and the auctioneer admitted that mall cases as soon as the bidding reached the amonnt required the article would be knocked down. "That's all," said the auctioneer, when he had finished his duties. OPEN-AIR DEMONSTRATION. THE ACT CONDEMNED.

Some hundreds of people proceeded immediately after the sale to the Market Square, where a meeting was heldto protest against the Education Act and express sympathy with those whose goods had been distrained. The gathering was an earnest and orderly one. Public interest in the proceedings seemed to have grown con- siderably during the fortnight which has elapsed since a previous meeting was held in the same place. The Rev. F. C. Lloyd presided, and the Rev. Dr. Townsend, ex-president_of the National Free Church Council, was present, besides several local ministers.

- The Bev. Dr. Clifford sent the .following message : "I congratulate you upon your bold stand. It is a great service; it is a national service ; and it is right. You and your friends must go forward in this warfare. It is a holy war. God Himself is commander. Joyfully we follow, and whether we win or lose, we know we are fighting in a divine cause."—(Cheers). The Rev. P. B. Meyer wrote :—" May the Lord over- rule all this storm for the coming of His kingdom. and the salvation of our country from having the springs of its young life poisoned by priestly influence." Dr.frownsend, who was introduced by Mr. Lloyd as one who by pen and speech had done much to foster the resistance movement, said they had lived to see strange things. -They could not have believed only a short while' ago that Christian men and women would be found selling up their fellow-Christians, and that Protestants would seize and sell the goods of fellow-Protestants,for agate that wasito support a Romanised National Church and infectourchildren with dogmas and practices they abhorred —(Hear hear).Nonconformists had not sought;this battle. (Hear, hear.) They were in no wise responsible for what was taking place. They had never sought a battle in all their religious history.—(Hear, hear.) At the same time they had never shirked one, and, what was more, had never lost one.—(Cheers.) The right would again prevail if they were true to their principles, their history, and their ancestry.—(Hear, hear.) This move- ment had spread through the country like wildfire. In three months 450 leagues had been formed, and a year hence, under more perfect organisation, there would be 800 or more.—(Cheers.) Dr. Townsend stated at length the grounds of passive resistance, dwelling strongly on the aggressiveness of the Anglican priesthood, and de- clared that it was too late in the day for the liberties and rights of Protestant Englishmen to be paltered with. (Cheers.) Mr. Manley proposed the following resolution, which was seconded by the Rev. W. D. Thomas and carried unanimously : 'This meeting records its solemn and emphaVc condemnation of the Education Acts of 1902-3, on the grounds that they grossly violate the sacred principles of justice, freedom of conscience, and religi- ous equality. It congratulates those ladies and gentlemen whose goods have just been sold upon the stand which they have taken; and it rejoices in the marvellous growth of the passive resistance movement and in the great and ever-growing sympathy of the British people both at home and abroad."

Responding to a vote of thanks proposed by Mr. Thomas and seconded by Mr. Frank Spence, Dr. Townsend said that in Wales ten oounty ommcils out of twelve had declared that they would not levy a rate for sectarian schools unless the schools were placed under popular management and control.— (Cheers.) Matters would soon reach a state of dead- lock. The rector of Hawarden' in order to frighten the County Council of Flintshire, had given notice that unless he got the money for his schools by the end of this month he would close them. But there was a counter-movement. Mr. Storey, the Free Church minister in Hawarden had, after consultation with brother ministers, informed the County Council that so soon as the parish schools were closed,their ownschools would be opened to the children, and every possible means would be taken to carry on the work of educa- tion under popular control.—(Cheers.) The Rector might go for a mandamus if he liked. It would not be worth the parchment it was written on. The Council would go to prison rather than submit.—(Hear, hear.) They would then have the edifying spectacle of not Nonconformists only but Churchmen and Tories, marched off to gaol for refusing to carry out theEduca- don Act.—(Laughter and cheers). The Doxology was sung and the meeting broke up. Earlestown Passive Resisters Summoned.

Great interest was centred in the police court pro- ceedings at Newton-le-Willows on Thursday, when six passive resisters were summoned for non-payment of •the education rate. The defendants were the Rev. James Allatt, a venerable figure in Congregational circles, whose pastorate is at Newton-le-VVillows Con- gregational Church; the Rev. George Cooke, pastor at the Earlestown Primitive Methodist Chapel, by whose endeavours the Citizens' Passive Resisters League at Earlestown was founded; Mr. Edward J. George, secretary to Messrs. Richard Evans and Company, Limited, Haydock Collieries; Mr. Rowland King, art printer, Bridge-street, Earlestown ; Mr. George S. King, confectioner, Bridge-street, Earlestown ; and Mr. James Wood, clogger, Queen-street, Earlestown. The unpaid rates were :—Rev. James Allatt, 70., together with costs of application, 3s. 7d,; Rev. G. Gooke,4s.6d. including costs; Mr. George, 3s. 2d. including costs; Mr. Rowland King, Bs. 110. ; Mr. George King, 145.; Mr. James Wood, 14s. lid. All the defendants ad- mitted the rate. Mr. Allatt objected to it On deeply religious grounds; Mr. Cooke because he objected to pay for teaching which he utterly abhorred; Mr. George added no defence; the others had nothing to add. All, however, testified to the courtesy which they had received from the assistant overseer. Mr. Henry -Houghton begged to acknowledge it. Distress warrants were issued in each case. There were originally twelve passive resisters, but six had paid up.

providing a system of religious instruction can only result in presenting what Gladstone called "a moral monster" to those who must perforce regard such attempts as trespassing on the province of the sanctuary. To teach the Bible as literature is, of course, within the province of the State, but for the State to teach it as a religion is at once to conjure the moral monster to many minds. . .

Religion,therefore,as such,whether denominational,un- denominational, or predenominational, the State should leave severely alone. For directly it touches it in- justice is felt by those who profoundly dislike such handling of it. The State, however, should give oppor- tunity—frank, full and free—to every religious body, Christian or otherwise, to teach its tenets to those who desire it, at the expense of the body in question. To me the right seems as elementary as it is obvious. Unhappily, however, Nonconformists as a body appear only to concede this right to Jews,and such as are con- tent with undenominationalism. Other "consciences" who desiderate equal and impartial treatment are looked upon as unreasonable disturbers of the general peace. If to purchase true conditions of peace, which should involve the right of the Church to enter all State schools during school hours to teach Church children the church's faith, the Church of England were to hand over her schools absolutely to the State, there are many Churchmen, like myself, who would gladly make the sacrifice. I trust the Liberals, who will, we hope, soon return to office, will settle the education question on true Liberal lines, and thus remove one great source of contention and strife from our midst."

===== 0002601_19030912_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. F. E. Powell and the Education Difficulty.

Writing to the "Manchester Guardian," the Itev. F. E. Powell, of Sewerby, formerly vicar of St.James's, Warrington, says :—" The letters which have been re- cently appearing in the press afford the profoundest satisfaction to those who long for a just, peaceful, and permanent solution of the eduction problem. Many of us have long seen that this can only be obtained by keeping the provision of the definitely religious entirely separate from the provision of the definitely secular. The various religious bodies should be held responsible for the one, while the State should take over absolute responsibility for the other. All that these religious bodies should request from the State is perfect liberty and equality for each to impart its respective tenets to the children of those parents who desire it for them. And because it is generally recognized by citizens that moral principles should have a distinctly religious basis, the State should make provision for the giving of religious instruction during school hours, otherwise the temptation to both parent and child for the latter to stay away will prove too strong. But here the duty of the State should cease. "It would be better," said Mr. Gladstone, "for the State to limit itself to giving secular instruction— which, of course, is no complete education." Every venture of the State to complete the education by itsel

STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. A DOCTOR'S TESTIMONY.

VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is a scientific remedy, remarkable for its brilliant cures of coughs, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, influenza and children's coughs, far superior to ordinary cough rpixtures, or any of the emulsions. George Knox, M.D., 256, Second Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pa., writes " Veno's Lightning Cough Car e excels in chronic coughs and bronchitis, and is especially safe for children." Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Sold everywhere by chemists and medicine vendors.

_

===== 0002601_19030912_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The Light Railway to Stockton Heath.

The monthly meeting of this authority was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday under the presidency of Mr. S. Woodward. There were also present :—Messrs G. Pilling (vice chairman), J. Mclntyre, T. Baxter, Admiral Jones-Parry, T. Wright, J. B. Chadwick, C. E. Linaker, J. Moseley Williams, A. G. Guest, C. Roylance J. Darlington, J. C. Collier, J. Spruce, J. Mounfleld, E. Clarke, J. Bolshaw, T. Lewis, A. Eaton, G. F. Ashton (clerk), A. E. Hulse (assistant), Dr. Adams (medical officer), J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances),W. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors).

THE SENiERING "OF WESTON.

At a meeting of the Weston Parochial Committee it was decided that Mr. James, of Heywood, be engaged to make preliminary plans for the sewering of the parish and that the clerk confer with him with a view to the scheme being so arranged as to fit in with the works which have to be carried on by the Manchester Ship Canal Company under an agreement. The minutes were approved.

HIGHWAYS COMMITTEE. TJFIE WARRINGTON CORPORATION LIGHT RAILWAY.

Ata;meeting of the Highways and Public Health Com- mittee the Clerk read a letter from the Cheshire County Council stating that that authority could not entertain the District Council's request that all telegraph and telephone poles on the main roads be painted white to a height of eight feet. The Clerk produced plans de- posited by the Warrington Corporation showing the manner in which it was proposed to construct light railway No. 1. It was reported that the Stockton Heath Parish Council were asking the County Council to press the Corpor:tion to provide for inter- lacing lines opposite the church and to alter the posi- tion of certain poles. It was decided to support the Parish Council in their application. The minutes were adopted. The Clerk read the minutes of a special Ilarish Coun- cil meeting on this matter and said that in accordance with the instructions of the Highway Committee he had forwarded the Parish Council's resolution regarding the width of road &c.,—which has already appeared in the "Examiner,"—to the County Council. "A FLAGRANT BREACH OF THE BYLAWS."

Mr. Lieaker moved the adoption of the minutes of the Building Committee. With regard to the plans for the alteration of the premises of Mr. Lloyd, butcher, Church-street, Frodsham, the committee had sanctioned them, but he considered that the committee had per- mitted the most flagrantl breach of the byelaws which had ever come under his notice.

Mr. Mclntyre said he was a member of the Building Committee, but he withdrew rather than support the passing of the plans. Mr. Williams proposed that the matter be referred back to the Frodsham Parochial Committee. He was a member of that body for a number of years and could bearltestimony to the many flagrant breaches of the byelaws. Mr. Diggle, the surveyor for the district, said the back premises were not in accordance with the byelaws, but under the circumstances ho considered that it would be an injustice to the owner not to pass the plans. Mr. Williams said Frodsham had been guilty of trans- gressing the byelaws. It would be very little use having byelaws if they were to set them aside at the will of interested people. . .

It was decided tO reter the matter back to the Frod- sham Parochial Committee, there being only one dis- sentient from the proposition. A member remarked that it seemed peculiar that the surveyor should recommend the passing of the plans if they were not in accordance with the byelaws. The Chairman.said he'presumed Mr. Digglehadpointed out to the committee that the plans were not strictly in accordance with the byelaws, but he recommended under the circumstances that they be passed. Mr. Linaker: We have strained at gnats and now we have swallowed a camel.

The Chairman: We have not swallowed it. (Laughter). The matter then dropped. FRODSHAM AND DELAMERE STATION HIGHWAY.

The Clerk stated that at the last meeting of the High- ways Committee there was a discussion with respect to the proposed taking over of the Frod.ham and Delamere station highway as a main road reparable by the County Couhoil and he was instructed to write to the North- wich Rural Council asking if they would support the Council an in application to that effect. He had received a reply stating that the Northwich Council were willing to appoint a committee to meet a com- mittee of the Runcorn Council on the road in question. The Council appointed a committee as suggested. RE-APPOINTMENT OF THE INSPECTOR OF NUISANCES. On the motion of Mr. Pilling, seconded by Mr. Far- rington, the Council approved the re-appointment of Mr. Flrrington as inspector of nuisances and inspector of canpl boats. STOCKTON HEATH'S REPRESENTATION.

This matter was again introduced by Mr. Pilling who said that some time ago a committee was formed but so little evidence was brought forward that the question was allowed to pass over. The Parochial Committee had again introduced the subject and he moved the re- appointment of the old committee—Messrs. Woodward, Knowles, Stokes,Darlington and Pilling—together with Mr. C. W. Davenport, Mr. J. Mounfleld, and the over- seers of Stockton Heath, to further consider it. This was agreed to. HONORARIUM FOR THE INSPECTOR.

On the motion of Mr. Moseley Williams it was de- cided to grant Mr. Farrington an honorarium of £5 for his services during the small-pox epidemic. HELSBY WATERWORKS.

It was decided to accept the tender of Messrs. Timmins and Sons for the sinking of a well in connec- tion with these works at a cost of £496. THE RATES.

Mr. Wright produced estimates for the overseers' contributions. He reported that the capital for the current half year was £5,079, the probable expenditure would be £3,376, leaving a balance of £1,703. During the next half year, ending Lady Day 1904, the probable expenditure would be ;5,300, and deducting the balance of £1,703, the sum or £3,597 would be required from the overseers. A rate of 5.1 d. in the £on the assessable value of the district would produce £3,630, and it was recommended that a call for £3,s97—being equal to the oall made for the last half year, but an increase of id. In the on the call for the corresponding period last year—be'made upon the overseers. The estimates were approved. THE PAINTING OF TELEGRAPH POLES.

Admiral Jones-Parry said he understood that two years ago the Council decided not to allow telegraph poles to be put up in the district unless they were painted white to a certain height. Some poles had been erected at Appleton but they were yellow.

The Clerk poinfe-d out that it ivas simply decided.to ask the County Council to support them in asking the Telephone Company and Post Office authorities to whiten the poles to a height of 8 feet but the County Council would not agree to it. The Council did not decide that they would not allow poles to be erected unless they were painted. After a short discussion the matter dropped. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. Adams reported that two cases of scarlet fever at Daresbury and Whitley respectively had just been notified. Dr. Carruthers had informed him of an out- break of throat trouble at Preston Brook and the water was suspected as the cause. Dr. Carruthers made application for the water to be analysed and he (Dr. Adams) recommended that that should be done. The Workhouse was now free from chicken pox and the children had returned to school.

The report was adopted. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

THE WEATHER.—The continued wretched weather is playing havoc with the corn and farmers produce in the district. Some of the cornhae been cut for someweeks and in some places it has commenced spritting. Trade is also very slack, just now, and the prospects for winter, are not particularly bright. SUDDEN DEATH.—The village was shocked on Wed- nesday morning, by the news of the painfully sudden death of Al& Joseph Dunabin, who resided at the Lock house, Fiddlers Ferry. Mr. Dunabin has been the Lock- keeper for many years, and rose at 4 a.m.on Wednesday morning for the early tide. On returning to the house he was seized with an epileptic fit, and expired shortly afterwards. He leaves a widow and family with whom great sympathy is felt. Mr. Dunabin was well-known and respected in the village.

Do you know how

to make Porridge ?

Perhaps you do. It is a very simple 'thing. Still, simple as it is, there is a right waY and a wrong way of doing it. The most approved waY

—the way they have in

Scotland, the home of porridge —is, first of all, to put 3 quantity of the very finest oats that can be obtained, which are, of course,

' Provost ' Oats

into a Porringer of boiling water, add a little salt, and boil

for ten minutes, if you can spare / fifteen minutes all the better----it

takes time to bring out the

flavour—the more time you give it, the better you will like your

morning dish.

R. ROBINSON & SONS, ANNAN, N. B.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Baptist Church Golborne-street "In that day there shall be a fountain oPene,,,,id stsl-.f,5 house of David and to the inhabitants of Jere'—/el3o' sin and for uncleanness" was the text of the,e,sie' sermon on Sunday last by the Rev. Herbert mu'io This fountain he said, was wonderful itS 0.62 God's hatred of sin and His love for the souls cot had brought Him down in the person of .I:esdills fot to open it by His death. Another feature 0, ,r:asl),", tam n was that it was always flowing. The ArOCM. 'opt getting worse and worse, as some people sceld us believe, the preacher stated. Christiana), Tool played out, and in spite of whatever Haekel snaos 11$ might say, the fountain opened on CalvarY's th,031. still power to change the hearts of men and se, ";:stati% In this fountain we had also the highest row' opohet t,°' of the love of God, for without Christ our cone of God would be but vague and indefinite. The Ljtd timis asked the attention of his h Christ P". g6l- - to we no gospel, urging that because there were Luau/ sc3cd" the Bible which they could not understand iothistw• reason for their rejection of Christ and of the vd ;116 faith. "If you cannot accept the miraculouspome natural," the preacher stated in conclusion, Acniirtol:o live for the human Christ, and by and by your e will change into worship and you will say Wit" 600 who stood by the cross 'Truly this man was tile , God."

_ Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. if,yesf; Sunday last was the first Sunday in a tiew 1130 i Ile • and a special effort was made to enrol a number obefi members. No fewer than 22 were added to WO: (K,hge ship, which now numbers 497. The presidexi' wo. John Yonge) occupied the chair and in urging ti.Pers :4 members the necessity of assisting the increase the strength and usefulness of the SO' ø0 they needed to become more missionary g 0.5 aggressive. Referring to ,the numbers of you!,°, whom he saw loafing about on Sunday afternoelbotP, apparently nowhere to go, he said the memberoegt,os endeavour to induce them to attend the P.S.A:isepoti and raake them happy. He commended then& &Olio Kingsley's example of being able to say „.'. tle their lives that they had made one art -too a little wiser, a little happier °lr. 0,15,,ee55, better that day.—ln the unavOida9' i"rpss• of Mr. Betts, of Manchester, throat, itclal",os Mr. R. H. Jackson, of Earlestown,delivered t.b-e age inie He pointed out that the great requisite of behris,Phich true men, and the only manly life was the cils "" life. He proceeded to refer to some of thee ess,ceor were to be avoided such as gambling, drunkerli're °hos tousness and impurity of thought and dee4;ovee'itiis come these evils they must seek help and 0' • t 0"y Christ.—Mr. W. H. Wallington was the solois 4,000 baritone voice was heard to great advantege,i.sll4 ef bit/ "The Sands of Time."—Mr. B. Farrar' seoreAL—ti; society, statedl that 80 members werenee.cle",. year'Aeg them to attain the same membership of 155",,•41N10 read a letter from Mr. William Hickman ac,lc,ii-faeM the vote of sympathy with himself and ur F )1° their bereavement.—Mr. Joseph Owen tind also took part in the service. rhavel Workingmen's Mission.— u Anniversary. ,stioo„ The Chapel Anniversary sermons in conne:lby the above place of worship were preacheuhir,llllol4 Henshall on Sunday. His discourses were,,reri structive and were listened to by good c„0,111,1y The choir rendered two anthems very crecu‘3l.vice „ evening service. At the morning ee,,D00010! A. Oakley sang a solo. In the ,70;6„. P' musical servioe was given by the c'„ manner which reflected great credit Atkinson, their conductor. Miss Carrie two solos very sweetly and Master T. Bartee;rbe gave two splendid selections on the violin' otico, Herbert Dunnico presided and gave a ver4 to address. The collections for the day amotult

0441 14' biYebil 00' tti es° bIY viceoll • Irbo , frith, to

11. 000 r se 01 ieb°l, ler A -to ei • a sr Ileci the e o chsrg

I

• 4- t ,

, 1 • • 10. ;441"

===== 0002601_19030912_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Food

THE BRITISH MEDICAL JoVgi°l- - : 11110 " Benger's Food has by its ace- all established a reputation of its °lll.-‘

BENGER'S FOOD call be enjoyed and assimilated whe° other foods disagree. It foons a delicious and highly cream, rich in all the eleinents necessary to maintain vigorous health, but entirely free fronl rough and indigestible Pal' tides which often produce irritation in delicate stornaells. nutritive

Sold in TirsOf oco by Chesnistf, over7Where.

b J. 1 11. ; a, 4 J. i

F. IteN br.

Jc A. I Q J. c A. (

===== 0002601_19030912_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

_ -- WARRINGTON V. SEFTON.—Warrington gained a hand- -8 °llle victory at Sefton on Saturday. Score : , WARRINGTON. SEFTON. -nes b Grewcock 2l F.Parringtonb Thewlis 3 '• Balawtin hit wkt b F. P.Thornhill run out 2 ThOrewcock ITvill 4 D.N. Gilmore a Briggs lit P. oßdim.t:ancerThorn- b Thewlis l5 b 11 A. H. Boswell b Lynes 3 "If. ~.. Bibby b Kitcheaer 5 H. Blease run out ... .. 2 , ailcock not out l3 Kitchener b Lynes 7 J• A. Briggs b Kitchener OF. Edwards b Lynes 0. Callon a Thornhill b H. A. Thomas b Lynes 0 , Grewcock •no: Thewlis run out 0 Grewcock b Lynes 0 Wright c Kitchener b A. W. Brock not out 0 0 Grewcock 0 • Hanipson st Brock b , Grewcock • 2 • Denton b Kitchener 1 _

1 Extras Extras

Total 67 Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRThiGTON. SEFTON. 0. M. R. W. •0. M. R. W. Ritchener ... 21.1 833 4 Lynes arewcock ... 21 8 33 5 Thewlis 11'4 5 16 2

r•WARRIN. GTON v. SEFTON (2ND ELEVENS).—At War- Ington on Saturday. Score:— D. , WARRINGTON. SEFTON. ir ‘-'ollnor not out l9 R. E. Blake b Plinston 10 'e,Richardson bH. L J. S. Stubbs c Thomp- , ~.0 Wen 1 son b Plinston 4l • Wood c Truswell b A. F.Truswellb Woods 1 Th ~ Beckett 0 T. Parrington b Thomp- 4. b --"11)son c Barker b SOD 26 T kett l5 F. L. Owen o Bennett • Allen Lc F. Owen b H b Thompson 35 , . o 2 . Harrison c Thompson '".llier vv„ pota' t b Beckett lO b Woods br.. Plinston b Barker ... 7 T. Armistead c Woods Z, gind b Beckett 0 b Plinston 1 o.4P,l.ennett run out t'• unYesb Beckett 4m:donne c Harrison 1) F. L. Beckett b Thomp- Barker ......... . H. S. Barker b Thomp- _

' son 0 Extras ............ 0 Extras

Total ......... 55 Total 139 ' to Fro AvdsEttr„,All v. PRoDsHAm.—Weaverham journeyed Saturday, with a scratch team, and ed another victory to their list. Score : PRODSHAM. WEAVERHAM. ItP. J. Cross b 'Johnson 12 W. Johnson b Wright 10 t, Wright bW. Johnso 4 F. Moreton not out 34 ev* T. v. Gamier b All. W. Horton lbw b W y8.e..1.b.1y. .............. 3 . 00 w LlCatley ~., ... ................ 2 Wright 7,B:Ca..l'Tt:lej3: not out 34 A. E. Catley c Cragg b "Ise 0 Colli b Coppock., 11 Goat c Wood erd 13 JW d ard st Kinsey b Wright Catle war A J Johnson b Wright 0 ................ ... .. .. Jos. leer e and bP. W. Bostock o Gamier 0 Ii Johnson Wright ,•.,.. u o Catley ',- tcntecottc Gillgrass b 6 J. Collier c Spencer b 2 Cragg 0 S. Gillgrass c Gorst b d_.C4(Ctley A gg b Catley ' sou "PPock cb P. John- J. Portman st Kinsey b 2 0 Wright P. Johnson st Kinsey b Wright Extras

I T0ta1..., 63

Total BO

===== 0002601_19030912_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
A USEFUL LITTLE PUBLICATION.

The Book of Fish Sauces.

sending a id. stamp to Brown & Poison, Dept. RIO, isley, a new booklet entitled. "Simple Fish and egetable Sauces," can be obtained. It contains "cA Ipes for making White Fish Sauce, Oyster Sauce, V:4chovy Sauce, Hollandaise Sauce, Caper Sance,Cardinal „lance, Shrimp Sauce, and numerous other delicious Fish ,a.unes---ever 30 valuable recipes in all. It is a book that ought to be in every household, forming, as it does, a reliable guide to improved dishes. It has been com- piled by the well-known Cookery expert, Ch. Herman 6enn, and includes also a list of useful recipes for Vege- table Sauces and valuable hints on vegetable cooking. Mr. Senn says, "I have succeeded in producing by thp aid of Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour, sauces Which are superior in appearance, consistency and flavour to those made with ordinary flour." All the recipes are cheap, easy and practicable.

S MARK'S CHURCH.—PRESENTATION TO THE REV. B. WEBSTER. iwAlderman J. C. Gamble, churchwarden, presided on °nday night at a large gathering held in the Parish- .l)nell of St. Mark's Church, when an illuminated address a cheque for £237 werejpresented to the Rev. B. ebster, curate, to enable him to go into residence at killtbatai University and obtain the degree of B.A. The (ernes stated that "the &embers of the congregation Mark's Church, St. Helens, and a the various geieties connected therewith, the residents of St. Mark's 111:11,811, and some friends, desire to place on record their tet aPPreciati on of the valuable services rendered by you 44.tte parish while acting as curate of the above church ili,Lng the past four years, and particularly during the vr"B ad since the death of the late deeply-lamented loevtlr. the Rev. G. Lakeman' B.D. The earnestness and ,144fg „aYmpathy with which you have so well and tle.ve`tn,Y fulfilled the responsible duties of your office this endeared you to all of us. In presenting you with .1%.e etesthnonial and the accompanying cheque for £237, olrp liraelPrnas the hope that your future career may be a Alierous and hap iv on behalf of the thnarned, J. C. AMBLE, WILLIAM JOHNSON COOK, `cnivardens of St. Mark's Church, St. Helens, Kelliher, 1903."

===== 0002601_19030912_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The " Handy-Man " Appointment.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held on Wednesday morning. Mr. A. Brookes pre- sided and there were also present :—Mrs. Clay, Dr. Patterson, Dr. Murray, Messrs. G. Pilling, A. J. Jolley, T. H. Ashcroft, A. Jolley, J. Clarke, William Houghton, Turton, J. Billinge, E.L. Bent, Robinson, G. Mather, T. Ritchie, with J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assist- ant clerk), J. F. Awbery (workhouse master) and A. Wright (superintendent Padgate schools). "THE APPOINTMENT OF A HANDY MAN." __

The minutes of the interim meeting of the Guardians were read bylthe Clerk. These had reference to the scheme reported in the " Examiner " of a fortnight ago, to ease the present congested state of the House, and to make provision for a probable increase of ,iindbor poor in the winter. The means suggested are : Internal andexternal renovation of the old hospital—closure of back entrances thereto, fitting up partitions for effec- tive separation of sexes, connection of electric light. application of water suppiy te baths, lavatories, &c., and without material structural disturbance to make the buildings suitable for accommodation of inmates. Efficient indoor administration is to be provided by practicable changes in the duties of nurses and laundress, except that for the male side an additional male servant is required. The committee decided it to be prac tic able to connect with the duties of the new officer, upon the appointment of a suitable man, sundry painting, plumbing and corresponding work so often required to be done, and such a man had been recommended to them. In view of the need for avoiding delay the appointment if Samuel Birkett of the Southwell Union Workhouse, was sanctioned by the Board at the interim meeting, the remuneration fixed being £25 per annum and the usual emoluments.

Mr. ASHCROFT rose to question the appointment of the "handy man." The CHAIRMAN: You cannot re-open the question. Mr. AsHcßoyr : The reason I ask— The CHAIRMAN: Do you contest the correctness of the minutes?

Mr. AsucßoFT : I protest against the appointment being included in the minutes. The CHAIRMAN: The only question is,are the minutes a correct record.

Mr. Asncitorr : It says the appointment was made of Samuel Birkett of the Southwell Union Workhouse, plumber. Is he a plumber? Mr. PILLING: No; he is a screw driver. (Laughter.) Mr. ASHCROFT : Ile is described on the minutes a.s.a plumber. (Laughter.) _ _

- The CLEthc : -He is not described on the minutes as a plumber. Although he may be so described on the agenda it does not infer that he is described in the minutes as a plumber. _ _ _

The minutes were then passed,and the matter dropped. •

PADGATE SCHOOL APPOINTMENTS.

_ The Padgate Schools Committee recommended and it was agreed to that Mr. W. A. G. Coleman, of Leeds, be appointed master's clerk at a salary of £l5 a year with board, lodgings, &c. Miss Poster, formerly of Crumpsall Workhouse, Man- chester was appointed foster mother of No. 3 home, at a salary of £2O with board, lodgings, &c. Three candi- dates appeared before the Board.

A. DEPUTATION To BLACKPOOL. On the proposition of the CHAIRMAN it was resolved that the Chairman, Vice-Chairman, and Mr. Ashcroft, with the Clerk, attend the 29th annual North-Western Poor Law Conference, to be held at Blackpool,upon the 25th and 26th days of September instant, as representa- tives of the Board. THE AMBER OF PAUPERS IN THE UNION. The CLERK, in accordance with a request of the Local Government Board submitted a statement showing the number of paupers chargeable to the Union on the Ist September 1903, both indoor and outdoor. From this return it appeared that there were 370 males and 555 females in receipt of relief, total 925.

THE COUNTY RATE PRECEPT. The Clerk laid before the Board the County rate pre- cept requiting the Guardians to pay on or before September 21st, out of the moneys paid into the bands of their Treasurer' the sum of £5,255 18s. 3d., the parti- culars of the rate being—(l) General County Purposes, 1 15-16 d. in thee; (2) General Elementsry Education at 3d. in the £ ; (3) General Police Purposes at 5-32 d. inthe £ ; (4) Warrington Police Division Purposes at lid. in the £ ; (5) Wigan Police Division Purposes at 2 1-24 d. in the £ ; (6) West Derby Hundred Main Road Purposes at 19-24 in the £. The total sum payable by each parish forpayment whereof precepts had been served upen the respective overseers and duplicates with service endorsed thereon was as follows :—Burtonwood, £555 18s. 6d. ; Cnerdley, £l7B Bs. 5d.; Haydock, £795 12s. 5d.; Hough- ton, Middleton and Arbury, £55 7s. 9d.; Newton-m- Makerfield, £2,028 3s. 2d. ; Penketh, £251 9s. 7d.; Poulton-with-Fearnhead, £209 16s. • Rixten-with-Glaze- brook, £229 19s. 10c1.; Sankey, dreat, £245 16s. 5d.; Southworth-with-Croft, £ll3 10s. 10d. ; Winwick-with- Hulme, £469 18s. id. ; Woolston-with-Martinscroft, £l2l 17s. 3d.; total, £5,255 18s. 3d. The Clerk reported that he had in preparation the precepts made each sum payable on or before September 16th, to the Union Treasurer.

ACCEPTANCE OF TENDERS. The Board accepted tenders from the following:—Mr. William Jones, clogs; Messrs. E. Pickavance and Son, leather ;M r. J. W.Houghton, milk for Padgate Schools; Mr. Darbyshire, milk for the Workhouse; Mr. C. Roy- lance, Moore Farm, potatoes ; Mr. H. Jackson, brushes; Mr. Lowden Wells coffms; Mr. lames Bowcock butchers meat; Mr. James Hallwood, bread flour and meal. The tenders for Loots and shoes, drapery, grocery, coal and slack; and drugs were referred to the House Committee. The tenders for glazing were not considered as the Master said there vvo uld be no necestity to go outside tbe House for this work in future.

This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL. The Conduct of Gipsies.

The monthly meeting of this Council was hew tit Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. T. Halton presiding. There were also present :—Messrs Brooks, Mather, Houghton, Ball, Knowles, Dr. Murray' Forshaw, J. C.. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant' clerk), Dr. Sephton (medical officer), F. Kerfoot (inspector of nuisances), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor) and H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor.)

"MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. SEPHTON reported that during the month there had been 36 births and 31 deaths. The death-rate was equal to 327 per 1,000, against 35 the average of the last three months, Ind 21 the rate for the corresponding month last year. Eighteen deaths occurred in the asylum at Winwick, and the death-rate proper for the district was IP9.

THE RATES,

The CLERK informed thP Council that a rate of 6d. in the £ would be required for general expenses during the next half year.

This rate was sanctioned. _ GIPSIES AT WINWICK.

The INSPECTOR reported the receipt of a letter from the Superintendent of Winwick Asylum- calling atten- tion to the fact that gipsies were in the habit of encamping on the piece of ground in Hollins-lanewhich was given to the Council by the Asylum's Board, and asking the Council to take the necessary steps to have the gipsies removed. The CHAIRMAN said the gipsies ought to be removed. Mr. KNOWLES : Quite right. The land was given to the Council for the purpose of widening the road. The gipsies not only eficamp there but stop the cindered footpath near the Asylum by putting ropez across to pen the horses in.

/ Mr. HALTON remarked that gipsies at one time encamped on a piece of waste land at Sankey, but the Council informed the police and had them removed at once.

Mr. KNOWLES : Look what an officious body your Council is. They are the talk of the whole county. (Laughter.)

, The INSPECTOR said he telephoned to the polite inspector at Earlestown and instructions were given to the local constable to remove the gipsies.

LONGFORD DEPOT

With reference to the Longford Depot nuisance, the INSPECTOR reported that the culvert which conveyed the gases to the furnace was now complete, but one of the dryers had yet to be connected up. He was given to understand that further alterations were to be made. The nuisance still existed and further -complaint had been made by Mr. Knowles. The matter was not discussed.

FATAL BURNINGIAcCIDENT:AT WIDNES. A child named William Rawlinson, four years of age, living at 100, Kent-street, was admitted to'the Widnes Accident Hospital on Monday suffering from very severe burns to the abdomen, face and arms. It appears that on Monday the child was playing with matches, and his clothes became ignited. Despite the attentions of Dr. Josephs the boy died on Wednesday.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday September 12, 1903. I PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

" MY husband is plain.spoken ; he calls a spade a spade." "So does mine ; but I must decline to repeat what he calls the lawn-mower." SHE: "Everybody says you married me only for my money." He But I didn't dear. I know you look it, dear, but I didn't."

MISS FROCKS : "Mr. Spokes, do you like Songs Without Words '7" Mr. Spokes: "Well, I very much prefer them to songs without sense."

CLARA : "When I was out on my wheel thi, morning I cracked my enamel quite badly." Mend: "You must learn not to smile." "au, the charms of the vanished childhood !" sighed the sentimentetist. "I've forgotten all of them," said the prosaic person, "except a charm for warts."

"THIS is the bill from your oculist," said the collector to Mr. Grimley. "Just take it back to him and tell him that I can't read it with those glasses he sold me." LADY "Now that you have had a good dinner, are you equal to the task of sawing some wood ? " Tramp: "Madam, equal is not the proper word ; I'm superior to it." HE: " Will you •be my wife?" She: "The idea Don't be ridiculous." " Yes, I know it sounds ridiculous ; but, then, I'm not so particular as some men are."

" LooK here, my lud," said a burglar, "I ain't so bad as you think I am. Only give me time and I'll reform." And his lordship gave him seven years to do it in. INTIMATE FRIEND: "Has your husband's love grown cool ? " Sarcastic wife: " Oh, no! He loves himself just as much now as he did when we were married 20 years ago. _ _

NEW MILK.—Mrs. Pe-ikins : "Did yer see any of them horseless kerridges up in the City? " Mr. P.: "No—o, but I had some of their cowless milk."

PLENTY OF Room: Poet: " I have a little con- tribution for—for the waste-paper basket." Editor —" We have no waste-paper basket." Poet: "I am delighted to hear that." Editor: "We use a barrel.'

"Puffins answered an advertisement in which somebody offered to sell him the secret for pre- venting trousers from getting fringes. round the bottom." What did they tell him 1" "To wear knickerbockers."

Undertaker: "And what kind of trimmings will you have on the casket?" Widow: "None whatever; a plain casket. It was trimmins that killed him." Undertaker: "What?" Widow: " Yes ; delirium trimming." Confidence is not always the growth of time. There are minds that meet each other with a species of affinity that resembles the cohesive pro- perty of matter, and with a promptitude and faith that only belongs to the purer essence of which they are composed. "Ain't you going to take your fan with you, Maud ? " No." "Well, I think you ought to." "What's the use? It is not too hot in the theatre just now." "But I should ,think you would want something to cover yourself with after you trke off your cloak." INJURING THE HORSES.—Corporal (t 0 new cavalry recruit) : "Never approach the horses from behind without speaking. If you do they'll kick you on that thick head of yours, and the end of it will be we'll have nothing but lame horses in the squadron." "Can you use this?" timidly inquired our ama- teur poet, as he laid a bundle of manuscript on Top's desk. "I think I can," said the great man, affably. "I am just about to light a fire in the back office."

THE teacher was trying to make the little girl understand the word queen. "Queen Victoria," she said, in the course of her illustration, "began to reign at the time of her coronation, and she is reigning now." "And can she make it rain, Miss Ruthie, whenever she wants to?" asked the little girl with great interest. "WHEN I get to be a man," said the boy who has a good niemory for phrases, "I'm going to strive to cultivate an unselfish nature." That's right,"•replied the father; "how are you going to go about it?" "Well, in the first place, if I have any little boys, I'll let them shoot their own fire. works, instead of telling them they must let me do it for fear they will hart themselves." TOLD OF PAT. Cardinal Wiseman enjoyed stories and often told them at his table. One of his favourite anecdotes was that of an Irishman, who, while taking a barge up the Shannon, was asked what goods he had on board, and answered: "Timber and fruit." "What kind of timber and what sort ox fruit ? " "Well, an' if ye must know, the timber is just birch brooms, and the fruit— well, it's petaties." MIGHT HAVE DONE WORSE.—A man was taken ill, and his wife, in her search for remedies, came across a box of little black pills, which she thought were liver pills. These she gave faithfully to her husband, who idiproved under her care. In about a wpek, when he had taken all but one or two of the( pills, the husbrnd happened to turn the box over. He gave a yell that startled the whole neighbourhood. His wife ran to him, thinking that he was dying. "Look," he cried; " read what it says on the bottom." She did as he bade her. And this is what she read: "Choice crown convolvulus seeds." - - •

THEY were very fond of each other, and had been engaged; but they quarrelled, and were too proud to make up. He called afterwards at her house—to see the old gentleman on business, of course. She was at the door. Said he—" Ah, Miss Blank, I belive ? "Is your father in ?" 4' No, sir," she replied; "pa is not in at 'Present. Do you wish to see him personally?" " Yes " was his bluff response, feeling that she was yielding; " on very particular personal business," and he proudly turned to go away. "I beg your pardon," she called after him, as he struck the last step, " but who shall I say called ? " He nevercalled again. A LAWYER, after a close cross-examination of a witness, an illiterate Irish woman, in a Boston court the other day, in reference to the position of the doors and windows, &c., in her house, asked the following question—" And now, my good woman, tell the court how the stairs run in your house ; " to which the good woman replied—" How do the sthairs run? Shure, whin I'm oop shtairs they run down, and whin Pm down, they run oop." HAD HEARD OF IT.—Willei M—was sent by his wife to market to sell a pig. On the way Willie met some friends, and proposed a dram. The pig was tied by the leg to a cart-wheel lying near. On emerging from the inn the pig was no- where to be seen, and search as he might Willie never learned where it had gone. A couple of weeks after this Willie was met by a friend. "Well, Willie," he said, "have you heard any- thing o' the pig yet?" "Heard replied Willie; "I've heard o' nothing else for the last fort- nicht.' ATE THE MESSES6ERS.—A story is told in an Antwerp newspaper of some carrier pigeons. The editor of a journal published in that city sent a reporter to Brussels for the King's speech, and with him a couple of carrier pigeons. At Brussels he gave the pigeons in charge of a waiter and called for breakfast. He was kept waiting for some time, but a delicate dish atoned for the delay. After breakfast he paid his bill, and called for his carrier pi eeons. " !" exclaimed the waiter. "Why, you've just eaten them." SHARP. —Dating a general election the late Mr. A. B. Winterbothatn, M.P. for East Gloucester- shire, was driving near Northleach in his con- stituency, and had to seek the assistance of a juvenile to open a troublesome gate. To a country- man near he said "Shall I get into any bother under the Compt Practices Act if I give the boy sixpence ?" " No, sir," replied the sharp-witted Cot swoldian, "not if you give him a shilling." Mr. Winterbotham saw the joke.

A CLERGYMAN was one day walking along the banks of a canal, when he came across a promising member of his Bible class engaged in catching rats with two fox-terriers. " I am very much sur- pried, John, to see you catching rats on a Sunday afternoon. luh it is the price of those dogs you have J ho duly informed his reference that they v- Ire first-rate animals, and worth a sovereign each. " Don't you think," inquired the rector, " that it would look very much better if you sold those terriers and bought a couple of pigs with the money ? " " Aye, an' a pretty fool I should look, c itching rats wi' a couple o' pigs," exclaimed John.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN AND PROTECTION.

NOTHING NEW IN PREFERENTIAL TARIFFS.

WHO PAYS THE TAX ON FOOD?

An Old Plan.

THESE is a great danger that in di,enqsing Mr. Chamberlain's proposals to tax f0,)4 t people will imagine that his sae ,•43 isthing entirely entirely new, something which will work wonders in promoting the prosperity of the people. Those who are able to do so should read up the history of the last great tight for Free Food. They will learn many things which will help them to understand the great question of the day. They will find the argu- ments that are now being used, in support of taxing food were used sixty years ago. Sixty years ago the Protectionists promised the workers higher wages in return for dear food. They may not have promised Old-Age Pensions, but the workers received very large contribu- tions out of the rates, practically every work- ing man, woman, and child in the rural districts being in receipt of parish relief. But, in spite of dear food, wages never increased. When wheat was 80s.• a quarter, and labourers who were getting 7s. or Bs. a week asked fur more money, they were put off with the excuse that it could not be given until corn was over 100 s. a quarter. Even if wages were slightly increased, the high price of food made the last condition of the worker worse than the first. While Mr. Chamberlain can only argue from theories in support of dear food, our arguments are supported by the stern facts of history.

The Rule 0 'Three. Mn. CHAMBERLAIN claims that circum- stances have changed since 1843. We grant it. We have had sixty years of wonderful pros- perity under Free Trade. But there are some things which never change, and which are as true to-day as they were a century ago. The rules of arithmetic are the same. A taX upon food in 1843 meant dear food. A tax upon corn to-Llay will also mean dear food. People who try to argue that it does not should be asked to explain how it is that the price of corn in France, Germany, and Great Britain has differed according to the amount of duty imposed upon corn. Here are the figures: Price Country. Price. Duty. less duty. s. d. s. d. s. d. France Germany Great Britain 27 6 .. 1 0 .. 26 6 These figures were issued by the Government for June of the present year. Those who will take the trouble to look back into the history of our land will find that the laws of arith- metic were the, same in 1842 as they are in 1903. A duty on corn means dear corn when- ever and wherever it is imposed. Every tax upon food is paid for by the people. Even a shilling duty on corn, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Balfour have admitted, is paid by the consumer. A striking instance of this truth was given by Mr. Alderman Bedford, a large miller of Boston, who, speaking in that neighbourhood a month or two ago, said: "The other day I paid £5OO for this shilling duty on corn. Do you think I am going to lose that £500? Of course lam not. lam going to get it out of some of you people by charging you more for your flour.'

The Worker's Vote. OWING to the fact that the workman has a vote, Mr. Chamberlain has had to modify his scheme. He told us, in the first place, that we must give the Colonies a preference or lose them. "No preference, no Empire," was his cry. To give the Colonies a preference, he said, we must tax food. Various offers of pensions, protection for agriculture, pro:Terity for the villages,- and a tax on foreign manufac- tures were thrown in at various intervals, according as the scheme seemed to be failing to "catch on." The working man may not understand political economy, but he cices, or his wife does, understand domestic eco; o ny. He knows that if you tax his bread you are hitting him in his weakest spot. You may tax his tobacco, and he will not grumble; tax uii beer, and he does not know it; tax his tea, end the grocer manages to give him the same weight for the same money. But when yen tax his bread and his meat you place a bunion on his shoulders he cannot possibly bear. You rob him, his wife, and his children of the bare necessities of life. If you tax food the worker will pot be able to pay more for it: he, his wife, and children will have to eat less. The Duke of Devonshire has told us that to-day, with cheap food, thousands ol our people are on the border line of hunger. What would happen if you were to tax their food ? Mr. Chamberlain realises that the workman Understands a food tax, and so now he is dropping his patriotic swagger of the sacrifices we must make for the Empire, and descending from his high Imperial platform to discuss housekeeping accounts with the work- man and his wife.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Bread or Tobacco.

"LET me tax your food," says Mr. Chamber- lain to them, "and I will take off some of the taxes on your tea, sugar, and tobacco." But there are several objections to his scheme. In the first place, bread is an absolute necessity of life, while neither tea, sugar, nor tobacco is in the same category. If it comes to a pinch, at least tea and tobacco can be managed without. But the workman's wife likes to buy a joint for the Sunday dinner, if not oftener. If they cannot afford fresh meat, they like a bit of bacon as a relish with the potatoes. But for many a workman's family bread is, unfortunately, the chief article of food, and in some cases practically their only food; therefore, it cannot be done without. Even if a little tea and tobacco are bought every week, the amount consumed, compared with bread, is very little. So that to redi;ce the tax on tea and tobacco would not balance the tax on bread and meat. Mr. Chamber- lain's difficulties are not only with the poor, but also with the Treasury. The Treasury depends upon the taxes on tea, sugar, and tobacco to provide money to carry on the Government of the country. If Mr. Chamber- lain were to take these taxes off, the Treasury would come to him and say, "Where is our money to come from " So he says he will tax 'foreign-made goods, and make up the money in that way. A tax on foreign-made goods will be paid, in the first place, by the British merchants who order them. The merchants who order the goods will charge the tax, with interest, on the people who buy them. The people who buy them are the very same people whose food Mr. Chamberlain is taxing. And so we see that instead of making things easier by this latest scheme the Colonial Secretary is adding to the taxes we shall have to pay. He will not only tax our bread and meat, but our household goods as well. The fact of it is, he cinnot tax our food without taking money out of our pockets.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET BETTING AT WIDNES.

At the meeting of the Widnes Town Council on Tuesday, the minutes of the General Purposes Com- mittee contained a recommendation that a sub-committee be appointed to considerand report as to the advisability of making by-laws under the Municipal Corpoiations Act. The chairman of the committee, Alderman Waring, re- plying to Councillor Laws, saidthat some model by-laws had been submitted to the committee, and they were of opinion thac they ought to have an opportunity of going through them. .An effort was to be made to do away with street betting, and it was in consequence of this that the committee were dealing with theby-laws.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCOFtS FREF. PUBLIC LIBRARY.

The annual report of this institution states that the number of borrowers' tickets igsued during the year was 826, being an increase of 53 compared with last year ; 443 tickets being issued to males and 383 to females. The total number of issues during the year was 27,430, an increase on the previous year of 3,363. The average daily issue was 115, an increase of 15, compared with last year. During the year3lB volumes have been added to the stock. The total number of volumes now in the library is 12,164.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRADES COUNCIL. Board of Guardians Criticised.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council was held in Bold street Wesleyan school on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Mr. J. Podmore. There was a fair attendance of delegates.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE HANDY MAN AT THE WORKHOUSE?"

The CHAIRMAN referred to the recent appointment by the Board of Guardians of what they called a" handy man." As far as he could gather this person was to be a plumber, cabinet maker, and joiner combined. He did , not know whether or not he went into the baking line. (laughter)—but he had many duties to perform. The SECRETARY (Mr. F. Stott) said those who read the local press last Saturday week would recognize that the Board of Guardians at their last meeting decided to appoint a man to be called a " handy man.' He did not know whether he was a friend of the Workhouse Master or not, but from reading the discussion it seemed that he was. He had been employed at Southend-on-Sea. Great credit was due to two mem- bers of the Board who opposed the appointment—Mr. Halton and Mr. Ashcroft—on the ground that it would do away with wat he might call tradesmen's work. The man was supposed to take charge of the painting, plumbing and glazing in connection with the Work- house and hospital. Mr. Stott read the following letter from Mr. H. Taylor' secretary of the Warrington branch of the Plumbers' Association :—" On behalf of the Society of Co-operative Plumbers, I am requested to protest against the decisiop of the Warrington Board of Guardians in appointing a " handy man" to execute plumbing work at the Workhouse, more particularly because the rate of wages advertised is considerably lower than the standard rate of wages in Warrington, thereby coming into conflict with one of the funda- mental principles,to our society. It is also objection- able that a "handy man "was not advertised for before the person was selected, thus not offering any oppor- tunity for a local man to apply, or giving our society an opportunity to protest before the appointment was made. Hoping you will take immediate steps to pro- test on our behalf." The painters were not affiliated with this Council, or very likely they would have had a letter on the matter from them. If this Council did not protest they might have the Town Council appoint- ing "handy men." (Laughter.) Mr. BUCKLEY moved that the Secretary be instructed to write to the Clerk of the Board of Guardians pro- testing against the appointment of a "handy man." He was glad the plumbers had written, but it had been his (Mr. Buckley a) intention to bring the matter forward. This was a glaring instance of what they might term "knobsticking." If a public body employed a man who was going to interfere with two or three trades, and who probably knew nothing about them, where was it going to end? If they could not get trade union wage under a public body they could not expect them front private firms. , Mr. EATON seconded the motion. The SECRETARY said one of the arguments in favour of the appointment was that it would reduce expenses because plumbers charged so much for vvalking time. Even if the man was a qualified plumber there was no reason why he should do the painting and receive such small wages. sir bmiTH said it was ridiculous that public money should be spen in such a form. In some cases money was thrown away and when an opportunity of doing good occurred it was withheld. They could not protest too strongly against it, and he would go to extremes to put it down at once. It was stated that the standard rate of wages for plumbers was Bid per hour. The CHAIRMAN agreed with what had been said, and thought Boards of Guardians ought to set a good example inemploying labour and paying good wages. The resolution was unanimously passed. -

===== 0002601_19030912_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRADES DISPUTES BILL.

A record of the voting in Parliament on this measure was produced from which it appeared that Mr. Pier- point, M.P., was absent when voting took place. The SECRETARY said it was very common occurence for Mr. Pierpoint to be absent when any special measure relating to the working classes was being de- cided npon.

LABOUR REPRESENTA.TION COMMITTEE. PROPOSED COMMITTEE.

Mr. BUCKLEY produced the proposed programme of the Warrington Labour Representation Committee as follows :—Municipal I,Trade Union rate of wages and conditions of labour; 2, direct employment of labour wherever possible; 3, construction of artisans' dwellings by corporate bodies; 4, providing of public recreation grounds and branch libraries; 5, freeprimary and secondary education; 6, full and fair assessment of all property; 7, taxation of land values; 8, absolute purity regarding all trading and contracting by public bodies. Parliamentary: 1, to promote immediate and effective legislation defining our Trade Union rights and securing absolute protection for the funds of the various trade organizations; 2,t0 provide fair remunera- tive work for the unemployed; 3, payment of members and returning officers' fees; 4, shorter parliaments; 5, universal suffrage; 6, legal eight-hours day; 6, efficient factory inspection by practical working men and women; 8, graduated income tax and abolition of all indirect taxation ; 8, nationalization of land, minerals, and railways; 10, abolition of hereditary i authorities ; 11, amendment of the Employers' Liability and Com- pensation Acts. Mr. Buckley pointed out that it was an oversight that old-age pensions were not mentioned, but the ques- tion would be included in the programme. Mr. Plumb moved that the discussion on the proposed programme be adjourned until the branches affiliated with the Council bad had an opportunity of discussing the matter. so

Mr. Plinston expressed the opinion that they ought to discuss the matter forthwith. They had not the final settlement of it; that rested with the Labour Representation Committee, on which they had two delegates. On a vote being taken it was agreed to postpone the discussion as suggested.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICERS.

Messrs. Rathbone and Fargher were elected auditors for the ensuing year. Messrs. Podmore, Plinston, Fargher, and Jolley were nominated for the position of president; Messrs. York, Rathbone, Buckley, Plumb, Plinston, Jolley, Fargher, Kendrick, and Podmore for the office of vice-president; Mr. Malone for the treasurer ship ; and Mr. Stott for the secretaryship. These names will be voted upon at the annual meeting, next month. This concluded the business of the meeting.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPOSED ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT ST. HELENS.

On Monday a man named John Porter, aged forty- two years, living at 69, Bronte-street, Newtown, St. Helens, iiaflicted a serious wound in his throat. Dr. Dow was called, attended him, and had him removed in the horse ambulance to the St. Helens Hospital.

ELAirrio STOCKINGS, KNEE CAPS &C —For VOlcose Veins and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprains do,; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s 6d, 7. Sd and 10s 6d each. Postage free.—WHITE AND WRIGHT, surgical Instrument and Truss Makers. 98. Renshaw treet, Liverpool. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warrantal to cure, In a. ..bar sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Paine in the bank. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4a, flid. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor. through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and. Midland Counties DrugCompau,

FLORILINE t—roN THE TEETH AND BEELTR.-- Moroi:4l7y cleanses the teeillp•frove all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, preuLlits tartar, stops decay, and gives it the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilins "Powder." ot all Chamisba..and Perfumer..— .List VAttwitx DISCOVERY IrOtt, THE ciant,—lt yotlt hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN Mau RENEWER, for it will positively restorq, in-every case, grey or white heir to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we.! as princting th feiowth. Price as 6d per bottle.— A d st' To blerrstEue.—Mrs. Wins lOw's Soothing-61114 has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 2hildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the Toorsufforer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oniet steep, oy relieving the child from pain and the little uherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists is lid per bottle. Advt.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSEDING BITTHR APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, ex. Price 45.6 d. post free. Obtainable only from CI 0 MARTIN, l JUIEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON EXTRAORDINARY OFFER. . - .£3 3s. ad. Costume for 245. 'ld. ..: k\, Smartly Trimmed Coat, Beautifully 401: Cut Skirt, Lined Glace Silk. )si _ , .. f As we can only execute a limited munbar of this remarkable Costume, please . write by return for Patterns and Self-measurement Form to t B. SUTHERLAND & CO. 1 ' 92, TORRIDON RD., LONDON, S.Edil RAINPROOF COATS i . i A SPECIALITY.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

-= •

===== 0002601_19030912_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yeL we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for. Take some goofl Compound such a: :s

COCKIi.e3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS c PILL.

OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. f; or BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Bzc

FREE cROM MERCURY

===== 0002601_19030912_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

Ds you receive these irekss Messages?

They are about your health. When your health goes the least bit wrong, a wireless message is sent to your brain. It says something like this.

"You are not quite well—take a dose or

at once and it will put you right."

Do you attend to these messages when you receive them? You should do so—BEECHAM'S PILLS often prevent a serious illness, and so

prove themselves "Worth a Guinea a Box."

,r.• Act', .% • . , . -,.‘• . ; • ' - • ; • - . t ' ' -;

===== 0002601_19030912_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest Sto3lt Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTHRN BOOK. New Edition, thoroughly revisal and eularge4 to 153 pages, JUST PUBLISHES/. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application.

MORELL, 17 arid 13, GREAT ST. AMEN STREET, SLUMMY, ION3PI, W.G.

Waretcuses : 11, 12fand 13, Nears Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—" Rabbitry, London."

===== 0002601_19030912_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40.376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tied, always wanted. MAKES OLD LLNEN LIKE NEII boon ever offered tn the Laundress for

.oparting an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen.Laces.etc It does not stick to epider-web-llke materials. Sold everywhere in Packeta at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRITeiILiY. Chemist. 13LneKBURN. 7, Whiter.,” ireet, London, B.C.

.6 At The greatest irn-

===== 0002601_19030912_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM! !

30, Holmley-terrace, Dronfield, Nr. Sheffield, October 23rd, 1902. Dear Sir,—l am sending you my testimonial for your Pills I think they 're the finest things in the world, and have received great becefit from taking them. I have also recom- mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary, and will recommend them whenever I can. I have tried several others, brit have not found any to equaZ. y6urs.

:Your truly, JAMES BROWES.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are p?rfeetly safe in their action, eliminv,e all injuriou matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, ls. 11,i. and 2s. 9d.„ or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEOPGE BADU, 232. Goswel:-road, London,

EUMATIC PILLS.

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS

Arejustly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and epee dy remedy for Pains in tbe Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Clout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys, Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " WALTIN DH BOOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price is. ltd, and 2s. 93. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Praprietor Holford House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

FOR THE BLOOD r.B THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

===== 0002601_19030912_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who hay received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixtute; It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the lamilv Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost conlidencte recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooci Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 23. 9d. and 11s. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY 2:700LN. Beware of worthless imitiations.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT

Best ?rice Given, FOOT & SUTTON, Wisbech•

===== 0002601_19030912_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mai

===== 0002601_19030912_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
,

14 ' I it-f" , .... ' It 1. •

===== 0002601_19030912_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
~ .° L'lll t . , ',, 4 I. ;'4 . 1 , ' I 1 a, . , , 4

===== 0002601_19030912_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
li 1 il 1 11 4

~ , ~.',. , 'l, % i 7 ~....... ,;.,. . . , . , (.., , 1 'lli fit' Ili! Vi:

===== 0002601_19030912_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19030912_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

~,J.,,...,.,'•,,....,......,.'''''''...^.,,,.....,,...-^

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. -

===== 0002601_19030912_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S TARIFF PROPOSALS.

MR. H. WHITHAM AND THE GREAT INQUEST.

Mr. H. WHITHA.M, of San Francisco, writing on August 24th, says : I have just received a letter from a very dear friend in Warrington, in which he says :—" I have for many years been a convinced Protectionist. Anyway, I have not been satisfied with our present system of absurdly one-sided Free Trade." I know my friend to be a keen observer? and a patriot in the best sense of the word,' and I therefore venture an open letter to him through the "Examiner." One of the cheerful prophecies put forward by the two great leaders of the Free-Trade movement, Cobden and Bright, was the certainty that other nations would very soon carry out the same policy. This optimistic opinion has not been realized, not, even in the smallest degree. Instead of this, England has seen the other nations fighting keenly for their share of the world's commerce. To these have been added her Colonies, and the com- petitive struggle has been waged all around on the lines of Protection. So far the prediction has not been fulfilled. The plea put forward- by America was that she must build up her "infant industries." The same must be said for the Colonies The " infant " of the Stated is now of a robust build, and with the Colonial bantlings is causing the poor old parent, John Bull, much anxiety. That there is cause for anxiety is to me somewhat doubtful. England could not reasonably expect to remain the world's workshop. • Her position in the industrial world is peculiar if not unique. She has to defend herself from protective Germany, and yet that country, and the whole of the protected European cou- anent has an industrial population that cannot begin to compare in the matter of wage-earning with Great Britain. Mark Warren in the "Contemporary " says :—" From 1880 to 1890 Germany was England's most dangerous rival, but thelyear 1891 , saw a prodigous decrease of no less than £123,115,000 in the total general trade of that country. It willnot fail to be noticed that in 1892 the value of the foreign trade of the United States exceeded that of Germany by ten million pounds. In the follow- ing year America dropped to the fourth place among the trading nations, but in 1900 it displaced France.' it may be no consolation to the Englishman to know that he is not alone in his troubles, still if he is made aware of the fact that his heels are in danger of being trodden on Mlle does not wake up and keep awake some good oi a sort,"may result. Now between England and the States the situation is very different and it is here where Mr. Chamberlain will make his greatest and best showing. When the States- man has rid his imaginative mind of the happy family idea, and has done what I certainly think should be done by the whole of his race, that is,allow the Colonies to take their own course, neither attempt by law,nor yet by treaty to do the impossible feat of persuading a people to pay a shilling for what in the open market can be bought for sixpence he will turn to the States for hie examples. This may sound like little England- ism. lam sure if Great Britain were at once to declare a future policy of independence to each one of her colonies for the mere asking she would at once stand inameasurably higher than she at present dreams of. The English speaking race would become a unit, and would clear the world of all the word competition means, and what that means wouldfill a very big book. America, .what does the word mean? and what does it comprehend? It means more than the imagination can conceive of. It means the Western Hemisphere, the fourth quarter of the world, now politically, divided into two nations, yet destined to become the one great home of the English speaking race, and the civilizing force of the world. England's supposed troubles came in part from North America. Well, my advice is don't' worry over what the United States is doing. The iudustrial problem is as difficult a problem to solve there as it is in any other part of the industrial world. If lam any judge I should say that before we are very much older we shall see some startling events in the United States. Looking first at the trusts I must say that I see nothing very startling in them. They have done away with an I immense number of middle-men So far that is satisfactory, it is what we have been aiming at for a long number of years. If they do not sell as cheaply as they might, dont get mad about it, they will by and by. You cannot legislate against the trust until you find the trust that isa monopoly. Some are promoting industrial progress in the highest degree and others are holding it back. In some there is a fair capitalization, and in others there is an over-capitaliza- tion that is simply frandulent. The Standard Oil Company is the nearest approach to a monopoly, still it has competitors. When you ap- proach the trust with restrictive legislation in mind, it is very like approaching the tariff question. Where will you make the beginning and where will you end? Several trusts have• recently gone to the wall, and a number have had to be reorganized. In time the trust will .olve the whole trouble about labour and capital and coupled with the scientific results of the day, will bring about the age of socialism. The mere socialist will never do it. A book has just been published, the title of which is,"The history of the Carnegie Steel Co." This passage occurs in the introduction. No great business has yet been built up upon the beatitudes and it is not all cynicism that condenses a negative decalogue into a positive exhortation to be successful somehow." This book sells for twenty and twenty-five pounds a copy. In this history of the Carnegie Steel Company one may read Mr. Schwab's statement that steel rails could be produced at 12do1s. a ton at a time they were costing the consumer 28do1s. Here, indeed, it would appear has been forged a weapon which may have deadly effect when placed in the hands of the opponents 'of the "tariff protected trusts." One may read of a division of profits running as high as eighty-eight per cent. to the members of the Carnegie Association. Mr. Bridge, the author of the book, was once private secretary to Mr. Carnegie. This steel com- pany is now one of the merged and forms a part of the American Steel and Iron Trust. It had until just recently fa million-dollars-a-year-man as its President, Mr.Schwab.We arehaving ouileyes opened in the States, and from the inside the information comes. What is the result? Never was a country so troubled with strikes. It would be utterly impossible to name a line of busi- ness in which the men and women were unorganizedVe are not only fighting the capitalists, but we are as keen as ever the Kilkenny cats were, in fighting each other. Yes, prosperity strikes are in order all over the United States. The workers are saying that Protection makes the individual a millionaire, but they remain as poor as ever. I must say that it seems to me to be quite true that with all the high wages a very large propor- tion of the wage earners are living from hand to mouth. I was talking with a fellow workman whose wages average about two pounds fifteen a week. He has only his wife and self to keep-and no rent to pay, and yet he assured me he could not save one, cent. There is now sitting a very interesting arbitration court The car men a this city asked for 12s. a day of eight hours. This was referred to a Court. Getting 10s. a day these men could not only not save, but could net keep out of debt. I associate with some of the most prominent leaders of Labour associations and to a man they protest against Protection as it is carried out in the States. I also study the labour papers and rarely find a favourable opinion expressed of it. All agree that Protection is but a millionaire-making machine, and they are also agreed that Protection is the greatest obstacle in the way of International Federation of the labouring classes.We have seen how Socialism is going forward by leaps and bounds in Germany. Surely this is not a result of the high wages received by the German workman and yet the growth of wealth in Germany in the past decade has been vast. Prussia, in the returns for the past year shows sixty incomes exceeding £50,000 sterling annually. In Berlin in 1899 there were only seven men worth one and a half millions. To-day there are eighteen. Four Berliners own from two to seven millions; twenty-one from one to one and one-half millions. Krupp left thirteen and a half million sterling. The growth of German wealth is due to the astonishing expansion of commerce and industry. Yes! Expansion of commerce and industry, but the millionaire-making machine gets in its heartless work all the same, and leaves the work- man poor as ever. I your readers could only have, what I cannot take up space with giving, a sketch of smuggling and its I kinship to Protection as it is daybyday given in the I American press, they would be surprised. The greatest THE WARRINGTON SOCIETYI culprits are the rich. This is scarcely the worst feature of it. Quite a large army of Custom House officers are maintained 0? carry out its ridiculous provisions, and Proposed Memorial Tablet to Dr. the appointment of these officials, and the way they get their political work in exemplify the very worst Priestley. features of corruption. In a word, Protection is in my opinion the most demoralizing, the most degrading, and A circular has just been issued by the above Society the saddest corruption-breeding institution a nation can from which we learn that the executive propose to possibly have within its borders. commemorate the centenary of the death of Dr. I When I say this I still urge the greatest and widest of priestley, the discoverer of oxygen, which takes place , friendly discussion in the great inquest the nation is on the 6th of January next, by erecting on his residence I now holding. I have read with great interest the articles contributed by Mr. Crosfield, Mr. Rylands, and in Academy-street a suitable tablet. Dr.PriestleY came to Wqrington in 1761, and lived in this house (which is I Mr. H. P. Hughes, and I must honestly say I 'cannot for • at present occupied as offices by the Richmond Gas I the life of me tell which is the workman's friend, Stove and Meter Co., Limited), until his removal to I Codling or Short. I believe with Mr. Hughes that Leeds in 1768. Here he Wrote his "HistorY of Elec- I "Carelessness in the handling of statistics is regarded . hanky-panky,— tricity " and other well-known books (which were , _ as even a worse• public offence than ha printed in Warrington by William Eyres); and here he I for most men would prefer, of the two, in conducted many of his earlier ex pathnents. His con- business matters, to deal ,with a rogue than a fool." I certainly hope that John Bull is not so dropsical mention with the place had been amusingly recorded by nor yet so slow and flat-footed but thathe will yet find _ Miss Aikin in her "Inventory of the furniture in Dr. I the " lost key. Where will he find it? That's the Priestlev's Study." I question. lam certainly of opinion ~hat he will find It will be remembered that a tablet was unveiled at I . t in the hands of 'the " dead. man " to whom Mr. year, and tablets will be fixed upon I . the Old Academy last her local celebrities as soon Hughes refers, but it will open a door that has not yet the houses occupied by other been referred to by anyone of thewell-to-do disputants a f ' English • I life, feature insoma e, its as funds allow. Donations will be welcomed from any who are interested in main " the associations of institutions and lotions that is not in the grasp of the town. There is scarcely the dead man's hand. The Church has itsthrottling hand The landedinterest 't traditions • ry of "Warrington " We note that several valuable additions have been lately made to the Society's gallery books. on education. in s ions is guarded by such protectionists as the Right Hon. Henry Worthies," and to its library of Warrington The Chaplin and the Right Hon. James Lowther and not Winter session will commence early in October, and a. . the toast of all tabour and capital seem slow a getting capital programme of lectureshasalreadybeen. arranged. out of the ruts they have inherited. The Photographic and the Polyglot Societies, actively also occupy the Old Academy, are likewiseisahcinivetv To conclude I may say it is easy to find fault. Sir Norman Lock;eir does something more, he points one preparing for the Winter session. Persons w way out of the difficulty or will do so on September join any of these societies are requested to apply Bth. The British Association meets on September 9th • togthe respective Secretaries at the Old Academy.

We cannot under ordinary circumstances undertake to return themanuscripts which are not used.

" Simple and Healthful Food."

I shall be glad to send a copy of my booklet bearing the above title, post free to any of your readers sending a penny stamp: This pamphlet ,has been compiled with a view of assisting that section of our people whose income is very limited. Economists tell us that almost 30 per cent, of our population is underfed, and underfed to the extent, it is estimated, of 25 per cent. This booklet of simple and healthful food contains 65 recipes for soups, savouries, and sweets, and shows how the daily fare may be enlarged by a more varied and appetising diet, and With lessened expenditure. During the present time of distress it is hoped this little com- pilation may be of service.—Yours faithfully, ALBERT BROADBENT. The Vegetarian Society; 19, Oxford-street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CROSFIELD AND THE ENGADINE GOLF CLUB.

Distribution of Prizes: The Speeches.

At the conclusion of the annual tournament on the St. ' -Moritz links, Mr. A. H. Crosfield entertained all his golfing and other friends to a sumptuous tea on the big rink. All the arrangements, says the "Alpine Post and Engadine Express," were carried out to perfection by Herr A. Janssen, and the result was that everyone hada jolly good time. The tables were artistically and prettily decorated with flowers, and the glorious sun shine lent a lustre to thescene. After tea the Captain made a short speech, in which he dwelt on the prosperity of the Club and the great increase in the popularity of the game in the Engadine; and then introduced Lady Sassoon, who had graciously consented to distribute the prizes. Atthe conclusion of this interesting ceremony, Mr. A. H. Lloyd proposed a vote of thanks to Lady Sassoon for being present and acting as prize giver on this auspicious occasion. Though she is no golfer at present, he said, she had promised to become one next year. The vote of thanks was passed with loud acclamations. Sir Edward Sassoon in reply said: "Now while I beg to express to Mr. Lloyd my most grateful appreciation of his great kindness to my wife I think I shall invokeyour warmest sympathy on being called upon to make a speech. (Laughter) It is rather hard lines on a husband while his wife is to have the credit. (Renewed laughter) I'do not laiew how to-ex- • press to our most generous and distinguished host, Mr. Crosfield, our thanks for this most delightful banquet. Ilthink it is worthy of St. Moritz, and worthy of any garden party in London orlin New York. (Hear hear and cheers). Now, Ladies and Gentlemen golf is not all beer and skittles. (No). We who are duffers are at most beginners at the game and have found that out to our cost in the last few days. I think our hearts should go out in gratitude to thecommitteewhohave organised theseand the Samaden competitions,andwe cordially thank them for"the very great attention they have given to the game we love year after year. (Cheers.) Golf as we know requires a great deal of concentration. I think , my friend Mr. Crosfield will bear me out in that, for he told me his misfortunes in the mixed foursomes to-day were due to his temporary lack of concentration. (Much laughter.) It is a game that leads to emphatic and sometimes even vehement language. (Laughter.) That reminds me of a little caddie boy who was brought before a judge for using strong language. The judge said to the boy, "Why, you are very young, where could you have learned such language?" The boy answered, "I was caddie to your Lordship for two years." (Loud laughter.) Sir Edward then congratulated the winners. Mr. A. H. Crosfield then spoke as follows :—"Before we separate I think there is one vote of thanks which ought to be passed, and I have also an announcement to make which you will be pleased to hear. Our Captain, Mr. Ted Lloyd, has undertaken the duties for another year. (Loud cheers.) I do not know that I can adequately express what is due to Mr. Lloyd for the indefatigable and tireless energy with which he has worked for the Club this year in his position as Captain. (Cheers.) And yet that seems a little strange because, as Sir Edward Sassoon has re- minded us in his apt and charming anecdote, golf in one respect is bound to help all of us. Whatever it may or may not do for us I am sure all who are present, not excepting even those Members of the House of Commons who are limited to Parliamentary language, will agree that it is calculated to extend one's vocabul- ary. (Laughter.) Well, however limited my own vocabulary unfortunately may be, I have at any rate had some experience of the work that is done by a Captain of this Club, because since 1894, when golf was in its infancy at St. Moritz and Samaden—excepting two years when I was trav'elling in America—l have been here every season. (Hear,hear.) That does enable .one to judge of a Captain's duties in this club and makes one appreciate the more the tact, decision, courtesy and immense amount of real hard work which Mr. Ted Lloydhas put in this year,and I will add,put in without an atom of fuss or a word of complaint.l am very glad my friend Sir Edward Sassoon has so kindly referred to the work done bylthe committee,captain and the secre lary, and, ladies and gentlemen' perhaps some of you scarcely realise how much work has to be done in order that season by season we may enjoy our game out here on these links and at Samaden. Mr. Lloyd has been through the mill as secretary and he knows the ropes. (Hear, hear.) We all appreciate therefore very greatly the advantage it has been this year to have him as Captain, and gratitute being a sense of further favours to come we look forward to having him at the head of .our Club next year. (Cheers.) There is no doubt this , season's golf has been a great success, and just as in the I case of the great and flourishing club at Cannes, so here it is pleasant to see many nationalities represented and meeting together in friendly rivalry. Among many other members we are always pleased to see upon our I links may I just say how delighted we are to have amongst us the popular and genial President of the Club at La Boulie. (Loud cheers.) It was a most happy idea of his that we should have that friendly little match at Samaden the other day between the two clubs, and, Monsieur Deschamps, we think it an equally happy suggestion of yours that we should send a team representing this Club later on to try conclusions with you at Paris. (Cheers.) We shall be very pleased indeed to break a Janne with you on your native heath. I have been to La Boulie and I know that the President has worked to develop that Club for the benefit of Paris. Do youknow the definition of a President's duty? He is expected to speak honey, spend money, and look bonny. (Much laughter.) Who else could so perfectly fill that position (Cheers.) Well, whoever wins, there is nothing pleasanter than these inter-club matches, and our rencontre with La Bonne has been by no means the least pleasant event in a very pleasant season. I can only repeat that the success of our season is in a very large degree, in fact mainly owing to the tireless energy and good judgment of our Ceptain, backed up so ably as he had been by our Committee and our valued seem- tary, and I therefore ask you to give our friend Ted Lloyd a most emphatic and cordial vote of thanks. (Loud Cheers.) Mr. Desc.hamps, President of the Societe de Golf de Paris (La Boulie) speaking in French, thanked Mr. Crosfield for his kind remarks, and declared that even if he and some of his countryraenhad been able to start La Boulie and make it a successful club, they owed it first of all to their English and American friends who were their greatest supporters when the scheme was set on foot. Ile thought they owed a great deal to the encouragement and advice of Mr. Crosfield and other well-wishers who hoped to see La Boulie develope into a successful club.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday September 12 1903 LIFEBOAT SATURDAY.

under the presidency of Sir Norman Lockyer. "The presidential address, 'says the Amecioart press,"will deal with national shortcomings as regards the teaching of seience. Sir Norman Lockyer intends to prove by means of statistics of the British industries that national life is generally suffering very seriously from the neglect of science in education, that is, from want of properly equipped modern universities, which are less numerous and efficient than those of the United States or Germany. Great Britain, therefore, must submit to be outstripped, or have state aid commensur- ate with what has been given to other countries. Sir Norman names £20,000,000 as necessary. He main- tains that it would be a remunerative investment, for it means the difference between public prosperity and adversity." Dealing with Protection is wastinglatime, get to work on the possible.

frame, forks and handle bars were completely hidden from view by a case of figured oak, with neatly-executed overlay fretwork. A model circular saw had been balanced on the hub of the front wheel, and surrounding it were pretty fretwork designs. The back wheel con- tained a large octagonal combination of fretwork photo frames and a delicately-constructed but large size lamp was attached to the front of the machine. Faney woodwork, overlaid with fretwork 1 flowers (hand-painted) was utilized for mud guards. Miss Bond, of Southport, who scored such a success last year as "The shower of gold" as figured an Eastern princess. Her elaborate costume called forth general admiration. Several of the paraders reminded the spectators of the recent America Cup races. Mr. A. Grounds made a Capital Sir Thomas Lipton, and Master Grounds, as Uncle Sam, was seen triumphantly carrying the coveted trophy. Miss Lawton was very neatly attired in green and a model yacht—with a shamrock worked on the sail—was attached to her cycle. Miss Davies, of Heatley, looked well as the Harvest Queen, her dress and machine being fringed with corn and flowers. Then there were a brigand's wife, an Indian huntress, and a girl with dress covered with small dolls to represent "La Poupde." Mr. John Hampson, of Warrington, had a very ingenious turnout to illustrate the work of the Post Office. His bicycle was profusely adorned with letters, picture post cards and rainature mail bags, and a small mail van was also introduced. As "The Stamp Queen " Miss Whitney, of Warrington, wore a costume covered with 20,000 postage stamps. Mr. T. Jackson, of Tyldesley, carried off a prize as the " Handy man." He was clad in sailor costume and his beautifully deco- rated machine was surmounted with models of the ancient and up-to-date ships of war. Mr. J. D. Payne. of Bolton, a wall-known parader, was effectively costumed as the Venetian Gondolier and his machine was prettily decorated with real flowers. His brother—Mr. William Payne—sent a finely-constructed model of the" Victory." Considerahle amusement was created by the representation of a schoolmaster, wear- ing cap and gown, who frequently appeared to adminis- ter chastisement to a refractory pupil. Mr. P. Stirock, of Newton Heath, had a, beautiful costume as "King of Spain" and Miss Lowe, of Liverpool, WM a prize- winner with a dress completely covered with red spangles. As "Ivy" Miss Warburton was charmingly costumedlin a dress decked with the familiar ivy leaves. Mr.S.Eastwood,of Newton Heath,was the cause of many a ripple of merriment. His machine had been fitted up as a handcart and between the shafts was a" dummy' woman who was wheeling her drunken husband home. The bicycle was skilfully manipulated and it was a source of wonder to some of the spectators that the venturesome rider did not come to grief. Prom what has already been said it will be concluded that the cyclists rose to the occasion and their display quite realized the anticipations of the townspeople. Then there was a host of excellent characters on foot. One gigantic figure—" Sunny Jim" to wit—stalked about on stilts. He seemed thorotighly at home at such an elevation and shook hands familiarly with policemen

ton Anglers' A,sseciation (Mr. Knight) ; 2, Darktown Fire Brigade (H. J. Mainley, Penketh). Decorated fire engine: Messrs Crosfield's Warrington (Mr. Gallon Superintendant.) Special prize, £1 to Morris Dancers. The Stockton Heath Club lodged a protest itgaihst the award of the prize for the largest turnout in costume to the Royal CS. .

Mr. P. T. PARRY, one of the judges, said that with the exception of the Liverpool parade he could con- gratulate Warrington upon having the best procession he had judged this year. They had had great difficulty in judging as there were so many excellent turnouts. The MAYOn said that very great credit was due to the judges for the pains they had taken and for the excel- lent judgment which those present believed they had given. If there had been double the number of prizes, candidates would have been found for them without any difficulty. In conclusion, the Mayor thanked Mr. Davies, and all who had helped to make the demonstra- tion a credit to Warrington. (Applause). The artistes were heartily thanked for their services, and the Mayor and Mayoress for their presence.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. H. P. Hughes and the Cobden Club

MR. H. P. HUGHES writes : I see that Mr. Harold Cox,—the able and irrepressible Seoretary of the nationally-moribund Cobden Club—is taking up my letter of a fortnight ago. True, his reply' is a bit belated, but then that is perhaps symbolical of an Institution which is, to-day, said to be at least twenty years behind progressive Britishpublic opinion Of course, I should have felt far more flattered-by Mr: Cox's attentions, if his letter had been drafted for my- self aloae; but find that,—with the same spirit of exem- plary thrift, which animates the housewife who concocts to-day's dinner out Of the leavings from yesterday—Mr. Cox has only served me with a "hash." In other words his Warrington letter is only a fragment from another letter of his, dated 22nd August, and published in the "Manchester Guardian." Withyour permission,l will reproduce part of this letter to the Manchester Guardian"; "Mr. J. H. Bottomley, who describes himself as a Conservative Agent,has stated in the press, that the Cobden Club is largely composed of foreigners. The statement is absolutely false. The long list of names he gives, is apparently taken from an old list of honorary members of the Club. These gentlemen were elected honorary members, for their services [praetical results, nil] in promoting the cause of Free-Trade in their own country. If their efforts were successful,foreign countries would be thrown open to British trade--[tweedle-durn; tweedle-dee]. They were therefore assisting the very cause in which English Protectionists profess to believe, and in which English Free-Traders really do believe,naraely thecause [please call it "dream "] of universal Free-Trade. So far as the pxrely English work of the club is concerned, these foreign honorary members have absolutely nothing to do with it. They pay no subscription, and have no voice [if they had ,d a voice," they would sing " Some- day,someday, someday you will awaken, Bull 1 in deter- mining the policy of the Club. Mr.l Bottomley's sug- gestion that these foreign gentlemen are making tools • of Radical Trade Unionists and Co-operators, and no I doubt, paying a lot of them, is therefore,as false as it is I malicious." I The wailing, minor key of the above letter is very pathetic. Alas poor Cobden Club! After a long period I of strutting and crowing, it has survived itself, and has I lived to be laughed at in London and [pitied in the pro- vinces. All history tells us that nation, or party, or cause, that falls back on the defensive is—lost. The Cobden Club, at the beginning of the present fiscal campaign was proudly aggressive; to-day, it is I figlating even for its British locus stancli. The prestige of the Club is gone for ever. A little more worldly wisdom at the Cobden Mub, would have at least "saved the face" of an institution which—in the past —had won a large measure of popular respect. The cult of Free-Trade has now split itself upon the rock of Imperialism; and therobden Club is much like a cer- tain historical old lady, who tried to keep back the advancing tide with her broom. To the future historian, the term Free-Trade will be a mere phrase, or label, or idiom' to mark an experimental epoch in British trad- ing. An epoch of sixty or seventy years is, after all, only a very brief chapter in the history of an Empire. What is the use of the Cobden Club thinking it can stem the rising tide of British business-opinion, as in- dicated, for instance by the following extract from the "Daily Telegraph" of 25th August :—" At a largely attended meeting, yesterday, under the auspices of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, Sir Alfred Jones pre- siding, a resolution was adopted expressing the opinion that it was necessary an inquiry should be held into the fiscal system of the country. Mr. J. IL Welsford, Unionist candidate for the Crewe Division, delivered an address on Imperial commerce, from a practical point of view, and maintained that, commercially and Imperially, it would be to England's advantage to make some alteration in the fiscal system." Time tests all methods; and time has—during the last few years— abundantly demonstrated the fact that, in its fully. matured harvest, the Free-trade seed has brought forth, to the British capitalist and workman, thorns—in place of the figs that were, at the planting time, sixty or seventy years ago, so profusely prophesied. The British Nation has—in the present fiscal cam- paign—nothing to thank the Cobden Club for, in the matter of candour, or of disinterested help in arriving at a practical solution of our current bad-trade problems. The Cobden Club gives the impression that it would far rather that the British nation should be ruined,, than that onejot or oneltittle of obsolete Free-Trade theories should suffer. It is a selfish policy, and will bring its own reward. Originally created to foster freedom of fiscal opinion, the CM is now one of the main instru- ments in trying to stifle it. What changes of relative attitude time brings forth, and how history keeps repeating itself. Protection is, to-day, gaining ground —in Britain—as rapidly as Free-Trade did, say, sixty years ago, and the Conservatives of to-day are taking the place, as attacking forces' of the Cobdenites of over half a century ago. Every day that passes by, the i Cobden Club s losing adherents—particularly among the business communities—and Protection is gaining volume, and please remember that volume of public opinion means momentum, and momentum means a practical victory at the polls. Since drafting the above, I have seen the published letter of Mr. Harold Cox, to Mr. Chamberlain. under date 31st August, upon the same old topic of foreign membership of the Cobden Club. Poor Mr. Cox is having abusy time of it, in explaining away this alleged cosmopolitan feature of the Club. It will be interest- ing to see how Mr. Chamberlain deals with the Club. The incident is about as grotesque as if my little terrier-dog, "Toby," challeneedan elephant to "explain himself." Indeed the disparity is even greater,between Mr. Chambeslain's position, as the leading Statesman of i the British Empire and a club which has apparently lost not only the confidence but the esteem of a large Iportion of the business public. I P.2.—As an illustration of the way in which the club ; is being snubbed, at iteown door, I append a copy of a letter which appeared in the "Pall Mall Gazette "and "Daily Telegraph "Itif 25th August last : COBDEN CLUB AND SIR H. VINCENT. Sir,—The Cabden Club is wise in declining the challenge of Sir Howard Vincent,and in endeavour- to confine the issue to the question of a food tax, a question in whioh the unthinking masses are easily gulled. The Cobden Club dares not face a practical test on main issues, and it is not the first time it has declined' a challenge. It doubtless has a whole- some recollection of an incident which occurred about sixteen years ago, when Mr. Williamson challenged it to send a short circular to the princi- pal representative exporters in our chief manufac- turing centres, asking them what had been their experience as to the incidence of duties. The challenge was declined by the Cobden Club, so Mr. Williamson sent out the circular on his own account, with the result that out of 531 replies to the circular, all except one admitted that the bur- den of the duty fell upon them, and not on the con- sumer. I have already in previous letters laid before the public a large number of instances in which the imposition of a duty has not been followed by an incense of price in the article taxed; space will not admit of a repetition of these, but I may, per- haps, be allowed to cite the following cases in which it is evident that the burden of the duty has not fallen on the consumer. The Manager of the Barrow Steel Works stated, in evidence before the Royal Commission on the Depression of Trade, that in 'one year, 1884, his Company had paid £160,000 in duties to the United States, yet, under the heavy duty, the price of steel rails had fallen from £ll2 per ton in 1873 to £37 in 1885. • Again, the duty on tin-plates in the United States was raised in 1891 from PO to 2.2 cents. per pound; this, according to the Cobden Club reasoning. should 'have raised the price from 35 to 4-7 cents. per pound; but, on the contrary, the price fell (under the stimulus of home competition, as the industry developed in the United States) to 2-6 cents. in 1894, the imports of tin-plates continuing, though in diminished quantities, during the development of the industry, the British manufacturer paying the duty.—Yotirs Scc., (Signed) GUILFORD L. MOLESWORTH. The Manor House, Bexley, August 31st.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUSEUM..

Wild Flowers.

The following species are represented this week in the exhibition of wild flowers at the Museum :—Yellow- cress, turnip, shepherd's purse, corn cockle, white campion, red campion, gorse, bird's foot trefoil bush vetch, hare's-foot clover, red clover, meadow- sweet, lady's-mantle, great willow-herb, French willow- herb, purple loosestrife, fool's parsley, field hedge parsley, wild angelica devil's bit, hemp agrimony, cud-weed, stink ma,yweed, sneezewort yarrow, yarrow, mugwort, wormwood, marsh thistle, creeping thistle, knapweed, common sowthistle, mouse- ear hawkweed, broadrleaved hawkweed, chicory, ragwort, grounclsel. common tansey, , rampant fumitory, toad flax, figwort, water figwort, foxglove, pepper mint, red dead-nettle, large flowered hemp nettle, ribwort plantain, greater plantain, common persicaria, knotgrass, centaury, large convolrulus, yellow loosestrive, bur-reed, cotton grass, ' common tamus, gipsy wort.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, _

===== 0002601_19030912_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESSFUL DEMONSTRA.TION AT WARRINGTON.

Picturesque Procession,

Nothing appeals more powerfully to the sympathies of the average Britisher than heroism. He loves to read of men who face unflinchingly the greatest risks and are ready, if need be, to sacrifice their own lives in an effort to save others. We are all proud of the gallant fellows who man the lifeboats round the coasts of our "tight little island." Who is there who has not at some time been thrilled by the narration of deeds of true heroism and endurance enacted by the lifeboat crews? Warrington people, at any rate, have shown that they have a warm admiration for these men who "occupy their business in great waters," and once more it has been proved that an appeal on behalf of a really deserving cause has only to be made to the townspeople to call forth a ready and hearty response. Some months ago the idea of holding a demonstration to aid the ;Royal National Lifeboat Institution was mooted, and all along willing assistance has been forthcoming to ensure that the event should be thoroughly worthy of the town. Doubtless this was to be accounted for by the know- ledge of the fact that the whole of the money raised would be devoted entirely to the payment of lifeboat- men,grants to their widows and children, and like purposes. The Mayor and Mayoress willingly lent their powerful influence in support of the movement. Strong committees were soon gat to work—and be it at once said that they have discharged their varied duties with an assiduity which is deserving of cordial recognition. Saturday witnessed the consummation of their labours and the dulness of our streets was, for the nonce, relieved by a pictnresque pageant, which in a town of the size of Warrington, would have been difficult to excel. The demonstration was as success- ful as the most sanguine individual would have ven- tured to predict. As the procession wended its way through the crowded thoroughfares expressions of pleasure and appreciation were heard on all hands. It seemed to be the general opinion that Warrington has never seen anything better in the way of fancy dress pageantry, and the promoters must take it for granted that they have the thanks of the spectators for pro- viding such a display: Our fickle cl.'

..,ur tick _..imate has caused us some anxiety oi late, and, however optimistically inclined, one could 'ye in his Presence Mr. T who were quite diminutive . .T. Critchley was exceptionally good as that bold outlaw hardly regard with cheerfulness the prospect pre- Robin Hood. "The Village Wedding" was well de- seated on Saturday morning. A. wet day would picted and a very active Sinbad the Sailor turned almost inevitably have spelt failure to the demonstra- somersaults as he passed along the streets. Mr. H. tion and the spirits of the promoters sank when at Walker, of Liverpool, was an excellent "Silver cake half-past ten rain began to fall in torrents. Happily walk queen" and Miss Crowley, of Liverpool, the downpour was of short duration and in the after- successfully impersonated an Eastern dancer. The noon the suit made a welcome appearance. The con- Misses Taylor, of Warrington, had handsome costumes ditions could not have been more favourable for the and Itheir representations of "The Daughter of theßegiment " and "A Sailor boy" were favourably com- procession—a circumstance for which everyone con- mented upon. The juveniles gave a good account of cerned had reason to feel thankful. The collec- themselves, notably J. M. Hopkins as a herald and tion of funds was not reserved entirely Stanley Watkins as the ill-fated King Charles I. to the parade. No one had the slightest ground for The spectators were delighted with the performance complaining that he had not an opportunity of sub_ of the Crewe Royal Morris Dancers. To the strains of scribing to the lifeboat institution. In all the main the League of the Cross Band the old-time dances were 'gone through with agility and the troupe was frequently streets collectors were posted throughout the day and applauded. The humorous element again asserted itself did their best to induce passers-by to "help the men with the appearance of the Dark-town Fireßrigade from who ne'er turn back." In addition many workers had penketh. This worthy organization, it appears,requires been busy with collecting books and these were the a week's notice of every fire, and the engine Non- means of realizing a substantial sum. Trader and Passive Resister" was equipped with a THE PROCESSION DESCRIBED. pair of bellows "to blow the fire out"—as the spectators were informed. Another ingenious and A bright and pioturesque scene met the gaze of anyone laughable feature was the "special build of mbtor car who chanced to enter the Park at half-past four. for 1904" for which XII-. Throssell (of Messrs. Bellian) A living wealth of colour surrounded the and a friend were responsible. James Robinson, who bandstand. Characters of all descriptions—from has gained distinction as a long-distance pedestrian, the ludicrous to the artistic had astern- appeared in the procession with the barrow which he bled and officials were hurrying hither and has wheeled for so many miles. The parade had nearly thither making the final preparations. The duties of reached its close when the lifeboat "Busbie" was seen chief marshal were allotted to Sergeant-Major Rawlin- approaching. Without a lifeboat the demonstration— son and he had ahead of able assistants. At five o'clock however attractive in other respects—would have been everything was in readiness for the start, the paraders incomplete. The boat, manned by a crew were formed into sections, and to the lively strains of of hardy-looking seamen, brought more vividly the Volunteer Band the proassion moved:off.lt cansafelr to the minds of the spectators the work be said that all Warrington had turned out to witness which they were asked to support. Twelve the demonstration and the streets were thronged with an powerful horses, belonging to Messrs Peter Walker and expectant multitude. Son Limited drew the lifeboat through the streets. Cries of "It's coming" were heard when the The members of the crew were experts at collecting "Mersey" motor car covered with woodwork and contributionsand reaped a rich harvest of copper. The decorated so as to represent a lifeboat was seen ap- Chief Constable rode in the boat and ,Mr. T. H. Pretty proaching. Our old friend" Pa "Davies made a typical (Messrs Peter WalkerandSorCi local traffic inanager)lent sailor, in fact we had a difficulty in recagnising him at valuable assistance in controlling the fine team of first sight. The military section—which had the place horses. of honour—gave an attractive set off to the pageant. An army of collectors accompanied the procession and The Volunteer Mounted Infantry looked, very smart most of them did their work , well. There were also on their well-groomed steeds and there was a fair numerous lurries for the reception of coins. After muster of members of the Cycle Corps. The Rev. W traversing a long route the precessionists returned to Bracecamp, the Volunteer chaplin, acceornpanied the the Park and dispersed. All the streets were Mounted Infantry on horseback. Major Appleton was well lined with spectators who were loud in their responsible for a pleasing tableau which carried one's praises of the ingenuity displayed by the paraders. mind back to what is now ancient history. A number SMOKING CONCERT. of Volunteers were costumed to illustrate the different A smoking concert in the Drill Hall formed a pleasant types of uniforms which have been in use eilinCe the wind-up to the day's proceedings. It was unfortunate birth of the Volunteer movement in Warrington. First that the use ()Warr Hall could slot be obtained, for the came the Old Blue Backs and a Volunteer clad in the proceeds might have been considerablylarger. The hall familiar khaki brought up the rear. The spectators was almost filled, and the excellent programme was thoughts were then diYerted from modern civilized thoroughly appreciated. Many of the paraders in cos- warfare to the crude methods of the Kaffirs. Two tutne occupied seats on the platform, and the scene was dusky savages were to be seen indulging in a war dance a bright and pleasing one. The Mayor, who was near the entrance of a wigwam—or some like place of accompanied by the .Mayoress, presided. Before the abode—erected on a military waggon, at the same time concert commenced, giving vent to unearthly yells which made the " show " Mr. D. DAVIES, the chairman of the general corn- all the more realistic. Credit is due to Sergeant Ashton mittee, said they could not commence the proceedings and Private Fernley for this cleverly contrived feature. without congratulating themselves on the magnificent So long was the procession that it would be practi- weather with which they had been favoured, and there cally impossible to describe every character. Taken all was especial cause for thankfulness considering its round, the display was a splendid one and thoroughly threatening character in tha forenoon. They were worthy of the town. Our local bands are always ready pleased to see their honoured Mayor in the chair. (Ap- to offer their services on such occasions and once more plause.) Many of them would repember that last year there was no lack of music to please the ear of the they had a magnificent meeting in the Parr' Hall,which, listener. Every section—and there were nine—was unfortunately, was not available that night, owing to headed by some well-known band and all honour is due the decorations which were being carried outS but to the members for coming forward in such a noble theyhad a very fair substitute in the Drill Hall. Later cause. To turn to the ridiculous, Warn tgton people on Mr. Davies announced that the Mayor had been so have an immense liking for the " comic bands " which well pleased with the peeformances of the Crewe Royal always figure in these processions and on Saturday the Morris dancers that, he had presented them with a most staid spectator could hardly refrain from laughter special prize of £l. (Applause.) It was very gratify- at the efforts of the gentlemen who clad in fantastic ing that their services were so much appreciated—so raiment, endeavour to extract earsplitting sounds from deservedly appreciated. (Renewed applause.) instruments generally ranging in variety from a mouth The programme was admirablycarried out and thanks organ to a trombone. "The Special Scotch "band from are due to the artistes who gave their valuable services. Runcorn made a great hit. All the performers appeared A violin and piano duet was executed with taste and in kilts and showed themselves to be adepts at handling skilliby Messrs. W. H. Payton and R. H. Pearson. Mr. that beautiful instrument—the toy bagpipe. Not less J. Biddulph Poole was heard to advantage. in "Blow, grotesque in garb and antics were the members of blow, thou winter wind" and "Off to Philadelphia" the " Tattenhamcerner band" from Sutton. and was:deservedly applauded. Instrumental quartettes Fire Brigades and fire engines were much in evidence by the Misses E. and L,Pooley and the Misses E. and M. in the procession and it would appear that the inhabi- Warren contributed not a little to the evening's enjoy- tants of Warrington and district can rest assured that went. Mrs. A. Booth possesses a beautifully sweet and there is every facility for coping with outbreaks of flexible voice and she is to be complimented upon her fire which inevitably occur. The Warringeon Fire artistic renderings of "Star of the Twilight "and Brigade—with its capable superintendent, Mr. "Daffodils." Miss Nellie Anderton also earned Turner—turned out with two smartly decorated engines the approbation of the audience by her inter- and the men looked spic and span with their burnished pretatione of "Land across the Sea" and "Sun- helmets. Equally creditable were the turnouts of the shine and rain," in which her rich contralto Wilderspool, Lymm, and Messrs. Crosfield's brigades— voice had full scope. Mr R. H. Pearson eon- but the members of the last named organization are tributed a violin solo with his customary ability. The to be specially complimented upon the beautiful voices of the Molian Glee singers (Messrs. W. Bennett, decoration of the engine which thoroughly merited W. White, H. Bennett, and W. Knowles) blended most the prize awarded. The vehicle exhibits were a special effectively in two quartettes and oordial applause feature of the parade. Mr. George Hoult had an effec- rewarded the efforts of the vocalists. Mr.W. H. Ireland tive tableau, and the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter proved himself as great a favourite as ever, and sang Company, Ltd.—enterprising as ever—were to the fore Mary" and "Let me like a soldier fall" with marked with a representation of the" model kitchen," which, taste and expression. The humorous element was in the of course, was not complete without some of the firm's capable hands of Mr. Alfred Grounds who kept the cooking appliances. The Latchford Model Yacht audience in a jovial mood and would doubtless have Sailing Club (Commodore: T. A. Carter) gave ! been recalled had it not been for the fact that owing evidence of its vitality by a capitally arranged 'to lack of time encores could not be complied with. exhibit of model yachts, and Mr. B. Wadsworth's Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac. efficiently supplied the excellent show of pianos attracted general atten- accompaniments. During the interval the prise distri- tion. The Manchester Ship Canal Company sought , bution took place. to illustrate the work of the, diver by exhibiting 1 The MAYOR congratulated the successful compati- the apparatus used in that at times dangerous calling. tors, who, he. said, had pleased them most and old Father Neptune, with his boat, trumpeter, and ,by their quaint, curious, suggestive and orna- suite, paid a visit to solicit help for the lifeboatmen. ;mental costumes. As President, he thought he There was a consensus of opinion that the Warrington might say that he thanked all who had worked so Anglers' Association's exhibit carried off the palm. hard to get the entertainment together. He felt proud These ardent disciples of Izaac Walton displayed a fine that they had such a splendid afternoon for the pro- collection of specimen fiSh and angling requisites of all cession. His worship also added that he thought the descriptions and great pains must have been bestowed town had responded magnificently to their efforts, and upon the arrangement of them. The operations of the that there were few towns in England who could have National' Telephone Company, which play such an done better than their good old town of Warringtonhad important part in the commercial life of to-day, were done that day. (Applause.) brought before the notice of the onlookers by a capital THE PRIZE LIST. arrangement of insulators, wires, and telephonic The MAYORESS then distributed the awards as apparatus. Messrs. Joseph Croafield and Son Ltd. sent follows :—Character costume and decorated machine their motor waggon which was nicely decorated. (gent.): 1, P.Stirock,Newton Heath, "King of Spain:" and a miniature ship, the exhibit of the same firm,tossed 2, T. Sergeant, Garston, " Floral Stars." Character on a rough sea which, somehow, had been confined costume and decorated machine (lady) : 1, Mrs. M. within the limits of a decorated lurry. Burkill, Appleton, "Golden Angel ;" 2, Miss Lowe, After all, the cyclists have to be relied upon to , Liverpool, Shower of Spangles." Decorated machine furnish the most interesting sections, and Saturday's (lady or gent) : 1, T. Jackson, Tyldesley."Handyman;" demonstration was particularly strong in this respect. 2, Miss Davies, Heatley, "Queen of the Harvest," Most One rather sympathised with the judges who werecalled original costume (lady): Miss Whitney, Warrington, upon to discriminate in a display so uniformly good. "Stamp Queen." Gent: E. Battersby, Liverpool, Ingenuity, artistic taste, a sense of the humorous—all "Work of Art." Comical get-up: 1, S,/ Ease- had been brought to bear in the characters which passed wood, Newton Heath, "Taking him home; before the spectators with kaleidoscopic effect. Of 2, 1 Throssel and another, " 1904 Motor Car." course there is i marked professional element nowa- Largest turnout in costume : Royal C.C. (Mr. days in these parades. The same competitors repeatedly D. L. Owens, secretary). Fancy costume and make their appearance, but generally each time in a decorated machine (boys under 10): 1, J. M. Hopkins, new and perhaps more attractive garb. Were it not for Latchford, "Herald:" 2 Stanley Watkins, Warrington, the people from other towns, however, it is very "King Charles I." Girls, 1, Miss Farnival, Warring- questionable whether so charming a spectacle ton, 'Cornflowers:" 2, Minnie Ingram, Warrington, would have been presented to the public. Local "Spanish Lady." Character costume on foot (gentle- clubs were well represented and it speaks well for the men): 1, T. Critchley, Warrington, "Robin Hood:" willingness of the members to assist deserving causes 2, Hy. Walker, Liverpool, 'Silver Cake Walk that they turned out in such strong force and went to Queen." Ladies: 1 Miss Crowley, Liverpool, no little trouble in decorating their machines and "Eastern Dancer;" 2, Georgina Bothwell, Wool- obtaining fancy costumes. Of the charactersworthy of ton. "Pansies." Comical costume on foot (gent) : special mention. Mr. E. Battersby, of Liverpool. won Frank White, Warrington, "Sunny Jim on Stilts." particularly high encomiums. His "Work of art" was Original costume on foot (gent) :__ Stanley Brown, Man- what it claimed to be. The ornamentation of the cheater, "Zulu." Lady: Miss Goodwin, Warrington, bicycle was artistic in the truest sense and as the whole "Indian Huntress." Horseback turnout: 1, Jas. Wood, scheme was designed and executed by Mr. Battersby he Warrington, "Blue Beard ." 2, Horace W. Beddard, is to be congratulated upon his handiwork. The bicycle Warrington, " Cavalier " Vehicle tableaux :1, Warring-

===== 0002601_19030912_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' Zl, ,U4410Y.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OFFICIALS.

A more energetic and efficient baud of cacials than those who were responsible for the arrangements it would be impossible to find. The Mayor, of course, was elected to the presidency, and the Mayoress fulfilled the duties of president of the lathes' auxiliary. Miss Fairclough, Gatesgazth, Latchford,'was a capable hon. secretary of the ladies' auxiliary; Mr. Edwin Bradshaw rendered valuable,assistanceas hon.treasurer of the local fund, and in Mr. Stanley Wilson, 'a painstaking hon. secretary was found. A special mead of praise must be accorded to Mr. Wilson upon whom arduous duties de- volved and were performed most admirably. Mr. D. Davies worked hard as chairman of the General Com- mittee and other useful officials were :—Chairman of the Prize and Novelty Committee, Councillor Wilkin- son hon. secretary, Mr. H. B. Houghton ; Chairman of the Finance Committee, Mr.J. H. Smethurst,hon. secre- tary, Mr. J. Pickles; Chairman of the Collectors' Com- mittee, Councillor John Roberts", hon. secretaries. Messrs. W. Holbrook and J. A. Brookes ; Chairman of the Entertainment and Bands Committee, Mr. E.Picka- vanoe, jun., hon. secretary, Mr. E. A. Sanders: Chair- man of the Printing and Advertising Conimittee, Mr. D. Davies, hon. secretary, Mr. G. T. Bibby; Chairman of the Marshals' Committee, Captain ' Waring, hon. secretary, Mr. G. Morris; judges, Mr. C. Hughes, Liverpool, Mr. J. Ward Dale, Seacombe, Mr. J. B. Cornwall, Liverpool, Mr. F. T. Parry, Liver- pool; Judges' Steward, Mr. E. Pickavance, jun. Those who had the pleasure of attending the concert would recognize the good work done by Mr. E. Pickavance, jun., chairman, and Mr. E. A. Sanders, hon. secretary of the Entertainment Committee, who had gone to no little trouble in arranging such an excellent programme.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROCEEDS.

The total proceeds cannot yet be ascertained,but it is roughly estimated that they will amount to a little over £3OO. It is intended to hand over about £250 to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and the balance will be retained as a local fund to be available for future demonstrations. SPECIAL SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. •

A special service was held in St. Paul's Church on Sunday evening, when a collection was made in aid of the funds of the Lifeboat Institution. There was a large congregation, and hymns appropriate to the occa- sion weresung. The choir gave an excellent interpre- tation of the hymn "Sun of my soul," which was sung as an anthem. The sermon was preached by the Vicar, the Rev. W. Bracecamp, from the words They used helps."—Acts xxvii., 17. In appealing for funds for the Lifeboat Institution, the preacher said they could spend their hundreds on a football match ; indeed, in one town very often, on a Saturday afternoon, the sum of from £4OO to £5OO was taken at the gate. He was not saying a word against football, bat svrely they had got their heads screwed on right, and if they were willing to give £4OO or £5OO for pleasure, they ought to be prepared to give something to those who were willing to sacrifice their all for 'the sake of their fellow-men. The first lifeboat was, he believed, built in 1785, and ever since that time God had stirred up the hearts of various men to build other lifeboats, and now we had a considerable number. Still more were required, and they could not get them because they could not get the money. If, however, some of their friends who were so fond of football would give up the receipts in aid of infirmaries and other similar institutions what a grand example they wouldset ! He believed the grand old town would show to other towns even larger than herself that she did well on Saturday. The collection amounted to .£8 Bs. 9d. THE STOCKTON HEATH PROTEST.

At a meeting of the Prize and Novelty Committee last evening under the presidency of Councillor Wilkin- son, a protest lodged by Stockton Heath Club against the award of the prize for the largest turnout in cost- ume to the Royal Club was considered. After hearing the statements of Mr. Mao Alpine (Secretary of the Stockton !Heath Club), and Mr. J. Newton (Assistant Secretary of the Royal Club) it was decided that the Royal Club should retain the prize. The Chairman, however, offered to give a consolation prize to the Stockton Heath organization.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL UNDERTAKINGS AND

DEPRECIATION.

The report on the Glasgow Corporation telephones is, says "Engineering," the first which gives a financial statement for a complete year. Some of its statements are, no doubt, gratifying to the advocates of municipal telephones in Glasgow, and we find that at the end of May of the present year the number of completed in- struments had reached the good total of 9,122, which by a curious coincidence is identical with the number of instruments in use on the London Post Office system. But there is only left, after all charges are met out of gross income, the sum of £1,694 is. 81d., and the committee, adding this to a "surplus " of £399 7s. 10A. ~:brought forward from last year. proposed that the total of £2092 9s. 7d. should be carried •into a general reserve fund. No allowance whatever has been made for depreciation, and the auditors, a firm of accountants of very high standing in Glasgow, make a report, attached to their certificate of the correctness of the accounts, which contains the following statement:—" We have to point out that no depreciation has yet been provided for, nor has any portion of the sum standing at the debit of preliminary and general expenses, in capital account been written off out of revenue. . . . In our opinion the time has now come when the canvassing expenses should form a charge against revenue." One would have thought continues "Engineering," that, coming before the Council with proposals on which such strictures had been passed by the professional accountants, the chairman of committee would have shown cause why his proposals should be accepted in spite of these objections; but this he did not attempt to do. Having once stated the proposal recommended in the report, he simply added that "whether this course should be I adopted, or whether it should be applied to depreciation was a point which he would leave in the hands of the Council." But bad finance and condemnation by account tants is as nothin,76 to the average town councillor, compared with the dread of showing a deficit in any of the trading concerns of his municipality; and so all criticism was brushed aside and the report adopted by a large majority. It will be remembered that the Post Office license to the Corporation only extends to Decem- ber 31, 1913, at which date, or as soon as may be thefe- after, " the Postmaster-General shall buy, and the local authority shall sell," the undertaking at the " fair market value" at the time of transfer ; which will be very much lessthanithe capital sum which has been expen- ded on the plant. Only two items need be mentioned. ltappeared in the discussion that the telephone engineer had been asked to state what he considered the fair period for the life of a switchboard, and had put it at ten years; so that one item alone, of £lO,OOO the cost of the present switchboard, should, on that basis, be wholly written off by 1913. Another point worthy of special notice is that the plant was largely bought at the time when there was a commercial boom, and prices were high, so that copper and iron alone cost 20 per cent. more than they do at present. This was shown by one councillor (Bailie Burrell) to represent a fall in value already of £ll,OOO. But the Corporation—or, at least, the majority—profess to believe that they are putting aside enough for all these items in their pay- ments to the sinking fund.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

ENDING SEPTEMBER sth, 1903.

, Duringl the week, the following Births and Deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District births, 40 ; deaths, 21. The:excess of births over.deaths was 16. The birth-rate was equal to 309. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 19.8 per 1,000, against 13.7 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 168 the corresponding period of last year. The d'euth-rate from the 4 seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 54 per 1,000, against 5.3 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against IP3 the corresponding period of 1902. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-91 65—up. Total 3 10 4 24

The deaths included 2 from measles, 1 from whoop- ing cough, 4 from diarrhoea, 1 from phthisis, 1 from cancer, 5 from lung diseases 2 from heart diseases, 1 from accident, 7 from all other causes. rThe following cases of infectious disease have been eported during te week :—Scarlet fever 8 cases, enteric fever, 2 cases.

Total number of patients in hospital week ending sth September. 40. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 59 Fah., and therefore three degrees higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 76 F., was recorded on the 13th just, and the minimum temperature 46 F.,. on ti 3rd bast The rainfall measured '95 inch. The general direc- tion was S.W.W.

J. GUEST GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS VOLUNTEER'S DEATH, Accident at Camp.

Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, held the inquest a,t St. Helens Town Hall, on Monday on James Miller, aged thirty-three, of 18, Gladstone-street, who died on Sunday morning from injuries alleged to have been caused while working in the camp of the 2nd Lancashire Royal Engineers (Volunteers.) Captain Sayce acting adjutant, attended. Mrs. Miller said her husband went with the regiment to camp on August 2nd, and returned on the following Sunday. He told her he had hurt himself on the Wed- nesday, and when he went to the doctor he was told it was only slight.—The Coroner: Who was the doctor? —lnspector Goodall: I believe it was Dr. Monks. Lieutenant Haslam Fax, who was in charge of deceased's company, produced a model of the work the men were engaged on at the time of the accident. Sergeant Sefton explained to the jury by means of the model that a trestle bridge had been erected, and projected for soma distance on to the shore. The com- pany were detailed for barrel piering, which consisted of lashing barrels together to form a raft on which to construct a bridge. The men marched on to the bridge, and, in order to get quickly down on to the sands, they went down a rope from the bridge. Witness went first, and when he got down he held the rope while the men came down. Before they had all descended he left the rope in charge of Corporal Livesey, but it didnot seem to be known who was holding it when deceased-came down. Just as he got his weight on to the rope itiwent slack, and Miller banged with his side up against the end of one of the planks. Lieutenant Fox said he watched the men come down the rope. About fifty descended. In two cases a couple- of men were on the rope together. Sapper Miller was an enthusiastic, hard-working Volunteer, and he got on the rope before the preceding man had got clear, and when the man jumped off the rope it went slack, and Miller's ribs caught on the end of the planks. He did not complain until later in the week. The Coroner said it was a simple matter. Dr. Knowles had certified that it was only a slight fracture. It was well known that people could knock about with a frac- tured rib without knowing that they had seriously in- jured themselves. Captain Sayce expressed the regret of Colonel Murray and the officers and men of the corps at the sad accident and said the circumstances had been reported to the officer commanding the district, and the corps would do all they could for the widow.' The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental deathi" and expressed their appreciation of the kind promige made by Captain Sayce.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Music in the Park.

Weather permitting, the stand will be occupied by- Crosfields' prize band to-morrow (Sunday). The fol- lowing programme of music will be rendered : March, "Honest Toil," W. Rimmer ; grand fantasia, "Joan of Arc," H. Round; selection, Mercadante," H. Round; chorus, "Worthy is the Lamb," and "Amen," Handel:; selection, 11 Seraglio," Mozart ; hymn, " Sabbath," W. Halliwell ; "God Save the King." Conductor, Mr. W. Halliwell. bandmaster, Ist V.B.M.R. Wigan Rifles.

===== 0002601_19030912_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
Ambulance Competition.

The annual competition for the -Argenta Ambulance Challenge Cup took place on Saturday at the parade. ground at the Blackpool Police station. There were 15 entries, the competing teams being from Preston Accrington, Lancaster, Warrington, Brierfield,Nelson, Kendal, Radcliffe, Rochdale, Crompton,Bacup,Rawten- stall, Buxton, Dukinfield, and Birclafield (Derbyshire). The judges were Surgeon-Major Massinghain and Dr. Wheelton Hind, both of Stoke-on Trent. The compe- tition which was conducted in private, occupied close upon eight hours, each team taking nearly half an hour for their test. which comprised examinatione both theoretical and practical in first aid work. At the close, of the competition the judges announced that the winners of the Argenta Cup were Brierfield, and the Mayor of Blackpool formally presented the cup. and a gold medal as well to each member of the win- ing squad.

===== 0002601_19030912_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
t 0 L D STREET WESLEYA.N CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SRPTEMBER 13th. At 10.30—Rev. G. if. OARNSON. At 6.3o—Rev. It. WILKIN% All welcome Hymn books provided. 154WSEy ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY 1 SEPTEMBER 13th. At 10.30—Rev. R. WILKINS RUES. At 6.3o—Mr. JOHN UPSON. Hymn books provided.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lessAhan half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Plaine, 30s, Guaranteed. M ACDONALDS IPAINLESS SYSTEk A Household Word, MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 401. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CFIURCH-ST, AT WANLA.B6ES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, n to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYB,I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

GOLBORNE STREET BAPTIST CHURt.,II WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 13th. PREACHER: Rev. T. HOLEHOUSE. (Blind Preacher.) MORNING 10.45. EVENING 630, ----- All Seats Free. Hymn Book provided. "WARRIIN GI ON P.S.A.-TO-MORROW (SUN- DAY), SEPTEMBER 131 H, 1903. OPEN MEETING IN THE CO•OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY STREET. SPEAKER: REV. J. F. MATTHEWS. CHAIRMAN: W. H. SHE itBURN Esq. SoLoisT : MR. R. WOOD. are Welcome. Ladies Invited. Collection. *EC°N.D ANNUAL WARRINGTON EISTEDDFOD, PARR HALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 28TH, 1953. Male Choirs, Mixed Voice Choirs, Children's Choirs, Quartets, Solos and Pianoforte Competitions. b WORKS GLEE COMPETITION. 12 to 16 'V °ices. yilabus now ready, price Id. Apply to R. W. COOK, 7. Leaden street, Warrington.

PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. GI-RAND "SUNNY SOUTH" BAZAAR TO BE HELD IN WORKINGMEN'S MISSION SCHOOLS, THRWLIS STREET, OFF LIVERPOOL-ROAD, 02i STH, 6TH, AND 7TH, NOVEMBER 1903. 13"CREDS IN AID OF NEW CHAPEL FUND. S, PAU L'S CHURCH-, WARRINGTON. TO-MORVIRDA-T, DAY SCHOOL SERMONS, --OW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 13.ra 1903. Filr-AcRER 10.30 0,1. REV. MORLEY STEVENSON. 2'3° 1"•34. (CHILDREN'S FLOWER SERVICE), THE VICAR. e'sa P 34. REV. J. WRIGHT-WILLIAMS, OF F LENwOBTH. ItAVEN INN HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY, The TWErcr &LA ZEBURY. sivru -TY-SEVENTH ANNUAL SHOW will be held siva\ _ RDA-Y SRPTEMBER 26th, SUNDAY 27th (exci u- apibtOd IitIONDAY 28th. Admission Id. GREENALL 's .A.LING ALES. WINES and SPIRITS of the finest Choice Cigars. JOHN CLOUGH. Proprietors. MISS BESWICIC WILL RE-COMMENCE HER won CLASSES FOR DRESSM 4KING AND FANCY 1:141.0N THE FOLLOWING DATES. pAVSNIAXING CLASS. Wednesday September 30th. WORK—Evenin Class Tuesday tieptember FANno. WORK—Saturdify Afternoon, October 3rd. 1418 ETHEL SPINICS WILL RESUME HER locil CLASSES FOR DANCING AND PHYSICAL RDISES early in October at the CAIRO SIREET "OOLS October Wednesday Evening. October 14th; Saturday. Frodsham, Parish Room, o,3tober 15th. Lymml Plough Hotel, October 16th. Or further particulars apply to 4, SALISBURY STREET, Warrington.

rrHE FAMILY OF THE LATE JOHN A. GARTLAND DESIRE TO EXPRESS THEIR SIN- CERE THANKS for messages of sympathy in their late bereavement.

QIIOP AND WINDOW FITTINGS OF' EVERY k_i DESCRIPTION. brass or bronzed; Tailors' Blocks and Dummies; Dressmakers' Boxes and Stands.--J. YATES, Manufacturer, 21 Brownlow hill, Liverpool.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TRIMS for our Celebrated 108, 65. (to measure) TROUSBRS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid. 4,2ERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS I L. 7 Every workman should have on of HACIUB'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. ftpplication to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS mßde up 2/- per Oz. COVERLETTE 1 TAILS OF ) Fitom HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HALE. T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECE ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

READ, MARK. LEARN, SAVE 20 o/e. ?JOHN FRY AND CO., WHOLESALE SADLERS, 124, DALE STREET, LIVERPOOL. ARE the CONTRACTORS to the LIVERPOOL COR- PORATION for CART GEARtI and WILL SUPPLY the same QUALITY at the following prices, FULL SET SHAFT GEARS £6; COMPLETE SET CHAIN GEARS, £5 10s.

WARP.INOTON SCHOOL OF MUSIC, BOLD-STREET. WARRINGTON. )4,1,4r. ALFRBD R. SUTTON (Royal College of Music, Ch,Qertnany,)Professor of Voice Production (old Italian 'method). THE ART OF SINGING. PIANOFORTE AND COMPOSITION. xiltlon resumed on THURSDAY, September 3rd, 1903. sits Manchester every Wednesday and Thursday, 4F,?lisham every Friday. r _ 'or terrns, &c.. Apply to ALFRED R. SUTTON, 15, Croxteth- oad, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

UPON NY SOLE. I STAMP THE PRIOR IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Be. 6d. AND NO MORN FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTFIUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

PRWARRINGTON MUSICAL SOO iETY. ACTICES WILL BE RESUMED (FOR CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA) IN TIM TRINITY SCHOOL ROOM, .OIUSEUM-SIRERT. on TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 22rsio at 7.30. p.m. Intending new member's are asked to meet the Conductor at 7 o'clock. The programme for the first Concert on November 18th is a miscellaneous one, the Principal choral work included being—" HIAWAT rIA' WEDDING FRAST." Members are requested to provide thernsePres with copies before coming to the practice. The 'tusk; (price Is, id. each copy) may be obtained at Messrs. 11. H. PEARSON', Ltd., Bold street.. W. B. ATKIN, HON. SEC. 22, Bold street. Sept. 12th 1903.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR RHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMkTEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT LARGEST STOCK OF' NEW AND SECONDHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, RTC, IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY. POST FREE. THE AMATEuR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT 71. oXFOILD ROAD, NEAR ALL SAINTS' MANCHESTER.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFER, The best and cheapest ever offered to the PubllL Sold by all Grocers and Druggists,/ Clanistes 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. iNbAlesale by J. GPIDDRS AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOB ESTATILISHIM 1R33.

in aid Of THE WARRINGTON MUSICA.L SOCIETY'S FUNDS. PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. _FOUR GRAND STAGE-PERFORVIANCES of the GILBERT-SULLIVAN OPERA "THE YEO.MEN OF TEIE GUARD." (By permission of Mrs. D'Oyly Carte) LEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY Ic SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21sT, 22ND, 23RD, Lic 24TH, p 13R MEMBERS of the MUSICAL SOCIETY, ItITIILL CHORUS and ORCHESTRA. 17 COSTUMES and SCENERY. Further particulars in future announcements.

HARGRAyEs, TOBACCOS. HARGRAVES' CIGARS. 7T . OAp YEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY SWAN-9111T. MANCHRSTAR.

A. AND J. AILAINE, PAN, NBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Cloeks, Pictures, &c., (tc.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARS}A.INS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, /cc.. Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, /cc. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. MIAINE'S RICHMOND .E'REET, LIVERPOOL.

11°ROUGH GYNINASIUNI, PALNIYRA-QUARZ. INSTRUCTOR: Mr. J. KINSLEY. WILL RB-OPEN FOR THE SEASON On MONDAY NEXT. SEPTEMBER 11ITH. L410;b") CLASS.—Tue,clay & Thursday evenings. Fees, 7s, 6d ' CLASS,—Monday evening. Fees, 7s. 64. CHRT-L ',LASS —Monday and Friday evenings. Fees, ss. CLASS.—SAturdav mornings. Fees, 55, Id!' °°„n, September to May inclusive. 111 'lass for Boys under 17 years of age, Saturday itht 7.30

_ • _STri AFRICAN WAR MEDAL; AWAITING aluti—taoTßlßunoN —OWING to the FAILUIIII of MANY b° NOTIFY THEIR CHANGH Rof ADD t USS it has 'istriC"ri impossible. in a large number of instances, o who ute the medals gained in S nith Africa to those for the T., they have been prepared In the case of Infantry of Militia' and Volunteer Service Company of " The tteka.. (Liverpool Regimant) and the South Lancashire 130tifvitit• Men who have not received their metals should litot,slLheir addresses to the OFFICER COMMANDING 8/40TH "T 4-1. DISTRICTS, Orford Barracks. Warrington,

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. JTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the COM. " ~BdIssIONICRS APPOINTED to hold an INQUIRYra“! TRA.DING by PAST and PRESENT MEMBERS of Doerat-9UNCIL or Officials of the Corporation N w C with Cor: a „„ either direct or indirect, through Limited Corn- -5 Or Officials of such Companies, or as Contractors or w6fontractors, or any dealings or transactions of any kind toi;;Zrver between members of the Council or Officials of the 4tion and the Corporation will commence their oil WEDNESDAY NEXT the 16TH INSTANT at 11 Tori7` !a the forenoon at the TOWN HALL, WARRING- Wish, 5" NOTICE is further given that any PERSON resng to GIVE EVIDENCE or supply INFORMATION t;etweinct of any trading transactions of the Corporation Ist 1896 and Match 31st 1903 SHOULD SEND Vona " PsiT in a SEALED ENVELOPE addressed to the Ptdesioncrs at the Town Hall aforesaid ; and the Mayor a written indemnity to any witness, being an liy9Ys of the Corporation, and requiring it, in respect of terutliful evidence he may give. 4t d this 11th day of Sentember, 1903. Tow J LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. all Warrington. _ ..,;'''lPool4 AN—I) NORTH WALES.—REGULAR stem:, L'AILY SAILINGS (Sul:days included). 13y 'paddle- tilgiear " St. Tudno," daily (to 28th) leaving Prince Land- fße (weather and circumstances !permitting) at 10-45 tetur .c't Llandudno Beautnaris, Bangor and Menai Bridge Pit 44410nR from Menai 'Bridge at 3.10 p.m. and [Llandudno Rzti. Pen,. due in Liverpool 70 p m. at !' Week End Sallin,s Saturday 12th! St. Elvies !allow'', P.m. for Llandudno 'and Menai Straits returning °llud-MP Monday due in Liverpool 10.15 a.m. Every 1i,i5a37 Extra Sailing to Llandudno by P.S. Snowdon, at tiya M• Passengers return by St. Tudno at 4.40 p.m. 4xlesda"l'll'll• Last Isle of Anglesey of Season at 9.15 a.m. Altlsth September by St. Blviea due back 8 0 p.m. Or ed sailing% on and after September let. Vi'a.kall further information apply to the Liverpool and North thaol,teatriship Company, Ltd., T G Brew, Secretary, 40, ...011e0,'re ! Ptreet, Liverpool. Through Bookings Daily by :' Lines and on Sundays by Express Train leaving izino:„T_Rton at 9-45 p.m. Official Guide post free 3d. Week- and Boat inclusive from 21s. ALLAN LIN 11%-W CANADA, UNITED SYATES RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. rie°RlikAl% . ..... ..... ....... Quebec and Montreal Sep 17 0f....... St. John's N.F. Halifax Ai Phil Sep 19 2.,.I4•L.CUTTA...CaIcutta Sep. 21 41:14TRr'l ............... Quebec and Montreal I Sep. 24 ,00R-A•„AN ..... . ......... Monte Video 3; Buerirs Ayres Sep. 25 R&TES—To Canada, Saloon from £lO. Second £27 1014-1 105. ; Third Class £5 its. To India, £37 10s.and t_Por isaiikdorli•,..' 'Particulars apply to ALLAN'S 103,Leadenball etreet, 4.0... and 19, James-street. Liverpool.

ROBERT I OWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. DASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and SPcond-hand Fnrnitore and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnitute. &c., warehouse&

THROUGH LAKE-LAND /0 THE ISLE OF MAN. Express Fervice Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2 15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 a.m. Train in connection with stes.mer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10.55 11.715. Special. Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 24s Orl Trains run Third class and ‘74:00n 15s 6d alongside Third class at:4 Fore Cabinlls 6d Steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares:— First-class and Saloon l9. 6d Third-class and Saloon 14s Od Third-class and Fore Cabin 108 Oct This journey may be breken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes). Furness Abbey or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICR.—The magnificent express steamers "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE " and "DUCHESS OP BUCOLEUCH " will be on tba service during the season. Tourist ;note book post free 2d.—YAMES LITTLE 8: CO., Barrow.

ICE !MICE ! ! ICE! ! ! THE WARRINGTON PURE ICE CO. ARE PREPARED TO SUPPLY ARTIFICIAL LE OFIBEST QUALITY, IN LAROR OR SHALLUQUADITITIR !FACTORY:: JOHN STREET, WARRINGTON.I

SPECIALITIES THIS WEEK. HARRIS WILTSHIRE BACON. SLATTERY'S NOTED MISR BACON. PURE CEYLON TEA. SCOTCH DUNLOP CHEESE. BD. PER LB. PRIZE DAIRY BUTTER AT 'ASHLEY'S, 61, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

PHONOGRAPH RECORDS. REDUCTION AT WADSWORTH'S. GOLD MOULDED EDISON Is. 6D. EACH, COLUMBIA X.P. THREE FOR 4s. FREoH ARRIVALS. WADSWORTH'S, PIANO DEPOT. 59, SAMMY ST., WARRINGTON.

THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE' EMPIRE THE ~ THE EMPIRE f EMPIRE THE FURNISHING 1,J0., THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THE THE C-on - M., !MANCHESTER. Business EMPIRE hours: 9 Lin: to 9 p.m.; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE EMPIRE THE p,m, ; Wednesday 1 p.m. Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE THE e will THE W make your home cosy enough EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE on our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. 1 THE EMPIRE Intending Purchasers would do well t° EMPIRE THE EMPIRE w THEspEcr OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth: Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO lee. THE EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down " by request " at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE,7 - THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE Corner of Milton Street. , THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purchaser, from districts where! this TM B EMPIRE i(paper is circulated.) EMPIRE

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDEP 1710. FUNDS IN HAND £2,386,639, For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs. Wooes & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21. King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street

T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER' OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY, FANCY GOODS, FIRE SCREENS, PURSES, ALBUMS ac., PICTURE-FRAMING, BOOK-BINDING.tAND PRINTING DONE TO ORDER AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN nENERAL A.SSURANCIC SOCIETY.

UPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING SCHOIII. FOR BOY. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D S RENNARD. B.A.

KNIGHTSVILLH LA.DIES" COLLRGE, Brockley, SAL (Recognised by Board of Education). STUDENT re- quired. Exceptional advantages.

NATARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Fyle, Black- pool ; excellent education ; happy home ; sea and country air.—Principal, Miss ROG RRSON,

Q CHOW, FOR GIRLS.--Ryton Fields, Dorrington,Shrevre- -10 bury. Principal Mrs J W Houra. The Autumn Term wtil begin on Monday. September 21st, 1903.

LIALE, CHBSTilliti.—Park Rouse Day and Boarding SLhool for Younz La-lies. Vacancies for boarders and K.G. Students. The School re-opens September Bth, U'' SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL F.)R BOYS. T. ISFIBKWOOD, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., Principal.

IRLS' HOMIt SCHOOL—Loving care ; every attention. k_X Highest refer.nces. Preparation for Examinations.— Principals—THE MISSES Lincox, Sidney House School, Shrewsbury, Autumn term will begin September 17.

110LME NATIONAL SCHOOL.—Assistant Mistress, ex- Pa'. Art. 50, Wanted for Infants' Class, about 30 scholars; commence Ist September ; Churchwoman ; salary £5O, paid monthly. —Apply Vicsa, Holme, Burnley,

PRINGFIELD SCHOOL, West Kirby (Recognised by the Board of Education )—Day Girls and:Boarders. Vacancy for Studeat Mistress. Situated close to Marine Lake.—For prospectus apply to Miss WILSON. who will be at home after September 14.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH SCLIOO6 FOR GIRLS L near St. Annes-on—Sea.Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommt nation iligh-class Modern Education. Stan includes Residen, B.A. Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal: MliS IYAILLE N.

w EST KIRBY, CHESHIRE.—GIRTON HOUSE 1' SCHOOL, BOARDERS AND DAY GIRLS. Princi- pals : Miss Floclax and Mis: BUTLER, Preparation for Exams. IV nein pupils for L.R.A.M. Deg. Recognised by the Board of Education. Games. Swimming.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificate,' and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LovELY-LINE Warrington.

MANCHESTER G RAMNI AR SCHOOL—FEE, Ea 48. PER TERM. N.B.—BOYS ENTRRINa OVER 14 YEARS OF AGE PAY £sss. PER TERM. THE NEXT TIARM BEGINS THURSDAY. SEPT. 17Trt. Entrance Examination. Wednesday,September 16th,at 9 a. m. PROSPECTUSES, FORS of APPLICATION, &cc., may he had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday. September 21st. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL—The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10Trt. THE HEAD MASTER WILL BE AT HOME TO INTERVIEW PARENTS ON WEDNESDAY, September 9th. NEW CHENEICAL LABORATORY, Btc. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS FROM 8 To 12 YEARS OF AGE. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

D LAU WE DURING THE LAST HALF CENTURY EVERYONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMBS HAS MADE A POINT OF CARRYING SOME DR. J.COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE SO AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMMEDIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF DIARRTICEN DYSENTERY. CHOLERA ETC. HOT WEATHER IS DUE IN THE BRITISH ISLES, AND EVERY-ONE SHOULD TAKE A LITTLE PRECAUTION. DON'T WAIT TILL YOU ACTUALLY WANT THE CHLORODYNE ; YOU MIGHT BE DRIVEN TO SENDING AN IGNORANT MESSENGER FOR THE MEDICINE YOU , REQUIRE, AND SOME SUBSTITUTE MIGHT BE PUSHED ON HIM. YOU WANT DR. J. COLLIS! BROW NE's C BLORODY NE.

J M GREENHALGiI & Co., CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS, DECORATORS, BEG TO INFORM THE PUBLIC THAT THEY HATE RECENTLY OPENED COMMODIOUS SHOWROOMS AT 138 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, WHERE THEY ARE DISPLAYING AN EXTENSIVE STOCK OF FURNITURE, CARPETS, LINOLE S. J. M. G. & CO., WISH TO CALL ATTENTION TO THEIR SPECIAL LINE IN LEVEE TURKEY CARPETS, AXMINSTER AND BRUSSELS BORDERED SQUARES AND STAIR CARPETS INLAID, PAINTED AND PLAIN LINOLEUM S.

PATENT "PEVERIL" FIRE GRATES. THE MOST CHEERFUL FIRE EVER INTRODUCED. POSSESSES MANY ADVINTAGES OVER THE ORDINARY STYLE OF GRATE. -JOSEPH S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRIN GT ON. LARGE STOCK OF WOOD CHIMNEY PIECES IN OAK, MAHOGANY, WALNUT, ETC.

EDWIN PRYOR WAND SON 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, J EWEL.ERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (By ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OP EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PIM OHM. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old fold and Silver Antiques. Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. ilfEopey advance on Jewellety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ao., to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE :CLOCK, BRIDGE! STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGESTMBOOT WAREHOUE IN THE COUNTY. ilOO.OOO PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOE. IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

JUVENILE SUITS ) FROM M.C,D. NEW DESIGNS 2/9 M.C.D. YOUTHS' SUITS ) FROM FASHIONABLE CUT. C 8/6 M.C.D. MEN'S S UITS ) FROM M.C.D. LATEST STYLES. 18/6 • ci d'Ats M.C.D. • M C,D. ALL THE NEWEST STRIPES AND FANCY PATTERNS. M.C.D. M.C.D. THE M.C.D. BESPOKE DEPARTMENT. MEN'S SUITS TO MEASURE 'FROM 141 ANCH 1-4 STER CLOTHING DEPOT, 3, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPCOL, FRAMs MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, c. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHO.COGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. • A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

A. GOOD STINGING BACKACHE. The sort that prevents a fellow from sitting up, lying down, or standing upright—one that gives hi an the creeps when he either moves or sits still—is the most natural way the kidneys have of making their presence felt if they have been over-worked, and have not had the necessary assistance during their extra exertion. It is most important that the kidneys do their work easily and thoroughly. If they lag, the whole system of the body is at once affectei, and unless assisted, the stinging baekache is the result. Hor all kidney arfe tions—Gravel, Lumbago, Catarrh of the Bladder, Pains in the back and limbs— KEATE'S • KIDNEY PILLS GIVE SPEEDY RELIEF. PRICE 1/11 ?ER BOX. SOLE AGENTS :- BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, WITO SELL AT THE 91 REDUCED PRICE OF 2D. 126, BRIDGE STREET, } WARRINGTON, 5, BRIDGE STREET, TELEPHONE No. 120.

0 ,ÜBLIN.—GARDINER PRIVATE HOTEL BOARDING , 110USB, 28 Gardiner's place.—Excellent rooms ; central; moderate ; comfortable.

DOUGLAS.—GRAND ROTHE, Facing Sea, under new management ; entirely renovated ; every comfort and convenience ; low tariff.—Proprietors, YATES BROS. & CO.

DOUGLAS.—" GA.RSIDE'S BROOKWOOD," Central Promenade. Absolutely finest position on sea front. Late dinners. Terms 58. 6d. to 6s. 6d. per day.--..T. GARSIDE

ILFRACOMBR.—THE GRANVILLE. Ist Class Boarding Establishment. Magruficent situation and sea views, Comfort and good cooking. Bijou guide gratis.—W. R. FOSTER, Proprietor. LANDUD3O.—West End BOARDING ESTABLISH - IA MENT. Bright and homelike. Charmingly situated. Close to beach, pavilion and pier. Highly recommended. Moderate terms.—Bi B GUAGE.

TriGLAS EMPIRE BOARDING HOUSE, Castle Mona Central Promenade; close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; tram passes door ; terms ss. 6d. to 6s. per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

PORTRU (for Giant's Causeway).—Golf links, boating, fishing, bathing. Seaside, North Ireland. Dry, bracing atmosphere. Atlantic breeze,, Rooms, service, meals, 355. to 425. a week inclusive. The White House Hotels, Central and Windsor, Portrush, co. Antrim. Write for Booklet.

141DINBURGH.—ROBINSON'S Popular THIVEPERANCH 11 HOTELS, 31, Lothian road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandwick Place, both near the famous Princess street. Bach Hotel under go-ahead Rochdale management. —Address Ronmos, to the Lothian Road Hotel, and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HovrE COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABERYST WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room an.l Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 2i guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from 58. Table d'Hote at 6.60 o'clock. For TARIFFS Ac., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

OCUTHPORT. 'TAY ES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

AT EWBRIGHTON INTENDING :VISITORS TO ABOVE WOULD DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT WEBSTERS, CATERERS S.: REFRESIIMENTILCONTRACTORS, 13 AD 15 VICTORIA ROAD, (NEAR THE PIER). WHERE TERMS CAN BE ARRANGED TO SUIT ALL CLASES• SCHOOLS PARTIES, FACTORIES (LARGE OR SMALL) SPECIALLY CATERED FOR. PRIVATE APARTMENTS, WRITE AT ONCE FOR TERMS.

NO FINES.—NO SURETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tradespeople, farmers &c., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonable interest AND EASY RIIPA.Y ENTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to H. WOLFE & CO., 4, PARKER ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours: 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to. Head Office: 9. CoRPoRATIoN BT, MANCHESTER.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, .£5O, £lOO. ADV AN CE S MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householdets, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at tilts A.o(lieoe Twenty years.

, M ONEY LENT DAILY FROM £3 TO £5OO To Shopkeepers, Farmers, Market Gardeners, Hotel Keepers, Tradesmen, andlto all( responsible Householders worthy of credit (male or female), upon borrower's Note of Hand alone, with or without sureties, Amount borrowed and interest combined can be repaid as follows :- 23, Note of Hand, 1/3 week £25 Note of Hand, 5/- week £5. 11 2/- „ £5O .. 10/- „ £lO, „ 3/- „ £lO3 .. 20/- , Larger amounts in proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Pay- ments taken ; other terms can be arranged. Capital can remain at interest only. Interest lower than any other lender in the district. All transactions strictly private, and straightforward business dealings guaranteed, No bona-fide application refused. Distance no object. No publicity. No delay. Prompt attention to all inquiries, either personally or by letter, absolutely free of charge. Intending borrowers should write or call for terms of application, and compare our terms. Apply to any of the following addresses : MUTUAL ADVANCE AND !INVESTMENT SOCIETY, 82, MILL-STREET, CREWE; 19, QUEEN-STREET, WREXHAM •' and 31, CHERTHAM HILL-ROAD, MAN- CHESTER. Registe-ed Offices

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE. (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS, (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIES REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. A. Al AYER, MANAGER. CORPORAIION STAE ET BUILDINGS, CORPORATION STREET, WARRINGTON.

4.4 44 '44 44 • 44. 44 44 + 114 44P Ei PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &C. ÷ )-Y-4 A FOR BEST SELECTION AND 14, $1- UTMOST VALUE, FURNISH AT prl e A .14*,,, A. • a 4 0.14 Established 1815. Tel. 1 l 21. fteiAPPGWESTER I whlse Stock for Magnitude and 44 . Variety stands unrivalled. 1-7-4 ' Pitts's Furnishing Guide Contains SOO Artistic Designs 44 priced, and ought certainly to 44 be hi the hands of every young couple starting housekeeping 1.-;:4 and others refurnishing. „TA, Gratis, Post Free. Cash Quotations only. 44 op Easy Payments to per cent. extra. 4.4 44 London Rd. & Caythorn. 44 q. 4 )14 tit:- 44 44. .14 4-4 44 -'414 44. GENIUS: AN INFINITE CAPACITY FOR TAKING PAINS. Such was Oarlyle's definition, but there are people who do not agree with the late Seer of Chelsea. They consider that genius is that particular attri- bute which enables its possessor to do with apparent ease what requires an infinite capacity for taking pains on the' part of ordinary individuals to accomplish. ITTS'S DO NOT PROFESS TO BE GnBIUSES, but no one can gainsay our infinite • capacity for taking pains. We have a reputation for thoroughness. It is by the constant and persevering ex- ercise of this quality that we have built up our business from a mere nothing OVER HALF A CENTURY AGO to its present vast dimensions; in fact, oar fondness for doing things thoroughly is so highly appreciated by our numerous customers that they are never tired of advising their friends to patronise us. Ripon street, Blackburn. Sir,—The Furniture arrived on Friday last at Dunferm- line (Scotland), in good condition, without a scratch on it. We sae well pleased.—Yours. eke.. L.S. Paradise-street. Bury. Dear Sir,—l am pleased to say the Suite I bought front' your firm has given every satisfaction.—Yours truly, R. W. PTTTS'S MODEL HOUSE OF FURNITURS can be inspected daily at London. Road ONLY. It camprises Dining, Drawing, and Three Bedrooms. Kitchen. and Scullery, replete with all essential articles, NSW artistic and substantial, for 230 guineas, or any article sold separately. Also TEIIiRS SPISCLMSI FURNISHED ROOMS, Dining, Drawing, and Bedroltn, at 100 guineas each, acknowledged by all who have seen them to be remarkably well designed and executed, and really surpris- ing value. Fall details post free. PITTS'S RENOWNED ROUSES OF VIVI- -11/ TURE at 151. 421. 281, 381. 50. 75, 100. 200 UP to I'ooo guineas, excite everyone's wonder and admiration. THEY STAND UNRIVALLED. Full particulars post free. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCEIESTEE. LONDON ROAD (Ardwick and Lousight Oars). GAYTHORN (all City Road Oars pass doors). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124..

MAKES THE SKIN asSOFT as thos //' VELVET sso Re-mac-es all F? OUGHNESS., • REDN ESS, HEAT, IRRITATION,TAN,andI KEEPS THE SKIN SOFT, SMOOTH, and, WHITE ALL THE'IZAR ROUND. Deli9htfullg COOLING & REFRESHING durin.9 the summer Bottles,6 d (post free,B cl ),1/-,1/9, and 2/6 eacit• M.BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenhain_j

'4 ,iieLdIVA ) 21.), ~,,-,..- - ore thefißeg , f,t_ 7 .., ..,...„;„:„.1). roe volue. if\ • A. E3rtto.h agars I 4 -1..:-.,-..,..:,- 1, obt-aLß6ble 4,-:;_,,,.„-:' ?--t , .:. Ass% 'CVa& A"' .... 'IL' •1:-.4.-,t\ . ' e. 1 I eZ•,;-:%‘..• :-., etss , , . • ~...,- . - ,I.V14;,,•::!. —IF. boxes of 50 ,----.-- •.s -r-.7-- ;- , w opg eac.....'...-:..,i).••,'-i- --:=7--.---.7.,.., • k•ir.._„ -1;',A50.---- AVISS 13Q05. IP COVENTRY _

AGENTS Joseph Beswick, Horsemarket St., WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun. Top Locke, Runoorn. S. JEAvONS. 21, George Si., St. Helens. CULSHAW, 38 Bur mongb St. Ormskirk. AND OF ALL TOBACOONIRTB.

CHARLES WOLF'S Gents' Solid Gold Alberts from 25/- each. Warranted. Engagement & Wedding Rings ' A SPECIALITY. WHEN IN LIVERPOOL VISIT CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Watchmaker & Diamond Merchant, ONLY ADDRESS: 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Marvellous TALKING MACHINES O)L\ \ All kinds. I(,'' • Archer & Sons ,- ' 40i's 5 St. Ceorge's Crescent _ ...0,..-- Castle _ _ __..,.,—.... ......-,- ._-, - ow' Liverpool -_---- _-- 41- _ TO • - ,-

FOOTBALL. . Dawson received his conge, though they had for some time exercised more power in the pack. Houghton had a try at goal two-thirds of the way, but missed, and the game ended, leaving Runoorn the victors by 2 goals F'al BA LLIZRS will be OA t 5 know that the world-fanA and 2 tries (10 points), to 1 goal (2 points.) rnaf,utamurf-rF, GK.? Sli. Bus.Er & Cu , , I Loudon, turn i . ‘Z out Bat b , W Web .o quOiry, uniformity, and dur,bi;ity are : WIDNES v. BRADFORD. unique. These balls will be distinguished by the anufAr4nPe ; Played at Widnes, before 2,000 spectators. The start thereon of their well-known trade mirk. Ask the boat Sports ; was delayed for, forty-five minutes owing to the late Dealer fo, 0. 4. B. & Co.'s Price List. If not procurable. arrival of the Bradford team, who had missed the con- apply to 36 end 38, Queen Victoria Street, London. Faca,ry . —Peckham. 13.8. (63.) nection at Warrington. ' Bradford.—Ward, back; Sinton, Mosby, F. Coofier, and Dechan, three-quarter back; Marsden and Surman, half backs; Laidlaw, Turner, Barker, Rees, Sharratt, Grayson, Smailes and Upton; forwards. Widnes.—Hudson, back; Peacock, Brown, Tilley, and Barber, three-quarter backs; A. Taylor and Laney, half backs; Aspey, Cockram, Leyshon, Lynch, Webster, Power, McDonald, and Rigby, forwards. Referee, Mr. P. F. Farrar (Halifax). Touch judges Messrs. T. Barnes (Warrington) and J. Graham (St. Helens). Widnes won the toss, and the Chemicals assumed the aggressive, Ward being sorely troubled to keep his lines secure. After the game had been in progress for about five minutes, Dechan intercepted a pass in his own "25," and running strongly evaded all opposition and scored a fine try behind the posts. Mosby had no difficulty in adding two more points. On resuming hostilities Widnes returned to the attaok, and a fine round of ',slang by the whole of the hacks ended in Peacock scoring at the corner flag. Tilley kicked a goal. Just before the interval Sinton received a pass from Mosby on the half- way line, and beating all his opponents scored underthe posts. Mosby added another goal. Half-time score : Bradford 2 goals, 2 tries (10 points), Widnes 1 goal, 1 try (5 points). On re-starting Bradford attacked, and a bad mull by the home custodian nearly resulted in Marsden getting over. Play settled down at the centre,and then Dechan gathered the ball in fine style aud scored from nearly the half-way line. Mosby placed a goal. A few minutes later, Mosby made a very tricky run and added another try. This time he failed to kick a goal. Just before the whistle blew Marsden scoreda fifth try, and Mosbyadded another goal. Result :—Bradford 4 goals, 5 tries (23 points), Widnes 1 goal, 1 try (5 points). SWINTON v. HUDDERSFIELD. Beautiful weather favoured the\opening of the season at Swinton, and 9,000 spectators witnessed a game full of interest from start to finish. In the early stages the visitors were penalised and Preston landed a goal. Succeeding this the Huddersfield team pressed strongly, their backs combined splendidly, and Winpenny was only tackled dn the line; a narrow escape for Swinton. Winpenny and Deere had extremely hard lines, and the climax of ill-luck came when the first-named dashed over only to be ruled in touch-in-goal. This experience again befel the dashing Yorkshire flyer, and Swinton were very lucky to lead at the interval one goal to nil. On resuming, Swinton had the benefit of the wind, and they quickly attacked. Three minutes from the re-start Albert Valentine scored between the posts after good work by Ryan and Taylor. Preston landed a goal, and shortly afterwards Bennett put on a second try for the home club, the result of a bull-dog rush by Evans. Preston added another couple of points. So far in this half Huddersfield had had the worst of matters,but they made no determined efforts to score, and Marsden at length dashed over, but Holroyd failed at goal. Result: —Swinton three goals, two tries (12 points) ; to Huddersfield one try (3 points). . HUNSIXT v. WIGAN. Hunslet opened the season in fine style against Wigan at Parkside. A neat bit of passing led up to Hunslet's first try. A. Goldthorpe transferred the ball to H. Whiteley. and from him it went to W. Goldthorpe, who unselfishly passed on the line to Hannah, who easily NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE. T scored. The kick at goal was a failure. Subsequently the Wigan custodian mis-fielded a high kick, and had 1 the mortification of seeing H. Whiteley put on-side and I score. The wind spoiled the kick at goal. Hereabouts FIRST DIVISION. 1 Hilton, one of the Wien forwards, was hurt,and though 1 he resumed he had again to retire' so that Wigan played a man short all through the second half. Before the in- WARRINGTON v. LEIGH. i t erval some bad passing by Brown let H. Whiteley in 1 for his second try. This time W. Goldthorpe tried at . _ goal, but without success. At half-time Hunslet were A Good Start. 1 leading by three tries (9 points) to nil. Hunslet added 1 Warrington opened the season with a match on the , advantage during the second half. Albert Gold- Wilderspool Enclosure, when Leigh were the visitors. I .lc foot h t forgotten its thorpe showed that isas no 1 to their a Fine weather favoured the fixture and a gate of 5,0001 i!n g by dropping a goal in the old-time manner, spectators assembled. The teams lined up as follows: cwhilstia little later he dashed over the line and scored Warrington.—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- from a pass by Jackson. At the close Hunslet had won son, and Brooks, three-quarter backs; Davies and Ed- by one goal four tries (14 points), to Wigan nil. moncLs,'half backs; Boardman, Morrison, F. Swift, J. BROUGHTON RANGERS v. LEEDS. Swift, Edmondson, Thomas, Cook, and Naylor, for- wards. a, Played at Wheater's Field, Broughton. Wilson kicked Leigh.—Pearson, back; Ganley, Bennett, Johnson and' 'off for the Rangers, who attacked, and Jenkins brought Neville, three-quarter backs Molyneux and Hilton, down Hogg on the very verge of the line. From the half backs • Boardman, W. Roberts,; J. Roberts,Shaugh- subsequent scrimmage, Hogg eluded Davies and Farrimond, and scored between the posts. Fielding, nessy, Blackburn, Webster, Clone, and Kelly, forwards. . Referee, Mr. B. Ashton, Werneth. Touch judges, the Broughton full back, was seriously injured, and retired for the remainder ef the game. Jenkins and Messrs. W. Yates, Swinton, and G. Robinson, Run- Grace between them just failed to score for the visitors. corn. A few minutes from the interval Ward tricked past It will be seen that the home team was without the Warwick and gave to Grace, who ran in near the posts. services of Harris, and the visitors had to take the field without Burgess, who had not sufficiently recovered Mosley added the goal points. Half-time :—Broughton from his injuries sustained at St. Helens. Bennett, the Rangers one goal one try (5 points), to Leeds one goal Leigh Captain, won the toss and elected to one try (5 points). On resuming, Widdeson scored for have, the wind behind him in the first half. Broughton at the corner, W. James failing at the place. the wind and sun, and Fish Jenkins, who had been playing left wing three-quarter, Dickenson kicked off against now went centre. Grace put in a capital individual responded wellito Bennett's reply,and,following up well, effort, and when he seemed certain to score he allowed floored Stanley nearly on the line. Leigh hadto defend, and 'Dickenson twice almost broke through. Fish a moment later kicked across, and the forwards seemed to f the h side Sam James failed. Result: the. ball to slip. Soon afterwards Widdeson scored again Or e home . ground the ball under the post, but the ball was hauled back, and a scrimmage was ordered. The game suddenly Broughton Rangers one goal three tries (11 points), to Leeds one goal one try (5 points). changed, for Bennett got away from a pack, and, passing OLDHAM v. HULL. to Johnson, the latter scored with the greatest of ease. At Oldham, Spottisvvoode beat the Hull defence with Molyneux failed at goal. A brief visit was made to Leigh quarters, but Molyneux, by a long kick, found a kick which carried the ball just behind the posts. Wilson, following up smartly, scored easily, Carpenter touoh in the home quarters. Edmunds broke away adding a goal. A fine effort by Hall was the next feature well, and dribbling by Brooks, Isherwood, and Boardman but he was indifferently supported, and the game was gained a large amount of ground, which was lost by a - I soon transferred to the visitors' quarter. The attack penalty. Johnson and Neville handled the ball badly ! t was kept up until Spottiswoode scored on the corner, and Brooks almost got in. Fish also in taking a cross i and very soon after he added another try. Both the kick from Dickenson, had the hardest of luck in not I kicks failed. Harrison started the second half, with scoring. Leigh again got away, and Hallam conceded Oldham holding the strong lead of 11 points to nil. a minor four times in quick succession. A disaster Things went well with the visitors in the third quarter. almost befell Warrington when Hallam slipped down in Their forwards played the kick and rush game with trying to field the ball, and Dickenson only knocked excellent effect, which took play well up to the home dead in the nick of time. Leigh were now having the line, and after Moxon had narrowly missed scoring, the best of the game, and Bennett and Johnson were almost ball went over to the other wing, and from a scrimmage over. Warrington worked their way gradually up the field, and a free kick, taken by Dickenson, was so well close on the line Parry got a short pass and dashed over. Goddard added a very fine goal from the touch followed up that Bennett was floored under the post. line. From this point Oldham kept the visitors con- Molyneux got Leigh out of their difficulties, but Isher- stantly on the defence. Phil Thomis dashed through wood and Fish again became dangerous. Pearson, , from a pass from Dixon, and the latter added another however, seemed very safe. Leigh again pressed, and I 1 unconverted try. Result: Oldham two goals five tries after Hilton had almost got through, Molyneux made a , futile drop at goal. Play now became rather dull, and( 19 porn te), to Hull one goal one try (5 points.) the new scrimmage rules came in for adverse comment, BATLEY v. SALFORD. as there was much time wasted in the attempts to put , At Mount Pleasant with the wind and slope in their the ball in. Half-time :—Leigh 3 points, Warrington I favour, the home side were the first to score, W. T. nil.' Davies, after a round of neat passing by F. Hodgson Molyneux restarted, and there was no reply. Hallam I almost let Warrington down the 'first minute by mis- , Spurr,and Fozzard, racing over in a fairly easy position for the goal shot. W. Davies however, missed the kick. fielding the ball, but Fish dashed up and kicked the I ball down the field when all seemed lost. Warrington 1 e The reds played up finely subsequently and just before the interval 'Thomas made matters even by registering worked their way along, and Isherwood kicked the ball I a try, which Browne did not improve upon. Thelicha,nce across, but it went dead. The game was almost con- tinuously in Leigh territory, but the defence could not of ends brought a change to the score, seeing that Lomas gained a penalty goal, and that a couple of tries be pierced. Edmunds was putting in some fine work, were added by Norris and Thomas, and to one of these but it came to nothing. A passing round between the Lomas added the necessary two points. Salford's full Warrington backs ended in Brooks being tackled at the! score was . a goals and Vries (13 points) to Batley 1 try quarter flag, and the same player misfielded the ball I 3 noints). when he had almost a clear field. Davies tried to get points). away on his own, but the road was barred HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v. HALIFAX. by Molyneux. At length Davies passed to Isher- The opening match of the season at the Kingston wood, and he to Fish, the latter scoringithe first try ; Rovers' ground at Hull was attended by fully 10,000 of the season foc Warrington.lThe same player failed at 1 spectators. Halifax won the toss, and though they goal. Johnson and Brooks came into collision, the exerted great pressure half-time came with the score former getting the worst of it. The game was delayed IsheetThlaak. The home forwards weat off at a great for some time, but the Leigh manwas unable to resume. ; pace after the resumption. Medley followed up a Isherwood gave a grand chance to Dickenson to score, ' cleverly judged punt by Barry, and put up the first try and the latter would have taken it but was ruled off-side. I for the Rovers. Starks failed at goal, but just after- Another score came unexpectedly. Isherwood got the , wards he landed a penalty. Halifax, through Williams ball from Davies, and passed to Fish. The latter ran to ! and Hadwen, made some vary determined onslaughts in the line, and, finding the way blocked, he passed back to 1 thehome " 25 "but Rigg proved a poor connecting link Isherwood, who scored, and Hallam kicked a goal. Most I more than once, and West ultimately placed the visitors exciting play followed, and a passing bout by all the 'on the defence again by kicking across the field to his forwards nearly resulted in Morrison scoring. Dicken- I forwards. The latter raced down andlad the Halifax son was now hurt, and had to go wing, Fish going centre, I line to themselves, but allowed Little to save the situ- and shortly after this Brooks distinguished himself by ation. Then West, Gordon and Sleep tried hard to add an exceptionally smart tackle of Hilton. Play continued to the home score, Halifax being quite worn down near very fast, and Edmonds and Dickenson combined well, ; the finish. Result :—Kingston Rovers 1 goal 1 try but Johnson brought the latter down before he got ; (5 points), Halifax nil. I dangerous. Warrington were penalised, but Cook and I the two Swifts regained all lost ground, and when the whistle blew immediate' afterwards Warrington were winners by 1 goal 2 tries (8 points) to Leigh 1 try (3 points)

KICK-OFF On September Ist, and every Saturday throughout the Season. WITH The Football King, - 9/6 T , First in the Field, n , First in Shape, ' Qr. A First in Quality, First in Durability, 122e9 i First in every way. or The League, - 8/6,._ The Centre Half, 7/6 \, , 01 N.,./ The Klynker, - 6/6 N._ - Junior League,- 5/- WEARING Flannelette Shirts, ' 2/3 each, 25/- per doz. 1 Malting Cloth, tar i- WA .• , , 2/9 each, 30/- per doz. 1 Indestructible, 3/6 3/6 each. 40/- per doz. In all colours, patterns or II designs, direct from maker to wearer. For size send size of ii.alar. , KNICKERS lE5r i Navy Serge or White, 1/6, ILO he' 2/6, 3/6, 4/6 per pair lii, :' + .'• ' Fit and style guaranteed. • 4', , . Send size round waist for il, t measure. AP: ' KICKING Irar . .1 with F. Sugg's Scot Boots,- - 10/6 -11 Shin Guards League, -- - 10/6 .' • (ALL LEATHER) Special Club, - 7/9 10id, 1/6, Im, Klynker, - - 2/6 & 2/11 Marvel, - - - 5/- For size send tracing of bare Per Pair. foot or size usually worn. THROUGH .--,9---0 s F. Sugg's Goal Nets ifir 'ft"::::::••,%;;:,h:f. Warranted absolutely the 'GOAL NETS Best made, 35/- and 411,- complete—ready for use. "Mention this Paper" when ordering or writing for Catalogue. NOTE.—The English Footatil Association and The Football League have selected and used our Goods. Shewing that F. SHOO is a practical man. la .'`.- 3,, u _ ~ . ~...., loi ' i' ~ ~ ~. T .1 .. AA , A 7.., .1: ~ •ir pip—pri a . br.4. ' f fitti , ,,,_-... INV 2.. ..., A. • '.,..

NORTHEgN RUGBY UNION. Meeting of the General Committee. The monthly meeting of the General Committee of the Northern Union was held at the Grosvenor Hotel, ; Manchester, on Tuesday evening, Mr. Robert Collinge I (Rochdale) presiding. Radcliffe Rangers asked per- mission to withdraw from the qualifying round of the Northern Union cup ties. This the committee decided to allow' subject to the club drawn against Radcliffe Rangers being agreeable. The Wigan and District Junior League was elected a member of the Northern Union. I It was resolved that clubs mutually agreeing to play 12-a side in friendly matches were quite in order. LANCASHIRE COUNTY MEETING. COUNTY TRIAL "MATCH TO BE PLAYED AT WARRDIGTON. Following the meeting of the General Committee, the Lancashire County Union Committee met under the chairmanship of Mr. R. Collinge (Rochdale). The Dalton White Star F.C. and the Wigan and District Juniors' League were admitted to membership of the Union. Mr. A. Edwards, referee in the match Radcliffe Rangers v. Mara Soap Works, reported J. Foden of the former club, and W.tCrippin of the latter, for using bad language to him. Each of the players named was sus- pended up to and including September 19th. It was resolved to play the County trial match at Warrington on October 12th,. It was decided to play the Lancashire v. Cheshire match on October 28th at Broughton, and the Lancashire v. Cumberland fixture on January 13th, at Wigan. NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE. A meeting of the committee of the Northern Rugby League was held at the GrosvenorTiotel, Manchester on Tuesday, Mr. Joseph Platt (Oldham) occupying the chair. Keighley, F.C., in the match against Runcorn at Keighley on Saturdayglast, were fined thesum of Bs. for late start. It was resolved that referees, in reporting players, be requested to give particulars of charge against players, and that a copy of the referee's statement be sent to the players concerned. Furthermore, the latter will be permitted to either defend themselves i a writing or attend personally if they so desire. The committee , reserves the rightto call upon the referee and the player I or players concerned to attend if advisable. The following players were put on the registers of the clubs first named. Warrington.—J. McHugh (Altrincham), H. Hardman (Pendlebury),and R. Wood (local). Widnes.—R. Price, J. Gill, H. Hughes,and T. Jackson (local). St. Helens.—J. Johnson (Stockport), L. Davies (Leigh), and J. Halsall (local). Leigh.—C. Butler (Howe Bridge), S. Gregory (West Leigh), W. Mulroony (Tyldesley), and T. Mawdsley (Plank-lane). The following players were struck off the registers of the clubs named:— Warrington.—F'. Barber, J. Burton, W. Clare, A. Hudson, W. Cresswell,J. Finnigan, J. Oakes, J. Bate, and F. Jewkes. Runcdrn.—F. Darlington, G. Moore, F. Gayter, W. Gayter, J. Riley. G. Urmson, H. Myers, T. Parr, .T. Weston, Wilson, J. T. Groves, 0. Hughes and J. J. Matthews. Widnes.—F. Annels, J. Grayson and G. Waide.

REVISING THE LISTS. The Revising Barrister at Warrington. -- Mr. J. T. Foard commenced his annual revision of the voters'list for the Borough at the Town Hall on Tuesday morning. The business was very light and was disposed of speedily. The claimants numbered 214 and there were 93 objections. The number of voters on the new list is 11,598 an addition of 271 on last year's list. Mr. John Clayton represented the Liberal Association and Mr. William Holbrook, assisted by Mr. H. Hayes, the Conservative Association. Mr. Gough represented the Non-Trading Association. The officials present were: Mr. Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr. W. H. Woodcock (assistant overseer). Mr. T. J. Garnett and Mr. F. H. Aukland (relieving officers.) THREE VOTES FOR THREE BROTHERS. SUCCESSFUL CLAIM BY COUNCILLOR PEACOCK AND HIS BROTHERS. Councillor Peacock claimed a vote in respect of a coal wharf and office situated near Dallam-lane, in Bewsey Ward. Questioned by Mr. Holbrook. he saidhe was the tenant of 62, West-street, and he also lived at New Brighton. Mr. Holbrook: This is a question of distance. His residence is beyond the distance. The Revising Barrister: Is he on the list for New Brighton? Councillor Peacock: No, sir. Mr. Holbrook stated that applicant owned 62, West- street, but there was a person already on the list for that place. Councillor Peacock said that was his sister. The ratable value of the coal wharf and office was given at £65, and the vote was allowed. Mr. Peter Peacock applied for a vote as tenant of 66, West-street. In answer to Mr. Holbrook, he said he , had resided at week-ends for the past three months at New Brighton. He formerly resided at Bewsey-road. Mr. Clayton: As a matter of fact you are here the week through ?—Applicant: Yes. You are also the owner of 66. West-street ?—Yos. Mr. Holbrook said applicant's brother, Mr. Frederick John Peacock, distinctly told him that he was the tenant of 66, West-street, and not Peter. Applicant replied that his brother was tenant up to the end of last year. The vote was allowed. George'Peacock, living at 64, West street, claimed a vote for one of two warehouses in West street. The ' placelwas owned by Messrs Peacock and Company, in which firm there were four partners. The rateable value was £4l. Mr. Holbrook said this should be a joint claim ; it looked ra therTcurious. Mr. Clayton pointed out that there were two distinct warehouses and stables and the applicant was applying for a vote in respect to one of them. The Revising Barrister allowed the vote. A CLOSE THING." George Bailey, Wilderspool-road, claimed a vote as partner in the firm of John Bailey and Sons. The ratable value of the premises was £3O, and in the firm were applicant's father, brother, and himself. The brother had a vote in respect of a house of which he was the tenant. :11r. Foard, in granting the vote, remarked that it was "rather a close thing." AN EVENING SITTING. Mr. Foard attended in the evening, at six o'clock, the sitting occupying about half an hour. THE DISQUALIFICATIONS OF RELIEF. THE QUESTION OF MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. Thomas Potter, whose address was given as near ' Moss-street, was objected to by the Liberals on the ground that he had had relief during the past twelve months. Mr. Garnett said the relief was in kind and was worth 4s. 11d. The vote was disallowed. George Chidlaw, a Conservative, claimed a vote in , respect of 261, Knutsford-road. Mr. Holbrook informed his Honour that medical re- lief had been given in this case. The applicant was ordered into the workhouse by the medical officer of the union. The Barrister: He got his board and lodging. Mr. Holbrook: Yes, but under the doctor's orders ; otherwise he would have been treated at home. The Barrister said he would have to inquire into this matter. It might be that the man was ordered into hospital merely on medical grounds. Mr. Holbrook: On medical grounds, because the applicant had not the convenience at home. Applicant: Dr. Braide told me he could not do any- thing with me at house; and said I would have to go to the hospital. I objected at first, but I went with him. The Barrister: \Vas it merely for the treatment or because the space was too small? Applicant: It was for the treatment. I was in the hospital eight or ten weeks. I was not suffering from an infectious disease, but from nervous debility. The Barrister said he would consider the matter, and he would give the man a vote if he could. A case of nervous disease stood on a different footing to other cases. Sometimes the necessary things could not be obtained in a house, such as milk, wine, &c., and there might not be sufficient air. Therefore, this case stood on a different footing to other cases. The further consideration of the case was adjourned until Wednesday morning when the Revising Barrister, after consulting authorities allowed the claim. A LODGER'S CLAIM. William Norman. Bewsey-road, claimed a lodger vote in respect of a sitting-room and bedroom which he said he occupied exclusively. He stated that he lived with his mother, who owned the house. He had his meals by himself in his own room, and part of the furniture was his. His Honour said he was not satisfied, and it seemed to him to be difficult to recognize the fact that other people did not use the sitting-room. The claim would be disallowed. VOTE OF THANKS. Mr. Clayton, Liberal agent., moved a vote of thanks to the Revising Barrister for the courtesy he had shown during the revision of the lists. The duties had been I comparatively light, and this was due to a great extent to the excellent list which had been prepared by Mr. Woodcock and his assistant. The percentage of objec- tions and claims had lessened each year. In conclusion Mr. Clayton referred to the fact that Mr. Dunbobbin, who had assisted him, had attended the revision court for 34 years, which was in itself a record. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Holbrook seconded and also alluded to the excel- lent manner in which the list had been compiled. It was free from clerical errors and printer's mistakes. The Revising Barrister acknowledged the compliment and said he was struck with the exceeding care with which the list had been prepared. It was a bulky volume con- taining over 11,500 names. It certainly reflected credit upon all the persons vrho had prepared it. He con- gratulated the Borough upon the care with which the whole of the work had been done. The work of the officials had reduced his duties to a minimum. This concluded the proceedings. .

CaSUMen Is the most __ sustaining Food on earth. COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION, CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE for ANA': MA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIABETES, RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Write for free sampla of CASUMEN, with LANCET report and full particulars. ilb post free Ie.—PHIDEAUX'S FOOD CO., MOT- COMBE, DORSET: or through Chemists. Stores. etc.

apartmtnt4 furnissbn 30otust5 ttr S 0 lITH PORT.—A PARTIVINNTS with or without board cyclists accom.-11fes MYSEICYME, 13,Bath st,near Prom

MdORRCAMBR.—APARTMENTS with or without boar ; near tram, train, and sea.—Mrs STANSFIELD, 25, Ruston road. XTRVIN, North Wales.—To Let for September. Furnished .1.1 or APARTMIiNTS ; three minutes to beach.-- DAVIES, Rosehill.

QUNNY JERSEY —Furnished APARTMENTS; board if required; near sea and parks.—LAYGDox, 34, St. Saviour's road.

BLACKPOOL.—Superior APARTMENTS, with or with- out board; near sea, stations and amusements,— PALMER, 93, Albert-road.

APARTMENTS.—St. Annes-ou-the-Sea, Misses FIELDEN (from Todmorden), 76 Eastnor House, St. Andrews road South. near Station and Sea. PRHSTATYN.— HOLIDAY HOME for Ladies, between sea and mountains; terms 18s.—Address ROGERB. Wern House, Dysertb, N. Wales. -- DLACKPOOL.—Nice APARTMENTS, very central; near 1) the sea, North Pier. Tower and Gardens.—MlLLs, Stanley House, 150 Church street.

BANGOR, North Wales.--Comfortable APART:V[IMM moderate terms; 7 minutes from railway station, pier, and baths.—THosEss, 13, Crescent. uT HlTBY.—Comfortsble AP ARTIVIHNTS ; pleasantly T, V situated ;terms moderate.—Mrs INwix,lB,Grove street' Fishburn Park. Whitky, Yorkshire.

BRIGHTON.—Lady'I rfouse Furnishd, excellent position £2. Shops and Villas £26 to £9S—YouNG HOLBECIC AND SADLxia, Auctioneers. Brighton.

DUBLIN.— ACCOMMODATION for VISITORS by day or week, moderate, 5 minutes convenient tram. Mrs. I. SEYMOUR, 58, Bodies street. COMFORTABLE APAIaMIiNTS or Board near Lake Park, and Station. Terms mocierate. Local references —Fos:term, Barclay House, Keswick.

• BRRSOCH, NORTH WALRS.—APARTMENTS for • September and October. 2 sitting-rooms, 3 bedrooms; 150 acres shooting ; moderate terms.—JoaNsosr, Fronolen.

BERSOCif, NORTH WALRS.—APARTAIHNTS for 11. September and October; two sitting rooms, four bedrooms , close to sea; moderate terms.—Joxxs, Bryntirion

MORTICAMBH:—APARTBIHNTS, MRS. STRINGFELLOW (,ke of Leith). Lathom House, 3'). Oxford street, live minutes from L. & N.W. Station, two from sea.

'IDLACKPOOL.—Mrs Mtley, 94, Albert road. Reasonable .L) APART NIIINTu. public or private, clean and homely; near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

COMFOHTABLE Apartments a few minutes from sea and Central Station; is each person, bed and attendance.- 13 and 15. ROTHEIAT•ROAD, Central-drive. Blackpool.

HOUEIRS and APA.RTMENTS to. be Let, in Pennmanaawr ; one of the prettiest and healthiest seaside resorts on the Welsh Coast.—Apply T and H JONES, house agents.

QOUTHPOR r.—Mrs. WHALLEY ROBINSON, 69, Bath street; comfortable APARTMBDITS, board or not, public and private, piano; moderate terms; sunny aspect; two minutes from Pier, Promenade and Municipal Gardens.

BLACKPOOL.-A delightful holiday at the seaside with home comforts, reasonable charges, ian be had to perfection by staving with MRs DUCKwoRTH 36, Vance road, near Central Station.—Terms 2s per day,for two persons.

SOUTH PO RT,—TO FURNISTIRD HOUSE, newly decorated, Parlour avnl Living Room to front, scullery with gas stove, nice wash-house. 3 bed and dressing-rooms, close to Saunders street; 2 guineas weekly, or 30s. for term. J . ROSE. 30, Gordon street.

/Ratko, ZuOttitoseo, ett. lIIGH-CLASS Confectionery Business for Disposal, in main thoroughfare of Crewe; death cause of leaving.— Apply. BUALIND HILL. Nantwich. BTlRlNG.—Splendid Beer and Wine House six barrels 11. and good bottle trade; price £2lO licence oleg.r ; rent £45, good living rooms; no agents.-85. BARTON LINE, Bodes, Manchester.

rrOBAOCO, SWERTS. ICH URNABI,Pruit, Wines. Miners—ls 1 etc. Owing to DeAth. owner Retiring no Reasonable offer refused. splendid opportunity,Main thoroughfare. In- tending purchasers, please communicate with li. GRIBBIN, 218, Picton road, Wavertree, Liverpool.

rpo EtTCHERS and Investors in Shop Property.—Shop„ A. House (Freehold) and 4-9 tall Stable, 3 Loose Boxes, Hay Loft, Cow Shed, all comoact. standing upon about 800 square yards of land : annual turnover upwards of £2,003 ; price of goodwill and premises complete £1,6')0; purchaser can have option of purchase of two adjoining shops (barber. greengrocer), 3.stall stable to each house, yard garden ; rents £52 and £3O price of the whole block, £?,500 ; part may remain on mortgage ; owner declining business,—ff. PAD- FIELD, 30, Percy street, Liver pool. BROWN AND CO. ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINE6S AGENTS, AND ,VALUERS, Established 1875, WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY CLASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS OR MACHINERY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH TO £5000• Call at our Office with particulars of what you want to Buy or Sell. We will suit you in any line of Business. NO SALE, NU CHARGE. 34, SOUTH JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ept!ts.

A Few £lO 10s. Cycles; must clear : take £8 105. Genuine /11- goods, no cheap stuff.—JoYcE. Walton, Norfolk.

'T'YRES! TYRES !! ! 75. 3d. I! ! Guaranteed 13 months. 1. For all rime. By return.—FREEMI.N. Faddingon, Liverpool.

HIGH-OLASS DAIMLBI MOIOI ORIGB can b hired by day or week; experienced chaffeur.—Apply TCHELLS, Cecil street, Glreenheys, Manchester. Tele- phone 3155.

rr HE BOUQUNT corms COMPANY will forward 1 carriage tree, to any 'Sart of the kingdom, their ex- quisite Coffee, roasted, whole on reecipt of Is 6d per lb.-89 Harrow road. London, W.

MOTORS. CLARENDON: MOTOR CYCLES,: 2. AND 3 ' CLARENDON MOTOR CARS, MILLFORDUTRAILRELS AND FORR-CA.RS. JOHN MELBOURNE LTD., ZWILDBRSPOOL IRON WORKS. :WARRINGTO:N. TELEPHONE No. 122.

f)orcstg. arriatregf, Eibe iMork, Scr

QHHTLAND PONIRS for sale. several matched pairs 35 to 42 inches ; colours. blacks, bays. chestnuts, carriage paid through England.—Titomse SKINNER, Farmer, Dyce, Aberdeenshire.

CARRIAGES.-109 new and second-hand, of every dis- cription, at lowest prices.—GRANT. cirriace builder, 259. Oxford road, near Owens College. Manchester. Established 1870.

FOR SALB, cheap,—room wanted,--A smart bay pony 131 hands, rising 5 years old, sound and good in every way a perfect model, face anything. Price 07, also a pony rail car and rrice.__AvnesysTmc Furnisher. 50. nharlAl I.ne• Mann •

ON SALE, a capital LIIEHY, with 3m. wheels and brake, suitable (or Coal Dealer or Greengrocer ; also two GIGS. suit Traveller, etc. ; in splendid condition.—Apply J. HoDGKINBore & Sox. Wheelwrights, StanleAstreet, Ather- ton, near Manchester.

F- OR SALE (no farther use for same) handsome TURNOUT, well-known in the district; Roan MAIRR, 15 hands, 6 years. free and fast driver, no whin required. grand action DOGCART, rubber tyres. and B.M. HARNESS: everything of the very beet.—Apply H. W. HITCHEN, Upholland, Wigan.

MUST SELL, money required. useful CART or LURRY HORSE 16 2. six years, £25; strong Harness Mare. suitable for all purposes, seven years, 16 hands, 20 guineas, month's trial and guarantee given all ways or V.S. aIIowed.—BENTLEY, 16,Irvine it. Edge Hill, Liverpool.

10LOUR your photographs, post' cards. Parke's Film ki Colours Is 3d tree.-120, ANN STREET, Plumstead. J IQUID BRASS POLISH, cleans Instantly, saves time IA and trouble; recipe 4d.-43, CHAPgL ST, Bridlington.

VARICOSE VEINS. Swollen Ankles, Bad Legs. Thou- V sands cured by CHARCOVB Appliance, 48, Haymarket, London,

GAS COOKER (EUREKA), nearly new; also strong Bale Truck, cheap,—J. REDO. 36 Princess road, Moss Side. Manchester. BARGAIN, finest English nickel Bil7er teaspoons 3s per dozen post free.—CoLLlEn, 40. High street, Camden Town. London.

PICTURSS HANDPAINTRD on boards. canvas 35. each state wants.—WILLIAMS, 2, Richmond villas, Wood- ville road. S. Woodford.

BOOK UPON PLAYING, tuning and repairing melodlon concertina fand accordian post free postal order 7d; FELTDrr Senr. Sandwich.

20 PISCES Silver-Steel Tableware. consisting of forks, tea, dessert, and table spoons, 2s„ post free.—SNow. Merchant, Glenfleld, Leicester.

QORE FEET, from whatsoever cause arising, cured by one application; send six stamps for cure.—Dr, SUTTON- SMITH, 91,Grosvenor road, London. SIGNS AND LETTERS of every dPscription made to order by B. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and bign- maker, 89. Renshaw street Liverpool.

HAILDWARB, Clothing. Furniture Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue free.— BERRIDGE AND Co. (02). Birmingham.

A NTI-REIBUMATIO RINGS.—A certain cure for Rheu. matism, 4s 6d each post free. Send size of finger.— CROUCH & Co.. 80. Earl's Court road. London. 1 2 FLOWERING DUTCH RULES Is 6,1, sample col- t/ lections 60 9d, instructions free; carriage paid.— BULB STORES, 3, St James road, Bermondsey.

WATER CASKS, all sizes and shapes, in splendid condi' V V tion, low prices.—Apply GILBERT AND JOHN GREHNALL TD., The Distillery, Bridge-street. Warrington.

64 MATRIMONIAL POST," sealed 5d ; with circular 9cl; established quarter of a century.—Rnrroß, "M. Post." 12, Trafalgar Buildings, London, W.O. MUROHY'S Cure for a Cowld. A really Humorous Irish Recitation. Crisp and Witty : 7 stamps.—Professor CARFAX, Humourist, 11. Nelson street, Barlestown.

SQ WIC NIONKY, buy direct lace curtains Is 9d upwards also laces send postal order for sample pairs, catalogue free. Wuoleeale 111.aNuFloiIIRDTG Co., Nottingham.

OSILTAIN CDIIN CURB. Genuine old-fashioned recipe ‘J for the speedy removal of corns, never fails, post free 18.—SHORTE. 38. Duke street, sfilifield, Sunderland. 500 PAIRS BRASS mounted old military powder horns; genuine relics of the British Army, post free 26 6d pair. PETER RICE, Government Stores. Portsmouth.

Post free, Ladles' Stylish Steel-tube Umbrella. 2s. 6D. Every purchaser presented with pretty lace- trimmed Handkerchief.—BLADE. Draper, Mortlake, S.W.

2 •!....: 3s SELECTED DUTCH BULBS; 125.1. 6d. Sample tit) collection 60. 9d. Instructions free. Carriage patd.-131PORTE1111, 3 St, James' road, Bermondsey, London.

VOILES. Imarfcliate relief. certain cure. Or. York's pills. 1 the only known specific for piles.ls lfi 2s 93 boxes. post free. Proprietors. G. SwlrmaToN.Ohemist, Longton.Staffs.

UXTRAORDINARY RBSULTd. Indigestion, Dyspepsia cured without medicine or expense. recipe 3 s worth pounds.—CHELLow,!South Normanton, Alfreton, Derbyshire.

20 HANDBILLS, CIRCULARS; ETC.. wanted ,000 to deliver in Chester. Cheshire or Lanca- shire by A. LAKorcr, Advertising Contractor, 42, Francis street, Chester, rIIBBTHING POWDERS.—Wise mothers give their babies 1 Swift's Teething and Cooling Powders. Safe and sure 12 stamps, post free.—SwiFT, Chemist, Huddersfield (Bstab. 30 years.)

XTERY PURE Diamond BIARQUHBE RING. Approval; V deposit. Written guarantee to lend £l3 on it. Price £l4 17s 6d —bIDNEY SMITH. 64 and 66 High street, Kings- land. London. N. THE EYES.—To temove all Inflamation. Stickiness after sleep ; produce Growth of Eyelashes ; Beautify and pre- serve. Send particulars to H„ 80, Beeston-hill, Leeds. Satisfaction guaranteed-

OHHAP PURR COFFER (Nast Indian). Special Offer. Freshly roasted, whale or ground, Is, Is 2d, and Is 4d per lb. Two pounds delivered free.—Address COFFEE WORKS, Hildenboro', Kent. D EVERSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick _LL completions; loans arranged at lew rates Mortgage securities wanted at 3/ to 4/ per cent.—T. SMITH WORSLEY. 26, Cooper street, Manchester.

VAMILIES REQUIRING FASHIONABLE JET ORNA- -1: MENUS for Mourning or otherwise should apply THE STAR Jr Woux.B,lB Grove street, Whitby, Yorkshire for an approval parcel, Carriage Paid.

"'OR SALE, Centre seconds Stop watch, 78 6d; handsome 12 china clock, ss. excellent time keepers; Opera glasses in leather case. tis 6d ; 2 silk Babette Is.—BoutotE,Ada cottage Stonebridge, Do•king, Surrey.

26 • Post free Marvellous Value. Pair Black or Grey S. D. Corsets. Three large Hemstitched Handker- chiefs, 1 doz.n Torchon Lace, a lace—trimmed ,Handkerchief presented free.—SLlDE, Draper, Mortlake.

poxim AND PACKETS for Confectioners and Chemists; eollipsible boxes for tailors and laundries, postal boxes for dentists and all trades.—Send enquiries to MATTHEWS, Smith and Carter, Darnley Works, Hackney.

NEURALGIA, Sciatica, Anwmia, and Beuro-Rheumatic Affections. Barlow's Tic Powdars, oldest and beet remedy: Fifty years' reputation. Of all Chemists, is 1/d or 2s 9d post free.—lr.r.sLEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle

NT BTTING. Y 4 ETTIN4. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, _LI Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every descriptionaitomes Joaxsores, Net Warehouse IJorporetion-street, Manchester.

QTRRILITY in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- Li ment. An Illustrated ltdition, by a late Senior° Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s Bd. London: SHELLEY & Co., LTD, 38, Graeechuretmareet.

LiCZSMA.—" DR. WILSON'S ECZIIKA. OUSE" gives 14 immediate relief and speedily cures torturous skin diseases, ulcersted sores. Tars is. lid.. treble 2s. 9d.—. Principal chemists oz Da. Wu.soN's AGENCY. 20, Fordham street, Liverpool.

pTTRRSON'S M.P. Letter Binders ; the original (intro- duced 1870), and still the beet. Files Accounts, Receipts. and ell kinds of documents. quarto size, 12 ins. x 10 ins., 5s delivered free.—Send P.O. to JAMES PATTER3ON. Albert square, Dundee.

D HBI7IIIATOID ARTHRITIS and Rheumatic Gout IN speedily cured by marvellous new discovery. Splendid results. Moderate cost. BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist. "Ivanhoe," Queenswood rod, Birmingham. Advice and testimonials free.

XTEW RAPID SHOE SHINER.—Boot cleaning revolu- II tionised. No modern home or travelling outfit is com- plete without thls useful, novelty. Post free Is 6d.—PATENT BRUSH GLOVE MANUFACTURING CO„ 69, Manor Road, Brockley, London. Agents wanted.

TNDIGHSTION.—The MEDICAL RBFORM SOOIRITY will rend PRBR to all applinnts an excellent BOTANIC CURB for Indigestion. Biliousness. Liver Complaints. Plies, Rheumatism. Gout. and Bronchitis.—/Iddres3 : The SECRE- TARY (Dept. 19), BOTANIC IrtsriTuTE, Nottingham.

mo BB SOlD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold DIRi. with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—address J. licogrNG, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

WHO'S YOUR LAWYBR ? I haven't requirAd one since I bought Of CROSBY LOCKWOOD ANT) So.', 7 STATioTiers' Hall Court. London, 8.C., a Copy of ' HVBRY MAN'S OWN LAWYBR,' by A BARRISTER, price 6s 81 post tree, which has been repaid to me twenty times over in the saving of lawyers' fees. New and Revised Bdition (19031'jost published

A HHART lIHRRIVRR. Mmold's Ad-Llifa. The World's 111 Heart remedy. Instant relief in all cases of weak action palpitation, faintness, trembling, etc. The greatest dis- covery of the century. A battalion or strength in the heat of to-day's life battle. Per bottle 21 91, post paid sole agency in Great Britain. The BRITISH A.E.LLIPA DEPOT, 139, Albert Avtnue, Hull.

FURNITURE, PIANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FuR CASK TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANuRS MAW?. HIGIIRST PRIMO GIVRq. NO CHARCITA FOR INSPROTION. RARTLBY AND CO.. 12, MOSS-STRERT, LIVRRPOOL.

OLD GOLD, SILVER and IVORY Figures, Coins. Stamps, &c. Beet price given at the CURIo DEPOT, 24. Oldhall- street, Liverpool. Correspondence attended to.

(1111 P POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety ‘,./ Champion Ranges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Wheels 116 page List free.—Masnot's. Poland street, Manchester. GARDEN FRAME BOXES, &c.—Two 2-lighted new garden Frame Boxes with lights, bolted together, painted and unglazed; also grand sound Harmonium, walnut case, seven stops, by Alexandra, of Parii, £6 10s., cost 22).—J. WARRINGTON, Joiner and Furniture Dealer, 117, Northenden road, Sale.

BELF AST has been famed for linen manufacturing for 200 years, for guamaking 92 years, for shipbuilding 50 years. We !awe one of the largest gun factories in the British Islands, with the most up-to-date machinery. Guns supplied direct from the maker to the mansion, from the factory to the farm. No middlemen's profits. Lists free on application. —J. BRADDELL & Sos (County iGunmakers, Ltd.), Castle Place, Balfast, Established 1811.

MIOWL CORN, 7s 6d. 10s 6d, 12 6d, 2401bs ; Pig Food, 78 6d 12 per 2001bs.—RocKE AlfD Co., 15, Gtoree piazzas, Liver- pool. Kention paper. YOURB BISCUIT MHAL.—Plain, 105 per cwt. ; with meal .1. 12s 6d.; fine chicken meal, 121 6d.; put on rail; cash with order.—Buma and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15. Strand- street, Liverpool.

WILCOX'S POULTRY SPICR produces more eggs,keeps fowls healthy, prevents gapes and cramp In cnickens; tins 6d and is post free 8d and is 31. Try Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 15s per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. WILCOX, Sandyford, Stone,Staffo rdshire.

ginittbMernt at. ei AS BNGINRS, Robinson's ";HR" Gas lingines tre 13 reliable and easy to pet down. —Renirreox, Great Bridgewater Street. Manchester.

yIIBITBRAL One-horse•power GAS BNGINBS, Horizonte STBAM BNGINISS, from two to six horse-power; cheap —J. TELFORD, Henhurst Bridge. Wigan.

VON SALM, VREITICAL STRAM BOILRR, sft 61n by 3ft ; also Steam Bngine.Bin et. oke.sln cylinder; one Wrought iron Tank, bit 61n by 6ft Ohl by 21t Sin deep ; large quantity of Wrought and Cast Iron Piping, from lin. upwards; one Bean-splitting machine, by Richmond and Cbandlor ; quantity of New and Second-hand Strapping, various widths. —Cams. HOLDEN, Weir street, Blackburn. Telephone 695.

ro ATENT OFF MANCHESTER BBTABLIEINED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal exporiencein connection with this Estabilsh- went andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. 4EO/1411 DAVIES, & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. NANCHBSTBR.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITS!) (late Ormerod, 0 Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and. PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns Etc., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co. London•road Iron Works, Maneheiter, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kir is of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and rulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grierson. Manchester."

PROVIDENT BOND, 18 and 19 years old, rapidly matur- lug. £350 paid, accept £2OO.—VICToRts, The Lees, Westeliff-on-Sea.

TEVBSTMBNT, for odd 25. likely to double in value,shares .1 quoted 4s, been boe, company holds land, buildings, au. worth over 3 times this price,particulare free.—W. BRNO), share Broker, Broad's Buildings, Rageley.

rPRAFALGAR COLLIERY COMPANY LIMITED. Forest 1 of Dean. Gloucestershire.—Fifty Fully-paid Ordinary Shares; average dividends last three years about 30 per cent —JAMES P. BATH & Gox, 29. Ranelagh street, Liverpool. Telephone 2613 Royal,

ARNOLD & LEWIS, 7, ST. ANN'S SQUARE 3IANCHE3TER. ENGLISH CHIME CLOCKS. ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DEV SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTICN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILL MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. lid. and 2e. 9d.

2/6 PER IMPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT • 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, ULTON RO3, WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime street St,ttion.)

A "Sit'” Ificarrii" al Policeman 4AD 1. IF alad W. SMITH, P.C., 894, Howlais Police . Station, South Wales, writes: ~ . '• I have for some time past been think-ng of writing you a testimonial. " I have for over seven years been drinkmg Vl.Cocoa. I have not drunk any tea doling that time, and I have 0 . Nund your Vi-Cocoa doing me a great deal of good. . ... "It Is most refreshing and nourish- • ing t., any per,on who is exposed to all kind 4 of weather, especially the police.. " Y,41 may use this letter to your -... i best advantage. If any further corn- , --_,- • munications are required I shall be /.. most pleased to give them my best .1 attention." Sample Free. Send a Postcard. DR. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA, Ltd.. a . 60-62, Bunhill Row, LONDON.

. el, Socialist Lecturer's Sudden Death ,j lt Mrs. Widdrington, better known by -er soo 411 name of Miss Enid Stacy, the well-kilor,l2tieber°ler lecturer and writer,died very suddenly at let tte the near Rochdale, on Friday night last Nven'os turer she had visited nearly aU the large United Kingdom including Warrington,i. to'. sPleCi of Socialism,and was one of the best plat'°3 the e' in England. Seven years ago she married ebarg W. P. Widdrington, who is at present in Calderbrook Parish, Littleborough.

IFor INFANTS' I INVALIDS, arle the AGED. f, -

More Judgment than Luck. A lady writes: I haVe brought up five children, youngest note nine, and have neVer had one case of Measles amongst them. I haVe neVer used any soap IN THE NURSERY except Wright's Coal Tar Soap. 1 It must be the Soap, and not pure luck." FOUR.PENCE per Tablet.

The dinner gong. Three or tour times a day— three hundred and sixty- five days in the year—we cc eat to live." Some palatable dishes and condiments are not con- ducive, to good digestion. Some very materially aid. digestion and thus promote health. Colman's Mustard be- longs to the latter class. It is dten because it is liked—because it gives a Zest to the meal. But its real value lies in the fact that it stimulates the diges- tive organs. • 114:430:

PILES CURED! A SAFE AND CERTAIN REMEDY, Cures either internally or exterdally. Money I,villincly returned If this sovereign remedy fails to give instant relief. We have thowands of unsolicited testimonials testifying as to its etlic#cy Sent post paid under cover—lnternal Cure, ls. Exteria Is. With full directions. MARKS, Roc!via'e Ed., Walsden, Todynor on.

TO-MORROW MAY BE TOO LATE To try Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Get a box to-night. A Positive Cure for Backache, Lumbago. sciatica, Gout, Dropsy, Gravel, &c. Money returned if not satisfied, is. 10. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps from Hodlroyd's Medicinal', Cleckheaton, Yorks. pioLasTEELI for Ladies.l PILLS

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS AFTER TWO PILLS SHE FELT 8A51.611 26, Rutland-street, Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th, 1902. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pills. Rad gave her two. After a few hours she Jett easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was sUrprised to find her no from bed when I ame home in the evening. InZ.two or three days she was itte twell again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all inj rl o matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles. Is. lid. and 2s. 91.. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232. Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

• ii K wonderful water proofer for lc BOOTS HARNESS. Sof- Dales,. tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow poitsh• lug with blacking. GOLD !MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST . a AWARDS. Tins 2d., M.,/- / 45,.2/6 of Boot . , .. I!: unbin Makers, Saddlers, fronmoneers 6.c. Mann/swim, East Dul-tnch, London.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. IMERAPION This successful and highly • popular remedy, as em- ployod in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord Rostan,Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employ•d for impurity at the blood, spots,blotches, pains and swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strietur discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheumatism,gout sleeplessness.nervous and physical exhaustion,etc. Therapion Is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send.stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, 'ANDO

TOWLES W - PAA.LS iTO SE lAD OF ALL CHEMISTS BOATS /// '9, OR 46,0 R SEXT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT Of /530R55 ?. iSTAPPS BY E.T.TOWIE AC:66 LONG ROW /10771NC/fAI.

Holloway .00INTmENTo CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. Manufactured only at 78, :New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

A Delicacy Red. MITCHELL'S BONELESS Pressed ,Nzw. CIAV COOKED 4N.'4145 Bacon I TrurTNG, and READY TOR TABLE. 11 Grocers, or a sample}, (4 lbs.) direct earflap MlTCRELL97iii.tftZ,3:V:c.toAgataiSt:rnieeeri, Liverpool.

JOHN 'WALKER AND CO EXAMINER" OFFICE, 1 BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON' TELEPHONE 355 Y. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAIiaIpfgiggsmAfT7WPOVVINTI all it.inl.4g 11. Educational S Revisedl neenrg Corrected MSS. Ecinal\aitioSn'al Vrorkb of pRICE tLraltSenf:rPegriutteedd on card or paper IlluS PRINTING iOF EVERY VARIETY I WITH EATNESS, CHEAPNESS, AND DESPATCH. AT THE " EXAMINER7OFFICE, le May be inspected and Estimates obtained at the Office., I:111MM- 4rRR HT WAR ti GTON. CATALOGUES. COMMERCIAL PRINTING. eIRCULtAyRSpe. ainndtohrethneeatetetwoarlynLe; nip from mode' • CLUB AND SOCIETY CARDS. 'TELEPHONE NO. 355 Y.

F OR FI RST-CLASS PI:UV AT°. DENTISTRY TEETH. Aopointments unneoesearyabnt may t)l9 arranged: TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Informed beforehand the co.t work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mo4erste charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. el, TEETH. P-inless Extraction hitherto by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,0001wa110n5 weekly. Exors. of the late* J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY BEIMJI • MR. 3/ADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... ..GEORGE-STREfir MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANREy-STICS WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RnwnOßN, 31. BRIE/GE-STEW VIIJRSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH-.-.14, APPLEMARKET-STBSOT! PRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

Deaths. 00 MURPTI Y.—September Ist, at Chorley7street, Patrick Murphy, aged 64 years. War' SHETtLOCK.—September 2nd, at Manchester-road, rington, Sarah Sherlock, aged 68 years. Angtollo BlSHOP.—September 3rd, at \Vest-street, 'Tar— - Flora Bishop, aged 74 years. Warringto MouvroN.—September sth, at Rodney-street, Warririr ton, James Moulton, aged 52 years. GARTLAND—September sth, at District rington, John Gartland aged 62 Years, goery, Horse Artillery. Interred at Warrington Collet September 10th. too Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOgN V 14.0004 late & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Bewtlay-street, and published by them at Or place,and also at The Examiner WIDNES; 32, George-street, ST. HELENS; 3, street, EARLESTOWN ; Church-street, Ruscogg,'-' 511. 1903.
