===== 0002601_19030626_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

...

===== 0002601_19030626_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WilvA

===== 0002601_19030626_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • • '

===== 0002601_19030626_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4),

===== 0002601_19030626_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
, 4 t, l I . ~ ~ ii , t . ~., ti I ' .0. 4: il , a ,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALUS Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR

Ttrttta

k..', .4'. ".4'.

7 ._d_ • e`ix e, 1 r't\ ei-e/ va. 4,4 40, C.. 4. ..I .I.* A

plays a most important part in Lie's Battle, but

Energy and Vigour

are necessary if you wish to make the most of it.

_ .- ' -,L.,... i (.1 i' v a ......0„..,:tc,„w. 4?. ~ ott., itt 16...• Vllifyls.:, 1,,, ' Jo• -,,,, : • 1111 k. r - 0 i÷ „ _

ihAtmv:

is rich in the properties which give strength, energy and vigour. Try it and prove this for yourself.

1 :-• dv,issl-4Tt-r%.zT•ce:-.:WOU-..W41-Mi. ..

.045ib0t5•,,,t5e4,4.,4

upon the marching and said the teams were particularly smart in that respect. The men marched very creditably, but not as good as the nursing sisters. The total num- ber of members on parade was about 500 and he con- sidered that extremely creditable. Some of the men had journeyed from Westmoreland and all had travelled at their own expense. He congratulated all concerned on the very creditable turnout and it wouldefford him the greatest pleasure to present a very favourable re- port to the Chief Commissioner. (Applause.) Lieutenant Colonel TRIMBLE then announced the results as follows :

SQUAD COMPETITIONS. ft NURSING SQUADS.-1, I3arrowford (silver challenge shield to be held for one year and gold,centre medals) ; 2, Blackpool (silver medals) ; 3, Brierfleld (bronze medals). PoucE SQUADS.-1, Manchester City (Leonard Molloy Challenge cup and gold centre medals) ; 2, Salford (silver medals) ; 3, Preston (bronze medals). AMBULANCE SQUADS.—Iet Division, 1, Preston (silver challenge cup and gold centre medals).; 2, Kendal (silver medals) ; 3, Brierfield (bronze medals); 2nd divi- sion, 1, Warrington (silver cup presented by the War- rington Corps and gold centre medals) ; 2, Oldham (silver medals) ; 3, Liverpool (bronze medals).

===== 0002601_19030626_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AMBULANCE BRIGADE.

SATURDAY'S REVIEW AND COMPETI- TIONS AT WARRINGTON.

Warrington is fortunate in possessing an enthusias- tic band of ambulance men whose interest and profici- ency in the praiseworthy undertaking of rendering "first aid' ta the injured show no signs of diminishing. On the contrary the Corps has been making rapid strides of late, and the seal of the members combined with a capable management augur well for the future success of the movement in this town. It was cer- tainly an honour to the Corps that Warrington should be selected as the meeting place of some hundreds of ambulance workers who journeyed here on Saturday to take part in the twelfth annual review and competitions in connection with the North-East Lancashire corps and divisions of the Brigade. Numerous towns were represented the event being one of unusual interest and importance to all members of the Brigade in the district. The morning was devoted to squad competi- tions, the men being put through various tests at the police station and the nursing sisters at the gymnasium. The judges were :—Division 1, Sargeonj Captain F. A. Brooks, Felixstowe, Superintendent Secretary, number three district, and Mr. T. H. Woolston, Assistant Com- missioner number three district. Division 2, Mr. W. E. Audland, Wellingborough, chief surgeon number three district, and Superintendent Harvey Reeves, Northamp- ton corps; police squads, Lieut. W. A. Gibb, M.D., Ipswich, and Surgeon Lieutenant Colonel E. Cureton," V.D„ Shrewsbury; nursing squads, Dr. S. 0. Eades Ipswich, and Surgeon Major Sleman. The tests con- sisted of tasks set by the judges in rendering "first aid," questions, practical work &c„ and the following squads competed :—Division 1, Kendal, Accrington, Brierfield, Blackpool, and Preston; division 2, Whalley, Barrow- ford, Liverpool, Southport, Warrington, Morecambe and Oldham; nursing squads, Accrington,Barrowford, Brier- field, Blackpool and Preston ; police squads, Manchester City, Bootle, Salford, Warrington, Preston, and Black- pool. The event of the day was the review on the Rugby Football Field. The various corps, divisions and police corps assembled on the lawn in front of the Town Hall at 2.45 in the afternoon and marched in pro- cession to the Football field headed by Messrs. Walker's Brewery band. The weather was beautifully fine, and many spectators assembled along the line of route. The ambulance men looked very smart in their well- kept uniforms and marched in fine military style. The Warrington police horse ambulance brought up the rear of the procession and made a capital turn out. When the processionists arrived at the field the nursing sisters had already been formed into line in readiness for the review. The attendance of the public was disappointingly small in fact, the popular side was almost unoccupied The inspecting officer was Lieutenant Colonel C. J. Trimble, C.M.G., V.D., deputy commissioner of the district, who has previously visited Warrington to inspect the local corps. The number of ambulance men on parade was 304 with 35 stretchers, 1 litter, and 1 horse ambulance, and there were also 156 nurses and 33 policemen. The Inspector having passed through the ranks, the march-past took place, headed by the nurses. The sight was a very interesting one and both men and nurses marched so well as to gain the cordial praise of therinspecting officer. Several exercises were afterwards gene through with precision and there were practical demonstrations of the importance of efficient "first aid." The men proved themselves to be exceedingly well trained and attended to a variety of" injuries"with marked promptitude and skill. It should be mentioned that:in addition to the towns represented by the squads examined in the morning teams were on parade from Abram Colliwy and Burnley.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY THE MAYOR.

Before the announcement of the results the MAYOR (Mr. J. Charlton Parr) delivered a short speech. He said it was his proud privilege in the name of Warring- ton to welcome all the ambulance men and nursing sisters, and it was his privilege as president of the local Association to say how glad he and the Mayoress were to see such a largc gathering of members of the Brigade. He might say that during the war now so happily con- cluded the brigade was recognized for the first time as part and parcel of our imperial forces. The members had rendered good service in South Africaland they all knew that the men would be quite ready to render good services again in ease those services should unfortun- ately—because war was always a misfortune—be called into requisition. Though they had not had to light material forces of flesh and blood, they had had to fight the great enemies of humanity—pain and death—and in many instances they had been able to conquer pain, and to resist and drive away death. What more noble cause could any man fight in? He was pleased to learn that out of 2,000 ambulance men sent to assist our soldiers when help was most needed, 900 came from the northern district, and a very good proportion—he believed 27— came from our good old town of Warrington (Applause.) He was proud, as representing Warrington, to feel that the spirit of patriotism was alive, and that the ambulance men were ready to do their utmost, and to be at the front when their services w.re required. He was sure that meetings of that kind would encourage the general public to take an interest in the movement and support It. They were happy to feel that the King was at the head of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, which was the great iorder for rendering assistance in all the accidents to which our poor human nature was most easily amenable. They all recognized the King's good qualities and they knew that his Majesty and the Queen were most anxious to assist in every way in promoting the welfare of their subjects. (Applause.) THE INSPECTING OFFICER ANNOUNCES THE

===== 0002601_19030626_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS.

Lieutenant-Colonel TRIMBLE said it had been a very pleasant duty to carry out the inspection. That was their twelfth annual review and when he threw his mind back to their .first attempt at an inspection and review he looked with very great pleasure on the parade that afternoon. They now appeared to be if not a military at all events a semi-military organization. Their corps and divisions were well drilled and well-uniformed and the officers appeared to have acquired a substantial knowledge of their drill. The men seemed to take an interest in the work and had turned out in a smart and soldier-like fashion. He was very much impressed with the appearance of the uniforms which were on the whole well-fitting and clean. The officers were particularly smartly dressed and !,et a fine example to the men. The parade of the nursing sisters was a very strong feature indeed. His colleagues who came from the South of England told him they wondered how the corps in the north could work so much good among the nursing sisters. He did not know what kind of nursing sisters they had in the south, but he might say. that the nursing sisters in this district were most amenable to their deputy commis- sioner and other officers. (Laughter.) These girls were constantly doing an unlimited amount of good, but as much of it was done in their homes it was not known to the public at large. He would like to draw the attention of the men to the important fact that it had been lately established that members of the brigade could volunteer for service in the Royal navy in case of national necessity. The matter had not been taken up as keenly in the district as was usually the case. He wanted the officers to im- press upon the minds of the men the necessity of the district, doing its duty as far as the Royal Navy Sick Reserve was concerned. The men who piped simply gave their word that they would' serve in a naval hospital or on board a man-of-war or cruiser in case of necessity. They had to come forward for inspection once a year and prove themselves efficient as "first- ' aiders." Lieutenant-Colonel Trimble then commented

===== 0002601_19030626_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTONICUP.

The silver cup presented and won by the Warrington Corps is a two-handled one of antique design,of the early 18th century period. The arms of the association are engraved upon it, and underneath is the inscription : "North-East Lancashire Corps and Divisions Review, Division2,presented by the Warrington Corp! in com- memoration of the 12th annual review, 1903. It was supplied by Messrs. Eustance and Co., Sankey-street.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIGADE REVIEW COMPETITIONS.

The 'luxes consisted of ambulance material and were awarded to the corps or divisions which had excelled in their work from entering the field to the conclusion of the review.

MEN.-1, Oldham; 2. Preston; 3, Accrington. NURSING SISTERS.-1, Barroisford; 2, Blackpool; 3, Accrington. The MAYORESS then distributed the prizes to the successful teams. This is the third time in succession that the Manchester City Police have been victorious in Oquad competitionlit was singular that the cup pre- sented by the Warrington corps should be carried of by the donors on the first occasion on which it has been competed for. A hearty,vote of thanks was accorted to the Mayoress on the proposition of Dr. LEONARD MOLLOY, seconded by Dr. ADAMS. THE OFFICIALS.

The local arrangements had been admirably carried out by lithe following committee : President: The Mayor (Mr. J. Charlton Parr, D.L.J.P.) ; Vice-President,Dr. Joseph Adams, M.R.C.M., Chief Surgeon to the Warrington Corps, Captain W. Waring, F.R.G.S.. Chief Superintendant of the War- rington Corps, Captain G. R. Crosfi.elcl ; Local Hon. Treasurer: Mr. Roger C. Parr, J.P., C.C. ; Local Hon. Secretaries : Councillor Thomas J. Hulse, 8, Salisbury- street, Warrington, and Mr. Frederick Taylor; Com- mittee : Dr. George Braide, Dr. Reginald Smith, Rev. J. T. Daman, M.A., Alderman W. Bolton, Mr. Vere B. Davies, Alderman F. W. Monks, J. Fulton Smith, Mr. Samuel Baldry, Superintendent of Warrington . Corps, Mr. H. T. Williams. Ist Officer of Warrington Corps; Warrington Football Committee: Mr. W. R. Neil, President of the Warrington Football Club; Mr. Harry Ashton, Hon. Secretary, Mr. Thomas Pemberton, hon. Treasurer, and Mr. Thomas Locker. In addition to the Mayor and Mayoress (Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Parr), there were present at the review :—District Chief Surgeon Thomson, District Supt, Sec. Garnett (in command of parade). District Supt. TrZas. Hon. Surgeon F. de B. Pim (in charge of Nursing Divisions), the District Supt. of Stores (Hon. Surgeon E. B. Poole, adjutant), Mr. Leonard Molloy, M.A., M.D., hon. surgeon of Blackpool division; Mr. H. Faulkner Old- ham, hon. surgeon, Morecambe Division; Mr. E. T. Newbound, Preston; Mrs. Davies, president of Nursing Divisions; Miss Fletcher,hon. sec. of divisions; Captain Waring. local supt.; Councillor Hulse, secretary; the Chief Constable (Mr. L. Talbot), Drs. Smith, Braide, and Adams, and Mr,RogerParr.

THE SR VICES OF POLICE. The Chief Constable has received a letter from Dr. L. Molloy, expressing thanks for so kindly granting the use of the Police Station and affording such ready and valuable aid, in carrying the review to a successful issue. He also expressed thanks to the inspectors, sergeants, and men for their courtesy and kindness. He had always found the various police forces anxious to help in the ambulance cause, and the Warrington police proved no exception to the rule. He says in con- clusion :—"J trust they may persevere in their efforts to win the Police Cup, and they may be crowned with the reward of success in the future.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
IS NIGHTMARE EVER FATAL? '

"Rarely," said a physician to whom the question was put the other day. The terrible visions which fall under this description are generally due to disturbances of the digestion. During sleep parts of the body a.e being replenished, and food should be taken before ileeping in order to supply the nutriment for this. When it causes night- mare, some corrective should be applied. Ono or two bile beans form an excellent corrective, as they are purely vegetable in nature and operate differectly to the old-fashioned and imperfect medicines of the fifty years in use' type." This valuable advice from such a well informed quarter is confirmed by practice. "I had liver trouble which so disordered my digestion as to some times make me absolutely unable to retain food. At night I often could not sleep at all, and when I did sleep I had most awful nightmare. I always used to dream of death !" So says Miss Mabel Mills, whose address is given below. "Often when moving about the house was so dizzy that I would for a few minutes be coot pletely dazed. My headaches were most acute, and many a day I have gone about with vinegar bandages round my head. Constipation was also present and caused me considerable pain. Until I tried Bile Beans I sought in vain for relief. This vegetable .prepara- tion, however, proved equal to my difficult case, and from beginning with it I rapidly improved. lam now cured, my digestion is sound, and I can sleep with- out being troubled by disquieting dreams." Miss Mills livesat "The Woodlands,' West Green, Tottenham. The operation of bile beans is particularly mild. They do not merely purge, giving temporary relief only, like the old-fashioned so-called remedies of forty or fifty years ago. They act directly on the liver and digestive organs, strengthening and stimulating those organs to perform their natural duties. They can be discontinued after the cure is effected; they are purely vegetable; they contain no harmful drugs, and they are the safest medicine. Do not accept any other preparation offered as "just as good" and with a similar sounding name.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE, SEPARATION, AND SUICIDE IN

EIGHT WEEKS,

Quite a sensation was caused in Hayfield at a late hour on Tuesday evening, when, after pluckily dragging the Kinder printworks reservoir alone for four hours, Police-constable Hill recovesed the body of Robert Tonge (23), a quarryman well-known in the place. Tonge had only been married eight weeks' and for the past month had been in ill-health. On Monday the young couple separated, the wife going to New Mills and the husband to his father's in Hayfield. At three o'clock in the morning Tonge left his bed and did not return; his boots were found in an outbuilding, and later in the day his cap was found floating on the water of the reservoir, from which the officer subsequently recovered the body.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
s.„.„r ~,..„.,,Av:, ..,: 1 +: ..,_• -IX :

a,„l * *-* w . A- :.,-,5,

EVENTS. 'DIGESTION

===== 0002601_19030626_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
V. 747/ ifelMennii 1 W4/11/1 _l# rirt Tr is .eA\ 4-12EAKABLIE * *,

BY HARRIS BURLAND, AUTHOR OF ibACOBRA", ETC.

CHAPTER IV. rue HOUSE IN THE WOODS.

THE little village of Garth lies on the shores of Cardigan Bay. It has but a single stmet of small white houses extending for nearly a mile along the Coast. The backs of those nearest the sea are built up and fortified with row after row of piles and balks of timber fastened together with iron chains and clamps. For the sea is fierce when the tides are high and a west wind is blowing in Cardigan Bay. The very houses themselves are low built to meet the storms, and the plates are strength- ened with layers of cement. But year after year the sea takes its toll of the inhabitants. It sweeps their homes with water and strikes them with flying shingle. It fills the back yards knee deep with foaming waves and carries away the outhouses. At one end of the village it even undermines the masonry itself, and beats some hapless cottage into a heap of bricks and mortar. And year after year the patient folk rebuild, and re-fortify, and replace, content to live on their ridge by the courtesy of an angry ocean, though within half a mile the cliffs begin to ,rise from the beach, and their houses might be built on solid rock for all time.

The inhabitants of this little place are chiefly sailors and fisherfolk. Captains are exceeding plentiful. Some have retired on their savings and make a rich harvest by yating out *their tiny rooms at exorbitant ates to visitors in the summer. Others are on active service. For months, for a year, for two years perhaps they disappear and return with considerable savings and much to tell to those that I wait for them. Rough fellows some of them are, mostly small and tough, but men to whom the nation owes much. they live a hard life and enjoy their rest kvhen it comes to them. A stranger walking down the street would say he had never seen so many loafers in a village before—strong able bodied fellows lounging in the doorways with pipes in their mouths and absolutely idle from morning to night. Yet more than one of them has compressed as much physical labour and mental anxiety into forty-eight hours as most people experience in six months.

To the north of the village the country lies flat and low, a mere line of sand hills and shingle ending in the estuary of the Llyn. To the south it rises into hills, and the coast line changes to cliffs 500 or Goo feet in height. with enormous rocks piled up at their bases, through which the sea rushes with thunderous clamour, and the 'burst of foam and spray. Directly behind the village and almost on a level with the high tides stretches the great bog of Gogerddan. It is intersected in every direction with dykes, and a small river flows thrOugh it from the hills to join the Llyn. Some of these dykes are filled with dark brown water and are absolutely stagnant. Others feel the ebb and the flow of the tides, and their depth depends on the movements of the sea up the estuary some four miles off. The bog is covered with heather and rushes and is almost valueless as pasture. The peat, however, supplies twenty villages with fuel, and the stacks of it break ;the monotony of the surface with tall brown heaps, built •up square and sturdy like the towers of some old fortalice.

All round this bog and on the far side of the estuary rise the mountains, towering out of woods into barren escarpments of rock. Most of them are •over two thousand feet in height, and they form so gigantic and impos- ing a wall that one is surprised to ;3 e e further heights rising above them in the far distance. These are part of the great barrier of Wales, and to this day they have kept the Welsh customs and Welsh language as living things in spite of the great tide of Saxons that beat against them from the East.. At .the foot of these hills lies the village of Trethol, noted through all the country side for its flannels, which are woven on hand- looms in the houses of the ccfttagers. And looking across the bog from Garth one large house stands out white and clear among the trees, and when the sun is setting its long line of windows turn it into a bar of flame. Behind it and on either side the woods run up the mountain. In front its gardens slope down to a long grey wall, beneath which the woods again encircle it, and the tops of some of the trees are almost on a level with the coping of the wall, and so steep is the descent that it is almost possible to lean over and touch their boughs.

Here, one evening in May, nearly twelve months after the events recorded it;‘, the last chapter, a young girl stood alone and gazed across the Gogerddan to the sea. In the light of the setting sun something sparkled on her cheek like a drop of liquid gold. Her face was very beautiful, and her beauty was only emphasised by the sorrow in her eyes as she gazed out across the sea. In her hand she held a small scrap Of paper, ragged and creased with much handling. Every now and then she would read it and press it to her lips. It only contained four verses of indifferent pooetry ; but even Shakespeare might have been proud of such a tribute from so fair a maid. The lines ran as follows:

Have you remembrance of that night. The long low line of tawny sand, The sullen stretch of marshy land Beneath the mountains' purple height The cottage lights upon the lea, The ebon cliffs against the sky, The weary curlew's farewell cry From shadowed field to silent sea;

The path ascending round the hill, The blurred expanse of grey below, The fenpools flaming with the glow Of one gold bar that lingered still ;

Then dark against the topaz light, Two lonely figures, man and maid, And one too trembling and afraid, Have you remembrance of that night?

They were signed " .E.T." "Have I remembrance ? " she murmured to herself. "Have I remembrance ? " And then the sun sank below the horizon, and the one gold bar lingered still, and she heard the cry of the curlew, and saw the flaming light on the fenpools. It was just 4ich a scene as the verses described. " night" came back to her, and she burst into tears. She was roused from her mournful reverie by a:harsh vOice calling from the lawn : Mavanwy r Mavanwy 1" "Yes, father." _ .

"Do you know the time ? Dinner is in half an hour, and you haven't started to dress .yet. You know .the Walroyds are coming to-night? " "Yes, father; I am coming." She hastily dried her eyes and turned her back on the West. But before she -entered the house she looked back once more, and saw the sails of a brigantine silhouetted black against the golden sky. She bit her lip, and passed in. The very F' ';ht of a ship was agony to her. She put on a plain black dinner-frock and came down to the drawing-rooin, There she found her father standing by the fireplace. There was a look of impatience on his face, and he held a watch in his hand.

"It is past the dinner-hour," he said, abruptly. .1 When I was young, guests had more courCesy. and the hostess was always ready to receive them half an hJur before they were due."

Mavanwy smiled sadly. " They are Americans, father," she said gently. " Their ideas are probably dil ferent."

Air. ,lorgan looked at her with disapproval. "Is that your best dress ? " he said, harshly. !' You look as if you were voing tu a funeraL4

" Black suits me, father," she answered; and she looked at herself in the glass with a little smile of vanity..

And indeed she looked superb, with het ,irk hair and dark eyes, and her white arms and shoulders flashing from the sombre material of her dress. ''Yet it was not for that reason she wore black, and her father knew it, and it was the knowledge that made him speak so bitterly. As a rule, he cared nothing for a woman's dress, and regarded any smart- ness as a sign of ethpty vanity. "You are not old , enough to wear black," he answered.

Then he consulted his 'watch again, and frowned.

A hard, cold man was John Morgan of Llynglas. Bred up in a strict Nonconformist family, he added all his natural harshness of character to the somewhat stern and narrow principles of his particular sect. He was poor, but poverty had had no chastening effect upon his mind. It had only served to warp his soul and arouse the worst traits of his nature. In his father's lifetime he had seen a fine property dwindle down to a few hun- dred acres of barren land, and a house which was only a mockery when there was no money to keep it up. He had not even the satis- faction of knowing that this was due to extrava- gance, and that he could lay the blame on a dead man. It had been due solely to a grasp- ing spirit which he had himself inherited, a desire to make more money without the ability to make it, a longing for io per cent. instead of a safe 4 per cent., an inclination to enter into the wildest schemes if they held out promise of immense fortunes. It is often the peculiarity of the hard and grasping man, that though he will save pennies at every turn, and strive his utmost to do other men out of odd shillings, yet he is utterlyl reckless when his vision is dazzled by prospects of gold and he is the easiest prey of the clever and unscrupulous adventurer. Such a man had been Morgan Morgan, and his son now reaped the fruits of his avarice. The great house was almost as empty as a barn. The finest pictures had gone from the walls, and had not even been replaced by inferior copies. The library was a mere row of empty bookselves. The dining-room would have disgraced a third-rate restaurant. The grounds about the house were ill-kept and overgrown with weeds. But the sight of all these things failed to impress John Morgan with the vanity of earthly possessions. It only filled him with a strong and immovable purpose, to make good the waste, to restore the fortunes of his family at any cost.

It was therefore the irony of fate that two years ago young Emrys Tredegar should have fallen in love with his daughter and won her heart. The young man, though of a family even superior to his own, was, if possible, in a still more hopeless financial condition. But Emrys Tredegar was dead—or, to use a phrase made familiar by the South African war, " missing "—and it seemed now that matters might work out to a satisfactory conclusion. Before young Tredegar had sailed for Peru, he had let his house to two rich American brothers—the Walroyds, of Chicago. They were .reputed to be millionaires, and though nothing was known of theiri previous history, that was . nothing to their discredit. They hailed from a country where men became rich in a single night, and no one comments :on the fact. The elder brother Cyrus P. Wal- royd was undoubtedly in love with Mavanwy. He had even expressed his desire to marry an Englishwoman of good family and re- -suseitate the fortuneof some fallen house for his own children.. The only obstacle to the consummation of this ideal match was Mavanwy herself. And that is why 'on this night her father snapped like an angry dog at her, and the mere sight of her black dress irritat- ed him beyond endurance. He looked once more •at his watch, and tapped his feet impatiently. Mavanwy had seated herself in a chair, and was idly turn- ing over the pages of a magazine. His mood was such that he could not leave her , alone.

"I hope you will be civil to these VValroyds to-night, May.anwy," he said, abruptly. "They are people I wish to keep friends with." •

" Why should I not be civil ? " she an- swered, scarcely raising her eyes from her book.

"The last time they were here you were barely so. But I must ask you to remesober that my •guests must be treated with cor- diality."; _

Mavanwy flushed, and looked her father straight in the face. "Which one do you wish mc to be most civil—to be most cordial to ? "

Mr. Morgan bit his lips with vexation and turned his back on his daughter. Then he suddenly. swung round and faced .her.

"Cyrus Walroyd loves you,. Mavanwy," he said sternly. "I am honoured" he said coldly, "and I am sorry for him. I am, as you know, not likely to return his affection." At that moment there was a loud ring at the bell, and a heavy knock at the hall door. A few moments later the door was flung open by a wizened old butler attired in very ill- fitting clothes, and two men entered. May- anwy rose to meet them and extended her hand with a smile. The elder took it in silence, and the marks of his muscular fingers could be seen on the flesh when he loosened it from his grasp. .y.The younger took it with ,more elaborate courtesy and less warmth. Both apologised curtly, for their unpunctuality which was due to the breaking of a shaft on Taliesin Hill. They had walked the last three quarters of a mile. The two brothers were fine men, lean, square built, • and tall. John T. Walroyd, the younger, had the high cheek bones and keen angular face which in some mysterious way the true born American has inherited from the soil, as the North American Indian did before him. The features of the elder were of a coarser type. The face was mote square and the jaw more heavy. It was plain that both were masterful men, each in his own way, the,. elder by brute force, and the younger by sheer tenacity of purpose which would travel by many a devious path, but always keep the goal in sight. They would both have been handsome if their clean shaven faces had not been so deeply lined. To a casual observer they would have seemed types of the strenuous business man, whose fortune has been built up by sheer hard' work, and has cost many an anxious clay and sleepless night to prevent it from tottering to the ground. But a student of character would have .seen an expression in their eyes which had nothing to do with the making and retaining of money. In one the savage nature of a tiger, in the other the keen look of a wolf that is hunting down its prey, and yet has itself to avoid the hunter.

Both men were faultlessly attired. Their coats were just the right length, their trousers just the right cut. They had not an article of jewelry between them, and even their studs were of plain white enamel. Their ties hit the happy medium between severe sim- plicity and artistic negligence. To all appear- ance they . were two ordinary English gentle- men of tact and culture. Only a keen obser- ver could have detected something out of the common behind their mark of politeness, something that spoke vaguely of another life they haZlived, a life in which evening clothes and faultless white ties were unknown quantities. The dinner was, as such things go, a success. It is true that the food was plain, and that the cook had done nothing to elaborate the scanty materials at her command. It was also true that the wine was indifferent. But both host mitt hostess proved themselves accomplished entertainers. Mavanwv's natural sweetness

of character showed itself to the best advan- tage, though her heart was sad, and she dis- liked at least one of her guests. Her father in spite of his harsh nature, was a man of no ordinary ability, and whatever he had to say about a subject was worth listening to. The two Walroyds were full of anecdote, There beemed to be few parts of the world that they had not seen, and their terse quiet method of narrating the most stirring incidents would have been a valuable ol*ct lesson to many novelists. After dinner Mavanwy left the men to smoke their cigars, and strolled out on the terrace. It was a warm night and she longed for the fresh air. The whole atmosphere of the dining-room had been false and artificial. She knew well that at least three members of the party had been thinking of one thing and talking about another. That Cyrus Walroyd had, been thinking of her, and had scarcely been able to conceal the passion in his eyes. That her father had been thinking of restored prosperity; that she herself had been thinking of Emrys Tredegar. And though she did not know it, John Walroyd's mind had been farther atvay than any of the other three. The moon had risen, and the bog of Gogerd- dan was . white with wreaths of mist. All round it the mountains towered up like a gigantic wall of ebony. In the distance the little village of Garth showed like a dim black line. The sea was marked with a broad path of silver. A single ship stood out against the glistening waves. It was motionless and apparently riding at anchor. Mavanwy could see its lights and she sighed. There was happiness in one cottage to-night. She knew that whenever a ship anchored in the bay it meant the brief but joyful visit of some father, or brother, or husband. In the morn- ing he would put off again, and the ship would go its way. A faint breeze came from the sea and stirred the tops of the pines beneath her feet. Then she saw a tiny speck of bYack moving towards the vessel. It was a boat. She turned away and buried her face in her hands.

A few minutes afterwards she heard foot- steps and saw the red tip of a cigar glowing through the darkness. Then a white shirt front gleamed through the shrubs, and Cyrus Walroyd came to her side. "It is better here than indoors, Miss Morgan," he .said abruptly. "My brother and your father are talking business. I looked for you in the drawing room." "It is a lovely night," she answered simply, "but it is getting chilly," and she half turned as though to go. "Yes, it is a lovely night," he said, throw- ing his cigar to the ground, and coming a little closer to her so as to bar her path. She looked up at him and smiled a little uneasily. She knew what was coming, and thought it best to get it over. She sat down on the coping of the wall, and looked out towards the sea.

"The moonlight on the waters is beauti- ful," she said after a pause. "One can scarcely imagine that ship to be real. -It ought to have silver masts and sails of cloth of gold, and be laden with jewels, an.l apes, and peacocks. Its crew should be swarthy men of the East with rings in the r ears and swords and gay sashes. But I fe...r they are very ordinary people and that the cargo is most likely coal." "Do you not like coal, Miss Morgan," he said, "and—and ordinary people? To me they are more useful than apes and peacocks, and dark eyed Easterns, and being more useful, are better."

"I think," she replied, "that one wants something useless and picturesque now-a- days. There is too much talk of facts, and progress, and machinery. Life is not all a commercial undertaking." "Nor is it all a dream," he answered tenderly, "though of late even I have been dreaming. Miss Morgan, I am a plain man, who has roughed it in all parts of the world. I have had to fight my way and I have got many scars in the process. I am rich, but there is something I want more than wealth. I have not the pretty language of the poets at my command, but I will tell you what I want in half a dozen words: Mavanwy, I love you, and I want you to be my wife." He came closer towards her, and tried to take her hand. She drew it gently aside and stared out at the silver pathway on the sea, as though she expected to see someone rise out of the waves and come towards her. For a minute or two there was silence. A solitary curlew cried down in the bog of Gogerddan, and in the far distance there was the sound of a horse's hoofs clattering along the road to Trethol. The man's eyes watched her face hungrily, but the face was almost like a mask of stone.

" Mavanwy," he repeated, "I have asked you •to be my wife. I am rich, and your marriage with me would meet .with your father's approval. I love you passionately. This is not the love of a boy. It is something too strong and terrible to speak much about. I cannot pour words of love into your ears. If I spoke them I do not know what I might say,"

-She turned round and looked at his face. The moonlight was upon it, and the dark lines looked as though they had been traced with a pencil on the face of a marble statue. It was grim, drawn, and immovable. Only the deepset eyes glowed with passion, and they almost seemed to devour her as she met them with her own quiet gaze. "It is impossible, Mr. Walroyd," ' she answered in a low voice. "Do you hot know it is impossible ? " " Emrys Tredegar is dead," he answered curtly. "His ship never reached Lima. It was due there more than a year ago. One of the boats was found floating bottom upwards in the South Pacific. Another ship reported the burnt hull of a vessel 200 miles east of where the boat was found. There is little doubt that it was the "White Swallow." All this is history, known to everyone. lam not

inventing it for my own purposes." Again there was silence. The curlew had ceased to cry and had gone to rest. It was more than a minute before Mavanwy answered. She looked out again at the sea with parted lips and clasped hands. Then she got off the wall and faced the man. "Even if he is dead," she said in a low strained voice, "it does not matter. Before he left England I swore I would be true to him and wait for his return. If he comes I am still here to receive him. If he never returns, I have but to wait until I die. Women have done that before now, Mr. Walroyd. They are not so weak as men suppose." The man's eyes blazed fiercely, and striding towards the girl he caught her by the wrists and looked into her eyes. The brute • beast had risen within him, and he could no longer contain himself.

"It matters not whether he be living or dead," he said hoarsely; "I love ,you, and you shall be my wife. I can wait; I have rarely waited in vain for anything that I desire. Do you know that the very house you live in is mine; that this land is mine.if I choose to take it, that I have bought your father body and soul, and could turn you both out of here to morrow." "In other words," she said with a con- temptuous curl of her upper lip, "you have tried to buy me. Let go of my hands, Mr. Walroyd. Your touch is loathsome to me. There are other houses to live in than this. As for my father, he can make his own bar- gains and pay his own debts. A few minutes ago I respected you, though I could not marry you. Masterful men like you compel respect, but one does not respect wild animals. Let go my hands, I say, or I will call out." Her face was white with fury, and for the moment she felt more like a trapped tigress than a sweet natured woman. Her whole soul had risen in revolt at this outrage. Her mind, filled with loving thoughts of the dead, was stung to madness by the rude grasp of this man. Her eyes flashed dangerously. She would have struck him in the face if her hands had been free.

Cyrus Walroyd laughed. This was a: woman after his own heart, and he loved her all the more for this outbreak• of passicn. But a second later a look of horror crossed his face, his jaw fell, and suddenly loosing her wrists he struck savagely at something that was running across one of his own hands. It was only a little harmless spider. But he had struck, as though it had been an adders

Nothing remained of it but a small blotch of blood. • He rubbed his hand vigorcy with his handkerchief, and removed all traces of it. Then he looked up quickly to see if Mavanwy had noticed his action. But she was several yards away from him. He hesitated for a moment, and then turning sharply he walked up the path, and re-entered the house. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19030626_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE

THE FREE CHURCHES.

CAPTURING THR BOARD SCHOOLS.

A great deal of interest has been aroused by the publication, week by week in the Daily News of facts in connection with the adminis- tration of the Act in different parts of the country. These articles are being contributed by a special commissioner of the National Free Church Council, and are based on the returns furnished by Free Church Council secretaries all over the country. The Education Com- mittee of the National Free Church Council prepared schedules dealing with such points as the composition of local Education Autho- rities, and local Education Committees, denominational and political connections of members of these bodies, &c. A great deal of valuable information has been secured by this means, and one fact is being made more and more prominent, viz., that in many parts of the country the clerical party are capturing the nation's schools. Under the management of the School Board issues between the party which favours "definite religious teaching" and that which desires to maintain the compromise of 1870 could be fought out and representatives chosen who would express the people's wishes in this matter. Now, however, that the management of the schools has been transferred to a body elected to pave the people's streets and mend the drains, and with the additional weapon of co-option, the issue is no longer direct, and grave injustice has been done to the rights of Free Churchmen.

TWO UNITARIANS REPRESENT FREE CHURCHE S.

A glaring instance of the denied representa- tion of Free Churchmen is cited from the Parliamentary division of West Dorset, where the Free Churches are represented on the Education Committee by two Unitarians (one a lady). The headmasters of these schools are all Anglicans; the managers of four of them have fifteen Anglicans, including four clergy- men and a Roman Catholic among them. Another striking example is furnished from Lewes. Here the local Education Authority is the Town Council, and of its twentv-two members no fewer than nineteen are Anglicans, while three only are Free Churchmen. On the Education Committee, twelve members have been appointed from the Town Council—nine Anglicans and three Free Churchmen. Six were co-opted—three Anglicans (two clergy- men and one lady), one Roman Catholic (a priest), and two Free Churchmen (one of whom is a minister). So that on the whole Educa- tion Committee five members only represent the Free Churches.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOUSE OF CECIL IN EDUCATION.

Politicians have long enjoyed the amicable family arrangement, whereby the principal offices of government in this country have been placed at the disposal of one family. Why should this be confined to politics, and why, if the Premier places his nephew in power and his other relatives in office, should not a school- mistress be represented on the Board of Management of her own school? Such a ques- tion might well be asked of the instance brought to light in connection with a village school in Huntingdonshire. There is but one school in the village to which all the children go, and this is presided over by a headmistress. At the election of foundation-managers the vicar took the chair. and when a certain nomination was

--ado iar.the position of manager, he refused 114; put it to the meeting as the gentleman was a Nonconformist. Ultimately the husband of the mistress was appointed, also the husband's father. It needs little imagination to conjure up the state of bliss in which the management of this school can be conducted—at the public expense.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKING THE ACT TO KILL THE ACT.

Mr. Lloyd George's scheme to work the Act to kill the Act has assumed practical form. The National Free Church Council has just issued in pamphlet form the speech delivered before the Bristol Free Church Council on "The Work- ing of the Education Act." Mr. Lloyd George strongly expresses his view that the Act should be worked so thoroughly that Church- men would join the Passive Resistance move- ment, and call meetings to secure the repeal of the Act. He details the means his own Councils are adopting in this connection, and puts his view in a clear and practical manner.

OPEN-AIR EVANGELISM.

Although the occasional unseasonableness of the weather has at times led people to forget the delights of the meadow and sea-shore, yet the calendar reminds us that we are starting one of the chief holiday months. Acting on the method of going to the crowds, the Free Church Councils all over the country are arranging open-air services on Sundays and week-clays. The Free Church Chronicle for July presents examples of what is being done for the evange- lisation of masses at seaside resorts. The National Free Church Council has once more brought its Mission Van into operation, and this is at present situated at Cambridge, with the Rev. Jesse Mayo in charge.

THE REV. R. J. CAMPBELL IN AMERICA.

The Rev. R. J. Campbell, the well-known minister of the City Temple, London, is now undergoing the fatigues of an American tour. Extensive arrangements have been made, and he has already numerous preaching and other engagements, so that his visit will by no means be a holiday. A thmit,Thtful sermon by Mr. Campbell appears in this month's Free Church- man, and is entitled "The Near Vision of Jesus." A splendid portrait accompanies it.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A BEAUTIFUL HOME FOR GIRLS.

In spite of the Education struggle, the work of the Free Church Girls' Guild is going on apace. In many parts of the country, homes are being acquired where girls can meet, and where social gatherings can be held. The Guild at Sheffield has just decided to acquire a beau- tiful house in Broomhall-park as a permanent home. It will be not only a residential home for a few girls whose work in Sheffield has necessitated their leaving home, but also a social centre for, it is hoped, a large number of young women employed in shops and business houses, schools, &c., and who by family and upbringing have Nonconformist as- sociations. It is intended to put the management in the hands of a com- petent educated lady superintendent. About kl5O is to be spent on furnishing, and a sum of £.250 a year will be needed to carry it on, at any rate at first, though it is hoped that the house will become self-supporting as far as the boarders are concerned. Accommodation will be provided for ten or a dozen resident mem- bers; the rest of the house will be furnished for the social purposes of the general membership of the Guild.

FREE CHURCH FEDERATION ON THE CONTINENT

The Rev. Thomas Law, the secretary of the National Free Church Council, has arranged to visit Paris for the purpose of spreading the Federation movement, and has also promised to visit Rome, where a large Evangelical Fre* Church Council is already in active ope,atima.

~i••••••••••••••••.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON ROAD GAYTHORN.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLES; WOLF'S

Gents' Solid Gold Alberts from 25/- each. Warranted. Engagement & Wedding Rings

A SPECIALITY. WHEN IN LIVERPOOL VISIT

===== 0002601_19030626_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLES WOLF

Wholesale Watchmaker & Diamond Merchants.

ONLY ADDRESS:

10, RENSHAW STREET: LIVERPOOL.

Marvell°,

lus TALKING MACHINES

All kinds.

Archei 5 St. Ceor, Castle Street, Llverp

r & Sons .ge's Crescent

,--4.-- '"\ .% 1 - - 'l, . .. ......• 'a. ; ,_::::,.. ~... -. .4:--ALZ 3.1 i, ~ . - ' --. --d ..- --',..,',.:: 110110. yd„, 101 - -...... ',....:...t. 1 -,---7-.- .... ~•_„,.......7-7. 4/- 4-,..„7-:-.:-...--..:-.7...-.:7,.... _ To - .....-........:.--- „.,... £2O

===== 0002601_19030626_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
1, , ..ir' ' *t)i~.:,•. -.----...

===== 0002601_19030626_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

way Lower Navigation Company, the East London Railway Company, the Westminster City Council, Public Wharfingers, &c. By way of clearing the ground, Lord Cross laid down, to start with, that two perints stood out- side the jurisdiction of the Committee, as they had already been settled by the House of Com- mons: and, therefore, no evidence could be heard in reference to them. These are the question of the purchase of the Docks, and the question of the transference of the Thames Conservancy. Sir Ralph Littler objected that the Committee being a joint one, the House of Commons could not settle these points without reference to the House of Lords, and Mr. Balfour Browne, on behalf of the London and India Docks Company, protested against the Company being compelled to part with their property without a hearing. Lord Cross, how- ever was firm, and the Committee got to work on his lines 4

===== 0002601_19030626_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CARDIRtd. VAUGHONS UPC.

The main facts in Cardinal Vaughan's career can be briefly "told. Atter being a pupil fast of the Jesuits at Stonyhurst and then of the Benedictines at Downside, he went, in about his twentieth year, to the Academia Ecclesi- astica at Rome to be trained for the priest- hood. There he -met Manning, destined to be his predecessor as Cardinal and Archbishop,who had become a • Catholic no t long before, and had gone to Rome in -the autumn of 1 8 51. The two formed an inti- mate friendship, which lasted till Manning's death -though it was, perhaps, weak- ened by the divergence of opinion between them during the last years of Manning's life, when some of his views underwent a great change. Soon after his return to England as a priest, Father Vaughan was made vice - president of St. Edmund's College, Old Hall, and he subse- quently joined the community of the Oblates of St. Charles Borrameo at Bayswater, of which Manning was the founder and first head. In I 872 Manning's influence obtained for his disciple the bishopric of Salford, and twenty years later, when Manning's death voided the Archbishopric of Westminster, the 4Present Pope chose Bishop Vaughan to be the great car- dinal's successor. Cardinal Vaughan was all his life an ardent adherent of the Ultramon- tane party in the Roman Catholic Church. As Archbishop of Westminster, however, he was hardly a success; he was well-meaning, but tactless, and (as his friend, Dr. W. G. Ward, admitted) quite unintellectual. The mistakes he made were all the more glaring when . they were compared, as they inevitably were, with the statesmanlike conduct of his predecessor, Manning.

VAUGHAN.

_ • -k i\ (#lll6k 1/4..1. -1 \ fi 0 0 0 THE LATE CARDIN/LT-

===== 0002601_19030626_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATEST BRIGHTON WALK.

Pedestrianism has of late been all the rage throughout England. The craze originated with the Stock Exchange walk to Brighton on May Ist, and in the evening of that day the "Evening News," seeing how great had been the success of that sporting event, offered a fifty guinea prize for a " go-as- you-please " race over the saine course. Of course, the value .of the first prize put all amateurs out of court, and a separate race had to be arranged for . them. Between ...three and four hundred entries were obtained for the original race, which came off on Saturday last, but, owing to the inclemency of the weather, only ninety-one starters toed the line on Westminster Bridge at five on

THE START FROM WESTMINSTER BRIDGE. that morning. However, a very good race was seen despite the heavy road, and, as expected, a new record for the journey was ' put up by Leonard Hurst, the well-known long distance runner. Hitherto the record had been held by F. D. Randall, an amateur cf the Finchley Harriers, and his time was 6 hrs. 58 min. 18 sec. This Hurst beat by nearly half-an-hour, completing the dis- tance of 52 odd miles in 6 hrs. 34 ming 50 sec., the second man, H. S. Bell, being nearly forty minutes behind him. There - were in all eighteen prizes and some extra ones, and the race, despite the weather, proved a very great success.

r " A4-T4, llljt II .1 t, 4114 • •I . -

===== 0002601_19030626_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ENGLISH CONDUCTOR OF NOTE.

Mr. August Manns, the veteran musical conductor of the Crystal Palace, well merits the proud distinction just bestowed ,upon him by the Oxford University Convocation. He now possesses the degree of Mus. Doc., honoris causa, and upon no one could the honour have been, bestowed to give more general satisfac- tion to the mus- ical world. His ability as a com- poser is pretty widely known, but not so wide- -I.3i' as it deserves, for Dr. Manns, with the inborn modesty of the true genius, has unfortunately preferred to o much to be the interpreter of others to assert- ing his own pro- ductions. His painstaking ef- "-UST MANNS forts with the Crystal Palace Saturday con- certs have been awarded with phenomenal -success. Dr. Manns is a most strenuous man; in fact, few musicians have worked so hard. He has directed concerts, often given daily— at one time two per day—for forty years and more, and this suggests such an array of figures as could hardly be attained by totalling up all the concerts given by half-a-dozen con- ductors put together, But it is not only in the number of concerts directed that he is famous. His name will be handed down for thC artis- tic results attained, the unknown and import- ant works brought to a • hearing, and, not the least, the ever ready 'help. given to our young English composers.

~..,...---- , i ,1--Z.:. \..,,-- \' . I I( . ‘-:,_.;:- iNe,;7:;' ~ \ I ki\itik\, ti. , /, DR. AUGUS' - ".

===== 0002601_19030626_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PORT OF LONDON

Amongst various controversial schemes which the government stands pledged to pilot through the rough waters of opposition is the Port of London Bill, which is now in the com- mittee stage. Viscount Cross, who for many years occupied important parliamentary posi. tions and a seat in the Cabinet, as Home Secre- tary and Secre- tary of State for India, is Chair- man of the Committe, and he has a difficult task before him, as there have been deposited no less than seventy pet i- tions, and the counsel engaged are legion. Among the bodies repre sented were the London and India Docks Company, the Surrey Com- mercial Docks Company, the Milwall Dock Company,- the London County Couucil, the Corporatic n of Southend, the Essex\ County ;Council, the Lor- ?orations of Maidstone,Chatham and Roche , ter, the Association of Master Lightermen and Barge Owners, the Thames Conservancy Board, the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway Company, the Essex Sewage Commissioners, the Grand Junction Canal Company. the Bled.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIBERIAN MAMMOTH.

The skeleton of the great mammoth re- cently discovered in Siberia, has now been ex- cavated and mounted for exhibition in the Zoological Museum at St. Petersburg. The head of the carcase was exposed by a small landslip on the bank of the Beresowka river. The proboscis and other soft parts of the head were soon eaten by carnivorous animals, and the only remaining tusk was taken out by the natives. •After this damage had been done, the Governor of Jakutsk learned of the dis- covery and arranged that it should be preserved for scientific examination. Dr. Otto Herz, the famous zoologist, happily arrived in good time and has accomplishel the difficult task

FRONT OF THE MANIAIOH DURING EXCAVATION. Df removing the specimen to St. Peters- burg. The carcase was buried partly in ice and partly in frozen earth, which began to thaw as soon as the earth was removed. The most delicate soft parts were in a re- markable state of preservation, and the chief lifficulties arose in preventing the tissues from putrefying when they were taken out. In fact, the skin was so well preserved that it 'las now been stuffed, The skeleton was re- moved and mounted separately, while as many of the soft parts as possible have been !,reserved in various ways in bottles. The skin has lost much of its hair, but some of this has been restored from other specimens in the museum. The animal is a yonng male, and not remarkable for its size.

'ttl inr„, A ~--44';p4.4(j,.,,Z, , 'P , L J;4•1 ' I,,,trir ' .."#lle ':oti • ti.;' ,/i, h ' ['...if I ~' ..,11 , •,..••• . rn,v, tti, .-• 2 ' - ,••-•-' ; &.,',,,..>-:-.,,-..%- - ?•:fr;e._,?: '4,er.' (P**-A,"" ftii t i I ..T ' - --;;-- I• , , /.;;;,/,‘,..*„."1..''4 ~,,, pp..' ..... ........... ~. „ ..,.........---......._%'-- ..„.. ...„, s • 1i.,,.... i . /////'' (, • 0., , ...•• .1 ....I

===== 0002601_19030626_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW LA.

The election of a Royal Academician is always a subject of considerable interest and -;peculation, especially in artistic circles. Last week a general meeting of the Academicians and Associates was held at Burlington House to fill up a vacancy, and Mr. Aston Webb, the well-known ar- chitect, was elec- ted to the full membership of the Academy. This came as somewhat of a surprice to those supposed to be " in the know." The vacancy was thought to lie between four other A.R.A.'s, and Mr. Aston Webb was scar- cely- mentioned by the prophets. The quartette in .question. were Mr. Solomon J. Solomon, Mr. IL H. La Thangue,

Mr. G. Clausen,

and Mr. Napier Remy; but, as is often the-case, another was preferred to the favourites. Mr. Aston Webb, the new R.A. was born in 1849, and has at- tained great eminence as an architect, stand- ing quite at the top of his profession. He was I•lected an A.R.A. in 1897 ; but what set the seal on his fame was the selection of his design ior the architectural portion of the Victoria Memorial in the front of Buckingham Palace. Amongst his other public works, the better known are the arch for the completion of South Kensington Museum and the Royal College of Science; the French Protestant Church; Soho; the Royal United Service In- stitution, Whitehall; the Royal Naval Col- lege, Dartmouth; the new schools of Christ's Hospital; the new Birmirigham University; the restoration of St. Bartholomew's the Great, EC., and many others. His selection is ad- mitted upon every side to be a good one, and has given general satisfaction.

.0.------ ,1 silAßk.. .VI , '.. - i).' •a) \ f I 1 /17 MR. ASTON WEBB, R.A.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SENIOR WRANGLERS.

The position of Senior Wrangler at Cam- bridge is quite historic, and the name of the first mathematician of his year •is always re- ceived with: considerable public interest throughout the country. This year the results of the tripos examination are unusually in- teresting, as two men have been bracketed in the place of honour by the examiners, who could not separate them, and of them one is a board school boy, who, like Mr. Asquith, and other examples, thereby helps to vindicate our system of universal educa- tion. Mr. H. Bateman commenced his education at the Dacie Avenue Board School in Manchester, from which he passed on to the well-known Grammar School with a scholarship. In two he left here, having won a scholorship at Trinity College, Cambridge,

MR. H. BATEMAN. and his proud position of Senior Wrangler justi- fies the enlightened policy pursued in Man- chester and certain other large towns. Another Trinity scholar of 1900 was, Mr. P. E. Marrack, thz other Senior, who was born at Birkenhead, and educated at Blundell's School, Tiverton. He, too, has had a very distinguished 'Varsity career, and Mr. Bateman and he have carried everything . before them in mathematics among the men of their own year. The only woman Wrangler is Miss Hilda Hudson, "equal to seventh," who is a student at Newnham. She comes of a most distinguished mathematical family. Her father is Pro- fessor Hudson of King's College, London, Third Wrangler in 1861. His brother was Senior Wrangler three years later, and his son held the same proud position in 1898. Another daughter was "equal to eighth'' in 1900, while a third took the highest mathematical honours at Oxford truly a ,wonderful records

• --..,:,,. ; • ' aft •iirq '11,,,,), -- 1 \ ... _ ~, ~,,-.. t ,-;-- i t •,,,,..% i/117's -tg44 - ,0.,„•,117-4, r - c.,..),A. / .tior g .) v-- i 0 ..- , I, \ ‘(.4 MR. P. E. MARRACK:

===== 0002601_19030626_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD CRO:

;_-:'4.----:- ~ \\t &4 ,i.. _ t,i,Y / "\('),),1,,,,,, ( epy ss.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, June 26, 1903.

CRICKET.

/Th HO. 4, BIISSBY & CO.'S famed manufacturer's. ; Incomparable 1' Demon Driver "Bats, Every requisite for Cricket. Unequalled Tennis Rackets. Every requisite for Lawn Tennis. Best value Croquet. Modest or Superb. High Grade Golf Clubs. Bvery requisite for Golf. Ask loca. Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue- If not proeurable,apply to 36 and 38 Queen Victoria Street. London. Factories— Peckhare, London; and Himmel, Suffolk. (12)

WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN.—These teams met on the Arpley enclosure on Saturday, Warrington being easily victorious. Score : WARRINGTON. .EARLESTOWN. E. A. Connor b Davies... 28 T. Marsh b Connor lO P. B. Hawtin run out l4 G. Husband b Bibby... 6 A. Thewlis b Davies ....

J. W. Bibby not out B. Silcock not out 45 W. H. Crowther b Connor lO S. Henderson c and h Connor 32 J. H. Alderson c Duck- & worth b Hampson 4 G. B. Leigh b Connor 0 C. W. Emmett b Connor 0 T. R.Howarth b Connor 11 , H. Davies run out J. Hatton not out Extras l2 Extras

Total (for 3 wkt5...167 Total BB BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. BARLESTOWN. O. M. R. W. O. M. R. W. J. IH. Alderson 21 665 1 E. A. 00nn041.4 3 33 7 Howarth H. Davies ll 131 2 G. Halnpson 5 035 1 J. Hatton 5 2 10 0 T. Marsh 3 015 0

WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN (SECOND ELEVENS.) —Warrington second sustained a severe defeat on Satur- day when they:visited Earlestown. Score : • WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN. R. Pierpoint b Harrison 3 H. Barr c Richardson b W. Richardson a Limond Plinston 3l _ _ .

b Rylance 6 F. Reade b Plinston... 27 J. Hammond c Limond b W. Rylance not out ... 89

Harrison E. Pierpoint b Limond 62 Barber b Hallam 3 W. Hind b Harrison 3 .1. Burrell c Hallam b D. Plinston c Goslin b Newbourne Limond 24 E. Goslin c Hallam b _

F. Plinston c Burrell b Bennett 3 Harrison - _

F. Barber c Hatton b son b Bennett 3 Harrison R. G. Pierpoint h Limond 2 W. Hatton c Hallam b G. Newbourne not out 0 E. Pierpoint 33 W. Bennett c Burrell b A. Limond c F. Plins- Limond 0 ton b Pierpoint 3 W. Harrison b E. Pier- point Extras

Total 112 Total ...... ...216 SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HIGH LEGH.—Played on Saturday at High Legh, and ended in a win for the visitors after an exciting game by one wicket and two runs. Score : /UGH LEGH. WIRE MILLS, Surridge cR. Cook b J Clarke c Gorton b Evans 1 Simpson 7 Clegg lbw b Woodcock 0 J. Evans c Simpson b Simpson c J. Evans b R. Surridge Cook Gorton run out 47 Booth b Surridge Hulme bR. Cook Rev. G. A. Jackson c Hawthorn b Surridge 0 Booth bR. Cook 4 W.__Evans c Hulse b _

Kirkpatrick c Woodcock Surridge bR. Cook 0 H. Cook not out Hulse bN. Cook lO R. Cook c Gorton b Southern c Taylor b N Surridge Cook 1 Hatton b Surridge ... 12 Renshaw not out 2 Hackett b N. Cook 0 Extras

' Total 92 Total (for 9 wkts) 94 LvAnvi V. OUGHTRINGTON PARK.—At Oughtrington Park on Saturday. Score

- LYMM. OUGHTRINGTON PARK. H Marsden c Bolt b Telfer 17 W. Bolt cH. Jones b B. E. Wilks run out 2 Marsden l7 W. A. Pollitt run out ... 24 C. Bromley c and b J J. Ferris b Thomason ... 9 Ferris 2 H. S. Saville b Telfer ... 1 H. Whitelegg b Wilks 14 D. Jones c Crawley b F. A. Pickup c W. A. Bromley A. Ferris c Pickup b J. 0. Telfer run out ... 5 Thomason 0 R Brazendale bMarsden 0 B. Lowe c Bolt b A. Westwell c Saville Thomason l7 b Marsden 4 A. Pollitt not out 1 E. Cawley b Willis 0 E. Hewitt rim out 8 W. J. Jones not out ... 9 H. Jones b Thomason J. Thomason b J Ferris 3 Extras

Total 9O

Total

MOORE AND DARESBURY V. ALYANLEY.—This match was played at Alvanley on Saturday, resulting in an easy win for the visitors. Score

LATCHFOkRD BAPTISTS V. EDGE GRF.EN.—Played at Latchford, and a good game resulted in a win for the home team by 23 runs. Scores : _ _

LA.TDIIFORD. EDGE GREEN. J. Hunt b Hill 3 T. Burton b Conway— 1 E. Werrell c Mather b • W. Ince b Conway ... 5 Prescott 8 J. Hill lbw c .Conway 0 T. Albinson c Cotterel b J. Bradburn c Hunt b Hill ll Conway 4 A. Fletcher c Mather b H. Eckersley run out 8 Prescott 1 E. Prescott c Werrell J. Cox c Mather b Prescott 0 b Conway l7 J. Lester c Bradburn b R. Prescott b Cox l7 Prescott - 6 A. Cotterell run out 0 J. Wilkinson b Burton ... 10 A. Causey b Conway 0 J. Conway c Hill b Burton 0 A. Mather b Conway 3 J. Bibby b Prescott E, Cliffe not out . 5 _ 12

A. Albinson c Prescott b Mather Extras

6 Extras

Total

6

Total...

L ATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. C ROSFIELD'S. —Played at Arpley on Mond ty. and an exciting nntch resulted in a win for Crosfield's by 6. Score : LATCHFORD. CROSFIELD'S. J. Hunt b Dickenson ... 3 T. Dixon c Cox b Con-

E. Werrell b Dutton 3 way 1 A. Albinsonb Dickenson 1 E. Warren cA. Albin- A. Fletcher c Dickenson son b C Conway 5 J. Dutton 2 G. Podmore b Cox 1 T. Albinson b Dutton ... 1 A. Dutton b Cliffe 2 Cox b Dickenson J. Lester b D'ckenson J. Bibby b Dickenson ... 0 J. Dutton b Cox 0 E. Cliffe lbw b Dutton... 2 A Dickenson b Cliffe 0 J. Wilkinson not out ... 0 W. Clegge not out 0 J. Conway b Dickenson 0 H. Newall c A. Albin- son b Cliffe W. Connor c A. Albin- son b Cliffe W. Strange b Cliffe Extras 2 . 22

Ext,rns

Total lt Total ... ST. MARY'S V. HOWLEY.—Played at Howley on Saturday. Score :

- ST. MARY'S. HOWLEY. J. Ford b Blinkenslop 8 W. Hunter b McKay... 25 J. Ball 11In out l9 T. Grestv c Ford b _ • _ _ . ..

J. McKay b Blinkenslop 0 Mannicin F. Dean b Blinkenolop... 12 H. Blinkenslop b R. Henegan c Higginson . McKay rq, b Blinkenslop 5 Blinkenslop not out... 1 J.Corcoran b Blinkenslop 12 White b Ball 1 J. Cross not out lO Higginson c Dean b A. Mather b Blinkenslop 0 Ball 3 J. Mannion b Hunter 5 Burgess b McKay 1 W. Beadonb Hunter 0 Betley c Ford b McKay 4 J. McCarthy b Hunter 0 Smith b McKay 0 Chapman b McKay 0 Extras

Total B3 Total 4 THE. LANCASHIRE CO-OPERATIVE TUESDAY

LEAGUE. RESULTS TO DATE. P. W. L. D. p• St.Heleßs -

Warrington Bury 3 ... 1 Blackley

1 ... 1 ... 3 4 ... 0. ... '0

WARRINGTON V. BußY;—Played at Arpley On Tuesday. Score:— BURY. WARRINGTON. Marsden o Rowbotliam Banner o Taylor b b Mann 1 Wilkinson 1 Jackson b Mann 0 Robinson b Fletcher... Wilkinson b Mann 2 Birch b Wilkinson 1: Ogden b Johnson ' Fletcher b Mann 0 Kay b Wilkinson 6 I Taylor b Johnson Ashworth c and b Johnson 0 Starkey o Jackson b Day c Rowbotham b Ogden Johnson - 2 Rowbotham not out... 1 Fish c Johnson b Row- Taylor b Ashworth 1 botham Storey not out 1 worth 2 Booth b Johnson Extras 5 Extras

Total lO

. 5

Total 4l

===== 0002601_19030626_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
"LITTLE ENGLAND BEYOND WALES."

The dampand the varying climate of "Little England 1 beyond Wales," as the county of Pembrokeshire issome- times called, was responsible for the painful experiences I of William Charles, a dairyman, of the Observatory, Hakin, near Milford Haven. He has aroused interest in Pembroke, as he has been known to be a sufferer from i rheumatic fever for very many years, and from its after effects, and experienced a wonderful cure by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. He said: "Eight or nine years ago I had a most severe attack of rheumatic fever. In spite of all the doctors, I did not rally, and all hope of my complete recovery was practically given up. Youare no doubt aware that rheumatic fever always leaves something behind it, often a weakness of the heart, and that is why assurance companies won't ancept a risk on the life of one who has suffered from the disease. In my case the rheumatic pains became chronic and for seven years I was a confirmed invalid. A neighbour told me of Dr. Williams' pink pills, and in spite of my state, advised me to give them a trial, saying that in cases which all ordinary medicines were powerless to touch, these pills have effected their most astonishing cures. I took the pills after each meal. They are not purgative, but, on the contrary,strengthen- ing, and although I did not feel much good from the first box, my wife persuaded me to persevere with a second. I felt a distinct improvement from that box, and before long the racking pains gradually left me and I was able to take food as I had not been able to do for years. I have never looked back since. The stiffness and pain never troubled me again." A good deal is being said in the daily papers on the practice of substitution by shopkeepers who, when asked for well-known remedies, try to sell worthless

substitutes for the sake of greater profit. It is therefore interesting to note that the pills which cured Mr. Charles were the genuine pills. The genuine Dr. Williams' have *- 1,

MOORE AND DARESBITRY. ALVANLEY. l cured par-alysis, Locomotor -ataxy, rheumatism, and S. Taylor cA. Booth b - W. Green c Foster b ;sciatica, and all diseases arising from impoverishment Booth G. Wright bA. Booth ... 16 R. Cobbe c Wright b S i sumption of the bowels and lungs, anfflmia, pale and Wm. Antrobus cT. Booth Taylor b Cobbe ll A. Booth bT. Forster 7 : appetite, palpitations,pains in the back,nervous headache Harry Taylor b Wright l4 W. J. Britland bT. and neuralgia.Purchasersshouldtherefore takepainsto see Rev. E. E. B. May lbw b Foster Cobbe l2 E. Britland bT. Foster 5 pills for pale people; otherwise they are worthless. Dr T. Foster b Wright G. Basnett b Wright 3 T. Booth c May bS. i send a box post free for two and ninepence if there is J. Knight cA. Booth b T Taylor B ooth 24 A. Dugdale b S.Taylor 0 good effects on Women. They are the greatest and Rev. F. Clifton Smith not A.Greenway bT.Foster 0 safest general tonic medicine ever discovered. out J. Millington lbw b F. Matson hT. Foster 0 Charles' case. Wright H. Brough not out 8 . I "Yes, perfectly, and able to follow all my duties Extras ' even of the severest weather—a marvellous thing for 'l4 one who has had the experience I have had in the damp and varying climate of 'Little England beyond Wales.'

Extras

Total

_ .... 123

Total

ST. ANN'S V. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS 2No.—This match I was played on the ground of the former, and endedin a ! win for the home team. Score:—

- ST. ANN'S. BAPTISTS 2ND: Tanner b Stowell Burns b Callon Houghton b Stowell 0 Bennett b Dutton Armitage b Stowell Hall c Adams b Callon 0 Callon c • Millett b 1 Savage run out Hewitt c Warburton b - Ac.kerlay b Hall r Callon Dutton Adams c Tanner b Callon Isherwood b Stowell... 9 Bamber not out ... Meachin not out 0 Walsh b Hall Millet c Knowles b Knowles b Hall Stowell .... Extras

c Bamber b

... 3

Extras

Total 57

Total

===== 0002601_19030626_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WESLEY BICENTENARY. CELEBRATION IN WARRINGTON. Interesting Addresses.

Last week saw the two hundredth anniversary of the birth of John Wesley, and it was fittingly com- memorated in all places where "the people called Methodists" (to quote Wesley's own historic phrase) are found. There was a pilgrimage of British and American Methodists to Epworth, the little Lincoln- shire village where Weslby first saw the light, and meetings were held in all parts of the country. In the course of his travels Wesley frequently visited Warrington and recorded his impressions in his " Journal" from time to time. In the year 1757 he preached "about noon" (upon the 2nd of March) "to a wild, staring people, (very few excepted)who seemed just ripe for mischief', though he added "the bridle was in their jaws." In 1760 he preached (again at noon) in the town." Though many of the' beasts of the people ' were Present the bridle from above was in their teeth, so that they made not the least disturbance." After a brief intermediate visit he came again in 1761 "but what a change !" he recorded" No opposer, nor any trifler now ! Every one heard as for life. In 1766 he addressed at War- rington" about noon, a large congregation, rich and poor, learned and unlearned" and he continued in the "Journal," had' never spoke more plain nor seen a congregation listen with more attention." In 1778,the entry ran: "At one I preached in . Warrington, I be- lieve all the younr, gentlemen of the Academy were there ; to whom fstated and proved'the use of reason, from those words of St. Paul, In wickedness be ye children, but in understanding be ye men." Upon the occasion of a. Latervisit ' Wesley concluded that " at last there is reason to hope that God will have a steady people even in this wilderness." Warrington Methodists did not commemorate the bi-centenary on Wednesday,but on Thursday last week Bold-street Wesleyan Church was the scene of a gathering in every way worthy of the occasion. It was attended by the members of Wesleyan congre*a- tions in the Warrington and Frodsham circnits and speeches dealing with various aspects of the great evangelist's work were delivered by ministers who had addressed the great meeting in Manchester on 'Wed- nesday evening. Mr. E. J. Guest, 8.A., j.P., presided and although the chapel was not filled the attendance , was gratifyingly large. The ministers present in- eluded the Revs, John S. Simon (Governor of Didsbury College and chairman of the Manchester district), Trevor H. Davies of Stockport, S. E. Keeble (editor of the "Methodist Weekly "), G. H. Carnson (superintendent of the Circuit), R. Wilkins Rees, John Gunnell, E. Gelder (Frodsham), W. C. J. Neville, and J. Gardham Reed (representing the Primitive Methodists). Representatives of the Independent Methodists were also present, including Councillors James Evans and Barton. The singing was led by a • special choir drawn from the churches in the Circuits, I Councillor Walter Brough conducting. Mr. Frank I Hickman presided at the organ with his usual skill. • Old Methodist hymns were sung with fervour and great enthusiasm prevailed throughout the meeting. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. WHAT METHODISM NEEDS TO-DAY.

The CHAIRMAN said he had not sought that position, and naturally he should shrink from it, although he felt it to be a great honour to have been asked to take such a position. If he had any fitness for that chair it was relative rather than personal. He might claim to be in a sense nearer to the times of John Wesley than nerhaps anyone else in that house with the exception perhaps of a few. In his family they reckoned generations not by twenty-five or thirty, but by fifty years, so that if his father were alive to-day he would be 110 years of age. If his grandfather Guest were alive he would be about 160; . so that when his grandfather was born John Wesley was about forty years of age, and just on the threshold of that grand work which he accomplished during over fifty years. That seemed to bring him (the speaker) in a way nearer to the times of John Wesley,only two generations intervening. He had been associated with that house of prayer more or less all his life. (Hear, hear.) Hecouldnot say that he remembered the foundation stone of the building be- ing laid, neither could he remnmber the opening ser- vices but he was intimately associated with the stalwart men who co-operated with the Rev. George Dickenson in the erection of that fine edifice. He need not men- tion the names of all—there were Dr. Smith, senior, Robert Garnett, senior, James Dutton, James Carter, Mr. Bennett, of Padgate, John Guest and many others. These men being dead yet spoke to them of sanctified audacity. It was no mean thing fifty years ago to erect a building like that. These men left them an example which, he feared, they had not imitated. A great deal of work had been done in this circuit during the past fifty years,but it was not commensurate,it seemed to hi m,with the work which was started when that noble edifice was built. There was no one in that house that night who had a more profound admiration for John Wesley that he (the speaker) had. He did not think that the young preacher was irreverent when,wishing to commemorate the work of John Wesley, he gave out as his text "There was a man sent from God whose name was John." John the Baptist was a great and burning light, but John Wesley was even greatair than John the Bap- tist, He did a grand and noble work which survived to this day. They must remember that John Wesley as an Anglician clergyman, a priest of the Church of I England, was in many respects narrow' but as a man sent from God full of the Spirit, following the gleam and guidance of the Divine Spirit, he was a man broad as the world in which he lived. John Wesley as an Anglican priest was narrow and looked with horror at the thought of laymen preach- ing the Gospel; but John Wesley, the man sent from God, reioiced that the finger of God was in that work. j John Wesley, the Anglican priest, would have confined I himself to his Parish Church and would have preached j in no church where he was not invited or permitted to I preach, but John Wesley, the man of God, full of the Spirit,looked upon the world as his parish. John Wesley, the Anglican priest, believed only in three orders of , ministry—Bishops, priests and deacons—and he recog- I nized no man as Bishop who had not been consecrated by three Bishops, neither did he recognize the orders of priest or deacon unless they had been ordained by the imposition of the hands of a Bishop, but John Wesley, the man of God full of the Divine Spirit, saw the necessity for ordaining his own Bishops and ministers and sending them forth to and fro throughout the earth. He (Mr. Guest) was a Wesleyan Methodist to his back- bone. (Applause.) After nearly fifty years of careful consideration he knew of no Church that was so fitted to carry the Gospel throughout this and other lands as was the Methodist Church. He dare not leave the Church of his birth. He could never forget that it was in that sanctuary where the Word of God first reached his heart, where he heard those mighty men of God preach the truth which went to his heart andconscience. j He remembered the sermons or the effect that sermons of such men as G. B. Mellor, John Hannah, Morris, Frederick Wooley, and a great number of others made upon him;and he remembered that it was in that house of prayer that he confessed his sins to God at the penitent form. He dare not look upon that church if he had been a renogade to his church. But it seemed to him and that Methodism to-day was not the Methodismthat itwas in the days gone by. It might be that he was getting old and that he was dwelling now upon the past rather than upon the present but when he thought of the ex- perience of men and women who used to speak from that gallery in the Love Feast in the fervour of their souls, when he thought of the earnest prayers they poured forth, he wondered whether the same spirit ani- mated Methodists to-day,if they, had the same strength buoyancy of hope the same tenderness of life, that the old •Alethodists had. They had organization now, it was true, but they wanted more of the spirit of their fathers and he prayed God, that He might give it to them. He trusted that that meeting would not end in the count- ing of numbers nor in the enthusiasm of the gathering, but that it would be the beginning of better days for Warrington Methodism, that there would be a new start from that night, that they would go on and prosper and that the Lord would be with them. (Applause.) WESLEY, THE EVANGELIST. The first speaker was the Rev. J. S. SIMONS, governor of. Didsbury College and Chairman of the Manchester district. He said it always made his heart glow when a man referred to his Methodist ancestry and declared his attachment to the Methodist Church. He thought he might claim a very honourable Methodist ancestry. He was a Methodist of the fifth generation and a Methodist preacher of the third generation. His great- grandfather was selected by John Wesley himself as one of his preachers and he fNind the strain so good that he. sent his brother into the work. The rev, gentleman proceeded to address the meeting on "John Wesley, the Evangelist" and treated the subject in a highly interest- ing way. He directed his hearer's thoughts to the scene on a mount near Bristol, when George Whit- field addressed the rough Kingswood colliers. John Wesley was present at this memorable gathering and his heart was strangely moved. The speaker pointed out how, after addressing a religious society on the Sermon on the Mount, Wesley was led to follow Whitfield's example, and on the next day, April 2nd, 1739, he preached to 3,000 people on a little eminence near Bristol. From this beginning Wesley went to and fro throughout the nation, preaching deliver- ance to the captives, and opening the prison to those who were bound: (Applause): He often wondered what it was that made Wesley's ministry such a power,and he thought the reason might be found in some of the hymns that they sang—he was almost tempted to say in some of the hymns that they did not sing. The speaker alluded to Wesley's intense faith in eternity, his clear Sight of the Judgment Throne, his immovable belief in the doom of the wicked, and then went on to picture Wesley as the evangelist, standing hidden in the splen- dour of the Cross, but unveiling that splendour to the eyes of all penitent sinners who looked to it yearning for salvation. In speaking of the present day needs of Methodism, he said he detested sneers at culture. Let

them have as much culture as they could bear—and some of them could not bear very much. (Laughter.) Let them have an educated Church—a wealthy Church if they liked. He did not despise a good balance at his bankers if he ever possessed one. (Laughter.) He asked them not to descend to that low cant that derided learning, culture and wealth. Let them have a strong and mighty Church, but first and foremost at the very foundation let them have that passion for the well- being of souls, that wide-hearted, clear-eyed evangelism of John Wesley. (Applause). THE MISSION OF METHODISM.

The Rev. S. E. KEEBLE, in the course of an interest- ing address, pointed out that he came into Methodism from the Anglican Church. He thought he could under- stand the spirit of Methodism quite as well as those who were Methodists of the fifth generation. (Laughter.) There were some people who were Methodists because their fathers were and for no other reason, and he felt sure that if any church or circuit had too large a pro- portion of such, death would speedily ensue. Methodism he declared, could never live with a mechanical Chris- tianity. Unless it had the warm loving: heart of spiritual experience it was no use; it was untrue to its past, impotent in the present and it would not be heard of in the future. re ferring to his doubts as a sceptic in his youth, Mr. Keeble said he had found that Christianity was not a matter of the head, but a matter of the heart. (Hear, hear.) He proceeded to refer to the influence which John Wesley's sermons and journal had on his mind and heart. and howhe was finally led to become a Methodist. Addressing himself to the question of whether Methodism was an extinct volcano, he said Methodism had had its day unless it lived by exactly the same spirit with which it began, and unless it kept its hold upon the prime principles upon which it was founded. "Unless there be in us," he continued, "the same spiritual life the same affection for the name of Jesus, the same profound trust in Him and sweet beautiful surrender to Him, the same passion for personal good- ness and the same yearning desire to get other men to participate in that secret; unless there be in our hearts an enthusiasm for holiness and an enthusiasm for humanity then Methodism must die no matter how many 20th century funds you raise or how many millions you give." Speaking of the mission of Methodism, Mr. Keeble said there were three perils before them, and he thought Methodism was best able to deal with them.. The three things they would have to reckon with were materialism, saterdotalism and socialism.. Materialistic philosophy, he said was born, in England, and we should always produce materialistic philosophers It was nothing but the power of John Wesley that destroyed Deism in this country and the Wesleyan Methodists could destroy the materialism of the 20th century, if they had real spiritual men and women. As for sacerdotalism, he felt sure that the supreme religion of the heart and spirit in a living church possessed of the New Testamentspirit of brother- hood and simplicity and spiritual life would be death to any mechanical religion. Finally they would have to deal with socialism. Had they seen the returns from Germany, the most highly educated nation in Europe ? Did they think that if the Germans, who led Europe in thought, believed so much in socialism. that we English people would never have to face it? We would certainly have to face it and unless we could face it with the principles of Christianity, we should havesome dreadful forms of it in our midst. The truth in socialism would be so attractive to the multitude that the 1119.Sses would swallow the errors and immorali- ties as well as the truth. If you are only true continued Mr. Keeble, to the spirit of Primitive Methodism and preach the gospel to the poor, love the common people and build up a ChriAian democracy then you will have something to cope with socialism. You can extract its truth and its errors will perish. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19030626_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL COMPANY'S OBLIGA- TIONS TO WARRINGTON. A Relief Bill Contemplated.

. o . o . o

. 0

ST. HELENS CABLE CO. ATHLETIC CLUB V.'PENKETH CRICKET CLUB.—Played on the ground of the latter on Saturday. Score : PENKETH. S. Hobw)n c and h Mann-

CABLE CO. L. Wood c Ward b

ing 7 Hobson 1 F. Ward b Manning r. Weston b Manning 0 A. Parr c Davies b J. Dodds 9 Manning b Shoobridge .. . 1 Evans 2 H Evans c and b Shoo- A. Bowyer b Manning 1 bridge 6 E. Warburton run out... 5 H. Dutton c Shoo- A. Cotterill b Manning 3 bridge b Hobson 0 F. Shoobridge b Mann- C. Fallows e Hodson 0 lug T. Dunbill not out A.Hodgson c Pickton b J. Connah b Hobson 0 Manning F. Davies run out 2 C. Mktnning b Hobson... 4 Extras

Total 49

Customer First

The way to do business is to put one's customer's interest first: be faithful to him. Fels-Napfha does that; it goes far to make a grocer a good one.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

The litigation between the Corporation and traders of Warrington on the one handand the ManchesterlShip Canal Company on the other has taken a new turn. In the Court of Appeal on Wednesday before Lords Justices Vaughan Williams, Romer, and Stirling, Mr. Moulton, K.C. (with whom was Mr. Clare) applied on behalf of the Canal Company that the appeal from the judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne might be withdrawn and a fresh appeal entered, or in the aljternative that the appeal might be postponed until the next sittings. Counsel said the action had reference to the obligations of the Manchester Ship Canal Company to dredge part of the old bed of the river Mersey below the point where it left the Ship Canal. It was contended on be- half of the plaintiffs that the Company had failed in their duty to keep tilt river dredged so as to allow of , a depth of eight feet at low spring tides. Mr. Justice Byrne, in the Court below, had decided in favour of the plaintiffs, but the order had not yet been drawn up. The defendants desired more time to allow them to consider their position as regarded the advisability of promoting a bill in Parliament. The question was one of very great seriousness, and it might be solved by fresh legislation. No harm whatever would follow the post- ponement of the appeal, and it was their intention to do their best to comply with the interpretation of the Judge. Mr. Bousfield, K.C., for the plaintiffs, said this was a matter of vital importance to Warrington. The ques- tion for the consideration of the Court was not a com- plicated one. It WM as to the liability of the Ship Canal Company to dredge the bed of the river Mersey to a depth of eight feet so as to be available for vesselsat low spring tides. Total 33 Lord Justice Williams: Suppose they go on with their dredging at once? • Mr. Bousfield said that would place the matter on a , different footing. Lord Justice Williams said he understood Mr. Moulton was prepared to go on with the dredging. Lord Justice Williams said it seemed to be hopeless to try to get the matter arranged between the parties, and the Court would deal with it. They directed that the appeal should not be taken for three weeks after the order of the Court below had been completed.

15 Buns for id• You can make 15 large, light, delicious, and wholesome buns from hi. packet of Eiffel Tower Bun Flour for a total cost of 3i-d. It is so easy to use that a child can Flake delicious buns with certain success

===== 0002601_19030626_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WORDS OF ENOOURAGfEIWENT.

The Rev. TREVOR DA.VIES, of Stockport, pointed out that although John Wesley was a great scholar, a great theologian and a great organiser it was as an evangelist that he had re-created England. (Hear, hear.) After referring to John Wesley's evangelistic tours in all parts of the kingdom, and pay: jug a tribute to his great work, Mr. Davies said theY were not there to idolise a great man. They were there to catch the inspiration of his spirit and his message. He had committed to them a most sacred trust, and that trust was to continue the glorious ministry which he commenced in the 18th century right forward into the 20th century. They were sometimes told that the day of Methodism was over, and that she was sinking back into the source from whence she came. He believed that Methodism was only coming in yet. (Hear, hear.) If they were faithful to the memory and tradition of their church, faithful to their founder, faithful to the men who sacrificed everything to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ, then they would realise that Methodism would do a greater work for England in the 20th century than she was ever able to do in the 19th century. The two great evils that beset the religious life of England to- day were superstition and indifference. Superstition went hand in hand with materialism. They were threatened by a return of enervating ecclesiasticism but as Methodists they were determined that no Italian monk should again govern in the committees and schools and churches in this country. (Hear, hear.) The only way of expelling an untruth was by preaching the truth. (Applause.) The Roman Church conspired to keep the soul away from Christ. What with their bishops, their priests, their sacraments, and their ceremonies, the Grace of Christ had to be filtered through dense masses of ecclesiastical debris. He would ask them to sweep it all away in the name of Jesus Christ. If they brought England into contact with the Lord Jesus Christ they would sweep away these dread- ful spectres of superstition that preyed upon the national mind and threatened to hinder the progress of the English nation. Referring to the chilling indiffer- ence to Christianity which was so generally manifested, Me. Davies said England needed bringing to the vision of Christ as John Wesley saw it. It was a wonderful thing that out of one earnest sonlsuch great good should have come. To-day Southey 's it Aiction that the name of John Wesley would be more Widely known than that of Frederick or Catherine had been fulfilled. Therefore let them be`.;" steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the' Name of the Lord, inasmuch as ye know your work is not in vain." (Applause).

===== 0002601_19030626_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES to`F THANKS.

The Rev. JOHN GUN-Z.:ELL proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and speakers, and said the gathering was a memorable one, the occasion was memorAble. He would like to link Mr. Neville's name with the names e had already mentioned. Mr. Neville had had the major part of the toil connected with the organization of the meeting, and had laboured very hard and diligently. The Rev. R. WILKINS REES seconded, the Rev. G. H. CARNSON supported, and the motion was heartily carried. The choir, organist and conductor were thanked for their services, and the Chairman having responded, the meeting concluded with the hymn "All hail the power of Jesus' name."

===== 0002601_19030626_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\\

===== 0002601_19030626_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MIURA OINTMENT

Purest of Emollients and Greatest of Skin Cures. The Most Wonderful Curative of All Time For Torturing, Disfiguring Humours.

Cuticura Ointment is beyond question the most successful curative for tortur- ing, disfiguring humours of the skin and scalp, including loss of hair, ever com- pounded, in proof of which a single anointing with it, preceded by a hot bath with Cuticura Soap, and followed in the severer cases by a dose of Cuti- cura Resolvent Pills, is often sufficient to afford immediate relief in the most distressing forms of itching, burning and scaly humours, permits rest and sleep, and points to a speedy cure when all other remedies fail. It is especially so in the treatment of infants and chil- dren, cleansing, soothing and healing the most distressing of infantile hu- mours, and preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, scalp and hair. Cuticura Ointment possesses, at the same time, the charm of satisfying the simple wants of the toilet, in caring for the skin, scalp, hair and hands from in- fancy to age' far more effectually, agreeably and economically than the most expensive of toilet emollients. Its "Instant relief for skin-tortured babies," or "Sanative, antiseptic cleans- ing," or "One-night treatment of the hands," or "Single treatment of the hair," or" Use after athletics," cycling, golf, tennis, riding, sparring, or any sport, each in connection with the use o 2 Cuticura Soap, is sufficient evidence of this. _ _

Millions now rely on Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for pre- serving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chafings, as well as for all purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery.

MERRY WE AMER'S :.,..,N.,„,0i .) , 3,,„„.1.0..„.", -. , ---,-- , HIG • N-- ' ' °CLASS - •. L.:CARREN- HOSE 63 LO,NAC,Rt.,I-X) ~, NOON. !:--LAFkGESt 'I,;_fikI•C'ERS.PF HIGH ; CLASS HOSE IN THE,WORLD.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU A BAD LEG

With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, perils( surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are IM ol len, the joints being ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to convinue, will deprive you of the ISt wer to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had m2dical advice and been told your ease is hopeless. ci advised to submit to amputation; but do not, fort ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send once a Postal Order for 2s. Gd. to R. W. ALBERT, 73, l'arringdon-stre et. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is acertain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee. Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands. anx. Bunions. t Registered Copyright. i

HUMBER CHAIN-DRIVEN

; • • . I ..t• LF',7 • WI a. • C • 1.6„ • 3

FROM £lO WS. TO £25.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR CYCLES

Faors £42. Cash or Deferred Payments.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_19030626_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ :•

===== 0002601_19030626_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!

===== 0002601_19030626_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
V I .1. 4 i

f .q ~,,,,, I", ti it ~, ,5 t.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
I. A I,t ' t 4

:, 1: f I ''''').'s 1;1",1 ..rli' ',li, i- I, ',V ii

•!:1,7 f A ,

1, Lt

===== 0002601_19030626_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
1,

4. 4' , .. ; ,11 11t1 .e. i,. , 'i.” , iltl.' 14; ',,ftilcij - ~,,..; . ; , •,-;,.,,, '.21:,:',,f1

===== 0002601_19030626_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I ii

t 7 to, IP;',

===== 0002601_19030626_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~, 4

===== 0002601_19030626_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19030626_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19030626_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,t!'" , 71`

I

===== 0002601_19030626_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

. , . ' ,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
ILO "Crammer gimes

TIE • WARRINGTON AND MID-CHREDIIRB IiXAMLNER." published every daturdk— morning.

T" .. &ATILESTOWN AND NEWTON EXA.MINER, published every Friday afternoon.

T" "ST. HELENS EXA.MINER," published every Friday afternoon.

T" •'lturrcons EXAMINEE.," published every Friday afternoon.

THE " IDNIt& Ex rgit stu," published every Friday afternoon.

Pit b.IP AI 0 .i.J171,1,?V[54 1.134' NT ARTMENTS WANT ED Ho US ES: WANI ED PARTM EMS TO LET HO USES TO 3I SOLD RTICLEB LOST BTLCLES Leouxo One

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS NILSC,'ELL • nTS SALES Three Six Weeks. Weeks. ▪ is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. • is 10d. ... 38. Oct ... 23. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... Zs. id. ss. Od. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

Words. Week. 18 27 36 43 54

Domesfit Orrbanto, at

WANT IS 11, Respect.ble G ti&L.—apdly " THE OXFORD." Ashton-under-Lyne.

AVANTED, SHAVANT for Farmhouse ; milk sold ; a good milker ; wages 218.—Apply Toe. W. PICKERING, Edge, 2dalpas.

WANT)HI at once, goo 1 USN Li ; gOD.I wages giver. —Apply Ms. HORNBY, 18, Borth Uresgent, St. Annes•on-the-dea.

WAN I'HU, a good plain COOK, not above 35, Church of Sagland, 222. —Apply afra. blammtsr 2dobberley, Cheshire.

NVANVIL WIN isRAL, reliable at.d useful. from 25 to 30 wages kat; to VU,—Mrs. TRA.via, Clovelly, Clifton Drive, Lytham, Lancashire.

WANTSD, young GSCilail.A.L. ; family two; small wash plain cooking; wages LA to £l6.—Jonri6orr, 1, lulketh-street, Southport,

rcaNvA LI Its good Ci ISnieb, able to wash; homely place, state age ; reference, &c.—SWINGLEHURsT, Wilmslow road, Dichibury, nesr Manchester.

WANTBD a strong GENHUAL. age 18, no family or washing, w4ges £IJ, references.—Apply OLD BEAR PAW, Apple Market street, Northwich.

lATAINTAD, HOUSaIiBRPEH's PLAUS by widow, age V V 40; relisbie ; all duties. Good reterences.—M. H., H.,use, Co lege street. St. Helene

WAI7THD, COOK GHNBRAL. and Housemaid, undez thirty. no washing, references required.—ldre. GOOD- BRAND, Oaklands. Wood lane, Timperley.

W(I ANTED. NNIS/Gib, for private family ; able to wash and plain 'mok ; fond of chi!dren ; good references.— Mrs RICH, saadyeroft, Ansdell, Lytham,

Niv ANTIC() SIMATIO 1 a 3 rli iolfiliKdPdtt ; gentle man's house preferred ; servants kept; experienced person,--Apply 8, CLAYTON STREET, Nelson, Lancs.

NNTANeItD reliable SRRVANT3. Houaemaids, Cooks, Generals, etc., for superior private farnilids,state age. experience —Mac DEAN 31, lalbot Road, Blackpool.

VVANTED GENERAL, for lst August,about 18 ; family of two; able t wash ; reference required.— Apply, between 3 and 5, 21, FAIRFIELD Keep, Stockton Heath.

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town,public and private. —Call or write Miss ilanMeoN's (only office). 6 Oldham street. Manchester, Estab 1862.

WANTRD good GIOIRKaLS, Huusemaids, Cooks and Kitchenmaids. References required.—Mrs TAYLOR, Select Registry Office, 5 Sion street, Radcliffe, Manchester.

\iv ANTED MOTHER'S HELP or Nursery Governess. for three children ; must be good needlewoman. salary ; comfortable home.MA9 WELLs,Kilmore Brae Haleatltrincham

WA.NTED. COOK-GRNBRAL, June Ist; three family; doctor's house; housemaid kept; good wages.— references. &c.. to VALENTINE Housk,Blackley, Manchester.

I,IXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES et a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NITRBEB INSTIFU- fIoN, 70. tiope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 670. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

OOKS WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitresses £l3 k..) to £-2. Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. No onneetion with any other office.—Write to fleaaisoN's, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

LAOKPOOL HOTEL HMPLOYiSS AGHNUY, 31, TALBOT BOAD.—Wanted, all classes experienced oervants, Waitresses, Housemaids, Stillroom-maids. Generals and Others. Good wages.—apply at once.

ALL CLASSIM OF cITIJATIONS. private and public good homes. excellent wages; places in town, country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDlttir ESTABLISIIA.D IiAGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Mancbebtrr.

WANTISU FORTY 0.13010 VAN ta tor tiott3lB,l3oard- ing and private Houses for Blackpool aud district, good wages; enclose stamp. --Mrs PRESTON'IS itEGISTHY. 44 Charles-street. Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteb.

101IMUNBRATIVII AGIiNCY offered writer, BEIRSWELL BooT Co.. 107 South street, Greenwich.

AGHZIM Wanted for Fountain Pens. Samples free.—Write IdJursoEu. • B• Dept., 47 Westfield Creteent, Leeds.

AGNNTS Wanted immediately. Niteeptional terms.— Apply THE INDI-Cnizio TEA ABSoctwrisrt, West Nor- wood, Loudon.

111.11,H6 WANTED Copying work lbs and upwards earned in spare time. tamped address to PEnnort,ll2 Walker street. Hull.

luA OLE SKINS WANTED, nny quantity, best price sYI given, cash per return post.—GlUNTuam, Waterloo Cafe, Bridlington.

AGIINTS WANTlll3.—Large remuneratlab. easily earne I. —Apply by letter only to THE REAL WATCH CO, 33, ornington road, N.

-"U OLtiSKILIS WANTED, any quantity, best price given .131_ cash par return post.—Apply I. T. ORANTEAM, Water- loo Cafe, Bridlington.

ANTAD, Uoder-cowman and Carter, cr lad, for Sussex. State age. wages, elaaracer.—fteply Mrs. JOHNSTONE, Z 3. Drayoott Place, S.W.

PROFITABLE HOMHWOBK found for ladies or gentle- men; no experience required.—Address Co, 6, Gt James street, London KU.

lONGLIA'S Detective Office, 3, Featherston buildings , Holborn, London, for private Inquiries, secret watch ngs, and all aonfidential matters,

LD ARTIKOIAL THHTH, old gold, etc.. bought in any / condition. Highest value in cash by return post.— THEIKETtoPAL Co., 139. Oxford street,London, W.

t CLERK or Assistant WANTED. spare time, good open- lug ; send copy testimonials, stamped addressed envelope for reply.—H CAMBRIDG&, 47, Fleet street, London

YPEW/lITiNG and DUPLICATING OFFICH• 1 VACANCY occurs In conyitag department for PUPIL. Apply Manageress B. FODMORE It Co., Bewsey chambers, Warrit.gton.

H OMB WORK by the quickest and latest improved Herr Mon Knitting oachines. Highest wages earned, Lists free. HARRISON KNI.TTINEI MACHINE C0.,LTD.,48, Upper Brcok-etreet, Manchester.

A GENTS WANTED FOR PARKINSON'S PHOTO- .,tI. GRAPHIC SPECIALITIES. Full or spare time. Male or femals.—Apply PAtuaNsoN, Photographer, Queen's Gardens, Warrington.

WANTED, an Agent in every town In England to sell a Patent Beer saver to Publicans, commanding great sales. Traveller in the trade preferred.—Apply J. T. ThonicroN, Paddock, Huddersfield.

IF You WANT AN Arrut Lhe Ocean Liners as Steward. Stewardess, Cook, Waiter, Butcher, Baker, rantrymam, Stoker. Coal Trimmer Zte ,serb stamped address for particulars to WILLIAM BREAKALL, 14 Chatham road, Blrkdale, Southport.

-WANTBD. experietried and practical hatter's fur cutter, capable of taking prirt management. Address in confidence stating experience and wages required.—W. BOLMEBDALE, 47 Fleet itreet. London.

EQUIRRD YOUNG WOMRN to train as Cottage Mid. it wives and Nurses. State age, own and Parents' occu- pation. Referen3es :employer. minister, and doctor—Reply by letter only, Mrs. JOHNBTONE, 33, DraycAnt Place, S.W.

ANITARY INSPECTORS AND LADY HEALTH VlSlTORS.—Salaries £lOO to £350 several hundred vacancies annually ; postal lessons commencing for Man- chester Exam. experience unnecessary Fee 25e. Muslims. Science Teacher. Sunderland.

2 S. to 40s.weekly can te earned by anyone in their spare t 1 time. Huge demand. enormous profit, Send P.O. for Is. at once for instruction, &c., to C. MoRRIB, Box 1250, c/o narrow & Thatcher, Advertising Contractors, 13-15 West Street, Cambridge Circus. London. W.C.

EIN vi.r.A.LKER AND CO. DDRE.SL printed ES.yannhnley size Pamphlets, Sergeutaanritlltsy. Reports .k`A.and COAL Memorandums. &c TICK NIB, B illheads,

pLACARDS, in Blqck and Coloured Inks, to any size or pattern, and on any colour of paper.

RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oddfellowe' Foresters, Druids Shepherds sick. Burial, and Trade Societies.

JOHN WALKER AND CO„ BEWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON

A PARTMENTS TO LET; comfortable sitting-room, two 11 bedrooms,with atttndance or without,terms moderate. —Mrs. NEWBURY, Acton Burnell, near Shrewsbury,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Ogg, Voultrp, eft.

Do URE BISCUIT MHAL.—Plain, lOs per cwt.; with,meal. 12s 6d. ; tine chicken mesl. 12s 6d. : put on rail ; cash with order.— EWING and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street, Liverpool.

SPANG LE D Oroingtons, 11.'1 and Black Orpingtons, Minorca, Andalusians, 1,4130rn5, Rocks, Campines and Wyandottes, 3s. doz.—W. Aleyoa,Borough Hill Poultry Farm, Daventry,

EGGS perfectly fresh after being preservel many mor.ths Ii by the medium of our pure concentrated 'Mating solution, costing under One Penny per dozen, Reduced price this season 101 for two 14b tins, post paid, with full direetions.—DOßßlE, Waverley Works, Leith, N.B.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LANFAIRFitCHAN.—Comfort Ole APARTMICNTd, on Promenule.—Mies !dolma, 3 Glan-y-mor terrace.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
CILBVIILEYS.—APARTMWNTS. Public and Private; near k,/ cars and Sett.—Mrll. PARTINGTON, 2, The ()resent.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
SOU IHr HT.—Gdod APAftrall£NTS ; moderate; sitting one or two bedrooms ; good cooking.-68. TALBOT ST.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHPOHT.—Mrs HILLSDOW. 4 Cutle street, off Lord street. Comfortable A.PARTAIHNTS, close to Promenade.

'ii 0111304.11113/1, W IL—Comfortable APARTMI3NTS;bath. piano;terms mod.—Miss SHARPLEs,IOS,Chats worth rd

===== 0002601_19030626_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A liSDELL—DOUBLIC-PRONTHD HOLISM ; 2 large 11 entertaining, 4 t•edronms, bathroom; garden.—RED- CLIFFR. Oxford road, Anadell, Lytham.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Otiutatton.

The Examiner, Friday, June 26, 1903.

Rpartments, furnibeb Lotte, ett

fitisrelianous, on op ale, me

43f(flullattou5, Jan g'ate, rte.

ATS I 31ICB I—Kaslene 2 destroys.—Send three stamps (.ample).-KAEILENE Co.. 6, Carey lane, London.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
]OR SALE, ) PonrCbalse, no further use- No reasonable 1 offer refused.—MAOHELL, Brandon Hill, Croydon.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OPPORTUNITY.

THE CRYPTO WORKS, LTD.,

HIVE MARRED EVERY SHOP-SOILED AIVD SECOND-NAND MACHINE IN STOCK AT EXCEPTIONALLY LOW PRICES. FROM £2 2s. TO EFFECT SPEEDY BALL WRITE FOR LIST. EASY TERMS. 29, CLERRENIVELL ROAP, B.C.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
gmorits, Zurontogeo, elf.

to be Ed.

FOUND DEAD.

QANFORLYS -POISON for Killing Rats answers kJ well. "After one dressing I found 136 dead neat morn- Buss, Helatborpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Polson."—C. Coox, Farmer. Bilesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—O. WILSON. Offord.—Send Is 2d to SANFORD A SONS, Sandy St. Beds. Sold by Chemists.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'bare.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE INFIRMARY

IS THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO BMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS.' TYRES RE-RUBBERED AND RE-LINED EQUA TO NEW IN TWO .DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's Sadie., B.S. t.,mi I hater Lee fittings, Agent for PalmerTyres. NOTE ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING OF EVERY VARIETY WITH

NEATNESS, CHEAPNESS, AND DESPATCH

AT Tfiß " EXAMINEgrOFFICE, TELEPHONE 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
liil ANTlin immediately COOK, small family; wages £25. —Apply Mies Hoosos, 19 lrlam street, Warrington. ,

'W ANTED a Good strong GIRL, for fartnhouse,—ApplY JACKSON. Bridge Vann. Handlorch, near Manchester

===== 0002601_19030626_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
AATANTED, A PPRIONTIC tt to the MILLINERY.—AppIy T MRS BooTEI,II Fletcher etret t,Wilderspool.Warrington•

===== 0002601_19030626_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WTWu YOUDIO LAWS* as instructresses and Collectors for sewing machine business.—Apply tO JONES SEwlrio IVlscniNE Co. Sankey street, Warrington.

LABDUDNO.—Mrs. WILLiAId JOLNISki, 6 outia Parade; Jl__4 (sea view), home comforts and good cooking

===== 0002601_19030626_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TO LBT HOUSE AND SHOP, 18, Market Streat Barlas- i. town—Apply:R. JONES, 6, Bridge St., Earleatown.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NA.B.NThsI"."7"-enuine indoor Writing n° k..) canvassing Stamped addrese for particulars.—RlDLEY, Benton Way. Walleend.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
REALLY Lif.-like Oil Portralts,palnted from photograph'' £5 s.—Mr• HEAT -ix, 24 WAstrilifte Road, Whitstable. TIVVALUABLIII Recipe for Hair-restoring, by MD .. sena 1 P.O. Is Id for same.—JoxEs, 1 Bryntirion Street. Dowlais, Glamorganshire.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
60 AND NOT A WRINICLIC by using Graham'. MAGNOLIA CREAM, le 31. 2e 6d.-21 STRATIP 1 WEN STREET, Southwark Park, London.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
v_ll

===== 0002601_19030626_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7 ST. ANN'S SQUARS. BIANCIINSLICR.

TT I.AI ALL- NIARKED SILVER, GOODS.

Established 1830.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JUNE 26U3, 1903.

AFRICA has, from its BAD NEWS FROM first appearance in AFRICA. history, been a land of uncertainty and 414 aster, and there are many reasons at present ll'hy the mind of this country should be seriously Perturbed in regard to events that are now in pro- gress there. In the House of Commons Mr. CHAMBERLAIN made some attempt to explain the situation in Northern Nigeria, the scene of Sir FREDERICK LUGARD's rapid and unauthorised ex- ploit. The Hgh Commissioner of Northern Nigeria s&zed an erupts which had some preten- sions to antiquity and civilisation with a mere handful of men. It was no doubt a brilliant thing to do, but it does not follow that it was either wise or necessary or justifiable as an act done in furtherance of genuine British interests. General LUGARD was in the first place made the subject of official reproof; but when his adventure seemed to have been brought to so uccessful a conclusion, the Government denied that it had inten led. to zeprove him, accepting, as usual, the accomplished fact. However, it has now been evident for some time past that the affair was very far indeed from having been concluded. After the sudden capture of his capital, the SULTAN of Sokoto fled across Northern Nigeria. He was pursued by Captain SWO'RD and some men of the West African Frontier Porce, who attacked a walled town called Darmi. The attack was unsuccessful, as Captain SWORD had no artillery.gThe casualties on our side wqre tumorous in comparison to the smallness of our force. Here was another " regrettable incident." In fact, the e'-SULTAN, as Mr. CHAMBERLAIN ex- plained, was at the time of the last advices about 400 miles from Sokoto and 200 from Kano, where he is gathering the tribes around him evidently with till intention of giving Us trouble. Sir FREDERICK LUGAR]) has, in fact, Provided us with another "little war," which will require to be waged over an extensive country, and for an object that the Government never seems to have contemplated. This is not the first occasion

on which General LUG' ARD has acted "the prancing Pro-Consul" with a success which has led to some embarraqiment and much expenditure. 11-3 is clearly a man who should be ordered not to go beyond his instructions. Nelson, no doubt, pro- vided himself with a splendid excuse for putting his telescope to the blind eye, but the example is not one for imitation.

In Somaliland we seem lilelv to have another Ladysmith. Mr. BRODRICK had singularly little Information to give on the subject. The latest news came from General MANNING, and was dated June 15th. General MANNING and Colonel COBBE were then starting on a march from Badwin to barnot, which would occupy three or four days. It was their intention to march in two columns, from two to five miles apart, to pick up the garri- son and then retire to Bohotle. Mr. BRODRICK Izlid not think it desirable to give the full strength of the force, which, however, seems too small even to conduct a retreat with 7safety. The retiring columns are, in fact, in great danger. The hills between Da,ruot and Bohotle are occupied by the Mullah's riflernsn. We are confronted not only by an alert but by an able enemy. The Mullah's whole army has been seen defiling past the British outposts at Damot and Bohotle, and the Mullah himself is in a position from which he eau strike either between Damot and Bohotle or between Badwein and Damot. Until we have further news, therefore, there is cause for grixest; apprehension, Our posts are full of sick men Tilltny of our irregular Somali levies have deserted to the Mullah; it is only an uncertain reliance that can be placed ou the others. Yet the Minister for war talks of not sending a lir 4e frei

It seems that there MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S were more than a FOLLOWERS. hundred Unionist members present on Wednesday at a meeting held at the House of Commons to consider MT. CHAMBERLAIN'S fiscal proposals. These may be regarded as Mr. CHAM- BERLAIN'S friends and personal supporters. The resolution at which they arrived was, under the circumstances, of an unexpectedly mild character. They are in favour of inquiry. Well, nobody fears inquiry. What is to be apprehended is the eff.3ct of a sudden and turnultous appeal to prejudice and ignorance, such as is being made by the new Protection League. That system of Free Trade which has placed us at the head of trading and industrial nations will bear looking into rather carefully. The more it is made the subject of inquiry the more conspicuous its merits and services will become. What is odd is that there should be more than a hundred men on the Unionist benches who con- sider an inquiry to be necessary. It is under- stood that these gentlemen, so far as they are prepared to commit themselves, are in favour of a retaliatory tariff on manufacturers rather than of a tax on food. Indeed, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is himself understood to have weakened somewhat as to the advisability of making dearer food and h'gher wages his principal cry. Higher wages mean a higher cost of production, and a higher cost of production means loss of foreign trade. "Increase my costs," says an eminent merchant and manufactnrer, "and shut me out of markets into which I get even now only by the skin of my teeth." Foreign trade means decreased wages or no wages at all. There is no possibility of proving the contrary of this proposition. To inquire into it will only be to establish it more firmly. The fascination of dearer food having failed to appeal to the Unionists who assembled to talk matters over yesterday, a policy of retaliatory tariffs presented itself as something on which a successful appeal could be made to the country. Inquiry into the wisdom of a step like this will necessarily invplve questions as to who is likely to be most injured by retaliation, ourselves or those on whom we retaliate. Free Traders will welcome the most wide and the most minute inquiry On this subject. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN would have the people believe that we are being beaten in the world's markets by the United States and Germany, and more particuLtrly by Germany. But what are the facts? Hardly anything could be further from the truth than the statement that our trade is being diminished in extent by the foreign tariffs that are directed against it. The most that can be said with any accuracy is that foreign tariffs prevent it from being so extensive as it might otherwise become. Oar trade is not diminishing, .it is increasing; and, con trary to a common misrepresentation, it is increasing at a vastly greater ratio than that of Germany. The simple truth is that our lead over Germany in foreign trade is about 130 millions greater than it was sixteen years since. If under these circumstances, retaliation could still be held to be justifiable, what is it that we should retaliate upon? Rghty-two- per cent. of our ' imports consist of food and raw materials, and the remaining 18 per cent. of manufactured articles. It is the foreign manufacturer who is popularly I supposed to be pushing us to the wall, and it is a proposal f w striking at manufactured goods that would most readily find favour with the people, but of our own exports 85 per cent. consist of manufactures which we contrived to 'sell in spite of hostile tariffs, but which Yre should be unable to force into foreign markets if those tariffs were made retaliatory, as they Cer- tainly would Should we be foolish enough to com- mence a tariff war. What Mr. CHAMBERLAIN proposes to present to the people is that our Colonies and depecdencies would take from us a hat the foreigners refused. What, then, is the ground for such an assertion ? Our trade with our colonies is less than one-third of our total ex- port trade. The colonies take from us just as much as they cannot do without. There is not the least reason to believe that they would take more than they do at the present time if they were to strike a blow at the "foreigner. "The colonial tariff," says an Australian newspaper, " is mainly against Great B-itain." "I observe to my surprise, said Mr. CLIAMBERL4.IN to the Colonial Premiers "that Canada has a tariff against us averaging 171 per cent.,"and he asked, flow much of this are you prepared to relinquish? The reply of Canada was that it is prepared to relinquisb nothing. That will be the reply of the other colonies.

A new form of torture came in with the VAT/lc/- phone. That attractive instrument, once corn - mendably indistinct, has now developed its powers alarmingly. One of the London suburbs feels the development keenly. That suburb has a resident who is the proud possessor of a ten horse-power gramophone, with a triple-expansion nozzle. He is not selfish. Such a fine instrument should not he monopolised by one person, he thinks; so he opens his bedroom window,places his gramophone on the sill,with the " trumpet " pointing heavenward,and starts the machine. The devastc:tion he has caused already has alarmed the other inhabitants, and they are loualy inquiring what they can do to stop the nuisance, The suburbs are the peculiar region of nuisances of this kind —the pianistic young lady, the vocalist, an,' other performers go to make up the daily misery of the lan dof small houses and flats. The consequences to the unfortunate neighbours are not pleasant to contemplate, and the bitter cry of the suburban resi4ents is heard in almost every large town. Mr. Gilhert's cure for motorists—a charge of small shot properly placed —would appear to be the only possible remedy,

expedition to pursue the Mullah, to whom h says, with incurable optimism, "we have dealt a heavy blow by seizing his base." The heavy blow is one which has not dispensed with the necessity of retreating for the third time before this vigilant enemy. The Government is, according to its habit, "muddling through," which means a policy of drift, in this instance such as has obvi- ously exposed our scanty troops to the danger of annihilation. Whbn the Government drifts it is always in the wrong direction. It drifts into difficulties but does not drift out of them. If the fresh expedition is not to be large, it will certainly be considerable. Reinforcements are being hurried from the coast of Bohotle ; troops are on their way from Aden toßerbera; men nave been ordered from India, and 3,000 camels have been purchased for the work. iiThere is to be a new commander. But with all this, the prospect is most dishearten- ing. It appears as if the expedition were just beginning, says the able and experienced corres- pondent of the " Daily Telegraph," and he adds, "there is no knowing how long is will last unless a railway is built expeditiously. The Mullah in all probability will keep us in occupation for months to come.

unless the residents can combine to invoke the

aid ef the law.

Many reasons have been given for the success of the German Social Democrats at the polls. High tariffs, the Kaiser's speeches, the commercial crisis have all been suggested as contributory causes. The main factor in tke tr;umph, however, those conversant with the politics of the Fatherland tell us, is the man at the head of the movement. Herr August Bebel is the one great party leader in modern Europe. He manages his forces in the Reichstag with an ability equal to that displayed by Parnell, and his hold in the country is far greater than that which the Irish chieqain ever maintained. He has intellect, and he has also sympathy. He has culture, which makes his speeches models of eloquence, and he has a voice of singular sweetness. He does not excite his hearers as Herr Liebknect did, but is distinguished by a moderation and reasonable- ness which give conviction. Yet, in his relations with his party, he is firmness • itself. More than once he has used plain language to the German Socialists. When anti-Jewish feeling was at its height in Germany, Babel pleaded for justice, de- claring that if Jews beat Germans in the industrial struggle it was because they had more brains,were more industrious, and more sober. So, again, when Anglophobia broke ou'.. during the Boer War Herr Babel denounced the agitation as a folly and a crime, and told his fallow-countrymen that to turn against England was to court disaster. At

one time Germany had only the prison for su man, but persecution has not embittered him. "Leave Social Democracy to me," said the Kaiser once ; "I will soon make an end of it." So far from being broken,the Socialist party is the strong- est to-day in German politics.

Rumours of an electicn before the year is out fill the air, and the fact that they are so circum- stantially discredited by the ministerial organs lends considerable colour to them. We believe an appeal to the country at a not very distant date to be quite probable, particularly if Mr. Chamber- lain is allowed to run riot on the tariff question. The more he says about protective tariffs for further- ing the unity of the Empire and the more rapidly, will the day of reckoning approach. In the meau- time the Liberal party here ought to be looking to the munitions of war. We do not want to be caught napping through an unexpected Government overthrow, and now is the time for both candidate and party to bestir themselves. Liberalism will have a great opportunity when the election does come and we look for fulli advantage being taken of that opportunity in this constituency

It was but fitting that local Wesleyans should commemorate the two hundredth anniversary of th birth of John Wesley. The founder of Methodism paid numerous visits to Warrington during his evangelistic tours,and although he met with many discouragernents, he was able to write in his journal in his later years " At last there is reason to hope that God will have a steady people in this wilderness." It cap hardly be considered a com- pliment to the " good old town " that the great evangelist described it as a" wilderness," and per- haps there may be some who will be still disposed to question whether Wesley's hope of a "steady people" has been fulfilled in Warrington. Never- theless there is reason to believelthat the good seed which Wesley sowed with such a generous hand fell on fruitful ground in Warrington, for Methodism has become strongly rooted in this circuit and at the present time shows signs of a healthy and vigorous life.

The name of "John Wesley" will ever be held in high esteem by those who have sympathy with Methodism. Many have become so accustomed to the familiar name that the Rev. John Gannett's statement last week that Wesley was baptised "John Benjamin Wesley" must come as a small revelation. Few, however, will regret that "Benjamin" was dropped out of the great evangelist's name. John Wesley is much better, and it is a name that has a sweetness of its own to all Methodists. It has been recently rointed out that the Christian name "John " has been associated with the names of the most prominent reformers in Great Britain. Such names as John Knox, John Milton, John Banyan and John Wesley would almost lead one to bOieve that the name !John has a special virtue of its own.

The Examiner Friday, June, 26, 1903. 2/6

W. T. WILLIA HS.

NSW DI:131(1Ni Jusr EISOSIVRD IN MOMS, PRINTS, &c.

DsLAINES,

74. SANKIIY-STRBar wAllRriqT.

PE& IM.PERI A QU 4.ftT (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) RUNCORN INSTITUTE DAY SCHOOL. SCOTCH AND IRISH WLEISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, Annual Sports. 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, , In connection with the above schools the annual sports were held on Saturday on the school ground FULTON BROS' rtteRCRANTii, Moughland-ly,ne. , Considerable interest was centred in 20, RENSHAW SiftEET, LIVORPOOL, the proceedings. Mr. A. R. Blackburn discharged the (2 Minutes from eantr.l arid Lime dtre tations.) duties of secretary in a highly efficient manner. The following is a list of the officials :—President, Mr. S. Taylor; vice-president, Mr. T. A Lawrenson ; sports committee, Mrs. Cunningham, Mrs. A. Lightburn, Miss Cameron, Miss Steggalland Messrs. W, Jones, A. Light- burn, E. Marshall, H. E. Mayston and J. Wilding; starter, Mr. W. Jones; judges and] marksmen, Miss Cameron, Miss Steggall, Dr, Cullen and Messrs. C. • Handley, T. A. Lawrenson, A. Lightburn E. Marshall, H. E. Alayston, F. Rowland, G. Sherralt and J. H. Weston; hon. secretary, Mr. A. R. Blackburn.. The Runcorn Orchestral Society (conductor, Mr. H. W. Handley) played a selection of music daring Saturday ; afternoon.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF COUNCILLOR BAIRD.

This week we have to record the death of another highly respected townsman in the person of Councillor John -Baird,who passedaway at his residence,lTawthorne Lodge, Kuutsford-road, at twenty minutes to nine on Thursday morning. Tt will be remembered that a few months ago the deceased gentleman was seized with fainting fit during a Town Council debate and al- though he recovered and was able to get about he never quite regained his usual good health. About a fortnight ago be had another attack, and was uncon- scious for some time. It was thought that a sea voyage might be beneficial and last Friday he sailed through Menai Straits and spent the week end in North Wales. He was very ill on the return journey but on reaching home seemed to recover and his condition did not give cause for any alarm. He was in the garden on Wednesday morning and there was then nothing to indicate that the end was so near. At two o'clook in the afternoon he became seriously ill, and Dr. Leadbetter was sent for. The patient, however, never regained conscious- ness, and passed peacefully away on Thursday morn- ing. The cause of death was hemorrhage on the brain. Councillor Baird was sixty-three years of age and was held in high esteem by a large circle af friends. He was a native of Jedburgh, Scotland, and came to War- ington about forty years ago. Ever since that time he had been in the employ of Messrs. Peter Walker and Son, Ltd., the well-known brewing firm, and was the oldest servant of the company. After passing through all the departments he obtained the responsible position of senior brewer, and discharged the duties in a'manner which gave entire satisfaction. He was greatly esteemed by the late Sir Andrew Walker, and enjoyed the confidence and regard of the chairman,Sir Peter Walker, the managing director Mr. John "Reid Walker, J.P., and Colonel W. Hall Walker, M.P.

, The late Councillor Baird's services on the Town Council commenced in November, IS9S, when he suc- cessfully contested St. John's Ward against Mr. William Furness, obtaining 712 votes against his opponents' 507. He was again returned in Novem- ber 1901, Mr. Samuel Gonerh being nominated as his opponent but withdrawing from the poll. Councillor Baird was a member of Most of the principal commit- tees of the Corporation and deputy chairman of the Health Committee. He took a great interest in the work and was most regular in his attendance at the meetings. He was an active and useful memher of the committee which had charge of the arrangements for the " send-offs " accorded to the Volunteers who served in the South African campaign and he was also to the fore in the organization of cordial recep- tions en their return.

The deceased gentleman was a prominent Free- mason and-had held various offices, being a member of the Gilbert Greenall Lodge. He leaves a widow, a son, and a daughter with whotn the deepest sym- pathy is expressed in their bereavement. As a mark of respect the flags at the Town Hall and Conservative Club are flying at half-most. The interment will take place in Hill Clifft3 grave-yard 'to-day (Saturday) at 12.15 and the Mayor has asked the members of the Council to attend. Carriages will leave the Town Hall at 11.15.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSIVE RESISTANCE.

DISTRAINTS NEAR STROUD.

In connection with the passive resistance movement, the assistant overseer and two men, on Wednesday dis- trained on the goods of the Rev. D. J. H. Carter, Baptist minister; Rev. A. T. Hocking, Corwregationa- list minister Mr. J. H. Smart, coal merchant ; and Mr. F. A. Webster, schoolmaster, at Chalford, near Stroud. Part of the rate was tendered the distrainers, who then proceeded to take what furniture they liked. The goods seized included dining-room and other chairs and conch. The services of the police were not requisitioned.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SINKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. , 'LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS And SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRJD GE-STREET.—Ad. 1 '7,,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S FROST. RESULTS. There was a sharp frost throughout the district on i Distance the cricket ball.-I,L. Marshall; 2, Holding In Saturday night, and farm crops are stated to have stance /3 yards. suffered severely. Several Runcorn anglers who visited Long jump handicap (under 13).--1, L. Jones ; 2, a pool at Sutton Weaver on Sunday morning found it Weston. Pistance, lift. lain. covered with ice. - Long jump handicap (over 13).-1, Allison; 2, Walton. i Distance 131 t. 2in. A FORMER RUNCORNIAN CONGRATULATED. ! 100 yards handicap (over 13).-Winners of heats : - H.M. Inspector of schools reports as follows on the , Warburton, Bate, H. Jones, Hill, Walton, L. Marshall, Endowed School, Frodsham : "The school promises to P. Marshall and Hilton, Final: I, Warburton, 2, L. do well under Mr. Cragg: • The work is good and dis- 1 Marshall ;3, Walton. Walton and P. Marshall tied for cipline is well maintained." third place and the former won in the run off. SHOP LIFTING. , Hurdle race.-Winners of heats: P. Marshall Agnes Langley, Percival's-lane, Runcorn, was charged Pendlebury, L. Marshall, Hilton, Hallding, and Walton. at the Police Court, on Saturday, before Messrs. F. J. Final: 1, P. Marshall; 2, Walton ; 3, Hilton. Norman and E. Imison, with having stolen eight ounces : 220 yards handicaP.-Winners of heats : L Jones, of tea from the shop of Samuel Crosby, grocer and Walton, L. Marshall, ;Bate, Warburton, Hill, Tuckey, provision dealer, High-street, Runcorn, on the 17th inst. ' Kirkham. Final :I,L. Jones : %Walton ; 3,L. Marshall. -The evidence showed that William Crosby concealed 100 yards handicap (girls).-Winners of heats: D. himself and saw Langley take a packet of tea from Meredith, L. Eyre' L. Pownall, D. Nisbett, A. Sandbach the counter and put it under her shawl.-Prisoner ,T. Grundy. Final: 1, L. Eyre; 2, D. Meredith ; 3, L. pleaded guilty and was fined 10s. including costs. i Pownall. OLD BRUNSWICK 103RD ANNIVERSARY, ! Hoop race (girls).-1, L. Eyee ; 2, Z. Bate; 3, E. The 103rd Old Brunswick Anniversary will be held on : G rice. . Sunday and Monday next, when the Rev. E. Lloyd- 410 yards handicap.-1, Walton; 2, H. Jones ;3, P. Jones will preach and lecture in the Drill Hall. The , Marshall. subject of the lecture is "John Wesley and the mean- ! Three-legged race (girls).-1, A. Sandbach and A. ing of Methodism." Special pieces will be rendered by I Posvnall ;2, A. Garner and L. Eyre. the choir and scholars who will be assisted by the Run- 440 yards scratch (old boys).-I,Lightfoot ; 2,Seften. corn Orchestral Society. Those who have heard Mr. First obstacle race.-1, Hilton; 2, Shaw. Lloyd-Jones will not miss the opportunity of hearing Sack race.-1, Hough; 2, Burn ;3, Hilton. this talented preacher once again. 6 • High jump handicap.-1, P. Marshall; 2, Halding ;3, THEFT BY A GIRL. Allison. Height, 4ft. lie. At the RuncornsPetty Sessions, Clara Egerton, Poole- Eyre Skip. p_ing-rope race (girls).-1, D. Meredith; 2, L. lane, was charged with stealing a pair of boots, valued , 3, L. Y"nall* 100 yards handicap (under 14).-1, L. Jones; ' at 35., the property of Messrs Tyler and Co.-The evi- Weston. deuce showed that on Saturday morning James McKay, The school handicap (one lap).-1; L. Jones; 2, manager of Messrs. Tyler and Co., hung the boots at the door and missing them later in the day reported the Warburton; 3, L. Marshall ' • 4. Tuckey. Three-legged 9 race.-1, Tuckey and Shaw ; H matter to the police. At night the girl offered the McCulloch and Hough. ..., bootsat Lightfoot's pawnshop but was detected by Tom Potato and bag race (girls).-1, L. Pownall ; 2, A. Brown, manager.-Egerton was bound aver for three Sandbach • 3, Z. Bate. months. • Mile wafkhandicap.-1, Shaw; 2, Tuckey; 3, Richard- SAD DEATH OF A RUNCORN BLACKSMITH. Son. On Friday afternoon Mr. Dobson, district coroner, 101:1 yards scratch (old boys).-1, Sefton; 2, Laughna ; conducted an inquiry at the Runcorn Police Station into 3, Lightfoot. . the circumstances attending the death of John William- Thread needle race (girls).-1, L. Eyre; 2, D. Nis- son, a blacksmith, of 6, Irwell-lane, Runcorn, whose bat ; 3, A. Booth. body was recovered from the Bridgewater Canal on Slow bicycle race.-1, Weston; 2, Tackey. Thursday morning. The evidence showed that the Egg and spoon race (girls).-1, L. Povvnall ;2, L. deceased was sixty-five years of age and had been in a Yearsley ;3, Z. Bate. depressed condition for some time. He had threatened 880 yards handicap,-1, Wood ; 1, 11. Jones ; 3, to take his life. Contradictory evidence on this point Faulkner. was given and also on thepoint of family quarrelling.- Second obstacle race.-1, P. Marshall- 2, Weston. A verdict of "Found drowned" was returned there Tugs of war.-Capt. Warburton's team v. Capt, being 'no evidence to show how the deceased fell in the Faulknees team. The first won. Capt. P. Marshall's Canal. team v. Capt. L. Marshall's term. The first won. (Girls).-L. Pownall's team v. Z. Bate's team. The second won. A. and B teams v. C and D teams. The first won. Consolation races (boys).-1, Bate ; 2, Kirkham ; 3, Clare. (Girls).-1, T. Grundy; 2. L. Pownall ;3, J. Lea. (Boys 2).-1, Robinson; 2. Taylor ; 3, Wishlade. Mrs. A. R. Norman distributed the prizes.

RU'CORN LIBRARY COMMITTEE.

The monthly meeting of the above committee was held on Friday under the presidency of Mr. W. Handley. The Librarian, Mrs. Jones, said the estimated expendi- ture for the year was £205. It was based upon an esti- mated income of £212. The following were the de- tails: Salaries, £6O; rent, £36; new books, £36; magazines and newspapers, £3O; binding, £3O: printing and statioriery, £10; and sundries, £lO. Last year they spent more for binding. They estimated £3O for new books and £36 for binding. This time the figures had been reversed. The estimate was approved. it was re- ported that a letter had been received from Mr. Carnegie of a distinctly encouraging character asking for ad- ditional information. It was also announced by the Chairman that the library had attained its majority.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE FARMERS AND THEIR POTATOES

At Runeorn on Wednesday, -Joseph Bostock, aged eighteen years, of Northwich,was charged with stealing 61b. of potatoes from the farm of Joseph Walker, of Halewood Farm, Halton. On Tuesday night Police Sergeant Bennett caught the prisoner coming from a field carrying a bag containing the potatoes. The prisoner said he *a.s employed by Mr. Walker, and had permission to take the potatoes. This was found to be untrue.—The magistrates said there appeared to be an impression amongst farm -labourers that they had the privilege of taking potatoes and other small things as a perquisite, and Mr. Walker ought to make it known this was not so.—As Mr. Walker did not press the case, out of respect for the prisoner's father, the prisoner was bound over under the First Offenders' Act.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF A. ARNCORN PASTOR.

The Rev. Joseph Osborne, M.A., has received a very hearty and unanimous call to the p.storate of Commer- cial-street Congregational Church, Northampton. A fortnight ago Mr. Osborne announced his resignation as pastor of Bethesda, and the church meeting that`met to consider it expressed great regret at the step Mr. Osborne had taken, especially as he had stated his determination not to consider it. The church meeting therefore ac- cepted their pastor's resignation with feelings of deep regret. Mr. Osborne has now accepted the call to Northampton and will terminate his six years ministry in Runcorn Sunday August 16th, and take up his new work the first Sunday in September. It is interesting to note that Mr. Osborne will be a stronghold of Con- gregationalism at Northampton there being no less than six churches all of which are in a flourishing condition. When Mr. Osborne's decision was announced at this service the congregation rose and sang the Doxology.

WALKING CoNTEFF AT WIDNES.

On Saturday the employees of Messrs. Bolton and Sons, copper founders, Widnes, indulged in a 10-mile walk for prizes, the course lying in the direction of Rainhill, returning through Bold. There were some forty entries, but only twenty-five started and fifteen finished. The afternoon was beautifully fine, and very large crowds assembled to witness the start and finish, whilst crowds assembled at various points. A large number of cyclists and two or three waggonettes also made the round. One of the competitors -was ridden down and injured by an over-ardent cyclist. The results were as follows :-1, J. Knight, time,lhr. 32min.; 2, M. Dunn, lhr. 38min. 5050 c.; 3, B. Locke, ihr.3Bmin. 50sec.; 4, L. Jones, lhr. 41min: 40sec.; 5, H. Ratcliffe, lhr.. 44min. 30sec.: 6, S. Moss, lhr. 45min. 45sec. Prizes were also offered for competitors over 45 years of age, the winners 'being :-1, J. Sparks; 2, R. Parry. Prizes for those under twenty were taken by (1) S. Moss and (2) G. Allison, whilst a "novelty" prize for the last man home under two and a half hours was taken by E. Roberts: All finished under two hours, the actual dis- ance being a little short of the advertised ten miles.

Pollee Court and Prison Gate Mission.

lln Support of this useful institution a meeting was held in Kendrick-street schools, on Monday evening, Ibut was only sparsely attended. The Vicar of St. Paul's (Rev. W. Bracecampl presided, and said the Police Court and Prison Gate Mission was a work which was not fully realized in Warrington. Mr. Taylor, the local missionary, was doing a splendid work, and had been doing for a long time, in helping the fallen. (Applause.) Mr. Henry Thornton said there was great need for carrying on the work. If they 'had had experience and had been in the back slums and courts and alleys of Warrington, amid the many scenes of Misery and wretchedness, they could not fail to be impressed. Almost the sole cause was I drink. There were thousands in Warrington wit, needed the helping hand. The society were lucky in having hit upon a man like Mr. Taylor to take up the Warrington work. (Applause.) He (the speaker) intended to devote the residue Of his life to the cause. The expenditure of the Warrington , branch for last year was £ISG ..135., and the income £lO2 175.. so that there was a balance 'against them of ;£53 168.-1-The Rev. J. Hirst, of Liverpool, also spoke.:—Mr. Taylor, the Warrington Police Court illissionary, in referring to the numarobs domestic matters on which he was consulted, said that last year Ihe had 75 cxses in which the parties came to him 'instead of going to the Police 'Court. Often he and IMr. Thornton visited homes where the people were in dire straits, Without fire, furniture, and clothing, and in.ench cases lie did not know how he could manage without the help and support he received from Mr. Thornton. (Applause.) No one could realize the amount of degradation and misery in this town. They, needed more help.—On the motion of Mr. J. H. Smeth- urst, seconded by the Rev. C. J. Edwards,the speakers were thanked for their services. A' collection was taken in aid of the funds o: the mission.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

'POLO-

BRILLIANT SUCC

A COCOANUT BISCUIT.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOUNDARIES EXTENSION SCHEME.

'On Tuesday morning at the Runcorn Technical In- stitute an inquiry was held by the Cheshire Chanty Council represented by Messrs. J. Thompson, \V. Hodg son and C. IL Booth with Mr. R. Potts (clerk to the County Council) into the application of the Runcorn Urban Council for power to extend the boundaries to include the parishes of Halton and Weston. The peti- tion was opposed .by the Runcorn Rural District Council and the parishes of Halton and Weston. Mr. S. Moss appeared for the Urban Council ; Mr. Sutton, Manchester, the Rural District Council ; Mr. Routledge, Liverpool, Halton and Weston; Mr. J. L. Trafford,the Weaver trustees. The Castner-Kellner works, the Salt Union, the Weston Quarries, Sir it. Brooke, Marquis of Cholmondely, and Major Orred were represented, also other local industries and gentlemen. There was a large attendance of Runcorn, Halton and Weston ratepayers. Mr. Nloss, instating the case for the Runcorn Council, said the parishes of Weston and Halton both adjoined the urban district. Weston formed the area of the water supply of the district. The waterworks were purchased by the Urban Council under their act of 1893, and the Council supplied the parishes of Weston and Halton. By the Liverpool Water Improvement Act the Runcorn authority had power to demand from the Liverpool Corporation not less than 300,000 gallons per day and not more than 1,000,003 gallons per day for the con- venience and the consumption of the inhabitants of the three areas, Runcorn, Weston and Halton. At Weston there were large works, and one of the works was partly in the Parish of Weston and partly in Runcorn. The lower portion of Weston was by arrangement drained into the Runcorn sewers. In another portion of Weston there was a population of 1,030, and this district was not drained at all. That was a very unsatisfactory con- dition of things. With regard to Halton the state of affairs was not mach better. On the lower side. of Halton there were 128 houses with a population of 557, and these houses were not sewered at all, the drainage going into the brook and Ship Canal. Mr. Moss also pointed out that the two districts in question were not adequately lighted. If the amalgamation scheme was granted, the Urban Authority would provide a proper sewerage scheme, and light the townships in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. For some time the manufacturers in the district had wanted a soft water, and Runcorn, owing to special powers, was in a position to provide the Vywrney water and would do so if Weston and Halton came in. There would be a differential rate of 2s. for ten i years, and this Mr. Moss considered would not be any more-7-it might, in fact, be less—than they were paying at the present time. If the townships attempted to deli with the water, sewage, lighting and other questions: the financial burden would be much greater than if Runcorn were to deal with them in a united scheme.

Mr. Marshall, secretary to he Urban Cotmcil,was the first witness and gave detailed evidence respecting the financial position of the town, loans, rates, income and expenditnre.

dross-examined by Mr. Sutton, he said the hospital was insufficient in the view of the County Council, and for the purposes of Runcorn they had been asked to enlarge it. The County Council would pay one-third, and the rest would have to be paid for by loans during the next ten years. The smallpox hospital was not approved by the medical officer of the county. The Council did not contemplate making public baths, and they had no refuse destructor. They had a tip on the Bridgewate- Canal and the rnfuse was taken into the country. In regard to the Fl .e Brigade, Mr. Marshall said the engine was bought 20 or 30 years ago. Dealing with general subjects, he said their present water supply was not good for commercial purposes, and the Council had received complaints from the Rural Dis- trict Council about it. They proposed to pay the Liver pool Corporation Gd. per 1,000 gallons. In answer to Mr. Routledge, witness said the Council had invested £lO,OOO in the Widnes and. Runcorn Transporter Bridge Company. They had borrowed the money at a rate of £3 12s. 6d. If this application was granted the Council proposed to put into operation their powers with the Liverpool Corporation in regard to the water supply. It was proposed that Halton and Weston Point would be supplied with the Liverpool water, and the rest of Weston and Runcorn would be supplied with the Runcorn water and Liverpool water mixed.

Mr. W. H. Hunter, chief engineer to the Manchester Ship Canal, was the next witness, and stated that his company were the largest ratepayers in Runcorn, and he had been authorised by the directors to support the scheme. There were 'opportunities for the development of the Canal at Halton, but there wer3 objections to the insanitary effluents, if these effluents were removed the chief obstacal would be removed.

In reply to Mr. Sutton, witness said the Runcorn water was not so bad as had been stated. It was "utter rot" to suggest that the salt got into the Runcorn water supply from the Ship Canal. _ _ _ .

Tn answer to Mr. Routledge, witness said there were 300,000 tons of sewage put into the river Mersey every year, and there wa.s no authority in existence to prevent it.

Mr. Thompson: Could not the Local Government Board interfere? •

'Witness: The Local Government Board have no authority where salt water flows. The whole of the sewage of Liverpool, Garston, Widnes, and Warrington is emptied into the Mersey, and the same on the other side of the river.

Mr. P. Wilding, surveyor to the Urban Council. next explained the system of sewage in Runcorn. and showed how the sewage of Halton and Weston could be dealt with in a united scheme. The cost of connecting the Liverpool water with that of Runcorn would be .£3,000. The cost of additional hospital accommodation would be about £1,200. The new road to Weston fronaißuncom had been talked of for many years' but was not yet finished awing to disputes between the two authorities. If the land had to be bought and the road completed the cost would probably be £lO,OOO. Mr. Wilding was ques- tioned with a view to showing that Runcorn had done nothinr, towards the development of Weston, but that the trade of Weston had been kept going by the Weaver Canal.

The inquiry at this stage concluded the first day's sitting, and the Commissioners intimated that it would be re-opened on July 14th. •

SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of ED ITOLTIONAL WORKS. AUTHORS' MS'S. Revised and Corrected :NISS. Bducaticnal Works of merit Purchased. PRICE msrs Printed on card or paper Illus- trated, if required. DDRES or VISITING CARDS :Printed from plate or type.

TRADE PRINTING of every description.

ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style I. from the simplest to the most elaborate.

CATALOGUES.

COMMERCIAL PRINTING.

ei.RCULikyRpeS ,:nndtohrethneebneteetetwoerktya!aelloforpom modern CLUB AND SOCIETY CARDS. p ROSPECTUS ES &JBALANCESII E ETS. pLACARDStaIit EXTRA LARGE SIZE speci a TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ACCIDENT AT THE VULCAN FOUNDRY.

An accident occurred at the Vulcan Foundry, Ea rle, town on Monday when a youth named John Worrall residing at Golborne, received serious injuries. It appears that Worrall was leaving one of the work- shops at the dinner hour when he ran into some iron plates, which were on a waggon standing in the yard. The sudden concussion causedhim to reel backwards,and he fell heavily on some other iron plates, which were laid on the ground. He was at once picked up and re- moved to the Warrington Infirmary, where he lay for some time in a precarious condition. He is now pro- gressing favourably.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.

At the Newton Occasional Court, on Monday, before Mr. J. L. Wood, John Havey, a collier, residing at Lime- street, Haydock, was charged with having been drunk in Swan-road, Newton Common. on Saturday. P.C. Clarke found Havey lying helplessly drank, for which a fine of 2s. 6d. and costs was inflicted.—Robert Samuel Reader and Isabella Reader, of no fixed address, were charged with having been drank and disorderly on Satur- day in Derby-street, zEarlestown. The prisoners were found drunk, cursing and swearing, and on the way to the station the male prisoner became very violent. The female defendant had a melodeon, and on a card hung round the man's neck was the inscription "nearly blind." In default of paying 2s. Gd. and costs, both defendants went to gaol for seven days.—Patrick Lynch, of Burtonwood, was fined 2s. (Id. and costs for having been in a state of intoxication at Earlestown on Saturday.—Patrick Cunningham and John Flynn, two colliers, hailing from Haydock, were mulcted in 2s. 6d. and casts each, for having been drunk and behaving in a disorderly manner at Earlestown on Sunday.—P.C. Mellor proved the case.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. • HELENS FATHER SENT TO GAOL.

At St. Helens, on Tuesday, Charles Farnen, a stalwart young man, was sentenced to three months' hard labour for deserting his wife and child. Relieving officer Cooper said this was a most heartless case.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS ACCIDENTS.

Charles Pockey, aged seventeen, of Sutton, was admitted into the St. Helens Hospital on Wednesday, from the Collins Green Colliery, suffering from injuries to the eye.—Graham Dickinson, aged two years, was also admitted to this institution suffering from a broken leg.--John Gorman, aged fifty-eight, of 242, Boundary- road, has also been admitted suffering from injuries to chest and ribs, sustained in connection with the excava- tion at the Peasley Cross bridge.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WELL-KNOWN ST. HELENS FARMER FINED.

John Littler, farmer, of Fold's Farm, Windle,was fined .E 1 and us. 6d. costs at St. Helens on Tuesday for using three 561 b. weights which were unjust. Inspector M'Donald said he found Mr. Littler weighing oats for market with these weights. They had not been adjusted for years—one not for ten years. Littler was also charged with using an 81b. weight. Mr. Wilson, prose- cuting solicitor, said that the Act of 1890 abolished the 81b. weight, and it was illegal to use it. The chairman said the weight would be confiscated and the case dismissed. _ MISTAKEN IDENTITY AT ST. HELENS.

At St. Helens County Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Superintendent Baxendale, .of Prescott, had a most unusual request to make to the magistrates when he withdrew a charge of riding a bicycle on the footpath at Bold which had been brought against John Jones, a colliery knocker-on at Collins Green. On Whit Sunday Police-constable Howells saw a man whom he believed to be Jones riding on thelfootway in Gorsey-lane. He served the summons personally, and Jones accepted it without denying that he was the offender. When the case came to bp tried on the 9th inst. Jones on oath said he was at Cleethorpes on Whit Sunday, but he admitted that he rode that way on the Monday follow- ing. The case was adjourned for inquiries, but the constable found that he had made a mistake, and he was very sorry for it. Jones had evidently been for some time under the impression that he was summoned for the Monday, and this had contributed to the mistake, which they regretted.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Homing.

The fourth old-bird race in connection with the Warrington and District Homing Society took place on Monday from Jersey, 22 members sending 159 birds.. They should have been liberated on Saturday, but Mr. Taylor' the convoyer, wired that the weather was unfit, and held them over until Monday, liberat- ing them at 5.15 a.m. in a light east wind. - Mr. W. Lamb, Old-road, proved to be the winner, clocking his bird at 11.25, it taking six hours ten minutes for the journey of 292 miles. This is the best record yet done to Warrington from Jersey. Result :—W. Lamb, 1,387; J. Hill, 1,377; W. Walker,l,3sB ; R. Wright, 1,344; .Walker and Sons, 1,337; J. Hill, 1,333 and 1,331; F. Hayes, 1,330; J. Ratcliffe, 1,329 and 1,316; Walker and Sons, 1,305 ; R. Wright, 1,207; F. Bloor, 1,202; W. • Lamb, 1,292; H, Craven, 1,279; E. 8urr0w5,1,277 ; C. Burrows, 1,263; J. Burrows, 1,255; J. Phoenix, 1,248; W. Gallop, (3) 1,247 ;- Holden and Cr 055,1,316 ; Boyle and Barlow 1,246 and 1,243 ; Litherland and Harper, 1,242; F. Bloor, 1,241; H. F. Greenough, 1,240; J. Phoenix, 1,240; H. Woodward, 1,231; Manes and Bell, 1,229; W. Roughsedge, 1,212; P. Leicester, 1.207; J. Phoenix, 1,206; R. Wright, (6), 1,195; Milnes and Bell, 1,182; G. Carter, 1,109; W. Gallop, 1,027; W. W. Leigh, 017 and 915.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIG:I.CLA.SS AINERA. WATERS.—Advt.

ALL KINDS OP NICK SHOES FOR the children for Walking Day BUY EARLY.—ALF. TAYLOR'S boot store, 45, Horsemarket-street.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
iNTANTVID at once Yonng (1150713114. L ?shoat 18, good V homely place small wash.—Mrs M.,50 Marsland street, Hyde road, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTRE) HOUBNIAID WA.ITHISIS £l6 to £lB very clean work and person good ironer, and good rererences. indispensable.--Ars HAmP9oN. Brentwood, Harple, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

PROGRAMMES FOB SALES:OF WORK.

ROGRtiMMES Fort .SOIREES. DELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS Printed, Bound. Numbered. and Perforated to Order. CATALOGUER for Pnblic and Private Librarieg. Auctioneers, and Tradesmen. rAAMINER PRINTING VI; ORKS QICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS k•-/ Printed, Bound. Numbered and Perforated to

order. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS.

TFLEPFTONE, 355 y JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

ISAACSTEIN : " Vot voz der cause of der fire 1" Buroupski : "Der insurance." IF most of us had our lives to live over again, we should only make another lot of big mistakes. "JACK told me last night that he had given me his heart." "Well, it's damaged goods. He told me last week that I had broken it.

"What is the age of chivalry, Aunt Penelope?' "Those good old times when rildu fell in love with wo,cen over forty." " THE excursion boat leaves this pier, does it not?" "Yes, lady. Never been known to take it, .1-.." •

" Youn, husband seems to be a victim of the tobacco habit." "No; I'm the victim. He Lhoroughly enjoys it." _

thin only of you! And do you think only of me?" She: "Why, George, I'm arrang- lot: my trousseau !"

• You van alviays tell a bachelor by noticing wheLlier he carries a baby most like a lighted lamp or MI old overcoat..

`• ZOIIE men can take new furniture and make ib k as if it was made a century ago," 'says a jommilist. So cau some children. "HOW are you getting on with your ovc:ing, Ca.ptain Vert?" He (a beginner) : " splendidly ; getting on about every two minutes."

:

,oiNts folks "remarked a coloured philosopher, "don't 'pear ter take no pride in speakin' do troot, 'cenin' when it's gwine ter hurt somebody's fdetires."

THE common house-fly makes GOO strokes of its wings per seoond when flying at its highest speed. Tile dragon fly makes 11,500. Readers are invited to check tile accuracy of these figures. MEts. KNACKIS "What are you looking so pleased about, dear?" Mrs. Pryleigh: "Oh, I've had a bad shock! Such a dreadfci. scandal about Our neighbours. Isn't it distressing?" WHAT is more bel.utiful than to see the simple faith with which a bald-headed man will buy an infallible hair restorative from a bald-helded barber?

BOARDING SCHOOL IEACHER. - "And now, Edith, tell me the plural of bady." Edith (promptly) 1 "Twins."

WAITER (to diner, who is absorbed in the menu), " What do you wish to eat, please ?" Absent- minded Protes4or : " I haven't time to talk now. Ask me after dinner."

A SERVANT-GIRL, writing home to her parents, Bald: "I am sorry I have no money to buy a stamp for this letter. I will put two on the next."

A MAW has the name of Stealing, and he hates it. He thought to soften matters a little for his only child, a daughter, so he gave her the Christian name of Worth. SUITOR (to her younger brother): " Gomel you ought to know; is there any chance for me ? " Brother: "Oh, you're all right. That isn't what's troubling Mary. She's wondering if there's any chance for her."

SHE: "Oh, Mr. Spouter, won't you recite for us this evening?" He : "Really, there will be so many strangers present that ah--" She: "Oh, don't mind them; they'll be gone before you're half through." MOTHER (wishing to hurry matters): "Mr. Sampson has been coming here now for three years. I should think he would be getting tired of making love to you." Daughter: "I think he is. Last night he asked me to marry him." THE following strange and alarming notice was exhibited some time back on the sands at a certain English seaside resort: Visitors are cautioned against bathing within a hundred yards of this spot, several persons having been drowned here lately by order of the authorities." MISS GLADYS : "You appeared very abruptly with your errand a while ago. You must not come so suddenly into the room when Mr. Smithers is spending the evening with me." Bridget: "Suddent. And is it suddent you call it, and me at the kay-hole a full three.quarthers of an hour?"

A FAMILY OF AMATEURS.—CuItured Mother: "My dear, your sister Clara is an amateur pianist, Dora is an amateur photographer, Edna is an amateur painter, and Elvira is an amateur astronomer, but you don't seem to be anything." Pretty Daughter: "Oh, yes, mamma, I am an amateur fiuncee. Here's my first _.engagement- ring." "My good man," said the severe lady, "have you ever stopped to think how much money is wasted each year in tobacco and rum?" "No, mum, I haven't," answered the object. "It's a- takinob up all my time jist now to Jigger out how many families could be supported on the price of the extra material women put in their sleeves." HUSBAND: "I think, my dear, I must consult a physician." Wife : "What for ? " "For some remedy for my dyspepsia. I have most horrid dreams at night." "Better consult a veterinary surgeon." "A horse doctor ?" "Yes. A horse doctor should be the best authority on night- mare."

"JOHNNIE," said the teacher to one of the jiiveuile class, "in your composition on George Wash.ngton you say he cut down a cherry tree with a saw. Don't you know he chopped it down. with a hatchet ?" " Yes'm," replied Johnnie, "but I couldn't spell hatchet." AFTER THE ACCIDENT.—Wife "Why did you send the doctor away before allowing him to do anything for you ?" Husband: "The fool said he could cure me in three days. Why, I'm insured for £lO a week, and my salary's only £5. I wonder what he takes me for ?"

HE WAS REFINED.—The Judge: "And for the levity with which you have conducted yourself during your trial I shall give you an additional fine of ten dollars. How does that suit you?" The Villain: "That is what I would call extra fine."

HARRY: "She has jilted me, and I know I shall die. The disappointment will kill me!" Aunt Hannah: "I know how dis prn ments affect one, Harry. But you will get over it. I felt just as you do now when I set that yeller hen on 13 eggs and only just got one poor chick out of the lot."

THE HEAVENLY WAY.—Canon Knox-Little told a good story once at a church congress. He said he remembered a lych-gate in front of a beautiful church, which had been restored and made very nice. There wa.i painted over the door, "This is the Gate of Heaven," and underneath was the large notice, "Go round the other way," BILKINS : "My wile used to be rather foolish, but she's one of the most calm and sensible women in this town now. Why, say, do you know what she did yesterday ?" Orcutt : " No, what?" B.ikins "Saw a telegraph by coming across the street toward our house and never fainted or hollered that she know 6 komething had happened to mamma "

DEAF and dumb beggar (at unexpectedly receiving sixpencP): "Oh, thankee, sir." Bene- volent passer : "Di ? What does this mean, sir ? You can talk." Beggar (in confusion) " Y-e-s, sir. 174: see, air, I'm Only inindin' this corner for th' pc7or deaf and dumb man what belongs here." Benevolent passer (quickly) : " Where is he?" Beggar (in worse contip3ion): "He's—he's gone to the park t' hear the music." .MAOIPAN gother—" What is the mit; ti-r, Clara ? You look distressed." Clara (a bride)—" (1-e,orge Ii se—he had to go off on a—a trip, and lie won't be back fur—for two days—hoo- hoo I " Same mother (so.ne year - later)—" How long will your ousband be away ?" "Same Clara —'` I forgot to ask." "MR. DusEst:Ehar, I do not see why you go to the puolic.hou-e so often." "For the sake of the music, my dear. The orchestra is one of the finest in the country. I sit there and drink in the delici.ms strains. A rhapsody rills up---. 2) " Oh, fudge I Toe way your breath smells on your re- turn make 3 me believe that you drink in something a good deal stronger than Music. It isn't rhapsody that fills you up ; its beer." THERE was an old darky who was very fond of fining. Day after day he used to be at the end of the pier with his line and hook, and generally with a group of little darkies around him. One day one of these boys fell in deep water. Then the old darky threw down his rod, jumped in, and rescued the boy. A spectator, impressed with the act, said :—" He is your son?" "No, sah—no relation." "Then you risked your life to save that of a child who was nothing to you, which makes your act even more heroic.' "Well, you see, boss, dat mizzable chile had all de worms in his pocket."

FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try .T. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD BOOTS.—Advt.

PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK. BEST for Boom in LANCASHIRE.—AdVt. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER the CLOCK.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
.

t4l:-

I

1 vi ' ' t:i t,,,, iy.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

===== 0002601_19030626_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
7-.0 .1 11, F 1, ,of

===== 0002601_19030626_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, .'-::,.. I

===== 0002601_19030626_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ti • f°4 Is

„,1

===== 0002601_19030626_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
, X 4 X I' 1, ,X A • : /,‘ 1 11 1,1 /ft' ' F

===== 0002601_19030626_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
,;

; It- -; ....,, ' efi ..,, i t t,'''' ' Or. , : 4 ~ / ~ , f , P..: i r :, s, , ,

ti Rk. f

' V It• 1:`1:: ..• -41 1 . J , " I . - ~ 4 , 4 . : t %,4srA, 1. ,-.'• f , . . • , . - • ' z. •, a ! ?„ $ ..• ,' ..,li 4 .. . '. ,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

• It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly beneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time,' injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they. may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the prevalent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the needs of the mer- chant and the workman, the professional man, and he who wins his broad by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a preparation as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failefd to give rerief, and we may say further, that it has pioved permanently beneficial, when other pre- parations at best only gave temporary relief. It is strongly recoinmended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddiness, Loss of Appe- tite, alsofor Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleep- lessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an illness, long confinement to ill-ventilated rooms or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts as the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suitedto all ages at all seasons of the' year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forwardosame ,for the above prices. carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, " Gwilym Evans," on Label,Stamp,and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

Y 0 UTH FUL TH lEV ES AT WARR r.s.TG TON. -Y ACHT BROKEN INTO.

Three small bays named Henry and Samuel Chilton, Dallam-lane, and James Blakeway, Dutton-street, ap- peared before Mr. F. Monks and other magistrates at Warrington Police Court on Monday on the charge of stealing from a skip in the Market-place on Friday night three pinafores of the value of three shillings, the property of Thomas Spencer, draper, 15, Hoyle-street.--The Chief Constable said that at 6.30 on Friday evening the prosecutor left at his stall a large skip which was secured wita the usual iron rod. At 9.20 the following morning he found the skip had been broken into, the rod having been taken out, and the pinafores were missing. Information was given to the police and it was found that the boys had been in the market and had been dealing with the stolen pinafores. The brothers Chilton made a present of one of them to a girl named Mary McLonghlin, another was found in the possession of one of the boys, and another was found in Dallam-lane, singular to say by the mother of one of the prisoners. At least that was her statement and there was no evidence to the con- trary. Mr. Talbot pointed out how frequent robberies from the market were and said that at almost every Court there were cases of that form of theft.—The chairman asked if the stallholders were not in some degree contributors to the robberies by leaving goods in the market over night. Chief Constable said he would ask for a pronouncement on that subject from the Bench He had the greatest sympathy with the stallholders who had great dirficulty to contend with. They were robbed end and side and only about one case in every five detected else; !was brought,before their worships owing to the loss of time to the stallholders which would be necessitated—Mr. Spencer gave evidence and admitted that there was no padlock on the skip. The lock had been broken off in the train.—The chairman thought the prosecutor was placing temptation in the way of thieves by leaving the skip unlocked.—The Chief Constable said Mrs. Chilton neglected her children. They were sent out to hawk matches and were about the streets at all hours of the night. Henry had been before the court previously for stealing from the market and had been birched and imprisoned for a day. —Mr. W. Jones, chief School Attendance Officer, said the boy was at present out on licence from a truant schoel.—The Bench sent Henry Chilton to a reformatory for five years, and ordered the other boys to receive six strokes each with the birch.—The-Chairman referred to the undesirability of property being left in the Market over night in the cpndition that had been mentiened. Either the authorities ought to make proper provision for goods te be left there, or the owners ought to take care of them, and not leave them in the Market all night.—The Chief Constable agreed.—Two other boys named Enos Woods, 50, Plumpton-street, and Thomas Fellows, 51, PlumptOn-street, were then charged with. breaking into a yacht which was lying in the Mersey near Atherton's Quay, and stealing a looking-glass, four lead weights, a plane, and a. fishing- rod, value Sc., the property of William McClew.—The Chief Constable said the yacht was modred near the forge in hallow water. Mr. McClew left it at three o'clock on Thursday afternoon and everything was secure on board, the hatchway being fastened down. When the vessel was visited on the following day it was found that it had been subjected, to piracy if not on the high seas, at all events on the river Mersey. The hatchway had been broken open and the articles named stolen from the cabin.lnformation was given to thvolice and it was ascertained thatthe boys had been dealing with the stolen property. A boy named Hugh Payton saw the prisoners wade out to the yacht, board her, and go into the cabin, aryl subgeitilntly saw the articles in their possession.—Woods was seeteeced to six strokes with the birch rod and Fellows to nine.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Minor Cases.

Warrington Borough Police Court.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Alder- man Smethurst, Councillor John Roberts, Messrs.

llepherd, Thornton and Young. KEEPING A DOG WITHOUT ALICENCE.—John Board- man, Braruhall-street, was fined 19s. and costs for keep- ing a dog without a licence.—Mr. Malynn,supervisor of excise, prosecuted,

ARE/ESTED ON SUSPECION.—NIartin Burns, a stranger was charged with having been found in possession of four pounds of bacon supposed to have been stolen.— The Chief Constable said Superintendent Monaghan met the prisoner carrying the bacon in Buttermarket- street and as he was Unable to give a satisfactory account of it he was taken to the Police Station.—Prisoner was remanded until Monday to give the police an opportun- ity of ascertaining who is the owner of the bacon. MoNns.v.—Before Messrs. P. Monks (presiding), T. Birchall, J. W. Hayward, H. Thornton and S. Wright. A SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER.—Martin Burns, a tramp, was charged with frequenting Mersey-street on the previous Thursday with intent to commit a felony. Superintendent Monaghan said that about a quarter to eleven o'clock on Thursday morning he saw the prisoner acting in a very suspicious manner in Mersey-street, and he was carrying a parcel which, on being examined, was foundlto contain about 41bs. of bacon. Prisoner gave various unsatisfactory accounts of how he came in possession of the bacon, and he was taken to the Police Station. No owner had been found for the bacon, as it was almost impossible to identify it.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for o e month with hard labour. CONSTABLE AssAyr:rm.—Thomas O'Connor, 10, Foim- fain-street, was charged with having been drank and disorderly at Bridge Foot on Saturday night, and with assaulting Constable Tolley.—The lofficer stated that prisoner was under the influence of drink and wanted to light. Witness spoke to him three times and prisoner used bad language.Witness!had to get theassistance of a tram checker named Thomas Davenport to take O'Connor to the Police Station, whereupon prisoner threw himself on the ground, became very violent and'licked witness several times on the hands and legs.—Mr. Crompton (Messrs. Browne and Crompton), who appeared on the instructions of O'Connor's mother, said the prisonerhad never been charged previously with anything. He had been a teetotaller for a long time, but on Saturday he bad some drink and did not know quite what occurred. He had alwr.-s I.3orir a good character. His father was, unfortunate in prison for not maintaining his wife, and prisoner was her sole support. As prisoner had I een in custody sknce S,turday night he asked the Bench to deal with him as leniently as possible.—The Bench fined prisoner ss.:and costs(l2s.in ill).—John Fogg, 79,Birchall street, was then charged with making use of obscene language at Bridge Foot on Saturday night.—P.C. Tolley said Fogg was with the last prisoner and made

TRY ALLEN'S FOOT EASE a powder to be shaken into the shoes. Your feet feel swollen, nervous, and damp, and get tired easily. If you have aching feet. try Allen's Foot-Base. It rests the feet and makes new or tight boo t$ easy. Cures hot, swollen, sweating feet, blisters and callous spats. Re- lieves oorns and bunions of ad pain. and gives rest and .comfort Try it to-day. Of all Oho mists and Store;. Price Is lid. Accept no substitute, Sent post free for Is. lid. Trial paoaageFlt IL—Address ALLICN d..linsted, 14, Sliver-street, Bloomsbury Sguaro, London.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
use of filthy language when O'Connor was taken into custody.—The Chief Constable said it was awful to go through the streets on Saturday nights and hear lads making use of filthy language.—A fine of ss. was im- posed. BREVITIIIS.—John Ford, 77, Bostock street, Wm. Ford 20, Holland street, and William Bibby, 4, Old Gardens, were bound over and ordered to pay 7s each for fighting. For creating a disturbance in Scotland road, Thomas O'Day, 4, Portland street, was fined ss. TUESDAY.—Before Dr. Fox (in the chair), Alderman Hutchinson, and Mr. J. R. Young. A WOMAN IMPRISONED FOR THEFT.—Mary Warbur- ton, Nicholson-street, was -Charged vsith stealing from the house of John Kelly, 37, Nicholson-street, on June 17th, a pair of boy's boots, of the value of Bs. 6d. The Chief Constable stated that the daughter'of the prose- cufor left the house early in the afternoon, leaving the boots under the sofa downstairs. The back door was not locked. becAuse a visit from a relative was expected. When she returned the boots were missing, and inform- ation was given to the police. It was ascertained that the prisoner had pledged the boots for 3s. 6d. at Domville's pawnshop in Priestley-street, the same afternoon, saying that they were her own property. She was arrested on Monday by Superintendent Monaghan, and admitted the theft. In October last the prisoner stole a book belonging to a member of the Co-operative Society, forged the signature, and drew some money. She was on that occasion very mercifully treated bythe magistrates, and fined 40s. and costs. She was a source _ _

of trouble to her husband, who was a young man hold- ing a respectable position. For some years this woman had been an habitual drunkard, and would stop at absolutely nothing to provide her with the means of gratifying her insatiable thirst—She was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOMALIES OF REPRESENTATION.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE'S ELECTORAL ROLLS.

• The return which has just been laid before Parliament of the number of electors in the nonst'tnencies of the United Kingdom is of considerable interest as it affects the representation of Cheshire and Lancashire. Dealing first with the County Palatine, it may be noted that there is now in the County an aggregate of 692,464 electors, an increase of 10,553 over 1902. As the County possesses 57 Parliamentary representatives there is on the avesage an electorate of 12,148 per member. The average for the Kingdom is 10,506 per member, and on this basis Lancashire is entitled to nine additional members.

There are in Lancashire nearly 50,000 more electors than in the Metropolitanboroughs (including West Ham and Woolwich), but while London has the 61 members to which her electorate entitles her, Lancashire has only 57 instead of 66. Yorkshire, the other great manufac- turinc" county, is also much under-represented, being entitled, like Lancashire, to nine more members. It is interesting to compare these groups of English constit- uencies with the electorate of Scotland and Ireland res- pectively. Scotland has 692,855 electors, practically the same as Lancashire, but she has 70 members instead of 57. This gives an average of 9,898 electors per mem- ber, as compared with 12,148 in Lancashire. Ireland has an electorate of 707,208, with 101 members, an average of 7,002 per member. To enable our readers more easily to compare the figures, we append the totals of the five groups of constituencies we have named, and in the last column show the number of members to which each would be entitled on the basis of equal representation : Group. No. of No. of Average Members members. electors. per entitled

member. to: Lancashire Yorkshire 52 ... 644,064 ... 12,386 ... 61 Metropolis Scotland Ireland The electorate of Ireland, like the population continues to decline. Scotland took the lead in population at the last census. and in a year or two will also have more electors than Ireland. But there is a wide differ- ence in the representation of the two countries, and year by year the disproportion becomes greater. If Lancashire were represented on the same scale as Ire- land, it would have 99 members instead of 57. The number of voters for the present year in the Cheshire constituencies is 141,945, as compared with 139,832 last year4This gives an:average per member of 10,919, which is somewhat in excess of the average for the Kingdom. . Great as are the differences in the representation of the various portions of the Kingdom, the discrepancies between individual constituencies are even greater. In Yorkshire the constituenoies vary from 18,116 at, Middlesbrough to 3,22 a at Pontefract. In the metro- politan and home counties district the smallestconstitu-. ency is St. George in the East with 3,253 electors, and the largest the Rcenford Dieision with 39,158. In Ireland the totals range from 1,517 at Kilkenny to 16,484 at East Belfast, and in Scotland from 2,630 at Wick to 18,569 in North East Lanark. Or if we take a more general view, we find that 27 of the smaller constituencies in the Kingdom, with 27 Par- liamentary representatives, have an aggregate electorate of .only 82,787 electors, while three single-member con- stituencies in greater London have 94,862 electors, though only possessed of a ninth of the representation. As might be expected, every year's delay in redistribu- tion accentuates these glaring inequalities in representa- tion. If the electorate of the small borough and county constituencies does not actually decrease, it increases so slowly that the more rapid growth of the populous centres places them relatively still further ahead. In Lancashire and Cheshire there are no such extreme variations as we have been noticing, but there are inequalities which are sufficiently serious, and theeeare becoming more marked year by year. The largest single- member constituency in the County Palatine is the Stretford Division with 21,415 electors, and the smallest Ashtob-under-Lynewith 7,986. There are eleven con- stituencies (represented by twelve members)which have electorates exceeding 15,000 per member,and an aggregate of 208,192 voters. At the other end of the list there are Lancashire constituencies returning 22 members to Parliament which have an aggregate electorate of only 206,347. In other words the 206,000 voters in the one group have nearly double the representation of the 208,000 in the other. In the one ease the • avezage is 17,168 per member and in the ,other 9382. With the exception of Oldham and Burnley, all the constituencies with more than 15000 electors are county divisions. Oldham, with two members, has more electors than Salford, which is a three-cornered constituency. Liver- pool has orie more member than it is entitled to on a numerical basis, while in Manchester the Average is above that of the country., In Cheshire the largest constituency is the Wirrall Division, with 16,993 voters. Birkenhead comes next with 15,816, and the Altrincham and Crewe Division, follow with upwards of 14,000 in each. It is to be noted that Chester, Stalybride and Stockport(2) which return four members to Parliament have anaggregate of only 27,655 electors, an average pm: member of 6914; whereas the four large constituencies we have named have an electorate of 61,577, an average of 15,394. The following is the list of the Lancashire Boroughs with more than one Parliamentary representative each :

Names No. of No. of members. electors.

Aerage per.

member. Oldham 2 ... 32,108 ... ... 16,054 Manchester Salford 3 ... ... 31,525 ... ... 19,508

Blackburn 2 20,324 16,162 Bolton

Liverpool 9 ... ... 84,581 ... ... 9,398 Preston 2 ... ... 17,973 ... ... 8,986 The boroughs represented by one member only are as follows :

Burnley Rochdale St. Helens 11,501 Barrow - in- Furness 8,197 Warrington The 23 Lancashire County divisions—all but one of which have more than 10,000 voters—areas follows:— Names of Names of • __

Divisions. Electors. Divisions. Electors. Stretford 21,415 Lancaster 13,640 Clitheroe Bootle

, Blackpool 18,795 Cho-rley Prestwich 17,467 Radcliffe-cum- West Houghton Eccles - Darwen. Gorton 15,473 Ormskirk 11,773 Accrington Middleton Southport 13,992 North Lonsdale... 9,818 In the County divisions of Lancashire there are 42,481 ownership voters, 289,131 occupiers, and 4,081 lodger voters. In the boroughs there is an aggregate of 4,002 lodger voters. The following aro the details of the Cheshire constituencies : __

Boroughs.. No. of Electors Members. 1903. 1902. Birkenhead Chester • 1 ... 7,542 ... 7,549

, , Stalybridge 1 ... ... 7,491 ... ... 7,565 Stockport 2 ... ... 12,622 ... ... 12,551 County Divisions

(one m;mber each.) Wirral Division Eddisbury Maoclesfield . 8,493 ... ... 8,472 Crewe 11,215 ... ... 13,905 Northwich 12,399 ... ... 12,240 Altrincham

Hyde Knutsford - ... 10,339 _

In the County divisions there are 12,622 ownerihip electors an& 1670 lodger vote-s. In the four boroughs there are 924 lodger voters, Birkenhead heading the list with 749.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, June 26, 1903.

matter, and he was afraid what he had to say would be somewhat disjointed. The reison for starting this school was that they had in town such a large number of children who were attending the sixth, seventh, and ex-seventh standards, for many of whom no proper pro- vision was made for teaching. In some cases the children ware taught by uncertificated teachers. When a child got to the age of ten or twelve —this proposal would only deal with those who had reached the age of twelve and did not exceed 16—one would think he or she ought to have the best qualified teachers it was possible to get and not leave them in the hands of uncertificated teachers. In addition, there was no special course of instruction, as far as they had been able to ascertain, which was arranged exclusively for those scholars; and, therefore, they were doing little else than what might be described as "marking time." They were not making that progress that they ought to do and as parents had a right to expect, seeing they were paying fees and the children were being kept at school for that particular purpose. The proposed secondary day school would deal exclusively with those children. It was proposed to educateloo boys and girls. They were restricted. to 100 because the present Tech- nical School would not accommodate more in addition to the pupil teachers being taught there,and he thought the total number of children ip town available for this school amounted to about 1,300, who were qualified by age and having passed certain standards. They were only providing for 100 out of 1,300 who ought to have that provision made for them. (Hear, hear.) The idea was that the brighter and sharper boys and girls would be drawn to this school from the existing ele- mentary schools, and they would be able to get a better average than obtained in the existing elementary schools. They would get the best boys and girls to- gether, and arrange a special course of instruction which would take them on further than they could pos- sibly be taken by being left in the elementary schools. In the latter they could easily imagine there was a cer- tain average, but there would be a few with brighter intellects and sharper brains, and it was those for whom they were trying to cater. There were at the present time as many as 25 children going from Warrington to Widnes for the education they could not get in War- rington, but which would be provided for them if this scheme was approved. In order to restrict the numbers they proposed to have au entrance examination,and only those who passed best would form the .100. It should be restricted also to those who had previously passed throug_h three years at an elementary school in Warring- ton. It was intended to prevent any outsider taking advantage of it, because the accommodation was so small that kp ought to be confined exclusively to rate- payers in tEe town. The reason for adopting a secondary school rather than a higher elementary school was because the age limit in a higher elementary school was restricted from 10 to 15. Ten seemed young,and twelve was a better age. Another reason was that they had the accommodation. It would require some additional teachers or masters appointing, who would also be able to help in the work of carrying on the Technical Classes and Commercial and Continuation Schools. They hoped to be able to get a better selec- tion, perhaps, of teachers, by finding them more complete occupation during the day and even- ing. They could devote their time between the two, as against teachers who merely came to one particular class and subject, and most of whom came from towns outside Warrington, and did not live in Warrington. The proposal would meet a distinct want in the town. It would enable the committee to experi- ment and see how far that want was likely to be appre- ciated, and it would give them experience which would be available in co-ordinating a scheme of education so as to provide a ladder which would enable boys to go through elementary schools to the Grammar School and on to the University. There was no probability of there being any competition between this school and the Grammar School. One would not do anything to interfere or injure the Grammar School. These classes would appeal to an entirely different class of people and children—the class who did not consider the Grammar ,School. No decision had been come to in regard to the fee, but a sum had been suggested of is. per week, pay- able by each scholar. It would be a decided benefit to the pupil teachers to be taught along with the bright boys in the elementary. schools. This was the sort of thing the inspectors had for some time been asking for. The school would, he thought, in a large measure be self-supporting. The 100 children were estimated to earn an average of 80s. per annum' making £4OO. (Hear, hear.) The pupil teachers would be available for this school, and altogether the two would work very well together, especially in conjunction with the teachers of the Technical Institute. The committee, on the whole, had every confidence in putting this forward as being the right thing at the right time. (Hear, hear.) Since coming into that room it had been suggested that the matter be postponed for a month. His objection to that was that it meant they would have to reconsider the question in July, then they would have to wait till August for it to be confirmed by the Council, and it would be impossible to start in September. If they did not start now it meant a delay of twelve months, and it seemed a shame and hard lines on those parents who were anxious to keep their children at soheol that that should be the case. Councillor UPsoN seconded.

Councillor CRIIK moved as an amendment that the minute be referred back. He said he did so for two reasons. The matter of the proposed secondary day school was only brought before the School Management Committee at the meeting held on Thursday last, at which only half of the committee were present, and at the tail end of a meeting with a long agenda; there- fore it had not been discussed by the committee. His other objection to the proposal was that to start the secondary day school in the institute meant getting in the thin end of the wedge for a school ,which was pro- posed, but which the Town Council threw out some months ago. He did not think the school was at all necessary at present; in fact, the matter had not been discussed by the SchoollManagement Committee as a whole, and it was, therefore, premature to bring it before the General Committee. He moved as an:amend- ment thlt the minutes of the School Management Committee be confirmed with the exception of the one relating to the school.

The Rev. E. J. WtI.LCOCKS seconded, and said he felt they were all agreed they ought to have some sort of a continuation school. He was quite open to conviction; if he could be convinced a certain school was right he should agree to it, but 'ho deprecated the haste with which this important step in their policy—this first step in their educational policy—had been rushed through. It was rushed through at a meeting held last Thursday at a small meeting of Ilve. Alderman MONKS: Sir.

The Rev. E. J. WILLCOCKS: STot when the voting wits on. Continuing, he said that the matter was rushed on at the end of a long and weary agenda. He Was sick and weary, and wanted to get away. Why was not the matter brought before a proper meeting, when they could discuss itand think about it? He did,not say that he would oppose the formation of the school, but he thought they should have a higher elementary school with an education of a general and useful character. It was continuous and caroled on the education from the elementary school; and the most important point was that it could he carried onat a low fee or as a free school if they wanted it. Was it right to restrict the school to 100 boys and girls? If they weie te carry out the suggestion, they ought to do so properly, and build a school. It would be it great pity to see the Technical School turned into a school like thetone proposed, as he did not think it was suitable. The pupil teachers were there and the evening classes; and they would be quite enough. He should also like to ask what was the lowest fee that could be charged in a secondary day school. What about the grants? Would they receive grants from all the pupils or only from those who were taking science? What would they teach boys from 12 to 14 years of age? The suggestion seemed to him to be a bit of a farce, and he thought it would be better to give the children a good general education instead of all this science. What would they do with boys of 12 who were no good at science?- They really wanted a practical, higher elementary school for boys until they could do some science. He was not antagonistic to higher educa- tion, but the scheme ought to have been brought before them in such a way that they could have discussed it. He did not think they should be led blindfold, and he must enter protest at that point. This was the first piece of policy they had had before them. (Hear,hear.) Councillor UPSON objected to the charge which had been made that the matter had been rushed. All the members of the committee were summoned. They met at half-past five and it was half-past nine when heleft. The subject was thoroughly discussed, and yet a mem- ber of the committee who ought to have been present took exception to what had been done, moved an amendment, told them that the scheme was proposed at a small meeting, and that it had been rushed. He (the speaker) should strenuously oppose any policy of de- lay. In Warrington they had nearly 70,000 people de- pendent for this higher education on a borough of 30,000. It was perfectly monstrous that boys should have to go to Widnes to get a higher elementary educa- tion that could not be provided in Warrington. Our national existence depended not so much upon the army and navy or even preferential tariffs. (Laughter.) The first line of defence was their education. (Hear, hear, and appktuse.) They had been lax for many years in Warrington in not providing that secondary education they ought to have provided, and which the ratepayers were demanding. Mr. Willcocks had harped very much upon the opinion that that was practically a school of science,but he should like to remind him that there would be religious instruction, French, Latin, mathematics, geometry, modeland free hand drawing, woodwork for boys, geography, mensuration, heat, magnetism and electricity, &c. It was, in fact, an all-round education and not the development of a scientific education; the science imparted would be of a general character, and was not specialized at all. The grants would be paid on the average attendance of the boys in the secondary school, exactly as they were in the primary school, and with regard to the fee, they could if they:thought proper make it a free school. The fee charged at Widnes was 6d., and also at Mancheqter. with a shilling to those living outside the city. The question of the fee need not be considered; it MS not prohibitive at all. and he implored the members of the Committee to hesitate no longer in the establishment of this school. It was one of the crying needs of the town. Where did the girls come in? It was one of th 3 complaints of the Training College authorities that young women came partially prepared for the higher education to be given to them, and this would be to a certain extent a train- ing college for the pupil teachers.

IMr. A. J. JOLLEY Said it seemed to him that the seconder had practically answered the mover of the amendment. Tney contradicted one another, but they had one thing in common, namely, that they wanted to send the matter back for further consideration. The arguments Mr. Craik had used were practically the crusted Tory arguments of 100 years ago, that the three R's were good enough for anyone in Warrington. (Laugh- ter.) He trusted that the majority of the committee woald not go behind the times, but that they would go ahead. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Willcozirs had said that this was an important step forward.He had a strong liking for Mr. Willcocks and always had had,and,therefore,he should ba sorry to say anyticing that would hurt his feelings but he was taking a decidedly backward step instead of a forviard one that evening. The necessary additions to the staff wauld be partly employed in teaching, if the minute was pa,s3ed, in the secondary school and some would be engaged part of the time in the evening chsses, the technical classes pure and simple. They would also have a chance of getting a better class of teachers and better results all through. Councillor ' Craik appeared to look with horror at the prospect of such a school for the benefit of the children, but he (the speaker) welcomed it. One of the most unfortunate steps the Town Council took was when they refused to complete the originalplans for the institute. The build- ; ing was a great blessing to the town at it was, but it would have been a further blessing if it had been corn- ' pleted, and he hoped that not many years would elapse ; before it was completed and crowded with students! drawn from all classes. (Hear, hear.) The members of the School Management Committee had been working • as hard as possible with the sole end of improving • education all lamed, and he hoped that the Education Committee by an overwhelming majority would show thtt they approved of the lines on which the School Management Committee were endeavouring to work. (Hear, hear.) Alderman MONKS said there would be no restrictions or regulations as to the fees; they could fix them at any sum they liked. The Rev. E. J. WILLCOCKS : What do you do with children who don't take science? Suppose the inspector does not pass them. Alderman MONKS: The grant is paid on the attend- ance, irrespective of what is taught, and we can arrange our own course of instruction as seems to be required., We can take certain groups of subjects. There is more I freedom allowed than would be the case in .the higher I elementary school. Mr. T. MAY supported the amendment, and advocated giving opportunities to the yauth of Warrington such as he had in Edinburgh 40 or 50 years ago. Since that time the basis of education in Warrington had been broadened, the scene had been changed, but certain gentlemen were trying to take on their shoulders work that should have been done by the public of Warring- ton and was now being done by the present committee. lie thought they should endeavour to follow the lead! of the Government in that respect and use all the branches of 'education and hasten slowly—it was a good motto " festina lente"—as the work could be done quite as effectually and as efficiently by means of a short ' delay. He did not want secondary education to be delayed; he wanted it to be hastened and advanced, but at the same time, he wanted the members of the com- mittee to be unanimous. With the rates in their present condition the public were not prepared to undertake any large expenditure for secondary education. With a short delay and more enlightenment, they would get the work done betterfand more unanimously andeffectually. The Rev. MORLEY STEVENSON contended that this was a matter of very great importance. Alderman Monks had alluded to a class of children who now formed the upper classes in their elementary schools, and he (the speaker) should like to add to that, a plea on behalf of another class of children for whom it was more import- ant still to provide. Whena child had passed through the elementary school, and when his parents were Successful enough to wishhim to have a year or two more schooling, it was true that there was really no place absolutely in Warrington to which he could go. They had their excellent Grammar School, of which they wereall proud, but it was obvious that the majority of children had not followed the curriculum which would fit them for a Grammar School education or be able to pay the fees which were justly demanded. Therefore, they had a large class of children whose parents would be glad to give them another year or two at school,a,nd to have another place to send them to.lVlany of the children were unable to get employment at once; they ran about the streets and got into mischief instead of learn- ing what would do them good. As educaitonists they should all be agreed that until some school accommoda- tion was provided for those children, there was a blot upon their system which they ought to endeavour to wipe out,so far he took it that they were agreed. Now came the question—What is the best kind of school? Two had been mentioned—the higher elementary and secondary school A. For some time he had found considerable difficulty in making up his mind. He had at first rather leaned to the higher school, but what he had learnt since, had shaken his convictionsvery considerably, and it was found that the curriculum in the secondary school need not be, as he had thought at one time,almost entirely scientific, but fairly general. The grant was considerably larger and the age limit higher, and these seemed to him to be distinct advantages. A year's delay would bea serious matter, and; it would be a great pity to put off a step that was BO necessary. They had buildings—they might not be perfect in every respect— and could get the additional staff necessary as a. temporary expedient. It would, therefore, be well to utilize the buildings. He appealed to the mover and seconder of the amendment to withdraw it. He would like to see a 6d. fee-; it was quite as much as the children-of working parents ought to be made to pay. (Hear. hear.) Councillor WILKINSON said this was no new thing. It had been argued for a couple of years, and he should vote for the resolution. He desired to see such a school opened forthwith.

'Alderman BENNETT said he had been inclined on the whole to support the amendment, but after listening to the discussion he was convinced that the balance of argument was in favour of the original proposal. Although the committee was small, some of ;the mem- bers gave the matter great and prolonged consideration. If they could re-consider the matter without postponing the establishment of the school until another winter, there might be some reason for the delay, but if it would be almost impossible to establish the school in September unless they took the preliminary proceed- ings, now they were bound to do so if they were to do justice to the educational requirements of the town. They ought to put the benefits of the school within the reach of the lowest and poorest child in the town if it had the necessary ability. The resolution did not com- mit them to anything in the matter of fees. He should, therefore, support. the original minutes. Councillor W. ROBERTS said that what had impressed him mgre than anything else was that there were 1,300 children qualified to enter a school of the kind proposed, and seeing that they were only proposing to provide for 100, it was an experiment that might very well be tried. What he lilted was that the admission would be competitive, and it would be a great encouragement to the young people to try to ,qualify themselves. He supported the suggestion that the fee should not be one shilling; what Manehester could do for 6d. surely War- rington could do. He also supported the resolution bemuse they had buildings for the purpose. Councillor W. PIERPOINT, in reply to Mr. Jolley said the Town Council threw out the resolution about, the extension of the institute, not because they had any objection to the foundation of a secondary school, but because the scheme was of an extravagant nature. In the circumstances they had no other course left. It was absurd to ay that he opposed the establishment of further educational facilities ; it was only a lot of gas and wind-bag oratory that might as well not have been uttered. (laughter) There was a point that seemed to him to reflect greatly on some of the educational institutions of Warrington. .It had been said there were numbers of boys and girls who had passed the sixth and seventh standards who were marking time. This was a great reflection on the schools that had allowed such a conditinh of things to exist, and alsa upon the Educa- tion Committee for not having taken earlier steps to bring about an alteration. Mr. PLINSTON said he would vote for the minutes, as it had been conclusively proved that what was proposed was a very necessary supplement to the voluntary educa- tion in Warrington to-day. Councillor CRAW said that with his seconder's approval he would withdraw the amendment. The dis- cusdon had done good and had enlightened many people. He should like to say to Mr. Jolley and others that he was not opposing the scheme ; he simply wishei to refer the minute back for further considgration. The Rev. E. J. Wthr.cocics expressed his willingness to withdraw.

Alderman MONKS, in reply, said he wished to con- tradict as strongly as possible the opinion that there had been any desire to rush this thing through. There were six persons presents at the meeting, and they all remained to the end.

The Rev. E. J. Wir.r.cocKs : Mr. Stevenson went before it was over.

Alderman MONKS : He waited until we had come to a unanimous decision.

The R3V. E. J. WILLCOCKS : He went before the voting.

Alderman MONKS : He expressed his hearty concur- rence in the proposal; and instead of being discussed at the fag end of the meeting, much more than half the meeting was occupied with this mrticular resolution. The only one who opposed was Mr. Willcocks, and he finally said he would not oppose any longer.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

MONTHLY MEETING.

Formation of a Secondary Day School

Sanctioned.

The adjourned June meeting of the • Warrington Education Committee was held on Monday evening at the Town Hall. Mr. F. Monks J.P., presided and there were also nresent :—The Mayor (Mr. J. C. Parr), the Revs. E. J. Willcocks, M. Stevenson, and N. Wilson, Aldermen Monks and Bennett, Councillors Brophy, Craik, Davies, Dodds, Upson, Ellison, James Evans, Hulse, Pierpoint, J. Roberts, W. Roberts, Rogers, Tinnion, and Wilkinson, Major J. D. Buckton, Messrs. W. Bibby, R. T. Fairclough, E. J. Guest, W. Madden, E. Plinston, J. Fulton Smith, George Walker, A. J. Jolley, T. May, and J. Moore Murray (director of education). icu COMMITTEES OR SUB-COMMITTEES?

The CHAIRMAN moved the adoption of the minutes of the last meeting, and. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded.—Major Bucktoa observed that in the minutes the sub-committees were called committees, and therefore, he took it, the minutes were not correct.—The Chairman said it was decided by the Education Committee to call them committees.—Major Buckton contended that they had no authority to cal them committees.—Mr. T. May supported the protest. It seemed to him that committee was a committee of the Council. Then they also had committees, sub-com- mittees, and sub-sub-committees, and they were reduc- ing the thing to an absurd degree by dividing the work and making themselves non-entities unnecessarily.—The Chairman said he did not think it mattered very much. There was no difficulty arising from it.—rhe minutes were then agreed to.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL FEES.

The DIRECTOR read the following letter he had re- ceived from the Rev. J. Davies :—" 5, Folly-lane, War- rington, June 10th. Dear Sir,—At a meeting of "The Association of Foundation Managers of the Church of England Day Schools in the County Borough of War- rington, held on Monday last, June Bth, I was in- structed, as secretary, to submit to you the resolution below as of urgent and great importance, and with the object of facilitating and making as efficient as possible the management of the various schools :—Apportion- meat of fees. What proportion of the school fees the Education Committee proposes-to pay to the managers in accordance with Section 14 of the Act, and when the first !instalment will be paid ?"—Very faithfully yours J S. DAVIES."

The CHAIRMAN suggested that the letter be referred to the Finance Committee to deal with,

Councillor WILKINSON seconded, andihe proposal was agreed to.

SILVER-STREET FOUNDATION MANAGERS.

The DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION stated that he had received an order from the Board of Education explain- ing how the foundation managers for Silver-street Wesleyan School were to be elected. Those managers who had already been elected would remain in office one year and then for the following year they would be appointed according to this scheme. Councillor UPSON said that when their managers were elected they did not know then that the parents and subscribers had the power to elect, but only to nominate. Had they known that they had the power of direct election the .trustees would have allowed the managers to be directly elected. The matter was referred to the General Purposes Committee on the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Councillor TENNION. THE APPOINTMENT OF CHIEF CLERKAc

The CHAIRMAN moved that the question of appoint- ing the chief clerk and other officials be referred to the Finance Committee for consideration, and to make recommendations.

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded, and the motion was agreed to.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S SUGGESTIONS.

The Town Clerk forwarded a resolution passed at the last meeting of the Health Committee, recommending the committee to give instructions to the headmasters of schools to notify alleged or suspected cases of infectious disease, and also that instruction be given to girls in the higher standards on the feeding of children. This was referred to the School Management Committee on the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Coun- cillor DODDS.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

The Finance Committee resolved that the following accounts be passed for payment :—Teachers' salaries, £1,583 6s. 2d.; school attendance officers' salaries, £43 35. 6d; general accOunt, £BlO 9s. Id. They also decided to ask the Education Committee to give them the control and management of the offices, and the control of all officers of the committee not specifically under the control of any other sub-committee. _

The confirmation of the minutes was moved by Mr.A. J._JOLLEY and seconded by Councillor WILKINSON. _ _

Mr. Pussros asked for informttion i-,-3i;i:idis;g the general account of £B4O odd. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said it was simply the total amount of the accounts passed by the sub-committees. The CHAIRMAN: It is a summary of all the accounts. You can see the schedule at the treasurer's office. The minutes were agreed to. SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE.

eit a meeting of the School Management Committee, held on the 21st May, it was resolved that prizes be pro- vided for the pupil teachers, as in previous years, at a cost not exceeding £l5; that the application of Mr. H. Buxton, teacher at the Pupil Teachers' Centre, for an increase of salary be deferred, pending the arrange- ment of the classesf but that he be awarded a bonus of -£10; that permission be given to the managers of the Warrington B. School to appoint two certificated assist- ants and one Article 50 teacher. The resignation of a teacher of the Latchford R.C. School was notified, and it was resolved that the managers of the Latchfordiß.C. S3hool,be requested to appoint a certificatedassistant in her place. An application from the managers of the Wycliffe B. School for increases of salaries foe two teachers was considered, when it was deci- ded that the committee cannot see their way to make these exceptions to the adopted scale; also that consent be given to the appointment of the following teachers :—Miss Vanda Taylor, Wycliffe 8., salary £5O ; Miss Catharine Comip, Wycliffe 8.. salary £5O; Mr. Skelton Holliday, Warrington Parochial, salary £9O (provisionally) • Mr. Robert Manifold, War- rington Parochial;salary £9O (provisionally) ; Mr. J. A. Williams, Silver street, salary £B5; Mr. W. H. Cragg, Silver street, salary according to scale; that the regu- lations forifoundation managers, with reference to the appointment and dismissal of teachers be approved and adopted ; that the regulations and instructions for repre- sentative managers of non-provided schools be approved and adopted; that the regulations for foundation managers and the regulations and instructions forrepre- sentative managers be printed, and a copy sent to all the members on the body of managers of each school, together with a copy of the code ; that the secretary make application for the pupil teachers to sit at the forthcoming King's Scholarship Examination; that, permission be given to the members of the War- rington Certificated Class Teachers' Association to use thercommon room at the Tezhnical Institute for the purpose of holding their association meetings. At a meeting held on the 4th June, it was resolved that consent be given to the ' appointment of the following teachers :—Miss E. Hatton, Warrington B.' according to scale;_ Miss J. Carr, Latchford N., do.; Miss Annie Roddy, St. Benedict's, £5O. It was further resolved that the Chairman (Alderman Monks), the Rev. Morley Stevenson, Mr. A. J. Jolley and Mr. J. Upson be ap- pointed a sub-committee to consider the application of the scale of salaries to existing appointments. At a meeting on the 18th June, it was resolved that the fees (213 13s. fid.) due to the special local secretary for con- ducting the Science and Art examinations, as shown on Form No. 983 of the Board of Education, be paid to the director of education. The following resolution passed by the special sub-committee appointed to consider the application of the scale of salaries to existing appoint- ments, was approved :—" That in applying the scale ' of salaries for certificated teachers to existing appointments in exceptional cases only, every five years of approved service shall be counted as one year under this committee." It was resolved that the Chairman, Rev. N. Wilson and Mr. John Upson, be appointed a sub-committee to con- sider the applications and recommend a person for the appointment of assistant teacher of cookery; that the application of the headmaster of the School of Art for an increase of salary be deferred pending the receipt of I further information; that consent be given to the appointment of the following teachers :—Miss Olwen Hughes, St. Barnabas, salary £5O; Miss Frances Bolton, do. according to scale; Miss Leah Clay, Warrington 8., do.; Miss Rose E. Armitage, d0.,d0.;• Miss C. A. Quine, Hamilton-street N., do.; Miss Annie Howard, do., do.; Miss Chatterton, do., do. ; Miss Gorse, do., transferred from boys' department; Mr. A. E. Hoyle, Wycliffe 8., according to scale ; Miss Mary Richardson, St. Alban's, do: A resolution passed by tne Association of Founda- tion Managers of the Church of England Day Schools with reference to the medium of communication was read, and it was resolved that the correspondence be conducted as before, but that a copy of all communica- tions to the head teachers be sent at the same time to thecorrespondents of the schools The minutec were confirmed on the proposition of Alderman MONKS

FORMATION OF A SECONDARY DAY SCHOOL. ANIMATED DISCUSSION.

'FIRST STEP IN OUR EDUCATIO:. AL POLICY."

The School Management Committee, on June 18th I also resolved : "That the necessary „steps be taken for the formation of a secondary day school to be held in the Technical institute, and that application be made to the Board of Education for recognition of the school as a secondary day school, division A,' under the regula- : tions for the secondary day schools." Alderman MONKS, in proposing the confirmation of the minutes of the committee, said he was sorry he had nothad time that day to give any consideration to this

===== 0002601_19030626_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING "EXTRA NICE." Natural Fruit Jellies.

For a cooling refreshing summer dieb nothing can be better or more enjoyable than natural Fruit Jellies,pre- pared with the juice of any fresh fruit and Brown and Poison's " Patent " Corn Flour. They are not only "extra nice "but "extra good," and much to be pre- ferred to artificially flavoured prepared jellies, which are of little food value.

Brown and Poison's natural Fruit Jellies are cooling to the blood, delicious to the palate, and are food as well as refreshment.

You will find a variety of attractive recipes for such jellies and other light summer diet in Brown and Poison's new booklet," Summer Dishes," which will be sent by Brown and Poison, Dept. RIO, Paisley, on receipt of a penny stamp.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. E. J. WILLcocKs : On the ground that I music in the Park. did not, understand the matter. I wanted to learnaome- thing more about it. , By the kind permission of Major J. A. Edelsten and Alderman MONKS said it was not an easy matter to Officers commanding the 18t Volunteer Battalion. South get these things rushed through the Board of Education I: asr Regiment. The Volunteer Band, Lancashire as certain formalities had to be gone through. They will play the following programme on Sunday in the ' could not accommodate more than 100. Mr. Willcocks Park,at 3.15 p.m .—March " Stars and Stripes, Sousa; seemed to be frightened about the matter of science. Fantasia" The Sabbath Garland," Newton ; Air and He was afraid his one idea was applied science, which they did not propose to teach. What they meant by Chorus from Sampson; Air, " How willing my paternal science was instruction in the general principles under- love," Chorus "Fixed in his everlasting Seat," Handel; lying science of all kinds. With regard to the fee, he Anthem" In realms .)f bliss," Newton; Selection wished to say that while in many respects it was Elijah,"en e sso n " desirable to have it low he offered the suggestion • Handel; March" El. Capitan," Sousa; "God save that by making it too low there might be a difference the King," Mr. J. T. Richardson, conductor. to be made up by the rates. He would prefer it to be —41,„-- rather higher, have competition, and institute a certain number of scholarships. That would give an opportun- Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman, replying to a deputation ity of entering the school without the burden of of the chairmen of the platforms of the recent Hyde financial payment. There was no reflection on the Park demonstration against the London Education Bill, Education Committee with regard to scholars "marking said if the Opposition could not defeat the Bill they time." It might be a reflection on the school managers, could at least expose it, and they might in the future but seeing the schools only came under the control of be able to reverse it. the committee on the first of April, he resented what A story . iof tell-tale tobacco smoke was told in a Councillor Pierpoint had said. Lincolnshre divorce case on Wednesday. Suspicions Councillor PIERPOINT : I said had you known longer , were aroused by a smell of smoke in the wife's dressing" you ought to have brought about an alteration. gown after she had, ostensibly, been paying a visit to a Alderman MONKS: How could we? ' sister. 1 , Councillor PIERPOINT : What isthe good of splitting i DOUGAL DIES ON JULY 14. hairs? -‘ I The High Sheriff of Essex visited Chelmsford prison _ . _ . . . . . .

Alderman MONKS: The general impression given was on Wedne-sdayafternoon, and informed Dougal that his tfiat, there was a reflection on the committee and I execution had been fixed for Tuesday, July 14. strongly deny it. It is only since the first of April that LYNCH LAW. the matter has come under our management. Councillor PIERPOINT : I give you absolution. / One arrest has been made in connection with the (Laughter.) lynching of a negro at Wilmington, Delaware, on Mon - Councillor UPSON: Mr. Pierpoint might have given day. A negro was lynched in Mississippi State oa the managers absolution, too. (Laughter.) Tuesday, and another had a narrow escape at Porta The minutes were then put and agreed to in their Illinois. He was rescued by the Sheriff and his posse entirety. i from the mob. They had to use their rifles and revolvers; I Near Belleville, Illinois, where the lynching recently SCHOOL DOORS TO BE CLOSED AT 9.10 A.M. took place a negro charged with a murder is at large- The School Attendance Committee resolved :—" That A Sheriff's posse is in pursuit.—Central News the school doors of all schools be closed at ten minutes past nine each morning, and that no scholars be ad- nut,/ A MAN BECAME HIS OWN GRANDF'ATHER- mitted after that time.' I Beppo Bruzoni, a Neapolitan sailor, is a living proof Councillor ELLISON, in proposing the adoption of the of the fact that a man can be his own grandfather, "I. minutes, said parentscomplained that children had been married," he said, "a widow, and she had by her first absent through the school doors being locked at nine husband a handsome girl named Silvetta, with whom o'clock, and in order to remedy this it was decided to my father fell in love and became his second wife. allow them ten minutes. Their only object was to meet Thus my father became my son-in-law and my step the wishes of parents, and at the same time to improve daughter became my mother, since she had married ml the attendance as much as possible. A circular had been father: Soon afterwards my wife gave birth to a son, issued by the committee urging regular and punctual who became my father's step-brother and at the same attendance. I time, my uncle, since he was my step-mother's brother. Mr. BIBBY seconded. But that was not all, for in due time my father's wife

Mr. MAY pointed out that children who were sent to school and happened to be late generally spent the hours that should be spent in school in running about the streets, and in order to do good to the children they might do them a lot of harm by committing them to the streets when they ought to be in school. He thought the committee should not pass that resolution without due consideration, and see whether their Director and school authorities could not arrange some plan by which 1 children should not be turned away. The registers could I be marked to indicate lateness and the children should; be dealt with in some less drastic and injurious fashion. 1 The CHAIRMAN said if they opened the doors at 9.30 the children would be late. (Hear, hear.) Alderman MONKS said that if the schools doors were closed the school inspectors could tackle children who I were running about the streets and it was to help the in- spectors to carry out their duties that the resolution was brought forward. The minutes were then agreed to. INFANTS' SCHOOLS TO BE TRANSFERRED. The Board of Education having notified that they could only recognize the Latchford National Infants' school and the St. George's Mission Infants' school for a limited period, the Sites and Buildings Committee resolved that the Law Clerk be instructed to give public notice of the committee's intention to provide a new school in place of the Latchford National Infants' school, and also one in place of St. George's Mission Infants' At a meeting of the Speoial Sub-Committee held on the 15th June, the committee having considered the applica- tions for the transfer of the Latchford National Infants School to the Local Education Authority,it was resolved that the Education Committee be recommended, to enter into negotiations for the transfer of the schools and give the requisite public notices under Section 8 of the Education Act. The minutes were confirmed. A HEAD TEACHER'S HOUSE. A letter from the Rev. Canon Willis with reference' to the payment of rent for the head teacher's house at the Warrington Parochial School having been read, the Sites and Buildings Committee recommended an increase of the head teacher's salary of £25 in lieu of the house, &c. The minutes were adopted, on the proposition of Mr. R. T. FAIRCLOUGH, seconded by Councillor JAMES EVANS.

also gave birth to a boy, who was my biother and also my step-son, since he was the son of my daughter. MY wife was also my grandmother, for she was the mother of my mother, and thus I was my wife's husband and at the same time her grandson. Finally, as the husband of a person's grandmother, is naturally that person's grandfather, I am my own grandfather !"

===== 0002601_19030626_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENTS.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, a letter was read from the tecretaries of the North of England Educational Conference re the appointment of members on the General Committee. It was decided to submit the names of the Chairman,Councillor Ellison, and the Secretary for election. It was resolved that the committee be represented et the North of England Educational Conference at Leeds by three members. A letter was read from the Secretary of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes asking for names of representatives to attend the annual meeting at Barrow- in-Furness on September 25th. Councillor Upson, Mr. Thomas May and the Secretary were appointed to attend.

It was decided to submit Councillor Upson's name for election on the council of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes.

The minutes were confirmed on the proposition of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Alderman BENNETT. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

NORTHERN UNION COUNTY FIXTURES.

On Saturday afternoon, at Huddersfield, the following fixtures for the ensuing season were arranged :—October 28, Lancashire v. Cheshire; November 14, Yorshire v. Lancashire ;November 25, Cheshire v. Yorkshire; Decem- ber 9, Northumberland and Durham v. Lancashire; January 1, Cheshire v. Durham and Northumberland; Easter Tuesday, Yorkshire v. Durham and Northumber- land. The Cumberland match will .be arranged shortly.

Railway Facilities. We are pleased to notice that the Great Central Railway Company have arranged, from July let, a new service of trains between St. Helens, Wigan and Warrington, thus avoiding the change of trains at Glazebrook as formerly. This arrangement will greatly expedite the journeys to Liverpool, South- port,' Sheffield, Hull, •,I\T ottingham, Leicester, London, cite.

Licensing. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Joseph E. Shaw was granted temporary authority to sell at the lied Lion Inn, Winwick-road, in lieu of the late Thomas Broomhall Malkin. Henry James Buckard was granted temporary authority to sell at the Hawthorn Inn, Orford-lane, in place of his late father. Walking Day. _ _ _

On Afonday- evening the Education Committee decided to close all schools in Warrington on Thurs- day and Friday next on account of Walking Day. This year the order of the church procession will be altered in order to prevent gaps being caused by schools' falling out of line to proceed to their respective parishes. The order will be :-1, the Parish Church; 2, St. Peter's; 3, St. Paul's; 4, St. Ann's; 5, Holy Trinity; 6, St. Barnabas ; 7, St. James'. The parish which goes furthest along the arranged route, there- fore, starts first, and the school which has to break off from the procession first leaves the park last.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOP-BREAKING AT NARRINGTON.

A stranger giving the name of George Wilson, was brought before the magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday on the charge of breaking and entering the shop of Mr. James Hallwood, &c., Wilderspool-road, between 9.30 and 11.55 on Monday night and stealing tilbs.of tobacco, a gross of matches, a box of lead pencils, a cash bag containing Is. 10d. a bunch of keys, and a bottle lime juce of the total value of 21s. The Chief Constable asked • for a remand for a week in order that prisoner's antecedents could be inquired into. It appeared that Mr. Hallwood left the premises secure with the exception of a back window about fifteen feet from the ground which was left open for ventilation purposes. At about midnight Police Constable Bennett was on duty in Wilson-Patten-street and met the prisoner carrying a small bundle. The officer concealed himself until the prisoner was close to him and then challenged him. Prisoner said the bundle contained only a pair of slippers but the officer made a scrutiny of it and found the tobacco. On searching the man he discovered the other articles. It must have been an awful disappointment to the prisoner to take a bottle which was so deceptive in appearance and find it to contain only lime juice. H 6 spilled this in disgust on the floor. It appeared that prisoner entered the premises by obtaining a scaffold pole, rearing it against the window, and swarming up it. He thus entered the back premises and gained admission to the shop by breaking away a zinc partition. He made an unsuccessful attempt to open the safe. On being taken to the police station he admitted committing the robbery in the way des- cribed. The name of Wilson was so often given by travelling light-fingered gentlemen that he (Mr. Talbot) suspected that it was not the prisoner's right name.— Prisoner was remanded for a week.

THE NM'? FRIINOII ITIERAPION successful and biro • popullr remedy. as nloyod in the Continental Hospitals by /Mord liOstanoWeci Veipenn, end otters, surpasses everything hitherto enlPlO,, for in.purity of ike blood, spots,blotches, pains and swellino of the joii.i e, kir ney, bladder, and urinary disease-stricture, discha lg. s, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheumatisro.g.i),.o sie-plessne es neivous and physical exhaustion,etc. is prepared in II ree different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 aocordul to di.eases for si hush intended. Full particulars send staraPe addressed envelope for pamphlet to

a. Mg. Et:JOHNSON 43, HOLFORD-BQUARE, LONDON. E.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
; :

On SI Works 1 and Qu easy vi Platt, 1 Match cross N

PLATT, H. Iran J. Willi W. Env W. Prii W. Gib W. Hut W. Bari W. Fid J. Nay] J. Hun J. Sans

st•tiT Dail Clar W. Dod 'r. Asht R. Whi • Mac J. Thor A. Lon J.Sucili Shav Rati J. Wile

ALONG --i- Vert • 0, p.'icittrE 15rad w Atim A • *a, r _h• rrroc itacic • Sim Athe J- Simi

Firti; Ilefere( Rylai P.llison

Mr. j held ij 'llliday ('‘f the E 4tr. Att at the c Pruce

G • tef. • the 4tivatitiQ Were pi - Warren' tionie t•E ,"Ileton '3littOn et4Pital threE

===== 0002601_19030626_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING. -- WARRINGTON JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB v. WARRINGTON CONSERVATIVE CLUB.

These clubs met on Saturday, on Sankey-street green. After some well contested games, the seniors ran out Winners by 70 points. Score : - -

JUNIORS. S. D. SENIORS. S. D. T. Clayton 6) J. P. Taylor ll 1 5 It. Knight 2l 13 W Strettle n Thos. Hackett ll 1„ F. Turner lO }l3 Cl. Hi gham 4 . Wells }l3 11. Taylor ~..M. Tobin 5 I. Lockett J. f " , . , . s. Atkinson 46f 1 q IN J. Daniels 5 1 J. Podore 7 111 13 IL Tomlinson Barnes It. Dagnall 2} J. Leigh 5 11 113 4,.. H.-Dagnall 41 H. Brown ll} WJ. Wilcock 2 8g li .I- Owen. 4 S. Caldwell J.... Seed 4..: Taylor — 11 C. Grooms ~ 7}13 ~..,./'. McCormack 6 ).8 T. Turner 11 1 w. Worsley

153 77 77

187 122 122

230 Senior Club total ...309 Junior Club total —230

Majority forthe Seniors 79 WORKS BOWLING COMPETITION.

On Saturday afternoon the first round of the inter- Works bowling competition was concluded on the King and Queen green, when Smith's Wire Works gained an ,etlay victory over the St.lielens Cable Company, while riatt, Wilkinson and Company defeated Naylor's. One Match of the second round was played off, when White- cross No. 1 defeated Longford Wire Works. Score :

FIRST ROUND. PLATT, WILKINSON AND CO. NAYLOR'S. II- liankey J. Wilkinson W. Emery., l3 W Vernon W. Price i 1 J. Wilkins (capt.) W. Gibbons l5 F. Howard ll W. Hunt l5 W. Taylor 3 W. Barton (capt.) W. Fiddler J. Naylor l5 L. Cross 4 J. Hunt l5 J. Howarth 4. Sanson l5 S. Williams 3 b. Gleave ll R. Hicks l5

Majority for Platt, Wilkinson and Company-59 Points. ltefereo, Nit% J. Monks.

Shma's wing wonKs Dainteth Clare W. Dodd Ts. Ashton „„tt• Whitfield • Blackledge Thorniley A. Lomau 4.Sudlow Shut, (capt) •• • Rathbone I. Wilcox

CABLE co. 15 J. Worthington 15 J. Darlington 15 J. Williams .. 15 C. Chamberlain 15 W. Bradbury .. 15 J. Hatch .. 15 C. Stewart .. 15 C. Egerton .. 6 T. Chandler ... 15 W. Cartwright 3

... 15 J. Appleton- l2 ... 15 J. Clare 0

171 77 ullf_tiority for Smith's Wire Works-94p0ints. Referee,

SECOND ROUND. . A I.O.NGFORD WIRE WORKS. WHITECROSS NO. 1. vernon l5 A. Gleave l3 ... n, it ‘,„tare If uradburn 8 J. Weave If Atherton l5 W, Connor 4:Nrburton ll W. Shaw .1 Ott l5, S. Massey l2 rr is o n Q _-nrookes j",,; ttadcliffe Z. Simister (capt.) -u. Atherton l5 W Stevenson lO J- Simister

137 161 Majority for Whiteeross No. 1-27 points. Referee Air. T. Lawton.

The following matches have been arranged for Niturday afternoon:— , Firth Company v. Pearson and Knowles No. 1. ueferee, Mr. J. Harrison. ?Alisonßylands No. 1 v. Rylands No. 9

.. Referee, Mr. T.

Crosfield's No. 2v. London and North-Western Rail- Y. Referee, Mr. H. Williams.

Warrington P.S.A.

. J. Owen pre.sided at a meeting of this society eldin the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on "Iltiday. Miss Bannister gave an effective rendering the solo "Glory to Thee, my God, this night," and 'lr. Attwell sang in good style "Behold me standing ,113 t the door." Mr. Wadsworth accompanied. Mr. W. Pruce gave an excellent address on "Companionship." Water Polo.

At Gorton baths on Monday night Warrington water 13°10.team were defeated by Gorton in the first round lor the Lancashire Cup. Both sides were at the dis- a4w4nt„?ge of not being at full strangtb. Warrington were pressed in the first half, andlafter saving several warm shots Woods was at length beaten twice. W arren afterwards scored for Warrington, but the "ale team obtained a third goal before the 'interval. '3l'ton added the fourth and fifth goals, and then ' %ton and Peers both got through for Warrington. A e4Pital game ended in a win for Gorton by five goals to three.

Memorial Service. On Sunday evening a memorial service to the late William Jesse Jenks, 30, Factory-yard, Warrington, the youth who was killed a few days ago in a cab col- lision in Chester New-road, was held at Holy Trinity Mission, Factory-yard. There was a large congrega- tion. The service was conducted and an impressive address given from Matthew xxv. 21 1;•37 Mr. H. Taylor P.C.M. Special hymns were sung, including the. deceased's favourite, "Fight the good fight." Miss Amy Place presided at the organ.

A Smart 0 0 tf.A., 4 Summer Outfit • .4....., ~... . . `4L..,:ad. • MODEL 1882. 0 Consisting of Blousa •'' , . ~..., ' .....:,. id Skirt (as Sketch 1 ' 't. .. 0 bargain. The lonably-cut ,•,',....' tv is of good dur-, • „:"/". .. 411) a. Serge, Black or k - eNavy,orDressHolland; well made and beau tt- I , „A....,i.._, . fully trimmed with S,x ~j' ''' -9+ll-'0 , !.2 e BOWS of Braid. Ha Inverted Pie .t at ba-lt 9 and f. eitening at side. Sizes are 2,4.2,3. and .28 ,y. 84 4-:l.' •,.. in,wais.s. Th. 1131.1 c... ;'. '. - :‘,;••.."' :4. is one o! our new print- 4.4. k cd muslins a very :.,,,Jit,.,,, • ty pattern, and ' may be had in „r etti;er Ballot tNA t-. ky on v. tote t.r.. nud. . ,t..t, • m ,„_ 3:8, (Jesiro Irla.r.dt or :::,. v v or Holland S irt atui 'Haut CO colour you reek r for the Blouse. 'ill), Outfit 0 4.11-• would cost from le/ to 25 -at an ordinary atop. Onr g7ecial otter is CM and early aup.ic,ai ion ig 6 Al"0°13 Zni:Er HEWI'C RCr,3l." AI:01 l'lclei.tors".t Pre. 011) J 01-IN N 0 13.1,F 0 „... .., . e, 163 BrocA tk,kr , ~ ~, L .2. Tr:, , -,ri-,criop tb' St. Mills, .01,1 'AIN fL; ri 21. b 1 Ji:Jraip

rope, 11.4, G 01

I, i ,• -, -,,, s. A ",:., ~, c-r" - (AO ?..,4;N, •-:h ' *k., ~,1-,•,-.:6,_ ..1.,, <4, ',,,› *' -..- - eft? A ..... '`"------- ''''''"" r ta,i,l)ilie ;Lc 0 - • -----

Thk ever Lady this Faah Skirt

8*!

6111 11/ \ 0 -Zt4 '4 at ;IP kv tztr '230 454, ,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Naturally little Prinoe Edward of Wales greatly en- joyed himself at the children's garden party which was given at:Buckingham Palacelon Tuesday 23rd june,in cele- bration of his:ninth birthday.lt is usaalfamongst ordinary folks to give a birthday party upon such an occasion, but it is quite a new departure to have such a juvenile gathering at one of the Royal palaces. Their majesties however are always ready to show their kindness to little children, and it may be said that none have more indulgent granqparents than those of the Prince and Princess of Wales.

Dublin Castle , like Holyroed Palace, is scarcely fit for a Royal residence, and should the King verify rumour by establishing a permanent Royal residence in Ireland, the choice would be between two or three private estates, one of which would have to be purchase d by the country. In this respect Lismore Castle, th Duke of Devonshire's seat in Co. Waterford, is mentioned as being particularly suitable, as is also Muckross House Killarney, which belongs to Lord Ardilaun. It is however thought that Rockingham House in Ros- common, would have the best chance of being selected. The estate is one of the most extensive and beautiful

• in the country, situated about two or three miles from i i Boyle and it s hoped that the King and Queen will visit it, when their Majesties are in the West of

Ireland. The fact that Miss Hilda Hadson has secured at Cam- bridge a position equal to that of the Seventh Wrangler, serves to draw attention once again to the injustice Inflicted upon women by the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, which refuse their degrees to women. In this respect these institutions stand almost alone among the great universities of the world, and almost alone among those in the United Kingdom. The first English University to concede this measure of justice was that of London, which obtained a new charter for tke pur- pose in 1878. Durham followed in 1895, and jeall the new British universities women are admissible to the same privileges as men. In Scotland the degrees in arts, science, and medicine have been opened to women. It is not altogether without interest to note that in the same papers which announced the success of Miss Hud- son, it was reported that at Oxford the fees. were being raised in consequence of the needs of funds, and that at Cambridge there was a shrinkage of college incomes. Women, at any rate, can scarcely be expected to bequeath money to Oxford and Cambridge while the present system is maintained, and it need scarcely be a matter for wonder if men who sympathise with women on this subject, should bestow their money elsewhere. The "Clearance sales" are already beginning,and they will this year present exceptional opportunities for making good purchases which visitors to Londonwould do well to take advantage of. In a good season the large emporiums readily dispose of their .stocks, and

wlren the "sales "come" on, alarge quantity)of the 'goods

offered are cheap lines esPecialli piovidel .for the pur- pose, and the "Greatly reduced " prices really represent their full value. But this year owing to the disastrous weather, the summer trade has greatly fallen off, and consequently the large establishments are left with quantities of genuine gods, which will have to be offered at cost price or less during 'July. There will thus be many opportunities for making profitable pur- chases such as Ewill delight the heart of the average . . .

bargain hunter. The drapers depend upon the weather almost as much as the farmers do for a good or badlseason. The latter have an old saying that a dripping June brings all into tune," but it may be doubted whether this sanctions such a midsummer winter as we have been having, and it may safely be said there is nothing so urgently needed by all classes as a fine July. The London shopkeepers still hope much from a spell of real summer weather, and also from the influx of French and American visitors, as well as those from the provinces. Prepara- tions are being enthusiastically and energetically pro- ceeded with in order that the French President may receive a cordial welcome on his visit to London, audit is anticipated that many private citizens will undertake the journey from Paris to London on this occasion. In these circumstances there is reason to hope that the President's visit following upon that of the King to Paris, may not be without abiding effect. One result of the Kin's visit to Paris was the large influx of visitors from Britain, and there will no doubt be many whp will spend their holidays in Franco as a consequence of the restoration of good feeling between the two nations. It is scarcely likely that the Parisian hotel proprietors and shopkeepers sympathised with the displays of hostility to Britain which appeared in French newspapers of the baser sort, for it is they who suffered the most from these outrages, and they must be very glad to learn from the practical evidence of their receipts that there is a resumption of friendly relations between the two peoples. Black and white was much in evidence at Ascot, and will.be quite the most fashionable combination for the remainder of the season. All • the newest clear white muslin gowns are touched with black, and the same may be said of all light colours, verging on white. Black too, is much worn. Black glace is being donned freely, also black voile, and sleek black cloth. Wraps,intended to be worn or dainty toilettes, are taking the form of three quarter sac coats, with big sleeves, fine cream blanketing being the fabric selected for the more dressy ones. These are touched about the collar and high oavaliqr cuffs with embroideries, which give the idea of soft old tapestry.

Strings appear on much of the headgear of the hour, and are usually of tulle or chiffon. To a quite young face they are quite becoming, affording to it a delightful framework, but the woman past her first youth should avoid strings of any kind, as in her case they distinctly push o'er the hand of time. Decided sweeps and curves are a feature of the newest hats and toques, and these are certainly a relief to the stiff outlines that have been so long with us. Moreover they are decidedly more be- coming to the majority of women. The deep swathed silk belt has quite taken the place of the narrow shaped band, so modish in the days of the pouch, aged the home dressmaker will find the task of building these deep belts a somewhat difficult one, as they need considerable skill, if the effect is to be allone could desire. It must be remembered too that it is not everyone who can wear a high belt to advantage. Such women should modify the idea, or remain faithful to the narrow belt dipping down in front, which is becom- ing t o almost everyone. Barley water is invariably associated with invalids, but as a matter of fact it makes an excellent beverage, for summer use. ft is refreshing, healthy, and sustain- ing.' First wash the barley thoroughly and throw the water away. The first water poured over and brought to a boil should also be thrown away. Then add to two ounces of pearl barley three pints of cold water bring it gently to the boil, let it simmer for two hours, strain, and add lemon juice and sugar to taste.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday June 26, 1903.

FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

Very many and varied are the different types of millinery one sees on every side, and indeed it is not saying too much that every woman can, if so she chooses, have her hats of her own original design, provided they are becoming for fashion. This season, exceed- ingly liberal minded, lays down no hard and fast rules in regard to what must or must not be worn. In one point, however, all hats are alike, namely, in regard to the flat plate-like crown, which, in some instances, is carried to such an extreme as to make one pause to wonder how the wearers of these exceedingly flat hats manage to keep them on their )heads at all, • for the loose strings, which conie from the back, are plainly designed for ornament and not for use. Most of the very flat- crowned hats are curved down over the face, sweeping upwards at the sides on to the back where there is again another depression over the hair, which is generally softened by a knot of lace or ribbon hanging down the back or a cluster of fruit or flowers. Among some of the most fashionable straws worthy of mention is glace chip, a straw .that is particularly light and wears well, which in burnt Tuscan makes

ily,c7 i I,)d )Al _..._,-,,,EANi.,%,.•4&.9))) --1} _,—, ;.,:.--•%,,,, -,.:*9P— 40'49/ 1, 11, .....1-..- 1 . Pd• - --, _ A' . '' ''''" ; .e . • - ' 2 - • , ~.- - • ('g ' 1 -1.!, -7-x ,-": - ' \\44 •lb:' i: • ifr / --,{„",-,% - --.4. • \\, ,0.d./ 4' , ,i -' \\ , • • . \ \\ _

~ -.•

• \ \ \ •••

===== 0002601_19030626_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
A LOVELY HAT 4

up beautifully. There is sure, in the usual order of things, to be a revolution in favour of high crOWns, for when once a fashion has be- come universally adopted it is a positive sign that it is already de mode for the votarie* of fashion soon weary of extremes of any kind. • The lovely hat eketched is of fine white chip, curving most beautifully from the front up to the left side and trimmed with sweeping ostrich feathers, soft draperies of fine lace, and some blush pink roses. It is one of the most perfect picture hats for summer wear one could imagine and is altogether worthy of admiration and imitation.

Picture hats are in great demand this season for wear with the exquisite muslin and dainty toilette of diaphanous materials. Some of these hats made of tucked ,chiffon and tulle are particularly pretty. These are to be seen in white or the palest shades of grey, blue, pink, or ivory, trimmed with just an aigrette or one long white ostrich feather held in place by a pearl cabuchon. Floral toques are also much worn, and are generally of the turban shape, worn well tilted over the face. Pale

~ , e r lilt ( I" . I. . . )1 ll* . I 1 le 11 k.. ,

A PRETTY BLOUSE:

colours are the most popular for these hats, and the smaller flowers such as hyacinths, fofget-me-nots, lilacs, and tiny rosebuds,. but in contradiction to these one occasionally sees a toque of scarlet geraniums which looks ex- ceedingly smart for those who can wear it. Blouses are very much in evidence and are prettier than ever. Among the most popular is the so-called handkerchief blouse as shown in the illustration. One can buy these charm- ing spotted or flowered cambrics or muslins with a coloured border from about a shilling a yard and very easily make -up a blouse of this style at home, when a better fit is always en- sured. When blouses were first introduced little attention was given to the fit, but now-a- days it is a matter of supreme importance that the back and sides should lie as smoothly to the figure as possible without being tight while the fulness in front is carefully draped and does not fall in meaningless folds. For morning or country wear , there is nothing nicer than a simple blouse of this kind, and it is particu- larly becoming to very slender figures. There is quite a craze at present for embroidered

. . ' A-.... .\- -T-- ~, ,--, P'. . / a , - V.V 4 , \‘• \\ - . '4, , I

A SUMMER TOILETTE.

blouses, and the favourite design for this style of work consists of grapes and vine leaves worked in a raised satin stitch which is a very graceful and becoming pattern and can be • adapted to almost any form of trimming. • Nearly all the embroideries -for blouses are in some flower or leaf pattern, for conventional scroll work takes quite a second place to sprays of fruit or flowers copied from Nature. Linen of a coarse make is much in vogue for blouses trimmed with lace of a coarse make such as guipure or a linen thread lace of fairly large pattern and bold design. The muslin slips are very much the same as those for last summer with insertions of lace and a great deal of open VIP rk and herring-boning, while some are rendered very smart •by small shoulder capes of embroidery or open work. The toilette sketched is of fine pink silk trimmed with medallions of cream lace with numerous gaugings on skirt and bodice and is a lovely frock to look at or wear. Some of the smartest gowns this year might be termed quite simple, for they'consist of very full skirts considerably gauged together with a full bodice drawn down under a deep folded belt, with a square or pointed yoke pf lace or embroidery and elbow sleeves finished by lace ruffles. Elbow sleeves are much worn finished gener- ally by a turned-back brocade gauntlet at the • elbow, from whence the . lace ruffle falls. Otherwise the majority of sleeves fit the upper part of the arm closely and are gauged or tucked while from below the turn of the tlhow fall into voluminous poufs. COQUEITI3I

'if,

r I I

/p f4l\\

\\k

V

/,

===== 0002601_19030626_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. MOSELY AND HIS COMMISSIONERS.

[By Ma. H. Wllinum]. ' On at least two occasions the "Examiner "has editorally, drawn the attention of its readers to the patriotic and very laudable work of Mr. Alfred Mosely in arranging for and paying the expenses of a body of Commissioners representing workmens' organizations in five-sixths of Great Britain's in- dustries. I believe it is also true that Mr. Mosely, with the same liberal spirit, arranged to defray the expenses of a commission of experts whose object is to inquire into the educational systems of the United States. Mr. Mosely's attitude in this, proves that he fully understands the relationship that must exist between the school and the mill if success fs to be attained, and if England is to wake up to any purpose. I have just read Mr. Cox's address to his Warrington friends on " America's progress in the steel trade," • and I scarcely feel satisfied with it. I hope Mr. Alderman Monks's suggestion will be kept in mind, that the reports be reprinted, and I may add, that I be made the recipient of a copy. ' That the old countries have something to learn from the stalwart youngster is very evident. Ger- many thinks she had better wake up also, and now sends over to the States some thirty odd farmers who may possibly have the late Lord Derby's saying in mind, viz., "That he who makes two blades of grass grow where only one grew previously is a benefactor to his race." In reading over the speeches delivered at this interesting meeting of iron-workers, Mr. Alderman Monks's speech made me do a bit of looking backward He said: "What they had to do was to establish closer and more friendly relations between the work- men and the employers." I was pleased to read this because I see in the idea embodied in the sentence the only way to avoid the industrial difficulties into which we are all surely drifting. In looking back- ward I remembered reading a pamphlet written by Mr. :F.l Monks and published in 1901 in which the author says :—" If I am not greatly, mistaken in my observation of the methods now being adopted by the new Unionism to enforce the demands of labour, they are not only destructive of the true liberty and free- dom ;of action which has won for British labour its prominent position as the most highly paid in the world, but they will lead to combinations of capitalists in self defence and for mutual protection." In looking around for a way out of an Industrial difficulty I think it is always best to recognize, if you can, the influences that are at work in the minds of men of character and action. Here we have three men to deal with, the first of whom, Mr. Moseiy, thinks it wise to send over to the States a group of men whose object in coming ' to the States shall be to see and to learn for themselves the how and the why of the American Industrial suc- cesses the world over. True; he is also sending the pedagogue, and may, unless Mr. Chamberlain forestalls him with his" Inter-empire protection scheme " send a few Tory farmers over also, but why not send over a select number of financial magnates to find out the I reason of the shifting of the world's financial centre from:London to New York? Mr. Mosely's idea, be- hind the action, seems to be to enable the British workmen to see, in a few hours, how the American workmen can " rush "the job. Why not have taken the more economical path leading to Old Trafford and have introduced the commissioners to Mr. J. C. Stewart who has given an object lesson in showing how the" English labouring men can be trained to speed if he is managed properly." Mr. Steward claims to be an" adept" in "hustling" and "hustling" being a real genuine American product it shall have a little more notice further on. Now let us see where Mr. Alderman Monks stands in the argument. In the States the" Hustler" and the "Hustled," as a matter of fact, occupy the posi- tion of the proverbial lion and the , lamb, with the „result that the lamb soon 'becomes a vanishing I quantity. The worthy Alderman would alter all this I and I heartily wish him success in this altruistic idea but, and lam afraid this is a big " but," and ought to have a capital B, what will he do if the exigencies of competition compel him to" combine with his fellow capitalists in self-defence and for mutual protection" as Mr. F. Monks suggests? In all truth, 1 assert, and I know of what I speak, herein lies the whole secret of the matter. The English employer has, like his em- ployee grown up in,and been surrounded by conditions out of which he never dreamed of struggling. The competition has, until recent years,been with the man in the next street, now it is with he whole of the industrial world, which means t .ay the United States and Germany, and will 1, - aorrow mean the American Continent, Asia, and the ...fth quarter a the world. We all know what it me:,3 when a man starts out to attain an object. He taruggles, he hustles. When a score of men are after the same object, the struggle is keener ; and another word, competition, comes into play. The nation has now taken the place of the individual, and, by hook or crook, the Govern- ment must do something for the governed, or starva- tion clubs may increase in number, and that way lies social anarchy. If the strenuous life here outlined is the price we must pay for an existence, the sweetness and light of the life of which Matthew Arnold wrote are still in the dim and distant future. It may be that when Mr. Alderman Monks urged "more friendly relations between the workmen and the employees" that trite though misleading phrase that "the interest of the employer and the employees were alike," was in his mind. Now, really, what is the absolute truth of the position? Is it not true that the average workinan is after the most money for the least work in return, and the employer is wanting to get the most he can out of a men for the least he may pay as wages? If this is the outcome of the competi- tive system, what about the friendly reltions around the green baize of the mahogany? If any of my readers object to my presentation of the case, let them read the following quotation from a San Francisco paper "The contractors want to make all the money they can. When the unions forced them into recog- nition of certain hours of labour as constituting a day's work, THAT was looked upon as a dishonest practice. It was felt in the old days that a work- man should be only too glad to get out of bed at daybreak and work until dark. Now, even the stupidest and most selfish have come to recognize limited hours as a feature of American industry. And the enlightened glad:y admit that the well-paid, well-rested, independent worlier usually does more in, his eight or nine hours than he used to do in his twelve or fourteen. After the inauguration of the limited hour day the contractors invented what is known as a "rusher." The " rusher " is a young workman, in his prime and marvellously quick in his work as compared with the ordinary good, capable workman. On a job of bricklaying, carpentering or other work it was customary for the shrewd contractor to hire one or more rushers." Nominally t the "rusher" was paid regular union wages. But secretly the contractor paid him double wages, or even more than double wages. The " rusher " worked at high pressure hour after hour, day after day. The others could not possibly have kept up with him had he worked his fastest. But his instructions were to keep just a littleahead,that the others might struggle and do their best to keep even in their task, in order not to lose their work for apparent idleness. Thus the "rusher," a man of unusual skill, getting double *ages, went along well within his forces, while the, others were working themselves to death in order to keep up and not lose their jobs. The limitation of the day's output is based originally on the desire to squelch this "rusher" idea, or to put the quietus on the' very young and able workman, anxious to curry favor with his "boss" by making the pace too hot for the men working beside him. I thought of this quotation coming into my story a little later on when I deal with the state of things in. America but it seems to fit the "friendly relationship" point, aind says squarely to the Optimistic Altruist, No, We are not friendly, and our interests are not the same, therefore we prefer Mr. F. Monks's position, and accept his challenge. Employers combine to I protect your interests. Of course we cannot preveiff [ you, and do nothing to hinder your employees from I combining ta protect their interest. Now the fight is Imilaving tried my utmost to get behind the spoken , words I feel that some apology may be due and I as I gracefully as possible leave the person to deal further with principle. Mr. Alderman Monks and I have been intimately acquainted for a long number of years,weboth know something of Trade Unionism, and I am sure he

a hnd his will excuse the liberty I have taken with the v onoured name of Monks. I must now follow with arious deviations the fortunes of Mr. Mosely and his friends, as the serial story has it "to be continued." Guerriro-street, San Francisco.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
PILES AND INDIGESTION

CURED.

Do not neglect PILBS, Fistulatmay follow. KBUTY'S CURB is tbe only safe and effectual temedy for Inward, out- ward. and bleeding Plies or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood. and causes th,m to diseppear like magic. It is a poi live cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indiges- tion. One bottle will convince you, price Is. lid. Soldby BOOTS and all Chemists.

Poet paid.fromiKEUTYZAND:CO., HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church

On Sunday last Mr. Sage, from Widnes occupied thk pulpit in the morning, and Mr. Owens in the evening, when the choir rendered with excellent taste Mozart's Molett No 1, "0 God when Thou appearest," Mr. Spruce ably conducting and Mr. Fred Podmore supply ing the organ accompaniments.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Baptist Church, Golborne-street.

Mr. Edward Jones, of Warrington, conducted the morning service at this Church on Sunday. In the even- ing the preacher was Councilor James Evans, who based his remarks upon the words: "The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want."

===== 0002601_19030626_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.

On Sunday the choir sermons were preached at this church, the Rev. D. R. James, curate, occupying the pulpit in the morning. At the evening service theßev. G. B. Thurston, rector of Lymm, was the preacher and spoke upon the helpfulness of the choir in connection with the musical services of the church. It was, ha said, the duty of the choir, whose white surplices de- noted purity, to set an example to the congregation, and it was the duty of the latter to heartily join with them in singing to the praise and glory of God. The collection amounted to .24 Bs. Bd. Mr. P. Edgar pre- sided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Woolstencroft—Hewitt.

The marriage was solemnized at the Parish church, on Thursday last week, of Mr. Charles Woolstencroft, Orford Street, son of the late Mr. C. P. Woolstencroft who carried on business as a bookbinder for many years in King-street and whose widow was recently licensee of the Griffin "hotel, and Miss Ada Hewitt, Willis street, daughter of the late Mr. William Hewitt. The bridegroom is employed in the clerical department at Messrs. Rylands Bros, works, and for some years the bride has been identified with St. Clement's mission, being a member of the choir and a Sunday school teacher. The service, which was fully choral, was conducted by the Rev. A. S.Cameron,and the choir from St. Clement's was in attendance, appropriate hymns being sung. A large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony. The bride who was given away by her brother-in-law, Mr. F. J. bride, wore a pretty dress of white muslin trimmed with silk, and a white chiffon hat trimmed with silk. She carried a beautiful bouquet of orchids and carnations, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids—Miss Rachfel Saundersand Miss Nellie Howard—were tastefully attired in cream delaine dresses 'with green spray, and large black picture hats. Their bouquets were composed of marguerites. Mr. James Monks, brother-in-law of the bride, discharged the duties of best man. Mr. Smith, the organist at St. Clement's Mission, presided at the organ and played appropriate selections including Mendelssohn's "Wedding March." As the wedding party left the church the bells rang out a merry peal. Later in the day Mr.fand Mrs. Woolstencroft departed for Blackpool where the honeymoon will be spent. They were the recipients of numerous presents, those to the bride including a handsome silver tea-pot from the choir and Sunday school teachers at St. Clement's Mission.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Musical Successes.

At the recent examination held 15th and 16th in connection with the Victoria College of Music, London, Liverpool Centre, the following pupils of Misa Annie Hill, A V.C.M. London, 6, Napier-street, passed very successfully. Names and grades as follows:—Associate, Miss Jane Smith, Walton. 'This will entitle her to affix to her name the letters A.V.C.M., and also to wear the cap and gown of the College. Senior grade, Robert Bentley Bennion, Warrington; Intermediate, Pere?' Moores, Warrington; Junior, Mary Ann Hewitt; Primary, Lily Frith, Dutton; Joseph Bennion, Warrington. The Polyglot Society.

The members of this Society held their annual second excursion on Saturday. The weather was very favourable and about 20 members and friends travelled by cycle and train to Northwich. Thanks to the influence of Dr. Markel, the party was enabled to spend a thoroughly enjoyable afternoon in a visit to the Salt Union Company's extensive mine at Baron's 'Quay. Having safely accomplished the descent of 300 feet, the party made a tour of exploration, under the surveillance of the subterranean manager, who explained the various operations which were viewed. The mine, lighted by candles and variegated lamps, presented a truly pretty sight, and it was with a feel- ing of regret that the cars were re-entered and the ascent of the shafts made. After tea some of the large salt pans of the vicinity were inspected, many instructive and interesting details relative to the manufacture being supplied by Dr. Markel, who will at a prospective evening cycle run, give an address in German on salt and its formation. After an examina- tion of the Anderton lift,used for transferring shipping from the Bridgewater Canal to the river Weaver, the return journey was made via Marbury and Great Budworth. •

BOW IS IT THAT "CLAIMS'S BLOOD MIXTURS has obtained such great popularity "is a question which has perplexed many. The answer is. that it is unquestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill has brought to light. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by It. For Scrofula. Scurvy, Eczema. Skin. and Blood Diseases. Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle beware of wort/Anse imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 2.

OLARKB'S P 41 PILLS are warranted to Imre, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Bstablisbed upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. ed. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through., out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and, Midland Counties Drugeompany. Lincoln.—

FLonriaxx i—ror nix urzyn Ann Bruswen.— Thorongby cleanses the teeth how, all parasites or impuritres. larder) the gums, previ.ots tartar, stops decay. .and gives is the Leath a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per lar for the Plorlllni "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumer..- 4(lst

VALuAziac DisCOTZBY 1,011 TBK tfAul,-11 your hair Ii turning grey or white or falling off Me the Mmaaas RA Ils BEnswick, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour, It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wed as promoting the giowtb. Price Zts 6d per bottle.— d rt.

To Idonsticas.—Mrs. Wine low's Soothing'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the roorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oniet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain and the littie übernb awakes "as fright as a button." Of all Chemists Is led per bottle. -Advt.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS

Arejustly celebrated all over t'4e wont as the most safe and epee dy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder. Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise so'ely from comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words. " WALTB% DB ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post tree from Praprietor Holtord House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE STORIES ILLUSTRATED.

A LITTLE DAUGHTER. AHAPPY CHILDHOOD is the most precious iewel with which Parents can endow their :hildren. It is the brightest Gem in all the Casket of the Years—and the memory of it clings with the sweet suggestiveness of an old time fragrance. MODERN PARENTS recognise that a happy childhood is the natural sequel to a HEALTHY CHILDHOOD, and the OBSERVANT MOTHER has learned that a too close application to some, as yet, difficult task, the little disappointments, or the bodily fatigue arising from an over- indulged pastime, frequently provoke an alarm- ing disturbance in a child 's nervous temperament. The LITTLE SUFFERERS arouse every instinct of sympathy within us, and whether their distress proceeds from some Obscure Physical Disability which insidiously under- mines the nervous system, or from the peevish langour of convalescence, the anxious parents can in most cases dispel the disquieting syrup.. toms with a dose of Phosferine as swiftly and effectively as in the instances recorded in the notable communication which follows: Mrs. B. E. SHARPE, Church St., St. Alban's, writes testifying to the merits of your Phosferine. My little girl, 7 years old, had to undergo one or two operations in a London Hospital for growths at the back of nose and throat, which left her extremely weak and nervous, to cure which I tried many advertised remedies, but with no good result, until I decided to try Phosferine as a last resource, when I am thankful to say she soon recovered her health and appetite, the latter being better than ever before. With regard to my other little girl she had peritonitis and pneumonia very badly, when, of course, I had to call in medical aid, but she was very poorly, weak and irritable long after she had recovered from these complaints until I be-thought me of Phosferine, when I got a large bottle and put it in lemonade; she was soon her plump, jolly little self again. That was two years ago this month, ever since, at the least complaint of pain in the stomach or failimar appetite I fly to your excellent remedy which I have recommended to dozens."—Feb. isth, zgoa FELINE

;..c* r/..,•, 'lttiOt i )-•-,..., -/ .• c, -.% :' -1-'a 1 '\ --, '1.k.,,Vit.i•e,..,.,-;:. Ifl t ~ Le .74.4;.4,..„„,,, 1 ~ .. ~ ~ ,Il 0// I -...• i V,!;.• !•_fri//k,,t'l, A, ''..,- ' 4k.,.. ~,,. ~,, ‘t ,ii , , ' ~,. iii /,''' , ...; ;// e.- •;,,,;, „,/ 4, ,>,..1 ;'' I 7 / 'i • / 1 rf N •-Vi / '; ...., . ' /./ " i 41 • “I_have very real pleasure in testifv;-

===== 0002601_19030626_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREATEST OF ALL TONICS..

An unfailing remedy for Neuralgia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Exhaustion, Anwmia, Brain-fag, Dtpression,lmpoverished Blood,Rheumatism, Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Influenza, Nervous Headaches, Debility, & all disorders consequent upon a reduced state of the nervous system. Phosferine has been supplied by

ROYAL COMMANDS

To the Royal Family.

H.I.M. the Empress of Russia. H.M. the King of Greece. H.M. the Queen of Roumania.

H.I.M. the Dowager Empress of R.._ H.R.H. the Crown Princess of Ro,,mania. H.R.H. the Grand Duchess of Hesse, &c. &c. lon Rd , London, E.C. Bottles, Ifq, 2/9& 46. Post fret 'he u'o size contains nearly four times the ix size.

Proprietors :—Ashton & Parsons, 14., 57, Farrinp 1/3. 31- & 4'9. Sold by all C:lemists, Stores. &c. '

A Beautiful Figure tarrmeoddlfoTr" Pc1,21: etzteeg, cod.. ien; •constructed to give strong support and improve- nd Improved Health Itent to thltfirgi. Ladi aud aeswwayhour thisenve; mot factored. PATENT B. SIDE-SPRING CORSET

Btautgul in Construction. UK, mailed in Style. eructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the .tnents of the body, and the side supporta are A Kama. Modelled in different shapes to suit oTel' of figures. they yield a most gracetulond rounded appearance. Prices, 3/115 to 10/6.

..ble from the principal Drapers and Dube** Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write name of neared Agent. 2nssa on hewing eke .T. E. sid,spr,n9 corug—TM -,RTAINT.—The wear of every LB. Corset la absolutely guaranteed by the— Sole Manufacturer J. S. BLAIR, Great Anooats Street, Manchester.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

"F GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM! 1

130, Holmley-Lerrace, Dronfield, Nr. October 23rd. 1932

:Your truly, JAMBS BROWBS. EADE'S GOUT:PILLS

H

Dear am sending you nay testlawnial for your Pills I think Ebel, are the finest things in the world, and hare received great bet.efit (rem taking toem. I have also rec )(a- mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary. and will recommend them whenever f can. I have tried several others. bat have not found any to equal. yellit.

Are p!rfectly safe in thl(r action, elimil‘t,a all iaj at.' 11 matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. 1. and 21. 93.„ or seat post free for stamps or P.O. by the Propriet )1. GEOROB 1311311, 232, Goswell-road, London, EUMATIC PILL S.

' XZ • aC1.3....

- misim ' toovdei-r- --" ' yr 4 Yariouj t Obtainal IMPO'

NZ, 3 ussia.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

Do you receive th n"se

They are about your health. When your health goes the least bit wrong, a wireless message is sent to your brain. It says something like this.

"You are not quite well—take a dose or

at once and it will put you right."

Do you attend to these messages when you receive them? You should do so—BEECHAM'S PILLS often prevent a serious illness, and sO

prove themselves "Worth a Guinea a Box,"

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trule. Regilling a Speciality. Lugest Steals o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTHEN BOOK. Sew Elision. thoroughly revisel and eularge4 to 160 pages. JUST PUBLISHED. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass.Slock lists free on application. H. MORELL. 17 arid 18, GREAT ST. ANOREN STREET, BLOO4SBUIY, LONDON, W.C. -

. _ Warehouses : 11. 12tand 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street.; Telegraphic Address : —l* Rabbitry. London."

• , `.1".• • t,,,AL . - , ?.?,` *•7l:t.f • • ht. $ '44Z . • t. . ' . ,r•-• '' "0' •,. r , . •A.• • • ' • fit. : • 4.** •

===== 0002601_19030626_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Wireless Messages?

KEATI NC' Pow

TINS 3d.6d. is-BELLOWS 94

• DER AP'p, . . • PW' ' .•'..,. KI LS, - ---- -Th'-- 4,,,,,- • , .1-:, -.. ... -.L__ - -7.- ..... " . \ ........--,. -..,,,,.:---,. - .. , ~ .).,,,, ..., , .... , .. -,%-1iz,16'...., ...p.,,,,A4...,.:::. ,--..,- ~.,.„..,-,..: -;,-,-,7 F-, ,1, -,,,,,we.„0„:. . , w,, • EA& BUGS- ft I i VS' :ETIES4f,-. )_

===== 0002601_19030626_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
"&

.-TOW.LE...S',.

JaR

C//EM/575.1N BOXES .05....2/9k . ;WHERE ON RECEIPT 0175.140R54 STAMPS BY EITOWLE 66.1011 C ROW NOTTING/lAN

111 Wonder* ul woter prouier tor ~. *BOOTS & HARNESS. sof_ tens and preserves the leather :Ir Pleasant odour allow polizh. . a? ' r . lag with blacking. COL! YE DAL BXHIBITIOs HIQH BST AWAtiDS. tit4l: il bb. Tins 2d., 6d., XI. 67.216 o; Boot -es- Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoneers U frac. Mann/actor), East Duhach, London.

Ir ~ - - - 1- ° 4"5"X .5g TV Y r

Fit" 15, pILLS:E • i ! !

===== 0002601_19030626_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
, . i I , .-). i il, '!l:'''' 1, & 4, ' r,' . 1 ~ 1'; ..,,, i. . - ~ .

.rt .1i 1 1t..., •i . , '(' ~.,

TO,

1 T. k( i. 1 4- -;„ .1)

; . t ',. . I; rt,"C ' 1. . _•.4, ,t t , ... ' 1 i :'..) ; i..'; : '. , . ' ..-. • •' . : ~,I, r'... k'N', '• ‘. I - . ,t.,, , . ; f•.i 1., ~, I, ~i,:i iit, :, ~., ' '!",c,,i'; ; 1,,, ~4„ t ~... ~i i..., , !,,.,,s; ~,...,,

;Tit' „It

===== 0002601_19030626_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

===== 0002601_19030626_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,#1

II

===== 0002601_19030626_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1':

===== 0002601_19030626_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • `P it'

===== 0002601_19030626_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:w,••

===== 0002601_19030626_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r ,

' . .. • •

===== 0002601_19030626_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19030626_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, I .

===== 0002601_19030626_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
[r. A

i•J

1

t t

•

'4 Tull 1-4 , ;1 ,f 14" `i

v-

'.;`,;,. ',i i 1 ; ' HI '4;

t, t, *.i'tc, It ~ T 1- i ; ,- !, ti

,t 4

1- 'k It', : ~' t 'HI ' •i /, ' q 1(1,1 t.

• !..1;

i!" •

, ..1, ~, ~, t, .:. k,-I'''' ' $#.4.-lif ~,,Al',.*, I 0 !V , 1 •i I -',i ] ..t-2. '.",,t.t' II '4l t li 4. 4 , , ' if: ' 4 ' t, 1 ; 'fi!, '..., 41 , t ik i !`‘, '', 1..., t 4,,,..t. ',"4 //,,,` ' 1 ' ;? , 1 . 1 i ':,-,- i, I.' . t t ::, ft:. ..,, 4:i 4 ..,. 4 . ' '-.: ..,,,, ' .

===== 0002601_19030626_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday. - - - -

Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. -

IVe cannot under ordinary cir cumstancesundertake return thenuinuscripts which are not used.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
Summer Holidays for Poor Children.

Sir,—With reference to the letter of Mr. Arthur 11. Lee in your issue of the 13th mat, I may as well frankly admit that I am cheerfully co-operating with that gentleman in the endeavour to bring about a success- ful result of his efforts to help poor children to get a summer holiday. I -am sure that it is unnecessary for sue to say anything to commend this object to your readers. I have suggested to Mr. Lee the desirability that we should at once take steps to organise (with a view to its permanent maintenance) a summer camp for the children, a Warrington camp, not dependent in any way on any other town or city for assistance. In the past this assistance has beenextended to Warrington children. But there are difficulties in the way, and we cannot depend on this assistance just at the time when it is most needed. So we must try to help ourselves. lam of opinion that there are enough kindly-hearted citizens in our own community, who, if appealed to, would furnish ample funds to effect what is desired. Mr. Lee falls in with my suggestion, andwe shall work with what we trust you will regard as a right aim: The establishment of our own summer camp. There is every reason for thinking that the Education Authority in Warrington sympathizes ,with, and will encourage the enterprise. In another column is an advertisement of a meeting to be held at the Town Hall on Tuesday next at 5 o'clock in the afternoon for the purpose of' formulating the machinery i for carrying out the purpose n view. In the meantime if there are any kindly 'disposed folks who are anxious to furnish the armoury with the neces- sary weapons of war, it itould strengthen the hands, and brighten the hearts of those who are warmly interested in the success of the venture, if they expressed their appreciation of the efforts being made, by at once for- warding cheques, bank notes, or cash in any form what- ever • however big, or however small the amount it will be thankfully acknowledged. There is no time to lost. Would those who wish to render practical assist- ance in the work kindlyattend the meeting ?—Yours,&c.' W. H. f. JENKINS.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Music in the Park.

your last week's issue,l noticed a lettersigned "Onward," giving the Bands' Association advice, as to the class of music the bands should play in the park. Evidently" Onward," in the past, has not been n the habit of taking much interest in the programmes ren- dered, or lfe would have known that the class of music he asks for has often been played. The particular piece he mentions, the "Amen Chorus ", was played more than twenty years ago, and' the last time I heard it it was played by Fletcher's Band under Mr. Waterfleld, when they also gave a rendering of" Worthy is the Lamb." I may say that for a few years back, the bands have fought shy of the" Messiah," for nearly every church and ohapel in the town has worn it thread-bare, and grand as the oratorio is, one gets tired of repetition Again, many of the parts cannot be effectively rendered by a brass band. For instance, no combination of instru- ments, with the exception of strings, can give adequate effect to the " Pastoral Symphony." With regard to the Volunteer Band and their music, I can speak with authority, and it may be news to" Onward" that this band alone has played in the park upwards of twenty numbers from the Messiah," twelve from "Elijah," including "Oh Baal hear us," seven from "St. Paul," including that difficult chorus "0 great is the depth ;" selections from Beethovens' "Mass in C,";Haydn's Ist Mass; "Samson '-" "Creation" Mozarts 12th Mass; Kaliwooda's Mass ; "Judas Macca- bmus "; "Moses in Egypt ;"Weber's Mass in A; besides sacred solos, anthems, and selections from Sankey and lVfoody's hymns. I leave your readers to judge if that is not a fairly good selection for one band. "Onward" should remember the Bands' Association is trusted by the Parks Committee to cater for the general public,and not for individuals, and, from the programmes I have heard this year the bandmasters have done their work most admirably. I think it would be better if "Onward" and others, who have complaints to make, would lodge them with our indefatigable secretary, Mr. Wadsworth, or myself, and, if reasonable, depend upon it we will bring them before the committee. I have heard all the bands play this season,and have been much pleased with their general improvement and the splendid class of music they have played. What your correspondent means by "Bazaar Music," I am at a loss to know; if he meanssecular music, I cannot agree with his views, for to me, all music when well rendered is sacred. What could have been more pleasing or elevating than "Beloved Star "in "A Casket of Gems," as played by Crosfield's band last Sunday? I feel sure the great majority of the audience would get more pleasure from it, than from "We never will bow down," though personally, T thoroughly enjoyed the latter quite as well.

• In conclusion, allow me to hint that "Onward" might rather encourage than discourage the bands in their efforts. He should remember that it is largely a "labour of love" with them, for what,they receive from the Corporation does little but pay for the music for each programme, and many of the bands have other ex- penses e.g., rent of practice room, tuition Stc. Some have got up entertainments during the winter to raise funds, but the result has been most discouraging, for

instead of profit, the usual outcome was lO'ss of many pounds, and yet the critical public would flock in their thousands to be taken in by Yankee cuteness and .advertisement.—Yours &c., THOMAS ARMSTRONG. (Chairman, Bands' Association Committee).

===== 0002601_19030626_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
What is a Bad Trade Unionist?

Sir,—Kindly allow us space to reply to the letter, and free advertisement (!) " signed " Edward Smith which appeared in your last week's issue. We have followed the example of other societies, and have made this ques- tion of an advance in price a Trade question; besides a Society question. When Trade Unionists agitate for an advance in wages, they always try to get the non- union men to go with them. If there application for a price is refused and they come out on strike, they bring out the non-union men and pay them strike pay out of the funds, the property of the Union. Any novice in Trade Union affairs knows this is a well established method of conducting a strike. Now it. was manifestly to our advantage to get all the hairdressers to act to- gether. Those who promised to act with us were sup- plied with our notices. Mr. Smith objects to this. Well ! if we are wrong all the Trade Unions are wiong also for there is no difference in principle between giving printed notices to non-members in our trade and other unions giving strike pay to non-unionists. We are prepared to let your Trade ilUnion readers judge. We wish also to ask of what avail is all Mr. Smith's boasting of his union secretarial work, when at the test- ing time he has failed us. There are others who have done good work for the Society,and who have not proved wrong.. _ _ _

We-give a few reasons why we consider Mr. Smith a bad Trade unionist. At the first meeting called on this question, he threatened to resign and "chuck out" of the Society if we persisted in the matter, this not- withstanding that he and another were the only two who opposed it. Trade Unions should be governed de- mocratically, the majority should rule. Yet here we have two who wanted to" boss the show " irrespective of the desires of their fellow members. Is this good Trade Unionism? Among the reasons he gave for his opposition were these" he couldn't get the increased price "—although by the way he is boasting now he is getting it. We pointed out that others in similar localities to his' were prepared to advance, and as a matter of fact they are getting the advanced price now. Then he said he was afraid of loss. We answered that we couldn't see how he could lose, but when we promised to guarantee him against loss he contemptu- ously refused. We asked him to conduct his business mhis own way, but make a minimum price of lid. But no! he said he would get it where he could. This is a principle that will break down any trade union, a man who wants to be on both sides of the fence. Every effort we made to bring him to a reasonable state of mind was treated with scornful contempt. Worse than this he carried his bitter opposition to an effort in at least one case to influence one of the members to break away. But he failed. And in this effort to break down the movement:he has made statements about some of our members in such a way as to cause very erroneous impressions. A canvass of the whole of the trade was made and wc.) had an overwhelming majority with its, and Mr. Smith knows it—notwithstanding his figures of attendance at our meetings. But this was of no avail with him,and we say he has bitterly and stupidly opposed us from the beginning. Now we will let your readers judge whether the com- ment made at the Trade. Council—that he was a bad Trade Unionist—ls TA true and justified. Let us say that Mr. Smith is not the only hairdresser in Warrington who knows how to con- duct his business properly, nor has he a monopoly of trade requisites. We are glad to say that our customers have received this advance very kindly and our thanks are due to all those who have helped us. We are also increasing our membership. We ask you to ex- cuse 'this trespass on your space. We have no intent!on of entering into a long correspondence with Mr. Smith, but we are prepared to put our case before the Trades Council if Mr. Smith will do the same.—We are yours Ike. THE COMMITTEE WARRINGTON HAIRDRESSERS' SOCIETY.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS FOR POOR CHILDREN. Proposed Seaside Camp. A commendable effort to provide a seaside camp for poor Warrington children during the summer holidays has just been set on foot. It is hardly necessary to point out that were it not for the kindly interest taken in them by sympathetic townspeople, there are many poor little dwellers in the slums who would never know what it was to enjoy the benefits of a holiday under the healthful and strengthening influences of the sea- side. For some years past it has been the custom to send about one hundred Warrington lads to the summer camp at Birkdale organized in connection with the Manchester and Salford Boys' and Girls' Refuges and Children's Aid Society,the necessary funds,of course 'being collected from Warrington friends of the move- ment. This arrangement will, however, be no longer practicable owing to the clashing of the Warrington and Manchester school holidays, and Mr. A. H. Lee and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins who have taken a keen interest in the scheme so far as Warrington is concerned, decided to call a public meeting to consider the advisability of establishing a summer camp for Warrington boys and girls. In response to their appeal there was a good attendance at the meeting which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening under the presidency of the Mayor (Mr. J. Charlton Parr). Amongst others present were the Mayoress, Mrs H. Roberts Mrs. James Fairclough, Mrs. Carleton, Mr. A. H. Lee, 'Mr. W. H. J.Jenkins, Mr. F.Monks, Alderman Monks, the Revs. W. Bracecamp, J. Davies, and B. Percival, Fathers Wilson and Whittle, Mr. J. Moore Murray, and Mr. H. Taylor. The MAYOR said they had met to promote the very useful movement for sending poor children to a summer camp. He' thought the object Of the institution was pretty welPknown in Warrington. Hitherto it had been supported through Manchester, and by contributing a subsidy of about £27 Warrington had been able to send 100 children to the camp. He was informed that Manchester could only provide for her own necessities and therefore the children they had hitherto been able to send from Warrington must either be sent by the Warrington people or else not go at all. He was sure it would be a great disappointment to the supporters of the movement if they were obliged to shut their doors and say they could not provide a week out for the children. Not only did the-annual week out benefit the children physically and morally, giving them fresh air and sending them to a place where discipline and cleanliness and other virtues were enforced, but it also gave thechildren ambition to leave their present surround- ings and taught them that there were pleasanter and happier places than the slums in which unfortunately they were born and bred. They obtained from theirholiday laudable ambition to see more of the world and to go into eparts pleasanter than their own surroundings. They saw the beauties of nature and felt all the charm and loveliness of open air, and he hoped that in direct- ing their eyes to the beauty of nature they might at the same time teach the children " to look through nature up to nature's God." (Applause.) Mr. W. H. J. JENKLNS read several letters regretting non-attendance. Miss Bessie Dutton contributed £1; the Rev. John Yonge expressed his willingness to help in every way he could: Mr. W. Long enclosed a cheque for £1 Is.; Mr. F. R. Roberts saidthe movement would receive his cordial support; Mrs. Broadbent thought the idea an excellent one, and would contribute to the fund; Mr. Henry Roberts wished the movement every success, and sent £l. is.; the Rev. M. Stevenson would do everything in his power to aid the object in view; Mr. McGregor was in sympathy with it, and would be glad to subscribe; Mrs. Long sent a cheque for £1 is. A telegram was also read from Mr. Long wishing the meeting every success. Mr. A. H. LEE said the launching of a new charitable organizationwas not to be done lightly. People said there were too many calls upon their generosity, and it was certainly only in consequence of a very pressing need that a step of that kind had been taken. Some told them that there was a danger of pauperizing the masses; and that in this work they were going very near I it. For some years he had been engaged in carrying on I the work, and the necessity for it had been impressed strongly upon his mind. He did not think there was a better means by which poor children could be kept free from the danger of pauperization than by sending them to the summer camps. The Chairman had put matters very clearly and concisely, and had summed up the general advantages which a summer camp would con- fer upon the children. Although, there might be some danger theoretically of pauperizing the parents and lessening their feeling of responsibility for their children, there were other ways of looking at the question. He felt strongly that they, as a Christian community, had enforced upon them duties which it was not for them to disregard. To give money to people was to impoverish them and rob them of their self- respect, but by sending children to the camp at the sea- side or in the country from which they would return in a more vigorous state of health, they were.really doing something for them which might go to the building up of a more vigorous ang healthy, life. He had referred toithe argument that they were taking responsibility from the parents. There was the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which had for its object the enforcing of responsibility on the parents and it did so with marked effect. But the cortununity had a responsibility as well as the parents. The com- munity was responsible for the many temptations which were put in the way of parents and the question as to how far moral conditions were due to environment pro- vided food for serious reflection. During the last ten years a number of boys had been sent from Warrington to the Birkdale camp, which was organized by the Man- chester Boys' Refuge. Last year the number sent was unfortunately smaller than usual owing to the clashing of the school holidays in Manchester and Warrington. The same difficulty remained this year, but in order that the boys should not lose their holiday the School Attendance Committee kindly agreed to allow the boys to go to camp before the summer holidays commenced. They could not expect that such conditions would be allowed in future and it seamed to him that, the only reasonable step to be taken was to organize a camp of their own. Personally he had a feeling that the benefits of a camp onght to be open to boys and girls, but the Manchester camp was for boys only. Again in the Manchester camp there was a Protestant service, and some of their Catholic friends naturally had a strong I dislike to sending their children to a camp which was avowedly conducted on Protestant principles. By organizing a camp of their own they would be entirely free from such di,ficulties. The time at their disposal to organize a camp for this year was very limited, and he suggested that a camp already established at More- ton, between New Brighton and Hoylake, should be acquired for two weeks. It contained ten tents, which would accommodate from 100 to 120 children. There was also a playroom, cooking houses, &c. Mr. J. M. Murray was of opinion that at least 400 children ought to be sent, and he would, therefore, suggest that they should have ten additional tents. Altogether the cost of keeping 400 children at the camp for the two weeks would be about £l7l. £27 was the cost of sending the 100 children in previous years. Surely a town like Warrington should be willing and able to support such an organization, and he moved that a Warrington Sea- side Camp Committee he formed to provide summer holidays for poor children. Mr. F. MONKS asked what necessity there was for 400 children to be sent. He thought they would find it very difficult to raise £l7l in a fortnight. He asked what the cost would be if only the tents already fixed were occupied. ' Mr. LEE: £7O or £BO leas. Mr. MONKS had pleasure in seconding the resolution, and said the number would be a matter for the Com- mittee to arrange. The Rev. .1. DAVIES suggested that the word " sea- side " should be left out as they might send children into the country for a holiday. Mr. F. MONKS said it would take more time to arrange for children to go into the country than they had at their disposal this year. The M,tvort thought that that and all other details could be decided by the Committee. Alderman MONKS asked if Mr. Lee intended the camp to be a permanent institution. Mr. LEE: Decidedly. The CHAIRMAN said the camp at Moreton might only be occupied this year, but the movement would be permanent. The resolution was carried. Mr. JENKINS said he had had a conversation with Father Wilson, and it was intended that the camp should be entirely unsectarian. The Rev. W. BRACECAMP : Do I understand that there is to be no religious service at all? Father WiLsos explained that if there was a sufficient number of Catholics at the camp to warrant it, they would try to obtain the ministration of some priest for them. If that was impossible they would desire the Catholic children to be left entirely alone in regard to their religious exercises. Mr. MONKS thought the common sense of the com- mittee would settle such a matter. Mr. J. M. MURRAY suggested that all those present should form a committee, mid that a sub-committee should be selected from them to do the work. Alderman MONKS asked what method would be adopted in selecting the children. Mr. LEE said he was glad the question had been asked. A very great interest was taken in the work by the school attendance officers, and he was very much indebted to them for the amount of work they had done. In recent years they had really done all the work, and he had simply overlooked it. They knew the poorest children, and those who most needed a change. The children had assembled at the School Attendance Offices and a doctor had passed them as being free from infectious disease. He did not think that they could find anyone more capable of selecting than the school attendance officers, as they knew the most deserving cases. Mrs. CARLETON suggested that the camp might be used for the benefit of delicate children and Mr. Lee replied that this proposal was being kept in mind. The following committee was appointed :—Mr. Lee, Mr. Monks, Mr. H. Taylor, Mrs. Henry Roberts, Alderman Monks, Mr. J. W. Parker,Mr. J.H. Smethurst, Father Whittle, Mr. J. Moore Murray and Mr. Jenkins, with power to add to their number. The MAYOR was thanked for presiding, and in reply,he said he would be pleased to increase his subscription to £5. At a committee meeting held at the conclusion of the public meeting, Mr. Arthur H. Lee was appointed hon. treasurer and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, hon. secretary. Communications should be addressed to them.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday June 26, 1903.

Mr. E. Lloyd Jones assured the meeting that the re- quisitionists had no personal feeling against anyone. They did not. wish to dictate but simply requested that meeting to consider that vital question. He contended that they ought to have a school which would accom- modate the children of every ratepayer in the district, and asked what they would do if they had to find room for the children who were attending Warrington schools. He did not think their friends who were interested in the present school would lose if a new school were pro- vided. He was not going to introduce that bogey of religious education, but in a provided school they could all agree and the children would all be taught the same thing. What was becoming of the children in that dis- trict who did not attend school? The Chairman: We are supposed to have all the children here. You are commenting upon the laxity of the present education authority and we have nothing to show that they have been lax. Mr. Willett: It is a reflection on the teachers. Mr. Jones: Children are kept from school because there isnot sufficient room to receive them. (Cries of "No" and" Yes.") - The Chairman: The Parochial Committee however, hada case brought before them in which that excuse has been given. Mr. England contended that when he was a member of the Parish Council they hadcomplaints from time to time of non-attendance of children at school—very serious complaints. Mr. Howard: And the reason? A Voice: There was no room. Mr. Pearson: I have acted as chairman of the School Attendance Committee from its inception and I can honestly say that I never remember hearing a complaint that there was no accommodation for the children. (Applause.) Mr. Whitley: I have been on the committee for some years and that excuse has never been made. Mr. Bouchier said he had never heard the excuse given. Mr. Rose: When Mr. England was on the Parish Council we had quite sufficient accommodation. Mr. Jones resumedhis speech and expressed the hope that the resolution would be carried. MR. BOUCHTER'S VIEWS. Mr. J. W. Bouchier, after expressing regret that there had been the slightest hint of any religious feeling in the matter, said he should support the resolution because he did not think an inquiry would do any harm. They must, however,approach figures something like correctly. They were told that they might have to provide three fourths of the £6,000. He had been working it out and it seemed to him that they would have to contribute £2OO per year for thirtyyears to redeem the interest and principal. They would therefore have to pay a 6d. rate in addition to whatever rate the County Council levied on the whole of the county. They might possibly have to pay a rate of 9d. or is. He quite agreed that the accommodation &c., ought to be on a better basis, but he could not help feeling that they were somewhat premature in approaching the question, because they evidently knew nothing at all about the actual accommodation of the school. He contended that the requisitionists ought to have placed themselves in a position to answer the questions which Mr. Jones had handed in. Mr. Jones said he had obtained replies to similar questions from Mr. Ward, the Director of Education, and it was only out of respect to the Chairman that he handed the questions in. Continuing, Mr. Bouchier said he had been informed by a school manager that the cubic area provided by the school was sufficient for 635 coildren, and that the average attendance was 625. When the Act came into force he took it that the Authority would soon find out whether there was sufficient accommodation, and if there was not more would be demanded. In answer to Mr. Bouchier, Mr. Rose said the number of children attending the school from Wilderspool and Warrington and the number who went from Stockton Heath to Warrington would about balance. A Voioe : What about the Walton children? Mr. Bouchier thought Walton was in a much worse position than Stockton Heath. There might have been a combined action on the part of both parishes to build one school to serve for both. The expense would then have been divided. MR. ROSE AND THE ACCOMMODATION. Mr. Rose observed that Mr. England said he thought the managers were to blame for not bringing the facts of inefficiency, the illnesses caused by the drains, &c., before the public. The managers in the past had sp9nt Government money, except what was raised by priAte subscription,—and that represented the 3d. rate—and were responsible to the Government. Up to now the Government had passed the schools as efficient, so that he did not think they could blame the managers. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Rose) could furnish the meeting with all the report up to date, which were quite satistactory (Applause.) While he did not wish to make an acrimoni- ous discussion, he felt that the managers and all con- nected with the schools had worked hard to keep the villagers from having a school rate and it was unfair to blame the managers who at times had had to spend £3OO or more in the interests of the school. (Hear, hear.) Warrington schools could not refuse to take Stockton Heath children, providing they had the room. As to the ilnesses lie thought their school would compare favourably with those of any other district, as the aver- age was only two per cent. They had accommodation for 638 scholars and the average attendance was 627. When the new authority came into force on July Ist they would increase the cubic space to be allowed each child from 90 to 100 ft., and also increase the area from eight square feet to ten square feet. Something had been said about the scholars not being sent to school because there was no room. According to the Education Department, there was room. in the school. Their attendance compared favourably with Warrington and the school attendance authority ought not to be blamed He was pleased to find so many interested in tbe future of the schools, and, personally no one would like a new school better than himself. (Applause.) MR. H. J. WESTBROOK PROPOSES AN

The Chairman said that in fairness to Mr. Jones he thought he ought to read the replies forwarded to that gentleman by Mr. R. P. Ward, the director of education of the Cheshire County Connell. The questions were : (1) When does the school come under the Education Act? (2) Have the managers been appointed; if so, who are they? (3) Hls the school building been passed as efficient to meet the requirements af the Education Act? (4) What is the average attendance of the whole school, and is the present staff of teachers sufficient to meet the requirements of the new Act ?—Mr, Ward replied to the questions as follows,:—(1) On July Ist next. (2) Only the County Council Manager has yet been appointed, and he is Mr. A. F. Wright. (3) This has not yet come forward. It will no doubt be deemed so for the present, until we have the opportunity to see exactly which is the case. (4) Average attendanoe,s26 Mr. Lloyd-Jones: The letter was private, and I did not;intend using it. The inquiry was for my own information.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH'S EDUCATIONAL NEEDS,

IS THE SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION INADEQUATE? Proposal to Approach the County Council Defeated.

--- Stockton Heath's educational needs were under dis- cussion on Tuesday evening when a parish meeting called in response to a requisition signed by 16 rate- payers and presented to the Chairman of the Parish Council (Mr. J. H. Clarke), was held in the National Schools to consider the question of the need for the erection of a new school within the district. That great interest is being taken in the question was evident from the large attendance, the room being almost filled. Mr. J.H. Clarke presided and was accompanied by Mr. E. Bradshaw (clerk of the Parish Council). The Chairman said the question was a very important one and it behoved all of them to have the welfare of their children at heart and to secure for them a sound elementary education under the best conditions possible within reasonable limits. (Applause.) . THE EXISTING SCHOOL. Mr. E. Lloyd-Jones opened the discussionand at the outset said he felt sure none of them wished te approach the question in any party or sectarian spirit; but from the point of citizenship both present and future. (Hear, hear.) In order to put the meeting in possession of knowledge which was absolutely essential he would submit the following questions to the Clerk (Mr. Bradshaw) or the Chairman: (1) When does the Stockton Heath non-provided school come under the Education Act? (2) Have the managers been ap- pointed? If so, who are they? (3) Has the school building been passed as efficient to meetthe requirements of the new Act? (4) What is the total number of scholars on the books and the average attendance? (5) Is the present staff sufficient to meet the requirements of the Act? , The Chairman: Mr. Bradshaw and myself are not the educational authority, and it is, therefore, utterly im- possible for me to answer these questions. I know nothing whatever about the management of the present schools, and Mr. Bradshaw is no doubt in the same position. Mr. Bradshaw: Absolutely ignorant. The Chairman said the first question was common knowledge. The school/would come under the Education Act,when it was adopted by the Cheshire County Council. When the managers had been appointed the full number would be six. Four managers would be appointed by those who had interest in the school, one by the local educational authority and one by the Parish Council of the parish. Up to now none had been appointed by the parish because there had not been an intimation from the local education authority to do so. They were ex- pecting the request shortly. He knew nothing about the next question, while with regard to the succeeding question he might say that he was neither the school- master nor the manager, and it was, therefore, im- possible for him to answer the question. He was in total ignorance of the last question. MR. E. ENGLAND MOVES A RESOLUTION. Mr. E. England said the onus of calling the meeting rested upon the requisitionists. The request was only signed as a matter of form. They could have had more signatures,but they had the required number to meet the case. Not only now but for some years past some interest had been taken in the question of education, and there was a growing opinion that there had been a lack of school accommodation in the district. He endorsed the remarks of Mr. Lloyd-Jones that they did not wish to discuss the matter from a sectarian point of view, bat purely from the citizen's standpoint,and above align the interests of the children. (Applause).Heunder- stood the Education Act would come into force in the county on July Ist, and the present i was a good time to discuss the question. He sympathised with the headmaster and the teachers, because he felt they were much handicapped. He also sympathised with the managers who must have had some hard work te do, and anxious moments in trying to conduct the school in an efficient manner. At the same time they were not with- out blame, for the reason that they ought to have brought before the people the true condition of matters in the village. It would be as well to speak plainly and as far as possible to keep toithe facts. There were only two matters to discuss, namely, the extension of the existing school or the building of a new one. He was prepared to demonstrate that a new school i would be n the interests of the ratepayers, parents and property owners and above all, of the children. (Applause.)The population in 1901 was 2,560,and it must now be at least 3,000. The increase was more than the normal rate, as they had a great influx of residents. There was something in the air which seemed to be attractive—(laughter)---and they knew, especially mem- bers of the Garden Society, that there was something in the virtue of the soil. (Renewed laughter) They also said that rates were lower in that neighbourhood. (Laughter.) The ratable value for the present half year was £10,315 Bs. A short time ago it was a little over £B,OOO, so that it was going up practically by leaps and bounds. He understood Oat the school accommoda- tion was 507, there were on the books 783, and the average attendance was 627. There were children who came from without their borders to the school, but over 100 children from the village went to Warrington. A certificated teacher was only allowed to teach 60 children in his class, but as a matter of fact some teachers must be teaching more than the proper number. In one class there were over 90 being taught, and he believed one teacher was teaching two standards. The

school was very much overcrowded and there was not AMENDMENT, even sitting accommodation. In support of his conten- tion that it would not be practicable to enlarge the Mr. H. J. Westbrook said it was scarcely fair to a school to the required extent, Mr. England said that on meeting of intelligent ratepayers for a gentleman to one side of the building there was the rear of some ask four questions and then to admit that he had an property which was too near to the school and the play- authoritative answer to them. ground, and the latter was higher than a portion of the Mr. Lloyd Jones: I think I gave a very good reason. ground floor of the school. Hence the school got occa- 'did se simply and purely out of respect to the Chair- stonally flooded, and the foundation must be constantly man. damp. It was not surprising, therefore, that cases of The Chairman: It might have been out of respect to diphtheria and fever had occured in the village. Very myself, but still there was a rospe# due to the meet- probably the schoolmaster and teachers, to obtain a lag. proper ventilation, opened the windows as much as they Mr. Westbrook: That is my point:Continuing he said could according to the weather. it seemed to him as if they had come there to hear those Mr. F. Howard: Draw it mild, for goodness sake. gentlemen get up their facts. They had nothing proved (Laughter.) until Mr. Rose spoke—no authoritative figures to go Mr. England said that therefore it was net surprising upon, but simply assertions. He submitted it would be that the children caught cold. There was no blame to lie veryunwise indeed for them, in the absence of definite attached to the schoolmaster, but the parents had corn_ information, to commit themselves to anything. (Hear, plained that their children had come from the school hear.) feeling downright unwell. The estimated cost of a new Mr. England observed that Mr. Rose spoke according school was £6,000. It was a great deal of money, but to the Act now in force. Was it not a fact that under the whole would not fall upon Stockton Heath—only thenew Act Ishich was coming into force the accommo- one half. The local education authority was authorized dation would be only 507? He understood that the to charge not less than one half and not more than average attendance was 627, so that they had some three fourths to the parish or parishes wherein the figures to go upon. (Applause.) capital expenditure was put forth, and their proportion Mr. Westbrook said they had another month at least would be £3,000. They would be allowed at least 30 in which to consider what they were going to do. It years in which to repay the 0,000 probably 45 years. was entirely premature to do anything now. On July A 3d. rate would produce on the present ratable value Ist there would be a recognized authority for this dis- well over £lOO a year, but the ratablelvalue was going trict, and he took it they would make inquiries as to up by leaps and bounds, and as time went on it would the needs of the district- It .would savour almost of increaseat a greater rate than it had done. It would impertinence for that meeting, before those gentlemen not take ten years at the present rate to comedown only , had got into office, to suggest that they had found them to a penny rate. At present the Parents had to pay : a place to turn their attention to. They ought to it school fees but in a new school the education would be I and see what the education authority's schemes were, free as well as the cost of the books. To the Parents of and then see if they could improve upon them. He was the children the provision of a new school would 'prepared to admit with Mr. England that they had not undoubtedly be a great boon. I sufficient accommodation. The schools had been improved The Chairman: You say that in the new school long ago without nn thing of that sort taking place. there will be no fees charged? 1 He moved "That inasmuch as the`appointed day' has not Mr. England: That is what I understand. I yet arrived, it is premature at this juncture, until the Mr. F. Rose: May I point out that no fees will be bylaws of the local education authority are in force charged at this school after July Ist. (Hear, hear.) and the authority has got into working order. to corn- The Chairman: It is not absolutely necessaty that' mit ourselves one way or the other." (Applause.) The the school should be free, but a certain number of places Board of Education only required accommodation for a must be provided free, if there is a request made for sixth of the population of the parish. Taking the them. , population to be 3,600 they had only to provide accom- . Mr. England asked the meeting not to throw away the ' modation for 600 scholars, and they were doing that. chance of obtaining half of the cost of the school from Mr. Whitley seconded the amendment, and remarked the County. They had had an impression for some time that the Inspector acting under the Educational Corn- that the district had been acting more than its share and mittee of Cheshire, appointed by the County Council, not receiving back what it had paid in rates for other had already inspected their schools and they had no parts of the county.! It seemed to him that. this was a doubt that all requirements respecting classrooms and fine opportunity to get a bit of their own back. A other matters would be properly and efficiently met in new school would attract residents to the district as due course by that committee. This meeting was very there were persons in Warrington who had declined to Premature, and he should like to know if the gentlemen live in Stockton Heath because there was not sufficient 1 school accommodation. ("Oh".) Howard : Why did you come from Warrington? who had convened it, were possessed of the riches of a Rothschild or the millions of a:Carnegie and wished to Mr. Ho bestow upon the parish schools at their own cost for Mr. England : T did not. the benefit of the rising generation ? Or did they wish Mr. Howard: Yes you did. .to incur a tremendous debt on the parish almost in- Continuing Mr. England pointed out that County tolerable to be borne by the ratepayers and which they Council scholarships were not obtained by Stockton themselves would not touch with their little fingers ?If Heath children but it was not the fault of the school they were so anxious to have new schools in the parish. master or scholars. He appealed to all present to see why not create a fund for that purpose? If they would that they had a school that would at all events be equal guarantee £5OO each the whole of the amount required to the schools in any other districts. For his own part would be raised. (Laughter.) As he had remarked the he thought it would be possible tohave a superior school meeting was premature, and they did not know what and he hoped they would give the children arrangements or improvements the Educational Corn- of Stockton Heath a real fine chance. (Applause.) He mittge desired to carry out ; and seeing that all officials moved "That in view of the great increase in the and members had not yet been appointed, he begged to population of Stockton Heath it is the opinion of this second the amendment. (Applause). meeting that more school accommodation is urgently Mr. John Holland supported the amendment, and con- needed, and desires that immediate steps shall be taken tended that they would be having a rate of a shilling in to urge for an inquiry to be made into the whole sub- the pound if a new school was built. Instead of spend- ject on the part of the County Council." ing a shilling in the pound the present schools might be Mr. W. 11. Slaerburn seconded the motion and con- made sufficient for the childien at one quarter the cost tended that that room was not fit for children to be in which had been mentioned. for half a day. His opin'on was that Warrington's edu- Mr. Whitley observed that he had had nine children cational facilities were very much behind. In the educated in arose schools, and he was perfectly satisfied course of his speech Mr. Sherburn asked his hearers how with the instruction which had been given. He was they would like their children, he was going to say proud to say that one of his children was a "reverend" " imprisoned "in a room like that. For a long time as well as" M.A., RD." the school had served its purpose well and all honour Mr. John Houghton asked if there was any chance of ' WAS due to those who had conducted the education of preventing draughts in the school. He could add his the village. He thought, however, that they ought to testimony to the manner in which the children had been follow the example of other authorities who we re mak- educated. They had constantly complained, however, ing the best of the Education Act, and endeavour of the draughts and of stiff necks and sore throats and 'to obtain a school which would be a model to districts he attributed it to the draughts. The sanitary con- similarly situated. ditions generally were betterthan they were before. Mr. Warburton.: Mr. England tell us that supposing Mr. Rose said the architect for the new education a new school costs £6,000 we only have to pay half and authority had been down and information as to accom- the other half comes from the county rate. Do we pay modation, &c., had been furnished to the County Council anything towards the county rate? He, therefpre, did not see what the present meeting Mr. Bradshaw: We pay our proportion, of course. could do.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHAIRMAN AND .MR. SHERBURN.

The Chairman said he thought Mr. Sherbum's remarks in which he termed that room a prison were very muck out of place and uncalled for. It was not proper to attack the managers in the way he had done. Mr. Sherbnrn: I don't think I attacked any manager. The Chairman: It is an attack on the managers to call the place a prison. You said these children. were imprisoned in this room for a good part of the day. You also said the room was not fit to bring children into. I felt hurt that Mr. Sherburn should express hims3lf as he has done and I think on second thoughts he will withdraw the expression. Continuing, Mr. Clarke said the County Council already had the condi- tion, of affairs in Stockton Heath under observation. They had appointed a sub-committee to deal specially with tae district covered by the Runcorn Rural District Council. When the new authority got into working ,[ order the district would have every attention. He was not going to say that flatly ought to submit to the present accommodation for any great length of time. He felt the time was drawing precious near when some- thing would have to be done, but they would be a little bit out of place in approaching the County

• . Council before the new Act was in operation. At that school they took in children from Stockton Heath, Wilderspool, Warrington, Latchford Without. Grappenhall, Stretton and Walton. If they turned the children from other parishes ont, as they had power to do, they would have ample room for Stockton Heath children. They ought to be careful in approaching the County Council,lest they had to bear the full propor- tion of the cost of a new school. If they had a new school let all thespirisoef he Intl mentioned combine to pay the cost. He preferred to wait for the proposals of the County Council, and if the inhabitants were dis- satisfied with them they could have another meeting. If they found the County Council were not treating them properly they could go to the Board of Education.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AMENDMENT CARRIED.

On a vote being taken th 9 amendment was carried, the figures being:— For the amendment proposition Mr. Sherburn said he would withdraw wiything he had said which could be considered to by hurting to the Chairman or Educational Committee. The meeting then concluded.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COWS HMG THE MANGOLDS AT FRODSHAM. A Farmer Fined.

Before Mr. W. J. Stewart at the City of Liverpool Police court on Wednesday John Ravenscroft of Hall o'the Hey Farm Kingsley Frodsham, was summoned at the instance of Inspector Quinton that he on the 12th, of May, did sell to the prejudice of thp purchaser, milk which was not of the nature substance and quality de- manded. Mr. Trubshaw prosecuting solicitor prosecuted and the defendant was represented by Mr. Thomas S. Steel solicitor, Warrington. John Mc Ghee stated that defendant was under a contract to supply him with milk and on the day in question he attended at Lime street station for the milk. He there saw Inspector Quinton take the sample.—lnspector Quinton stated that he attended at Lime street Railway Station and there saw two( tank- ards of milk consigned by the defendant to Mr. McGhee. He took a sample and divided it, as required lby Act of Parliament, one part being sent to the Public Analyst and another to the defendant. He produced the certificate of analysis, which stated that in the opinion of the analysts the sample contained 9.74 per cent. of fat, 835 per cent. of other solids, making a total of 11•09 per cent. ; that it was deficient in cream, and also that it had been slightly watered.—ln answer to Mr. Steel, the Inspector admitted that he took a sample out of another tankard, but that was all right. He had not the analysts certificate with regard to the other sample, but no proceedings had been taken with regard to that.—Mr. Steel urged that no water had been added by the defendant or his servants —He was ahighly respectable farmer, a man nearly 70 years of age, had been a farmer nearly forty years and had never before been summOned. He had been in- the habit of supplying Homer's factory for years and his milk had always been of the highest standard. The milk- ing was done by the defendant and his two sons and they would state that no water was added but that the milk was taken directly from the refrigerator and then into the tankards. Mr. Steel pointed out that it was most difficult to lay down a standard of quality as to milk and that the Board of Agriculture had appreciated this difficulty. The defendant had always endeavoured to properly feed his cows and he was at a loss to under- stand why the milk on this particular occasion came below his usual standard. The only explanation he could give, was that his cows had got in amongst the mangolds and having eaten an inordinate quantity the quality of the milk had in consequence bean effected. —Mr. Steel urged that having regard to the whole of the circumstances, the explanation he had given and especially the fact that the other sample of the same milk had passed the analysts test, and also the fact that from the analysts certificate of this sample for which the defendant was summoned, showed that the quality was on the broad line of the standard laid down by the Board of Agriculture the case was not one for a severe penalty.—Mr. Stewart "Forty shillings and costs."

'Death and Funeral of Mr. T. C. Brooks. • The death occurred at his residence, 12, Be,wsey- street, yesterday week of Mr. Timothy Connelly Brooks, who had been in the employ of Messrs. Peter Walker and Son, Ltd., for nearly forty years. The deceased, who was 57 years of age, had been ailing about two mmths, an internal complaint; being the cause of death. He is survived by a widow, three sons and a daughter. Mr. Brooks was very popular withl his fellow employees at the brewery, having worked his way upto the responsible position of head of the building department. He was prominently identified with the Conservative Club, and as vice-chairman of , the Town Hall Ward Committee his services at elec- tion times were always valued. He was a mem- ber of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, Minachester Unity, and held the position of vice-presi- dent of the Chirdren's Burial Society connected with it. —The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Monday. In addition to the relatives, Colonel W. H. Walker, M.P., was present, together with a large number of other representatives of Messrs.Walker,and'Son includ- ing Messrs. Jas. Monro, J. Fulton Smith, A. F. G Potter, W. James (chief out-door manager), E. Ellis. from Liverpool (secretary), S. Ross. T. ff. Clx and J. . Tilling. About 30 employees from the, deceased's own department preceded the cortege. There were also present :—Mr. W Holbrook, repre- senting the Conservative Association ; Mr. W Forsha.w and the following members of the in- dependent Order of Oddfellows: —Bros. A. G-. Webster, president; F. Taylor, T. Wadsworth, S. Taylor, E. C. Cooper J. Norburv, G. Ashton, W. Watson, F. Cl. Taylor:W. Taylor,G. Whitham,Bonehill and Whittle.— The last rites were performed by the Rev. Fathers Swarbreck, Polding (formerly of St. Alban's) and Whittle.—Many beautiful floral tokens were placed over the grave. The Chairman and directors of Messrs Walker and Son sent one "with sincere regret" while there were others from the building department of Dallam Brewery, the cooperage department, the office staff,the brewery staff,Messrs-T. Allen and Sons, Mr. William Forshaw, Mr. W. T•tylor, Mr. awl Nfrs Fred Parsonage, Mr. and Mrs. Brophy, Mr. and Mrs. Owen Toole, Mr. and Mrs. Reader and family, Mrs. Brown and family, Mr. and Mrs. A. Titmas, and Mr. and Mrs. Warhurst.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON THE STOIIIM-1, LIVER, KIDNEYS & 'ROWELS.

SE WEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other known reruediei. This is now conceded by ifliportant authori- ties. It wis first introduced by :gr. Veno as one of the ingredients of Veno's Seaweed Tonic, since which tire Veno's Seaweed Tonic has been used in hospitals and by doctors themselves beenuse of its superior curative properties. Its most brilliant effecteis produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extra- ordinary cures it performs, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. Tt is a god-send to sufferers; from indigestion, wind, headache, general weakness kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood and HABITUAL CONWTPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Price is. I.ld. and 2s. Pd. at chemists and medicine vendors.

Grvm TITFAi Tr2.1%L.-.V.F .Txvr.on's wonder- ful boots for everybody. FIRE GRATIS of every description.—.T. S. GAR- TAND, Furnishing Ironmonger. 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warringion.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington once more tasted the sweets of victory on Saturday, and the victory was quite decisive enough to satisfy the most expect- ant supporters of the team. Earlestown were van- quished with very little trouble although Warrington lacked the services of Lynes, the professional, and W. H. Podmore. The Arpley enclosure was the scene of the engagement and there was a 'good attendance of spectators. ,Warrington had the first turn with the willow and for the loss of only three wickets compiled 167. It was then thought fit to apply the closure and Earlestown commenced their task. Only 88 runs were the outcome of their combined efforts, Warring- ten thus securing the victory by a substantial margin.

The feature of the match which must first be noted was the yeoman service rendered by J. W. Bibby, the Warrington captain. His batting reached a high standard and was responsible for 68 of the runs which fell to the home eleven. When the innings closed all ,efforts to bring about the dismissal of the captain had been unavailing and he was still occupying the wickets with B. Silcock who made an excellent partner his contribution being 45. Bibby hit eleven boundary strokes and Silcock five. E. A. Connor and P. B. Hawtin were'also in good form and were responsible for 28 and 14 respectively.i Alf Thewlis, the old pro- fessional, figured n thR home team, but was unable to add a single run.

Earlestown's most useful representative was S. Henderson who compiled 32 in capital style, J Miller and T. P. Howarth each knocked up 11.

E. A. Connor's bowling was most effective and accounted for 7 wickets at a cost of 33 runs. The Warringt= men fielded carefully and Duckworth made an excellent wicket keeper.

In the second elevens' encounter, the tables were reversed, Earlestown being triumphant by a 104 majority. The Warrington eleven were all dismissed for 112, and of this aggregate E: Pierpoiut knocked up 62 and D. Plinston 24. Plinston hit 19 boundary strokes. For Earlestown, W. Rylance wielded the willow in splendid style and was 89 (not out) when the innings closed. W. Hatton (33), H. Barr (31), F. Reade (27), and J. Burrell (15), were the other most useful contribut-Nrs. Harrison and Limond wrought much havoc with the ball.

There was an exciting match between Sankey Wire Mills and High Legit'', the Wire Mills running out : winners by one wicket and two runs. Gorton (47) and . Simpson (24) batted in grand form for High Legh, and Taylor (34' ) Woodcick (15) and Hatton (12) were the top scorers for the winning team. In the bowling department Surridge (High Legh) and N. and R. Cook (Wire Mills) gave fine displays.

WANTED HOMES for guests, invalids. children. apart- ments, houses —Tuns ER'S. 163 Piccadilly, London.

DON'T BUY

BOGIE OR POOR TYRES. REAL 1903 D UNLOPS, 1i IRD. A COVES;

le. EXTRA. :VOW FITTING. MI

OTHER TYRES SIIIILAR PRICE.

ITS A IFACTIt ONLY THRIIRIMILBS TO

IRELAND,

SANKEY.

Latchford Baptists entertained Edge Green and had ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, the best of matters,. a victory by a 23 margin being EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCID 3 tiT & DIS R 4.5 II the result. J. Bibby knocked up 16 for the victors and Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria &. E. Prescott compiled 17 for Edge Green. On Monday; BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCII the Baptists met Crosfield's at Arpley and the Soapery RAILWAY PASSENGERS' men gained the verdict by 6 runs. E. Unsworth (11) : was the highest scorer, but the bowlers excelled them- ' ASSURANCE CO. selves, Cliffe capturing 6 wickets for 3 runs for Established 1849. Latchford, and Dickenson accomplishing a smart ~LAINIS PAID 24,500,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAL Secretary performance for Crosfield's. 1 MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented gciistrlats• Latchford Baptists 2nd were defeated by St. Ann's AGENTS : tz Mr. C. J. HOLMES,- Market Gate to the tune of 11 runs. Burns and Hewitt were each WarringSt Helens 'w .H. RlGBEY.Nessoliffe. Viotoria-rd.,Latchford responsible for 14 runs On the winning side and Mr. 1. B. LEACH', Hardstiaw-strees Warburton (27) was the only Latchford player to Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willows attain double figures. . Bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge' 1 Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.MooriId House

Warrington Co-operative occupy the second position in the Lancashire Co-operative Tuesday DR. HARGRAVE'S FEMALE PILLS Cricket League with 6 points to their credit. On (WORLD FAIIRD). Tuesday they defeated Bury by 11 runs, the respective The safest and best remedy for ANAEMIA, DEB/LITT, totals being 41 and 30. , WEAKNEBB,IRREOULA.RITY, and all other ailments peculiar to the sex. Invaluable to Women. -- PRICE 28. 9D ONE Box SUFFICIENT FOR CURE. St. Mary's eleven had the best of an engagement Sole Agent far the .United Kingdom— with Howley, the result being largely due to the J. ROGER, (Box 2), batting by Ball (19), Dean (12) and Corcoran (12). For 3. BRSKINII ROAD, WALTHASISTOW, LONDON. Howley, W. Hunter (35) was the only player to reach louble figures. . .

IJOMPULSORY SALE.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
GHAT SALH OF

OIL RIINTINGS, WATILR-COLOUR

DRAWILYGS.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BE SOLD BY

REdINALD R. CROSS,

OWING TO SITCH AN BNoIorOUS ACCUMULATION OF STOCK I Am COMPELLED TO HOLD A GREAT REALISATION SALE.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKS') & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works Bewsey-street, andbl ished by, theal at the sone place,and also at ne X PIL; all' 0 RCN Victoria-row" WIDNES, 32, George-street, ST. HELF.NS and 3, NU rke tg street, BAntEsTowN,inthe County of Lancashire,n also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the County of Cher hire, JUNE 26nr. 1903.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland is a veteran cyclist but he is no judge of pace. In the course of a dis' cussion on the Scottish Licensing Bill this week he threw out a challenge which the most hardened road racer would decline tp emulate. Speaking as a cyclist, , he said he would cycle seven miles in less time than Mr. Hunter Craig, the Member for Govan, could walk a mile. Taking five miles an hour as the average pace a Member of the Legislature could endure on foot, Mr. Graham Murray binds himself to pedal seven miles on the road at the rate of thirty-five miles on hour!

===== 0002601_19030626_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

The opening of the seasmn for angling for coarse 'fish witnessed' many local angletz venturing out in search of sport.. Many fishing localities were visited, as Chester, Rossett, -Stickle Trafford, the Shropshire Union Canal, the Bridgwater Canal and to say noth- ing of the river Bolliti. No great amount of sprt was recorded.

The river Bollin is now g3tting somewhat low and a good freshet is needed to enliven things up a bit. As a whole, the river did not fish quite so well as it has done on some previous week-ends, yet a fair amount of sport was registered. Mr. Ellis took a brace of trout by means of the black gnat and Mr. Mason had a nice mixed bag including a fair-sized trout. Mr. F. Bonnell hada decent mixed bag, which included a king-carp. Hr. J. Waywell recorded a specimen , gudgeon of 2ozs. On Tuesday last, Mr. Fred Bonnell was f irtunate in capturing a grayling, the first of the season from that river. Messrs. Brown, Bell, Allen and Webster have all recorded sport amongst the trout. The latter angler Was particularlyfortunate on Wednesday last in that he captured the heaviest trout 1 of the season. a beautiful fish of 19ins. long, 101 ins. in girth, and scaling 21bs. 7ozs. sdrs. The fish has been sent to Anstiss, of London, to be mounted.

The Mersey A.S. fished their opening match at Vale Royal last week-end with the following result :- Ist, H. Gatley, 11b. loz. 4drs.; 2nd, J. Graham, 13oz. 10drs.; 3rd, J. Ward, Bozs. ; and 4th, G. Spencer, Goz. Bdrs.

The Committee of the Latchford A.S. have decided to bold two evening contests for club members on Mon- days, July 13th and July 27th respectively in the waters •of the Bridgewater °anal at Grappenhall. There will be 'six prizes for eacll match. Messrs. A. Starkey, sec., H. Green and F. Y. Emson will act as a match committee.

The first contest hi connection with the Warring- ton Angling Association will be decided in the Bridge- water Canal at London 'Bridge, Stockton Heath, on Saturday, July 11th. This contest is open to mem- bers of the Association and to members of clubs affiliated to the Association for travelling facilities or for fishing privilege. The proceeds will be devoted to the benevolent fund of the society. All competitors will become members of that fund for the current year.

===== 0002601_19030626_art0161.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AL

at I '4 01

===== 0002601_19030626_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
LOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 28th. At 10.30 Rev. W. O. J. NEVILLE. At 8.30 Rev. R. WILKINS BEES. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lessethan half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 401.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS 1 S C)AIN LESS YSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MAIDDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every reaped satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON A.LDS, - ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 W ARRINGTON, 33, S ANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS,I2 ID 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANC H ESTE it, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A .M. TO 8 P.M.

EWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNB 28th. At 10.30 COUNCILLOR J UPSON. At 6.30 Rev JOHN GUNNBLL. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

GOLBOBNE STREE r BAPTIST CLIURI, WATERINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). JUNE 21sT. 3lonNtra 10.45 Mr. EDWARD JONES. EVENING 630 COUNuILLOR JAMES EVANS. All Seats Free. Mr. DuNLIICO will preach on Sunday June 28th.1

OLD BRUNSWICK 103RD. ANNIVERSARY.- DRILL HALL, RUNCORN ON SUNDAY NEXT, JUNE 28rn AT 10.30 AND 6.0. 411 V. B. LLOYD JONES, ow WARRINGTON, WILL PREACH TWO SERMONS. Also on KONDAY evening next, the 29th. he will deliver I_,losley HI-CENTENARY LECTURE JOHN WESLEY the MEANING of METHODISM." Chair to be taken at 7 0, by DAVID WATRIIV4, Mn Chester. oPECIAL PIECES by SCHOLARS and CHOIR assisted Y RUNCORN ORCriESTRAL SOCIETY. _ Collections in aid of School Funds.

REAT CENTRAL HAIL,WAY.—COMMENCING JULY lirr. A NEW TdROUGH SERVICE OF ;;;LAINS will run BETWEEN ST. HELENS, WIGAN and &BRING lON AVOIDING CHANGING at GLAZ 721001C—gh lag direct communi ation to and from Liver- -171: Southport, Sheffield, Hull, Nottingham, Leleeeter, etc. Poe paticuiarl of Times etc see Great Central Time ' SAM FAY, General Manager.

COUNTY OF CHESTER TO Wll'. NOTICE IS HEREBY GlVEN,that the next GENERAL n QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the n'OUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, ,ue 29th day ot June, 1903. at half-past Eleven o'clock the forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empan- telled. The hearing of all Appaals arising within the Hundreds of Braxton, Eddisbury. Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District. and the trials of all prison-Is com- taitted. from such Hundreds, will take place at such tf-ssicns. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester uistriet must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester,• at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 29th day June, 1903, at balf-ast Eleven o'clock in the Foreno9n. TEE Court will be Adjourned to the Coart House attatord, on WEDNESDAY, the Ist day of July. 1903. at _Tteven o'clock in ti.e Forennon, cri•en another Grand 11.17 will be erripanni-Ved. Ti" hearing of all Appeals `tieing Handre.la of Backlow, Macclesfield, :11.d North...deb, forminz the Kr•tr,tord District, and the 41ale ct I pr,soners c •mmittati from the last-mentioned undrear; ill take place at such Adjourned Sessions. ±tze Grand and Patty Juries tnr the Kim stord District 'lust be in attendance at te Cunt Hnuse, finutsford, • the opening of the Court no Vi EDNESDAY, the first day July, 1903, at Eleven r:'cleck jrOh Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS. „. Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. unegtsr, 9th June, 1903.

UPON 31Y SOLE. I STAMP THE PRICE IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Bs. 6d. AND NO MORE FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO. THE CORPORITION—OF --WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BoROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

SPLENDID AsBortment of New Season's PAT- TRIMS for our Celebrated 10e, fid. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid. 4EItGE JACKETS SERGE JACKETS I Li Every workman should have one of HILOUE'S cele- brated 4.. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool.

GLAN DS' SAI LI NGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. pro" PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OT HER STEAMER, to LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW Treace Dock Berth No. 24. North Side. T„lrli.July 2nd 4.30 p.m. Mon. June 29th 2 p.m. *6.30 p.m. ,47. July 7th 8 p.m. Sat. July 4tt 2 p.m. *8.25 p.m. I.July 11th 10 p.m. Thurs. July 9th 2 p.m. *5.23 p.m, Oin from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). '9, 1044stal reduced through tickets from Warrington, keTtlitkitu.n :IF FARES EWE LIVERPOOL :—Cabin' Single. lie; bp:Nl:and for two months),l6s 6d. Steertge. Single. sa;6d. 14 s :;,Ct RETURN TICKETS.—(VaIid for 10 days), Cabin, ' oteerage, 8s 3d. M. LAN GLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS-STREET. MANCHESTER. 10, EumPORD-PLAOE, LIVERPOOL.

HAIR COMBINUS made up 2/- per oz, COVERLETTE TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, WIRE 5/6 FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

HARCOURT'S PENNYROYAL, STEEL AND TANSBY FILLS, THE BEST REMEDY FOR ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES 1/11. 2/9, 4/6, Pon FREE 25, OXFORD GARDENS, KIINSING2ON, W.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR EHOTOGRAPHEIRS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND sEco ,4DHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSRs, Wrc. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY. POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT 71. OXFORD ROAD. NB R ALL SAINTS' MANCHESTER.

ORTH WAN .KAIL WAY k LRAM EL ti 0). TOUR IRELAND. 600 NILES OF TRAVEL FOR £l. comnnt ED TRAVEL AND HOTEL TICKETS. A WEEK FOR £2 Is. POR LIST OF TOURS , TICKETS, &C., APPLY TO B. W, S. McALPINE, IxpERLLI. CHAMBERS, 62, DALII STRRIET. LIVRRPOOL.

Li PP PIANOS. TO-DAY THE " LIPP " IS A MUCH MORE POPULAR PIANO THAN THAT SOLD BY ANY OTHER FOREIGN MAKERS IN THIS COUNTRY,SOME OF WHOM HAVE BEEN ESTABLISHED IN RAGLAND FOR 20 OR 30 YEARS. CATALOGUES FREE FROM THE SOLE AGENT. B. WADSWORTH, 59, SANK ftY ST., W ARRINGTON.

ALLAN Ll.—'J'O CANADA, UNITED STATES, RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. °Pry SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. b OF SPARTA ...Calcutta June 30 .LAVA rt lAN Quebec and Montreal July 2 IRUVIAN -4. John's N.F. and Halifax July 4 4()NIAN City Quebec an Montreal July 9 .- OF PERTH ...Monte Video, Buenos Ayres and Rosario July 11. p OCEAN RATBS—To Canada, Saloon from £lO. Second les. ; Third Class £5 lie. To India, £37 10s.and 2..7 ICis. tt` or full particulars apply to ALLAN OFFicEa,lo3,Leadenhall ""et, London, 8.C., and 19. James-street, Liverpool. ----------

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONERR & VALUER Office and Salerooms No, 1, BANK-STIIEHT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOOD% DEPOSITED FIR SALE. New and Second-hand Fnrnitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnittne, Scc., warebouse,t,

THROUGH LAKH-LA.ND TO THE .v. 1.... ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 215 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 a.m. b Train in connrction with stes.msr leaves Warriugton vta "eston at 9.58 a.m. Special. eh'' a p return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 24s PO i Trains run Third class and saloon 15,s 6d c alongside 7 hird class stn,4 Fore Cabinlls 6d ) bteamers. t SPECIAL NOTICE. —CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available R.,ing via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- 'cod, or vice i;erga, can now be obtained at following Fares:— First-class and Saloon l9s 6d Third-class and Saloon... is Od Third-class and Fore Cabin lOs Od t,This journey may be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for ,_ Lakts). Furness Abbey or Barrow. IMPORTANT O'LICE.—The magnificent express steamers " DUCHESS DEVONSHIRE " and "DUCHESS OF BUCCLEUCH " "al be on the service durintr the season. Tourist note book —T. bee 3d.—JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow. ____—

A. AND J. NITENE, PAN, NBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND , SILVERSM.THS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellers'. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD &ND SILVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, &a., &c.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAInAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &c. We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES lIY YOST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A CareNlly Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS. &c. GOLD and sILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit; all pockets. 'LAINE'S RICHMOND S MEET, LIVERPOOL.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES.-REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Sunlays included). By paddle- (Leatuer "St. Tudno," daily leaving Prince's Landing Stage `wohith,.r and circumstances permitting) at 10-45 am, for ..andudno Beaumaris, Bangor and Menai ;Bridge returning 3.30 p.m. and from Llandudno, at 5.15 p.m due back ut 730 p.m. Week-end trip Saturday 27th June by St. 'lvies at 2.15 p m,, for Llandudno and Menai !Straits turning following Monday due in Liverpool 10.15 a.m. ..qbday 28th at 2 p.m., by P.S. Snowdon, !passengers return by St. Tudno due back 7.30 pin. Day or Week-end fares. Llandudno Menai Straits. et Saloon Return ss. 6s. 6d. " Saloon Return Isle of Anglesey Trips 30th June and 2nd July. St. Rlvies ;t 9.15 a.m. Tuesday and 9.30 a in. Thursday due bacK 8 p in. li?fough Bookings. ,or all further information apply to the Liverpool andllorth ",alea steamship Company, Ltd., T G Brew. Secretary, 40, r'aDel street, Liverpool. 4 Through Bookings Daily by Cheshire Lines and on Sun- ,3lZll by Express Train leaving Warrington at 9.45 p.m. Itimol9l Guide post free 3d. Week-ends Hotel and Boat ltisive from 215.

FOR FINEST QUALITY, HOME-CURED WILTSHIRE, IRISH, ,DANISH AND CANADIAN BACON AT REASONABLE PRICES TRY JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR .1-aA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS- THOMAS ," EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR .k_YCLES WITR mysLoP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES. FREE-WHEEL AND FRONT AND HEIR WHEEL. RIM BRIKEs AT THE ,AsToNIB3IING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, "R:THIC BEST VALUE THE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED. E OLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR AIOTOR BICYCLES, REF. TRIAL ALLOWED To INTENDING IpITRCHASERS INspECTION IS INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, .53 AND 55, BRIDGE STRF, T, WARRINGTON'.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICUL- ruRAL SOCIETY. FOURTEENTH ANNUAL SHOW, AT WALiON PARK, NEAR WARRINGTON, oN THURSDAY. AUGUST 13TH. PRIZES, CUPS. AND MEDALS, VALUE £750. SHIRES, DRAUGHT GELDINGS, HUNTERS, HARNESS, POLO PONIES. TRADESMEN'S AND TENANT FARMERS' TURNOUTS, CATTLE, CHEESE AND BUTTER. JUMPERS PRIZES £5O: ENTRIES CLOSE WEDNESDAY. 29TH JULY. For Prize Schedules and Entry Forms apply H. BERESFORD MELVILLE, 23, BOLD STREET, Warrington ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W NICHES. (BT ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Poid and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &IL, to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

LADIES! gDURING THIS WEEK WE ARE BOLDING A DEMONSTRATION OF SPONG'S "GENERAL" FOOD CHOPPER. ALL ARE INVITED TO CALL AND SEE THIS WONDERFUL MACL INE iLsr. NO OBLIGATION TO BUY. CUTS SIMPLE BRITISH PRICES FOUR AND MADE. FROM DIFFERENT EASY AWARDED ss. 6D, SIZES. TO GOLD MEDAL MACHINES CLEAN. LIVERPOOL WILL LAST EXHIBITION, 1902. FOR YEARS. SATURDAY IS LAST DAY OF DEMONSTRATION. ' JOSEPH S. GARLAND, FURNISHING IRONMONGER, 5!, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON.

4 G. AND J. WEAVER 88, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS ANTIQUE FURNITURE DEALERS; ETC., SOI.7ND AND RELIABLE FURNITURE AT REASONABLE PRICES. REMOVAL CONTRACTORS, BY ROAD •2 AND BAIL TO ALL PARES OF TOWN AND COUNTRY. WAREHOUSE AND WORKS: FRIARS GREEN TELEPHONE No. :357Y.

M..D. JUVENILE SUITS ) FROM M.C,D. • • NEW 249,, M.C.D. YOUTHS' SUITS ) FROM FASHIONABLE CUT. 4. 8/6 M.C.D. MEN'S SUITS 1 FROM M.C.D. • LATEST STYLES. 18/6 M.C.D. MC, D. ALL THE NEWEST STRIPES AND FANCY PATTERNS. M.C.D. M.C.D. THE M.C.D. BESPOKE DEPARTMENT. MEN'S SUITS TO MEASURE FROM M.C.D. MANCHESTER cLorni ING DEPOT, 8, AND io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUZE IN THE COUNTY. 100-.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' SAND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, iBB, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFC9L, YEAMts MAKER ANT: PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Weddint and Birthday Present!, School Prizes, k-c. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIO.I2OGitAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR ,STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S S (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) U,iN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE: had wholesale from SAM N. GREEN, MARKET; PLACE, WARRINGTON

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-ST/LENT, MANOHBSTIIR RatAblisherl 89 Years.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS f)F LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A BOON TO WOMANKIND. Tbey'are the best known Ilemedy for Ausemix, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression. Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9;d, Is lid, 2s 91. 41: 60, and Ils, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, Pr Lfrom the Proprietor. Only Address : 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W.

MANLY MEN Why suffe from 'pains and misery caused by rietvonsnes Premature Bxbaustion, and Wasting Weakness I' Send fo my book, which shows bow every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACII BIBUICINB or BLBOTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, nut ovnranteed genwi " I cannot find words to express nw ,nma..u& am. used to think I never would get curet. I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F. M." '' I nave carried out your instructions, and am now pee fectly Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. LEIGH. 92 and 9.3. Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Sendat once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Sneeeee

- The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnblltt. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists,l‘ Oantstet 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. . Wholesale by J. GBDIMIS AND SON. LTD WaRRINGTOb ESTABLISHRD 1833.

f-AN SALE, Splendid Clemeat-Panhard Voiturette, 4k h.p., k three speeds and reverie; sound condition.—WlN- -BTANLEr, Park Place, Warrington. rriYEE COVERS 88 6d, plated handlebars 3s, rim brakes 2s 6d, In; er tubes with valves 341 6d, price lists free.— EfoirrEGATE CYCLE Co., Northgate Mansions, Gloucester.

OYCLB TYRES re-rubbered 4s 9d, re-lined Is 6d, work- mansbip guaranteed. Inner tubes Dunlop values 3s 9d. GODDARD CYCLE MANUFACTURER, Fiebergate, Nottingham.

MOSELBY'S RUBBERS, guaranteed quality, practically vulcanised to linings 7s 64 ea,h, other makes 4s 64, 5s 6d. and 6s 64 each: send for Iist.—KEANS SRN!. 00vPntrV

MuTOR tA1.11.6k1 built With Unater. tan. B.d.A. or other fittings; Minerva. 11 h.p., £3B, 2t- h.p., £42 10s, with forecar cane basket ; Upholster; £55; forecar fitted to any motor cycle; list two starops.—AlTLEN, Frodshatn.

F"w—CYCLES—FRER. Cycles, Motors and Acces- sorise, direct from Factory to Rider, 3000 new cud second-head ni eel! aes notuelv in et ek, from 30s. eaC, B.S.A. and Radie's machines marv.iloas bargains la Awes- earies,,,. Free to any address, 80 page Oataklcorue Wkpleidale prices, Eye opener to ail. 50 per cent:, cheaperthan Merl Agents wanted—waluaLow & (10.. Wiston-suner-1101re.!

QHIGH-GRADB SATRTY for Sale; bargain ; new at Christmas; not soiled; free wheel, rim brake. silver-plated rims. Dunlop licensed tyres ; latest 1903 ; all accessories ; elegant machine; cash urgently required ; sacrifice £4 18s, the lot ; approval with pleasure; worth double.—K. GILL, Waveney-villa, Beach-road, Weston-super- Mare.

SLADE AND CO'S., SPECIALITY FOR 1903 SEASON. GENT'S CYCLE FREE WHEEL AND RIM BRAKE GUARANTEED TRRoyal:tom, FOR 12 MoNTRS TYRES IN- CLUDED. PRICE £7. DADYS 108. EXTRA. 57, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

M 0 T 0 R S. CLARENDON MOTOR CYCLES, 21, 21, AND 3 H.P. CLARENDON MOTOR CARS, MILLPOND TRAILERS AND FORE-CARS. JOHN MELBOURNE LTD., WILDIIRSPOOI, IRON WORKS, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 122.

•DO NOT SELECT YOUR MOTOR BICYCLE pleased to Engines. give any BEFORE INSPECTING OUR STOCK. New Models just in at " QUADRANT " MOTOR "TRIUMPH "" ROYAL ENFIELD "and all fitted with 2 Horse Power ss information if you will BICYCLES.yeshaII be lea ' . favour us with a call. ALSO LATEST PATTERNS of "LEA- CYCLES. FRANCIS." " TRIUMPFZ.' "ROYAL ENFIELD"" SUNBEAM" and "SPARK- BROOK" C YCLES. INSPECT OUR TEN QUINEA Machines (Lady's and Gents) Fitted with Dunlop T)res, Free Wheel and Two Rim. • Brakes ; Secondhand Bicycles droll& naCia. SASSY BAY- MUNI'S. LISTS FREE. A few shop soiled Machines now being offered at greatly reduced prices. HITCHINGS LIMITED, 74. BOLD-STREET. AND 165, DUKE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ICE! ICE ! ! ICE !! ! THE WARRINGTON PURE ICE CO. ARE PREPARED TO SUPPLY ARTIFICIAL ICE OF BTST QUALITY, IN LARGE OR SMALL QUANTITIES FACTORY: JOHN STREET, WARRINGTON.

PRov MONS. I.DSH B, I'ER. 10D AND 11D per lb. FINEST SELECTED EGGS. 16, 18 AND 20 a le. FINE V. BITE CEEESS, SD, 6D AND 7D per lb. PRIME sCOICH DUNLOP, 8I) per lb. SPhCIAL WHOLESALE TERMS TO SFIOPS, ETC. JOHN ASHLEY, EGG AND PROVISION MERCHANT, 61, SAN KEY STREET, LEGH STREET END.

1/otos, Pparos, Moartlinq 05ta b 5

QUARBORO.—CLARENCE BOARDING HOUSB, Popular kJ Tariff bs 6d to 6s 6d per day ; excellent table.—J. TATE, 10 Blenheim street.

CROMIIikt.—IMPBRIAL PHIVA.CH 1102 BL, terms strictly moderate, private apartments. Algal' House, without board, good furnished house, Broads district —CLARKE.

L&DIDIJDNO.—West End BOAHDING IiSTABLI3H- _LJ MBNT. Bright and homelike. Charmingly situated. Close to beach, pavilion and pier. Highly recommended. Moderate terms.—M B GUAGE,

DOUGLAS bMPIRE BOARDING HOUSH. Castle Mona Central Promenade; close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; tram passes door; terms ss. 6d. to 6m. per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

DOUGLAS.—YORK BOARDING HOUSH. Castle-terrace, Central Promenade ; boating and batting opposite door trams pass from steamers ; tariff 6s. per day inclu- sive ; late dinner.—Mrs. CHALMF.RS.

T. CLARKE, STFIONBLC AND NhWSAGRIST, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET. EARLESTOWN, GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY, FANCY GOODS, FIRE SCREENS, PURSES, ALBUMS Ac., PICTURE-FRAMING, BOOK-BINDING. AND PRINTING DONS TO ORDER AGENT FOR THU WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSVRANCE ISOCIETY.

ss. 3D. DRESS LENGTHS 53. 3D LADIES, DO NOT FAIL TO SHE OUR NEW SPRING. AND SUMMKR DRESS FABRICS, DONEGAL TWEEDS, ZIBBLINIIS, COSTUME CLOTHS, &C., itc, GOOD SELECTION OF BLOUSE FABRIC 3. PATTERNS POST FREE. OUR GOODS WILL GIVE EVERY SATISFACTION. DRESS SUPPLY COMPANY, 32, BACK LANE, BRAMLEY,-YORKS.

PICTURNSQUE NORTH WALBS.—Visitors to this deliithtful country will find every accommodation at The Cross Keys Hotel. Ho'Dyed. Terms very moderate. With or without board.—Proprietor: R ARKWRIGHT.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD all, BITTER ALES ILLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHBATLBY'S HOP BITTERS. WHBATLRY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES f rom B. CUNNINGHAM! wiNWICIC ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWRN STREET.

RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE, THIS DAY. ALL FURNITURE REDUCED IN PRICE. ALL FLOOR COVERINGS REDUCED IN PRICE. TURKEY CARPETS, GREAT BARGAINS. ALL FOREIGN CtRPETS, GREAT BARGAINS. WINTER CURTAINS, GREAT BARGAINS. CURTAIN MATERIALS, REDUCED TO LOW PRICES. A LL LACE CURTAINS AT REDUCED PRICES BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING AT REDUCED PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS IN HAN RSOME BEDROOM SUITES. ERY ARTICLE REDUCED IN PRICE, THIS DAY. AT RAY AND MILES' cLEARANCE SALE. THIS DAY TO MANCH 14. INCLUSIVE. RAY & MILES, 34 TO 48, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

LIDINBU fiGH.—ROBINSON'S Popular Tint PE RANCH _EA HOTHLS, 31, Lothian road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandwick Place, both near the famous Princess street. Bach Hotel under go-ahead Rockdale management.—Address RoBINSON, to the Lothian Road Hotel, and hIANAGEB to the Maitland Hotel.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HONE COM,oRTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BITSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABBRYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21- guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from 51. 'Dole d'H,44..0t 6.1,0 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

OOUTHPORT. HAYES'S. RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

NEW BRIGHTON INTENDING VISITORS TO ABOVE WOULD DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT WEBSTERS, CATERERS & REFRESHMENT CONTRACTORS, 13 AND 10, VICTORIA ROAD, (NEAR THE PIER). WHERE TERMS CAN BE ARRANGED TO SUIT ALL CLASEJ• SCHOOLS PARTIES, FACTORIES (LARGE OR SMALL) SPECIALLY CATERED FOR. PRIVATE APAIIIMENTS, WRITE AT ONCE FOR TERMS.

WHEN AT NEW BRIGHTON CALL AT BE RES FORD'S DINING ROOMS 24A VICTORIA ROAD 241 GOOD FOOD & MODERATE CHARGES A SPECIALITY. COMBINED WITH CLEANLINESS. PIC-NIC PARTIES CATERED FOR ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

THE THE 1 EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE , THE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE FURNISHING CO., THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THE C -on -M. MANCHESTER, Business THE . EMPIRE hours : • 9a.m: to 9 p.m. ; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE THIC p.m.; Wednesday 1 p.m. EMPIRE Why envy your neighbour's borne? "PI" THE THE We will make your home cosy enough EMP'",,,, with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE • THE on our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYNIENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intending Purchasers would do well to EMPIRE E TH THE EMPIRE INSPhCr OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPINE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO lCs. THE EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cirri pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down " by request "at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE Corner of Milton Street. THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purchaser, from districts where this THE EMPIRE (paper is circulated.) EMPIRE

, 1,, ipoix.' EINTEL ~. _ „ .--,..„ froitzfa,l f , You can neither make or buy a drink so healthful, so thirst quenching, so convenient, and so inexpensive. 4iii •111•••••••• V •`‘ . N .0 V if?, • , 2 GALLCINS4 I FLOUR • • /

4.5. PATRONISED ev ILYALTY, NOBILITY, ETC. S" UDY TRUE D-ONOINIY, AND FURNISH AT - •;::, • w 411 - V 4 _Established 1545. 41? MANCHESTER. ,4?. LARGEST, BEST, md CHEAPEST Stock at about lialf Usual Price ALMOST UNLIISI.ITED CHOICE. PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE elm- taming 800 Artistic Designs priced. Post Free. Cash Quotations Only. Elp Easy Payments 10 lee cent Extra.

pITTS's PKEiq,Ess HOUsgS OF FURITURE at 15i. 22i, 28,38.50. 75,100, 203, up to WU) guineas h ve been pronounced by practical people the PINNACLE" OF PERFUCTION at the price. Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, their beauty and value are apparent to casual Inspection, which closer examination and wear only aonfirtn Full particulars p a, free. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE (mostly seemd-band) for One Hundred Guineas, equal to what expenst%e city firms charge £260 for. EIGHT BOOldB,each containing requisite number of taateful,durable Articles. Space forhida details, but the Drawing-room is in lt,ch Tapestry.Dlning-room Leather,Sitting-room Saddlebags. F rat bedroom Amerbmn Walnut, Second Mahogany. Third t.s'atin Walnut, Fourth Decorated, Kitchen, Scullery, Hall. stairs, Landing Carpets, Itugs, Floorclotha. Unquestionably a marvellous bargain. -IDITTS'S FIFTEEN AND A HALF GUINEA _1 BARGAIN (NRW).—LIVING ROOM has strong Sofa or Couch, in Amer'can Leather, set of riles Chairs, pair of Rocking and Arm Chairs, substantial Square or Fall-leaf Table. Fender, Fireirons, Floorcloth. and rug. BEDROOBE 1, eludes pair of nicely Polished or Enamelled Toilets, with drawers, large swing glass, tile back &c,. two cane-seated Ct airs, Towel ERR, Toilet-set, full-sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, wool Overlay, Bolster, and two Pillows. C.rrpet or,Floorcloth, STAIRS AND LANDING fitted with Carpet Floorcloth, Stair Hooks and Eyes. Cocoa and Dare Ma's. Compare this with wool impassive City firms charge £35 for. PITT'S BASsINETTaz, MAIL CARTS, LAMPS, CHINA,GLASS HARTribIeitTARE, CYCLES, Trunks. Bags,Portmanteaus, Ad. DITTWS CARPETS & FLOOR COVERINGS.-- Grand Display. All British make, choicest designs, many exclusive. Laid and fitted free. SANIUEL PITTS, MANCHESTEIL LONDON ROAD (Ardwick and Longalglat Cars). OAYTHORN (all City Road Cars pass doors). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124.

. . nit t Z each. 4 kg, each. Auroiro;-... . 'LADY Goonw M. ..... eigars Are British-Made Cigars of excellent flavour, as good as any 3d. Cigar on the Market. (Seven for 11-) NOTE the Label, 'The Lado on the Horse.' AVISS BROS., LTD., COVENTRY.

..... - AGHNTS rl I Josepli Beswick, Horsemarket St., I WARRINGTON. IW. SHAW Jun. Top Locke, Runcorn. S. JHAvONS. 21, George St., St. Helene. B. OULSHA W , 38 Bur emu b St. Ormekirk. I AND OF ALL TOBACCONISTS.

&, PIOLASTEEL for Ladies. PILLS A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSEDINQ APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, An. Price 46.6 d. post free. Obtainable only from (-1 MARTIN, iFIEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

, . .vm , I RD S cusTAR DT A DAILY LUXURY! POWDER I BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure, Nutritious, and easily digested. Eggs often disagree; BIRD'S CUSTARD never. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It entrances their flavor and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECCS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!'

1F RAN K 5

82, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. Write for Catalogue on all 011 Itioor Sport., Post free. -,••• '7, . . CRICKET BATS.—A Full-size Seasoned Willow Blade, All Cane Handle, 4/6. Size 4, 3/6. Size 5,4/- Size 6, 4/3. Frank Sugg's Cricket Annual, 200 pages, 6 Photographs Yorkshire and Leading Players, Post free. 2d. "Running Outfits" a speciality.

FACTS ABOUT FAINTING. I—Do you suddenly feel dizzy and faint? 2—Are you afraid to cross crowded streets? 3—Does it distress you to run upstairs? 4—Are you afraid to go to public meetings? s—Have you pains in the back? These are all symptoms of Mr. Richard Wilson, of Stamford Bridge, Yorkshire. They prove that he suffered from Kidney Disease. Giddiness, dizziness, and faintness are symptoms of kidney disorder. They are set up by the irregularity of the circulation; the blood being a stream of poison which the kidneys ought to take out of the system. The cure of such symptoms is pure blood, and pure blood is secured by making the kidneys well. One sure way of making the kidneys well is by using Dodd's Kidney Pills. Mr. Wilson writes, after trying them "I have very great pleasure in recommending Dodd's Kidney Pills, which are a grand remedy for giddiness, pains in the back, and all kidney troubles." Price two and nine, from chemists, or the Dodd's Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Proceedings in England and Wales gazetted during tfie week ending June 20th,was 82. The number in the cor- responding week of last year was 86, showing a decrease of 4, being a net decrease in 1903, to date, of 65. Personal. Lieut. H. Lyon, 3rd Battalion the Prince of Wales's h9lunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) has resigned is commission.

N v•-- \ \ \ • ‘•\‘ s%w•A.w*N N • , \ Ft DO you DRINK LIME JUICE? . t _ eil -- -,1---------- -- _.. _ PURE UME-FRUITJUICE = _,_ t'7&nr, -...---=--_- :,-_..- 66 ..g.---1. _7_4 : 1 THEN DRINK THE BEST kg---- _,-, •„---- .

iCATALOfGUE;IS eaIs:a7BOOIItTLEdTS FREE rom , Warringtoq, T. Daintith, Bridge St. rewe, F. Wooldridge, High St. Kqutsford, J. Crice, Princes St. fnocriida, m ,Stubbsj. Riclikiaßrdngsoenr,slVinqa,rilitiegth sStt. 1 A litn:i

A Delic:oLey Redy MITCHELL'S BONELESS -'4111111161111111111W Pressed I • COOKED Crap' 7.*LY' Bacon .DAMTTT, TRYPTING, and READY TOR TABLE. From all Grocery, or a aunple 4 lbs.) direct carriage paid for 3s. ed. Poatal Order. MITCHELL% Ltd.. S. Victoria Street. Liverpool.

VPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING/ SCHO(IL FO Li BOYS. Fifteeu miles from Liverpool. REV. D S RENNARD. B.A.

‘ATARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Pyle, Black- pool ; excellent education ; happy home; sea and country air.—Principal, Miss ROGERSON.

TT NIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING ScHam. FOR BOYS. T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., 0.C.L., Principal.

kAIRRAVEN HIGH. SGiiOUL FOR GIRLS I. neat it. Annes-on-Sea Bracing poeition,seaside.extensive aCCOMM. nation High-class Modern Education. Staff includes liesiden., B.A. Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers lixams. successes. Principal: MISS MILLE N.

JjARROG-ATti.—TitINITY COLL 11G-tC.—lleart Master, Mr J P HUGHI4S, assisted by resident University Bien and visiting masters. Fine situ ttion. modern appliances, cricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming batb. gymnasium. Good results in all Ex4ininations.

AIR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificate, and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

WILCOX'3 POULTRY SPIOB pro iuces more eggs,keeps V 1" fowls healthy. prevents gapes and cramp in cnickens; tins 6d and is post free 8d and is 31. Try : Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 15s per cwt Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. WiLcox, Sandyford, Stone,Staffordshire.

apartments gurnfOlin 3Poiusts etc MRS. WARREN (from Middleton), 13, St. Alban's road, St. Annes. Homely Apartments. Piano.

DLACKPOOL.- Mrs. HART, Oxford House, 81, Ade'at J.e— strest.—Private and Public Apartments ; special terms for June.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARENIHNTS, near train and sea.—Mrs. PARKER, 35 Clarendon road, Lytham road, South. BLACKPOOL.—IIIt CHIPPENDALE, 29 Kent road, off Chapel street, two minutes' walk frpm Central Station and sea; piano.

S 0 UTH PO RT. —6 uperior APARTMENTS, full board from 58. to 65. per day. Week end, 12s. 6d.—Apply 45, DERBY-ROAD.

NI 0 Rn ic:aer A tram,.'ll 11 A train,P it R. T. nAlaiG N. eTaS with. —lra trha o rs TwAi Nt hs Fo Et LbDo a r 2d5 ; Ruston road.

VARM HOUSE Furnished. 5 bedrooms. 2 sitting rooms, 1. kitchen—Mrs. TYERSLAN, Ho hue Farm, Hinder well, R.S.O. Yorkshire.

A BIIKIFItAW, Angleseiy.—Furnished APAUTMENTS ; close to the sea; terms moderate.—Apply Airs OwErt, Wellington House.

II OYLAKE Health Resort.—Comfortable APARTMENTS—. near Promenade; terms moderate.—Mtss ()LARK, 16 Manor road, Hoylake. BLACKPOOL.--Catholic home with Mrs. Day, 4. May- bell-avenue; near church and sea; public and private APART MEN TS.

DRIDLINGTON SPA.—APA.HININST3 at the sea- -1-1 side. Address, Mrs BRAITHWAITE, Burlingto ii House, Promenade.

DLeWitrOOL —Uututurt.bt. aelutrti ak,era, near Taiboc _LI road Station and sea; Piano.—Ma. GRICE (from bt Helene), 27 General street. pLACKPOOL.—Superior APARTHRNTS, with or with- out board; near sea, stations and amusements,— PALMER. 93, Albert-road.

CILIWNL,RY'S. -Dire. uIitADWICK. Rochdale House. 13, k._/ Nutter road ; comfortable ,aPA.tt lniNN CS ; close to tram and sea; both; piano.

BLAUKPOOL,—Comfortable apartments to let Hear Talbot road station and sea. Piano. Terms mod,,rate.-- MYERscotros, 43, High street.

DLACKPOOL—Best and Cheapest APARTAIHNTS public or private, at Mrs T. MOI3ELEY.S, 96 Albert road. Near Sea and Central Station. Piano.

APAWENINNTS.—St. Annes-ou-the-Sea, Misses FIELDEN (from Todmorden), 76 Hastnor House, St. Andrews road South. near Station and Sea.

I-- SI) OF MAN—APARrRN IPS suit invaid, garden U YI grounds. mountain. sea, glen, 3 guiueas a week.—NURSE DOYLE, Barregarrow,

ISLE OF MAN—CONVALESCENT HOME, near Station JL mountain, sea. glen, garden, 2 guineas week .—NuRsE a. DOME, Homelands, 13a

flOUGLA.S.—Hartwoob's Richmond House, 8, Hmpire Terrace, Central Promenade : Apartments, with or without board : terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL.—Nice APARTSINNTS, very central; nesr the sea, North Pier, Tower anu ,Gardens.—MlLLS, Stanley House, 150 Church street.

'IOM I. ORTABLE Country Quarters. District recommended VI by the Medical Profession —Particulars Mrs Antiwits, East Garston, Lambourne Valley.

MORECAMBEL W H.—APARTMKNn, with or without Boarsi ; pleasantly situated ; close to Prommade.— Mrs A 0 SMITH, 12. Alexandra road.

BRIGHTON.—Lady's rtouse Furnish.d, excellent position £2. Shops and Villas £26 to £9s—Youttet HOLBECK AND SADLPR, Auctioneers. Brighton.

NOUTH WA.LBS.—FUtiNISHED HOUSbiS to Let or Sell apartments or board recommended. —BRACKSToNE AND 110., House agents, Colwyn Bay.

FURNISHRD APARTAIRNTS, Close to Rail, Telegraph Sea and Post.—WYyNE. Strands House, Green Road Station, Near IlliHorn, Cumberland.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs LF:AvER, 13, Blundell street, off I) Prinees street, near IF...mils!' Hotel, near Promenade. Comfortable APARTMBNTS. Plano.

JOPLACKPOOL—Furnished APARTMTCNTS, with attend 11 ance. near Sea. Stations, Tram : Terms moderate.— Mrs. RUTHVEN, 39, Devonshire Road.

BLACKPOM (Central).-61rs WRIGHT. 25, Palatine road. Pleasantly situated close to atnusementa and sea; bath, piano. Cyclists' accommodation.

DLACKPOOL. —Publics and private APARTBIIINTS over- loJking Winter Gardens. piano.—Mrs. J. ANDREW (late of Littlemosc), 45 Adelaide street.

DOUGLAS.—Comfortable APANTMIINTS, with or with- out board ; mod-rate terms,—Mrs CORKILL, 31 Murray s road (three minutes feom Shore).

ATISS MALONN Nuttall. Ramsbottom, Lancashire, has ..LT_IL Sitting and two Bedrooms to let ; terms moderate ; healthy district, amidst beautiful scenery.

BLANRAU FiIITINIOG, North Wales.—Parlour, two bedroom ; mountaineering: fishing. —l2, BRYN BOWYDD, Blaneim Festiniog. Splendi4 view,

ILANDUDNO.—Superior APARTUHNTS ; sea view; 1J minute from shore ; board if required.—Misees DORAN AND TIPPER. Heald House, Mos+ yn Avenue.

/10LWYN pleasantly situated N. I near woods and sea; five minutes from station.— Misses BilosußENT. Ravenswood, libiw road.

1 AKB DISTRICT.—List of Furnished and Unfurnished 1.1 HOUSBS. free on application ; all information gratis. --J. MeanLAMY, douse Agent. Windermere.

ir"QUAY.—Rughoinie, Belgravia. Furnished APART- MIMI'S. Goad cooking and attendance. Bath (h.c.) Sanitary certificate. Closa to sea, station, eta.

DRAUMARLI. ANGLESHY.—CONIFORTABLEi APART- MENTS. in nicely furnished schoolhouse ; large airy rooms; terms moderate.—Apply A. ROBESTS.

SCARBOROUGII.. North OIiff.—APARTMRNTS, Splendid uninterruptediront ; sea view ; special terms to 14th of July.—Mrs. BLAKE, 125. Queea's Parade. Stamp.

LACKPOOL.—Mrs Uttley, 94, Albert road. Reasonable APARTMIINTd. public or private, clean and homely; near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

PTtßSTATYlC—Oomfortable Private APARTMRNTS ; house ueautifully situated near station and shore ; terms moderate.—Mre. BRADSHAW, South View.

APARTMENN.—Bitting-room, and three Bedroom s Bathroom. w.c.. terms moderate.—MßS. KILPATRICK. Mona Villa, Trefriw Terrace, Trefriw. North Wales.

BBRYSTIVITH.—Comfortable APARTNIBNTS. well 11 recommended; three minutes from station and five from promenade.—r. JONES, Arfryn. Buarth road.

TSLH OF MAN.—Mrs. 3. GREEN, Forest View, Union Mills.—Comfortable Country APARTMENTS, near Douglas,two minutes from railway station. Terms moderate.

pLACKPOOL.--Mrs. OROBB. Argyle House. 92. Hornby. road. near Central station eine( sea; public and private APARTMHNLS, with or without board; strictly moderate terms.

BLACKPOOL.-APARTMENTS with or without board; piano; near stations, sea, Tower, Alhambra, Grand, Winter Gardens and Hippodrome.— 4rs J WORTHINGTON, 4, Alfred street.

DLACKPOOL.—MRS. J. BRA.O6I4AW, from Walluieu Ii late Haderoft and Higson, 61 Coronation street; com- fortable apartments, with or without board.—Terms moderate; piano.

-PPLACKPOOL.—MRS. HEYWOOD, 18. RIGBY noAD, off ii Tyldeslev road, near Manchester Hotel. Comfort- able APARTMENTS, public and private. Piano, Terms moderate. Sea view.

BHNLLACKBAY, Tyn :Gough. Anglesey.—Apartments to let on the beach. Two sitting rooms five bedrooms. Piano, Good bathing. cooking and attendance. Apply Mrs. PETERS, Graig Don.

T)LACKPOOL,—Mr!. Bows. 17. Wellington-terrace, 1) Promenade Apartments, Bedroom, public sitting room, cooking, and attendance for two persons, 2s 6d per day. Boarders 58 6d day. Piano.

ANGLESBY.—A.PARTMENTS : two sitting, four bed- rooms; for June and until July 7; after that date, one Sitting and Double-Bedded Room.—WILLIA.3ts, Gorphwysfa, Llangoed. Bemornatis.

ILANDUDNO.—Mrs W R EMBRY, Strathmore, Mostyn Avenue, Craig-y-Don. One minute from the bay. Pleasant situation. ComfortablN homely Apartments, Good cooking and attendance. Inquiriea solicited. RAMSBY, ISLE OF MAN.—Armadale House. Mooragh L Promenade. PRIVATE APARTMENTS, board if required. Bathing and boating from the door. Close to lake and golf links.— Mn. McConmicx, Proprietress.

BLACKPOOL.-4, delightful holiday at the seaside with home eomtnr s. reasonable charges, can be had to perfection by staving With MRS DUCK WORTH 26, Vance road, near Central Station.—Terms 2s per day,for two persons. A BERYSTWYTH.—Pro bono publico. A Gentlewoman /1 recommends gratis HOUSES and APARTMENTS. Furnished and Unfurnished with sea and mountain air.— Miss WRIGHT. Belle Vista, Aberystwyth.

910 LIT.—COM PORTABLE well furnished APARTIL -NTS IL in Farmhouse, notoriously healthy and most beautiful spot in Anglesey, 2 miles from Railway Station, and five minutes walk from windy beach; three rooms and kitchens ground floor. 4 bedrooms, stabling ; terms moderate.—Apply R. 3 STANLEY CRESCENT, Holyhead.

riIOBACOONISTS TO BE DISPOSHD OF. 270 all, Rent 1 9s. clear. Apply 266, QUEENS ROAD, Miles Flatting, Manchester.

HAIRDRESSER'S BUSINESS FOR SALE, low rent ,main thoroughfare ; good 2onnection ; cheap to immediate buyer; ill-health cause.—ALcocx, Church street. Burnley.

LIRIIID FISH AND CHIP POTATO BUSINESS TO BE 12 SOLO. Potato washer and peeler, doing goo,l business, good reason for leaving.—Apply after 6 p.m, 28 FENNEL STREET, Warrington. L-10R SALE FIRST CLASS CONFECTIONERY THA- I: ROOM BUSINESS; Wine Licence attached ;ICentraly Situated. Splendid Bininei,, Oven Fixtures and Stock at Valuation—also nice compact Chip and Fish Business rent 4s. 101. Excellent Living Accommodation, doing Steady Trade Large Manufacturing centre.—TRRELFALL Business Transfer Agent, Pa.diham Road. Burnley.

HOUSE FURNISHING BUSINESS, well known 10 miles round, well equipped, window show of 481 t. wide, in the heart of the town very large show rooms, all modern saleable stock at valuation about £l,OOO . will accept half cash and rest sesured to immediate customer ; yearly turn- over about £3,C00 ; rent £130; also smart Cabinet Works (cheap), with machinery and sheds, stable, hbuse.—Full particula i's and to view, 40 MARKET STREET, Wigan. 300r5e5 etarrtagrO Eibe gl,torit &c• • •

()N SALK, 100 COLLARS, all sizes; 12 sets of Harness; 6 sets Van and Cart Harness.—W. CULsHAW, 3. Copy Nook, Blackburn.

rro BR SOLD. LIGHT LURRY. 11 cwt„ stiff ()art, two L se Ls Cart Gears, good condition. —Apply evenings, to T. R, KERRY, Sydney villa, Hough green.

QUA.RT TURNOUT. —GEM MAW 14 hands, 6 years winner at show : brass-mounted Harness, pract,cally new; Liverpool Gig (new), rubber tyred, comolete with rubber mats; no dealers. —Apply WALTER TAYLOR, Western Hotel, Moss SW°, Manchester.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £6 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 27 CATHERILIE STREET, 4s. 3d., per week. 15 PIERPOINT STREET, 4s. Od., per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War, rington. Telephone—No 55. TO BR LET OR SOLD.—PENKETILnear WARRINGTON 1 —The oid Penketh CABINET WO . witn near and other buildings, suitable for manufacturing purposes.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE., 1, Bank-stre9t. Warrington. PENKETH.—Semi-detached Residence, •• East Bank, Hall Nook, Penketh ; 3 entertaining rooms, bath, etc., large garden, rent £4o.—Apply, Mr R LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank street, Warrington. Telephone No. 55. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON (Market-gate end).— Large Rooms,on first floor with office on ground floor if required ; rent £2s.—Apply Mr. ROBERT Lowx, estate agent, 1, Bank street, Warringtm. TVY LODGE FROGHALL-LANE, Warrington, to be let good family residence, with stabling, itc, rent £45. Apply Mr. H. LOWE, estate agent, 1, E4nk street, War- rington.

UMPTY SHOP, main. near London; fixtures. Full par- -12/ ticulars, stamp;-26, KINGSLEY TERRACE, Barlafiell Wandsworth.

To LET.—HOUSH off BBWSI4Y-ROAD, rent 4% 6d; _L bedrooms,—Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Horse market street, warrington.

QHOP and D WHLLING with workroom, suit milliner Ac. , Li in Beweey street. adjoining tailor, grocer, hosiery, hardware, &G.—Apply SKELLIND,63a, Bewsey it Warrington.

TO LHT, STABLE and COACHEIOUSH. witb lofts over J large yardrattaebed off Tanners Lane.—Appiy Woons & SonSolieltors. 55, Horsemarketstree Warrington.

HIGH. LANCASHIRB.—To be Let, from February 1904, .I_3 Bedford Hall Farm.containing 57 acres, good house end buildings ; also from Novembar. 1903, nine acres of grass hod adjoining same.—For particulars apply SMITHS, GORE CO , Old Bank Buildings, Chester.

PEI.I3Y. 12 miles from London, rapidly increasing dis- trict, LARGE SHOPS TO BE LET opposite electric tram terminus. First class opening for stweral trades. Good living accommodation.—For particulars apply, Box- RIDGE ESTATE OFFicE, Brighton road. Purley, Surrey.

rro LET, No 4, BEWSEY PLACE, immediate possession, J. containing four bedrooms and dressing room on the second floor, bath, hot and cold water, also hot and cold shower bath and w.c. Ihe fixtures throughout are of mahogany, and consist of wardrobes, book case. cupboards, Am—Apply to JAMES BOLTON, Accountant, Sankey street, or to No, wsov place.

SKIN DISEASES Cured by VITA D ATM 14, Caeignethan Gardens. Partick. Glasgow, January 16th, 1902. Dear Sir.—l have much pleasure in expressing rny thanks for the benefit derived fr)rn this wonderful medicine VITADATIO, and can safely say it has proved a cure for the Eczema Riled on my hands and face. I would recommend all who suffer from Eczema to try VITADATIO. I "Jvaß cured about a year ago and have not been troubled with the disease since. Yours faithfully, H. G. GOYNd. From all Chemists and Grocers The price of Medicine is Is. 6d. and 2s. 9d. per bottle. For further particulars, S. A. PALMER. MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET, MANCHESTER. Correspondence Invited, Write for Testimonials. OBTAINABLE LOCALLY FROM BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS.

VOUCHERS FOR SALE, diamond hoop and marquise V rings.— CHARCOT, 48 Haymarket. London. GRAND MATCH BATS 3s 6d each, shop soiled. unused Ld worth double. 789. Old Kent road. London

SILK.— Dress Lengths Black bilk, pledged, sacrifice voucher 55—HAM3IOND, 10, Cambridge Road. London E. B&TS, all cane handles, men's, 35 6d each Stock soiled.—'lB6, OLD K&NT ROAD, London.

EILOUR ciWERPINGS, 2s 3d cwt. ; Bread Fhur sweep- IL: Inge, 3s 6d cwt.— MARTIN, 64 Fowerscroft road, London, N.B. CONSUMPTIVES desiring cure write to cured consump- tive. Enclose six stamps.—Rev F W STEELE,l9.Alexandra rd. Burton-on-Trent.

PINTING.-1,000 business cards, memos, billheads,4s 9d; 5,000 handbills is 3d post free.—PRINTER, 26a, Bentley road, Daleton, London. DRESSING CASES, ladies' and gents'' useful fittings, 7s 6d, worth 158.—Mr. JA.RVIS 6 Retreat Place, Hackney, London, N.E.

Vs:Mt SALE, Letters Patent of Porti,ble THAW HBARTI{ If Reason for selling.—health. Particulars, SIMPSON , I, :•efton Avenue, Burnley -)ALD ? Bend for Itu-bon, positive bair renewer, post .1) free is 6d; guaranteed.—G. B. KNIGHT, 345 Grove Green road, Leyton.tone.

CIA.ULIFLOWER PLANTS, Eclipse. Earliest in cultiva— k.i tion, is 2d .100. Veitch's, 9,1, Brussels, Bd.—SAVILLE Foxescrown Pottoa. Beds. /1100THAOHE SMART ESSEN—OE, certain cure, stop d.cay, full directions, P.O. is. lid. SMART, dentist Fearnhead, Nr. Warrington.

SPFCIAL PURCHASR.-100 doz. Ladies' Plain or Ribbed Black Cashmere Hose; 2 pairs 2s 3d on appioval.— COATES, Park Road, Liverpool.

OLARKK'S WONDERFUL LIVER PILLS. Try them; kJ of the Inventor only; avoid irnitationa.-50,Lmagsm STREET. Stockwell. is ltd, 29 md.

AKH your own PL, eowder., and keep your pigs beaithy and growing; genuine recipe. 2s 6d, post free. —JOSEPH WILSON, Milton, Cambridge.

rords"Hdh eCa pl oetpti u eF in Trade. Jewellery,tagu e Bazaar ree BERRIDGE AND CO. (102), Birmingham.

112LEGANT GOWNS, Cloaks, Millinery. &e. ; titled ladies' _EI turn-offs and misfits. Private house.-9, STANwicK ROAD. West Kensington. Hours. 11 to 4.

VOR SALE, fine old Hopf-model VIOLIN, accessories, and a.: brass fitted case. Sacrifice for 16s 6d the lot Approval Deposit.-08.1.BTREE, Gowt'a Bridge, Lincoln.

E 3 10S. PORTABLE HARKONIUMB in solid walnut cases for seaside and open air work.— HARLANDS, 76 East road, Roxton, London.

EA-IB AXLR GREASH for Car:-s. Carriages, em. Try a tin.2s 61 or 5s each. Black Varnish.ls 4d per gallon.— Geo. PEARSON Lansiowne Road, Crumpsall. - ----- A NOTHER useful Novelty just arrived,the Edison Pocket II Electric Plash Lamp, 2s 3d, post free. Recharges Is, each—Ewen/ea AGENCY, Canterbury, Kent.

ADIES' Combings, mounted, Is oz., plain; specialist in 1.4 invisible coverings for bald places.—lend for pal ticulars. —Mrs GILEs. 152 Elomfield terrace, Paddington.

BAZAARS supplied, send El for sample cue, Goods UM. can be returned and money refunded if not satis- factory.—BAZAAß SITPPLY AB9OCIATION, Bedford.

ri IENNIS RACQI.TRPS.—CIearIng,ISO New, but shop-soiled, full-sized Racquets, struut with linglish gut, 4s 3d. eh, post free.—AßßoTT, 13 Green street, Wycombe.

LII_RIND PIPE ORGAN °ROI-MD:LION ; plaT s 32 tunes. cost £llO ; price to clear £lO ; suit any public room, photo on application —4O, Ms.RKET STREET, Wigan. WOODS' CHAMPION CORN CURE qui,...kly removes corns and warts. Box- s 7d and Is. post free, agents wanted.—WoOD AND Co., 99 Renfew street, Glasgow. fiI_ARDEN TOOLS, the very thing you want, the bandy gardening set consisting of rake, trowel and fork Is free.—lsozotolsoEDx SToRES, 1 South street, Deal, Kent.

CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop PITTINkii, every variety Champion Rangers. Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 100 page List free—MAXIM'S. Poland-street, Manchester.

ECZEMA, Acne, Bad Legs and every kind of Skin Dts- ease cured by Pnor. CnosswArrE. 76, Kirkstall road, Leeds. The most successful Skin Si.ecialiat in isugland. Advice free.

2/6 ;'enßglithAsTAreLmLn'a'ntßsartaciens, Pcabrecaepls,goassortpeadir blouse s given all orders received daturday.—laßms AS4OCIA- TION, Rushden.

E'OVSPBRA.NTO, Internmional Auxiliaryll easily lentrned, , Student's Text- Book, le Bd,twelve Bxercises Is 2d,Short Grammer Vocabulary l * 3d.—ESPERANTO. 40, Outer Temple, B C. BLACKPOOL.—To Sell, two nice little Country COTT GBS ; freehold; semi-detached; close to trams; six per cent; highly decorated.—Apply, 27, JoirmsoN ROAD, Marton. near Blackpool.

VVALL—PAPRRS FROM ltn, PEOR ROLL. any quan- tity, large or small, at Wholesale ?rices. Stock exceeds 100,000 rolls, all elasves. —BARNETT, Campfleld- avenue, Liverpool-road. Manchester.

VIVB THOUSAND expanding BRAOHLHIS, 16ct g01c- .1.! plated, to be Sold. New and stylish ; fit any wrist. For specimen send P.O. or stamps 2s to Wholesale Agent, 16, DenmarK road. West Haling. London.'

VBTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football (*oat Nets, .11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THomAs JOHNSON'., Net Warehouse Corporetion-street. Manchester. BPAIR YOUR BOOTS for Id.—Graham's Leather Boot lig Repairers, neat, silent.non-slipping.xnd self-flxing id. per card. Of Oilmen, Ironmongers, and Leather-sellers. Agents wanted.—W.GßAHem 8: Co.. Tottenham.

DUELE COD-LIVER OIL, warranted pure, direct from manufacturer, Bottles containing pint bud half 2s, carriage paid. Special quotations for qus.atities.—R. Cot.- BRIDGE, Cod-Liver Oil King, Works,Stanley street,Grimsby. Escablised 1884.

HRIIMATOID ARTHRITIS and Rheumatic Gout speedily cured by marvellous new discovery. Splendid results. Moderate Cost BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist, "Ivanhoe." Queenswood road, Birmingham . Advice and testimonials free.

LITERILITY in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. An Illustrated Edition, by a late Seniore Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s 8d.— London: SHELLEY & CO., LTD, 38, Graeeohurch-street. -I AND to be Sold, for Works, on the banks of the itor:11- _I/ dale Canal Newton Heath, lt miles trona the Ex- change, on chief reat for 999 years ; also Land for the erection of cottages.—Apply to Mr. J. E&RXBIII.W, estate offices, 78. King street. Manchester.

PANNRD GARDEN NETTING.—Proteet your Peas, J- Seeds and Buds from frost. blight and ravage of birds ; Nets oihd and dressed, 36 square yards is; can be sent any width or len2tb, carriage paid on orders over 68.—HENRY ROBINSON, Garden Net Works. Rye, Sussex.

QLOVIIS.—Send for our perfect fitting 4 button kid or suede gloves at Is lid post free, 6 pairs for 10s 3d, We specially recommend our renowned real Grenoble kid glove at 2s 5d ; 2 domes ; price list free.—TßE UNIVERSAL GLOVE Co„ 8, Gt Portland street Oxford street, London, IV,

DBATH-D HALING • BLA.TOL ' exterminates Beetles, Clear your house of these noxious pests by using 'Blatol.' It destroys them root and branch without fail. No offensive smell, no failures. A perfectly safe destructor. Post free Bd.—BLATOL WORKS Co., Tunbridge Wells.

NOTION.—Toilet. Medical, Domestic, Veterinary. and Miscellaneous recipes. well-tried and practical formulas, with full instructions,r,offered by a scientific chemist. State wants, and post Is ; 2 or more recipes, 9d ear:h.—Dion F.B, Ph. C.. M:P.S., Consulting and Lnalytical Chemist, Hand s- worth, Staffs.

WS HY B GIME ? Why look old? The liureaa Hair Restorer restores hair to its original colour, does not stain the skin, is simple and pleasant to use, on receipt of stamps or P.O.'s for Is we forward large bottle, carriage paid, In plain box.—The FRENCH CO., 5 Mitcham road, Tooting, S.W. U AMES, DO YOU KNOW that for 2s 61 we will send IA you a pair of corsets, made from good quill ty cloth. boned real whaleboue and watch spring steels, long or short waist, black or grey, sizes 18 to 31 inches ; money returned if not satisfactory ; cataloguespost free.—W N.A.YLoR AND Co , Spring Hill, Birmingham.

DYBING at Home. The FRENCH CLEANING and DYEING Co.. Broadway, Tooting S. W., are sending out prepared Dyes,by which goods can be simply and suecessfu!ly dyed at home. Sufficient to "lye lady's costume or gent's suit sent with instructions on reccipt of Is P.O. Navies and black give special satisfaction.

A DVIIRTIMIRNT SALE at DENY DALES DRAPERY .1.1 STORES. 35 Craven street, Strand, London, Dent.Rlo, of their well-known goods at nearly and less than half usual prices will be finished very shortly. Thousands unsolicited testimonials. Money refunded if not satisfied. Don't miss last chance. Lovely presents given away. Convince your- self, send 10d stamps and postage for 6 of our 3d fancy handkerchiefs with lovely freellB carat gold cased brooch.

HAY AND CORN SEIRDS.—SteeI and Iron Sheds 62 x 241 t. 17ft to eaves, partly enclosed. Price deli vered erected £9O cash. or 3 yearly payments of £33. Other sizes in propo-tion. Fire-proof, storm-proof. practically Indestructible. Thousands in use. Save their cost to farmers in very few years. Lighter Shed £Bo.—lslec DIXON AND Co., Windsor Ironworks, Rdgehill, Liverpool.

lb-10R SAUL—Extracts from the • • Flying Roll," the best 1 Book in the World for all seeking truth. It states the cause of evil, bow it began, how It must end ; truth only ; no traditions of men. Sermons I, 11, 111, is. .ach : post— age extra, one sermon 3d., the three bd —B. Dossos, 5 Bridge street. Runcorn.

FOR FEMALES during change of life do not worry, but send at once for quick and speedy cure ; post free for 28. 6d.—Monais, 26 Safford. Blackburn.

A NGLBR'S VALUABLS ATTRACTION, post free is. id. ..1. Grand catches Roach, Perch, etc. Hundreds testi- monials.—WiLsox, 70, Brunswick street, Nelson.

y ADIBS DAINTY HATS +UAW for Blouses and Dresee new Spring colourings, 4.; yard. Carriage paid Patterns frea.—DRESS WAREHOUSE (093) Darlington.

WA.TBR CASK.—AII sizes and shapes, in splendid con— dition, at low prices.—Apply GILBERT AND JOHN GREENALL Ltd, Distillery, Bridge street, Warrington

1.0/6 fEattS2C„lottil wearer, BOOTS. r teA;Eo3.rd tA) Illustrated me4sl7artea 1 ofrom e and simple self-measurement torm.—Haiuus'e BEsPoicE Boca FACTORY, Ketterig,g.

I&DIES' DHICSS LIiNGTHS. 3s. lid, carriage paid, 1.1 Snowflakes, Zibelines, Tweeds. Poplins. e.rmures, Alpacas, Cashmeres, &c., patterns free.—PE ARSON'S DRESS WAREHOUSE, Leeds.

OARRIAGHS.-100 new and second-hand, of every dis- kJ cription, at lowest prices.—GlßANT, carriage builder, 259, Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester. Established 1870

ÜBMALB PILLS for all irregularities; no distressing symptoms ; quick and effective; quite harmless ; free trom poison • send at once; 2s 6d per boa.—Mouals, 28, Salford. Blackburn.

rptus BYBS.—To remove all Inflamation, iSticainess after I_ sleep ; produce Growth of ifyelashes ; Beautify and pre- serve. Send particulars to H„ 80, Beeston—hill, Leeds. S.tisfaction guaranteed'

A lITIFICIAL LIMB 3, Surgical Appliances tor Weak and tt Crooke.t Legs, Surgie4l Boots, te, Prieos far below those of other makers. —foxnaiNGTax & Sog, Wigan. Established over 60 years.

y 00K 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLlJOrigiti sewn-- 1J very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free !or 56 6d per pair ; money returned if not approved of,—H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

1510ZYMA..—" D. WILSON'S HOZUMA. CURB" gives .LA immediate relief and speedily cures torturous skin diseases, ulcerated sores. Jars 1.. W., treble 2.. 9d.— Principal chemiets Ot DR WILSON'S AGENCY. 20. Fordham street, Liverpool.

TO BE SOI D.—Faruwortu, near Widnes.—The extensive I. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lan, with siding to the railway. buicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. 7:LOWING, 16 Fenwiok-street, Liverpool.

jAM BS P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, Established 1875. 29, RA NELAU-H-STREET, LIVERPOOL

iflacbutern, etc. ,s 3 RNGINRS, Robinson's "HR " Gas Rngines are Or reliable and easy to put down. —ROBINSON, Great Bridgewater Street. Manchester.

GIOR SALlL—Second-hanl VIMICAL BONARS, good. U condition ;3h p. 233;5 h,p £25;3 h.p. £3o.—Full par- ticulars, LANCELEY'B, Chester.

FCR SA.I,II.—CORNISH ROlLfift, with mountings in good condition ; IPngth 18ft., diameter sft. Price and particulars.—LANCELEY's. Chester,

AXACHINHRY REIPAIRS TCHNING, PLANING .111. PUNCHING. general and builders smithwork W.I palisades and Butrance Gates. estimates free.—Apply C. Corms, Scotland road, Warrington.

pATRNTS Obtained °ally. Provisioual protection, 40s inclusive. Noted for moderate charges. Special quota- tions for foreign p,tents. Write f)r price iist free by post —BROMHEAD AND no., Licensed and Registered Patent Agents, 33, Cannon-street, London.

GOOD SWINGING CBANS, complete, good order, cost £100: lift 5 tons ; sell very cheap ; room wanted. Also 5 feet 2 in Vertical Boiler, good order.insure at 50 or 60Ih. pressure. Picksley gimms Steam Hay Cutter, cost £2O for £4. Horizontal Engine, 3or 4 horse, good order, for £4, One Hundred Brass Cups all sizes for TrapP, Carts, Lorries ; clarap.—GALw4Y. 18, Waterloo street, St. Helens.

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LI MI l.' 413 (late Or merod, Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel, Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns Lelooging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS. Millwright,a.nd all kir de of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguee of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grlerson. Manchester."

PATENT °FPI° 11- la A.NCHESTE NOTABLISIIED n% 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal expariencein connection with this Establish- ment. and pos sem s praetina 1 kno wiedme of the cotton,woolien and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, & SON, F.T.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, NIANCHESTBR.

FOR EVER( GARDEN. SOW NOW GARbEN PEAS. • No Culinary Vegetable has been so much improved in recent years in quality, produce, and strong, sturdy dwarf habit, so much needed in this district, where Pea Stakes are so scarce. The following are all sorts of great merit which we can commend for general culture (hand-picked English Seeds of the best quality), viz. :—Chelsea Gem. lift. ; English Wonder. Ilft. ; Dwarf Telephone, 2ft.; William Hurst, laft. ; The. Sherwood, Ift. ; Daisy, 2ft. ; Juno, 2ft. 6 Pints.arranged to crop in succession, our selection, for 4/6. GARDEN BEANS (remarkable for delicate flavour and great crop).— Nonpariel Green Longood, and Improved Green Windsor ; much superior to the old white sorts. _ . rya—. LETTUCE.—Satisfaction Cabbage, and Lancashire Giant Cos. Finest quality, large, and remain long fit for use. BEET. Carrots, Onions, Parsley, Radishes, ac. all in the most perfect varieties. Full information in our plain and Practtcal List post free, from K C 2 ER & I.7ONS' CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 666, CENTRAL.

-- SHOPPING BY POST SAVES YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Send to day for Patterns and Self-measurement forms of WONDERFUL SUITS (Serges & Tweeds) made to measure at 95/. 17s. 6d., 21s. 6d., and 255. 6d. BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. No risk. Fit guaranteed. Money returned if not as adyer tired. We pay carriage to your door. EDWARD GROVE, 37-41 Lower Marsh, LONDON, S.E. Established 70 years.

TER NEW BOOK.---JUST OUT- pRACTICAL BUTCHERING: 110 W TO MAKE IT PAY." By a Family Butcher. HANDSOMELY Bound. Profusely Illustrated. Laugh- able, Grave, and Gay- Showing, among many other things, Up-to-date Shop Froits, Pay Offices. Refrigerators. Cattle of all descriplions, Information, and various Recipes An interestir g narrative extending over a 30 years' experi- ence. Should he obtained by one and all, and saved as a Book of reference. Post paid, 2s 9d. Author and Publisher, W. H. MAJOR, 25, Connaught road, Folkestone, Kent.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS ! LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENT LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICK HIPRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN HAL AN HOUR FROM S. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY AND OPPOSITE CONSTANTIM'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET, MANCTIESTRR.

VI DUNS, BOW AND CASES AIANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYRON!, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. Pupil of G. A. Cbanot) 57, RENSIIAW(-STREET (corner of Benson-street), " LIVERPOOL.

73, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. ‘. FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND HORSES INN." './lIS ESTABLISHMENT is OPEN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 O'CLOCK FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONICLKS, ALL ()num NEWSPAPER PERIODICALS, MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in the Warrington Country Postal District can be supplied by the first early post with any of the above Newspapers by sending their orders to the above address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF JOHN ALLEN, LATE OF CHADWICK'S, SCOTLAND-ROAD.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG. HOLLAND. MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP ETC. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market change WRITE FOR MY GREAT MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particularsladdress as above.

BE SMART. BE CLEAN. WE DYE OR DRY-CLEAN DRESSES, SUITS, CURTAINS, DRAPERIES, &C. AT SMALL COST AND DO THEM WELL. GOODS RETURNED (CARRIAGE PAID) IN A FEW DAYS. WRITE FOR PRICE AND COLOUR LIST. DEPT. X, GREENLIALGR'S, LTD., DYERS, BURNLEY.

GARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE BEST. Awaded aiChaeapion Prize of £25 in addition to other leading FIRST PRIZES in 1901. Price 1/- per lb. ; 105/- rer cwt CARRIAGE PAID [A 5 PER :CENT. ;DISCOUNT FOR EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, G Ayr V V ALTON " BICYCLE £lO 10s. THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER,FROM-B.S.A. FITTINGS. ANY TYRES. VV. H. IRELAND & CO WALTON CYCLE WORKS,

GREAT SANKEY, NEAR ARRINGTON. SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR INVALIDS. MALT EXTRACT WITH COD LIVER OIL (BARLEYCORN BRAND) Is an exceedingly nutritious fool, furnishing a large amount of nourishment in a email space, and at the same time supplying fat and assist- ing the digestion of other foo.ls. On this account it is specially suitable for invalids, delicate persons and weakly children. The malt extract is made in vacuo from the best malted barley. Prepared in this way it is far more valuable than when fermented. Large bottles, containing as much as would be charged 6s. or more for by other leading makers, are sold by ROOTS CASH CHEMISTS 01. FOR IS. 402 D. Smaller nottles, "3s. 9d. size for Is. Trial bottle, 2s. size, 80. LOCAL ADDRESSES 126, BRIDGE STREET, W 5, BRIDGE STREET, ARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No* 120. THE SPOT SHOP, FISH MARKE r, WARRINGTON. IFORIUSEFUL ARTICLESWOR XMAS. FOR BEST VALUk. IN EVERYTHING. GO TO

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDBB 1710. • FUNDS IN HAND £2,278,640, For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere tk Son Bridge-et Messrs. Woods & Son. Commercial Chambers 65, Borsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Whey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe.l, EiAnk—street

THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT LOWE'S, G OLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON ALSO A GOOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, & LONDuN DAILY PAPERS. RUBBER STAMPS A SPECIALITY

SPECTACLES RUIN THE SIGHT!! I WHEN INCORRECTLY ADAPTED. BEFORE WEARING GLASSES, CALL AT MR. NEUBERT'S ESTABLISHMENT Si HERE YOUR SIGHT WILL BE CAREFULLY TESTED, AD ALL ADVICE GIVEN. FREE OF CHARGE. • GLASSES ORDERED ONLY WHEN NECESSARY. SPECTACLES AT MODERATE PRICES, SEE TESTIMONIALS. a F. A. NEUBERT, F.S.M.C. CONSULTING OPTICIAN. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. AND AT SOLTHP RT.

HARDIE'S GREAT CYCLE SALE. A FEW OF THE BARGAINS OFFERED PRIOE. COST. s. d. £ s. d. 10 0 o—Ladies' Rover, Highest Grade 20 0 810 0— „ Singer, Mode A l5 0 10 10 0 ~ Osmond, Highest Grade ...... 25 0 0 90 0— „ Raleigh, No 17 15 15 0 12 0 0— „ Calcott, Highest Grade 2O 0 0 12 0 0— „ Singer, Grand Model 25 0 0 6 10 0— „ Hardie, virst Grade l2 0 0 14 10 0— „ Raleigh Model Superbe ..25 0 0 6 10 o—Gent's Hardie Roadster /3 10 0— „ Singer Grand Model 24 0 0 12 0 0— „ °mond. Highest Grade 24 0 0 10 10 0— „ Special 16 16 0 12 0 0— „ Raleigh No 3 2C 0 9 10 0— „ Singer Model de Luxe 16 6 0 9 9 0- 96 Royal 14 10 0 10 0 0— „ Rover, First Grade 20 0 810 0— „ Road Racer 12 10 0 And others too numerous to mention SECONDHAND CYCLES FROM 35s HARDIE • BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Entlaosffitti

(AN SALE, TRACK RACING MA.OFIINR, with roadster kl Wheels, B.S.A. fittings throughout, 2 handle bars,and Dunlop Welsh racing tyres, accessories complete, £9 95.4 new 2 months since.—Apply T. MEA.DOWS, 411. Spring view near Wigan.

VVANTED, experienoed GENERAL SKRVANT ; good wages given to suitable person,—Mrs. MILL% Oak House, Stalybridge,

WANTED. GENERAL, for private family; fair cook comfortable home.—Apply WIBBERLEY, 63,Half Edge lane, Eccles, Mancbester.

W ANTED immediately Superior GENERAL, no washing. good situation; wages, £lB.—Apply miss Hunsoti. 19 Irlam street, Warrington,

WANTED. GENERAL, aged 18 to 20; three in family. Reference required.—Apply Mrs. TAYLOR, 45, War— rington road, Abram, Wigan,

T ADY strongly recommends GENERAL SERVANT ; hard _LJ worker. Two years' re,ereuce. £I4.—HILL, 14 tdillingtom road, Stockport.

WANTBD smart tidy COUNTRY GIRL. 16 to 23, for Dairy in Leven,bultne, Manchester ; good reference.. —Address 2, HENDERSON ST, Leyenshulme,Mancbester. N;VANTHD, SITUATION as HOUSHKHRPER, or any position of trust by respectable young person, age 28' —Address Miss WirotAars,Beeston Castle,Tarporley,tibesbire. WANTBD. PIT CARPRNTRILS, BRICKSETTRRS and SINKHRS.—AppIy MAYPOLE COLLIERY, Wigan.

WANTRD ifrandfather's CLOCK (eight days), b nos dial and nnvements.—Wm, SALIeBURY, Furber street, Crewe.

LLANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARTMII NTS facing sea centre of promenade and bay.—Apply Mas. J. SioRRIS, 4. kit- George's Crescent.

ORRCA %UHL W.l3.—Publie and Private APART- IVi lIIRNTs. Piano and bath.—Mrs. LAMBERT, Provi- dent House, 71, Alexandra-road.

T) HYL. NORTH WALES.---OOMFORTABLR ROOMS _Lt., permanent or othemise. Near Marine Lake.—C.R., 7. Palace terrace. Wellington road. Rhyl.

N BlillitlTON.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; three minutes from promenade. sands and tower; terms moderate.—Mrs HUGHES, 75. Egerton street.

PRHSTATYN, near Rhyl.—Comfortable A.PA.RTMENTS, 2 sitting. 5 bedrooms ; near station, 5 minutes from beach; h and c baths.—Mrs W 1 W1714/045, The Stores.

TjAINTING and DECORATING- BUSINESS for SALE. 1_ Stock etc. 276, good reasons for Ieaving.—HOW.LBTEI 33, Ribble road, Blackpool.

?To Litr, a SAWMILL and CLOG- SOLR WORKS, witb _1 good conneetion.—Particulars apply R. ATTy, Bolton- road, Ashton-in-Makerfleld, Newton-le-Willows.

fiIIOCOLATH. SWEBTS. FANCIHS High-class Old kJ established, well-known business for disposal excellent Stand, declining business through tilness of owner.-97. MOSS LANE WEST. Manchester.

JJRAPERY and MILLINIIRY BUSINNSS, at Chester, for DISPOSAL: medium-class cash trade ; returns £2,400; stock £9OO, well fitted, electric light; good house.—ApPlY MR. GREGORY, 32, York street, Manchester.

WROLRSALR CATTLII and SIRAT BUSINRSS in busy Lancashire Town; good and commodious premises and doing large and successful trade but require further capital for development. would accept oartner with experience and moderate capital, fullest investigation invited.—ApplY J WOL4TENIZOLME, Incorporated Accountant, Union Chambers, Rochdale.

14 GI-CTS, booked from grand pen; pure White LeZherne (Simon Hunter's strain), 3s. dozen —WRIGHT, Lake Vyrnwy, Morde, Oewestry.

FW/ SALE 25 TURKEYS age 3 and 5 weeks price 2s 9d and 3s 6d.—Apolv Mrs. JONEEI, CWIla rarai, Onurcb- stoke, R.S.O. Montgomery.

T.? GIIS FOR SITTING., S tt 9,SON 1902.-1 have again mated my pens for breeding. I have never won say prizes. I never show, but my birds will compare favourably with those who do, and I cordially invite an inspection of the following pure breeds, Black Minorcas, Black Orpingtons, Black Leg- horn', Buff Orpingtons, Buff Wyandottes, Buff Leghorn'. White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Blue Audalusians, Houdens, Lancashire Butt Barred, Plymouth Rocks. Golden Wyandottes, Silver Wyandotte,, Langshans, Indian Game. 2 Crosses Houden Cock,Buff Orpington Hen—White Leghorn Cock, Houden Hen. liggs all 2s 6d for 13 except Indian game, and Langshans these 4s, if packed and put on Rail 6d extra. Also Indian Runner Ducks 2s per doz., if packed and put on Rail 2s 61. fl rot 10 fertile eggs in each sitting I will make all unfertiles good, if brought tmck or sent. MB —NO business done on Hunclay.--HENRY DEILPER, 201 Newtoir road, Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-le-Willow:,

11URNOUT for Sale, buyer the choice of two Lorries auci I Horses ; good useful five—year—old, 16i hands, or one 16 hands, known workers.—Apply 16, fiERTFORD STREET. Mill Hill. Blackburn.

IjISPO ES MRO SAL 2 VAN or CART MAR. VAN O, strong Harness Horse. sto 8 years, 16 to 16-3 hands, quiet and reliable in every way ; 14 days' trial ; £l5 to £.2B.—MAUDALEY. 26, Sussex-street, Birkenhead.

HIGH-CLASS WELSH PONIES. Pair of roAns 4 find 5 years. Perfect in single tandem and double harness ; bay mare 8 years, very fast and need to ingtors, quiet in all harness ;also fine selection of children's ponies ;the above ars all very smart ponies from 11 to 12 hands and believed to be sound ;any trial or veterinary examination allowed here. ApplY —J MARSHALL DUHDALE, lisq,Stud Farm, Llaflfyllinoswestry

DoNT BACK HORSES. IT WILL RUIN Tr)U- FOLLOW OUR UNE HORSE WIRE DAILY, AND OUR SYSTFLII HOW TO WIN. NO RISK. YOU CANNOV LOSE. TRY ONE WEEK. *IF You DON'T WIN, WILL RETURN YOUR MIONEY. Post 10s, livArrs t Co., 175 i Princess street, Manchester,

TIRIVATE NURSING HOMII for Invalios ; Medical, Sur- Rical,Chtonic,Maternity also Weir-Mitchll treatment. Terms moderate.—MATßON, 38 Santos road, Wandsworth.

I_ -- NK.—Simmona' Self-copying Ink: copies without water (Im press. Quarte--pint bottle, Is 64 ; postage 4.1.--- SouTil LONDON LABORATORY CO., 16A Wirtemberg street. Clapham, Lon.ion, b.W. rB ---------- - MALE COMPLAINTS : all irregul -- iearits and general I! weaknesses: Reliable remedies, is lid (Herbs or Pills:. Mrs. I,I•ALL. 66, Carlton Vale, London, N. W.

VAM BELL'S PECMALIC PILLS Is Lid. 2s. 9d., 4s 6d. post LI free. Plain wrapper.--s. OAKES ct (Jo, 1, Bond-street. Weymouth.

10 MARRIED PROPLICor thole Contemplating tnarriage, 1 Send penny Stamp to If J DAVIEs, 110 Otley Headingley. Leeds. wheu something to your advantage will be returned post free.

AIMED LADlHS—lnformation anci advice ot priceless value. free stamped envelope ; mention pape:.-51rs LAWRENCE. St Blino, Bgremont. Liverpool.

GIVi&N AWAY, ABSOLUTSLY PUBIC—To introduae tO the public our marvellous Pocket Lamps, we are giving away 12 complete Phonwraphs absolutely free. Send et (Mee for our Pocket Electric Lamp, with 2s for same, and we will send same carriage paid, ready tor use This ig no toy, but a genuine thing.—Address LAURENCE, Dept p,, 564 Ludgate Hill, London, R. C.

YV-VAMPING on Plano by ear. Invaluable, and easily under— stood. Post free 7d.—S.,iNnEns. K. Dept 169, Kens& Road, Westbourne Park, London, W.

-LIRRH AS THIA.L.—On Saturday next, at Windsor, I an' 1 in receipt of genuine information ; please send Ine your stamped address at once, and I will forwari this selection free as trial. This is genuine, and will be a good price.—T. P. HENRY, Cottage Grove, Surbiton, Surrey. _

WANTBD, 8-day Grandfath-r Clock Movements, bruit dials.or cloaks complete ; need not be in orcter.—w.r, 43, Corporation }tow, London H. C. PICTURES GIVRN AWAY.—AII about to start house- keeping should send stamped address at once for free sample, Mention paper.—SEvERNE, ;North st., Weduesbury• TTAFFIIt BRaCBLETS. 61.; Indian Solid Brass Candle - I_l_ sticks, 3s Sd, &c. ; approval.—BßoOKLTN, Lewisbani High Rout, S.R.

9 iumATOhs, 4s. Asters, btoz.its, As tid, Gutieita, 24 per IL Ridge Cucumber, is 6d doz. All free —Everts, Bak Road, Winchester. ----- M IC OTOR BICYCL 2-h.p. Minerva Hngine Thuile 60- ings. Quits new ; perfect condition. £35---Roni,sl'. Box, Ashbourne, Alderman's Drive, Peterboro', OLD GOLD and Silver Jewellery. Plate, Medals. CoinB' and Curios purchased for cash or libPral exchAnge off ered. —JoHN KENT, Ma rdol If ead.S hre wsbu ry.

SIDHLIGIFI'S ON INSURANCH. —Over 4.000 conies thild ; every agent should read this; cloth Is. paper 6d W BAMFORD, Stamford. 1 00 BalrLt cHa A yr) Sp r'irleCinogooOrd coaarpdes; ; 2CstiglwrVofrrcleeerf BRooxs, Printer, Ingleton, Yorkshire.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER r, R. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS. HEADACHE, DR• SCOTT'S PILLS ISDIGESTICN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NRILVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION. • DR. SCOTT'S FILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS A.PPETITE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COSTIVENESS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICA.CIOUS DE. scoTrs PELLn MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. 10. and Is. 95.

ARE YOU A MARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION, BILIOUS- NESS, INABILITY TO ASSIMI LATH YOUR FOOD, Wind in the Stomach, and yet trying to do your daily work like a nealthy man? E iNIAY4 That effort of yours hut you are tmand to tail in the race for wealth, unless you get rid of these troubles at once. There is a newly discovered Hnzyme winch is ten times as powerful as Pepsin which will digest your food for you, resting your stomach and giving it the tone necessary to perfor u its normal functions. This new discovery is embodied in MILLER'S DYPEFSL. TABLETS WHIOH ARE SOLD BY H. NTIL.L.,ER, ckiEMIST. 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARMINGFON, AT Mu. PER BOX.

THE Warrington and (VP-Cheshire Exami4er. Dub tithed every Saturday morning. THE Runcorn Examinfr•-, published Friday after- noon. lt is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rrHE Widnaa Examiner, published Friday after- ...lL noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St, Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE EXANIINER SERIES PREPA.ID .4.130V-PlitTISEAEgrs APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES To BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

A CCOUCHEM4N V—Refined HOMO for Lady with t. Lioloruivd Midwife and skilful nutaing.terms moderate. Nurse PARR, 36 WaiOn road. Liverpool.

QUPBRIOR MASS SWIM. TOBACCO and NBWSAGBNCY BUSIBBSS, Splendidly fitted. opposite Schools and Chanel. would fault family with girls, sickness cause of leaving £6O if taken at once, bath, three bedrooms. —Apply 70 RocanALE tiosn, liarpurhey. Winchester.

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely a- voided or removedby simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the only Safe, Sure, and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousands of testimonials. Mr. P. BLANCHARD, DALStOR-Lane London.

Ono Grads only—TNE BEST. PREMIER £12,,..1,25. £1 Is. Monthly. BICYCLES List Free. P.R. Dept. PREMIER WORKS, Ccrseetrxtry. London Det4t, 20, Holborn Viaduct, B.C.

GIVEN AWAY. 2 i z - To eisry pnrebaser of one of ont c !anions 10s. ad. Keyless (Lady's 0 o. or (iont.'s) real liyer Wateltes we give absolutely Toe. of Charge f 4 Cri . - an' of thew Handsome Solid Wiser Chains, both Wateh and >., E. Solid GIVEN Chain being warranted. Send at oi 0 .1: > ones as tills offer cannot be roads Z Z . for lone —intsrANG BROS. in C 2 . , cr.4 Silver. FEZ os• osmoses it.. loam Gam. F 4 0.4 so. Lonnox. I. -------

MARVELLOUS OFFER. MOHAWK CYCLES, £8 Bs. Od. r 3) 3N. ILO Fo TJS. New Departure, Free Wheel Hub, Front Rim Brake, Plated Rime, ladles' or gouts.' Casb with order.—CliaLi Fl.alt RD. LONDON, LW'

A FAMILY'S WASHING is now done quicker 41. better, and cheaper by using BRADFORD'S IMPROVED VOWEL' WASH ING MACH IN E, than-by ariA. other way. See Catalogue of our NEW VOWEL XL S' Combined Washing, Wringing, and Mangling Machine. Price £4 155. od. Cash Discount. Carriage Paid. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 240-242, High Holborn, London; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; 230, Bold Street, Liverpool; and Salford. 151E4 1%,:: jst .ts GOUT x), GOUT. IGIBURIATISw. SCIATICA. 1,031BA;00. The oxeruelating Pain isquiekly relieved. Sure. SAle. effective. All Chemists and stores at is. lid Red 2s. 9,1_

ee am:s" • CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVHIC ALL PAIN AND THROBBING MD SOON 'CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens awl Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the f.et. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/11.-of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SOL Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. - Registered No. 40,376. 19 NO MORE fill SOFT LINEN _ WHEN # 4' "lfm STARCHED. • Used in the Royal Laundries. • Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEVI • 'the greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen,Laces.eto It does not stick to 11)h:1er—web-Me materials. Sat everywhere in rackets at Id.. 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. eRITONLIVIr. Chemist. BLACKBURN. 7, Whitecross Street. London, 11.0. .-.

-010, % SUIT, 1 2 measure fur II S. wa. per week' 4,,i0 '7 For si• down. and 7 mondlf p f. parl eats of ss. each, making st i i• t of 40s. for a suit your loci, . I tailor would charge you 60P. for you can have our well-known 111,• 1 us CORONATION SERGE (rtql t , - In Blue, Black, or Greys. i''' Send tc-day for patterns and self- ! 1 measurement forms, to . . C. E. WRICHT and Coo 649, Attercliffe-rd., Sheflielo• , Carriage paid on all orders. WI. ' guarantee all goods to lit, l°° "-- smart, and well-made. • Please mention this paper. _.......---

66A splendid ironer. 99 What woman isn't proud of such a compliment? A good house must have a (rood foundation the foundation of ironing is starching. If the starch is good—if it's Colman's Starch—the ironing is sure to be all right : the kind a woman is proud of. Don't say you can't iron if you haven't tried COLA'S - - , , . •)11? Sold in Cardboard Boxes. See that the Bull's Head Colman's ;A#AP are on Name and • .310...-;•!,',l,g`'•:s.ii. the Box. ILEGD • 5.11.1 t.

SHOCKING DEATHS. Occur every day through the neglect of Lumbago, Pains in the back, Gravel, Kidney Disease. Sciatica, Rheu- matism, dm These can be prevented and lives saved by Holdroyd's Gravel Pills, Guaranteed ti be a positive cure. Money returned if not satisfied. la. lid.. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps.—GOLDROYD4 Medical Hall,Cleckheaton, Yorks.

FEB BRAVAIS Bravais' Iron in CONCENTRATED DROPS cures: Paleness, Consumption, ie.0,4116. Poorness of Blood, etc. . Bravais Iron is prescribed by the leading Physiriins in all Coon- tries. BRIT. MED. JOURN.—"It has all q, the good effect:, of iron wit/unit pro- -7.1r..W clueing eonstiration or diet,,rb;p.i t!,e - digestion. and ;t does not blacken the too:, LA-NCET.—" A beautiful and interesting preparation." Soon brings back: Health, Strength & Fresh Complexion. Beware of Imitations.--Sold by Chemists everywhere. holesile :-130, RUE LAFAYETTE, PARIS.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. AFTER TWO PILLS SEIB FELT BLUISH 26, Rutland-street. Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th. 1902. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very 11l with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pills, and gave her two. After a. few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon. and I was surprised to find her up from bed when ame home in the evening. In;two or three days she was ite well again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in) ri us matter, and ftre,bighly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. led. and 2s. 9d.. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietorl GEORGE BADE, 232. Goswell-road, London. BADE'S GOUT & R

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

ollow „ar., . ; • 4 PILLS CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Foot Rastag. C. J. Straw, the well-known and successful runner, has joined Sefton Harriers and took part in the two • miles' harriers race at Huddersfield on Saturday. The Sefton men were victorious, beating Salford and Farnworth.—At the Lancashire County Constabulary sports, at Fallosvfield, C. H. Longshaw, of Warring- ton, won the third prize in the 220 yards flat. H. Watkins, of Latchford, a member of the Warrington Rugby Football" A" team, did well at Wilmington Park, where he won the 100 yards sprint from 81 yards mark in 10 1-ssecs.,beating J. Moran, of Sankey Harriers, who started from the 71 pards marks, by a yard. Watkins also gained the first prize in the 220 yards flat from the 14 yards mark in 231 sec. In this race Moran came in third from the 101 yards mark. Swimming. At a meeting of the Northern Counties Amateur Swimming Association, held at the Mitre Hotel, Manchester, on Monday evening, it was decided to ask the Warrington Swimming Club to arrange for the use of the baths for trial matches on July 3rd, for the purpose of electing a team to meet the Southern Counties Amateur Swimming Association.

CYCLBS direct from Factory, plAeii rims, free wheel, rim brake, guaranteed 2 years, 24 19s, Cash or easy terms. —HARDY, 3, Laburnam Grove, Moseley, Birmingham.

(IYOLId9:6, SAVIC YOUR WRNS and unnecessary expenses connected with cycling, free 4s 6d. iloney returned if not approved. Agents wanted, either sex, weekly salary, good commission, particulars stamo.—PNEUMATIC Tim PRESSURE GAUGE CO., 59, Robert street, Swansea.

BBAUTIFUL CUT PLO WHEW and fern. large box post free for is, satief,otion guaranteed.--BBLCHICR, Florist' Hay Mills. Birmingham.

01131,1 KASHA BLELNBD. Genuine indoor writing nu oanvassing; stamped a4dress for partioulars.--BIDLEY. Banton Way, Wallaend,

F °NOON ADDIVISS, letters received, forwarded; basi- l./ nesse, Lepresented.—lnterviewing Offices, LEWIS, HS, Picadilly.

AT THE FINE ART GALLERIES. The members of the Lovely-lane Cycling Club had I. EXCHANGE STREET. BAST a run to Ashley, via Knutsford and Tatton, on Satur- • (CORNER OF DALE-STREET), day and arrivea at their destination about four o'clock. LIVERPOOL. An excellent tea was provided by Mrs. Isaac Brown, , THE IMPORTANT COLLECTION OF ABOUT of Castle Hill Farm, Castle Mills, and the wheelers THREE THOUSAND did. ample justice to it. Afterwards the party indulged in a stroll by the river Bollin and through the beauti- WORKS OF ART, ful woods surrounding Castle Mills and spent a highly! eajoyable time. The return journey was made via , EXAMPLES BY THE LEADING LIVERPOOL Hale Barnes Green, Bowdon, and Lyann, Warrington AND LONDON ARTISTS, including being reached about 9.30. To-day's run is to Hale. jWm Sham. Jelin Constable R S Bough, David Cox, • Clarksnn Stanfield, RA„ Bun() Williamil* Favoured with glorious weather, the inter-club run Steeple.%l,msMnlread,y. RA, Carmichael, Edwin Ellis, in connection with the W,arrington Royal Cycling Club Pon vier, PetarGinheeVne.3jkPetki". tu4aknee* and the newly-formed Stockton Heath Club passed off Charles Hunt, Creswick Boyden, T kCI ay, most successfully on Saturday. About 20 members of , the Royal Club, with lady friends, rode to 'Victoria- square, where'they were met by 16 members and lady friends of the Stockton Heath organization. The party then cycled to Great Budworth, via Stretton and Frandley, and stayed for tea at Mrs. Jackson's C.T.C. house. This over, several journeyed to Pickmere, and had an enjoyable I ' time boating; others preferred a ramble to Marbury Mere, and many stayed at Mrs. J ackson's for au impromptu concert. Songs were rendered by -17. Messrs. D. Knight (Stockton Heath), T. Critchley r OR F, lob A. MIVATE , (Royal), and others and Messrs. S. Hazlelmrst (Eagle C.C.) and S. H. AnCierton. (Royal) acted as accompan- ists. The return journey was commenced by the TEETH. Appointments unneoestary..:lrt may be " early birds "at 8,10, who arrived at Warrington an arranged: hour later, and the second party reached home just rt,EETH. after ten o'clock, returning via • Arley Park. I All consultations free. TEETH. Haab patient informed beforehand the cost work required. TEETH. Gold arid other fillings at inalerste charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. y P-luiess Extraction as hitherto by the aid' of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000/aeallons- weekly. • Haar'. of the late • J. IL PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EYA.M.)I N R. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... _GEORGE-STREET" MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET, WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RrINTIoRN, 31, BRIDGE-STREET TURSDAY, 2 to 5. A.PPLEMARKET-STBEET' PRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

Marriages. WILDE—MATHER—June 13th at the Parish Churchr Warrington, by the Rev. A. S. Cameron, Ernest Wilde, to Mary Mather. WARBURTON—SAVAGE—June 14th,at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Isaac Warbur- ton to Martha Jane Savage. WooLstEnuorr—HEwirr—June 18th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. S. Cameron, Charles Woolstencroft to Ada Hewitt.
