===== 0002601_19030801_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEwSAGENT, "EXAMINER' OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN. GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY, FANCY GOODS, FINE SCREENS, PtIRSEQ ALBC -F Nls GTURERAMING, BOOK-BIND'ING.' AND MINTING DONE TO ORDER AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE !SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER. REGULATIONS OF MARKETS AND FAIRS AND THE CLEANSING AND DISINFECI lON THEREOF. NOTICE IS HEREBY 3IVEN, that the following is a copy of an ORDER issued by the Board of Agriculture : REGINALD PO rTs, Clerk to the Cheshire County C)uncil. Chester, 28th July, 1903. (6714). ORDER OF THE BOARD OF AGRICULTURE. (Dated 23rd June, 1903.) MARKET.S AND SALES ORDER OF 1903. The Board et Agriculture, by virtue and in exercise of the powers in them veered under the Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 and 1896, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, do order, and it is hereby ordered, as follows: REGULATION OF MARKETS AND SALES. 1.—(1.) A mai ket or sale ot animals shall not be held In or upon any market-place, highway, saleyard or otter premises, until after the expiration of eight days from the date on which the premiers were previously FO used, uulrs the premises, or • part thereof sufficient to accommodate:the number of animals usually exposed at such market or sale, are so paved with cement.concrete, asphalt, or otter bard material impervious to water, as to permit of the same being effectually cleaneed by washing. (2.) This Article shall not be deemed to pr3hibit the bolding of any lawful fair en two or more consecutive days. CLEANSING AND DISINFECTION OF MARKETS AND SALES 2.—(1.) Any market-placs, highway, saleyara or other promises. in or upon which markets or sales are habitually held, shall, as soon as practicable, after beibg used for the purposes of a ma ket or site, and before being again so used, be chewed and disinfected as fo lows : (I) The premises shall be thoroughly scraped or ' swept,anu such parts thereof as permit of the same, being eff .ctually cleansed by washing shall be so cleansed: (ii.) After such cleansing the premises shall be thoroughly sprinkei with a solution el carbolic acid and licnewanh containing not less than five per cent: of actual carbolic or cresylic acid. (iii.) All pens, hurdles, and fi tinga used in connec- tion with the market or sale shall, as soon as prac- ticable, atter being used for such purpose, and before being again so used, be cleansed by scraping and washing, and after such cleansing shall be tt.orougbly sprinkled with a solutim of carbolic acid and Ihnewaah se prescribed above ; and (iv.) The scrapings and sweepings shall forthwith be well mixed with quicklime and be fffectually removed from contact with animals. (2.) The cleansing and disiofection required by this Article ehall, in the case of a market-place saleyard, or other premises in the occupation of any person, los carried out by that person, and in any ,rther case be carried out by the Lecsl Authority of the District. LOCAL AUTHORItt TO ENFORCE ORDER. 3. The Fravisions of this Order, except her it is otherwise provided. 5141 be executed and enforced by the Local Authcrity, PFERCES. 4.—(1.) If a market or sale of animals is held in coo- travention of this Order, the person holding the same, and the owner or consignee of (ash animal exposed thereat, and the person exposing the same thereat, and the purchaser thereat of any animal.such last-mentioned person or such purchaser knowing the market or sale to be held in contravention as aforesaid, shall, each according to an i in respect of his own acts and defaults, be deemed guilty of an offence against the Act of 1894, (2.) If anything is omitted to be (1018 as te2arcis cleansing or disinfection in contravention of this Orthr, the Owner and the lessee and the coupler of any place in or in respect of which the same is omitted shall, etch according to and in respect of his own acts and defaults be deemed guilty of an rffence against the Act of 1894. REVOCATION OF REGULATIONS OF L,CAL AUTHORITIES. 5.—A1l regulations made by a Lnc,l Authority under any Order of the Board requiring hit cleansing and dis- infection of any premises are as from the commence- ment of this 0 der h reby revoked s 9 far as they extend to the cleansing and d'sinfection of any market-place, highways, salward, or ether premises which by this Order are required to te cleansed and disinfected. Pro- vided that nothing herein shall be deemed to invalidatel or make unlawful anything done lacier any regulation hereby revoked before the date of tbiS revocation, or interfere saith the institution or prosecution of any pro- ceeding in respect of any offence committed against, or 1 any penalty incurred under, any regulation hereby revoked before the date of this revocation.

INTERPRETATION. 6. In this Orier, unless the context otherwise requires— " Animals " auntie ealtie. sheep, and goats, and all other ruminating animals, and swine: " Persons " includes any body of persons corporate or uninccrporare : " The Act of 1894 " means the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894 : 'Other terms have the same meaning as in the Act of 1894, EITENT. 7. This Order ,extends to England, Wales, and Sco:land. we Cr MMENCEMENT. 8. This Order shall come into operaticn at the ex- piration of one 1 ear from the date hereof. In witness whers of the Bard of Agricultural cmhave hereunto set their Official Seal this z.s. twenty-third day of June, one thousand nine hundred and three. ----Y T. H. ELLIOTT, Secretary.

THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO., EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE ____

_ THE C-on - M.. MANCHESTER, Business THE EMPIRE hours : 9 a.m: to 9 p.m. ; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE EMPIRE THE p.m. ; Wednesday 1 p.m. THE Why envy your neighbour's home ? EMPIRE We will make your home cosy enough THE EMPIRE EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE THE THE EMPIRE on our EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE THE region of our EMPIRE EXPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intending Purchasers would do well to EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE livspFcr OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE

EMPIRE Worth. Mon thl y EMPIRE THE £lO los. THE EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6g. T H E EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE -- -

. . EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down" by request "at EMPIRE

THR - THE EMPIRE, IHE I EMPIRE EMPIRE THU Corner of Milton Street. , THE EMPIRE lye pay return railway fare to eac° EMPIRE THE p urchaser, from districts where, this TH FE EMPIRE smval((paper le circulated.)7olMo EMPIRE

POSTRRS OF ALL SIZES ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS lEk PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS

BALLS MEETINGS &c., Su.: PRINTING FOR SCHOOL:BO ARD S, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN,

EXAMINER" OFFICE,

RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oddfellows Foresters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burial, and Trade Societies. FOR

COMMERCIAL PRINTING. FUNERAL CARDS, single and folded, in the newest patterns, printed on the shortest notice. INVOICES for Grocers, Shoemakers, Cloggers Butchers, Bakers, Plumbers, Publicans, ac.

TELEPHONE NO. 355 Y•

===== 0002601_19030801_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES FOR SALES:OF WORK.

ROGRAMMES FOB SOIREES. DELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered, and Perforated to Order. CATALOGUES for Pnblic and Private Librarie Auctioneers, and Tradesmen. 8, 11XAMINER PRINTING ORKS SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

PROORAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN AT

ura

.-egew,am.

NEW BRIGHTON.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
CALL AT

BERESFORD'S

DINING- ROOMS 24% VICTORIA ROAD 241 GOOD FOOD & MODERATE CHARGES A SPECIALITY.

COMBINED WITH CLEANLINESS.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PIC-NIC PARTIES CATERED FOR ON THE

SHORTEST NOTIOR.

PLACARDS, in Blvk and Coloured Inks, to any size or pattern, and on any oolour of paper. pROSPECTUSES & BALANCE-SHEETS.

PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE •peciatity. A DDRESSES, Pamphlets. Secretaries Reporte ecc., printed in any size and quantity.

COAL MERCHANTS' TICKETS, Billhead s, Memorandums, &o:

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

BewsEy STEEP; WARRINGTON

Egan

Pr A

g 4 t

s . ;•_) • ;

===== 0002601_19030801_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
McF,OUGALL'S Pategt T Y SELF--RAISING I- uR PREVENTS INDIGESTION.

krri six Vtollo,4lllllllnNass Obrlis4 ,g'•444)ll****l4l7W I 10, sr• *4 Arkilirtr. IP TP ~„ . lig ‘:: ;#,,,4''lT \ ~, 1 / I S 30*

===== 0002601_19030801_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

There is little that is actually new in thr world of dress, and one has to be content tc ring the changes on the many charming and fascinating modes which were launched earlier in the season. Simplicity of style is, however, what all should aim at, particularly for washing dresses, although the embriodery used for trimming purposes may be as rich as one's means and inclinations permit, and when this happy combination is arrived at the result is at once recognised as the height of elegance. For summer wear the simple cotton frock ranks high in popularity, and, as it must frequently visit the laundry and return none

===== 0002601_19030801_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
oTTON GOWN

the worse for its sojourn thereat, both skirts and bodices are plainly made with as little trimming as possible. Tuckings of the material itself, or of embroidery arranged in graduated lines, make the prettiest trimming for washing skirts. Nothing really looks cleaner or prettier than a white ground spotted in black, pale blue, green, or red, trimmed with lace of a coarse make, or em- broidery, the fulness of the blouse bodice being caught in at the waist by a nicely swathed ribbon band with knotted ends at the back. Indeed, it is in the smaller de- tails of dress, such as belts, cravats, or sleeves that originality is displayed. The smaft dress sketched is of white spotted with black, with a belt of apple-green silk finished at the back with two small ends.,

It is really curious to note how prevalent is the swathed silk belt on all the smartest frocks. A short time ago nothing was on view in the shops but a ghaped narrow band, but these latter are only seen now expressed in patent leather or suede, and look very smart worn in conj unction with linen or serge frocks. Belts of patent leather have a par- ticular vogue, and assuredly there is no fitter completion to the simple linen dress. A cream crash gown can be worn with any of the

Z. i( - ....;c, l / (,', .. - \ \ ~'i..:,,\\\\;,-..: \'',' \ 2 i 1 ''' .' \ ',.-•,)..‘t \ V,J.,"\.: :''''').ll • l' \`' , .)..,':! • . -:•1: , , 1) ~:•.. ' V ..- .ji ../ Ili .: .• . . • • .1 • •''''' ':-..;,1,....?,Z.T.0 • 1.• ~ . • • --.'=-..':E-..5,'. /I ; -8•••.4.,tri• ;". :: .... //// I! ' iii `'-'11••••P'-1,.‘ i P • IVA \. - ..•:1•' . - • ? A CO,

c, ~.Iv-_(?•-• ~Ari.,k sS---_."-- CZ, () 1-*.----__4( -,,-- -- - _ ttll' .---1 .)Iyr,

===== 0002601_19030801_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY HATJ

brightly-coloured belts, provided the waist they are destined to encircle is not of large proportions, and that the note of colour is further emphasised in the hat or sunshade, or, perchance, an occasionally revealed dainty under-skirt The ribbon or swathed silk belt is the newest idea, but requires careful fitting, and must be skilfully cut, or it will not prove a success.

To some people the constant repetition of the linen frock is wearisome, and, as a relief, come the delicately shot taffetas gowns, which are not the newest fashion, but, while pretty and chic, are not so expensive as many of the daintiest muslin frocks. These sowns are generally made in a picturesque styl, with full skirts and swathed bodices, the latter draped with a lace or muslin fichu round the shoulders. The prettiest taffetas are self-shot in such old-fashioned colours as vieux rose, lavender, or green. The pretty hat gt etched is principally made of creamy lace, and has little or no crown: The brim is curved up slightly at on side, and blush and crimson roses, with their

foliage and buds, cover the bandeau at the left side, and rest on the hair. A hat of this description might be termed a glorified cape- line. A dainty hat, of course, demands a fine day, and more useful, though less orna- mental, than the lace hat is the new plateau French sailor-hat in satin straw with a ruche of ribbom or a wreath of flowers obscuring and pretensions to crown of which it is possessed. Flowers closely massed together fill in the space between the hat, and the hair at the back for these hats are worn tilted over the face in front. Very smart and business-like are the hats of stitch - coloured ribbon trimmed by a twist of foulard or very soft, satiny ribbon knotted into a careless bow at one side or the back, with ends falling on the hair. One of the prettiest trimmings for the flat sailor-hat is a wreath of roses shading from darkest crirmon to a pale, lovely pink. The little linen coatee sketched is one which I can confidently recommend for seaside or country wear. It is of cerise coloured linen lined with white, and looks exceedingly smart with either a dark or light skirt. • It is double- breasted, and fastens wide dull gold buttons. An ivory cloth coat of the same cut, trimmed with bands of crimson, black and green em- broidery, looks very distinguished, tvhile even newer are the little shot or chine taffeta coats with a deep cape collar of filet lace or embroidery, edged round with ruching,. of 311 k or ribbon tied in a loose bow in front with the ends finished with silk fringe. There are also the long coats of self- coloured linen, made like the Guards' coats, 'which, in navy blue, were so popular in the tarlier part of the season. These are, of zourse, belted in at the back, and fasten down lie front with We buttons. They look xpially well for driving or for seaside or JOuntry wears

Cocrunrise

'471, - •;•-., ..! •••`4.„:„.,1 ')/.1 \:\ • ° 4/ - A LINEN COATEE.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The enthusiasm of the welcome extended to the King and Queen by the inhabitants of Dublin and Belfast, , has been fully equal to the expectations that had been formed, and indeed it is impossible, even among so 1 warm-hearted a people as the Irish, to imagine a more i cordial greeting than that which their Majesties received. The King and Queen manifested in a very marked way that happy attitude which they possess of adapting themselves to every environment, and of inter- esting themselves in everything that is of importance to their subjects. Their solicitude for the poorest dwellers in the city of Dublin, was particularly notice- able, and the people did not fail to shew their apprecia- tion of their Majesties' kindly sympathy. The Prince and Princess• of Wales have paid many country house visits this summer, and the Prince will shortly be the guest of the Duke of Richniond and Gordon for some salmon fishing and shooting at Gordon Castle. The Venerable Duke was not at Goodwood for the races, but left early for Scotland, which will now become the 'principal rendezvous for Society. Many house parties have been made up, and it is expected that Deeside will be specially favoured this year with the presence of Royalty. The alterations and new accom- modation added to Balmoral are taken to indicate that , the King intends to entertain there on a more extensive 1 scale this autumn. _ _ _ _ _

The Duchess of Newcastle is one of the many women of title who prefer country life to the tinsel joys of a London season. She has never had any desire to attain the position of a society leader, but she knows a great deal about dogs, and, as a judge and exhibitor, she is always a prominent figure at the principal dog shows. Though married in 1889 when she was Miss Kathleen Candy, the Duchess is still quite young, being only 32. She is ardently devoted to field sports of all kinds,being a good angler, and an excellent shot, and she has travelled with the3Duke in North America, and has shot big game in the rocky mountains. It is easy to sympathise with the hostess who com- plains in the Press of the worry and fatigue involved in entertaining. Unless one is in the fortunate position of being able to keep a full and competent staff of , servants, the entertaining of a small country house party [ often means nothing lets than slavery for the time being for the hostess. It is upon her that the exacting I ordeal falls of seeing that everything goes smoothly land successfully, not only in the house, but also with regard to the amusements and diversions of her purely pleasure seeking guests. Thelady who complains would like her husband to take a larger share of these duties, but does not see how it is to be done. It is not easy to help her with suggestions, but though she cannot get rid of her responsibilities as hostess, she can exercise her choice of guests, and whilst there are people whom it is always easy to entertain, there are others for whom one mi my labour n vainto please or amuse. The Stage Society discussed at its annual meeting the old question of ladies' hats in theatres, and adopted a very drastic resolution on this subject. It decided "that all ladies among the audience must remove their hats or bonnets during the society's performances, and that attendants at the theatre be instructed to enforce this rule in every possible way." If the attendant were to literally carry out such instructions he would he justified in removing a lady's hat by force, if this were necessary, but he would be a very bold attendant who essayed such a task. Speaking generally, the proprietors of theatres are themselves much to blame for the reluctance of many women to part with their headgear, owing to excessive charges,and the cramped accommodation provided in the cloak rooms. One can never be sure that the hat left at these places will not spend its time on the floor or be otherwise maltreated, but if a large room was pro- vided with lockers which could be opened on the penny- in-the-slot system, and closed with a key, most women would be willing to part with their hats when entering a place of amusement. Such a system would give them ease of mind, and avoid the crush and delay that invari- ably attends the recovery of one's possessions at the cloak room, when the performance is over. In these days when so many articles of clothing can be bought ready made, it is a distinct advantage to be what the shopkeepers call stock size." Many women who go bargain hunting at the sales find their purchases require so much altering and fitting that they scarcely pay for the time and trouble they take up. Unless the homeworker is a very good neealewoman this process is liable.to end in failure, and even if one has a clever maid to help, it is well to be careful in purchasing ready made articles that cannot easily be altered. Those women who number among their recent " bargains " lengths of ribbon,can very easily find uses for them. For example plain, soft taffetas ribbons fold into the high draped belts now so modish; printed or painted mousseline ribbons make dainty sashes for muslin, lace, or tulle gowns, or run up with insertion lace, make delicate waistcoats for wear under a bolero, or open-fronted coat. Then a plain skirt may easily be brought up-to-date by the addition of three or four rows of quilted ribbon, graduating uplvards from the hem to the knees, at widening intervals. For millinery purposes, short lengths of ribbons are always useful,and indeed there would seem to be no limit to the ways by which a woman can successfully dispose of the safe and desirable investments.

Blue serge is the fabric for knock-about gowns, and these are being built to quite clear the grcund. This old familiar fabric is capable of being superlatively smart when well chosen, and well cut, but there are points to remember about it. In the first place it must not be too dark to look like blue—giving one the impression of rusty black—or aggressively blue, which is not only unbecoming, but not suitable for bard wear, or the British climate. The real navy blue is the tone to be secured,and the cut and make should be both plain and business like. The delights of the short skirt are too many to enumerate, but among them may be men- tioned the boon of being able to carry an umbrella sanely, without endangering the eyes of fellow beings by tucking it under the arm, or against the shoulder, and the fact that under such happy circumstances parcels are no longer an impossibility. A pretty sweet may he made as follows :—Boil some wgar till it takes a light golden brown colour, allow- ing half a pint of water to a pound of sugar. Line some little moulds with rataflas, dipping the sides in the sugar to make them stick together. When cold remove the moulds, gently fill the baskets just before serving with whipped cream, ,sweetened and flavoured to taste.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
VAINLY ENDEAVOURED TO FIND

HEALTH.

I Many people spend years in:a:vain search for good health. Remedy after remedy is tried. -Doctors and hospitals are consulted, but still the good fortune of perfect health is never theirs. One of our representatives re- cently bad a talk with a lady . whose life has been one long battle with sickness. 'lndigestion and stomach troubles had been the bane of my life," she said. 'A burning pain would seize me in the stomach and bowels. This, accompanied with a feeling of fulness and tight- ness, would cause me to feel insufferably hdt. Worn, listless and tired, I long sought for some remedy that should restore me to my former health. All in vain, I tried first one patent medicine and then .another; they were all alike, useless. My misery and pains were still my daily companions. Sometimes I could hardly breathe, and the hot, feverish, tight feel- ing almost seemed to be pressing the life out of me. I tried doctors at Normanton, but I might as well have kept my money in my pocket, for my health after their treatment was as bad as ever. I read of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and, with some doubts as to their virtues, I bought a bottle. It is the best purchase I ever made in my life, for they have entirely freed my system from the many pains that hourly attacked it, and I am now once more enjoying a better state of health than I have for a long time experienced." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills are a positive cure for liver and kidney complaints, biliousness, indigestion, constipation, piles, dyspepsia, foul breath, sallow complexion, and female ailments. They are a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema,pimples and blotches. Sold by leading Chemists and Stores, price Is. lid. per bottle. If unable to obtain where you reside Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills may be had post free on receipt of price from The W. H. *Comstock ICompsny, Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue London, E.C. We think it is only fair to mention that Mrs. Mary Ann Gill, of 23, East-street, Altoft Nor- manton, who went through this bitter experience,desired our representative to make known as publicly as possible the few incidents in her life's history whicil had terminated so happily. -

===== 0002601_19030801_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir H. M. Stanley and the Schoolboy.

The annual distribution .of prizes, awards, and certificates at Kenyon Hall College took place On Saturday afternoon under the chairmanship of Captain. T. E. Withington, J.P., of Culcheth Ball, who dwelt upon the importance of physical training, and complimented the pupils on their skill in this particu- lar. In the course of the proceedings. the Principal read the following letter from Lady Stanley :—Furze Hill, Purbright, Surrey, July 24th. 1903. Dear Mr. Granville,—my "dear husband—Sir H. M: Stanley— though out of danger, is still quite an. invalid, so he asks me to write to you for him. Hers much tOuched by your letter, so full of kind appreciation, and he is Much interested to hear of Master J. Clowes Sutton's success, and the promise that success holds out for the future. He says England wants many boys like that—earnest thoughtful'youths, who do what they undertake thoroughly, with all their heart. My dear husband always loved those lines :_ ,

"'Joy's soul lies in the doing And the rapture of pursuing • Is the prize." • Will you give Master Clowes Sutton, Stanley's warm congratulations and earnest wishes for his success and happiness through life, and with very kind greet- ings to yourself, Believe us, very truly yours, Dorothy Starley,and Henry M. Stanley."—Master Sutton,as our readers will probably guess, is the grandson of Mr. J. C. Sutton, clerk to the WalTington Board Of Guardians.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
The ,turday, August 1 -r 3 1903

p 4 Eazz

had flashed across his mind as he hurriedly cast about for some place of refuge. The miners had struck a tiny spring in their efforts to find gold, and at the bottom of the adit was a mirti.4-. stream of trickling water. It would be useful lit case of a siege.

He passed over the brow of two more hills, and descended a small valley to the beach. Then he returned towards Garth till he- leachcd the niot,th of .the adit. It looked black r•:nd dismal in the moonlight. The ascent was a difficult one for a man la,den with half a hundredweight of food, but he accomplished .it in safety. As he craivlcd in at the narrow entrance, the cold chill of Water struck through the knees of his trousers, and he could hear it dripping from the roof. It was a miserable place for even a wild beast to shelter in.

When he had gone a few yards down the tunnel, he struck a . match. The walls were green with slime, and they glis- tened in the light. He moved on rapidly, striking one match after another till he reached the end of the tunnel. Here there was a cross-cut, running twenty yards each way into the walls. It had been bored a foot above the bottom of the adit, and was comparatively free from water. • He put down the sack of provisions in a dry place, and returned to the mouth of the tunnel. The dawn was breaking over the mountains in the east, and the smooth sea glimmered coldly in the twilight. The tide was low, and. at this point a long, narrow stretch of shingle ran out for more than half a mile into the water.. It was the famous Sam of Cefyn.

Tradition has it that in the far past this part of Wales was originally joined to Ireland, and that the Sam is the last iconnecting link between the two countries. For ten miles out it is visible under the water, though fifty yards on either side of it the sea-bed lies, eighty fathoms deep. The fishermen say that in low tides and clear waters they can see the ruins of a city at the far end of. it. And more than one has told tales of strfAnge dim shapes that swayed and moved and Oicieci in the green water, of faint music dianted by ghostly voices, of the clear notes ot a bell ringing slowly in the distant depths. Tredegar had heard all these tales in his boyhood, and he idly recalled them as he looked out across the sea. He even thought that he could hear the voices calling to him across the waters and urging him to fly from England. Then on the distant hills he saw the dark woods round Llynglas, and knew that he could not go, and that he must watch over MaVanwy till this foul creature had been killed or captured, and that he must rick his own life to be near her.

As the sun rose, and the whole panorama of the bay was flooded with light, he retired to the cross-cutting and laid down to rest. For -he had to sleep by day, and go forth at night, when the thing he was in search of was abroad. Then he closed his eyes and lay down in the darkness, and listened to the drip-drip of water from the tunnel roof till he went to sleep. For a whole fortnight Tredegar lived in his burrow. He never stirred from it by day, but every night he would creep stealthily inland and' make his way by a long, cir- cuitous route to the woods round Ilynglas. Here he would watch and listen through the hours of darkness, always on the alert in case Mavanwy needed his assistance, yet never showing himself or attempting to com- municate with her. More than once he saw her dear face, and was so close to her that a whisper would have reached her ears. But he was silent. They • had said the last word —" Good-bye !" And though he suffered agonies from his silence, he had resolved not to speak again till his name was clear from dishonour.

. And through all these weary days he never heard the sound of a human voice, save in the distance; nor could he find any trace of the thing he sought, save only that strarige web in the Tredegar woods. Hour after hour on his journey homeward he would sit among the trees at the foot of the • mound and watch for the creature to appear: But he never saw it, though he knew it was still alive and in the neighbourhood, for fresh animals were fastened to the web each time he saw it. He saw John Walroyd twice again in these nightly vigils. - Once on the lawn of Llyn- glas with Mr. Morgan, and once going through the Iredegar woods with another small bundle. He puzzled hi S brain for any solu- tion to this new mystery. He once more followed Walroyd, and once again saw the boat run into the shore and Mr. Cantrip land from it. But he gathered no information about theit business.

He slept most of the day, but at early dawn .and evening he would sit near the mouth of his tunnel and drink in the sunlight on the shore and sea. He rarely saw anyone pass 'along the beach. An occasional fisherman with a prawn net, poking about in the pools and crevices of .the rocks; an old woman and her little grandson gathering driftwood for the fire ; now and then a small party of summer visitors. But visitors were few in 'Garth that year. The terror of the place had been noised abroad in every newspaper in England, and the landladies waited in vain for the money that would keep them in corn- fort during the winter. _ _ _

Tredegar waited and watched from the side of the cliff like, an eagle perched on a crag. And in the long hours of silence he tried to find some solution of the things he could riot understand. But he tried in vain to pierce the veil. All was darkness.

Then one evening in August a dazzling flash of light broke across the gloom, and left behiad it a horror that was more terrible than all the blackness of the night.

' It was nearly nine o'clock, and Tredegar was just starting on his nightly journey to Llynglas. There was still a faint glow of crimson in the West, but it was dark enough for him to escape observation. The moon was not up, and the whole land was wrapt in grey shadows. A few yellow lights twinkled along the shore by Garth. He slid over the, edge of the entrance, and descended slowly • and silently to the 'beach. When he had reached the bottom he crept along close under the cliff tow4ds the south. It was high tide, and in the ether direction the sea washed .deep against half a- dozen points between him and Garth. * He had nearly reached the little qove where the cliffs ran down to the level of the shore, when suddenly the grey figure of a woman moved out of the shadow of a rock and stood in his path. He stopped, and crouched low to the ground. • She advanced towards him fearlessly. At that time few Women in the neighbourhood would have dared to come out after nightfall, and the appearance of a man wonld have sent them away shrieking with terror. They were all afraid of meeting the madman, Emrys Tredegar. "tut this \S( man -walked up close to him. She was evidently a stranger. It. was he who turned to fly. But before he had gone a couple of yards a voice called his name, and he stopped. " Mavanwy !" he said, in a low voice, " Is that you ?"

The woman did not answer, hut came to his side, and laid her hand upon his arm. A silk scarf muffled her face.

" El-Drys," she repeated; " I want to speak to you."_

• And then he recognised the voice, and knew who it was.

"You here, Cynthia!" he cried, in astonish- ment. " What -brings you here.? At this time—now ?"

"What should bring me here ?" she broke in, passionately. "T have Come to save you ! I have come in time I I have tracked you to Garth. One of the detectives is dead. They say you killed him 1 The news in the papers brought Me clown. For a fortnight I have searched and watched and Waited. , I have run you down at last ! You must leave, here at once ! This very evening a fisherman caught sight of something moving in your hiding-place. They .are going to hunt the beach •to-night. Emrys, you must leave tt once! Here, I have money! Take it, but go at once !" - • And .she pulled out a thick 'wad of bank- notes and thrust it into his hand.

You are generous, Cynthia," he said, handing her back the notes. "But I cannot go." 4,11 1" she cried, in a hard voice. I; that

other woman! Yon cannot leave her I Then stay here and die— Oh, no, Ernrys, forgive me! I only want to save you! Leave this part of the beach before they come here. I implore you I" "Yes," Tredegar replied; I must find another lair for to-morrow. But you—l cannot leave you here! Even men are afraid to go out alone at nights." " I am not afraid of you, Emrys," she Aitit a smile.

He laughed bitterly. " No, no, of course not," he replied. " Wit there; is real danger abroad—something too terrible to contemplate! If it is not caught soon„ I shall probably suffer for its crimes. But I will see you home to Garth. You are staying there, I suppose ?" "Yes, with my father," she answered. He knows Mr. Walroyd, and has business with him. I wanted a rest, and persuaded him to bring rue here. It was only a short time ago that I found out that he knows this

===== 0002601_19030801_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
•v,,,,,,,,..A :1 -. • . ~ , ... ~,a,4%.9,.• .4,-c'"5,,, .',i-;,,,, ~- --`l'2l ":. ~,,, ~ 4,,,, ~., 1, ~- -, - Lt? w ~ .r,44 ....„ . -4 P.c.:3 ' ti;_;:. ,e ~,c.*..—:.s --A,likanw . „,l• ' ":47.' ':,"Z' *. ..- ?.- ,:. ; ' • 1". , ': `;',• ;.,-;-... .-,.:0.4 .e.,,5, 0y . ~,:', • ~, .- ~ , "4r,n. ',,,,ti.,, 0

CHAPTER Xi.—Continued.

The crunch of Walroyd's ieet on the shingle beneath had grown fainter and fainter as Tredegar had proceeded Or his way, till at last it died out altogether. But, looking over the edge, he saw Walroyd 'trudging slowly along the beach, a mere speck in the moon- He lay down and watched him. Then he suddenly . started. Some three hundred yards behind Wairoyd another figure moved stealthily from boulder to boulder, and as he watched it he noticed that it moved in a very curious manner, not upright as a man, but on all fours like a beast. And yet not altogether like a beast,. for every now and _ _

then- it would move swiftly forwa-rd on two legs and decrease the distance between itself and John Walroyd. The latter appeared to be entirely unaware of its approach.

- Tredeear's blood ran cold at the sight. He had seen that ungainly movement once before. If John Walroyd did not turn and see his danger, he 'was a dead man. Tredegar picked up a stone and sent it flying on to the rocks below. Walroyd turned round sharply, and the pursuer sank fiat on the ground behind a small rock. And then, for the first time, Tredegar saw that something else moved on the beach nearly a quarter of a mile behind the thing that crouched among the pebbles. After a pause of two or three minutes, Walroyd continued his journey, but the thing still remained motionless by the spur of grey rock, and the newcomer crept nearer and nearer in the shadow of the cliff. Tredegar rose to his feet and ran as hard as he could .vt-tr the brow of the ascent. Three hundred yards further on the cliff toped down again to a height of one hundred and fifty feet, and at this point a narrow winding path led to the beach. He ran as though the devil were at his heels.

In- Jess than five minutes he had reached, the beach, and was moving slowly and softly over some ridges of slate to the projecting corner of the cliff which hid everything from his sight. When he reached it, he saw that the boat was close inshore against a small platform of rock, and that Walrovd was talking to the man in the bows. He looked carefully along the beach to the north, but could see nothing of the other two figures. A high spur of rock ran down almost Po the water's-edge from the place where he was standing. He looked at it enquiringly; the top was' broad and even, and if he could reach it, he could crawl along it to within a few yards of the boat. He tried two or three places, but with no success. He could not afford to risk a fall on the shingle. He knew that Walroyd was armed, and would not hesitate to fire on him. He would be shot like a wild bcast, and the whole country- side Would applaud his murderer. He could not, therefore, attempt any ascent where he could not be certain of a sure foothold.. At last, however, he found such a place, and, reaching the summit, crawled along to the end of the ridge.

He looked Over the edge, and saw that Wal-

rovd was still talking to the _stranger. The latter was standing now on the rock, and his back was towards Tredegar. He was a small man, and his head did not reach to Walroyd's shoulder. Then he suddenly turned, and Tredegar drew in his I;.reath sharply, and could scarcely prevent himself from giving vent to an exclamation of surprise. The little man was Mr. Cantrip. Tredegar puzzled his brain to think of any possible connection between the two men, but in vain. He leaned forward to catch ttieir conversation, but they were speaking in low tones, so that even, the boatmen could not hear them. The whole thing was so unsuspected and incredible that Tredegar could think of no solution to the problem. He had only seen Mr. Cantrip three or four times, and knew nothing about him, but it seemed an inexplicable circumstance that this little old man from River Street should have a midnight appointment with a mil- lionaire in Wales. But he guessed now that there was some mystery ,in the past life of the Walroyds, and he had a vague feeling that he was being drawn against his- will into a strange web of circumstances, and that even the horrible creature that had followed him to England was weaving some of the threads that would ultimately entangle his life. But he could not see into the darkness before him, and now, when a few words might have explained everything, he could only listen and hear nothing but the low murmur of voices. In less than five minutes Cantrip stepped into the boat, and the men pushed out from the shore. Tredegar could see that Walroyd no longer had the bundle at his waist, and that the old man was fingering something lovingly in the bows. The boat made straight out from the shore into the west, and for the first time Tredegar noticed a light twinkling on the horizon, and knew that a ship was waiting in the bay. In less than a quarter of an hour the boat had vanished in the haze upon the sea. But John Walroyd still stood upon the ledge of rock and gazed out across the waters.

Then suddenly a terrible scream broke the silence. There was a sound of pebbles flung up by a man's feet, and a second or two later a figure emerged from the shelter of the cliff —the figure of a man running as though for his life. A few yards behind him came a huge brown form, moving swiftly in leaps and bounds. Tredea°ar rose to his knees as they neared the rock, and looked round for some missile, but the-surface of the ridge was bare as a billiard-table. Walroyd's • hand went sharply to his pocket, and the barrel of his revolver glittered , in the moonlight. He raised it, but dared not fire. The two men were coming for him in a straight line. .

Then The foremost Man fell' on his face with a crash. Quick as thought Walroyd seized the opportunity and fired at the pursuer. He missed and the bullet spattered against the rock behind, and before he could fire again the two forms • rolled over and over on the ground, and there was a sound of snapping bones and a long, terrible wail of pain.

Walroyd was no coward. He knew when he fired that the murderer of three men was bs.fore him.' •He ran, hastily towards. the struggling mass of limbs so as to get in a shot without hurting 'both of the combatants, but fortune was against :him. His 'foot slipped on •a piece of wet seaweed, .and he went crashing to the ground. His revolver flew out of his hand.

He rose to his feei„ but before he could regain the weapon, he • was seized from behind and flung down in a heap among the pebbles. He did not stir. The creature leant over him, and then stooped and caught hini by the arms, .but before it could do anything further, its throat was seized in a powerful grasp, and it was forced slowly backwards from its prey. Tredegar had been watching the • whole proceeding from the top of the cliff, and this was the moment he thought fit to interfere. He had no reason to love John Walroyd, but he had every reason for saying him from this adversary. He had slid down swiftly from the rock, and th.rown himself headlong into the combat.

The creature loosed Walroyd. All its energies were required for this new foe. It seized Tredegar by . the collar, and literally tore. off one side of his clothes in a single sweep of its claws. Coat, waistcoat, and shirt hung in shreds from Tredegar's waist, and his bare side was streaked with long red lines of blood. He winced with pain, and drawing. back his right hand, struck the animal so fearful a blow in the face that the blood spurted from it, and its hair was crim- son in the moonlight. But before he could strike again the creature broke from the grasp

5Y HARRIS BURLAND, AUTHOR OF bAcoeßg:rrc.

of his left hand, and fled. Perhaps, with dumb, brutal instinct, it had recognid its adversary. Perhaps it realised that it had met its match. At any rate, it fled hcrwling along the shore.. *Tredegar sprang to the revolver, which lay shining on the pebbles, and steadying the weapon with his left arm, fired every barrel at his retreating foe. At the best of times he was not a good shot, and in the darkness and excitement of the moment, every one of his bullets went wide of the mark. He flung the revolver on the beach with an oath, and turned to Walroyd. The latter opened his eyes and stared up at the sky. Then he saw .Treclegar, and quickly reach- ing out across the pebbles for his revolver, he aimed it at the latter's face and pulled the trigger, five times in rapid succession. There was no report, and his hard *zeen face grew pale. He rose to his knees, and swung the weapon back to hurl at the man he thought ,to be his adversary. Tredegar quickly caught nold of his wrist and gripped it so tightly that the revolver fell on the stones with a clang. " That will do, Mr. Walroyd," he said calmly, "I don't know why you should want to shoot me. I have just saved your life. If I had been a minute later you would haw been a dead man. F have not come off scot ...lee myself." Walroyd did not answer, but stared wildly at Tredegar's face. The gigantic figure of the latter looked weird and terrible in the moonlight. ,His side was red with blood and :he shreds of his clothing hung down in -'estoons from his waist. A braver man than John Walroyd might have quailed at such an apparition.

You recognise me, I suppose," Tredegar continued.

"Yes," replied Walroyd, "1 recognise you." His face was white as death. Another man might have prayed for mercy, but Walroyd's quick brain was only searching for some means of escape. He glanced quickly to right and left, then suddenly sprang to his feet, and swerved out of the reach of Tredegar's arm. The latter picked up a heavy stone from the shingle and hurled it at the legs of the flying form with such force and accuracy that Walroyd gave a cry of paid and dropped on to the beach. Tredegar came up and caught hold of his arm. "What's this nonsense," he said sharply: "I have just saved your life, and you are flying from me as if I was trying to take it. I suppose -to-morrow you will itell everyone that you have escaped from the mad Tjedegar. You contemptible fool," and his voice rose with passion. "You will find out before long that you are after the wrong man. Why, I could kill you now, as easily as I could kill a rat. Perhaps if I spare you, you will unde;- stand that I am no murderer. But I will ensure your silence till I have left the neigh- bourhood. You untit:terab',7! idiot, if you only knew what it is you hart to fear,- you would pray every night- on your knees to God and thank Him that Einrys Tredegar was at hand to-night to save you." Furious with anger, Tredegar wrenched some strips off his clothing, and bound Wal- royd hand and foot, so that he could not move a limb. Then he carried him farther up the beach, out of reach of the highest possible tide. Walroyci did not speak a word, but he foamed at the mouth with impotent rage. "Do. you know," Tredegar said, as he set him down on the stones, "that I have given you two lives, to-night. You will repay me by hunting me down to the death. But if ever I meet you again, Mr. John T. Walroyd, I will let you know the sort of man I am to deal with."

With these words he left Walroyd and walked over to where another form lay motionless on the beach. He turned the body over so that the moonlight fell upon the face. It was a stranger, a keen, thin, foxy faced man with red hair. Tredegar searched his pockets for some clue to his identity. Among the half dozen letters addressed to— James Wright, Esq., The Red Lion, Ilanfihangel. he found one in a hand that he recognised. It was brief and to the poinc`... "Dear Sir,

"I enclose you a further io. I hope yuu will soon have news of what you seek.—C.C."

Tredegar crumpled the letter in. his great palm, and rising to his feet looked with con- temptuous pity on the face of the dead man. "A detective," he muttered to himself. "In the pay of Cynthia Cantrip. I wonder if she means me well."

CHAPTER XII,.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BY THE SARN OF CEFYN.

TREDEGAR ran towards Garth as fast as he could make his way over the rocks and shingle. Then he • climbed the cliffs and doubled back swiftly to the South. As he passed the place where he had left John Wal- royd, he peered over the edge and saw that the latter had not moved. Fifty yards away another form lay motionless. It was the body of the stranger, crumpled into a little heap like a dead insect. Treclegar passed the highest point of tha cliff and descended a long slope to a • tiny bay. Then he crossed this and began to ascend the next ridge of hill. A little way inland a farm- house stood white and bare in he moonlight. He looked at It, stopped a moment doubtfully, and then walked. boldly 111) to the gate. A sheep dog began to bark and rattle his chain. Tredegar flung himself upon the animal and strangled it.. He felt as though he had murdered a friend,: for he was passionately fond of dogs. But it was no time for senti- ment. Whatever stood .in his path that night had to be silent or to die. Five minutes later he had bre.)ken into the house and secured every "piece of food he could lay hands on, together with an old coat and a flannel shirt. He. left nothing that could possibly be eaten, and he emerged with a small sack full of loaves, hams, flour, butter, cheese, etc. He gave one glance at the dead collie, patted him tenderly on the head, and fled up the hill. He had decided on' his hiding place,. Two ,miles south of Garth there was 3 srrtS-A hole

in the face of, the cliff. It was about fifty feet from the ground, and not more than four feet :6 diameter. Twenty years before the date of • this story a mining engineer from London had spent his summer at Garth. In the course of his wanderings along the beach he had icked up a piece of , gold quartz, and his practised. eye had detected a reef on the slaty

iace of the cliff. He returned to bondon, haa -in assay made, and found that it ran about ounces to the ton. On the strength of . . .

is he obtained mining rights, floated a- small :ompany, arid they commenced boring an adit in the wall of rock. They took out sixty tons of quartz, and obtained about 2O ounces of gold. For two or three months Wal*s boomed like Australia in the palmy days of Ballarat. Mines sprang up like Mushrooms, and miners in far off lands started to pack up their goods and book passages to England. Then one fine day the reef disappeared, and the company dug through yards and yards of slate in the hope of finding it again. But never another pennyweight of gold did they take out of the concern, and the only asset of the company when it was wound up. was a tunnel some 200 yards in length. It was for 'this place that Tredegar was making. He had explored it often as a boy, and had been whipped more than once for 'returning ihome with torn and dripping gar- ments, It was one of these incidents that

===== 0002601_19030801_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
place."

"Why did you come ?" Tredegar asked, "What should bring you to a pLlce like this ?"

" I wanted to speak to you," she said, stopping- and clutching him by the arm. r? I had forgottnn for the moment. Your danger overshadowed all else. I did not come down here to follow you because— b:-..cause I care for you. 'I have, some pride left. But the present yOu left me--I have not thanked you for it--and—and— Oh, where in God's name did you get?"

He hesitated. He ha-d no- wish to tell her from whence it came.

" I picked it up," he said, after a pause. "on the coast of a desert island, where I was wrecked." •

The grip of her fingers tightened on his arm.

"Yes, yes !" she said, hastily. "Go on !" "That is all," he replied. " Why do you 'ask ?"

She loosed his arm and walked a few paces away from him. Then she returned swiftly. "1. will tell ran," she said, in a low voice. "Then, perhaps, you will tell me all you know. I have never seen: the half disc before, but the piece oi bracelet—it was once mine. My initials are on it still—and I gave it—to my husband."

"Your husband ?" cried Tredegar, in astonishment. "I did not know that you _ _

were married ?"

"I was married," she replied, with averted "but my husband left me eight years ago, and he is now. dead. - He was drowned at sea. I ' resumed my maiden name. He had covered his own with infamy."

eyes;

Tredegar stood as though- he had been carved out of Stone: Every trouble of his own was forgotten. The woman's words: swept over his, brain like a flood of fire, obliterating everything but the one cetktral fact which glowed like molten steel. The horror of it was inconceivable.

"Her husband !" he muttered to himself. "Her husband Oh, my God . , She could not see his face in the darkness, but she heard his muttered words, and peered up at him encjuiring,ly. "Yes, my husband," she said, ' slowly, and with an effort. "Tell me where :you found the bracelet. The truth, mind you—the truth

He was silint for a moment. M a low tone of pity: " I fcund iton the body—of a dead man."

Then he said

"Thank God 1" she said, with emphasis, " I thank God that he is"dead ! "

Tredegar shuddered, and roughly shook her hand from hi A arm.

"Ah !" she said, "you loathe me! You think I should be sofry. He ruined my life, and leftc,me. I have thought him dead for eight years, and to-night I saysthank God— Ah ! what is that ? Quich, Emrys I We have been talking-:—wasting time! Quick ! Hide or ritn I. Oh, it is too late--too late ! I-- Leave me, .quick—leave me I Oh, what have I done ?"

Tredegar swung round., on his heel, and saw half a dozen lights moving between him and the pathway Up the hill. At the same time there was the sound of two boats grounding on the shingle, and the rush of a small body of men from the other direction. He was surrounded 1

ir--"--

CHAPTER XIII: IN THE TOILS OF THE HUNTER.

FOR one brief moment Tredegar stood ir- resolute. He was thinking not of himself, but of the woman wh9 had come out to save him, and litho would be compromised for life. He turned, and .grasped her arm roughly. "Scream !" he said, a whisper. "Loud, so they can hear you I Quick !" She was silent 4

"Scream, damn you !" he said, hoarsely ; and he'..,grippc.cl her so tightly with his power- ful fingers that she gave A piercing shriek of pain. _ _

- Then he, ran swiftly from her side, as though he had .been surprised in an attempted murder. It did not matter which way he ran. On one side there was the cliff on the other the sea with two boats on it. Before and behind him the dark figures of his pursuers. • He moved rapidly up to those who had landed from the boats, and stopped. "What do you want he said, quietly. " Let me pass Half a dozen guns were levelled at him, and struck aside by the more prudent who saw that the other party , was in the direct line of fire. None of them moved forward.

"Let me pass !" he said. "I am Emrys Tredegar, and you had better not stop me !" "We will stop you all right !" said the voice of John Walroyd ; and some of the men laughed. Tredegar's ' blood boiled. He -could only remember that a fortnight ago he had saved this man's life. "You fools !" he cried. "You are after the wrong man. Let me pass I"

Again they laughed. - Then o he clenched his . fists and went straight for them. He knew the game was up, and that escape was practically impossible. Some, of them Were armed, .and though they would not dare fire while he was in their midst, they would loose a volley directly he got clear of them. It Would, indeed, be a miracle if one of them did not hit him. He realised to the full that they would kill him rather than let him escape. And so-he dashed into their midst for a last good fight. every. muscle in his frame strung

up for a contest that would leave its mark on more than one of his adversaries.

If they had not been so close together they would have moved aside to let him pass and trusted 'to their guns. But very shame kept them in position. The first two went spinning to the shingle. and then half a dozen leaped Upon him and tried to tear him to the groUnd... He tore off two, one with each and shook , the others with such violence -hat . they Aung off their feet and fell 116 env • from him, taking pieces of cloth off in their grips. Then another lot sprang upon him, and he saw the ugly flash of a knife. -He had restrained himself till then. His great Strength had .been almost a handicap, for he !mew that a blow from his ,fist might possibly be mortal. and then he would be- a murderer indeed. But the Nee glitter of steel roused him to a sudlen burst of fury. He catight the man's wri:it with one hand, and dealt him so terrific a Now on the arm with the other that the bone snapped, and the fellow shrieked . with agony as the knifl went tinkling to the

(To be continua.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
DIRECT FROM LE4NS.

Amongst the necessities of a household. as a wholesome beverage . . . cannot be surpassed."

That is Dr. Andrew Wilson on CAMBRIDGE LEMONADE sid. per Bottle. Leading Crocers.

MYERS & SONS, LTD., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
• p /• . to C IN e

AKES THrz: SKIN OFT as

cmoves nil ROUGHNESS, REDNESS, HEAT, di 17 r:IITATION, TA. N, anti S ii:-:E. SR! N SOFT, S EVI 00T IA , art ;I WH IT ALL Tiff.: YEAR PrilloD. Ddlightfullg COOLING Vt REFRESHING - during the surarnar Lr.t B ottles.6 cl(postfree,Sd),li,l/9, m.412/6 C:7. Ch . M. BE E T HAIM & SON, Choltepliam. -

M as S \AN/'65 11 V Y. 121 ,- co, Kr

===== 0002601_19030801_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
o‘.9'A'`be›,•..l- 0

ci PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NO3ILITY, &c. _ TO BE RIGHT UP-TO-DATE,

c

===== 0002601_19030801_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISH AT

tel 971-7.: elrk. I —II • Established 1815. Tel. 1121. MANCHESTER. c)\ The Largest, Best, and Cheapest 0 Provincial Furnishers. -•••

11() PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE finger-post Acts as a pointing e) 6 direct to Economy and Comfort. By its aid Furnishing becomes simple, as it contains 800 Designs of every possible requisite at 1 lowest possible price. Gratis, Post Free. Cash Quotations only. Easy Payments i o per cent. extra. xv Id

NTiIY

===== 0002601_19030801_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
EV7TTS OF THE WEEK.

-..- ;..------........„... /........--.-..„.....,-,.-#. : ~., , 4 4 ".,:__'•,P ‘74) , r .• q ..r, . , • • • ...R. .... i„ : , t , \./,•,,A, it,,,,..Y6f, ._,Q4- ,:‘,,,,,,,:,, ~,„ _,.. \ ' . t..l,Zk.tP,. ' • ,- -:-...ky,, ~.,-,„ 'f,'"ai.r.:,-4. - :• 1 - - __ _ • ...,,,,,,,:4,.... ......__ zr.,,,t7.5,,i' •- 41,?"- 4 ' °/ ' 11 - - ig Y72•4' 1 --- - - --- ---- .i,",t,r r•,-,.&.t*.'....::,f „.......-7- ------.ii / / _ .s*------------------------ ii/ ,7 - e---L-- _ ~, ..i.m,P%',L4Kaio- ,/,/ -.;,,-,:, • :,.", , 4:7.7R 1-1,;‘,,,,,,,. ..,----- 1; ...—"--11,C.:t..if..,,,,,,,,--,...-_- ------..:-T-4-F;;:i,',l-..cticcv:- .... ---- ,--......-..:11, - . - •_ , il !. i ;!I •_...- ___* 1,-2-...11, c_-_ I 7 '.. -%,...--,.--.._ " -- _ „:---;:„:,';'. -',,,,'-- -,-,; .",- ' :-,. ' '," •-: - ".:-, i"A ~ ,• ~ . „ ~ _ , , _„ \\l,.\__„. 4- ___ ~..!..',,?X-,-1-..7. . ~, „.,, ___ —,- „•,:,,,...\\ _1 , ~, ;.-..,-,,,, ,-,-., •.-„,--- ~ . .__.,„__. r- _ ~_ ~_:,-.., Eliiii„., 1 —___,..... Idgi- -1 , . --r _ ,`...--: _ —.) :..''''" ''' !' '''-- - -',- ' r:'.• ! . 7.. -''7''.''..,-..' ' '--1 ..- . .;v, -;--. 41 • . .. -.-• .• .• - -- .• ...,,.,) ,f(ti pf, s, I ...........9..r.••••• 0 ............... ..../:-.... ',' . '''.. r 9 , , i I-. ..,.: • • .'" C1:.'''..:...f 1 14. L..,4 1...-,- - ' tY, p,l 4-_,...-7:4 .. , *--1,-. .1 •: -/ ''..-. 11 1 H.- ---'"'-'--- ' -•.. ~'• '`..- ..-- .1,1- lil 11,11111041 P. • -''' -.;,;,..--..-:;..f,. el ;I 7---;..51y,f?!1`7-., -.: .:':-=,.: .::''' ~. ~.!_,-/- -11,4 111 r - --.:...,-;,..-:-.....--,?..:1,-'5:,,,- -...•-•,,,!; *:;',.:l ,•-•••„..--:::•.-'77,--- k7—r r...: ' - . ' ', ' . ''''•.•-:;.::•71'... ---,-7,..,.....____.............,......7-7--- _.............. 1.,.. .—. —.--....... -4 • '' .. 7.7—"...'.. ..... 7' —77-7--........., 1y......',..:`,..-' -_,..._-,:.:,,:r..•_*...--,.,,.. --‘ .• .' ,-,-...1.,,,- sig— -,,,,,,,.. „,. _______ ---.."--'----- ----:: —•-• --....=,,, ../... ~,,,? VW ' ................._.__......—•..........._.......--,—..,a...--...,—___,,. ..Z....,,,, --..... —..---...... re-r...--. . ~,.. ...........—.....d••'—....................... .................—.--i---.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW EARL POULETT AND HIS MAGNIFICENT MANSION, HINTON ST. GEORGE,

TEE ROMANTIC EARLDOM.

At last the vexed question as to who is the rightful Earl Poulett has been finally settled by the House of Lords, sitting in solemn session on the subject. Technically every peer has a right to sit upon such a question; but the custom is that a Committee of Privi- leges is formed from the law lords. Seven, including the Lord Chancellor, heard the pleadings in the case, under the chairman- ship of the Earl of Morley, and their decision was unanimously in favour of the " infant " claimant, the son of the third marriage, and against "Viscount Hinton," the ex-organ- grinder. The question before them was purely one of the title, as under the settlement of IS 53 the late earl and his father had cut the entail; the property was, therefore, free to be "left at discretion, Hinton St. George is one of the finest -mansions in the west of England, and under his father's will was left absolutely to the newly-established peer. Seldom, if ever, has there been such a sad and • sordid romance in the peerage, and it is verily a case of the sins of the fathers being visited on the children. In his early days the late Earl Poulett met the daughter of a Landport pilot in Portsmouth and married her out of hand, only to separate from her a few weeks later. Six months after the wedding a son, fami- liarly known to the public as "Viscount Hinton," was born, and the point at issue was that he, though born in wedlock, was the son of someone else, and Captain Gran- ville, with whom the Countess, nee Eliza Newman, had been living in Dublin, was sug- gested. The fact remains that the late peer repudiated parentage, contending that his wife was enceinte to someone else at the time of marriage. Though he &insistently lived apart from her, she bore other children and registered them in his name; and the House of Lords, on the 'famous Townshend prece- dent,. held that, though born duly in wed- lock, her son was not the son of her husband'

THE LARGEST STONE BRIDGE.

In these progressive days great engineering feats follow hard on the heels of each othere and new records are set up almost daily. The latest of these is the new bridge at Luxem- burg, which is the largest masonry bridge in the world and is wonderfully handsome. It is 136 feet in height and its principle arch has a span of 263 feet, which makes its appearance peculiarly effective. The bridge has been thrown across the river •Petnesse, which surrounds the town, flowing through a narrow ravine. Luxemburg, which is the

• „ a 7,

'; ..............,__,_

NT NEW LUXEMBURG

capital of the independent Grancl-duchy ruled over by the House of Orange-Nassau, has often been compared in situation to Jerusalem. It stands on a rocky platform, connected with the neighbouring country on the west. Else- where it is engirt by a steep valley 200 feet deep, in which nestle the industrial suburbs of Klausen, Pfaffenthal and Grund. The intermediate gorges are crossed by fine via- ducts, and of these by far the most splecidid is the new bridge of masonry with its huge span. In future it will be one of the sights of a show town.

i 1 -71,---,-%:-.... Avilalint% fp,. i jrN,,ii.l 3,. „ f? „ .sit„t p.z.--,„--2/__..., 1 A ). % 5:30( ',A . .? `f (mi. t - ;? -r. , ''l ' Sil .I'lll,- -------,.-eF • . r'.,i:i:•:.;',....,.•:(,, 0.77,..„-,0 Paall .d.„; , _i. . '.S. rit:ri.•;;FAti,l:4; , Alfl/0 1,, --- 7;;M#4 te' ~... 4 v.,,:;-:. ~ '.44, P. : '''1,,,..,%,,"--- - - --" -- -. i 4:,..ii,,, cr4:-„,,. . ~.---0-1 ,-. THE MAGNIFICE: BRIDGE AT

===== 0002601_19030801_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
BARNARD CASTLE'S NEW MEMBER.

Mr. A. Henderson, the new Labour member for Barnard Castle, is a native of Glasgow, and in his 4oth year. His parents immigrating to Newcastle-on-Tyne in 1875, he was apprenticed as a moulder with Messrs. Robert Stephenson & Co., with whom he remained till 1893: On the completion of his appren- ticeship he joined the Friendly Society of Ironfounders, and was soon installed into an official position, and for some years past has occupied a branch or dis- trict office. Since 1894 he has been the -workmen's secretary of the North - East Coast Concilia- tion Board, and in the year of his appointment as such was one of his society's representatives at the Norwich Trades Con- gress. Mr. Henderson has served upon the City Council of Newcastle-on-Tyne, upon the Durham County Council, and upon the Dar- lington Borough Council, of which he is still a member. He is a magistrate for Newcastle. Mr. Henderson, who is married and has a family, is a vice-president of the Darlington Temperance Society, being an abstainer, and a member for nearly 25 years of the Wesleyan body, has filled nearly every office in the connexion open to a layman, being at the present time actively engaged with the Dar- lington East Road Circuit, where his services as a local preacher are often in demand. He was formerly political agent to Sir J. Pease, and took part in the late contest in Woolwich, 6and subsequently at Preston, where he acted as agent to Mr. Hodge.

M.P.

)ep) . . •efiFOlN't, \. 40.444, . ~..': ..I) • il \\\l7:'.------- . d / • MR. A. HENDERSON,

===== 0002601_19030801_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
DEVONPORT'S TRIBUTE.

Seldom has a tour created such local en- thusiasm as that of the Prince and Princess of Wales to their duchy in the West of Eng- land, and from start to close it was most auspiciously carried out. It was their first visit since their accession to the Cornish title, used only for eight months during their fa- mous Colonial tour, and their new lieges were delighted to welcome them and do them homage. The royal family have always been popular in the West; and during his long tenure of the duchy of Cornwall the King always showed a keen interest in this parti- cular part of the country. Now his mantle has descended on the Prince of Wales, who in this, as in everything else, has proved him- self a worthy son of his father. His speeches

THE CASKET, MALLIT, AND CHISEL PRESENTED

TO THE PRINCESS BY DEVONPORT.

have been very happy efforts in oratory, and have gone down particularly well: and the impression created by this somewhat unus- ually lengthy royal visit has ben entirely favourable. Leaving • Mount Edgecumbe, .where the Prince and Princess had spent sevetal days with the popular Lord,Lienten- -ant of the county, they proceeded to Devon- pert for the launch :of the battleship .King Edward VII., wliich is the finest and largest battkship afloat, the first of a series of new 111,..n-o'-war'. which are b.ing acHed to thc it vv. One 'tangible token of their visit to and Devonport in particular, is the. e:tremely"handsome casl:et which was c'Ettel to the Princess. It is a fine piece of Avo'rkmanship, surmounted by a crown and azoned with various coats-of-arms. From Devunport their Royal Highnesses returned fo town after a most memorable visit..

.1 . /1 g . -'-i-o--7.-------. --;fr,T-.• .„ 1. , , ~ , . ill ' . 1 ti--.1 : i 1 • ','ir' I G. ',Yf•ii--'-----------------r------ ..-:--'--7..i ' • • ' ~. - C,' ' , ", —:' ''N. •,, ~...s ' ___. `"•• .04" ) 3 3Th IP l-, -- , ..,- ,

===== 0002601_19030801_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A BUSINESSLIKE NOVELIST.

Mr. Benjamin Leopold Farjeon, who has this week been laid to his last long rest, was born in London, and was educated in private schools. In early life he emigrated to'ku,.- tralia, and after some experience of the gold- fields of Victoria removed to New Zealand, where he assis- ted in starting the "Otago Daily Times," at Dunedin, in 186 r, of which o urnal, the first daily paper pub- lished in the colony, he was part proprietor and also man- ager. But this work, exhaust- ing enough for most men, was not sufficient for him, for while he was thus actively employed in

TUF. LATE M

FARJ EON

journalism he

-also devoted much time and study to the composition of plays and novels. He had determined at quite an early age to devote himself to litera- ture: One of his first published works was " Grif," which was issued in 1870, while he was engaged in New Zealand as a journalist, and was very favourably received. It at- tracted the notice of Dickens, and on Mr. Farjeon receiving an encouraging letter from the novelist he decided to come to England. He accordingly did so, and taking up his residence in the neighbourhood of Charing Cross, has since had a very successful career as a story-teller. Among his later productions have been " Samuel Boyd of Catchpole Square," "The Mesmerists,' "Pride of Race," and "The Mystery of the Royal Mail," this latter only published last year. In 1877 he married Margaret, daughter of Mr. Joseph Jefferaon, the celebrated American comediam

"freji 4t_ NI 4 • IL B. L.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING AND TENNIS.

The world of tennis is highly gratified at his Majesty consenting. to become patron of the Royal Tennis Club, to which belongs the famous covered tennis court at Hampton Court Palace, where his Majesty, in his younger days, frequently played. The court is the oldest in England, having been built by Henry. VIII., who was also a tennis player. Nearly all the modern covered courts have taken this famous old enclosure as their model. Formerly Hampton Court was the scene of all the. great tennis matches of the

day. Tom White, who -in his day occupied a high place among pliyer's, has been the pro- fessional of the, club for the last twenty-three years. The court is. always open to the public, and has innumerable visitors through- out the year. The Royal Tennis Club, by the way, is cherishing the fond hope that the King will, sometime soon, give their famous court a visit and play upon it as he. did in the. days of his youth..

- ---------,---.....-7-....—_-----_____,. .4.,:•,..---L-7-A--.--7.„1-------..a.--;t:---- ----7------•=4 # 1 :-# -4„. • =---...21,7--.--.,-,... ..,-.z.------ - ,_ _.. 1 ' i-‘,.!‘,.. •,: . --;”.21:2.7.4P;:e0-17-.- *l_,' If ..":2•• • ,1,4:).i,,,,,,.. , ,• :,:;;;Vr. ,l - .- --------_-11 ...--. -,-,,_,,,;' i :11',::'-;',i.„„kz-=:•:',..li ....___ -..f•i." Ili ! rlppl'-': : ii.,,.-,._7.7.---z.-.....,...---; ....•...------"Ff•—•-. .•4, 1 Pill ill . ..iir ' , .., 1 / i ,", !. :!, .', . , --4—'-,—......-- --_,---- ----z: •• . ..":• ,11 I 11. ' IC e:,"...6.30,,, :;• ,i- ~ •i,!,..L-'.: :. --7.777 iiii, • 'll 11 1111 lit Eiji --- ____ -

THE FAMOUS COVERED TENNIS COURT AT HAMPTON COURT PALACE, FOUNDED BY HENRY

===== 0002601_19030801_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 1, 1903.

drawn silently and smoothly •along the railed floor of the catafalque to the other side. Then the doors swung back and the service proceeded to its close. Mean- while, within the precincts of the crematorium proper, the coffin rested on a table on a level with the catafalque from which it had just come, and immediately in front of one of the two fur- naces at present in use in Golder's Green. On this occasion it was the second furnace, a yard or two away, which was to be employed, and accordingly, as soon as the flowers had been removed, the table, which travelled on rails laid aoross the floor, was rolled over to the required position. When the service in the chapel was ended, the superintendent of the crematorium standing beside the coffin, made a sign, and the sliding iron door of the incinerating chamber was raised, disclosing the narrow, low interior glowing orange red with aheat of 1800 degrees from the fire in the basement below. Then lightly, easily, by means of an iron rod which the superintendent grasped in one hand, the coffin was swiftly pushed forward. As I it entered the chamber, flame sprang instantlyaround it; BRITISH KHARTOUM. Ino sooner was it entirely within, than it was wrapped Of course, the new Palace demanded our first visit, in a shroud of fire. The iron door immediately descen- It was the first completed public building. It is hard ded, and the process of incineration was begun. to believe that only four years ago the place was a This takes, as a rule, about an hour and an half; if the tangle of undergrowth, of foul weeds, clinging to the coffin be of fragile construction, and be made of suitable ruins of Gordon's residency and veiling the site of his material, the time required is even less. In this case garden and rosery. Now the fair Palace rises over all the coffin was a heavy one of English elm, a wood slow this scene of Dervish villainy, a beautiful structure of Combustion, and two hours was necessary. The entire surrounded by tall, graceful date palms, and fine, lea operation was visible through a small talc window in trees of many species. For, by some strange forgetful- the door at the back of the crematory chamber. Thel ness, the Dervishes forgot to burn down or destroy the sight is not one that relatives and friends might be ex- trees, and so to-day the graceful new Palace rears its pected to watch, though at Hull they are permitted to white walls out of a mass of greenery such as we have do so, and sometimes avail themselves of the permission, not seen since we left Cairo, and the whole is, indeed, but there is nothing connected with it that should much more beautiful than anything there. render them reluctant to have it witnessed by a The Sirdar of Egypt is also Governor of the Sudan stranger's eyes.—From The World's Work. and this palace is his official residence. Above, the Union Jack and the Egyptian flag, with its star and crescent, floated side by side. Entering as Lady Win- gate's guests, we inscribe ournames in her book and are conducted up the wide, easy stair. On the way, we pass the spotwhere poor Gordon was hacked to pieces by the fiendish foes he came to save. A granite slab records the.tragedy. The garden-front of the Palace is quite open, pierced with lofty arches, disclosing beds of roses in full blossom (in January) and masses of drooping bougan- villeas and creepers, with tropical bloom of every shade of richest hue. The garden is of great extent, almost a park, and full of shady trees and rich greensward, with

"When our heads are bowed with woe were sung, and the "Dead March" played by the organist. A most sympathetic message has also been received from the Bishop of the diocese, as well as a letter of the deepest sympathy from the Rev. F. E. Powell, the previous vicar. Owing to the sad events that have lately occurred, "says the S. James' (Latchford), Parish Magazine," all Parish Notes are postponed until next month. The prayers of the faithful are asked for the repose of the souls of the departed, and for guidance for the patron of the living in the appointment of a faithful priest as Vicar of the parish. The Collect for Whitsunday is recommended for daily use during the month. "Lead, kindly Light, amid the encircling gloom, Lead Thou me on."

rillsof running ;rater sprinkling everywhere.— The architecture of the public buildings of Khartoum is novel, effective, and practioal. The Palace is the only one that aspires to elegance, and it is a light and airy structure of great beauty. The Gordon College is only half completed. Its style is very plain and massive, but has handsome arcades, giving shelter from the sun and connecting the class rooms. Almost all the build- ings in Khartoum have-been designed and carried out by the Royal Engineers, who happened to be quartered here at the time. The War Office, Post Office, Courts of Justice, are all far advanced. There is sign of preparation for building on many of the blocks and streets already laid out. The new city, will cover several square miles of streets and open spaces, and abundant room is-left for extension. Two banks are in full Operation—the 'Bank of Egypt and National'Bank. Tee hospitable Sudan Club is excel- lent, and situated inn garden of several acres. There is also a Soldiers' Club, a most efficient centre for the non-coms. The Zoological Gardens are beautiful, only wanting the beasts, which will be soon supplied from the game reserves. The Greek merchants are building fine warehouses, gradually removing their depots from Omdurman. One does not see any British merchants' stores ; but they are generally the late copiers, the Greeks are the pioneers.—From " The New Khartoum." in the Windsor Magazine. HOW A STORAGE BATTERY WORKS. The popular impression is to the effect that a storage battery stores, up electricity, and that the bottled-up fluid is held somehow under pressure, to be released on demand like highly charged mineral water. The prin- ciple of the storage battery is quite different from this, as the entire action is chemical, fundamentally. The storage battery is a simple piece of apparatus, mechanically. In its most familiar form it consists of two lead plates supporting active inaterials,a high oxide of lead' for the positive plate, and metallic lead ix a spongy, finely divided state for the negative. The plates are immersed in dilute sulphuric acid and con- tained in a glass jar or wooden tank lined with lead. Two plates, one positive and the other negative, con- stitute a couple, and a cell may be made up of as many couples connected in parallel as the requirements of discharge necessitate. That is, all the positive plates are connected together separately from the negative plates, which are themselves joined in one aggregation independent of the positives. A battery consists of a considerable number of cells connected usually in series—that is, the positive group of couples in each cell is joined to the negative group of the preceding cell so that the electric current passes through all the cells, seriatim. _

Now, "charging" a storage battery simply means passing a continuous electric current through it from i some outside source of supply, as a railway or lighting generator, and thereby causing certain chemical actions to take place. The eaergy of the current is thus stored up as chemical changes and recombinations, or in other words it is transformed into potential chemical energy. " Discharging" a battery is naturally the reverse of the process just indicated. The battery is connected to a railway, lighting, or general power circuit, and it at once begins to deliver current, generated by the reversed chemical actions which begin to take place as soon as opportunity is given for a current to flow. Back goes the battery towards its origlhal uncharged condition, and the cycle may be repeated over and over again, always with Cie same resulting chemical actions caused by, and then causing, the electric current.—Howard S. Knowlton, in The Engineering Magazine for August. THE UNFORTUNATE "GARDEN OF ENGLAND." Kent might almost be describedas the most unfortun- ate county in England this year. The fruit, on which its people depend so largely for their livelihood, has been practically rained, and the dearth of apples, pears, plums, and cherries is remarkable: The worst of it is that no compensating advantage is likely to be gained in the way of large prices, because the importation of fruit is such a rapidly expanding business. There is a saying among the men of Kent thAt a bad fruit year and bad hop year never come together, but we are afraid that this consoling proverb will prove the rule by the exception this year, since the hop prospects at the present moment are about as bad as can be. Blight, mould, and other diseases threaten to ruin a crop that under no circumstances would be large. Yet hops have ft way of recovering towares the end of the season, and it is just possible that the vrospects may improve. Unfortunately no such reassuring view is possible in regard to the —Country Lift. "SHE'S ALL THEI WORLD TO " " My ideal man," said Nancy, "Is ene of power; a knight Of strong right arm I'd fancy— Far reaching in his might." "Behold this arm," I vanted. " 'Twould reach round all the world !" "I'd like to see," she taunted, With lip disdainful curled.

• I put my arm about her Ere she had time to flee. " ' Tis thus 'tis done, fair doubter— You're all the world—to me !" TRUMAN ROBERTS ANDREWS IN SMART SET. THE KING AND THE MAFEKING GUN. "Deposited by His Mzjesty the King" is the legend inscribed upon the famous Mafeking seige gun now exhibited at the Royal United Service Institution. Rough thoughits workmanship may be, there is most certainly no present which the King could have received more proudly at the hands of an officer, or have set more deservedly before the eyes of his subjects. "The Wolf" (as the gun is called, after a nickname of General Baden-Powell) constitutes, indeed, in itself a memorial of British grit and resource and competence which should claim honour, and even reverence, as long as its metal endures. Every part of it bears witness to invention born of desperate necessity. Cast as it was during the seige in an old tank to which the necessary draught WM supplied by the vacuum brake off a rail- way carriage, it was mounted on the wheels of a thresh- ing machine. In truth, there is no en.l to the rough- and-ready expedients which had to be called into play in its manufacture. Nevertheless, here it is, a practic- able gun—a miracle of terrible usefulness, more inspir- ing to the visitor than the mightiest ordnance ever turned out with all the appurtenances and means of a great arsenal.—The King and his Nary and Army. A CREMATION CEREMONY. ' The subject of the disposal of the dead is little under- stood by the majority; it is also one into which senti- ment of the tenderest and most hallowed kind largely enters. Let it, therefore, at once be said that there is nothing in the nature of cremation, as such to wound the most sensitive or repel the most devout. The Writer was enabled to study the process in all its details at the new crematorium opened recently among the country fields at Golder's Green, a few miles out of London. The coffin, covered in purple cloth, and bearing a mass of beaetiful flowers, lay on a narrow catafalque ex- tending at right angles to the wall, in which just at the coffin's foot, were a small pair of metal folding doors. When the solemn words of committal were reached, a lever was drawn, the metal doors opened and the coffin by the aid of an invisable mechanism was

===== 0002601_19030801_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUICIDE OF A WARRIIAIGTON

Inca.

, The Rev. J. Yonge and Uncharitable

Judgments.

"Who are thou that judgest another ?" (James 4, part of v. 12) was the text upon which the Rev. John Yonge based his discourse on Sunday evening in Wycliffe Con- gregational Church. It seemed to him, he said,that the whole social life of our 'town needed rescuing and purifying from a plague of uncharity. People every- where seemed to be affected by a very unhappy epidemic lof uncharitableness, and to have contracted a habit of judging and condemning others whichwas very grievous and distressing. The last few days had witnessed a sad exhibition of it, which, to himself, at least, was exceed- ingly painful. The town, on Monday last was suddenly shocked by a terrible tragedy, the like of which in most ; respects had not occurred in our midst before. The shock had not been merely that suicide had been com- mitted because unhappily, deeds of that kind were not , infrequent. But the shock to the public mind had I come from the fact that the suicide was that of a Chris- tian minister, a preacher of the gospel of salvation, and ; hope and comfort ; a professed believer in God,who is " I the." refuge and strength of them who are in trouble. 1 The effect upon the mind of so sad a tragedy was indeed overwhelming and surely should be productive of the truest sorrow and deepest sympathy. So at lea-st,one might have thought. To his (the preacher's) surprise and dis- appointment, however, he had heard even from many , quarters—very hard judgments of him who then ended his life by his own act. If what had come to his own ; knowledge was typical of a general feeling, there would seem to be far more censure and condemnation of the Vicar's deed than there were pity, compassiwasympathy , for the unbearable grief which impelled him to it! He 1 (the preacher) had been intensely saddened by what appeared to him to be a great failure of Christian charity in this distressing and dreadful case. ‘Vhat was 1 the case ? It was that of a man devoted to his wife with a passionate love such as was not, perhaps very often seen. He came here to live and work because ad- vised that the change of residence might be good for her. She was in a delicate state which gave him hourly solicitude, and to which, night and day, he personally ministered with intensest devotion. He believed her state to have been produced by her faithful, personal watching over him, some few years back, when his own life was in peril for months. Nothing he could do for her was in his idea too much. Last Sunday—all his hopes and labours were defeated—and his wife suc- cumed in death. The blow was greater than he could bear! His heart was overwhelmed! His grief was greater than his faith.. His brain reeled, and he ended his life by his own act. He confessed that, if these were the facts no case could make stronger appeal for compassionate, consideration—or should silence more completely any harsh condemnation. ,Many people had said that the Vicar could not have believed in the religion he pro- fessed. "Should not religion enable a man to bear even ;so intense a trouble as this? What is the good of ; religious faith, if it break down here?" The answer to 1 that, at least, was this—that when reason was thrown from its seat, not even faith could prevail. "How could he hope," it was said, "for any mercy from God? Has Ihe not sealed his own eternal fate? Well there was 1 One that judgeth, and he had gone to that juster judge! It was no intention of his by making these references now to say a single word to lessen the natural power with which such a terrible tragedy should be regarded. If , the event should in any way contribute to the enhance- ment of life's sacredness in the mind of men, it might I serve even a valuable end. But he had felt it laid upon 1 him to give some expression to the deep pity that surely should be felt for a soul so crushed by uneadumble grief that it could do no other than force its way from , the earthly life. If the deed was the result of a deranged reason could either man or God hold the wretohed 1 doer responsible? Surelythat would be inconceivable. For himself (the preacher) he had hardly ever found it possible to think that suicide was compatible with ; absolute sanity. Especially such a case as this—inwhich ; grief was the unquestionable procuring cause. He I could, in some degrees,understand a man suddenly faced I with some calamitous exposure, which would entail upon him the merciless and expiable censure of the world, 1 rushing from the human tribunal and risking the Divine. 1 Such cases were on record, and he was not sure that there ' was not a very conspicuous one in the case of a military officer of renown, not many months ago. But this man I was overwhelmed, crushed, maddened by a bereavement ' and a grief that he could not bear. It was the language ,in the Book of Proverbs—" the spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity, but a woeided spirit who can bear ?" Surely some of them might have known or heard, of even devout Christian believers who bad found ; their reason tottering to its fall under the insupport- able weight of a great sorrow—under some devastatieg, desolating blow? Theyha,d been saved from it bysome • wise and timely interposition of watchfulness or restraint and gradually reconciled to their darkened , home and solitary life. He had himself been privy to a I sorrow of that kind in years gone by. and therefore he 1 could not bear to hear it said that this sad sufferer was undeserving of pity, and deserving only of reprobation 1 for his awful deed. The suggestion he felt called upon I to make was that Ms judgment was not left with us. Their deepest feeling concerning him should be that of Christien commiseratioß and compassion. We were not , all constituted alike. To every true and tender heart a I great bereavement was intensely hard to sustain. Some natures were more emotional than others. Love—which I bound two hearts together in the closest bond of life— could not endure the breaking of the bond without a , suffering that words could never tell. And if the pass- ing years had strengthened and intensified that marriage , bond by many a tie of gratitude, indebtedness, and devotion, its severance would, in some natures, prove a ; greater Anguish than could be borne. In this sad case there, were circumstances which had created very , peculiar and tender ties between those two souls. ' God only knows! And He alone is Judge. Surely our province was to be silent, if we could not say a pitying word. But if we felt we could pity a soul so demented by grief, let us give expression to it and help to put an end to the sharp censures and cold condenination6.which I others expressed.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. F. E. Powell and the Tragedy.

Preaching on Sunday morning, at Sewerby, from the text "The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that Day; and in how many times he ministered unto, me at Ephesus thou knowest very well." —2 Tim. i. 18, the Vicar, the Rev. F. E. Powell, said : The fewest words are perhaps the best concerning the awful tragedy which has plunged two congregations--at Warrington and Sewerby—with many other personal friends into the most poignant grief. In the presence of an event so terrible,the heart seems instinctively to seek to express itself in the words of the Psalmist, who in the agony of his own sorrow, avers, "I held my tongue, and spake nothing; 'I kept silence even from good words, but it was pain 1 and grief to me." Those of us who knew the warmly affectionate, emotionally impulsive nature of Frederick Pearson need no assurance that only in a fit ' of the direst frenzy (in which we believe he was temporarily but absolutely irresponsible) could so rash an act, which his own normal conscience would not hesitate to denounce as shocking and wanton, be per- petrated. It is unspeakably sad to think that he who bore his own physical sufferings so cheerfully, should by his deeply acute grief in the loss of onehe so devotedly loved have become so completely unhinged in mind, ; that the restraints of reason conscience and religion I were disregarded. In the happening, therefore, of a tragedy so dark and perplexing,it is probably most • fittin,, for the deep and troubled thoughts of our hearts to find relief in the words of another Psalm: "I became even as a man that heareth not; and in whose mouth are no reproofs." "The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that Day !" But what for ourselves who have witnessed this spectacle of human infirmity which has so loudly called for our pity? Let us, one and all, "forbear to judge, for we are sinners all." But at the , same titne let us, one and all, take solemn heed and warning. No attempt, however sincere and well-inten- tioned, must be made, or even appear to be made, to disguise from us the awfulness of the sin of self-destruc- tion. The sacredness of human life, the wonderful dignity of human nature, the infinite mystery which hovers over a man's personality—and since Christ has exalted humanity on high —the magnificent potentiality of a human soul, makes the enforcement of the sixth commandment , so necessary that no thought of endearment which binds ; us to anyone whatever,must be allowed in any way or ; degree to lessen its cogency or power for us. Before God I dare not say yes ; before my fellow-men I will( not say more. Questions concerningany particular cage i which are bound to agitate,to perplex, almost to madden I us we will make no attempt to answer; we leave them to Him Who only can resolve them. Sincere regard and deep compassion for one whom we love must not blind us to the solemn duty we owe to the Church, and to the community at. large in which these terrible episodes are becoming alarmingly prevalent.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Other References.

The services at St. James' Church on Sunday morn- ing and evening were conducted by the former curate, the Rev. A. N. Taylor, and were well attended. No ser- mon was preached but Mr. H. N. Houghton, one of the wardens, had received a very sympathetic letter from the Rev. R. Greenall, rector of Grappenhall and patron of the living, with reference to the death of the Vicar and Mrs. Pearson. This was read. The itector, who is on a visit to Windermere, wrote: " I hAve heard of the awful calamity which has be- fallen the parish. Poor Mr. Pearson appears to have broken down mentally through anxiety on Mrs. Pearson's account. The sad misfortune has affected me most deeply, and I feel sure that you and all the congregation are in a like position with myself. In such cases we feel so helpless, so utterly incapable of giving any aid, or suggesting any alleviation. Kind regards to yourself and any of the congregation who may be pleased to know that I am in sympathy with them in-their trouble, and pray for them that Gainey mercifully allow good to come from the eadand moving calamity which has come upon St. James's -Parish." The hythns "Days and moments quickly flying" and

===== 0002601_19030801_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN WHO "NAG."

A physician recently expressed his belief that, nine times out of ten when a wonum " nags " she is tired. Tired, mark you, not because of too much work, but too little strength. The physical and mental "tire "which is born of indigestion. That makes women shrews,atest, angry brutes. Indigestion means starvation and starv- ing folk are seldom pleasant company. The cure is food eaten with a relish and digested as a perfect mill grinds grain. Mother Seigel's Syrup restores appetite and makes food nourish you. It clears the head, strengthens the limbs evens the temper,cures indigestion, restores good health, all by virtue of its power to heal and strengthen the digestive system. Thus it helps you "keep the peace."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGAZINE CUTTINGS.

CRICKET.

TUE most pleasant form of entertainment during Summer is the Garden Party, with its charming amusements of Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminton. and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest parfection by the famous manufacturers, Go BUOSEY Ask local Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue. If not procarble, apply to 36 & 33, Queen Victoria Street, London. Factories—Peckham, London: and Birnawall, griffon(

WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN.—A draw was the result of this match at Earlestown, neither side being able to claim any advantage. Score : WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN. Lynes c Alderson b G. Husband c Bibby b Howarth P. H. Hawtin b Howarth 21 T. Marsh run out 43 W. H. Podmore b J. Miller b Thewlis Howarth J. W. Bibby b Davies A. Thewlis b Howarth ... 1 S. Henderson°. Thomp- T. Houghton b Alderson 8 son b Thewlis .1.: A. Briggs b Alderson 0 G. B. Leigh not out 8 E. E. Woods lbw b T. R. Howarth not out 1 Davies J. Tho mpson run out 23 J. Callon not out G. Hampson c Leigh 'o _ _ _ . 4 . 10

Ho worth Extras

E xtras 2

Total 165 Total (for 5 wkt5)...145 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN. 0. M. R. W. 0. M.. R. W. • Howarth ... 14•1 2 46 5 Lynes Hatton • Alderson ; Davies ..... 8 0 37 2 Husband ... 2 0 8 0 WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN (2ND ELEVENS).— This return match was played at Warrington on Saturday the home eleven winning by five wickets. ScOre:— EARLESTOWN. WARRINGTON. 1 F. J. Reade c Duckworth E. Pierpoint b Harrison 12 b Pierpoint 1. d Plinston b burton • Burton) W. Rylance b Burton 'J. W. Burrell b Burton 0 C. D. Bromley not out 38 T. Bartley c Dentqn b J. Hallam c Burrell b Pierpoint 2O Morse 2O •W. Morse not out 25 A. Duckworth b Morse 12 •F. Valentine b Bennett 1 W, Bennett not out ... 23 ' A. Limond lbw b Bennett 12 • F. Clare b Bennett 8 H. Warburton b Bennett 0 • W.' Harrison b Bennett l3 Extras

13

Extras

Total 124 Total (for 5 wkt5)...136 ,• SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. IRL.A.AI C. W. S.—Played on Saturday on the ground of the former, and ended in a win for the visitors by eight runs. Score:—

WIRE MILLS. IRLAM C. W. S. I Woodcock b Caldwell ... 3 Harrison c R. Cook b

: Clarke b Tutin 1 Doody '• J. Evans b Caldwell Gough b Caldwell 0 Foden b R Cook 4 Doody c Caldwell b Ashton b Doody 0 'rutin 4 Green b Doody W. Evans b Tutin •H. Cook b Tutin •R. Cook b Tutin 0 Savory b N Cook 3 S. Hattonlbw b Caldwell 7 Melville b Doody Powell not out ,N. Cook b Caldwell • 0 Taylor not out I Extras

Total 33

Tota,l ' 4l

LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. C.L.C. ENG INE ERS .—The above teams met at Battersby-lane on Saturday, and the visitors gained a decisive victory. Score :

C. L. C. LATCPIFORD. J. Duckworth b Conway 6 J. Lester run out J. Monks b Conway 1 W. Warburton b Monks 2 P. Lawless c, Hunt b Con- T,Albinson c Lawless

way l4 b Monks J. Hackett b Wilkinson '4 A. Albinson c And b E. Jordon run out 2 Lawless 3l S.Howard c& b Wilkinson 8 J. Conway b Lawless 1 R. Brown o Conway b A. J. Hunt run out 22 Albinson A. Naylor b Hunt ....-... 0 J. Wilkinson a Naylor W. Wilson bA. Albinson 2 b Deely F. Deely at Lester b J. Cox b Deeley. ll Hunt _ _ _.._ . . _

J. Cox not out 0 E. Cliffe not out Extras 4 Extrm „. 6

Total

Total 118

STRETTON AND APPLETON V. FATRFIELD.—PIayed at Appleton on Saturday, resulting in a win for the home team. Score : STRETTON AND _APPLETON. FAIRFIELD.

Johnson bffoods 1 Ball c Newall b Moor- A. Jones c Brandreth b field 0 Boardman 3 Howard c Moodield b Shaw lbw b Woods Moorfield b Woods 2B Burley b Moorfield 0 Oliff c Nield b Brandreth 13 Brandreth b -Moorfield 0 G. Hatton 6 Burley b Boardman b Shaw 9l Boardman lO Whittle b Shaw l3 F. Hatton run out 9 Woods c F. Hatton b _

Norbury c Nield b Moorfleld 2 Woods Dunn c Woods b Board- 31 oorfield 0 man 0 A. Price c, and b Moor- _

Broady hot out Nowall b Woods 0 Haigh c Broady b .71

Saw - 12- R. Price not out 5 Extras .. 9 Extras

Total 79 Total ST. MARY'S ATHLETIC C.C. V. FAIRFIELD 2ND.— At Fairfield. Score:— FAIRFIELD 2ND. ST. MARY'S C.C. Birchall b Ball 6 Corcoran c Taylor b Haigh st Dean b Ball J. Box b McKay 1 Dean b Box 2 H. Essenhigh b McKay 0 Ball b Box Daintith b McKay 1 Mather c & b Birchall 1 Taylor b McKay 2 McKay b Taylor 4 Eyres not out 2 McDonald c Eyres b L. Essenhigh c Cross b Box • 5 Ball 0 Henegan b Box G. Box run out Isherwood b McKay 0 Cross c Birchall b Box 0 Yeomans c& b Mclila McCarthy not out 0 Extras

Extras

Total l7

Total

OROSFIELD'S V. WEA.VERHAM.—At Arpley on Satur- day. A fair breeze blew down the pitch, and scoring ruled low on either side. For Crosfield's, Ford, with 15, was the top scorer, whilst Johnson made 21 for the visitors. Result :—Crosfield's, 39; Weaverhana, 34. LA.TCHFORD BAPTISTS 2ND V. " GUARDIAN " OFFICE. —This match was played on Saturday on the ground of the first-named club, and resulted in a win for the " Guardian " Office by 28 runs. J. MOSS and W. Massey batted well for the visitors contributing 40 between them, and J. Callan bowled well for the home team, taking six wickets for 12 runs.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
L. 100

We could afford to pay -I:, oo for a dissatisfied buyer of Fels- , Naptha.

Doubtful whether there ever wLs a dissatisfied buyer, in the

strict sense.

We return the money, and then inquire. She didn't follow instruc-

tions.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19030801_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. GROSFIELD'S GIFT TO WARRINGTON.

Opening of the "Crosfield Conservatory." Mrs. John Crosfield,formerly of Walton Lea,butnovv re- siding at Colwyn Bay,paid a visit to Warrington on Tues- day, and very gracefully performed the opening ceremony in connection with the conservatory she has presentedto the town,and which in future will be known as the "Crosfield Conservatory." The conservatory is the outcome of a gift of camellias which Mrs. Crosfield desired to make to the town. The Corporation found themselves unable to house the plants in the gardens, and Mrs. Crosfield then kindly offered to build a con- servatory at her own expense. The work was commenced without delay,and Messrs. Halliday & Sons, of Middleton near Manchester,are to be congratulated on the beautiful structurethey,have erected. It occupies the site of the old vinery house,on the Kendrick-street side of the gardens, and forms a pleasing addition to the attractions of the park. Thecamellia plants, about 30 in number,have been carefully arranged and planted by Mr. Parker, the head gardener to the Corporation. All thoplants,with the excep- tion of twohavestood the change,and therelis every/pros- , pect of the plants thriving. In addition to the camellias in the new conservatory, there are also to be seen a lapageria, presented by the Mayor and another by Alder- man Bolton, as well as a number of flowering plants which have been placed in the semi-circular part of the conservatory near to the principal entrance. A large gathering assembled to witness the opening ceremony. As a souvenir of the occasion, the Corpora- tion presented Mrs. Crosfield with a solid silver rose bowl, of early Chippendale pattern, and bearing the arms of the borough beautifully enamelled thereon. The inscription surrounding thearms read as follows "To Mrs. John Crosfield, from the Corporation of War- rington, on the occasion of the opening by her of the Crosfield Conservatory, presented to her by the town 28th July, 1903. J. CHARLTON PARR, Mayor." Messrs. Eustance and Company, of Sankey-street, supplied the bowl.

Mrs. Crosfield (who was accompanied by Mr. Arthur H. Crosfield, Miss Crosfield, and Mrs. Hales) were received on Tuesday afternoon in the vestibule at the Town Hall at three o'clock by the Mayor and Mayoress. Amongst others_ present at the time were Mr. Roger Parr, Alderman Bolton (chairman of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee, Alderman Smethurst (deputy chairman), Aldermen Fairclough, Hutchinson, Bennett, and Heaton; Councillors Brophy, Ellison, James Evans, and John Roberts; the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle), Mr. Woodcock (assistant treasurer and borough collector), Mr. Charles Madeley (curator and librarian), Major Roome, Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. Willis, Mr. John Harrison, Mr. Kipps (Mrs. Crosfield's head gardener at Colwyn Bay), and Mr, Parker,the Warrington Corporation head gardener,and a number of well-known local ladies. Letters of apology for non-attendance had been received from Aldermen Francomb and Monks, Councillor Dodds, Mr. George F. F. White, and the Borough Treasurer. Alderman Francomb wrote :—"I very much regret that a previous engagement in Manchester will prevent me attending the opening of the'Crosfield Conservatory' by Mrs.' Crosfield on Tuesday. I feel convinced that such spontaneous generosity on the part of Mrs. Crosfield will ever be thoroughly appreciated by the people of Warrington."

PRESENTATION OF THE CONSERVATORY. The party assembled in the Council Chamber where the presentation was made.

The proceedings were presided over by the Mayor who asked Mrs. Crosfield to make the presentation. ' Mrs. CROSFIRLD, who had a cordial reception, spoke as follows :—I was very pleased when the Town: Hall, Parks and Baths Committee accepted the gift of the camellias. I wish to thank them, especially Mr. Lyon Whittle, Mr. Longdin, and Alderman Bolton for the kind and ready help they have given me in the matter. This park, as most of you know, was the gift of the late Mr. George Crosfield, and when he lived at Walton Lea. he took a great interest in these same camellia trees It was he who first started growing them there,nearly 40 years ago. It, therefore, seems ame that it is most fitting they should find a home here. lam very glad to hear that with the exception of two, all the trees have stood the change, and are doing well, and I have no doubt that' under Mr. Parker's good care they will blossom quite as well in the town as they used to do in the country. I have been very pleased to provide a house for them, and think you will agree with me that Mr. Halliday is to be congratulated on the suitable and well-built conservatory he has erected. (Hear,hear, and applause.) lam in hopes that this house mayprove the beginning of something larger and better, and that in time to came Warrington may have winter gardens such as so many of us have seen and enjoyed in foreign 'towns, and which are now becoming general at many of our seaside resorts. It is a project which Mr. Lyon Whittle, Mr. Longdin and others, who wish for the wel- fare of Warrington, and the beautifying of our smoky town (forgive the expression) have long had in their minds, and would like to see realized. I have very I greet pleasure in opening this conservatory, and I hope I it may give enjoyment to many of our townspeople, especially to our poorer townspeople, whose lives are passed in surroundings not so bright as some of us have the good fortune and happiness to enjoy. The MA.YOR, in accepting the gift, said he had the honour and the pleasure, of a.coepting, as Mayor, on behalf of the town, that magnificent colaservatory ; they might call it a miniature Crystal Palace. (Hear, hear.) Ile did so with a great and a deep sense of grati- tude, first as a most handsome and welcome addition to the park and gardens, and next as evidence of the kindly interest Mrs. Crosfield still took in Warrington awl its surroundings. She and her family had removed to a fresher and a more congenial atmosphere, where flowers grew and flourished in the open without the assistance of a glasshouse. He ventured to say thatat Colwyn Bay even camellias might grow in the open air, as he knew they did in many parts of Herefordshire, though in their industrial centre, and in that somewhat murky atmos- phere, they required to be protected by glass. It was I not only for the house theyhad to thank Mrs. Crosfield but for the camellia plants, which had such a suitable, excellent, and appropriate home. it would be in the recollection of many present, and of many who were not present, but for whom he felt he might speak very con- fidently,with what pleasure and enjoyment they welcomed the days when the late Mr. John Crosfield opened his gardens to the public to give them an opportunity of enjoying the sight of his beautiful flowers, and notably Qf the camellias, now the property of the town and the inhabitants. (Ap,nlense.) They all recognized the noble and refitting eifects of the study of nattzreand hor- ti.talture, and whereas through the oaprioious and uncer- tain character of their climate and the lack of sunshine especially in winter, plants were impossible of culture in the open, they had in the beautiful conservatory in the gardens a means of producing and growing plants, which he was sure, would be keenly appeciated by the population of the town, especially by the poor, who had no other opportunity of seeing and admiring them. (Hear,hear,and applause.) In accepting the gift on behalf of the town he did so with a deep sense of the kindness and generosity which bad prompted Mrs. Crosfield to make it, and to assure her that it would rank among the many acts of kindness for which the town was so much indebted to the Crosfield family, past and present. (Ap- plause.) Might he also express the hope, which he knew would be shared by every man, woman, and child in Warrington, that Mrs. Crosfield might often favour them with her presence, and so be able to recognize by personal experience the pleasure and enjoyment her gift would afford to the appreciative public of the Borough withip the gardens ? (Applause.)_

===== 0002601_19030801_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
A SOUVENIR: FOR MR:S.atRaVIELD.

The TOWN CLERK then placed the rose bowl on the table in front of the Mayor, Mayoress, and Mrs. Crosfleld.

The MAYOR hoped he would be pardoned for rising again, but he had another pleasing duty to perform. He had been requested by the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee to ask Mrs. Crosfield's acceptance of a com- memorative token of that memorable day. It was felt she would appreciate a little souvenir from the town to mark the day, and that it could not take a more appropriate and acceptable form than a flower bowl with a suitable inscription. They hoped it might often have the chonour of receiving from her hands its com- plement of roses On other flowers, and that when she arranged them she might remember Warrington, and think of the pleasure and enjoyment her kind munific- ence had provided not only forthe people of the present, but for the generatioas yet to come. (Applause). Mrs. CROSFIELD, in reply, thanked the Mayor extremely for the beautiful gift which had been given to her to remind her of that interesting occasion. She did not require anything to remind her of the town in which she bad spent so much of her life, and which would always hold so high a place in her affections. She would always treasure that charming bowl as a souvenir of her connection with Warrington as well as for its own sake, and for the kind thought which prompted them tq give it her. (Applause.) VOTE OF THANKS TO THE MAYOR.

Alderman BOLTON, in proposing a vote of thanks te the Mayor for presiding, and for making the presenta- tion, said he did not think they could have had a better I chairman. The committee put the right num in the , right place when they asked him to attend on that occa- sion. (Hear, hear.) The committee heartily thanked Mrs. Crosfield for having given them the camellias, and he could assure her that they would do ' their best for them. He believed camellias would grow in a smoky town' and he hoped that they would be as successful with them in Warrington as Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield were successful at Walton Lea. The house was a credit to the gardens, and to the town,and the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee would do their best to make it a credit to all concerned. (Applause.) Alderman SMETHURST seconded the vote of thanks and said they all felt highly indebted to Mrs. Crosfield for her handsome gift. It was appreciated by all in the town, high and low, rich and poor. (Applause.) The motion MIS heartily agreed to. The MAYort, in acknowledging the compliment. said he had seldom been in a more enviable or delightful position, and that was to be the mouthpiece of a grate Jul town in accepting a most magnificent present, which- would not only be a charm and pleasure to the present generation but many generations to come. (Applause.) The party then proceeded to the conservatory, Mr. Crostleld being accompanied by the Mayoress. Mrs. Crosfield expressed herself delighted with the conserva- tory and with the general arrangements.. A tour was 1 mile round the park, and on teterning to the Town Hall,tea was served in one of the committee rooms.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
VITRA PILLS

For CooliliE gild Clensiil/ Ito Bloog Ri ER

In Cases of Itching, Burning, Scaly Humours,

And for Renovating and En- riching the Blood.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The Best. and Most Economical

Yet Compounded.

Cuticura Resolvent Pills (chocolate coated) are the product of twenty-five years' practical laboratory experience in the preparation of remedies for the treatment of humours of the skin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair, and are confidently believed to be superior to all other alteratives as well as liquid blood purifiers, however expensive, while enabling all to enjoy the curative properties of precious medicinal agents without consuming needless, expensive and often injurious portions of alcohol in which such medicines have hereto- fore been preserved. Cuticura Pills are alterative, antisep- tic, tonic and digestive, and beyond question the purest, sweetest, most suc- cessful and economical blood and skin purifiers, humour cures and tonic-diges- tives yet compounded. Medium adult dose, one pill. Complete external and internal treat- ment for every humour may now be had for 4. 9d., consisting of Cad- cum Soap, to cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to heal the skin, and Cuti- cura Resolvent Pills;to cool and cleanse the blood. A single set, costing but 4s. 9d., is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring skin, scalp and blood humours, eezemas, rashes, itehings and irritations, with loss of hair, from infancy to age, when phy- sicians and all other remedies fail.

MERRY WEATHER'S ' 0000 ),>• - HIG • CLASS -7CARDEN HOSE LPNCLACRE.L.;(....NDON. LARCEST MAkEI-?S OF HIGH ;CASS HOSE IN THE WORLD.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU BAD LEG

With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. pariait T 1 surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that whim you press your finger on the inflamed 'part It leaves the impression? M ho, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can reco*er; but gu on suffering till death release* you. Perhaps yont knees are sa ollen, the joints being ulcerated, the sanae with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, it allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had medical advice and been told your case is hopelost4. or advised to submit to amputation; but Uo nolf, for 1 van cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Becausa others have failcd, it is no reason I shoujd- Send at, once a Postal. Order for is. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 73; Farringdon-stre et, London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is &certain remedy for the mire of Bad Legs, Housemaid's ii.nee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands, andi Bunions. IR egisteredCopyright.i • - - -

One Grade o*—TNE BEST. pREREER.L.F.,.I4s. .11.. Monthly. BtoyoLEs Wet Free, P.R. Dept. PREMIER WORKS, Ccowerxtry. London Deptit, 20, Holborn Vlsduct, B.C.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
4G'S-,,,... VIDER

TfNs 3. 6i. is

.BELLOWS 9d .

CRITCHLEY'S STARC Registered No 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

SS.

IJedi In the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEI% _jn ever offered to the Laundress for averting an Ivory !finish to itarched Linen.Laces.ete It does not stick to epider-weh-llkd materials. Soli everywhere in Packets at id., 34.. and 6d.. each. PBEPARED ONLY BY

T. e.4lTO4L'air. e 1113 L, BLIOKBLIRM.

7, Wumecrose Strott, Lou ton, M.O.

, _ ~,,:,........,,... _,:. t w ~. ~,- ..- .7,4rivo,:,:silezif;,..: 1.... p ..., • „,.)::01,„,,...., ~ '116,-,_. ~ 4g_ y -,..-4,,--•.-Ve,.- ' —,,,,-?.r.7%,,... '''' 1,: .., "t:),., 7 .. - -.:,- .; iIiBEETLES'.

-11-1, * ' I.' )Itil, I ,111 1. I 1, • , 04 -;

P." The greatest booi

===== 0002601_19030801_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
!(EA I t 'PO

I 1 i ' ' it , , 0 . , 0 IA

===== 0002601_19030801_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, t p, '4ll

===== 0002601_19030801_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
1

.

• , • I

.

• ;

•

===== 0002601_19030801_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Immo

he " o;:anurter itoents

TiE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHREIHIRR Eximunca." published every Saturds— morning.

T" ..EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon.

T" " ST. HELTINS EXLMINBIt," published every Friday afternoon.

T" " Rtnvconx ExLmlNEß,"lpublished every Friday afternoon. THE " "Timms Exikraryint," published every 2. Friday afternoon.

PRFIPA.TD ADVER'CISEAENT ARTMENTS WANTED HMIS ES:WINI ED PIRT.MENTB TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD RTICLES LOST HISCELLINEoUS WANTS TICL2i EfIUMD ÜBCF.LL LNEOUS SALES Three Six Weeks. Weeks. ls. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od, ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. Id. ss. Od. 3s. Ed. ... 6s. Od.

One

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 64

Bomeqtit goerbants. etr

wANTED. a GIRL. 16 or 17. for housework.—Apply 44, CASTLE STREET, Tyldeeley.

WANTED COOK GENERAL for Country Hotel.—Apply ASCRoFT. Rufford, Ormpkirk.

WANTED Strong experienced Young General SERVANT for small famlly.—Apply 2. PARK AVENUE, Southport.

WANTED GENERAL, able to wash; small family: rod home.-16, ENTwisTLE ST, Whitworth Park, Pd!chester.

- - WANTBEI Good GBNBRALSBRVANT* comfortable home to a reliable Md.—Address, MOORYIELD liousE, Bred- bnry, Stockport.

-ANTED. COOK-GBITHHAL ; also young Housemaid, --vv three in family; state wages required.—Mrs. CooK, Oakfield, Abergele•

WANTBD August 20th. for two ladies, GENNRAL wash and plain cook, Protestant-22, Sr. THomes's BOLD, Ohorley, Lane.

IiVANTED HOUSEMAID-WAIT/MSS, with good refer ences.—Apply, by letter, MR. CIALLow.a r. 91, Fowls- road, Ashton Preston.

WANTED Respectable GENERAL for business house. No washing, Age 18 to 20. References.—Appy PAITICN 14, Castle-street Stockport.

IVANTBD MINERAL, reliable and useful. from 25 to 30; wages £lB to £2o.—Mrs. TRAvis, Clovelly, Clifton Drive, Lytham, Lancashire.

AT ANTED GENERALS for Private and Lodging houses good cbaracter.—Stamp for reply Has SPENCE,Regie- try,l2o Bonney street, Blackpool.

WABTBD. respectable SBRVANTS for Hotels, Restaur nuts. Company Houses, Shops, etc.—Apply Mrs. FURNEAS, Adelaide place, Blackpool,

WANTBD for Bowdon good COOK-GENJIRALS and Housemaids; good situations, good wages.—Mrs EVANS, 20, Meadow bank. Altrinebam.

ylii ANTED COOK-GENHRAL for small family ; no wasb- ing ; housemaid kept.—Apply to Mrs. LEDWARD, Oakleigb, Park•road, Hale, Altrineham.

WA. GBNBRAL (experienced) esrly in August; two ladles in country ; good reference indispensable ; age 25 to 30.--CoftLEss, Stationer. HeswalL

WANTBD, AT' GUST 24Ta, in Boarding School, a HOUSEMAID and a HOUCBMAID - WAITUBSB ; references—MßS. S ARSON, High School, Blackpool.

ALL CLASSEts OF SERVANTS ready from country or la. bown,public and private.—Call or write Miss HABBIsoN's (only office), 6 Oldham street. Manchester, Estab. 1862.

JLNTHD respectable GII(.14 as General ; state sge.wages; TV must have good personal references.—Anply MISS FEARFNSIDE. 4. Penrhyn terrace, Old Trafford. Manchester.

WANTS]) good GBNBRALS. Housemaids. Cooks and Kitchenmaids. References required.—Mrs. TAYLOR, Select Registry Office, 5 Sion-street, Radcliffe, Manchester.

- NVANTBD GIRL, (strong. respectable) for Gentleman's Cottage Laundry as Third Laundrymald ; good borne; good references required,—Write Mrs BUTTON, Hoots- bank, Chester.

ERIPBRIENCED male and Female NUASHS at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES Izamiru- slow, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT able to wash and iron ; age 18 to 25 ; fond of children ; good home to suitable person.- Apply Mao GLovEa, 82, Warrington road, Abram. Wigan.

WOKS WANTHD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitresses £lB kJ to £22. Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRisoN'B, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS. private and public good borees. excellent wages ; places in town, country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED RIGISTRT, 6 Ordham street, Manchester.

WANTED FORTY GOOD SERVANT for Hotels, Board- ing and private Houses for Blackpool and district, good wages ; enctose stamp.—Mrs. PREST,N'S REGISTRY, 44, Charles street, Blackpool Telephone 0337.

WANTED.—PICRSON willing to assist with all household duties and live with small family ; one child ; good tome; nice village.--filtate particulars and wage required to SUNNYBANIC, Birch, near Heywood, Manchester.

'

===== 0002601_19030801_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
E 0 be Ed.

PRNKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 31. 9d. and .v.s. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £.5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 27 CATHERINE STREET, 4s. 3d., per week. 15 PIERPOINT STREET, 41. Od., per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War. rington. Telephone—No 55.

TO BR LET OR SOLD.—PENKETH.near WARRINGTON I —The old Penketh CABINET WO K wit ne,ls and other buildings, suitable for manufacturing purposes.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWK, 1. Bank-street. Warrington.

DIENKETH.—Semi-detached Residence, " Haat Bank Hall Nook, Penketh ; 3 entertaining rooms, bath. etc., large garden, rent £4o.—Apply. Mr R LOWE, Rotate Agent, 1, Bank street, Warrington. Telephone No. 55.

liIDGE STRHET, WARRINGTON (Market-gate end).— Large Rooms,on first floor With office on ground floor it required ; rent £2s,—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, estate agent, 1, Bank street, Warringtm.

IVI LODGR FROGIIALLANH, Warrington, to be let -L good family residence, with stabling. Scc. rent £45.— Apply Mr. H. LOWE, estate agent, 1. ilink street, War- rington.

'4IO LBT.—HOUSR No 9 RODNEY STREET (just cleaned) I. rent 43. 4d —Apply WOODS & SONS, Solicitors, 55. liorsernarket street, Warrington.

Fr 0 LBT.—HOUSB off 1311WSBY-ROAD, rent 41 6d ; tedrooms.—Apply WOODS A.NDSoN, Solicitors, Horse market street, Warringthn.

- tft,'

JO LB'T, SULBEAS and COACHHOUSE, with loft,a Over I large yarctrattaclled off Thnners Lane.—Apply Woons & Son Solicitors, 65, Eforsemarketatree Warringthu.

- - T MGR. LMCCIASHIRB.—To be Let, from February 1904, 1-1 Bedford Hall Farm. containing 57 acres, good house. stable for 4, Covrhouse for 18 ; also from November, 1903, nine antes of gras. land A djoiffing same —For particulars apply SMITHS, GORE & Co. Old Bank Buildings. Chester.

300r5t5, arriagefs, Etbt stork, Scr

FCR SALE, useful TRAP. to carry four. fit for the road. D. McKAY, 261. Woodhouse lane Wigan. 019 SAL% TWO New Light LURRIRR newt; one new Hawking Cart.-33, CHURCH VirttariF. Bolton.

ON SALE. through death. Lady's VICTORIA PMAIRTON. by Win,'laver, cost £75. Wanted offer.-17, BOOTHBOYDEN, Blackpool.

TIOR SAUL BRBWRR'S SPRING CART; ntarly new cheap ; also small Spring Float; suit 00.-199 CHESTER STREET Birkenhead.

I'IARRIACitsfk.-100 new and second-hand, of every dis- ‘J cription, at lowest prioes.—GßANT, carriave builder, 259. Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester. If stablished 1870

HARNEFS AND SMBLE UTTRNSIL PRO- CONTR4CTOR9 TO THR LIVERPOOL CORPORATION FOR CART MARNESS. GRT OUR PRIOR% SPECIALITIRS 'TENT PNBIT3I ATM COLLARS. UNBREAKABLE BACKBANDS. itigh Class Parnell!, Largo ORLTICTION. J. FRY •ND Co.. 124 DALII-OTREBT, LIVERPOOL. WHO] r.B ALB SADDLERS. PRONE 0157.

JOHN IV ALKEN AND CO

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c.

MADE TO ORDER.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and effective. JOHN WALKER AND CO„

CONFECTIONERY.—Very good stand, main road, good living.about £65 —lB,wniT LAlsr.,Pendleton,3lanehester.

AT 0 EtßOAMßlC—Westeliffe. dandylands. —Boarding or 111 Apartments,on sea front. Mrs RomNsoN,lo,Marine Parade.

CLBVBLBYS.—APARTVIENTS. Public and Private; near cars and sea.—Mra• PIRTINGTON, 2. The ()resent.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS with or without bo‘rd cyclists accom.—Ma MYNERYIIIE, 13,Bath stmear Prom

710 ORBOAMBEI, W B.—Comfortable A.PARTAI ICl:S;batl2. 111 piano;terms mod.—Misa SEARPLEs.los,Chatsworth rd

J'OYLAKE ; Facing the Sea.—Comfortable BBDROOM and small Sitting-room, for one lady.-9, MARINE PApsamt.

CLBVSLEY'S. -Mrs. CHADWICK, Rochdale House, 13. Nutter road; comfortable APARTMRNTS ; close to tram and sea both; piano.

A NGLBSKY.—Beautiful FURNISHND RIGSIDENUM to La. let for August Three entertsining 9 beds Kitchen, garden pony trisp.—HuGHEs. Frondeg, Atnlwch.

SOUTHPOIIT.—APATITIIIINTEI Permonent or otherwiso, south west aspect, splendid view of Promenade.Pler end see, lug, airy rooms IR good house, good cooking, and o.ttendanee, good teferenees if required. " SoititsXTo," elbow rood.

M=

FLEETWOOD.—Uomfortable APARTMENTS, near atm and promenade ; good cookiug.—WtNsTANLEY, 82, London st

===== 0002601_19030801_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
,04: antetf.

A GENTS WANTED everywhere.—Write, enclosing 1. stamp, Hutt, Biding House. Eastbourne.

WANTI3D, 1:105114S FOR OUBSTS, Invalids, Apart- ments. etc.—TURNER, 158, Pic3adilly, London.

HAY, IRVIH, WANTED cornmission for above, good buyer,every satisfaction N.C.C•, 47 FLEET STREF:T.E.C.

A GENTS WANTED to take up a right good and genuine LI agency.—Write LITNE9DALE.4S Ullswater rd, Lancaster

A GENTS Wanted for Fountain Pens. Samples free.—Write MANAGER. • B' Dept.. 47 Westfield CreLeent. Leeds.

WANTSD Particulars : Homes for Guests, Invalids, Ghlldren. Apartments, Schools, Houses.—TURNER, 168 Piccadilly, London.

ViTANTHD. OLD CURIOS, war medals. 00i1:111. plate,books paintings. china. Best prices for old gold and silver. Prompt attention to post bud:tem—J. IfoLLIS Bast street, Southampton.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030801_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 1, 1903.

FOUNTN SW ALLOW PEON le 6d, high prices avoided. AI —SWALLOW, 23 Prince Rupert straet, Liverpool.

F BA.THRft and MOROCCO RESTORBIL, any colour Free. _Li is 2cI.—WEBSTER, Hyde House, Willesden, N.W.

I.2LOTTERS. substitute for blotting paper, 10 times as strong, 3d. C. HALLam, Nfetheringham, Lincoln.

FIARCOURT'S

PENNYROYAL. STEEL AND TANSEY PILLS, Tice BEST REMEDY loft ILL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BoXFA Wk. 2/9, 4/6, Pon FIME 25, OXFORDIGARDENS. KENSINGTON, W.

'bares.

4 DURESS or VISITING CARDS 'Printed from Zi. plate or type. TRADE PRINTING of every description. £l. from kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplest to the most elaborate. BEWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19030801_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

AUGUST Ist 1903.

THERE is one thing THE GOVERNMENT that cannot be

AND DEAR SUGAR. denied to Mr. BALFOUR'S adminis- tration. It has deserved and will obtain a unique place in history as the administration which systematically aimed at the subordination of the wide interests of the community to those groups of individuals who alleged that they were being subjected to some sort of "intolerable strain.' There is the case of the West Indian sugar planters, whom the Sugar Convention Bill is to benefit to the extent of some quarter of a million a year. It is contended by the Government that the West Indian planters are being destroyed by the bounties on sugar. If that were the case,it would pay us much better to pension them eft on a scale of extreme liberality than to legislate as we are doing on the lines of the Sugar Convention Bill. For what is it that will take place under that measure ? The distressed sugar planten in the West Indies may profit by our rejection of bounty- fed sugar to the extent of a quarter of a million annually,but in order to bring about this result we shall have to penalise ourselves to the extent of a sum variously estimated at six, seven, or eight millions annually. We are to pay seven or eight million pounds a year, that is to say, in order to give the West Indies a mere fraction of that amount. The Government affirms that this is the only manner in which the West Indies can be helped. But the best available testimony points to [a different conclusion. The West Indian planters can be best helped by a determination to help themselves. They had the example of Cuba before them. Cuba has gone through a long period of storm and stress, of blood and fire, but since the war was concluded it has plunged eagerly into industrial pursuits, and especially into the production of sugar. It is vastly increasing its;exports,whilst those of the West Indies are at a standstill, the increase in Cuba being, of course, a conclusive enough proof that the industry is being carried on there at a profit. The West Indian sugar planters- lag behind their Cuban competitors because they have less energy, less enterprise, and an ignoble sense of dependence on the Imperial Government, produced for the most part, it must be said, by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S extravagant style of treating the extremities of the Empire,as if they were of infinitely more importance than the major part. The West Indies, said Mr. HUDSON KEA.RLEY on Wednesday—and the member for Devonport is peculiarly well qualified to speak with authority on a subject of this kind—have all the material advantages for growing sugar profitably; but, he added, nothing will save the sugar' planters unless they improve their methods. There is the whole matter in a nut- shell. The planters are enervated by the climate. They will not put forth the extra exertion needed to make their industry profitable, and they frighten Mr. CHAMBERLAIN by talking of making overtures to the United States. Hence the disastrous bargain that an incompetent and unforeseeing Government is determined to force upon the country ; against all manner of warning and good advice. That it may help the West Indies to compete under obsolete conditions and by the old. and unprofitable methods, it is taking steps to destcoy some of our own recent and most profit- able industries, to increase the price of one of the most beneficial and most necessary articles of food, and to compel us to tax sugar imports at the dictation of an international commission.

An attempt is made to secure the support of Protectionist opinion by representing that the free importation of bounty-fed sugars, has des- troyed, or is destroying, our sugar refining indus- try. This is an old contention. It led Lord SALISBURY to write his famous letter to "My dear Peter," many years ago. The experience of every year that passes tends further towards its refuta- tion. Mr. KEARLEY was able to show in his masterly and very informing speech on Wednesday that we are refining more sugar than formerly. There are fewer refineries; that is true, but those which exist are carrying on their business on the gigantic scale. The firms of Tate and Lyell turn out as much refined sugar as thirty refineries did in previous years. But to show the unsoundness of the views on which the legislation of the present Government is based avails nothing. To prove that the general body of people at home will Stan' from this legislation avails nothing. The Govern- ment has its majority behind it, and is absolutely without scruple as to the purpose for which it may be employed.

Sir WILLIAM A REBUFF FOR THE HARCOURT was back RAND MAGNATES. in his place in the

House of Commons on Alonday, and his reappearance after two months' absence was hailed with satisfaction on both sides. Mr. CII/MBICRLAIN took occasion to congratulate the veteran statesman on behalf of the supporters of the Government, and the hearty cheers of the Liberal members when he seated him- self on the Front Bench, repeated when ho rose to speak on the South African War Contribution Bill, testified to the undiminished regard in which Sir WILLIAM is held by the party which he formerly led. It soon became evident that during the period of his absence he has kept his mind closely fixed on the doings of Parliament, and on the proceedings of the Government especially in respect to South Africa. His remarks on the Rand labour questions drew from Mr. CHAMBERLAIN two very important declara- tions. Lord MILNER, as is well-known, has

===== 0002601_19030801_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I;ffi

===== 0002601_19030801_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
_ - -

requested the Colonial secretary to use his influ-

ence with Lord GEORGE HAMILTON in order to induce the Secretary for India to permit of the importation of 10,000 coolies for work on the new railways in South Africa. It is a matter of still greater notoriety that the mine-owners are hankering after Chinese cheap labour for the mines, and are pressing the Government to con- sent to the importation of Chinamen. The general impression has been that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN would yield to both demands; but we are glad tobe able to congratulate the Colonial Secretar on the fact that he has not given way to influences which, as Sir WILL/AM HARcouRT plainly hinted, have Stock Exchange con- siderations behind them. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN announced that before he consents to the employ- ment of Asiatic labour in the Transvaal,he must have some reasonable proof that the policy is one of which the people of the new colony approve. The proof happens at present to be wholly on the other side. The people of the Transvaal heartily disapprove of the importation either of coolies or of Chinese; and Mr. CHAMBERLAIN says he will respect the opinion of the Colony, though it is quite evident that he does so with reluctance. Why, asks the Colonial Secretary, should coolie labour, the labour of our own fellow subjecte, be refused in a British Colony ? The question can be answered in many ways and from several points of view, but it should be sufficient to say that thet proposed importation of coolies is a device for depressing the wages of labour and for confining the Kaffir labourers to the mines. If the policy is to be resisted by the Government, as Mr. CHAMBERLAIN promises, until the Colony has changed its opinion on the subject, the question will settle itself in the natural way,by wages adapt— ing themselves to such labour as is at present obtainable in South Africa.

The question about Chinamen, says the Colonial Secretary, is premature, and he adds that at pre- sent no suggestion has bean made to him as to the employment of Chinese by the Transvaal Govern- ment. This is rather evading the real. issue. The proposals for importing Chinamen do not come from Lord MILNER,but from the capitalists of the Rand. However, as the promise given by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN applies no less to Chinamen than to coolies,lthe mine owners may now perhaps take the hint that they must conduct their business in a business-like way. Their troubles in regard to labour in the mines are to a very large extent of their own making. Before the war they were telling their share- holders what large sums, amounting to millions of pounds, they would be able to save on the wages bill,if the Boer Government ,were out of the way- When the war came to an end they were guilty of the almost incredible fatuity of reducing wages by' one-half. They found, as they might have 'antici- pated, that the natives would not work on such terms. Even if there had been no war it is doubt- ful whether,the KAFFIRS who had been working in the mines would not have gone back to their kraals When wages were :so largely reduced;. but through the war they had learned what 10 the :English idea of the equivalent of a day's labour. They had been well-paid for working above ground, and they declined to go into the mines for less than one-fourth of what they had been paid by the Government during the continuance of hostilities. The sensible course for the mine owners to pursue would have been to slightly raise the wages of Kaffir labour when 00 mines were reopened. The dividends could very well afford it. They chose to take the opposite course, believing no doubt that the Government would countenance any measures which seemed necessary for the provision of cheap labour. There is reason to suspect that they have represented the labour diffic•ilty as being much greater than lt really is,in order to get the Government behind. them. But so far they have only been able to bring round Lord MILNER on their views. gr. CHAMBERLAIN BtalldS by the opinion of the people of the Colony, and the Rand mine owners will therefore be compelled to make the best term' they can with the K*ffirs.

Mr. Henry Thornton has at last succeeded ie entering the Town Council and he is to be con- gratulated on the achievernewt, especially as he has triumphed by so large a majority as 31:1 The bulk of the congratulation, however, appears to us to be due to the Non-Trading Association, which has added one more proof that it has the majority' of the people at its back. The Non-Traders have apparently, only to give a candidate their hall- mark of genuineness as an apostle of the Creed, and hey presto !he is elected. Why it is almost as easy for men to enter the Council now—if the) are bona-fide Non-Traders—as it was.in the days of the notorious compact. So far Mr. Dodds and his friends have not lost a seat they have set out to capture, and judgir4; by appearances they have. the fate of the November elections in the hollow of their hand. Whether the inquiry is under way or not before then, there is little likelihood of it being delayed long after the elections. The- Non-Traders look like being in a position to dictate before the end of the year.

The "Crosfield Conservatory" which was formally opened to the public of Warrington on Tuesday is another rernieder of the many beneficent acts which have endeared the Crosfield family to the town. We are indebted to the late Mr. George Crosfield for the beautiful park in which the conservatory stands, and there are several other local institutions which bear witness to the generosity of the late Mr. John Crosfield- The public benefactors of Warrington have never at any period in its history been ing.ny in number but the townspeople do not readily torget the honoured names of the generous few. Tnere was peculiar fitness in a Mayor bearing the name of Parr, being the unouth-Oece of a grateful toiv.ri in accepting Mrs. Crosfield s generous gift. It 16 some consolation to the public who have been de' prived of the pleasure of visiting Walton Lea to see the choice collection of plants and flowers which were so often on view there, to know that the camellia plants are now the property of the Corporation and can be seen in the Park. If anything could add to the pleasure of receiving Mrs. Crosfield's gift it viiis the graceful way in which she made it. "). am in hope," she said,"that this conservatory EnaY prove the beginning of something larger and better, and that in time to come Warrington may havo winter gardens." Mrs. Crosfield has given expres" sion to a project which has long been in the min=lo of those who are desirous of brightening the sar.- roundings of the people who have to spend their lives in this busy industrial centre. The realiss- of it must be left to private benevolence, which we trust will not be wanting now that Mrs. Cros- field has so admirably shown the way to the charitably—inclined.

Mr. H. Whitharn, in far-away San Francisco, takes as keen an interest as ever in Warringt4? affairs, and notwithstanding the fact that he 1.0 sixteen years older than he was when he left.thig town, he still takes a delight in writing articleg for the enlightenment of.his fellows. This week we publish a second article from him on Mr. Chamber- lain's proposals,which is full of thoughtful analree and comparisous. For the present we leave thos.o to the tender mercies of students of fiscal policytle order to specially allude to Mr. Whitharn's closing

===== 0002601_19030801_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
words. He has apparently found a man a good -deal after hiE own heart in Mr. Slots, Secretary of the Trades Council, and with him agrees that 'Protection will put oft the day when labour the world over will recognize the fact that it must be united against the common enemy, the capitalist." This is probably true enough, but we attach even "more importance to Mr. Whitham's words when he gives the following advice to electors: "You must send men to Parliament who will not turn back th 3 fingers of time on an outrageous Education Bill. We in America never have a religious difficulty 'making men into enemies add robbing the schools of the -Power to make real men and women. The men to represent the best interests of England are thoae who have studied the land question." Then 31r. Whitham queries caustically: "Will your ,present member, any more than your late mem- ber, ever touch the land question,even with a long pale ri We unhesitatingly reply, No! The taxation of land values, and mining royalties, are about the last topics in the world of politics we should expect Mr. Pierpoint M.P. to interest him- self in. He is not a militant member at :any time, and the most enlightened and energetic of Tory M.P.'s usually fight shy of these ,two subjects. They are much more conveniently kept in the background. We can easily imagine the warning finger,and the look of horrified amaze- Teent which would characterize a Conservative Assembly were two such explosive topics intro- duced. It is to the Liberal Labour men we mnst look for the solution of these vital problems—a •solution too, which would have quite as important a bearing upon the welfare of the people of this country as either Free Trade or Protection. Some day tne land question will be the question of the heur,and when it is,we hope to see Warrington more adequately and ctbly represented than it is by our easy-going friend 11Ir. R. Pierpoint, M.P.

The mono-rail has evidently nit commended "itself to the investing public. A circu'ar has been issued by the directors announcing "that the applications for shares do not, in their judgment offer capital of a sufficient amount to guarantee the successful oompleuion of so important an 'undertaking. Arrangements for the piovision of its full resources required are under considera- tion." . This means a serious postpone- ment of the work,and the mono-rail is hardly likely to be seen in our midst yet awhile. It is unfortunate that the appal to the public has met With so poor a response, for the scheme was one calculated to prove, we believe, not only an immense convenience between two of the first cities in the country, but a commercial success also. The mono-rail may yet mark the dawn of a new era in railway travel and we much regret that the day has been indefinitely postponed. It seems fairly clear that there has been no lack of prospec- tive small investors, but that the men with plenty of spare capital are indisposed to put their money in the new scheme. Probably many of them have capital invested in existing railways, and they may have thought that to support the mono-rail was to 'depreciate shares which they already held else- where. But whatever the cause,the capital' has not been forthcoming and we shall have to wait until the promoters can devise some other means of securing the financial aid necessary to make a atm

• Mr. T. J. DJWII in his speech on the compensation question at the meeting of the district representa- tives of the National Trade _Defence Association Was unusually frank. In pleading the cause of Compensation for the withdrawal of licences it is Usual to point to the injustice and hardship Which such action brings upon the "poor publi- can." The Government has already turned a eYmpathetic ear to this plaintive note, and we are sesured that the Government will introduce and Pass a measure in the next session of Parliament Providing for compensation to licence-holders Whose licences have been withdrawn through 120 fault of their own. Mr. Down now comes forward with the suggestion that "the trade" must see that the compensation tees further than that. It is not only :se "poor publican" who must receive compensa- 00a but els) the "rich brewer." This is what we anticipated, and it will be found that the strongest eupporters of compensation are persons connected With wealthy brewing companies. In most cases , the publican is a mere servant of the -brewing company in a tied house and he cannot hope for any large amount of compensation. The plum will be for the owners, who are invariably the rich brewing companies. This is what has been very inaptly called "equitable compensation." Fancy prices are still being given by brewers for licensed houses, despite "the confiscation craze," in the hope of compensation. There is a chance of them being disappointed, and in the interests of the uation it is to be hoped they will be. Before the Government begins to make grants to the brewer and the publican it had better put the House in something like order for the incoming tenants. I-- One never realizes more fully what aa excellent 'work the N.S.P.C.A. is doing than when such cases .of cruelty to animals are brought to light as were heard at Frodsham Petty Sessions on Wednesday. Two Frodsham farmers were charged with ill- treating horses in their possession, and the 'evidence in each ease was such as to fill one with Ti unholy desire to have five minutes with the 'culprits themselves. Henry Savage—appropriately lamed—bad thrashed his horse with a whip until broke,and then with a buckle. The poor brute suffered so much in consequence of its illtreatment sod a dislocated leg that it had to be shot. George :Okell, the second defendant, had a horse that Jibbed. His cure was to light a batten of straw beneath she. horse's stomach and raise a blister eighteen inches long by a foot wide. This is corporal punishment with a vengeance. We only 'regret that the magistrates were so lenient as to :let the defendants off with a fine. A month's bard labour would have been none too severe a 'judgment upon two such brutal individuals.

No one can wonder at the disaffected condition *Of Russia who reads about the police supervision -Of the schoolboys. The theory that Socialism lakes its root in the childish mind while in the early teens, is an obsession of the officials, and youths are held up for examination as to their political Opinions before they are allowed to enter a ITniver- Any. Their private 'parties and gatherings are Watched, on the assumption that they are 411 Anarchists; and concealment and secrecy and all the other dark arts are thus taught them at the *beginning. There can be hut one result from this effort to crush the spirit. Youth will be 'Served, and if it is taught to re.zard political 'discussions as a danger, a sheer love of *adventure will spur lads on to community of f action. These schoolboy conclaves will nave nothing in them of the nature of a conspir- 'acy ; but the lads will be trained to love darkness :rather than light, and plot and cabal mysteriously. They mty also be tempted to ask themselves Whether there is not something very rotten in a government which is afraid of the united judg- ,lnent of a pack of schoolboys. This sort of thing does not' lead up to respect or reverence for age or %uthority. On the co'ntrary it excites a belief that t!?e political system will not stand investigation. Fhe boys become moody, sulky, rebellious. This la exactly the temper that wise statesmanship ohould endeavour to avoid, if statesmen will inter- 'fere with the duties of parents.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY AND THEIR RIVER OBLIGATIONS.

Conference at Warrington. ,We understand that an important conference took stslace at the Town. Hall, Warrington, on Thursday, .?etween the plaintiffs in the recent action against the ;Itinehester Ship Canal Company, with reference to the "'edging of the river at Warrington and representatives Of the company including the Chairman (Mr. Bythell). was stated that the company intend to promote o. ▪ ill in the next session of Parliament for financial pur- Pu., see, and to enable the company to carry out certain new works, including the deepening of the Canal. We have not been able to ascertain how such works affect Warrington, but we understand that in con- 23ection with the new works it is proposed to construct darn with a lock in the river below Messrs. Monks Hall ..1.1,41d Company's works at Atherton's Quay. By this new iellarture the Company hope to be able to maintain a evel of water in the river at Warrington and in a grea- blealsure, no doubt, relieve the Company of the difficult 'el with regard to theilredging.of theiiver.

2/6 PER (IBcrTPLEEIRNCLIUDAEDL) QUART SCOTCLI AND IRISH WHISKEY

ALSO AT 3/-; 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 21-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER Bormg, FULTON BROS, wtabi maRCIIMMTi, 20, RENSIIA.VV &MEM% LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stativas.)

===== 0002601_19030801_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lammisommummm

===== 0002601_19030801_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Fall From a Scaffold. On Tuesday afternoon a man named Arthur Stone, of Halifax, was admitted to the Infirmary, suffering from shock and bruises. He was working at Orford Barracks and fell from a scaffold. You CANNOT DO BETTER ! Buy your boots and shoes at ALP. TAYLOR'S. Cheapest and best town. Postponement of the Council meeting. The General Purposes Committee has decided that in consequence of the day preceding the one fixed for the Council meeting being a Bank Holiday, to post- pone the Council meeting from the 4th to the 11th August next.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF

TONICS.-33. SA.NKEY-STREET, Warrington..—Advt. Knocked Down by.a_ Cyclist. _ _

On Saturday nigh Mrs.- Chadwick, Arnold-street, was alighting from a tramcar in Manchester-road,when a cyclist collided with her and knocked her down. She was badly shaken, bruised and cut about the head and face, and wag unconscious for a considerable time.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC .is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. A Blind Man's Long Walk. _

On Saturday night Mr. Vincent Laurens, a blind Manchester citizen, who has undertaken to walk froni that city to Glasgow, and to deliver a series of lectures en route, arrived at Warrington, and gave an interest- ing lecture between the acts at the Theatre Royal.

A GOOD RESOLUTION.—Wear AL F TAYLOR':, Wonderful Boots.—Advt.

Warrington P.S.A.

The members of this Society met as usual on Sunday in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street. Mr. Todd occu.pied the chair. Mr. J. Booth gave two cornet solos, "The Holy City" and "Dream of Paradise," accompanied on the piano by Mr. Wadsworth, and Mr. A. Scriven gave a very bastructive address on "Bodily exercise versus spiritual exercise." -

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA WATERS.—Advt. Memorial Tablet at Frodsham. At Chester Consistory Court on Wednesday before Chancellor Espin, the Rev. H. B. Blogg, M.A., vicar of Frodsham, was granted permission to fix a memorial tablet of white marble and granite on the south wall of the chancel in the said thuich. The tablet is in- tended as a memorial to the late John Pollard, who for fifty-four years was headmaster of the Frodsham Endowed School. The cost, which will be about £l5, will be defrayed by the scholars of the school. FOR CLASS AND CHINA, of every description try J.IS. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Charge Against an Ex-Warrington Newsboy. At Lancaster, on Thursday morning, Frank Linton, newsboy, was sent to a reformatory for four years for stealing a tin trunk and wearing apparel belonging to May Kendall, of Barrow, who had come to Lancaster on a holiday. Prisoner was described as a confirmed liar and a thoroughly bad boy. He was known at Warrington, Blackpool, and other places, and said he was born at Leeds, and that his parents were at Man- chester, but the police failed to verify the statement. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLAS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Band of Hope Trip.

About 100 -members in connection with the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Band of Hope journeyed to Frod- sham last Saturday in 'buses. Starting from the Chapel at 1.30 they arrived at their destination about 3 o'clock. The youngsters highly enjoyed themselves climbing up the hills, riding on the donkeys, and other amusements which are provided on the top of the hill. An excellent tea was provided by the Pro- prietress, Mrs. Parker-loose. About 7:30 a start was made for home, which was reached about all having thoroughly enjoyed themeelves. 'Phe arrangements were carried out by Messrs. E. Graham, W. Wilkes, and T. Tindall. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.-4. S. GIRL ND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-sirreet, Warrington.—Advt.

Sudden Death of a Retired Farmer at Lymm. An inquest wasiheld at the Plough Hotel, Lymm, on Wednesday evening, by Mr. Fisher, bit° the circum- stances attending the death of William Moreton, a retired Farmer of Whitegate, Statham Lymm. Nellie Moreton, daughter of the deceased, gave evidence of identification. Her father was 68 years of age.—Kate Knowles, a domestic servant in the employ of Mr. Moreton stated that .the deceased was working in the garden as usual on Tuesday. About noon she heard him fall in his bedroom and on going into the room saw him lying face downwards. She went to a neighbour's house, and Mr. Astbary rendered assist- ance. A. doctor was sent hr but the deceased was found to be dead.—Dr. E. M. de Jong, practising at Lymm, deposed that the deceased died of heart trouble.—A verdict that the deceased died of sudden heart failure was returned.

GtvE THENt A TRIAL.—ALF.TA.YLOR'S wonder- ful boots for everybody. Warrington Board of Guardians.

A meeting of this Board was held on Wednesday mornilg. Mr. A. Brookes presided, and there were also present: Mrs. Clay, Rev. Father Wilson. Messrs. A. J. Jolley, S. Davies, a. Mather, J. Billinge,William Houghton, T. Halton, G. Pilling, with J. C. Sutton (clerk), A. Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools). A letter was read from Mr. S. H. A. Healey, resigning his position as master's clerk, having been appointed to a similar position under the King's Norton Board. A. communication was also read from Miss Louiza Moss, resigning her position as Laundress. The resignations were accepted. The Local Government Board wrote approving of the appointment of Miss Segar as probationer nurse. This was all the business of public interest.

FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt.

Gallant Rescue from Drownini. The canal bridge at Bewsey was the scene,on Mon- day evening of a gallant rescue from drowning. A girl named Kennedy, nine years of age, who resides with her parents at 12, Pierpoint-street, was standing on the bridge nursing a two-year-old baby, when she accidentally lost her hold of the child, and it slipped into the water. In trying to reach it she oveclrdanced, and a moment later she also was struggling in the water. Some children playing near gave an alarm and a man named Gibson, who is in the service of the London and North-Western Company, at once jumped into thin canal and succeeded in rescuing both children, who were thoroughly exhausted. We learn that this is the second time during the past week that Gibson has rescued persons from drowning at Bewsey, and it is to be hoped that the Royal Humane Society will not fail to hear about it.

BRILLIANT SUCCESS

CRAWFORD'S

`PoLo-

A :COCOANUT BISCUIT.

lIIMMEMMiiiiMIIIIIIIMIIIMINI

===== 0002601_19030801_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, August 1, 1903.

Warrington Police v. _Widnes Police.

At Widnes on Thursday Warrington Police en- gaged the Widnes Police in a cricket match.- The Warrington men won by 71 runs to 32. _ _ _

Baptist.- Church, Golborne-street. The Pastor after an absence of three weeks will occupy the pulpit to-morrow. In the morning the final of a series of sermons will be given on "Religion in the light of modern science," and in the evening Mr. Dunnico will speak upon "Certainty in Religious Belief." Incorporated Society of Musicians. •

At the recent examination held by the above society at their local centre in Liverpool, the following candi- dates, who are pupils of Miss Agatha Richardson, of Irlani-street, were successful. Grade I. Miss Beatrice Cotton, Miss Florence Bennett, and Miss Annie Dillon. Pass, Preparatory Grade, Miss Minnie Templeton, honours.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Infirmary and Nursing Institution.

The lion. Treasurer,Warrin-gton. District Nursing Association,and the Chairman, Workingmen's Infirm- ary Committee beg to acknowledge with thanks the sum of z£2 15s. each front Mr. R. Anderton, amstuat of fund collected by the Warrington Fowl and Pigeon Keepers' Protection Association. _ _

===== 0002601_19030801_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
The Warrington Poor Boys' Camp.

The second- detachment Of boys, 81 in number, returned home yesterday after a week's experience of camp life at Leasowe Common, Wallasey. The weather has been rather of an unsettled character,but nevertheless the boys enjoyed the change very much. The detachment has been in charge of Messrs. W. H. J. Jenkins (secretary), Fred J. Emson, F. H. Aukland, and G. G. Dawson. Football Club Sports.

The annual athletic festival of the Warrington Football Club will be held, as usual, on Aionday next, Bank Holiday, at Wilderspool. A large entry for the various events has again been secured, and £7O worth of prizes will be distributed. The events in- clude foot and cycle races, and a nine-stone, 121bs boxing competition. Two o'clock is the tiln3 the sports commence.

UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Lancashire Agricultural Show.

Sir Gilbert GTreeuall, Bart, was a very successful exhibitor in the pig classes at the Royal Lancashire Agricultural Show,which was opened at:Trafford Park* on:Thursday. In the large white breed Sir Gilbert Greenall carried off the premier prizes, securing seven prizes in the pig classes altogether. He also. won the British Berkshire Society's special prizes. In the poultry and pigeon 'classes, R. A.,. Chrimes, of War- rington won a first prize for a Plymouth rock 'white cockerel.

Music in the Park. The League of the Cross Band will occupy the stand in the Park on Sunday and play the following programme of. music under the conductorship of Mr. T. Hynes :—" Dead March in Saul," (in memory of His Holiness the late Pope Leo XIII.) ; hymn, "Alma Mater," arranged by T. Hynes: march, " Caractacus," W. Layman; selection, "Gems of operatic melody," H. Round; selection, "Maria Di Rohan," Donizetti ; grand processional march," Silver Trumpets," Vivian; "God save the King." LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—AdYtv St. Ann's Victoria Memorial Vicarage. ' Several preliminary arrangemeats had been Made, says " The St; Ann's Parish Magazine," and the date fixed (Thursday, July 16th) for the foundation stone- laying of the Victoria Memorial Vicarage, but owing to unavoidable circumstances, the ceremony—we greatly regret to say —had to be dispensed with. The order for the Victoria Mein)rial tablet has now , been given. It will consist of A.berdeen granite, and in colour will be in keeping with the bricks used. It will bear the following inscription :—" St. Ann's Vicarage. Built to the memory of Queen Victoria,the great and good, and to the glory of God. James Davies, vicar, A.D. 1903.

Vested Interest in Licenses. At a meeting of the Council of the • Warrington Temperance Federation the following resolution was unanimously passed: "That this meeting protests against the creation of a continuous vested interest in liquor licences as proposed by Mr. Butcher's Bill, and by Sir W. Hart Dyke's Bill to suspend the discretion- ary power of the migistrates to refuse renewals of licences."—Copies of the resolution have been sent to the Prime Minister, Right H•ln. A. Akeres-DJuglas, Home Secretary; Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, M.P. ; Mr. R. Pierpliat, aud Col. R. Pilkingtm; M.P.

Knutsford Liberal Association Picnic. A picnic of the officers and friends of the above association was held a fortnight ago, the destination b3ing Styal. About 150 attended and the walk through Oversley Woods was much enjoyed. Tea was partaken of at ths Ship Inn, followed by a brief but enthusiastic meeting. Mr. Henry Phillips Grey presided and spoke encouragingly of the prospects of the party in the Knutsford. Division. Mr. Alfred J King, the Liberal candidate for Knutsford Division,. delivered a thoughtful speech on the Tariff Question which proved the soundness of the principles •of Free Trade, especially so seeing that Mr. King is a leading cotton manufacturer at Bellington, employing hundreds of workmen.---Mr. J.A. Thompson proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. King for his address and pledging those present to use legitimite means to secure Mr. King's return as Liberal member for Knutsford Division. This was seconded by Mr. E. Lloyd-Jones, Stockton Heath, and carried unani- mously.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington and District Off-Licence Holders

Association.

The annual picnic in connection with the abyve association was held on Thursday when upwards of 60 of the members and friends journeyed ,to Llan- gollen. They were accompanied by the p resident (Mr. William Throssell), vice-president (Mr. G. W. Beard), secretary(Mr. Robert J. Ellis), treasurer (Mr. Robert Smith), and Messrs. W. Walker, J. Havior, J. Lockett, W. Cleaton, W. H. Mayers, F. G. Rigby, W. Mercer, T. P. Throssell and T. W. Chantry. The party entrained at Bank Quay station at 8.17 and on arrival at Llangollen all wended their way to the canal and indulged in a sail up the beautiful valley to the Horse Shoe falls. At one o'clock dinner was partaken of at the Eagles Hotel, after which all enjoyed a delightful drive to Glyndyfrdwy, the coun- try looking at its best. On returning to Llangollen tea was served at the Eagles Hotel. The party after- wards proceeded to the railway station for the jour- ney home. The weather was very favourable and all arrived safely biek about 9.39, having spent a very enjoyable day. _ _

PUBLIC BFINEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK BEST for BOOTS in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Mishap to a Warrington Train. What might have proved a very serious accident, happened at Chester Station on Wednesday night between. eight and nine o'clock. . After the Lime-stree (Liverpool) train, due at 8.15, had entered the short bay on No. 3 platform, and all the passengers had de- trained, the Warringtou train, which arrived shortly after 8.32, entered the bay and collided with the rear of the Liverpool train, badly damaging a van and composite compartment of the latter train. Fortun- ately, the incoming passenger train approached the bay at slow speed, and beyond one or two of the passengers in the front carriages of the Manchester train complaining of shock, and the damage to thsl Liverpool train, nothing more resulted. from the collision. The damaged carriages were shunted into a siding. The end of each coach was smashed to splinters, while the buffers were twisted almost off, and the axle boxes and springs damaged, and wood- work split. Three windows in a third-class compart- ment were smashed. The engine of the Warrington traiu. was considerably damaged, the front buffers be- ing twisted and sand boxes displaced. BESTBOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER the CLOCK.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
The Roman Remains at Warrington.

A large party of members of the—Lancashire and Cheshire Antiquarian Society made an excursion to Warrington on Saturday for the purpose of examining the foundations of a house recently uncovered on the, site of the Roman civitas at Stockton Heath, which is being explored at the expense of the Museum Com- mittee'. Mr. Thomas May acted leader and imparted a great deal of useful i nformation. Mr. Charles Madeley curator and. librarian also accom- panied the party, After carefully examining the foundations of the house at Stockton Heath the party returned to the Old Academy for teo, an inspection of this ancient building being source of pleasure. Taking the tram to Latchford a visit was paid to Grappenhall Church where Mr. Mac read to the mem- bers of the society some notes which had been pre- pared by the Rector. The Roman font and other objects of interest were inspected. A visit was also paid to the Warrington Pariah Church. The Rector was unable to be present, but, like the Rev. R. G-reenall, he had prepared some notes which Mr. May read, giving a very interesting description of.the old , church. Altogether the visit to the district proved to be most instructive and enjoyable.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEERS UNDER EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

CANVAS. EARLESTOWN BETTING CASES. I At the Nevirtort Police-court, on Thursday, Arthur Lee was charged with betting in Old Hey-lane, Earlestown •on the Bth July. Defendant was fined £5 and costs. THE WEEK'S WORK AT LEWAIGUE. Thomas Maley and Robert Lewis were charged with aiding and abetting on the 24th June and the Bth July. Maley was fined 40s. and costs, and Lewis 10s. and costs in each case. Thomas Carlin, an Earlestown chimney _

LB v OUR SPECEAL COILRESPONDENr].

The local volunteers will not soon forget going to sweep, for betting in Hotel-street, Earlestown, on the camo at Port Lewaigue, Ramsey, Isle of Man. The 11th and 18th of July, was fined £5 and costs in the first battalion fell in shortly before eight O'clock on Satur- I case, the second charge being withdrawn. day evening, in front of the Town Hall, and marched to CORONER'S NOVEL IHSTRUCTION. the Central Station. An exciting time was experienced I On Alonday afternoon the Earlestown police received in Wiuwick-street, the men having to literally fight a telegram from Mr. S. Brighouse, the County Coroner, their way through the crowds of people who assembled instructing them to "call ajury together at two o'clock to give thema "send-off." It reminded one of going to in the morning." The inquest was to have been 911 the the late war. On arrival at Liverpool the men marched body of James Grimshaw, 34 years of age, of St. down to the Landing Stage and gave a very good account John-street, Earlestown, who had been taken out of the of themselves. A pleasant surprise awaited them at the St, Helens and Sankey Canal on Monday morning. The stage, refreshments being supplied to every man. The police arranged the inquest for two o'clock in the after- departure should have taken place at 10 cecloelc,, but no noon, recognizing that a mistake had been made in the boat arrived to take the men off. At last the "Snaefell" j transmission of the message. The Coroner was at arrived,and various conjectures were made as to whether Earlestown at ten o'clock, however, and the police with the battalion were going on this boat or !great expedition called a jury together at once, and the not. All doubts were set aside at midnight inquest was over in an hour's time. —The:verdict was one by the "Empress Qaeen " coming into sight lof found drowned. Deceased was a man of weak intel- and alb 1.15 in company with the 2nd Cheshires, the local 1 lect, who had on Sunday been on a visit to some rela- . soldiers started for Mona. After about 40 minutes 1 tives at St. Helens. How he got into the canal is steaming,someone made the pleasant discovery that there unknown. was not enough coal on board and a delay of nearly three hours ensued. The scene on board was an amusing one, weary warriors lying in every part of the boat— on kit-bags, under benches, behind funnels and anyother convenient or inconvenient place. There was a. good number of cases of mel-de-mer. The Isle of Man was sighted about 7.0 o'clock and presented a very pretty spectacle, the summit of Snaefelrbeing wreathed in white fleecy clouds. Disembarkation took place at 8.30 and at about 9.30 the battalion started off for their camping ground about two miles from Ramsey along very mauddy road. However, they got there safe arra had breakfast,after the usual worry of getting kit-bagsd &c. At 12.30 a short service was held, conducted by the Rev.. W. Braceearnp, th 3 newly-appointed chaplain to the battalion. He urged his hearers to "Quit ye like men" during camp and carry it on through life. The officers present in camp are Majors Edelsten (corninanding)and Appleton, Captains J. D. Fairclough, B. Fairclough, G. R. Crosfield, Haslam, Williamson, and Roberts; Lieutenants Ridgway and Avery; Second Lieutenants Connor, Leighton, Fulton Smith, Roberts and Monks; Surgeon-Lieutenant, Curtis; Captain Leader (adjutant), and Quartermaster A. F. G. Potter. The total strength of the battalion is about 830 Non- Commissioned Officers and men. Included in the brigade are the Ist V.B. Royal Welsh Fusiliers, 2nd V.B. Cheshire Regiment and Ist V.B. Herefordshire Rifle Corps. The comforts of the men are well looked after, there being a large marquee belonging to the Y.M.C.A. on the groundwhere concerts are held every evening and letters can be written and games indulged in. Monday opened fineauddryand the battalion paraded at 9 o'clock in drill order and filled water bottles. Marching out of camp they made for Snaefell and formed up in assembly formation. They were, then broken up into companies and practised skirmishing. About 10 o'clock, the weather took a turn for the wors3 and the rain came down in torrents. The men stuck to their work and some very interesting operationstook place, Camp was reached at 12.30, everyone being wet through to the skin. No more parades took place that day, the rain coming down incessantly until after eight o'clock. The signallers and ambulance section were on brigade duty and the Maxim gnu section were engaged cleaning their guns. On Tuesday morning about 9 o'clock four companies went on the hills to the west of the camp and practised outpost duty and skirmishing. Captain B. Fairclough took the scouts out and didsome interesting operations and the rest of the battalion were practising company firing and judging distances. The signalling section went on Lewaigue Hill and practised with the trans- mitting station. The battalion, in thc afternoon prac- tised various movements in companies. The Mounted Infantrywere hurdle jumping and some of the men were thrown, but no one hurt. The machine gun section were firing on the hills to the west of the camp in the after- noon. The weather during the days, was all thatcould be desired and numbers of men left camp in the even- ing for Ramsey and Douglas. The battalion were all served out this day with shirts, belts, boots and slouch hats which will add to the smart appearance of the IneU generally. , A stiff day's work was experienced on Wednesday. "Fall in" sounded at 8.30 and the battalion paraded with the bands and the maxim gun. Refreshments were issued to the men in haversacks and filled water bottles were taken. Ten rounds of ammunition per man were taken. The men went along the road to Snaefell and opposed the Royal Welsh Fusiliers in a skirmishing manceuvre. The chief feature of the operations was the splendid way in which both sides found cover and carried out the passing of defiles, returning to camp at two o'clock. The signalling section were on brigade duty and did some very useful work. The officers of the battalion played a cricket .match with the gentlemen of Ramsey, and the match resulted in a win for Ramsey by 6 wickets. The different.companies are engaged in the prelimin- ary rounds of the tug-of-war contest, the final of which is included in the battalion sports, which will take place on Friday. In the evening the signalling section paraded for lamp practice. Thursday was another field day, parade being ordered at 8 a.m. The wind was blowing half a gale and many of the men when up the mountains found it hard work to keep their feet. The battalion was skirmishing and the signallers were scattered about the hills near the camp on brigade duty under the brigade signalling officer. In the afternoon some of the companies turned out in full marching order for inspection by the com- pany officers. RACES AND SPORTS YESTERDAY. [BY TELEGRAPH.] The Ist South Lanoashire Regiment held horse races and sports yesterday afternoon at•Milntown in magnifi- cent weather by permission of Colonel Jones, in aid of the Golf Club. Several thousand people were present. There was a large number of entries and spirited com- petition.

- Results :—Mile and half flat race first, Lance Corporal Hatton's Darkie; Mugler Clarke'sßugler Dunn ; third Private Dubobbins Bob.

Hundred yards fonl, race, first Private Harris'; 2 Miller • 3 Simcock.

Officers 'hurdle race mounted 1, Lieutenant Avery's Strodeaway ; 2, Captain Crosfield's Conqueror; 3, Lieu- tenant Connors Good Lass. Sack Race :-1, Whittaker; 2, Simcock. Mounted Infantry Challenge Cup:-1, Lance-Sergeant Maginn's old Joe; 2, Colour-Sergeant Bullens Brondin ; 3, Sergeant Richardson's Douglas. Officers Flat Race :-1, Captain Fairclough's Topper; 2, Lieutenant Avery's Hoppit; 3, Lieutenant Connor 's Niger. _ _ _

Victoria Cross Race Challenge Cup:-1, Private Furness's William First; 2, Private Bramall's Spottie. Driving Competition-1. Lance-Corporal Alden. Tug of War:—A. Company. beat Band. During the. day the Cheshires, Hereford Rifles and Welsh Fusiliers bad battalion training. Health of camp excellent, men orderly, well behaved and in high spirits. Evening beautifully fine.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

A meeting of the Council, was held at Market Grate Chambers, on Monday, the President (his Worship the Mayor) in the chair.

REDUCED RAILWAY FARES.

The SECRETARY (Alderman Bennett) read a letter from the Railway Clearing House in reply to a letter which had been forwarded, at the request ,of the Chamber, to all the local Railway Companies suggest- ing the desirability of making similar concessions in England to those enjoyed in Scotland in reference to cheap passenger tickets. It was stated that the matter had been carefully considered by the Railway Superin- tendents in conference, and that they regretted that they were unable to accede to the Council's request. MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S TARIFF' PROPOSALS.

The SECRETARY expressed his regret that the gentle- men whom it had been hoped would represent the Chamber at the forthcoming Congress of Chambers of i Commerce of the Empire n Montreal found that it would not be possible for them to do so, as the Congress would be specially interesting in view of Mr. Chamber- lain's proposals as to preferential trade, and would afford a unique opportunity to any member who could spare the time of visiting all parts of Canada. He said that many of the Chambers of Commerce of the United Kingdom were discussing Mr. Chamberlain's proposals and passing resolutions thereon, and suggested that, as the matter was of vital importance to the trade of the town, itwould be well to call a general meeting of the Chamber to discuss the subject. • The CHAIRMAN thought it WM better to wait until some more definite scheme was before the country. Messrs. C. E. Parker, Frederick Monks, John Fair- dough, J. Fulton Smith, H. P. Densham, and J. H. Smethurst, also spoke upon the subject, and it was finally resolved, on the motion of Mr. Parker, seconded by Mr. Faircloug.h "That the Executive of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce considers it premature to express any opinion on the important changes which Mr Chamberlain suggests in the fiscal policy of this country, but would view with satisfaction any thoroughly national enquiry into - the conditions under which our important international and colonial trade is carried on, and is prepared to offer any local facilities or help within its power." CONCILIATION TREATY WITH FRANCE. A resolution was also passed approving of the steps which have been taken by Nr. Thomas Barclay (ex-president of the British Chamber of Commerce in Paris) with a view to promoting a Conciliation Treaty between Great Britain and France.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

NEWIST. HELENS MAGISTRATES.

The County Sea'keeper at Preston, on Wednesday placed the names of the following gentlemen upon the Commission of the Peace for the borough of St. Helens: —Mr. John Aloysius Collins, 8, Kiln-lane, Denton's- grove ; Mr. William Johnson Cook, Cowley-mount, iron- founder; Mr. James Crooks,Woodlands,Eccleston Park, Prescot ; Mr. Patrick Donnellan, 24, Westfield-street; Mr. Arthur Richard Pilkington, St. Helens, glass manu- facturer; Dr. James B. Reid, 2, Cottam ; Mr. Walter Ledgard Shaw, Hazel-view, Huy.ton, glass manufacturer

===== 0002601_19030801_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MEAN THEFT BY A ST. REL6IS LODGER.

James Broom, a young, colliery worker, of Herbert- street, was charged at bt. Helens on Wedesday with stealing a number of articles, value 12s. from the honk() of Abel Jones, of 12, Southport-street. Mr. Wood, Chief Constable, said Broom went to. lodge at Jones's, but at the end of a week got into debt, and when he owed Ll for board and lodgings he went to Collins Green Colliery and draw his wages,and did not go back. Polioe-constable Tunstall arrested Broom, and found the articles on him. Broom said he was born on Aspull Moor. Fined 21s. or three weeks' imprisonment. MARRIED MISERY AT ST. HELENS.

Thomas Harrison,hawker,of Patricroft,was summoned at St. Helens on Wednesday for maintenance arrears. Mrs. Harrison said her husband had been all over the world. Hanging was too good for him. Harrison said he had no means of paying. He was sent to goal for two months.—Henry Lyon, collier, of 38, Cairns-street, was charged on a similar warrant. He pleaded that he would work and be teetotal, and on the understanding that he would pay something down he was liberated for a week. MARRIAGE OF MR. R. H. PILICGTON.

An interesting society wedding took place on Tuesday, at the Kensington Congregation Chapel, London, W., the contracting parties being Mr. R. H. Pilkington, of St. Helens. and Miss Hope Cozens-Hardy, younger daughter of Lord Justice Cozens-Hardy. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a raisonette silk dress trimmed with Irish lace, with tulle veil, and was attended to the altar by six bridesmaids, the mem- bers of her ownand the bridegroom's family. Mr. Sidney rjlkington acted as best man. The Rev. Silvester- Horne, brother-in-law of the bride, officiated. After the ceremony a largely-attended reception was held at Bailey's Hotel. The wedding presents were numerous and handsome. MOTHER-IN-LAW DT PERIL.

Mary Walsh, a young married woman, appeared in the dock at St. Helens on Tuesday with a baby in her arms, and was charged with a breach of the peace. Police- constable Bramwell said the woman was creating a riot and breaking the windows of the model lodging-house kept by her mother-in-law. Some timeago the prisoner was sent to gaol for neglect of children. Mrs. Walsh, sen., took charge of two of the children, and prisoner was tryingto get her children back.—Accused said that hor husband was ill-treating her, ancihe flung the brush at him, but missed him and struck tfie window.— Bramwell said the husband was perfectly sober, and in bed at the time.—The magistrates advised the w011),R11 tO go to the workhouse, and discharged her.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SMALLPDX AT WIDNES.

We hear that Mr. Isaac Carr, gas and water engineer, is suffering athis residence from an attack of smallpox. Mr. Carr went out last Tuesday week with the members of the Council on their annual inspection,and was work- ing on Thursday at the gasworks. How he contracted the malady is not known. SALVAGrAWARD.

On Wednesday, in the Admiralty Court, Mr. Justice Walton and Trinity Masters awarded £1,600 salvage to the owners of the steam tug Blazer for the salvage of the steamship Duncrag off the coast of Anglesey in July last. The ship was bound with a cargo of flints from 106 camp to Weston Point, on the Mftnchester Ship Canal.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A VIOLENT NAVVY AT WIDgES.

'On Thursday morning, George Jout, a labourer work- ing on the Vyrnwy pipe track at Growood, was charged with assaulting George Whitfield and his wife on Satur- day last. Prisoner went into the Growood Tavern and asked for drink, but was refused owing to his condition and was asked to leave the house, whereupon he became violent and struggled, kicked the landlord in the face, and blackened his eye. Eventually he was got off the premises, but soolteturned, and assaulted the landlady also giving her allack eye. Prisoner, in his defence pleaded that he had been assaulted also. The bench sent him to gaol for one month with hard labour. Mr. Bacon, the chairman, said they were determined to pro- tect publicans who tried to conduct their businesses properly. ASS AU LT ON A RUNCORN PUBLICAN.

On Monday at the Runcorn Petty Sessions, James Robinson, Mill-street, was charged with having assaulted. Luke Holmes, licensee of the Anchor Inn, Brunswick- street, on July 24th. He pleaded guilty.—Complainant said the prisoner came into the house at half-past ten on the night of the 24th July. He was drunk, and asked to be served. He was told he had had too much drink and that he must go outside. He refused. Com- plainant requested him to go several times. He commenced to quarrel with a customer, and complainant then put hint outside. He came in by another door, and said what he would do for complainant if he got six mouths. Complainant was going to the vaults and prisoner struck him a violent blow in the mouth. Prisoner • said he wanted to sell a medal belonging to the King for a shilling, when prosecutor threw him outside on his face. He re-entered the house by the next door, and prosecutor struck him. He then struck prosecutor. The magistrates committed • prisoner to gaol for a month and bound him over in two sureties for twelve months. SESSION'S MISCELLANY. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday before Messrs. A. Thomas and James Pritchard, Priscilla Hughes, Regent-street, was fined ss. and costs on the evidence of P.C. Preston for using obscene language in a court off Regent-street on July • 16th.—James Robinson and Annie Collins Mill-street, were charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Millstone-yard on July 9th. P.C. Wilding said the prisoners were drunk and behaved most scandalously. The neighbours strongly complained of their conduct. There were 23 previous convictions against Robinson and 26 against Collins. Robinson had been committed to gaol for a month and bound over in a previous sase. A month was added to his sentence. Collins was sent to gaol fore month and bound over for twelve months. —Minnie Price was fined 10s. and cos e.§ for having been drunk at the same time and place. P.C. Wilding proved the case. Elizabeth Chadwick. a tramp, against whom there were several convictions in other towns, was sent to gaol for 21 days for having been drunk and disorderly in Halton-road on Saturday night. P.C.Brayford proved the case. He said the woman refused to give her name. Superintendent Ennion said he saw the woman at the Police Station and recognized her as one who had been on tramp for eight years. She had been convicted several times at Altrincham and Over. RUNCORN LIBRARY COMM ITTE E. _ _

The monthly meeting of this committee was held at the Town Hall, Runcorn, last Friday evening. There were present :—Messrs. S. Pope (who presided), D.Bis- brown, T. Riley. W. Hankinson, F. W. Hutton, J. F, 1 Moulton, W. J. Cunningham, and Mrs. Jones (librarian.) The Chairman said the librarian's report showed an , average daily issue of 18 more than in the corresponding ' month of last year. The library had been open two days less than inJime last yea.r,butso more volumes had been taken out. The number of books borrowed was steadily increasing. In the Reference Department, however, there had been a decrease. The Chairman said the Book Selection Committee had drawn up a reply and for- warded it to Mr. Carnegie in answer to his sletter. The reply was signed by the Chairman of the Library Com- mittee and the Chairman of the Council. The Chairman .of the Council had received a reply stating that there was an item of expenditure under the head of rate. Mr.Carnegiecould not understand why this was so, when the buildings belonged to the Urban Council. The committee, in answer, pointed out that rate was only used as a convenient term and included lighting, rent, cleaning, repairs, &c. Photographs of the library buildings were also forwarded. Mr. 'Moul- ton asked if it would not be desirable to have Mr Carnegie's letter read for ths information of the Com- mittee. The Chairman said the letter was in the possession of the Chairman of the Council. The only point, Mr. Carnegie could not understand, was why they should pay rent when the premises belonged to the Council. Mr. Ilisbrown thought the outlook was more hopefnl since Mr. Carnegie had shown his interest to the extent of a second inquiry. Mr. Wilding had marked and endorsed the photograph.s showing the character of the buildings. After some discussion it was decided to defer the question of sending a representative to the Libraries' Associationronference at Leeds to the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WINDOW SMASHING.

At Widnes, on Thursday morning, Michael Cummings, labourer, Lee-street, a retired army man, was charged with doing damage to the windows of the Blackburn Arms amounting to £3 10s. Prisoner pleaded guilty, but said he had been drinking for some days and did not know what he was doing. A fine of 10s. 6d. costs, and a damage was imposed, or in default fourteen days.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
TRANSFER OF 'LICENCES AT WIDNES.

Before Mr. J. R. Paton and Alderman Wareing, at the Widnes Sessions on Thursday morning, James Web- ster, licensee of the King's Arms, Ann-street, applied for temporary authority to sell at the Market Hotel ; and Mr. T. Fazakerley,late barman at the Bradley Hotel, made application to sell at the King's Arms. Both applicants have good characters in the conduct of their business,and the transfers were granted. CHOIR BOYS' 2RIP FROM RUNCORN.

The Parish Church choir boys had their annual trip to Southport on Saturday. The morning was spent on the shore. After dinner the Churchtown gardens were visited, and the boys returned to Southport for tea. A visit was afterwards paid to the market,and the rdturn journey was commenced at eight o'clock. The Rev. H. B. Firth and Messrs. Littler and Boraster accompanied the boys.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING CRUELTY TO HORSES AT FRODSHAM.

IHenry Savage, farmer, Frodsham, was charged at Frodsham Petty Sessions on Wednesday with cruelly illtreating a horse at Frodsham on July 10th. Mr. Blake Jones, of the R.S.P.C.A., prosecuted. Alfred Thornley (16) said he was working with Mr. Savage in a field on the Marsh,mowing when one of the horses commenced to kick and got its leg over theshaft. The horses were taken out and witness went home with one of them. When he got back he saw Mr. Savage running the other horse round and beating it with a whip. He broke thewhip and then struck it several times with a buckle. He beat the animal for ' more tl4an half an hour. Witness last saw the horse at half-past five in the loose box. It was lying down with its head on the, floor. Sergeant Brs,tt said he heard of what had taken place and saw the defendant on the following night. He admitted that he thrashed the horse and that themiLa,d to shoot it. A Chester horse- slaufthterer had taken it away. Witness telephoned to the Chester police and the horse was deftained at Sal tney. Inspector Jones saw the body. Under the hide it was a mass of corruption from having been thrashed with a buckle. The near hind leg was dislocated. Mr. Churton, who defended, said defendant was obliged to thrash the horse to subdue it. A flue of 40s. and costs was impospd.—George- Okell, Such Farm, Frodsham, was summoned for a similar offence on July 23rd. The evidence of William and Robert Sutton, Sergeant Bratt and P.C.Proctor was to the effect that the horse gibbed in the field. Defen- dant first thrashed it with a stick and then placing a I batten of straw under its stomach set fire to it. Thel horse was severely burned. There was a blister eighteen inches long by a foot wide. Defendant was fined 40s. and 16s. 6d. costs. FRODSHAM PUBLICA.N FINED.

At Frodsham Petty Sessions on Wednesday before Messrs. A. Thomas (in the chair), J. Murray, J. Ockles- ton,and S. Woodward, Thomas Dykes, licensee of the Bridge Inn, Frodsham, was summoned for permitting drunkenness on his premises on the 16th ult.—Mr.Giles, of Chester, prosecuted for the police, andthe defend- ant was represented by Mr. Smith, of Liverpool, in- structed by Mr. Linaker. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that at half-past eight on the morning of the date mentioned,P.C. Proctor visited the house to serve some pig notices and saw a man named Charles Mills in one of the rooms. He was standing near the house at half-past eleven, and saw Mills come out. He was beastly drunk. He staggered across the road, and when he got to the bridge he fell down blokwards. He turned over and tried several times to 'et up, but was unable, and Proctor assisted him up. He put him against the bridge wall and went into the inn and saw a woman named Mary Morrison in the bar. He asked if Mr. Dykes was in. She replied that Mr. and Mrs. Dykes had gone to Rhyl, and added that she was is charge of the house. He told her that the man who had just left the house was in a beastly state of drunkenness. She said she was very sorry; she did not think he was so bad. She had served him with only one pint of beer.—For the defence Mr. Smith contended that the man had only one pint of beer in the house, and left at 10.45. He had been on the bridge some time when seen by Proctor. He was sober when he left the house. Six witnesses bore out this statement in evidence.—Defendant was fined 20s. and 16s. 6d. costs, And was ordered to pay the advocate's lee, 42 21.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
• CHESHIRE EDUCATION. Grants by the Committee for Higher

Instruction.

A meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee Wag held at Crewe on Monday, Mr. C. B. Thornycroft pre- siding. The Clerk read some correspondence that had passed between Mr. J. H. Howitt, one of the newly- appointed Inspectors of Schools for the County of Chester, and himself, with regard:to his (Mr. Howitt's) resignation. Mr. Howitt applied to be allowed to withdraw his resignation' and on the motion of Dr. Hodgson, seconded by Mr. J. M. Yates, this was agreed to. With regard to the salariei of the clerks to the various committees, Dr. Hodgson said that as far as practicable the clerks would be re-appointed ; but their salaries would be fixed when it was ascertained what additional duties, if any, they are required to dis- charge. A discussion took place as to the appointment of a law clerk to advise the sub-committee for higher education for the Wallasey Urban district. Eventually the following resolution was passed unani- mously: "That the Wallasey Urban District Council be informed that the Cheshire Education Committee regret that they cannot recognise Mr. Cook as the legal adviser of the sub-committee, as the delegation by the County Council to the committee provided that all legal business in connection with the administration of the Act is to be conducted by, or under the supervision, of the clerk of the County Council."

The Higher Education sub-committee was appointed with Dr. Hodgson as chairman, and the Rev. W. H. Binney as deputy chairman. The dutiesassigned to the sub-committee included the provision of special classes, the making of gmnts,questions affecting the training of teachers, and the provision of suitable colleges for this work.

The question of taking over the Wallasey Grammar School was deferred.. The Director of Education was instructed to meet the Governors of the Nantwich and Acton Grammar School and discuss with them the question of the school being handed over to the County Council.

Grants were made to the following Higher Education Sub-6ommittee,s :—The boroughs of Congleton, £222 ; Crewe, £912: Dukinfield, £365; Hyde, £732.; Maccles- field, £668; Stalybridge, £449; and the Urban District of Wallasey, £1,260. Grants amounting to £3,534 were made to certain of the Elementary Education Adminis- trative Sub-committees for purposes of higher educa- tion. . _ _

Tt was decided that where vacancies for pupil teachers existed, the appointments should be advertised, so as to give all an equal chance of applying. A letter was read from the Education Department calling attention to the serious overcrowding of the Church School at Northenden, and intimating that if the recognised accommodation is again exceeded no further annual grant will be paid. The Clerk read a letter from the Sa.ndbach and Dis- trict Free Church Council complaining that of the 23 persons selected by the Administrative Sub-Committee of the Cheshire county Council to be managers of public elementary schools in the Congleton Union Dis- trict, 21 were members of the Church of England. Canon Armitstead explained how the appointments were made,

It was decided to furnish a copy of the county archi- tect's report on the condition of the elementary schools in the county area to the various school managers.

GIFT OF A SECONDARY SCHOOL.

Sir John T. Brunner, M.P., chairman of Brunner, Mond, and Co., has officially intimated that Dr. Ludwig Mond and himself will present to Northwich and the county of Cheshire a secondary school equipped for the teaching of 200 scholars. The Cheshire Education Com- mittee have made Northwich a centre for higher educa- tion, and this joint gift will relieve the county of considerable expense. The school will be worked in conjunction with the Verdin Technical School, North- wich, where certain secondary classes can be held.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MONO-RAIL Failure to Raise the Capital. No Shares to be Issued.

The Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Rail- way Company have issued the following circular, bearing the sigsature of Mr. J. It. Swan, secretary, to all appli- cants for shares in the company : "I am instructed by the Board of Directors to inform you that the applications received for shares in the above company do not, in their judgment, offer capital of a sufficient amount to guarantee the successful com- pletion of so important an undertaking. "Arrangements for the provision of the full resources required are under consideration, but meanwhile they think it advisable to allot no shares at the present stage. The directors have arrived at this conclusion with regret. " The 'numerous applications received from small local investors make them desirous to further, if possible, the commencement of a public enterprise which has been approved by the joint committee of representatives of 3faechester and Liverpool, by the Committee of the House of Commons, by the Board of Trade, and by the most eminent electrical engineers. The Act incorporating the Company has left to the discretion of the directors the minimum amount upon which shares may be allotted, and they have concluded that any deficiency in the capital needed to carry the works through without interruption or,delaymight materially affect the estimates submitted to you in the prospectus as to the time and total of outlay required before the receipts anticipated could be earned, and so I endanger the security of the original shareholders."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a. guarantee of good faith.

Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

We cannot under ordinary circuinstance§,undertake return themanuscripts which are not used.

The Grappenhall Day School Manage- ment Committee. Sir,—l looked with some interest in last Saturday's issue, for .an explanation from Mr. W. H. Bradford in answer to Mr. S. Jenkins' letter on the above subject, and was astonished to find no reply. If the matter is as A Mr. Jenkins says and lam not aware that there is the v slightest reason to doubt it, then it was a course mean in the extreme and altogetherinnworthy of one bearing the name of Christian. The least Mr. Bradford could have done, if his name had been proposed suddenly and unawares to himself, was at once to explain what . his fellow Nonconformists had done, and leave the Council to refuse their nominee. Mr. Bradford owes an apology to the Nonconformists and especially to Mr. Jenkins, and as an honourable man he ought to with- draw from the position as he has not the confidence of his fellow-Nonconformists and therefore cannot repre- sent them. Besides,already he holds several offices,being a member of the Board of Guardians, the Sanitary Authority and the Parish Council. Why should he be so ready to accept another position? I have noticed a. tendency on the part of Parish Councils when choosing a Nonconformist representative to select the mildesb most insipid,and least robust of their kind. They do this as they suppose to avoid friction, but in doing so, they do an injustice to Nonconformists and cause more fric- tion and dissatisfaction. In any case such authorities would do well to appoint the men duly recommended by the Nonconformists themselves, as peaceful working can never be effected in this or any other parish, by ignoring the man whom the Nonconformists select as their representative and so adding insult to the injury caused by this most unjust act. lam yours &c., "HONOUR BRIGHT."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON v. ST. HELENS HAIRDRESSERS

• ASSOCIATION. --- Sociability characterised the return visit between these two societies. The meeting took place at the "Black Horse" Rainhill on Thursday last. The Warrington contingent took the road by 'bus at 2 p.m., arriving at about 3 p.m. After the combined party had been photographed the two bowling teams quickly set to work in the match which had bem arranged. The following were the scores.

ST. HELENS. WARRECGTON. S. D. S. D. H. Smith .I 1 14 G. Mercer ' 11 " . Hedgcock 5 S. Kay S. Halewood J. Shewell llll5 6} 11 F. Shaw J. Myers J. Fitzpatrick s} NV. Jones 5 11 1 H. Powell ll H. Wilcox 4 1 15 C. Fisher F. Jones 6) J. Podmore ll f 5 W. Robinson s}lo G Titchard ll 1, , H. Whittaker B. Barr ~ W. Middlehurst W. Sutherland ll.l 15 W. Dumbell 7 , A. Savage 5) W. Mannering n . W. Sutton 2,1 F. Butterworth ... 11 }l5 9 J. Barr James Barr Len Barr St. Helens Doubles... 12{ W'gton Doubles ... 107 Singles l5O Singles

283 263 Majority for St. Helens After the match a sumptuous repast prepared by the host and hostess, was done full justice to. Mr. Mercer gpoke a few words of welcome to the visitors, and Mr Wilcox respond!ag, ptititssed the visitors thanks and satisfaction at the good things provided by the friends at St. Helens. Mr. Podmore, sen., also supported and said such gatherings were of value to the trade in cementing all together in unity,and expressed the hope that in the future the Northern Counties Federation to which they were all affiliated would be the means of still further advancing the cause of the trades progress and bring about more gatherings of a similar nature. Mr. J. Podmore, jun. secretary of the Federation res- ponded. The remainder of the evening was spent in song and conviviality, the visitors departing about 9.30 p.m., after an enjoyable, pleasant, and memorable day. •

===== 0002601_19030801_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING COMPETITIONS.

WALK BETWEEM WARRINGTON .I.:SD ECCLES. An unusual large crowd assembled oplaosite the Cross Keys, Buttermarket-street on Saturday afternooa to witness the arrival of the competitors in the walk from Eccles to Warrington and back. 'Warrington was the half way house, as it were, and as the com- petitors turned -round at the Cross Keys to perform the second half of the journey, the onlookers were given an opportunity of picking out the most likely winners. The first to arrive at Warrington was T. Platt, of Woolston, with Owen Davies of High. Legh close upon his heels. Owen Davies was then going strongly and therelwere many in Warrington who pre- dicted that he would be the winner. This turned out to be the case, and he won by about a minute. J. Isherwood and F. Mea- cock, both of Warrington, were second and third respectively, and they are to be congratulated on their performance. The competition was organised by the Eccles harriers. About £4O was offered in prizes. The walk resulted as follows :-1, Owen Davies, High Legh, 4hrs. 48mins. 12sec.; 2, J. Isherwood, Warring- ton, 41irs. 49mins. 20sec. ; 3, F. Meacock, Warrington, 4hrs. 51mins. 50secs.; 4, E. Spedding, Leigh, 4hrs. 52mins. ssec.; 5,J. Rimmer, Cadishead, 4hrs. 56mins.; G. T. Platt, Woolston, 4hrs. 56mins. 2secs.; 7, W. Watkins', Eccles, shrs. lmin isec.; 8, F. Malen, Irlam, shrs. 2nains. 14secs.; 0, W. Bennett, Heaton Mersey, shrs. 4mins. 31sec.; 10, A.. Shaw, Eccles, shrs. 4mins. 42 secs.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SHIPPERS' WALK.

A walking competitiOri—a-rr-an—Wed .I;;V—the shipping traders of Runcorn took place on bSaturday afternoon. The competitors, who numbered 18, went by train to Chester and the walk was from Hoole Bridge to the Top Locks, Runcorn. The route was through Mickle Trafford, Dunham Hill, Helsby, Frodsham, Sutton turn- bridge, Rock Savage, Park-road, Moughlands-lane, Shaw- street and Station-road. The competitors were : Messrs. ,T. Ball,lll. H. Bridges, N. P. Dunning, G. Hol I ins- worth, C. Atherton, T. 13rocklehurst,T.Barlow,T Bate,E ILea, N. McLeod, E. Moorfield, J. H. Rutter.WmHewitt F. Howard, Wm. Bickford, Win. Carter, H. Peacock Fred Thomas, and H. Moores. A start was made from, Hoolel3ridge shortly before three o'clock. Six hand- some prizes were offered. The result Wns as follows: —l, E. Lea, 2hr. 42min. (barometer and thermometer. combined, value £2 10s., also prize value £1) ; 2, J. H. Rutter, 2hr.44min. (timepiece value £2; 3, Fred Thomas, 2hr. 44min. 30sec. (pair of opera glasses,valu. £1) • 4, R. H. Bridges, 2hr. 45min. (smokers' companion, value 155.); 5, T. Brocklehurst, 2hr. 47min. (cigarette ease mad pocketbook combined, value 12s. 6d.) ; 6, T. Bate, 2hr. 47min. 20sec. (box of cigars, value 10s.) Several of the prizes were supplied by Mr. W. Shaw, jun., Top Locks. . ST. HELENS TRADES'oEMPLOYEES WALK. In a walk on Thursday to Ormskirk and back, over twenty miles, the result was :-1, H. Burns, 3hrs. 30,1-min. •2, F. Perkins, 3hrs. 31.1 min. •' 3, G. Fishwick, 3hrs. 3lmin. ; 4, G. Grantham,3hrs. 3.3imin.: 5,5. Leaf, 3hrs. 38min.; 6, W. For, 3hrs. 381 min.; 7, J. Burrows, 3hrs. 39min, ; 8, Connolly, 3hrs. 41min.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

ANOTH NIL 17 I E.—Great exeitement was caused on Saturday morning last, bya fire which had broken out in a stable and loft belonging to Mr. Millington, Heath- road. The fire was first perceived by Mr. Peter Board- man at 4 tun., and he at once gave the alarm. A large number of the residents in the road, were quickly roused, and an amateur fire brigade quickly formed. The earliness of the hour prevented the Warrington Brigade being telephoned for, but by the aid of ladders and buckets the fire was eventually got under. It was fortunate the outbreak was discovered so soon,but as it was the roof was quite destroyed, and the contents of the loft ruined. The origin of the fire is unknown, and the damage is said to be covered by insurance. WKSLF.YAN CHAPEL—TR connection with the above, a special feature on Sunday night last, was the repeti. tion of the sacred Cantata 1` The New Jerusalem" which was rendered on the recent Anniversary Sunday. The performance„ of this piece was by request, and it seems a pity that the labour of the practising &c., should be given for one performance only. The excellence of the interpretation, warrants several repetitions, and it is hoped that the piece may yet again be given at a later period. Mr. James Dodds made a brief but telling address. The collection was in aid of the Sunday School funds, and amounted to VI.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lii 11 .i ,

===== 0002601_19030801_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
1.

at

T. 13, f'.tl t

===== 0002601_19030801_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly oeneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. i Now the great need of the age s some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the prevalent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the needs of the mer- .chantoand the workman, the professional man, and he who 'wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the. :student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, sucha preparation a contains no injurious ingredients, and which May be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection ,of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed he an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has faifed to give rerief, and we may say further, that it has proved permanently beneficial, when other pre- parations at best only gave temporary relief. It is -strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side Giddiness, Loss of Appe- tite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleep- lessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness either after an illness, long oonfinement to ill-ventilated rooms or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts as the system which have been weakemed by it, and therefore most liable to zolcis and other ailments. Gvvilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the. year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold verywhere in bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, but would any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the proprietors will forward same for the above prices; carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, " Gwilyra Evans," on Label,Stamp,and Bottle Sale Proprietors: Quinine Bittors Manufacturing Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A CARTER'S BAIBEZZLEMENT.

At Warrington Borough Police Court, on Tuesday before Alderman Sutton and other magistrates, Robert Blanchard, Bostock-street, was committed to prison for two months on charges of embezzling two sums of 18.9 d. and one or 10-Ad, on the 11th, :20th and 21st inst respec- tively, moneys received by him on behalf othiS master, Mr. -Joshua Pickstqn, coal dealer, 89, Liverpool-road. He pleaded guilty.—Mr. Steel prosecuted, and said that prisoner went out delivering coal from house to house. In some cases he received payment on delivery, and in ,others the coal was paid for at the end of the week. As Mr. Pickston had business at St. Helens,his wife managed, the business at Warrington. Each night the prisoner brought in his account to Mrs. Pickston to settler with the money he had drawn. Although they

ad only brought threg small cases against the pilsonei, the total defalcations amounted to about £lO. Mr. Steel describing how the prisoner obtained the money, said instead of paying the amount to Mrs. Pickston,he said the customer had not paid. Mrs. Pickston made out bills against the people prisoner said had not paid, and they came and denied that they owed lay money, stating that they had paid Blanchard at the time. Pri- soner was discharged by Mrs. Pickston. on Saturday, and arrested on a warrant.—The Chief Constable said prisoner had previously had 14 days for stealing a jacket and 12 strokes of the birch rod for stealing a shirt.

"BLACK AND BLITE.".

Before Mr. Birchall and other magistrates, at the Borough Police Court, on Saturday, John Farrington was charged under a warrant with assaulting his wife Mary Farrington, on July 23rd.—Complainant said that her husband came to her in the yard and struck her twice on the head, knocking her to the ground. He then tried to drag her into the house. On Wednesday evening he also assaulted her, and her arm was "black and blue " through his violence. She did not pick up a cobble stone to throw at him.—By the defendant: She did not pickup a knife to stab him with,nor did she pick up a'big cobble stone.- -The Police Matron deposed to having examined the complainant's body, which had been badly bruised. What she had observed must have been the result of great violence.—At this point the complain Ant bared her arms to the inspection of the Bench to show the ill-usage she had received.—Dr. Fox examined the woman's arms, one of which was in a shocking condi- tion.—The defendant accused his wife of striking him on the head with a poker and a flower pot. He said he had never struck her with his fist, but he had held her arms tightly—he might have been rough—to prevent her doing him an injury. He called one of his sons to speak in' his favour, and after a great deal of reluct- ance, the son admitted, in answer to a question from the Chief Constable, that "he had seen his father strike his mother."—The defendant was convicted of an aggra- vated assault, and fined 255. including costs.—The defendant was then served with a summons requiring him to show cause why a separation order should not be made against him.—The order was granted, and the magistrates ordered Farrington to pay ss. a week towards his wife's maintenance. SAD STORY OF A WLFE'S DRUNKENNESS.

It was a sad story told to the B3rough magistrates yesterday during the haring of an application by Robert Holbrook, of 47, Watkin-street, for a separation .order on the ground of his wife, Elizabeth being an habitual drunkard..--The applicant stated that for the last twelve months his wife had been . out of the house drinking and living a loose life. 'The care of his children had been left to his mother. His wife came into the house during his absence and took things away and pawned them. She spent the money he had received in drink. He had also found her consorting with other men.—lnspector Hackett said he had made several attempts to get the woman to lead a better life but it was all in vain. Since February last she had been going from bad to worse, and drinking ,continually. He thought it would be the best thing for the children, if a separation order were made and the care orthe children entrusted to the husband and his mother.—Superintendent Monaghan gave tile applicant a good character but was unable to say the same for the wo nan.—The magistrates asked her if she. would go to a home for six months, but she refused.— Inspe3tor Hackett said he and Vr. Taylor had both tried to induce her to go to a home but she would not g.—The magistrates granted a separation order but made no order as to maintenance. The defendant said she could get her own living by cutting.

DISGRACEFUL SCENE IN A TRAMCAR. Thoms Powell, of 39, Elizabeth-street,was summoned at the Warrington Police Court, yesterday on the double'charge of enterinq an electric car belonging to the Warrington Corporation whilst in a state of intoxi- cation, and also with interfering with the comfort of passengers.—Mr. Stanley Wilson (deputy Town Clerk) prosecuted,and stated that defendant was a puddler,and not only entered the car in a state of intoxication, but committed an assault on a passenger of a very cowardly nature. On Wednesday, the 22nd inst, as the ten o'clock car to Sankey Bridges arrived at the Post Office, a man named John Moore, of Booth-street, Sankey Bridges, got into the car. As soon as he had taken his seat he was followed by the defendant, who got in front of him and struck him a teriffic blow in the face with a stone which he held in his hand. Moore suffered considerably from the injuries to his nose and mouth, and it was with some difficulty that the conductor was able to hold the defendant until the arrival of a constable. The conductor could not find a constableat the Post Office and proceeded on the car to Sankey Bridges until he met P.C. Woods. A serious aspect of the case was that the defendant almost hita child which was in a woman's arms at the time. There were thirteen ladies in the car and they were much alarmed at what took place. He ventured to say the case was one of the worst he had ever brought before the Bench. It appeared that the two plen had met previously in a public house arid some disphte had arisen. There was not the slightest excuse for the de- fendant following Moore into the car and attacking him in the way mentioned. There was no necessity for the defendant to enter the car at all.— John Moore gave evidence as to being assaulted by the defendant.- They had previously been in the Wooipack . and they had an argument. The defendant followed him into the car and struck him with the stone. He lost a lot of blood and next day he could not go to his work.—Conductor Lythgoe also gave evidence bearing out Mr. Wilson's statement.—The defendant stated that Moore gave him two black eyes.—Asked why he assaulted Moore with a stone in his hand, defendant said Moore was "too big for him."—The magistrates fined the defendant 10s. including costs on each charge —2os. in all.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

handcart and conveyed to the Police Station. When being put on the handcart she kicked Ilesp in the stomach.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. F. Monks (presiding), T. Birchall, H. Thornton, S. Wright, and J. W. Hayward. FOUND IN AN EMPTY HOUSE.—Edward Lynch, was charged that he, being "a rogue and vagabond." was found lodging in an empty house in Wilderspool-road, on Saturday night. He pleaded guilty. Frederick , Stanley, an electrician, residing at Arley said he was going home on his bicycle on Saturday night, and in consequence of a communication made to him, he went into an empty house in Wilderspool-road. , He found the prisoner in one of the rooms and detained him until the arrival of P.C. Houghton. Prisoner was fined Samuel Johnson, companion to the last prisoner, was similarly dealt with for using obscene language in Horsemarket-street on Sunday. 1 No LlGHT.—Jonathan Broadhurst, Bostock-street, was fined 103. and costs for not having a lighted lamp attached to his vehicle in Chester-road on July 21st.— P.C. Reddington proved the case and stated that the defendant told him his lamp had fallen out of the cart. TITESDAY.—Before Aldermen Sutton (presiding) and _ _

Hutchinson and Dr. Fox;

WARRINGTON'S "BLACK-LISTER." John Wilfred Delooze, Dudley-street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-street, on Monday. He pleaded guilty. Police-constable Reddington proved the case. The Chief Constable said that prisoner was the only individual who had been" black-listed" in Warring- ton. Even since he was "black-listed" he had been fined ss. and costs, so late as the 18th of the present month. Prisoner was sent to gaol for fourteen days. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. Birchall and Alderman Hutchinson.

£5O SPENT IN DRINK.—Ann Macdonald, last from Liverpool, was sent to gaol for seven days for having been drunk and incapable in Sankey-street on the previous evening.—P.C. Cox proved the case, and Superintendent Monagh-an stated tbat the prisoner had £5O left her a shott time ago, but she had spent it all in drink.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. HephSd (chairman). Alderman Smethurst,. Councillors John Roberts and Henry

Thornton.

A BOXER AND HIS FATHER.—Michael Jeffers was summoned at the instance of his father on a charge of having beaten and assaulted him in September, 1901— The complainant said he did not wish to press the case against his son, who was under the influence of drink at the time.—The magistrates allowed the case to be withdrawn.

A WOMAN'S QUARREL.—Mary McLoughlin was fined ss. for assaulting Mary Burke on the 20th July. NOT AN EIABITUAL DRUNK ARD.—Ann Traynor applied for a separation order against her husband, Peter Traynor, on the ground that he was an habitual drunkard. —The applicant stated that her husband lost time at the works through drinking. She was unable to say how many times her husband got drunk. He gave her 17s. Gd. on the previous Saturday and £1 the week previous to that.—The magistrates said they were not satisd that the defendant was an habitual drunkard and dismissed the application.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
DURING THE COMING HOLIDAYS

Are you going to have an attack of indigestion, head- ache, liver trouble, or some similar disorder which will spoil your enjoyment? You don't know—perhaps not —but you should have a safeguard. Chas. Forde's bile beans—not imitations, mind you—are a preventive of these ailments as well as a cure. A few beans may be tarried loose in te pocket. They are not sugar coated and sticky, and a bean taken after a heavy, Meal, or at night upon retiring after a long day, will prevent headache in the morning, prevent a "nasty taste "in the mouth, and will ensure you a night's refreshing sleep. If you haven't tried them send for a sample box. Mention the name of this paper, enclose a penny stamp to pay return postage, and address your application to the bile bean co's. central depot, Leeds. Don't let this offer pass!

===== 0002601_19030801_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRANSPORTER BRIDGE. Approaching Completion.

The sixth ordinary general meeting of the sharehold- ers of the Widnes 'and Runcorn Bridge' Company was hold on Tuesday at the offices of the secretary, No. 6, Castle-street, Liverpool. in the absence of the Chair- man (Sir John Brunner, Bart. M.P.), who had gone away for a short rest, the Deputy-'chairman (Sir Henry Seton-Karr, M.P.),presided, supported by the following directors :—Messrs. H. Wade Deacon, Holbrook Gaskell, jun., Samuel Owen, Samuel Quinn, and R. H. Posnett. There were also present Mr. Alsop and Mr. Oppenheim (solicitors), Mr. F. H. Stables (secretary), Mr. John J. Webster, and Mr. John T. Wood (engineers). The Chairman in moving the adoption of the report and accounts, which were taken as read, apologized for the absence of Sir John Brunner, Bart. Hesaid that he might state, on the authority of their engineers (Messrs. 3. Webster and J. T. Wood), who were present, that their bridge was making quite satisfactory progess. The towers on each side had been erected to about 160, foet, which was nearly theif total height. The masonry and anchorages were nearly completed,and the_wires,wit'l the cables, which were an important part, had been satis- factorily tested. The ropes were now in course of con- stniction, and a sample finished was tested at Birken- head last week with satisfactory results. Another im- portant point was that they had made a contract with Messrs Mather and Platt (Manchester) for the electric installation and equipment, including engine and dynamos to drive the car, and these were being made in duplicate, so that in the event of a break-down the traffic would not be suspended. Messrs. Mather and Platt had undertaken to finish their contract in six months. He hoped that the Bridge would be completed, before the next half yearly meeting. (Applause,) Mr. H. Wade Deacon, in s3conding the motion, said the bridge was expected to be completed by the end of this year or early in 1904. The early completion of the contracts demanded more money, and the direc- tors had just resolved to make another call of £2 per share, to be followed by a final call of £1 in November. They would then be in a position to pay for all their contracts, and the question bf debentures would be con- sidered later. He trusted that at their next meeting the bridge would be both open and earning money. (Applause.) The report and accounts were adopted unanimously. A vote of thanks was tendered to the chairman, and the suggestion of a shareholder that the Prince of Wales, or failing H.R.H.. then some other member of the Royal Family or other important personage, should be invited to ceremonially declare the bridge open, was received with enthusiasm.

The whole of the capital of, the company (£100,009) has been subscribed, £70,000 being called up. Only £5OO of the calls are in arrear. The amount expended to date of report was £56,001, there being .£13,700 balance in the bank.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FELL IN THE STREET.

A strange story comes from Bury, Lancashire, every detail of which is confirmed most absolutely. Mrs. W. Riley, who lives at 32, Ingham-street, Bury, had been ill for four years. Her trouble seemed to have its com- mencement in her Kidneys, for she had severe pains in her back which made it impossible for her to stand erect.

Another strange feature of her case was a giddiness which increased till at last she would fall down in the street, • being unable to stand when these giddy fits came on.

Her cure was as interesting as any that has ever been reported. She heard of Dodd's Kidney Pills, a remedy said to be a perfect cure for diseases of the Kidneys, and began by tryina one box. After she had used the first box she thouiht she was a little better and decided to keep on using the remedy. After a short treatment she was completely restored to health, and it is -needless to say, is very enthusiastic in her praises of Dodd's Kidney Pills. It is safe to say that as a remedy for all Kidney Complaints no other medicine has ever accomplished the results that Dodd's Kidney Pills have done.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A FEAT OF DIGESTION.

We have frequently chronicled.'cases of perverted appe tite, but none so extraordinary as the one just reported by Dr. Mounier to the French Academy of Medicine. A young man was admitted to the St. Joseph's Hospital with epilepsy, Three weeks later the house surgeon dis- covered signs of a hard substance in the man's stomach. An operation led to the discovery that he had swallowed the greater portion of a table service ! Tn all, twenty- five objects were found, including eight coffee-spoons, the back of a fork with three prongs, the handle of a fork, two long nails, a needle, one knife blade, and a tooth from a comb. He had been thus indulging his haulware-appptite for about six months; and marvel- lous to relate, has completely recovered.

BANK HOLIDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. On Monday next the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company have arranged to despatch the St. Elvies from Prince's Landing-stage at 9.15 a.m. for Llandudno, thence to Holyhead, due at 1.30 p.m. Passengers by this steamer can book for Beaurnaris, Bangor, or Menai Bridge and Carnarvon, transferring at Llandudno to the steamer Snowdon, leaving there at 11.30 a.m. for these places. Holyhead passengers return at 3.45 p.m. by The St. Elvies, due back in Liverpool at 8.15 p.m. Carnarvon passengers leave at 3 p.m. by the Snowdon, calling at all places in Menai Straits and Llandudno to Liverpool, due 8 p.m. The St. Train° will leave Liverpool as usual at 10.45 a.m. for Llandudno, Beaumaris, and Menai Bridge, due back at 7.30 p.m. ! Llandudno passengers by the St. Elvies, 9.15 a.m., will SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. Birchall (presiding), J. W. i• have six hottrs on shore at Llandudno, and by the St. Hayward, R. T. Fairclough, and Dr. Fox. 1 Tudno four hours. On Tuesday, 4th August, there will A RIDE IN A HANDCART.—Bridget Godber, of no be an early morning boat from North Wales, the St. fixed residence, was sent to gaol for a month for having Elvies leaving Menai Bridge at 6.30 a.m., calling at all been drunk and disorderly in Scotland-road on Friday places, due in Liverpool 10.15 a.m., an returning at night, and assaulting Police-constable Hesp.—P ; r-s"er 2.30 p.m. Cheap afternoon excursion tickets will be was found by P.C. Phillips, and in consequence of her issued in connection with this latter sailing. The corn- disordarly behaviour he had to take her into custody. panes otlici4l guide, with special map, will be sent post P.C. Heap came upon the scene, and she was put on a free on receipt of 3d. •

===== 0002601_19030801_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 1, 1903.

NOTES ON GIJAMES AND AT3IETICS.

Cricket.

The Earlestown men proved themselves worthy opponents of Warrington on Saturday when they played a drawn game at Earlestown. Warrington batted first and compiled the repectable total of 165, of which no fewer than 69 came from the bat of the captain, J. Bibby, who played a fine innings. Earles- town replied with 145 for 5 wickets, so that they can claim to have had by no means the worst of the struggle, which was -watched by something like 2,000 people.

Warrington were first represented by-Lynes and P. B. Hawtin, who were opposed by Howarth and Hatton. Runs came freely from the commencement, the professional driving with great power, whilst Hawtin effected some pretty strokes past cover. At 22 a double disaster befel the visitors, for Lynes touched i a rising ball from Howarth,and Alderson brought off a one-handed catch in the slips. W.H. Podmore was I bowled by Howarth before he had opened his account, and J. W. Bibby became the associate ,of Hawtin. ‘The bowling was played with confidence and twice I Hawtin placed Hatton to the rails. At 41 Howarth broke through Hawtin's defence with a good ball, making way for Thewlis, who was destined to have only a brief stay, fur Howarth bowled him with only eight rnus added. T. Houghton joined his captain and the score rising steadily, Alderson took the ball , from Hatton at 66, and immediately met with success, IHoughton playing across at the second delivery an: had his leg-stump disturbed. J. A. Briggs was bowled in the same over, and six" wickets were (I,)wn for 66. E. E. Woods cut Alderson for three, and Bibby scor- ing freely off Howarth that bowler was shunted for ;Davies. At 79 the new bowler made a successful appeal for Woods against infringing r ule 24.

J. Thompson came next and was content to see his captain slo the major portion of the scoring. At 132 the long partnership was brought to a close, the War- rington•captain playing 'a ball-on to his off stick. It was a beautiful innings, its chief characteristic: being the variety of strokes introduced during its compila- tion. Beyond a hard chance at the wicket when he had made 41,the innings. was without blemish, and its worth cannot be overestimated, for the bowling and fielding of the locals was very keen. Bibby hit seven fours.

• Further trouble was in store for the locals, for on J. Callon joining Thompson, another stand was made. Thompson now hit with his customary vigour, and 22 runs were scored in ten minutes, when a misunder- standing cost Thompson his wicket. The departing batsman had made 23, and his stay With Bibby was an object lesson in defensive cricket. The last wicket added ten runs before Hampson was caught in the long field.

Eariestown were left with a little over two hours in which to get the runs, and consideiing the size of the ground it was not a very big task. A promising start was made by Marsh and Husband who both .scored freely from Lynes and J. W. Bibby. At 45 Husband was caught at point, and T. Miller who was acezded a cheer in recognition of his fine innings the previous week against Liverpool, joined Marsh.. Runs still continued to come at a rapid pace,and the bats- men wee much in front of the clock. Thewlis took the ball from Bibby at 02: and the change checked the batsmen. Both bowlers were backed up with excellent fielding and at 75 a fine ball froth. Thewlis sent Miller back.

Crowther joined Marsh, and runs only came at rare intervals. This partnership resulted in the addition of 20 rims when Marsh failed to get back in time and Lynes threw down the wicket from mid on. Marsh had played capital cricket for his 43. S. Henderson joinedWowther, and steady play was the order. The century was hoisted, and Bibby tried again a place of Thewlis, but meeting with rough punishment, the old professional again resumed, meeting with succe,,ss, getting Henderson caught at mid on. Seven runs later Crowther was smartly run out by Podmore,-and G. B. Leigh and Howarth. were associated. It was now a quarter to seven, and rain, which had threatened for some time, commenced to fall sharply, so that the players had to retire and the game was left drawn.

The Warrington second eleven made a:much better show against Ear!estown second team than their seniors. They had, of course, the advantage of . the ground at Arpley, but the victory was due to plucky play. Batting first on an excellent wicket, the visitors from Earlestown scored 124,the chief contributors being F. J. Reade (30), W. Morse (25), and T. Bartley (20). Bennett took five wickets for 27 runs, F. Burton three for 28, and E. Pierpoint two for thirty. The heme team- gradually overhauled the visitors' score, the winning hit being made a few minutes from time, the Warrington score standing at 136 for 5 wickets. Bromley batted finely for his 38 not out and he received valuable assistance from W. Bennett (23 not out) and J. Hallam (20). It cannot be said that Sankey Wire Mills Club has done itself justice this season. • •On Saturday, they had again to suffer defeat; this ti ft at the hands of irlam O.W.S. who were visitors to tie Wire Mills ground. The margin was a very small one, but the visitors were no doubt very well pleased with themselves and their perjormance. The bowlinglvas,a feature of the afternoon's play. • On the winning side Caldwell captured five wickets for 14 runs and Tutin five for 15. On the winning side, N. Cook took 2 wickets for 3 runs, R. Cook 4 for 7 runs and Doody 4 for 17. H. Cook scored the highest number of runs, his contri- bution being 13 out of 33. Irlam's top scorer was Green with 10, the entire score realising 41.

The C.L.C. Engineers cut up rather badly on their own ground on Satukday when the Latchford Baptists were the visitors.. Alsainst the bowling of the Baptists they were only able to run up a score of 55, P. Law- less and Pb. Brown being the only players to reach double figures. The visitors gave a much better dis- play with the bat, and before the. fifth wicket " had fallen, the engineers total was passed. Wilkinson Albinson and Hunt were the three players who were chiefly responsible for the score of 118 which the Baptists compiled.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

In view of the principal Assiciation angling con- tests, the time for which is fast approaching, I would remind members of the necessity of entering for the same as early as posiible, so that arrangements can be made for successfully carrying out the same, as there are likely to be large entri,es. I would respect- fully remind members, also, that it is necessary that all competitirs should be clear on the books before these events take place, as au member • in arreftr taking part in the contests is liable to disquali- fication, or forfeiture of any prize won. Members fishing the Bridgwater Canal near any of the Company's wharves, are strictly to follow any in- structions ,given them by the Company's servants. Disregard of these instructions may bring ,such mem- bers into conflict with the Fishery Board, and also with the committee of the Association. Reports reach me of the use of trimmers in the old river, Lymm, an:l I would draw members' attention to Rule 3l,any infringement of which may result in expulsion.

Turning to angling matters of the .past week, capital reports • come in of good catches of fish from the Bridgewater Canal, principally from the neigh- bourhood of Grappenhall, fair specimens also being captured—one of our junior members securing one Of just under I.lb. —at London Bridge. Preston Brook ead has fished somewhat nraagrely but between that point and Moare, several fair catches are recorded, notably by Messrs. W. Bibby, J. Foster, Hobson, and Hackney.

No repprt is to hand from Newbridge, and only a moderate one from the old River, Lymm. The River Gowy fished fairly well last week end, W. Hamblett having about the best catch. Chester was practically a blank, which has been attributed to the very high tides prevailing at that time.. The North Staffordshire Canal at Acton Bridge has improved somewhat, H. Thomason jun., recording a good catch, said to be in the teens of pounds. From Rossett, only moderate catches are reported.

The Victoria Angling Society fished their first con- test in the Bridgewater Canal at Thelwall, and although the catches were not large, a very keen con- test ensued for the prizes offered, Messrs Hamblett, I. Briere, W. Bennett, J. Griffiths, W. 'Bate, F. Jolly, running out the principal winners in the order named.

The Travellers' Rest Angling Society fished their first match last week-6nd at Vale Royal, and very good catches are recorded. The winners ran out as follows, Messrs. Lomas, 21b. 7oz. ; W. Whit- field, lib. 1 1 oz. ; J. 'Wrench, 11b. Goz. 12drms. ; J.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
lib. 33z. 3drs. ; J. Hadlaud, 11b. 21oz. • J. (Gopyright). Crossley , 15oz. 3drs„ &c.. 'every competitor being well. pleased with the outing. AN IVORY PORTRAIT.

The Shakespeare Society fished their contest at the same time in the N.S. Canal at Ac ton Bridge. Messrs. J. Lawton,lsoz.2drins.; J. Buckley,l4oz. 101drms; E. Lawton, 10oz. 10Idrms; J. Ault, J.-Astill, W. Waring and W. Ellison being the principal winners. After the match an adjournment was made to the Horns Inn, where full justice was done to an excellent dinner provided by the hostess Mrs. Cowap. General satis- faction was expressed at the conclusion of their day's outing.

BY MAUI) BECKETT,

Author of "A Girton Girl," " Child• Eyes," "Eliza," "That Slip of a Girl, " "A Great Heiress,"

When my uncle Silas died he left me heir to his very considerable fortune. We had always been the best of friends. He was a merchant at Calcutta, and as soon as my school and college days were over I had come out to join him, and. I had been with him ever since.

The Latchford Excelsior Society fished their first annual match at Broken Cross. The party of 53 members and friends drove in conveyances, and 31 took part in the match, and after the usual lapse of time, the following were the principal winners. J. Atherton, 11b. 2oz. 91drs., T. Leigh, A. Mather, T. Bailey, W. Wood, J. H. Wood, J. Mortinier. The prizes, to the value of 16 10s. were 'distri- buted at the Roan Cow on the 27th, after which a convivial evening was spent. Messrs. S. Lee,J. Orford, W. Wood, J. Robinson, J. Fish, N. Edleston, W. Ditch- field and J. Wolfenden, contributed to tlie harmony. The latter also made an efficient Accompanist.

He was a jolly, sporting old man, fonder of, and pluckier at, big game shooting than anyone I've ever met, and he was always ready to enjoy a good joke. Indeed, I had grown to look upon him as being nearly as young as was myself—the idea that the yearn were treating him less kindly than they were treating me never for a moment entered my thoughtless head. Occasionally he would complain of a queer feeling in the region of his heart, and he was at times subject to fainting fits, but I shut my eyes to the fact that anything was 'idrong, and when at last he was taken seriously ill as a horrible shock to me.

The-General Wolfe Society were also in evidence competing for a good list of prizes, at Vale Royal, The catches were not large, and after the usual time allotted to these contests, the following were the principal winners in the order :named. Messrs. T. Makin, J. Preston, J. Derbyshire, S. R. Lodge, W. liDlden, J. Millett, W. Bancroft &c.. 18 members took part in the contest and a very enjoyable day was spent.

about my family I knew very little. My parents both died when I was a youngster, and I had only a dim recollection of them. Of other uncles, and cousins and aunts I had none. Indeed, we had no relations. I think we—my uncle and I—were the most destitute two in the world, as far as family connections went. It had never been my uncle's habit to talk very much about the old days before he left England, nor about the few relatives or friends he had ever possessed. There was only dim third cousin of whom he would sometimes speak, after dinner, when the lamps were lighted in our comfortable bachelor bungalow and we were quite alone, puffing at our cigars in the still air, after the intense heat of the day; but I always noticed a suspicious moisture in his eyes and a quiver round his lips when he mentioned Janet Fortescue's name. From the little he told me, I gathered that they had once been sweethearts, but they had had a tiff and parted. Well, to go back to the day when Uncle Silas was taken ill. It was horrible to see his dear old face ashy pale, the kind eyes drawn with pain, and his tall, soldierly-looking form laid low, grappling with death. It seemed impossible to realise the end was so near.

The Latchford Angling Society fished the second of

their week-night coniests—on Mon-day last in the Bridge- water Canal, near Grappenhall, amidst a downpour of rain. Twenty-five members were gallant enough to blio.ve the elements, and at the call of time the follow- ing scaled the heaviest weights in the order named : Messrs. T. Jolley, J. J. Barber, J. Owen, D. Starkey, A. Woodings, J. Alcock, W. Hamilton, and T. Board- man, and secured the 8 good prizes offered. ,

The movement to promote an 'angling contest for the benefit of the District Nursing Association proceeds apace,an efficient committee having been appointed,and under favourable conditions a good round sum should be realized for this deserving objects The ree usse of the Bridgewater Canal has been obtained, so that non-licence holders may assist to swell the number of entries. Every, effort will be made to secure a good list of prizes. Preliminary notices will be circulated in handbill form in the course of next week, details will be published later, and the sale of tickets announced in due course. It has been arranged that the committee shall meet on August 4th at the Shakespeare Inn, Pinner's Brow, and that the meet- ings shall be held weekly until the contest takes place. Anglers please note that entries will close on September 29th. The best thanks of the committee have been accorded the Worsley Canal Fishery Board, for the handsome concession of free use of the canal for this important event.

He lingered on for a few days, until one morn- ing, when the faint light of the summer dawn had just begun to steal through the blinds, as I sat by his bedside watching his laboured breathing, with a lonely feeling at my heart, he opened his eyes, and motioned to me.

"Well, uncle," I said, in the most cheery voice I could muster, "how do you feel? You have had a good long Sleep." He raised himself on his arm for a moment, and looked at me with a dull hopelessness in his eyes, then he fell back among the pillows again. "Dick," he gasped, "those rubies! I haven't told you—they are in the oak box in my bureau— and her photo—Janet's—find her, find her, Dick," and he grasped my arm as his breath failed him. "Give her the rubies—don't rest day or night until you find her—promise, swear it." With one last effort his lingers closed on ray arm.

An item of news was unavoidably omitted from last weeks notes, viz., the result of the Perseverance' Society's first contest on August 19th at Vale Royal, which resulted as follows. Messrs. W.Bate,J. Buckley, i F. Bonnell, J. Chadwick, J. Wakefield and C. Crozier. The party drove to and from the scene of operations, and a most enjoyable day concluded with the arrival home at 8.30 p.m.

"I swear it, uncle," I said; "I will not rtst until I find her." Then with a great sigh of relief, which shook his poor wasted frame, his bead fell back, and I knew that my dear old uncle, and dearer chum, had gone to his last rest. The lonely feeling grew bigger, and a choky sensation rose in my throat, as I realised that now I was alone, without kith or kin, and the cheery, bright presence had gone out of my life for ever. I kissed him more than I can . ever tell anyone _ _ _ _

Mi.. W. Brown of Warrington reports the capture of 31 brace of nice trout in the 14Thary, North Wales, on the 20th inst. and speaks highly of this river (which is now controlled by the Clwydd and Elwy Angling Association) as a trout stream. Mr. Brown is on an angling tour through North Wales.

For the next few days after his diath I had much to consider and think about, and no moment for my own thoughts; but when I had attended to all the last sad rites, and my uncle had been laid in his grave, I sat down to ponder over things a bit.

The Royal Oak Branch Society fish their first con- test this week end, and the Howley Hotel Society journey to Barrow Lock, on the Weaver, to fulfil the first of their season's engagements.

, His last words had puzzled me sorely. What did he mean about the rubies? I had not had the faintest idea that he had any jewels in his posses- sion. Had he been rambling? I hated the thought of searching among his private papers. It was an unpleasant duty, and I put it off as long as I could. However, it had to be done, and so one night I set myself to the task. I took his keys and opened the bureau. There, sure enough, was the oak box, just as he had said. At first I thought none of the keys would fit, as one after another I tried them, but at last one of them slipped in and turned in the lock easily. As I raised the lid it seemed to contain nothing but two packets of letters, carefully tied up and sealed. The papers looked old and yellow and worn, as if they had been carried about in somebody's pocket for a long time. I lifted them out carefully and lovingly—it seemed a desecration to disturb them—those treasures of my uncle's. Underneath them lay a small blue velvet case, and next to it a larger one of leather. .First I took up the velvet one, and with a press of my thumb the lid flew up. Inside lay an ivory miniature, exquisitely painted. The face was beautiful, more beautiful than any that I had ever seen; but it was none of. your Reynolds' or Gainsborough beauties, with eyes round with sentimentality and the sweet smile of a delicate imbecility on the stupid little mouths. No; this wOman's was an intellectual type; the forehead was low and broad, the skin delicately, exquisitely "air and shell-like, a.nd great dreamy, soft gray eyes, shadowed by their long black lashes, looked back at me. The mouth was not a rosebud one by any means; there were resolute and determined curves about it, although the whole expression of the face was sad, alniost mournful. Her hair, piled high on her shapely head in the fashion of the early thirties, was a most glorious chestnut, with strong red lights in it. The picture was set in a little filagree gold frame, and across one corner of it in tiny brilliants was the word "Janet." This, then, was the far-off cousin my uncle had talked to me about, always with a quiver in his voice. I gazed at the picture for some minutes—the face fascinated me; certainly it had never been my luck to meet with a woman half so beautiful. My mind began to conjure up many and varied tales, and then, with a start, I remembered the other case. It was fairly large and the spring was strong; but when the lid flew open it revealed a necklace of the most exquisite rubies I had ever seen. They were very large—about the size of the top of a big thimble—their colour was perfect, and their setting unique; but, strange to say, one of them, almost the biggest, was missing. Ten thousand pities, I thought, as I gazed at them with wonderment. The lights from the candle flickered round them, mak- ing them flash and glint; they were absolutely dazzling in their splendour. How on earth had my uncle got hold of them? Why had he kept them t secret from me? What had they to do with Janet vnrtescue ? Why was one of them missing, and who ...d it? All these questions I asked myself in a dazed kind of way. I went over his last words to me again and again: "Janet, the rubies; don't rest 'day or night till you give them to her." Well, I had sworn to keep my promise, and I had better set to work, without loss of time, to unravel the mystery and dispose of my charge ; it was dis- tinctly a responsibility to have jewels of that value suddenly thrust upon you belonging to someone else, especially in my bachelor, wandering life— and henceforward it probably would be a wandering one. Still, my uncle had managed to keep them safely hidden, even from me, for all these years, and so probably I could do the same. One by one I took out the old' letters and read them. Evidently they had been sent to him before he left England. They were all written in the same fine, delicate-pointed Italian hand, and sweet, womanly little letters, signed "Janet." The address on them .was Beech Manor, Woodfield. Not one of them contained any mention of the rubies, and after I had gone thiough them all I was no better off than before.

And, although my uncle had left his affairs in idle greatest order possible, there was no word about the jewels. Why, in a matter of such serious im- portance, had he left no word of instruction, no hint as to his wishes, to me, except those few last disjointel words with his dying breath ? .It was a mystery, and I felt sorely perplexed. As I remarked before, when all was settled up, , _ „mid myself in possesiion of a very considerable' fortune, quite independent, of everything and everybody„ without a tie in the world. At first after my uncle's death my life went on much as it had done before; I had made no plans as yet; but, instead of growing accustomed to his empty chair, I came to miss his cheery presence more and more, and then came an irresistible long- ing for the old homeland again. It was twelve years or more since I had left England, and, although India is a pleasant enough place to live in—many a good time have I had out there—still toy soul longed for my native shore once again. My mind was soon made up. I settled up my affairs, disposed of my comfortable bungalow. I

===== 0002601_19030801_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

Although the weather was rather gloomy last Saturday about 15 members •of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Cycling Club journeyed to Frodsham,arriving about 1 o'clock. Some limbed up the hill, others going for a short walk. Tea was provided by Mr. Webb. The return journey was made about 8 o'clock, Sankey being reached at about 9.30. To-clay the run is to Pickmere, on Monday, Bank Holiday, to Southport.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Foot Racing

C. J. Straw, the well-known—Warrington runner was a competitor at the Salford Harriers Sports on Saturday and finished second in the two miles invita- tion race (Parry Cup). Shrubb, of London was first, Rimmer of Liverpnol was third.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Rugby Ronal

Subject to the approval of the County Union, the "A " team matches will, next season be played by teams of 12 aside, so that the experiment will have adequate trial. In fact most of the junior Competi- tions under the Northern Union have decided to play 12 aside, and county matches will probably he on the same lines.

The Warrington Club has not yet made any impor- tations of note but, as usual, the emissaries of the club are said to be on the track of several "good men " In the meantime Arthur Burgess has been .transferred to Leigh, for a monetary consideration. He was cer- thinly a rank failure last season, but he has played some good games for - Warrington. M ay-be lie will do better at Leigh. He has youth and enthusiasm on his side anyhow, andif the Mather-Laners can find him a head for use on the field of play he may turu out a success.

On Thursday great regret was felt in 'Welsh foot- ball circles when it became known that Osborne the International forward, and T. Walton, a reserve inter- national full back, both of the Mountain Ash el nb,had left that morning for Huddersfield.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

ANOTHER FlRE:—Great excitement was caused on Saturday Morning last, by a fire which had broken out in a stabltland loft belonging to Mr. Millington, Heath- road. The fire was first perceived by Mr. Peter Board- man at 4 a.m., and he at once gave the alarm. A large number of the residents in the road, were quickly roused, and an amateur fire brigade quickly formed. The earliness of the hour prevented the Warrington Brigade being telephoned for, but by the aid of ladders and buckets the fire was eventually got under. It was fortunate the outbreak was discovered so soon,but as it was the roof was quite destroyed, and the contents of the loft ruined. The origin of the fire is unknown, and the damage is.said to be dovered by insurance. WESLEYAN CHAPEL.—Tn connection with the above ' a special feature on Sunday night last, was the repeti-' tion of the sacred Cantata," The New Jerusalem" which ' was rendered on the recent Anniversary Sunday. The performance, of this piece was by request, and it seems a pity that the labour of the practising ecc., should be given for one performance only. The excellence of the interpretation, wart•ants several repetitions, and it is' itioped that the piece may yet again be given at a later period. Mr. James Dodds made a brief but telling address. The collection was in aid of the Sunday School funds, and amounted .to

===== 0002601_19030801_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
TELL-TALE FINGER PR INTS.

Interesting evidence was given at Kingston-on- Thames on Wednesday in the case of an old offender named George Hall, charged with three burglaries at Surbiton. The marks of the first three figures of a right hand were left on the paint of a study window in one of the houses entered. The wood was cut out and the marks photographed and enlarged. The prints of Hall's correipooding fingers were then taken in Brixton Prison, and it was pointed out to the magistrates that there were no fewer than fpurteen distinct points of resemblance whereas the number usually relied on was three. Half was committed for trial at the Surrey 'Quarter. Sessions.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "FREE-TRADER."

The Free Trade Union has published a capital first number of a weekly journal through which it proposes to give accurate information on all points that arise in the course of the " big fight." It is full of relevant and well arranged facts, with a spirited " leader" by Sir William Harcourt. The " Free-trader" ought to serve as an excellent check on the loose statistics and rash generalisations with which the country is being littered. his to be circulated gratuitously through clubs and associations ; copies of it will be at the disposal of Free Trade candidates for distribution, and single copies are to be obtainable for the cost of postage from the offices of the Union at 8, Victoria-street, London, S.W.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
:aid good-bye to my kitmatgar, behrer, and all tha rest of them, and in a very short time I landed myself and my baggage on board the P. and 0. steamer Turin, bound for England. It was a corn. fortable boat; the passengers racist of them, wer:: alarming people, many of the girls were pretty, all of them were jolly, and varied were the enjoy- able half-hours • I passed. Altogether my voyage was a thoroughly pleasant one to look back upon. When I arrived in London I felt strange after ray lazy, calm existence in the East, where no one ever hurried; here everyone was in a bustle and a hurry, jostling you about as if they hadn't a moment to breathe. However, I did not waste much time in looking up some of my old college chums. Many of them were married to pretty wives, and we had a good time all round. But those rubies, they lay heavy on my conscience. I could not forget or neglect my charge, and before I could turn my thoughts pleasurewards, I must use every effort in my power to find out something about them.

I had no one tb question, no relations to ask, nothing to go upon but the name of Woodfield. The little knowledge I had was so slight that it was worth absolutely nothing. I travelled down to Berkshire to the little village of Woodfield. Once the family of Fortescue had lived at Beech Manor —so much I learnt—but they had, by some means that nobody seemed to know, lost ua heir -brtune in one crash, and the estate, not beilig entailed, they had had to leave it, and it had passed into other hands.

Soon after this, it was believed, brother and sister—all who were left of the Fortescue family— had died within a few months of each other. Meagre indeed was this information to go upon. I had all the parish registers of marriages and deaths searched, but they told me nothing. I caused advertisements to be inserted in every London and country paper for news of Janet Fortescue or her heirs. Arid now another trouble haunted me; were they—she and her family— living in comparative poverty, while I had posses- sion of these priceless jewels? My lawyers were ceaseless in their efforts; indeed, I think, we left no stone unturned; but all our search proved fruitless ; no answer came to any of our advertise- ments. Janet and her family seemed to have dis- appeared from the face of the earth. The months passed on and grew into years, and I made up my mind that my search was hopeless. The rubies, though, were rarely, if ever, out of my mind; they caused me sleepless nights, and bad dreams. Often I would wake up, a cold perspira- tion all over me, in the conviction that they had disappeared, until in my heart of hearts I had begun to think of them as "those blesasa rubies." I had been in England now for three years, and I had settled down peaceably to an English country life. After my visit to the little Berkshire village a fancy had possessed me that, if by any chance Beech Manor were in the market, I would buy it. I had some trouble at first about it, but before long I was able to come to a satisfactory agreement with the owner, and it passed into my hands. It was a snug house, and a nice little estate, the shooting was fairly good, and the hunting excellent. I had spent the winter here, but it was past now —the April days were lengthening into May, and I felt it was about time to take up my abode in town. One sunny afternoon I wended my way to the club. I had an appointment with Charlie le Mesuriex ; we were to talk over some horses I wanted to buy. He hadn't turned up when I arrived, so I sat down, wrote off a few letters, and then, picking up the first book my hand came to, I flung myself into an armchair to wait for him. I looked at the book I had taken up—it was the "Academy Notes" —idly turning the pages. They didn't look a par- ticularly interesting collection, but, stay I—the leaf turned over quickly. Surely there was something familiar in the pose of that graceful head. I scanned the print eagerly. Yes lit must be—it was more than a passing likeness—the face was exactly like my miniature. Forgetting all about my appointment with Charlie le Mesurier, I dashed down the club-steps, jumped into a hansom, and was at Burlington House in much less time than it takes to tell. Room VIII. —there it was, and all doubt ceased, it was the portrait of Janet Fortescue or her double. Th, curly chestnut hair was piled up 'high on the beautiful head, in almost exactly the same way as in the little miniature, the eyes deep, dark, and softly gray, and the same, sad, thoughtful expression in them, and the mouth, with its determined lines, had still the same pathetic droop. But, then, Janet Fortescue must be a very old woman by this time, 1 reflected, and this undoubtedly was quite a recent painting. My fingers trembled with excitement as I found the number in the catalogue: "Portrait of a Lady," by John Jones. Wise information—l could see that for myself. "Idiot I" I muttered. Had I got a clue, and were all my fruitless efforts to meet with success at last?

The first thing to do was to find out where the artist lived, aid get what information I could out of him. I turned to the back of the book—Mr. John Jones, 9, St. John's-road, Putney. I told my cabby to drive there like lightning, At No. 9 I went up the steps and rang the hell. A stolid- looking maid-servant came to the door. In answer to my hurried question if her master was at home: "No, he was away in the country, and would not be back for feveral weeks." "Would she give me his address "it' She left me waiting for a moment, then emerged from one of the rooms with it written down on a slip of paper. I turned my steps back to the hotel, where I sat down and wrote to Mr.. Jones. I told him some of the story, and begged him by return of post to send me the name and address of the lady. Then all I could do was to wait for the answer with what patience I could. The picture occupied my thoughts; by night I dreamt of it, and through the day the face haunted me, and to be haunted is by no means a comfortable experience for any man. The next day came, and the next, but no answer to my letter, until a week had passed, and then I wrote again. For the fifth time I wended my way to Burling- ton House, and to Room VIII., straight up to the picture—my picture, as I had begun to think of it. I went and gazed at it as I had done many times before. Any passer-by, who took the trouble to notice, might have formed the opinion that I moon-struck or or daft. Certainly I resented every look and exclamation of admiration,--and they were many—which the lovely portrait called forth. One thing about the picture which had excited me more than all was that her fingers were innocent of rings, except that on the third finger of her left hand she wore what looked like an immense ruby. I stood looking at it—as usual, indulging in the wildest day-dreams, but as day-dreams are quite the most unsatisfactory things in this prosaic world, I knew I was a fool, and, giving myself a shake, I stepped back. As I did so I came in contact with a lady.

I was just turning away, after begging her pardon, when she raised her eyes to mine! Great Heavens It was the very same face as that in the picture, and she was a young woman of about five or six and twenty. A little smile crept round the corners of her pretty mouth as she stood looking at her own portrait. I. felt myself almost shaking with suppressed excitement. What was I to do? Dare I go up and speak to her, and ask her to listen to me? No! Probably she would walk away, and take no notice of me. I sat down on one of the lounges in the middle of the room, and tried to think. My brain felt in a muddled condition. Those rubies, I began to imagine, had affected it sadly. I was simply at my wits' end. - I watched my lady's graceful figure as she went from picture to picture. She was exquisitely dressed, and I noticed that everyone turned to look at her; then she went on to the next room, I following her at a respectful distance, and so we went on, she carefully examining almost every picture. Then she turned her attention to the sculpture. Would she ever finish ? However, my patience gained its reward when I saw her go through the turnstiles, down the stairs, and out into the courtyard, I quickly following her. Wonld she, call a hansom? No! With her stately grace—better than any queen—she walked out into Piccadilly and hailed—a Hammersmith omnibus. She got in, aid I jumped ih after her. Opposite her I had a good opportunity of studying her face. Beautiful! The artist had not done be, justice by any means. When we came to a certain long vied, with tall, gloomy-looking houses on either side, she stopped the omnibus and got out. I went on for a few yards and then jumped off, and hurried to the corner of the road, just in time to see her disap- pearing into a door some way down—it was No. 13. Then I wondered what I should do. There were a few shops at the top of the road; one of these entered.

"Can you tell me who lives at No. 13 ? " "Thirteen's a boarding-house," was the laconic answer from the greengrocer woman. "Is it a large boarding establishment, and who keeps_ it ? " "Mrs. Raymond is the lady as keeps it,and there aren't many people staying there, only two lady

===== 0002601_19030801_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
actresses, arm men tnere-s Mist§ iiampden--sbell a palmistry person." Was mr beautiful lady an actress ? Thanking the woman for her trouble, I Went home and composed myself to think. An ides occurred to me. Why not go and consult the palmistry woman I should at least get inside the house, and I miglit get some information from her. In the evening, with many doubts and nil°. givings, I started for Kensington. I knocked at the door of No. .13, and they kept me waiting for 11: long time before they opened it-a frequenv habit with the dwellers of Kensington. "Could I see Miss Hampden ? " Miss Hampden was engaged just then, but vro'll---cl I step in? I sent in my 'name, asking if she would see roe professionally, and the maid returned with the answer: "Miss Hampden will see you in twenty minutes.d Those twenty minutes were the slowest I -101

ever lived, or -ever wish to live again. Twenty, thirty, forty passed—the door opened, and the maid-servant appeared. I followed her across• tile hall, into a 'Osman room, cosily and charming /a furnished, and daintily lighted by softly7shBdeit lamps. A tall figure rose from an armchair. was my lady. That was the most uncomfortable minute I hal ever spent, or ever wish to spend again. Wasu, dense above the average mortal? Somehow idea that "the palmistry woman" could be my ivy had never for a moment entered my stupid ben I suddenly woke up to the fact, though, that/ must look like an ass standing there, hat in ban in the middle of the room. With an effort pulled myself together. "I have come to ask you, if, in your goodness' you will unfold to me some of your mystic povit I have heard wonders about you from some of 1131 friends."

She smiled bewitchingly. "Well, yes," she answered. "I am Teri, successful generally in what I am able .to tell friends who consult me." We . sat down, and she was soon examining DI palm, with a very learned frown on her pretty fore: head—so earnest was she, that it might have bee" matter of life and death to both of us. I eagerly looked for the ring. Yes there the rtill was on her finger, flashing in the lamp-lightse exact colour, shape, and size of those in necklace. I am not quite clear as to what happened till but somehow in a few minutes I found in3se telling her all about Uncle Silas and the rubies,. 0,10 the whole story, and then I drew out the lit' velvet case which held her mother's miniature. a Her eyes filled with tears as she looked at it, ono she bit her pretty lips to keep back a sob. not a long story she had to tell me. Some t' ''"„t before the Fortescues had left Beech Manor J 8,13,7, had been secretly married to a Major HainPal-ig who died not many years after, leaving his Nviu° and his little daughter very badly off. "My mother, just before she died, when °be to gave me this ring, and made me promise never it part with it, told me about a ruby necklace. had been in our family for two or three generatioo; she said and had disappeared in some strange 0/ bee° —nobody ever knew how—and it had never heard of since." About Uncle Silas her mother had told to nothing. How had the rubies come to be in possession? Well, perhaps, for the peace or -tp dear old uncle's spirit, it was better n°t inquire too closely into the matter. ttle We never solved the problem, but we did se fq another question, in a satisfactory manner, ye"' soon after my visit to my lady. In the autumn Janet and I were married, 5 our most treasured possessions are "those bles6- rubies."

rThE END. 1

===== 0002601_19030801_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL POLICY. C3l. P:lkington, M.P., and the

Colonies.

Fiscal Inquiry Advocated. The quarterlymeeting of the Council of the NeWt.ol Division Conservative Association was held on Sattirt7, at the Central-office, Newton-le the -Willows- same of Lord Newton the chair was occupied by..nr, soit. C. B. F. Borron, amongst those present being Col , Pilkington, M.P.for the Newton Division ; Dr. S,tr_sll Dr. Patterson, Messrs. T. J. Gillespie, W. Fulton 'P. Crompton, e‘c. sol° The Chairman remarked that the countr,:rd ° indebted to Mr. Chamberlain for • bringing forw-igliii questions he had done, so that they might thot-mn-0 at discuss what was the best policy for the Etil,"se large. He considered Mr. 13alfour had beenjoir instituting an inquiry as to the advantages or rilb‘;',,ole• tages during the last fifty years of so-called Free 400 Colonel Pilkington, M.P., after regretting the s" rest of Lord Newton, said that Mr. Chamberlain's goes speech at Birmingham in May had opened up clues lied whibh had been pending for years. Many of 01 her not been satisfied with the position Eaghind tbe Colonies had occupied in the face 01 oat ever-rising ,tariffs of foreign countries. t the great statesman, Mr. Chamberlain, had declared _ time had come when a very serious inquiry shouathis made into the financial arrangements between .ola country and other countries, and between Great 0,1%4 and her colonies. Having referred to the thicat,"ha attitude of Germany with regard to Canadian traue'ade said they must he aware of the enormous strides r° of - by both America and Germany in the last thirl forty years, almost entirely owing to their syste°l,,io tariffs. In view of the growing increase in Ger;ce l exports it was cool impudence and impertirwrot on the part of Germany suggesting to g,,eot Britain that if her colonies gave preferential treatl'ot to Great Britain, Germany would withdraW the °loe favoured nation clause from the United Kingdoro; 00. would say let them withdraw their most favoured clone (Hear, hear.) Were they to leave their colonies %tot or to meet them? Canada and South Africa lio", us splendidly. We were a family of nations, and "hot we to let foreign countries come and dictate to us we should do? (" No.") Was it a legitimate positto, for the Liberal leaders to take up . doe there was to he no inquiry and nothing of because it • was against the principles our free trade? Was that to prevent us meeting with ids own relations and friends round the table to declo what was the best arrangement we coukl make for uted mutual benefit ? (Hear, hear.) What was sugg°,sthe was that we should enter into negotiations Nrituhtor Governments of the colonies to see exiictly what ''„oe, ness arrangements they suggested and what arra.;fty ments we should make whereby the trade and prosPre of the 'Empire might be increased; We Might inJade • foreign nations and take some of their tr,erf away, but that was done in busineps day. His point was that if a mutually au," ir tageous arrangement to the colonies and selves could be made, by all means .let us mese .01 (Applause). The difficulty was that some leaders it thought, economists, and so on, went into their lauiPticl, and .said "You must not wave at all." They also "What have the colonies done for us?" His answer to t'''66 was that they had done a great deal. They tool' le millions of our goods, or £6 per head of their P°r or tion, whine America only took 20 millions, 575. per head of their population. The colon * too, were self-supporting ; they were Ottbei tax on the United Kingdom. Moreover, conld tiler forget what the colonies did for the ril° era country in the South African war. Canada could /.41 easily make all sorts of arrangements with the ti,il„„Die; States and unless we did all we could for the Ccw,Rlio they would make arrangements with other States 4'oo would be only too ready to tempt them awl*" to allegiance to our flag. (Hear, hear.) With regs; the general question,he thought Mr. Balfour and ther Chamberlain were right in trying to ascertain w°iblo such financial business arrangements were P01;010 as would strengthen and cement the WrerS, Empire. In the interests of workingmen.inanufactil be and all connected with labour, this inquiry ought t° its made. (Applause.) With every foreign ruttionebie - possession of-protective tariffs on goods entering 'llOl country,it was a reasonable step for Mr. Balfour the Mr. Chamberlain to advocate that we should tak„edid Colonies into our confidence and have a full inivota' into anything that might be done to improve our cod mercial svtem. For fifty years no such inquirY.,,ed, been made and the two great statesmen he had mil:00 in his opinion, deserved every credit for their courog' and spirited acticn. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. Fulton Smith, seconded bj, It• T. Crompton, a resolution was passed thanking 14`'s W. E. Middleton for his services to the partY principal agent, and expressing the hope that he I° enjoy his well-earned rest. tbe Mr. Gillespie, in proposing a vote of thanks t°, freo, chairman for presiding, said he quite agreed Nvit'ola trade, but it must be free trade with nations that W have free trade with us. (Hear, hear). h r The compliment was heartily accorded, and the c man's acknowledgments concluded the proceed/ogs'

GARSTON MAN KILLED NEAR Wirrso. About eleven o'clock on Wednesday morning a,Y;tl9 man named John Frankham, residing Wednesday his wile„,,,hieb Derby-street, Garston, met with severe injurl_e6, proved fatal upon his admission to the Widnes littdiptl, He was engaged, with about 20 others, uve" t sleepers just outside Hale Bank, and was in the a•chifir pushing one off the waggon when he over-balance.d self and fell to the ground with a sleeper upon 1011110 received a severe skull fracture, and was taken The ballast trmin to Widnes, where he died as stated. deceased leaves a widow and one child.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
MYSTi

THE ii

a Plain -Ptt to °a.:erconii Pig°ool ti p:111'. Tor inst. ; tioh.'e, 131 to Rag eon's 1)%.: Pa 4 iltk,;l)rer Nat

The wiE ,4tee fron nabers ;5164; Ca " -,Orr b• Able ,411 i 1 SY 1 1446 • W itit'442 D leY 1,331 • a i t, ovtigh, 111216 (2) '0; a

At thE therri tw, til'act of b %Att. an D Latin whe ftter • x'at er In *ltte in h_r A th the'rerni 44 failur a a, ekh urc ttia",;Pse i(ind.

vA stud( ,tilleetitta ix iiki„ la]

===== 0002601_19030801_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Newtoof aturt the 0" by gr. 61. If' Stria;

tbe to :re° cith t

cb3ir- !lgo*

41, •vife a.cb )8, 'chi 1. foseg i(3 act - ced big; hirn.,n ken file Id.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MYsTEatous BURNING FATALITY AT

WARRINGTON.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. Cause of a Child's Death a Mystery. The meeting of this society was presided over by Mr. A. Dowries, who briefly addressed the meeting. Mr. An was held on Tuesday. morning at the James Thompson, of Liverpool was the speaker and u, baarricgton Coroner's Court by Mr. S. Brighcese on the delivered an interesting address on "Man's capacity for o, ,s. Yof May Warburton, aged two years, -, . 19 Goulden- knowing and enjoying God." Miss Alice Griffiths gave eteet Saturday morning at the an effective interpretation of the solo "The Children's Tee , who died on y . Warrington eearmary from the effects or burns sustained the Home." The service was also taken part in by Mr. Pre • • Joseph Owen and Air. William Beswick. vious night. J berthaWarburton stated that she was the wife of . I,l3{sePle Warburton, an engine driver employed at Messrs Brick-street Mission. onks Hall and Company's works. On Friday after- Brick-street Mission was re-opened after renovation 1 at 3.25, she was playing with the deceased just last Sunday. For three weeks during which time the i lel,Bide the back yard. -Witness went into the kitchen building has been painted and 'beautified, the services 1 t lying the deceased playing with a boy named Harry have been held in the schoolroom opposite, kindly lent fdon. In a few minutes she heard screams. She by the Friars'-green friends. The preacher at both ser- peaed outside, and found that her child's clothes were vices was Mr. Robert Henshall while in the afternoon ." tames. Mrs. Bloomfield, a neighbour, was endeavour- the scholars *and friends were 'addreSsed by Mr. Cann, la seg to extinguish them with a rug, but she did not of Manchester. The choir, under the conductorship of bL until nearly the whole of the clothing had been Mr. William Barton, rendered special music and Mr. cceed 'trot away. Other assistancearrived, and the deceased Tomkinson presided at the organ. The collections le peas conveyed to the Infirmary. In answer to the realized about £l6. d -`4oner,witness stated that it was not known how the e , 'eeased clothes had caught fire. She had not seen strike a match. , - ; sank Bridges Brid es 'Wesleyan Chapel. allone i 'ha Coroner • Is there no theory? The choir sermons in connection with this place o Was InsPector Tailor replied that there was not. No one' worship were ' preached on Sunda The Rev. John p pr y. iitn seen near the back yard, except the deceased and a catch fire. Council conducted the morning service and the Rev. G. ewie boy. No one saw deceased's clothes cat re. H C irnson reached at the evening service Two anthem entitled "Wellspring" and "The eyes of all wait upon I Cosan Bloomfield, wife of William Bloomfield, 20, H. P . g . s i e oulden-street, said she heard the deceased's screams Thee 0 Lord,' were sung at the latter service by the I 41'21..vve_ choir and children. A service of song entitlednt to her aid. Witness had previously brought te we, from one of the upstairs rooms and placed it on e wall outside the house and she used the rug for the "Hawthorn Meadow" was sung in the afternoon, 13 .ose of extinguishing the flames,but even with that the proceedings being presided over by Mr. J. E. Richardson, who delivered a brief address. tra,tance her hands were burnt. She saw no one with Mr. D. B. Dunn efficiently discharged the duties of con- deceased child. dFtor,and Mr. E. hG. Rickers presided at the organ o'he Coroner: Was there nothing to guide you as to with his usual ability. The collections for the day „.%.„: the child's clothes caught fire? amounted to £3 10s. A successfnl concert was held on ° nitness • No sir. I looked round, but could see no , Monday night in the schoolroom. Councillor A. latches. ' ' Horrocke presided,and briefly referred to the added res- eiss Griffiths' one of the infirmary nurses, gave evi- ponsibility which he felt at being a repre- ,Wa,,nee as to the death of the child at the Infirmary. It sentative of the ratepayers on the Town Council. .-e• very badly burnt about the body. Solos were rung by Miss Bessie Eckersley, Mr. S. t„ehe Coroner said that, as a rule, cases of this kind Hassalland Mr. G. Gough. The Warrington Borough e,"ve the jury very little trouble. A burning accident Band Prize Quartette Party coutributed selections, and as generally duti, to playing either with matches or Master Tom Barton played very prominently on the 111th fire, but the cause of death here was quite a violin. The selections on the gramophone by Mr. A. Nystery. He did not see that he could advice the lery to return a verdict of "Accidental death," when Pemberton were greatly appreciated. The duties of th was no evidence to show that the death was acci- accompanist were discharged by Mr. E. G. Rickers. e ere ,mental. It was admitted that' the child had come to hLer death from burns, but how they had been received Ellesmere Street Wesleyan Methodist '23 did not know. lie did not think the jury should :?nromit themselves; h? they should, he suggested, return 1 Sunday School. .91?enyerdict. There might be any number of possi- I 1 Successful annivetsary services were held in connec- nitres in the case. tion with the Ellesmere-street Wesleyan Methodist the jury returned an open verdict in accordance with.. Sunday School on Sunday and Monday. The preacher Coroner's suggestion. i was Mr. W. Robins, of Southport (formerly of the ' Gospel Mission car "Charity '). In the afternoon a musical service was held, when the building was well filled. Mr. Robins gave an address and Mr, Levi Richardson sang in a tasteful manner " Suffer little children "; Miss Eva Grounds and Mr. F. Grounds . rendered a duet "0 what if ye are Christ's." Miss How to Vary it. i Bessie Eckersley, of Latchford, sang will telling effect e 1"laln vegetables have a sameness about them that is "Sun of my soul," Mr. Alfred Grounds, of Latchford, to become very monotonous. The only way of very kindly acting as accompanist. At the evlming 14' $ erconeing this,is to serve them with sauces,W made with service the hall was filled, and a discourse Peed thickening of Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn was given by the preacher from the text P "Now uhen the sun was setting all that had , G'4l:. In this way a wonderful variety can be obtained, any sick from divers diseases brought them unto 13--:', Instance, you can have Cauliflower an Gratin '-rhato sauce, Gratin Sauce, Dutch Sauce, Mushroom Him, and He laid His hands an them all and blessed ti-e4te, Butter Sauce, Brown Sauce, and many otheraddi- them." During the serviCe Mr. Levi Richardson sang to vegetables each of which will be found to be A Dream of Paradise," and was again accompanied by , 10°„%t. improvement. Plain and practical instructions Mr. Grounds. The chair was occupied by Mr. John DeYaokine-, these various sauces are given in Brown & Taylor. On Monday evening the services were con- se'll's new booklet, "Simple Fish and Vegetable them& when a lecture was given by Mr. Robins on" My k; to Brovvn and Poison, Dept. Rai Send id. stamp five years' experience with the gospel car," and it was n taewe raisley, and the booklet will be forwarded. It has listened to by a large audience. The chair was taken llerepared by Mr. Charles Herman Senn, the well- by Mr. J. B. Isaac, of Frodsham. The singing of the latauthority on cookery, and contains much useful )egep children at all the services was all that could be desired, tion. , and certainly did credit not only to themselves, but to ' 1 their leader (Mr. Edward Ellison), under whose direc- tion the choir also sang with marked efficiency the anthems "Praise the Lord," "Jerusalem, my glorious home," and" Daughter of Zion." Mr. Alfred Anderson presided at the organ, which had been] lent by Mr. J. , RUNCORN SOCIETY. Hulse The collections and donations up to andlincluding , . Mon.ay night, amounted to ,The members of this society had the first young bird £l2, which is an increase on 'gee from Wellington (45 miles) on Saturday. Thirty last year. I.(.inebers sent 413 birds. Wind S.S.E. Result .-Dean, Carman Bros., 1,690; Hopley Bros., 1,634; Lee, + 1 ,O.P 7 ; Lee 1794 ;Dyer,1,585 ; Hopley Bros., 1,570 ;Dean, trs2 ;Orme, 1,509 ;Lee (2),1,507; Johnson and 50n,1,506 ; THE COMPENSATION QUESTION. *Able, 1,480; Hopley Bros. (3), 1,455; Fisher and 1.21, 1,453 ; One, 1,453; Hargreaves, 1,446; A. Able, - 1:;1; Whitby, 1,443; Shaw and Son, 1,443; Marshall, 1 Speech by Mr. T J. Down. k7,iz; Dyer, 1,442 • W. Shaw, 1,438 ; F. Able, 1,427; i ;ley Bros., 1,424'; Edwards, '1,374; J. Sutton, 1,367; 1 and Sons, 1,345; W. Shaw (3), 1.341 ; Hughes, 1 co 1; Howard, 1,331; Orme, 1,329; Earrell, 1,325; 1 At a special meeting of the National Trade Defence (Ogle 1,284 , J. Sutton, 1,284; Simpson Bros., 1,282; Association (Cheshire' Shropshire Hotel, hester, on Monday Shropshire, and North Wales C 1,1.. a (2), 1,225; Jones, 1,205; Hankey and Butterworth, . District), held at the Q 40; Hough, 1,164; Killcross, 1,051 ; Clucas ,887. afternoon for the purpose; of discussing the comnensa - I tion question, Mr. T. J. Down, of Warrington, who presided, said that, as they were aware, magistrates in various parts of the country had for some time past, and especially at the last licensing Sessions, been refusing the renewals of licences in a wholesale and most arbitrary manner, and many benches had stated plainly and openly that it was their intention to deal still more drastically with the matter next year. That placed them in a vereaserious position as a trade. Many of them had already suffered most severely from the action 'of the licensing magistrates, and he was afraid they had no remedy for what had been done up to the present time. What they now wanted was protection for the future. Members of the Government, the House of Commons,and others had affirmed that whatever the strict letter of the law might be, they were morally entitled to the renewal of , their licences except iu cases where-they had been for- feited owing to misconduct, and that when refused for any other reason those interested should be duly com- pensated. The Government were practically pledged to bring in a Bill on the subject next session, and he noticed it was stated last Saturday apparently with authority, that Mr. Balfour would, before Parliament rose, announce that the Government intended early next session to bring in and pass a Bill providing for compensation to licence-holders whose licences had been withdrawn for no fault of their own. They would observe the words "compensation to licence-holders," but they must see that it went further than that. It was only right that the licence-holder , should have every consideration, but the vast majority 1 of licensees were tenants only of the houses they occu- pied, and there were t he interests of the owners to be taken into account and provided for. The loss of a lieence way a serious matter for a tenant, but it was still more serious for the owner of the property, as it often meant to him the loss of a large sum of money, in some cases amounting to thousands of pounds. Then again the Bill should be made retros- pective, so far as the ensuing licensing sessions were concerned at any rate. (Hear, hear.) This last con- dition was absolutely nOcessary, and they would have to do everything in their power to obtain an assurance from the Government that such a clause shourn be inserted in the bill. Unless that could be accomplished he greatly feared that next February would bring them fresh trouble and loss. The confiscation craze was in the air. It had spread like an epidemic ever the country, and although it might to some extent have exhausted itself, it was by no means dead, and it behoved them to be on the alert and to do all that they honourably could to protect and safeguard their interests. (Applause). He proposed the following resolution :- "That this Meeting representing all the interests of the Licensed Trade in North \Vales, Cheshire and Shrop- shire, expresses its deep regret that the speech of the Prime Minister to the Trade Deputation on March 18th has, so far, led to no practical result in theslirection of the passing of a Bill in favour .of equitable compensa- tion, and urges upon the Government, that the measure promised by the Lord Chancellor, and other members of the Government should be introduced at the earliest 'opportunity next session and passed into law, so as to secure the licences of well conducted houses from con - fiscation ; and, further, that such a measure shall be, in its operation, retrospective, se far as the Licensing Sessions of February, 1004, are concerned." The resolution was carried unanimously.]

FAILURE PREDICTED FOR TIDAL-POWER PLANT.

-- At 41, the tidal power station of Ploumanach, on the ItLthern coast of France, the difference of tide level is lit twenty feet. The storage reservoir is a natural Of four acres, having the form of a triangle with ; %eh base towards the shore, and in the embankment ' rat • floe ating this from the sea are automatic gates which 11 when tho level of the sea rises higher than the *lttir in the pond, and are closed by the weight of the INter in the pond when the tide recedes. The two sej Wheels of the station drive dynamos, which aided 'le storage batteries, are used for electric lighting. thol),tominent engineer, Mr. James Swinburne, foresees ilure of this and all other plans for using the tides source of electric power, on account of the great Atrilse of working turbines on variable pressures or 3' kind of storage.

It student and a lawyer's Clerk have been arrested in Vestla in connection with a recent dynamite outrage. authorities, it is reported, have discovered the 's•uce of a regular dynamite club.

airways

the scam 9

always just- right. No matter when or. where you get it, if it's colman's, it's just as good as the last you had. Ironing day no longer becomes,a day of trials. You know when you begin exactly how your ironing will turn out. You can with safety invite your neighbour to drop in and see how well the linen looks.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
1j * 1 el hi it `,4c .s. 1 i I ,

Sold in C.

Bee that Colman' name a

board Boxes.

the ull's Head are on box.

'ard I ) .nd th

===== 0002601_19030801_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY DISASTER AT GLASGOW.

At St. Erioch's Stltion, Glasgow, the terminus of the Glasgow and South-Western Railway, on Monday morning a long and heavily-laden train conveying excursionists returning from the Isle of Man, via Ard- rossan, dashed into the terminal blocks of the platfcrm and was wrecked. Fifteen persons were killed and many others were seriously injured. The platforms of the station vary in length, and the driver of the train appears to have been looped on to a short platform and miscalculated his speed, which had apparently been arranged for a long platform, having no space in which to pull up. The train dashed into the stationary buffers, and the twoloremost carriages were telescoped with awful suddenness. The victims include a family of four. The engine driver and fireman bravely remained at their posts, and escaped injury. The former, who is in custody, frequently mutters: "Would to God I had also died."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ME MONOTONY OF PLAIN VEGETABLES.

Judgment than

M. 0

Luck.

A. lady writes: I haVe brought up fiVe children, your:Lest note) nine, and have never had one case of Measles amongst them. I have neVer used any soap IN THE NURSERY except

Wright's Coal Tar Soap.

It must be the Soap, and not pure lucli." FOUIi.PENCE per Tablet.

OE LOCAL CHURCHES%

===== 0002601_19030801_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
HONIING.

The Examiner, Saturday August 1, 1903.

kJounci 1), Rev. 3. meot,u iug, Jur. Whyte, and myself—meets every week, and difficult cases froni all over the country are referred to it. Then, too, we are issuing a pamphlet of instructions to Nonconforn;ists who have been appointed school manager.; under the new Act. It will deal with the various situations likely to arise, and, as can be seen, will be of great importance to those who have been appointed as managers. I may perhaps mention that I shall be pleased if any of your readers, who have knowledge of how the Act is being administered in particu- lar districts, will kindly communicate their facts to me at the Memorial Hall, London."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL TRIBUTES TO THE LATE

POPE.

Reqiiiem Mass at St. Mary's,

Buttermarket-street

A large congregation assembled in St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, 13uttermarket-street, on Tuesday morn- ing, when a solemn requiem mass was sung for the repose of the soul of the late Pope. Many townspeople assembled as a mark of respect. Dr. Mercgr was the celebrant, and the other priests in attendance were Father Hind (deacon) and Father Primavesi (sub- deacon.) The church pillars and parts of the altar had .been draped in black. The music was the plain chant requiem mass, and was very impressively rendered. Mr. T. Mather presided at the organ. The Rev. Father Wilson paid a fitting tribute to the worth of the deceased Pontiff. This is a solemn and 1 sorrowful occasion, he said, but it is not one for many words. Indeed not many are needed; your own beasts speak to you better than I can, and respond more eloquently to the emotions of the hour. Yet though it is difficult to speak befittingly of one who to us is above critic'stu and bey al adequate appreciation, it is hard to be entirely Tdent of one whom we revere so deeply and love so much. Nine days ago you received news that the Sovereign Pontiff or, as we love rather to style him, the Holy Father, had passed away, and that the long struggle that the world had watched with deep and sympathetic interest, was over. Catholics felt that they were sadly bereaved and orphaned, that they had lost their spiritual ruler and teacher, their most wise guide, their devoted father. Those who owned not his sway still owned that the world was poorer for his loss, and that a man of unique character and achievements had been withdrawn from the arena of the world. They mourned a man of extra- ordinary vitality, of untirin,, energy, of the rarest combination of endowments, of incomparable simplicity and purity, as well as persistency of purpose. We regard the Pope as the vicar of Christ—by Divine institution bishop of bishops—and every faithful Catholic owns him as his immediate superior to love and to obey. In him exists that bond of unity which holds and has held the Church of Christ together, though spread throughout the world and exposed through the centuries to the attack of every hostile force. There are those, of course. who cannot bring themselves to admit and acknowledge these proud claims, and we do not expect it, but they have not been slow to acknowledge Leo XIII.'s iclaim of worth upon their esteem and of goodness upon their affection. Many times I have been deeply gratified by the kind and respectful inquiries and expressions of sympathy received from many of our fellow townspeople during his illness, and upon his death, I am even more gratified to see here many to join us in honouring the dead. These are the kindly incidents which tend to lessen that friction and soften that antagonism which we all desire to see utterly extinguished, but which, perhaps, is at times inevitable where interests are supreme and diverse convictions deep and firm. It is difficult for me to speak of the deceased Pontiff. It is impossible to have taken even a superficial interest in the events of the last 25 years without having some image of Leo XIII. impressed upon one's mind and imagination. He is im- pressed upon my mind as a man who, having drunk deeply of all the fountains of knowledge—having mixed in the world and assimilated its most varied experi- ences—having learned what is in man from the search- ings of his own inmost heart—and received i n prayer and contemplation a light and wisdom more unerring than any of this world, having drawn from the sources of grace more than natural strength of character, was by Divine Providence taken and exalted above his fellows and put over the world, placed in its highest watch tower, to be its watchman and keeper. He was there, not for his own aggrandisement but for the world's good. Not a trace of self or selfishness is to be discovered in any word or act of his. To convince men that the world could not do without religion, that its heart-rending miseries were for lack of it, and that the Church, of which he was the head, was the only unerr- ing and authorized exponent of religion, and so to lead her members to be zealous and loyal, and to load those without into the fold, was his meat and drink, his very life. To this end from his high watch tower he warned, rebuked, encouraged. In this task there was not a subject of human interest, natural or supernatural, that he did not touch, and, touching, enlighten and adorn. Two features of this wonderful life- work strike us with great emphasis—the con- siderate tact and inexhaustible patience with which he dealt with difficulties and oppositions. To- wards our own country he has shown a gracious solici- tude and unfailing affection. An inexhaustible patience and strong persistency of purpose was surely a marked characteristic of the late Pontiff. Anot'ier, was his tenderness for the less fortunate in this world—the oppressed, the poor, the toiler. The greatest questions of the day—the social questions—received his closest attention, and were illuminated by his highest wisdom, directed by his wonderful prudence, softened by his great considerateness. Boldly he defined the ' rights of property, boldly also he preached its duties and responsibilities;iboldly he rebuked covetousness and oppression; but while he showed a tenderness for the hard-set toiler that the more powerful and wealthy needed not, he did not fail to impress upon him the peremptory obligations of honesty and industry. Ho has well earned the title of the Workman's Pope. To all " this breadth of mind and strength of character he added a singular personal charm and a rare refinement and culture. But we are here not simply to honour Pope Leo's memory, and to give outward expression of our reference and love. This we do in common with all the world: But we do more.—We remember—he above all would wish us to remember, that he was but a man, a frail man, subject to like passions as ourselves, liable to sin. Therefore we are here to offer up the awful sacrifice of atonement and with it our heart's prayer that the last remnants of imperfection may be purged away,and that he may be admitted to the rest he yearned for—the reward of his labours, and the blissful company of the Divine Master he served so long and faithfully. May he rest in peace and may perpetual light shine upon him.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Reference at St. Alban's Church.

At St. Alban's Church, 13ewsey-street, on Sunday evening, reference was made to the late Pope. The Church and altar were draped in black, and the choir sang the following pieces :—lntroit, "Requiem reteryam" from the Gregorian Mass for the Dead; "0 rheritum passionis" (solo by Mr. J. Bate) ; " Jesu, Salrator mundi," after each mystery of the Rosary; the psalm. "De profundis clamavi" (during Benediction of the Sacrament), while at the end of the service the'orf_ranist, Mr. 3. Caldwell, played the blessed" Dead March in "Saul." •

41:J1E:3-Rev. Father Bernard Gibbons, in the course of an address, saia they were met to join in the universal prayer that was going up to the Throne of God for their late Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII. They must/ lift up their dyes from the little circle in which their lives were cast, and look to the great Catholic world Leyond --to those 250 million Catholic hearts—who mourned his death, and not only to his Catholic subjects, but to all the civilized nations of the world, who admired and respected him. From every quarter of the earth they find would expressions of the highe:;:; praise, as Pope Leo XIII. had outshone the glory of most of his predecessors. He had distinguished himself :.s a diplomatic statesman, a true pastor—and a.; an ascetic. As a statesman his relations with the Powers of Europe were well-known to those who had followed the history of our times. Solite of the difficulties he had to con- tend with were the Plan of Campaign in Ireland, the Kulturkampf in Germany, the educational difficulties in the United States. The wonderful success of enter- prisEs such as these had gained for Leo XIII. the reputation of being the greatest diplomatist of our age. In the dispute between Spain and the Urited States, he was chosen as'arbitrator. In fine the whole world regarded Leo as a great man himself and asa ruler of men. They loved to look on him as a ruler of souls, as a pastor and shepherd of the flock of Christ. As chief Bishop he had made him- self far more distinguished. Leo XIII. had been constantly at work. His published writings had now reached to 20 large volumes. Their subject matter con- cerned the most important things that mankind had to consider here below. Deeper still was their admiration of him as an ascetic, as a man full of virtue. His simplicity of life, his patient fortitude during the long years of imprisonment in the Vatican, his dignified re- signation, his deep humility in the highest position this world can offer, his sincere piety evident in every page of his writings, and his affection for the Mother of God, these things deepened more than anything else their res- pect and admiration for him, for they were evidence of a saintly life—a life which all the riches,intellect and honours of the world were powerless to produce. The death of Leo had already had its effect upon the world. When a great man died,the eyes of the whole world were turned upon his life. People were in- fluenced by it. Men if they were thinkers would now look into the late Pope's life. They would easily discover its characteristic trait. Leo's most prominent idea was that of the Divine authority of. the Catholic Church ; and that if men would only recognize it and obey the Church it would cure the many social miseries of our day. This was the theme of most of his encyclicals. If men would read them theywould be influenced by them. They wonld be brought nearer t 3 the Church of God with its world- wide dominion, its.wonderful organization; they would see clearer the reasonableness of the truths it set forth and the justice of its claims. The life that was ended must have its effect upon us. It was a striking example of strenuous work—of work that had but one object before it, which was the glory of God and the spread of His earthly kingdom.

A serious motor-car smash °mired in the descent of Sunrising Hill,lWarwickshire, by which two gentlemen were killed and a lady seriously injured. It is believed that the accident was caused by the brake being appl:od so suddenly as to break the wheel. Heavy sentences were passed on three women at Stafford Assizes on Monday for using drugs for an illegal purpose. The prosecution stated that lead poisoning was blamed on the pottery trade, but after this,he ventured the strong statement that the offence with which they were charged was oftener the case.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION ACT AT WORK,

AN INTERVIEW WITH THE REV. THOMAS LAW.

There are two sides to every great movement —the one which the public sees, the imposing demonstrations, the battle of, words, the heated campaign, and the other which is known but to a few, the quiet organising, the steady collecting of facts the delicate negotiating and attention to the thousand and one details that continually crop up. The Education Campaign in a striking way contains these two sides, and the Rev. Thomas Law, the secretary of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches, is familiar with them both. Meet- ings have been arranged by the thousand, from the great St. James's Hall meeting, which initiated the campaign, and similar demonstra- tions, to the humble gathering in the obscure village. Millions of tracts, books, etc:, have been distributed. Speakers have been pro- vided for places far and near. The Act is now in operation, but that does not mean the cessa- tion of the campaign, and one of the, perhaps, most important features of the work is the collecting of facts in relation to the administra- tion of the Act all over the country, and the taking of action when it is necessary, in order to conserve as much of the 'rights of Free Churchmen as remain. Mr. Law was good enough to grant me, writes our representative, a short interview on this phase of the work. "How do you obtain your facts as to the working of the Act?" I asked. - "In this matter," replied Mr. Law, "we have the invaluable assistance of the secretaries of our 800 Councils all over the country, and forty-five County Federations of Councils. Schedules, dealing with such points as the denominational and political composi- tion of the local Education Authorities and the Education Committees, proportions of boards of manager, denominations of head-teachers, etc., were prepared, and our secretaries have crone to considerable trouble to answer the questions we have put. We are just now send- ing out further schedules dealing with one or two details it is desirable to make quite clear. Returns are now, pouring in to our offices at the Memorial Hall, and are being collated. Intricate cases—and comparatively simple cases, too—have often required a great.deal of correspondence, and special inquiries. We have spared no efforts to ascertain the exact facts for the purpose of placing them before the country. Wb must acknowledge the devo- tion, loyalty, and perseverance of our local secretaries in gathering this information. Simple, as it often seems, it requires careful thought and attention to gather the required information." "Then how do you find that the Education Act is being worked?"

"In many cases, I am sorry to say in. a very high-handed fashion. Our fears have been more than realised, and dangers that were not suspected when the Bill was before Parliament have now been revealed. Of course, when our educational machinery wat placed in the hands of authorities elected for quite another issue, and with no regard to denominational quali- fications, it was inevitable that in many cases, injustice would be done to Free Churchmen.. This evil often has been made worse by co- option. In Liverpool, for instance, the City Council actually elected a majority of Free Churchmen, but by a wide exercise of the co-option clause, the Anglicans have gained the ascendency on the Education Committee. Again, at Newport, Isle of Wight, among the Council .representatives—the men responsible to. the ratepayers—the Nonconformists were only in a minority of two, but by using the co-option clause wholly for their advantage the Anglicans placed themselves in a majority of six. Quite apart from co-option, in many cases the proportion of Free Churchmen on Education Committees is lamentably small. In the East Riding 'of Yorkshire, for instance, out of a membership of. thirty, the Free Churches are represented bY only five of their faith as against seventeen Anglicans. "Do you find, Mr. Law, that Free Church- men are appointed representatives of the public on the denominational schools ? " "I find it very rare indeed that the two managers which the local authorities are able to appoint on the Anglican schools are Free Churchmen. During the passage of the Bill thfough Parliament, much was said of the futility of two Nonconformist representatives out of a board of six, but really it is seldom that Nonconformists get even the two. Some Education Committees appoint their two managers of a differ9nt denomination to that of the school, but they are not many. What popular control is guaranteed, for instance, by the condition of things such as obtains in the Holland Division of Lincolnshire? There, forty-two clergymen and one Catholic priest have been appointed as managers of the Voluntary schools. The Council schools are being captured in the same way; in the same divison thirteen clergymen being appointed as managers as against two Free Church minis- ters. At Worthing, too, the Education Com- mittee refused to allow more than three Non- conformist managers out of a total of forty- two." "Do Nonconformists get fair play in the scholastic profession?" " Gomparatively few of the higher positions in the scholastic world," replied Mr. Law em- phatically, "are in the hands of Noncon- formists, and in most of the returns that have reached our office, Free Churchmen form an insignificant minority on the teaching staff. At Wolverhampton, for example, out of twenty-five head-teachers in the provided schools, twenty-one are Anglicans, while in the denominational schools, out of forty-six head-teachers, thirty-three are Anglicans, ten are Roman Catholics, and only three Non- conformists; so that in the public schools of Wolverhampton there are only seven head- teachers who are Free Churchmen. The new Act gives mo promise of altering this state of affairs ; advertisements for teachers 'must be Churchmen' still appear in large numbers in the scholastic papers. "In many instances the change in the Edu- cational Authority has been used to the ad- vantage of the teachers in Voluntary schools, their salaries being increased in view of the schools being thrown on to the rates. A Wolverhampton head-teacher had his salary increased from £225 to £249 per annum, just prior to the change. According to the stan- dard of the School Board of the same place, he would only be entitled to £lBO, At Here- ford, too, it was shown that increases had been made only a short time before the trans- fer, and the Hereford Education Committee at ,first demurred, and the signing of the cheques for teachers' salaries was deferred, but ultimately they were paid. A similar state of affairs was revealed at Shrewsbury, a headmistress' salary being raised £lO, two teachers £lO and £2O respectively, and an infants' mistress £2O. The increase is dated a few days before the placing of the schools on to the rates."

"What do you intend to do with the -facts when complete ? " "In addition to the wide publicity we pro- pose to give them through the Press all over the country, as soon as we can exactly ascer- tain the, composition of the numerous Educa- tion Authorities all over the country, we pro- pose to publish in book form the statistics tabulated so that the Npnconformist position nun hA RAATI at a glance. Of ronrss. ito, portance of this can be understood, but may say the labour involved can only be imagined. We are striving to get all the facts so as to place before the country exactly how the Education Act is working. Where it is necessary we take action on cases as they come in; our Education Legal Sub-com- mittee, consisting of Mr. Lloyd George, M.P., Dr. Clifford, Mr. E. C. Rawlings, Mr. J. Bam- fami Slack f the legal adviser of the National

===== 0002601_19030801_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GENERAL ELECTION.

"May I ask, Mr. Law, if the National Free Church Council will take any part in the next General Election?"

"Already we are in communication with numbers of prominent Free Churchmen, urg- ing them to stand as candidates. Nothing but the gravest issues would have called some of them forth, but they feel it their duty at this crisis to place their services in the hands of the country." _

"But, Mr. Law, will not this be regarded as party politics P" _

' 'Not at all. We are in the midst of a great religious struggle which affects the whole life of Nonconformity, therefore we are bound to make it a vital question at the election. The coming struggle will be the greatest fight in which Nonconformists have been engaged since the days of Cromwell, and we shall thoroughly organise in order to be ready when the time comes. We are already preparing our plan of campaign; the organisation which the National Free Church Council has built up all over the country, and which is on the whole splendidly efficient, will be exerted to the uttermost to win this battle. The political leaders who are in opposition to the Act fully realise that the National Council will be a most important factor in the next General Election, as well as all municipal and other elections. It is now of the greatest import- ance that Free Churchmen should see that their names and those of their friends are on the register of electors. Local councils, too, should carefully watch the selecting of candi- dates in their constituencies. We must all work together in the confidence of victory."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
A POACHER DROWNED AT RIXTON.

The story of the way in which a Salford poacher named William Wilson met his death,was told in the Coroner's court at Salford on Monday afternoon. Wilson was a boatman by occupation. He went with another boatman named Green on a flat down the Mersey to Rixton, near Warrington, and landedat a place where they had previously set some nets. They found a couple of rabbits in the nets, and then Wilson called out to his companion that someone was coming. Four men walked towards them and, according to Green's state- ment, violence was used. Green alleged that he was struck on the forehead with a stick, was kicked several times, and after running a hundred yards fell in a dazed condition. He heard Wilson shout as if in pain, but did not see him struck at all.

This statement was rebutted by the police and keepers, who constituted the party encountered by the poachers. The evidence of Constable Clarke was to the effect that three employs on the estate solicited his assistance as they were expecting poachers. They came upon three men, and blows were struck. Then the men turned and ran. The policeman followed one of the men who had struck him onthe hand, andran him across a field. The man was turning to go down an embankment towards the Mersey, when he caught his foot in a rabbit net and fell head foremost down the embankment. He rolled to the bottom got up, and started running along the river bank. When witness was about two yards from him the man took one step down the bank, jumped into the water, and swam towards-the other side. He heard him cough once or twice. That was the last seen of him alive, and later his dead body was recovered from the water.

The Coroner directed the jury to dismiss from their minds the idea that the man had been injured before getting into the water, and to bring in a verdict of Accidental drowning." The jury, however, returned a verdict of" Found drowned."

A remarkable divorce action brought by Mr. Demetrius Sophocles Constantinidi on the ground that his wife's bigamy with a doctor named Lance resulted in the jury assessing the damages at £25,000—a record for the court. The jury found that the petitioner had also been guilty of misconduct. Argument on a point of law was re- served. Mrs. Constantinidi is a member of the Ralli family, who have a great banking business in London, Manchester, and Liverpool. We notlce from the announcements issued by the Great Cenitr€4 Railway Company that itis proposed on Sundays diming the summer months commencing on Sunday next to issue cheap tickets from Wigan and Lower Ince to Lowton St. Marys, Culeheth and Glaze- brook at the small fare of 6d. This arrangement we understand will also apply in the opposite direction. Such an arrangement will we think, be very much ap- preciated by the public generally as people go in con- siderable numbers to such places as Lowton St. Marys, Culcheth and Glazebrook for the Ship Canal.

CLARK'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to core, in either &ex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor's through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and. Midland Counties Drugeorapany.

BLORILIIQE 1--lov THE TEETH AND BREATH.— Tboroughy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. harden the gums, previ.htc tartar, stops decay, and v,ives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a deliglatful fragrance to the breath. Price Ss. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per Jar for the Floriline ",Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— ddrt VALUABLE DISZOVERY FOR THE Ai/8,--11 your hair II turning grey at* white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER., for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charraingfy heautifni, ac we las promoting the giowth. Price 3s 6d per tottle.—ild,:* To MOTtLERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Boothing'Syrup has been need for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the reorsufterer immediately- It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural citlet steep, ay relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists is 101 per bottle. -Advt.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
. . ~.. -. , 9 ',Olt* M 1 F4t4 -4 -'O, A :.., 4 Oh* , 't." ' "t„ . , . , -.4,. 1 z. 'Fir.; 4- ' 0, - 4. lifetS%,',l ..,

• A DAILY LUXURY! POWDEi „„:

BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure, Nutritious, and easily digested. Eggs often disagree; BIRD'S CUSTARD never.

BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavor and imparts to them a grateful mellowness.

NO ECCS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

===== 0002601_19030801_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
, LIMEST, 4.'Lk Amas 4.) CC,-'D FAMILY

rtrent use, has Fwed many a lite , and yet we think We idea might be A ti u.,0., auc reduced to a more simpie for. Take some goo''

COCKL:6I3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS) and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

_ COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE: VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. ;T: or BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION

FREE FROM MERCURY,

===== 0002601_19030801_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
E ~.... r PIES „ r A_ b 4, t . 7

te)cil aEI "‘7,40. " fregeb- • Q k

They are about your health. When your health goes the Least bit wrong, a wireless message is sent to your brain. It says something like this.

"You are not qua° eiv--tezillce a dose of

at once and it will put you right."

Do you attend to these messages when you receive them? You should do so—BEECHAM'S PILLS often prevent a serious illness, and so

prove "Worth a

themselves

Guinea a Box."

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speaiality. Largest Stook o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. New Edition, thoroughly revisei and erilar4e3 to 163 pages, JUST PUBLISHED. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer :cf Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application.

MOREL, 17 aqd 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, 81.03MSBIRY, IONO3N, W. C.

Warehouses: 11, 12[8nd 13, ISfeal's Tar, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—" Rabbitry, LonAon."

• .V--..71,'?.;•'5:-,t.,,T.i.Z-='47-zitrs.'--mt.,s-e--,0',.,-,..*.i.,-t,.7.7f-a.• '-:-, ..; 50..A.L, _ -,.., ~,_- , - ,k 2 •.: . . , ~.,,- -;7,,=, :; v,,Villrugm- LLY,;.-‘,,_,_1t.40ZC4etia,i.,...fA1,_..-ii,'",',:j..-7f-Atr`. ' ~,- ' - ,"?`"V,. d'e ..t,t4',., .1 a -,2-;11:•'•.:* ‘ px. ~ • -.• ... r 7.617 1 . t .1 . , _ . 1 , ~. • , ~ 4, #, ...' t 3 . „O‘i ..• i; -• 'l/4".• -...- $ , ~•,,.,• . , .t.,.}.", C..,, " 5.." -• ' •••• ••••,9- , Pc ••• , .74••• gt.'• ',.....i.1 eV ,Yl4. -4.: • ~P• 1i,,t!.,;... • ..‘• 'IP: 1 ~.1 ..". $ ..C.,.1 • , ~..,1„ . • ::•',•'..4,' • , . •N " !'• .•(6 . : 4.33 e , -:'-',ZAY''''' ' ... ' 1?"' : ' ,-,,,‘,, '.' 1- "'S.' ''.*'-;-1,';',:!..;'.'..., -‘":--"n; .`el.,"•:* ; _ - -:: _ ' ...., - '... : ',-- . 'l:`ii:•;fl,'S'i•

===== 0002601_19030801_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
these * : soect.n ps, urn " • trg

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

I'HERAPION. Thpi suisaurccreessmf ieddyandash I gehmly tqoyod in the Continental Hospitals by ftieord Rostan,Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and ;swelling ot the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strictur dischstrges, piles, gsavel. pains in the back, rheurnatistn,gout sle,-plessnees.netvous and physical exhaustion,etc. Therapion is prepared i 4 three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send Stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON 43, HOLFOBD-SQU.LRE,j LONDO

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

"P GOUT ANDJRHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM 1 1

130, Holmley-terra, Dronfield, Nt. Sheffield, October 23rd, 1932. Dear Sir,—l am sending you my testimonial for your Pills I think they are the finest things In the world, and have received great betefit from taking them. I have 4130 recom- mended them to ail my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary. and will recommend them whenever I can. I have tiged Aeveral others, bat have not found any to equal. yours. -

Your truly. JAMBS BROVVES.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are parfeatly.ftife in .tly4r %etion. elirninAtl 'Ol injurlun

matter, and are highly restoratirl. Bold everywhere in Bottles, Is. 11,1. and 23. 91.„ or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EIDE, 232, Goswell•road, London, HE TTivr A

EUMATIC PILLS.

. . , I e is B wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof- -1 9 tens and preserves the leather .7 ~..,"::: ,_ ~., Pleasant odour allow polish- -1.,.4, .• .1% .•.,:" '-!.., ing with blacking. GOLG MECAL. EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWAIIDS. EaslTD"gulnevrechrs, Tins 2d.. 6d., l'. &2/6 of Boot 0,11,, . , IF,'.:o,ii;.i. Zak,. iterisa, nSnatacddi 'orr vs, .....'r ,i' '

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

n _ BLOOD NWs IXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who hlr received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture; It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clestra the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the lamily Doctor, which goes an further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public zenerally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from iet a t ever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and 81000 Disealses, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marv3licus. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumalc Paine, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lie, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG C OMPANY i;;COLN. Beware of worthless imitintioas,

===== 0002601_19030801_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
I 7 T pr, ~.. ~ - • , .„ 4. • ,

===== 0002601_19030801_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S TARIFF

forward, and nose may control the political parties. a Tory Government by raising the price of bread, and so raising wages, going to so increase the cost of produc- tion that those nations that are hunge; ing after British markets shall find in it their best friend? Is it going to play into the hands of the Socialist party? I could almost wish this might be as, but I would rather the Englishman went glow in that direction. It is contended by Lord Ooschen, in his recent great speech, and by numerous writers,that a protective policy would mean, lower wages. Such a statement can only be made on the thought that the people of to-dayare what they were fifty years ago. Mr. Chamberlain in a speech delivered in the House of Commons, in August 1881, in epposition to Protection in any of its various forms st.id the . same thing. He alse said that, "It would thdubitably bring about the loss of that gigantic export trade which the industry 'and energy of the country,working under conditions of absolute freedom have been able to create." He foresaw "depression" in the wake of Protection, and ttrged that it would be. "the signal for a state of things more dangerous and mere disastreus than anything which has been seen in is country since the repeal Of the Corn Laws." But- t: would draw especial attention to the following state ment of tho Right Hon. gentlemanwhich I emphatically endorse, but draw a different conclusion from: "With the growth of intelligence onthe part of the working classes, and with the knowledge they now possess of their Fewer, the reaction against such a policy would be attended by consequences so serious that ri do not like to contemplate them." No, waged would not decline. At last the people are attending to the composition of 'watt ay the proper taxes. 5. These free zones are to be established solely the Zouse of Commons. They are proving their intellig- to 'favour exportation, aud only in those cases in ence, and depend upon it, they would attend to the wage . i question even if Civil War was the result. Fifty years which no harm can be acne to the existing home ago the people bad no political power. Outside a industries. Any goods sent froinsthese zones into I comparitively small circle of which such men as Lloyd the interior of the emit*, Will be subject to customs duties Tinder themaximum tariff,augmented Jones and Ernest Jones were the moving spirits, the ' people were pitiful slaves making but an inert mass. by a surtax. To-day they are determined to have more than a living he above summary clearly explains thsescheme. The wage, life must be made worth living. Thus we fail to Italians have discovered :tint chttles upon imports make find out so far,who among the British people are to it extremely diffresilt te do an export trade. The Italian Chambers of Commerce therefore propose that benefit by this re-birth. factories and workshaps shall be established at the sea The party to be injured is approached only in a nega- :ports in zones free from allrustoms Duties. There is tive way, but we may take it that all the nations who .already one such zone on a small scale at Genoa. The now minister to Great Britain's wants and needs, free area is surrounded with lofty iron railings, and and who must perforce remain outside of the armed policemen are constantly on the wttch to pre- Imperial 'happy family idea would, as a consequence, be vent smuggling. This will serve as the type for:the injured by the resulting loss of trade. What a child- more extensive scheme now proposed, like simplicity such a stand betokens. Let us deal with The scheme is chiefly of interest to Englishmen as human nature just as we find it, and not as we would showing how Protection breaks down in practice by its like it. Great Britain has seen the necessity of freeing own weight, and how Protectionists are driven to all everything she imports with the exception of some half kids of subterfuges to escape-the logical consequences dozen luxuries. All her Colonies find in her their best of a false theory. This free none plan will obviously marlacts. In return,these same Colonies treat the dear be injurious to many Italian manufacturers inlthe in- Mother Country with the same affection they mete out tenor, for they will be unable to .continue—in' face to the nation "just across the border," that is they of the competition of the Free Zones—any export trade place a Protective tariff on all she has to sell them. that they may have alreadrdeveloped. It is true that , They buy from those who will sell cheapeat. they will be confirmed in the privilege of charging their , They sell to those who will give most. Such is human own countrymen en excessive Price for manufactured , nature. The child-like simplicity of the Colonies can goods, which means that one Italianmanufacturer in the oily be compared to that of the Heathen 'Chinese interior will be-producing at high cost for Italian con- Notice how they kindly allow the dear Mother to pro- sumption, and another Italian mr.nufacturer on the vide army and navy, besides the traditional prestige that coast willhe producing sat low cost for foreign con- dear Mother has gathered to her name for theirprotee- sumption. In England -ha ppily we are saved fromthe (ion. iron railings and the anned.pOlicemen, and the high Suppose the scheme of the Zollvereinrnaterialized internal prices, because with the aid of Cobden and ;according to the idea of the Colonial Conference held a Peel we have succeeded in making our Whole island year ago,what could result? To whom do Canada and virtually one free port. Australia sell their food-stuff? Surely it goes to Great Britain. I have in recent articles dealt with Canada. Increase her production of food-stuff and she will com- pete more keenly with the States. But keep this one very important fact in mind, and believe me when I state it, Canada is but another North America in her immensity and in her resources, and she will in spite of all attempts to make her a member of the happy family , remain a stubborn child and pursue her own course Canada and the other Colonies will sell to Britain al' they have to sell and no more, Zollverein or no Zollverein. But Mr. Chamberlain's idea of Protection carries with it the charmed word of " reciprocity." If we, the British, make special rates, tariffs, with the Colonies, why, the same policy will be meted out' to us. Here comae in the sweet simplicity. Theßrifish workmen will allow Canadian food-stuff to come in free, but will place a tax on that from the States. Up to the margin of the protective tariff the Canadian farmer will go in his prices as near as possible. If the American farmer gets any grain into Liverpool it will be with a tax tagged on, so the British workman's cheap loaf vill have two rats nibbling at itHe must mind or it will be only a small crust he will have left for himsdlf. But says this "reciprocity scheme" in return for this we shall find markets, or retain markets in wiiidir to dispose of our products, industrial, mechanical and so forth. In addition,we shall create a fund out of which we can pay out pensions to the worn-out workers. What a gamble with the food of the people this is. If asystem of pen- sions is to be forthcoming it must in no. sense depend for its source upon a taxation of food-stuffs, or upon the imperial idea. Imperialism, or big Englandism has but a rotten stick to lean upon, that stickis sentiment.: As John Bright said, "Force is no remedy," and neither the mother nor yet her children can force their business I men to adopt usubusinesslike methods. What Mr. Chamberlain and his supporters areafter,is to secure the material prosperity of Great 'Britain. They are of opinion that Great Britain and her Colonies could, if welded together into one compact body defy. the world. Two features come out of this position, viz., defiance, or defence in the event of war, and in- creasing prosperity on trade lines. The first is a mere figment of the brainsmd events in the South African war proved it, and the second has been dealt With. The In- dependence of Great Britain and her Colonies must be maintained, each must go its own way, and nothing of an artificial character must be attempted. The Colonies are a dead weight, a burden not to be much longer carried, as in the individual, so in the =Altitude self

will rule.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSALS,

TAR. CROSFIELD'S REPLY TO MR. RYLANDS.

Mr. A. H. ensileld writes to say that he has been 'unable to reply to Mr. W. P. Rylands this week, but will do so in next week's" Examiner."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
TREE TRADE ZONES IN ITALY.

HAROLD COX, secretary of the Cobden Club,writes:---- There is a movement now in progress in Italy which has an important bearing 'upon the controversy raised by Mr. Chamberlain. At a meeting of the Union of Italian Chambers of Commerce held in Rome ot-i..lune 28th and 29th, resolutions were passed demanding the immediate establishment of Free Trade Zones in the .chief maritime cities. The following are the principal regulations pro- posed:- 1. All goods may freely enter these zones with. our paying any customs duty, and may equally be sent out free of duty if destined for ekport. 2.. The manufacturing and other handling goods in these zones will be exempt from all customs formalities and duties. 3. The necessary buildings of every kind will 'be allowed within the zones. 4. Food and drink consumed witian the zenes

===== 0002601_19030801_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. C. E. PARKER SUPPLIES TWELVE REASONS IN FAVOUR .OF FREE TRADE.

Mr. PARKER has forwarded the following treasons :- 1. Because Protection always has had, and ever wilt have,the effwt of increasing bola the cost of living,and that of manufacture. 2. Because this increased cost presses hardest on those who are least able to bear it, especially if foed- stuffs be taxed. S. Because all increases in price-lessen the spending power of the'people,atti so reduce the amount available for theaustaining of existing industries,and the develop- ment of new ones. 4. Because Protection by annihilating competition, makes the way easy for 'trusts -and combinations to monocolize the agencies of.production nad fix theirown prices for the necessaries, and conveniences of life. 5. Because every industry which rests upon Protec- tion, takes capitol and labour out of 'employments naturally remunerative, andencouragea them to engage in employments which are artificially remunerative at the expense of the consumers, thus causing a diminution of wealth and a reductionin the wage fund. G. Because by maintaining the full right of our people to buy from every country in the world we secure all the bargains. Eneand buys -better than any other country. 7. Because by Free Trade we bind the countries of the world inthe bonds of mntuallinterest, Which factor makes for peace and interaagonal good. 8. Because by the free admission of all the,besttpro- ducts of-the brain and skin of the workers in all lands, our consumers are benefited and our manufacturers are subject t o healthy stimulus which frequently results in their competing with and rivalling the imported pro- 1 duct. 9. Because as Sir Robert Peel said "We can best I fight foreign tariffs by free imports." 10. Because, while the wonderful prosperity of this i country Since Free Trade was introduced is doubtless in 1 part due to the increased facilities of • transit and lessened cost of conveyance, it is 'Free Trade that i enables us to take full advantage of, and put to the best use, these benefits. 11. Because Free Trade benefits all, for we are all 1 consumers ;Protection only benefits-a liniited. number 1 of producers, and that,at the cost of the unprotected I producers, and society generally. Protection is class ,I legislation, and like all such, benefits the few at the ' expense of the many. 3.2. Because if Protection is introduced it will bring I into state affairs a disastrous rivalry of tradeinterests, which will take up the time and energy of a Parlia- ment already overburdened with the cares of a great

I have urged that this subject receive full considera- tion. I have done so because there are so many factors bearing upon the question. It may be pointed out that Protection has, given America its prosperity. In my opinion it has done nothing ;,f the kind, and I would in the words of Mr. Guest "assert that she has prospered in spite of her policy of hostile tariffs." Again with that gentlemanl sayshe has prospered "because of her : marvellous natural resources which have in the past Mr. H. Whitham Analyses Some Protective , rendered her self-contained and self-sufficing." When Arguments. 1 you have the immense tracts of grain land to be seen ..4 in America, with the applied knowledge gained through 'Reference to Messrs. Guest's, Bindlossi,, and the services of an agricultural minister, and various Stott's Letters. 1 -universities, coupled with the wonderful machinery in "MR. H. WHITHAM writes from San Francisco : ; use in farming, that makes the old time farm hand of no use,you need not wonder at America's prosperity. When Once more the staff of life is put on its defence, and once more the dear cheap loaf pleads for its very exist- ! you find mountains, real mountains of coal and iron :within a stone's throw of each other, when you see the ence. Thinking over the fraestimi that has so suddenly . cotton mill built in the cotton tield,your wonder mus been sy,rung upon the electorate of Great Britain,one ! vanish and you give the thing up and look around for natural:4 tries to get at the reason, to find out the why 1 some other panacea than the one already suggested. -and the wherefore of Mr. Chamberlain's desire to in- The letter of Mr. Bindloss of :lune 27th contained -troduce Protection into the laritish Isles. Let ns see several statements that will and must engage the atten- -who it; is to benefit, and who 'is to be injured by it. It tion of all interested in trade matters. I have piles of is needless to use figures, but we may ask,did the small , ' fmm played on grain during the recent war benefit either statistics bearing upon the export and import trade—Of the three great manufacturing nations England,America Iheiandlord, the tenant farnaer, or the consumer, that , a's, the general public? We may suppose it would, in a and Germany. They are a maze to wander through , and one wonders how to place them before the limited sensevbenefit the landlord, that is, in giving to reader in effective_ method. Take the figures as given him who already has. It is doubtful if many tenant by Mr. 13indloss. They represent a situation not to be farmers could be found to say their bank accounts had laughed out of court. America has an immense market 'been appreciably swollen by it. But the fact beyond of I doubt would be that the great consuming public had, by ' for nails. Nearly all the buildings of the West are i paying this small tax, placed funds in the wood. It is much the same in the East. Consequently hands of the Chancellor of the Exahequer that there is a very big nail trade. You drive a million of , enabled the Government to carry on an unjust people out of Europe during the year. They come to war, and, taken as a lamp sum, it was paid the States and watt homes. The building trade is brisk : entirely by the workers, directly and indirectly. and the wire trade makes big jumps, and the surplus nail we can sell you as cheap or cheaper than it costs The tax on grain to effect its purpose must be a con- to make it. So it is we can afford to pay lls. 3d. for a siderable one, and then the British workman and his employers would have another of 1001 be., and charge you in England 7s. 3d. for nut thrown to them to ' keg crack. As the cost of living increased, wages would. 1121hs• My answer to this would be, England shall be 'no dumping ground for surplus products." With Mr. i have to go up. The worker to-day is not what he was in Peel's day. Parliament has, though in a limited Bindless I stand for "self-protection," and I am toler- I • ably certain that in Emch discriminating self-protection ' sense, taken Robert Lowe's advice, it has educated the people. We have just seen in Germany how the struggle some relief would be found, and the Yankee wouldstill sell you his cotton so long as you can pay his price between the land and the industrial interests has ter- 1 imioted, Socialism has Made a triniendous leap sad he has it for sale. The public eye should at this

Empire.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEAR LOAF.

The Examiner, Saturday August 1, 1903.

point be turned towards the Treaties of Great Britain as with other countries, bearing upon this question. But before I would support Protection even in this guise, I would go through the iron and wire mills, and

know I should find out one or two important secrets Leave out the business feature, and I ask can any of my readers say what is the difference in cost of a keg of nails 112 lbs. weight in England, Germany, and America? The greatest feature in the cheap production of articless

in America is this. The American workman care nothing for methods, all he thinks of is the amount he receives on pay day. He will try anything and every- thing his employer puts to him, but he will have his share of the profit. All that Americans can do can be done by Englishmen if they will it to be so. In the letter of Mr. Stott, secretary of the Warring- ton Trades and Labour Council, I find very good advice given. With him I believe Protection will put off the day when labour the world over will recognise the fact that it must be united against the common enemy, the capitalist. A plasterer's labourer in America gets 14s. for eight hours with double that for over-time. Can Mr. Chamberlain work the sum out to show this an outcome of Protection? But I must conclude by notic. ing Mr. Stott a little more. I ask your workingmen readers to turn to his letter of June 20th and read over again the latter portion. Some of the readers of the "Examiner" will remember the series of articles I wrote some years ago on Mining Royalties. About the same time a gentleman of Wigan, I think, wrote a pam- phlet on the same subject. I wonder what amount of good we did? None, I'm afraid. I am led to this remark by the closing words of Mr. Stott. After a statement- of conditions and rem edies 'this is the kind of Protection we require. It can be done, shall it be done?" What is it that must be done? You must send men to Parliament who will not turn back the fingers of time on an outrageous Education Bill. We in America never have a "religious difficulty" making men into enemies and robbing the schools of the power to make real men and women. The men to represent the best interests of England are those who have studied the land question and all that it means. Will your prasent member any more than your late mem- ber ever touch the land question, even with a long pole? You know he will not, and yet you vote for him, and you deserve to suffer. Your member Should be able to tell you how the Patent Laws of America help the inventors and so help the worker. He should be able to follow, if he cannot lead, and then you would know what an American Industrial Engineer is, and so have no need to cry out for Protection. I differ from Mr. Stott only in one instance, I would not "control the trusts and syndicates!" let them severely alone. Wait, and before long you will see a heap of good come out of them. They are on the best lines of evolution, and only a bit awkward in learning how to walk.

advantage. Sir Robert makes a fatal mistake, and one which, if adopted and persevered in, would ruin the country. That, comparatively, we have but little to gain from the foreigner, I admit, but the vital question is not how much we can take from I him, but howlong, if we have the open door, will he I be, before he has the lion's share of the' colonial , trade, and deprive us of a large part of . what we now have. If this were allowed 1 to take place, it would ruin the whole 4ountry. There is the issue, which no one appears to see. Our ever-increasing. population necessitates that we must have increased trade to support it, but where is it to come from ? Seeing that for twenty years our breign exports have been stationary, we can have no hope there. If our trade with the Colonies and British possessions, as the statistical abstracts show, increased at the rate of two millions a year, we might safely count that, under preferential treat- ment, it would average at least three millions. This would give us, in fifteen years (includ- ing what we have now) 150 or 160 millions of safe and profitable trade. This would surely be worth some sacrifice, but this is for , the workers and the country to consider. It is impossible for our opponents to deny, that, if the door remains open, the foreigner will deprive us of a great portion of the trade that we now have, for if, as statistics show, we cannot compete in our home market, what possible chance shall we have in the colonial? For instance, take our lead- ing industry, textiles. In 1883 we imported 22 millions, and in 1902 it was 37 millions, or an in- crease of 15 millions. If such is the case in the home markets, what can we, after a time; expect in the colonial? It appears to me that it would be folly, not be say madness, to run the risk. *hat we want is a safe,prosperous, and progressive trade, even if we have to pay something more for our food.

all, man does not live by bread alone. There was something higher than a love of bread, and that was a love of country. He believed that the workingman, if he cheerfully paid, and submitted to pay two shillings extra on corn for the good of the Empire during the late war, he woald be quite ready to continue to pay it, and possibly more, if—and that was a very large if— it was mule quite clear to him that the exigencies of the united Empire required it. Whether they were Fair Traders or Free Traders he would say, examine for yourself the question. If it be wrong in principle, then a rigid examination would bring it to naught; but, if it be sound, then let them beware of ignorantly opposing it, lest haply they found themselves fighting against the well-being of the country. (Hear, hear.)' These guarded phrases, coming from a man of much travel and wide experience, should carry great weight with all who,hitherto,have refused to allow themselves to entertain what Mr. Chamberlain so pithily terms the "open mind."

===== 0002601_19030801_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE-SIDED FREE-TRADE v. PROTECTION.

Lord Masham's Criticism of the Board of Trade; and his , Analysis of Sir Robert Ciffen's Figures. Mr. H. P.Hughes writes : Sir,—ln my letter, published in your issue of 11th July, I mentioned that Lord Masham had very kindly given me permission to make use of any of his exceed- ingly valuable contributions to the Free-trade v. Pro- tection controversy. The two sets of quotations lam now giving, in this letter, are selected—not merely because they are recent and up-to-date, but rather because, in these extracts, Lord Masham, with his characteristic fearlessness, handles—with consummate -ease and lucidity—difficult and technical "points" which very few other public writers or speakers possess, in a sufficient degree, the powerful combination of knowledge and courage and social position to success- fully tackle. The name of Lord Masham's firm—the great firm of Listers of Bradford—is a household word, in Yorkshire. I am told that Mr. Lister rose—by sheerability—from a working man to be a real live lord, and, if true, all . honour to him for it. Of course, Mr. Chamberlain's • high position, and his empire-responsibility, constitute • him the greatest exponent of British Protectionist doctrines that ever lived; but, as a dogged, persistent, plodding, irrepressible, and competent champion of protectionist theories, Lord Mash= was a recognised public authority, Jong years before Mr. Chamberlain took the boldplunge which is already racking history. Several of my friends confront me with Board of Trade figures, as being opposed to my line of argument, and the words "Board of Trade" are spoken, astit were with bated breath, as if that authority was simply As a useful public service, let me now quote from a recent instructive article by Lord Masham. He says : "The Board of Trade during Lord Farrer's time, used; to delight the faithful [Free-traders], year after year, with a Free-trade balloon, showing how prosperous we were, and we have had much of the same thing ever since. The Yorkshire Post' pub- lished recently a summary of the last year's Board of Trade report. Perhaps the report (balloon) is not quite so gassy as it used to be, but it is very misleading. We are told that, in the 10 years 1890 to 1900, our exports have increased 6 per cent., but it is all a delusion, as our exports to foreign countries, of British manufactures, have not increased a shilling in twenty years. By putting foreign exports and the colonial together, there has been some increase, but this is not shown in the report ; to be worth anything, Ire should hare the foreign and the Colonial put separately." "Why do not the Board of Trade skew us, as they might easily do, the true state of our exports to foreign countries, instead of trying to hide it? And then let there be a com- parison made, between British Free-trade progress and the progress of Protectionist countries." A few days later than the publication of Lord Mas- ham's above-quoted criticism of the Board of Trade, I saw, in the "Daily Mail," a confirmatory passage, which I give without comment. It speaks for itself : "Board of Trade efficiency: Yesterday the pro- mised committee to inquire into the administration and efficiency of the Board of Trade and the Local Government Board was appointed by the Govern- ment. The following have agreed to. act :—Lord Jersey (chairman), Sir John Gorst, M.P., Mr. Alfred Emmott, M.P., Sir Charles Lister Ryan, late Comptroller and auditor-general, Sir* James Lyle • Mackay, R.C.I.E. (who negotiated a comraer cial treaty with the Emperor of China.) The appointment of the committee arose out of a conviction on the part of the business men of the House of Commons that the Board of Trade is I unequal to the commercial needs of the nation. The inquiry may result in the appointment of a Minister . . of Commerce." The Local Government -• Board has long been known as the "lumber room of the Government. Leaving the Board of Trade, let us now pass along to Lord Masham's views upon some of the figures that are served-up to us, by eminent authorities. Sir Robert Giffen is one of the greatest. living authorities upon what I would term National Statistics, and it takes a first-rate man to tackle him, upon figures. Well, Lord Masham is equal to the task, as will be seen from the following keen analysis : "Sir Robert Giffen, in a long article in the I 'Nineteenth Century,' quoted, from a statistical abstract, some really very remarkable figures, shew- I ing, very clearly, that, if we are losing ground in ; one direction, we are taining rapidly in another. ; He says that the statistical abstracts show that our exports to the Colonies and British possessions, in I 1887, were 75 millions, and that, in fifteen years I they had gone up to 105 millions (in 1901), and last year, 1902,they jumped up four millions more— only four millions! Consider this, in a single year It would probably be mainly owing to the war, and for that reason more or less fictitious. Taking the average of the fifteen years, there appears to have been an increase of about two millions a year, and yet, with this great fact before his eyes, he writes six pages to show that the colonial trade.is oo small, and there is so little to gain, that preferential trade would be of no

===== 0002601_19030801_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELESTION IN ST. JOHN'S WARD.

MR. THORNTON SECURES A LARGE

MAJORITY.

Few municipal • elections in Warrington have aroused such intense local interest as that which was decided in St. John's Ward on Thursday. Neither political party entered the fray and the main ques- tion before the electoi's was that of municipal trading. Curiously enough both candidates professed themselves to be non-traders,but Mr. Thornton had the advantage of being the nominee of the Non-trading; Committee with which he has been connected since its inaugura- tion. Mr. Magian, on the other hand, has never been connected with the committee, but he claimed to have been a Non-trader and to have fought the Corporation before the committee came into existence. Mr. Maginn expressed his views of the trading question as follows : Was it fair that any man—no matter who he might ba—who would undertake to:do the work honestly, straightforwardly and to the best of his ability,' should be debarred from his share of the trade of the town? (Applause.) He did not say that there should be one bit of favouritism shown to him. But they did not mean to say that When a man was a town councillor he was to debar himself from the ordinary trade he was entitled to? (Applause.) He was quite entitled to an equal share of the trade if his tender was lower than that of anyone else.

But I do not at all agree with Mr. Chamberlain that it will be necessary to increase the cost of living to such u point• as to increase wages, and I am very sure that they will not be increased by the higher cost of living, as wages, like everything else, are governed, and rise and fall, by the supply and demand. That wages would rise, is certain, as Protection will always give more employment. By a careful and proper readjustment of taxation, I see no reason why the workers' cost of living should be increased. Mr. Chamberlain's great Birmingham speech was the most courageous, but, at the same time, the most unwise, that he ever made, causing general and unnecessary alarm throughout the country. He would have been more %cautious about raising the food question if he had, as I did, some twenty years ago, in the Craven district, fought the big and little loaf stuck on two poles, with a drum and fife band, going from place to place vote-catching. On that occasion I was well beaten, and so would he probably be, if the General Election were to take place now. But the working classes are far, far away more educated than they were, and far more capable of grasping the situation. One thing is certain, that if they were so foolish as to miss the present oppor- tunity of securing, by preferential trade, what our loyal colonies offer us, they would be committing nothing less than national suicide." These two sets of quotations, from Lord Masham's recent article in " The Dispatch" will, I hope, be care- fully studied by all who are examining for themselves the statistical foundations upon which Free-Traders, and Protectionists base their opposite arguments Those who are taking an interest in this series of letters will—perhaps—have noticed that, as far as pos- sible, I am trying to avoid the ruts in which Protection and Free-trade discussions usually tend to run; and, although it is difficult to say anything that is really new, upon a subject that has been debated for over a century past, still, there is an opportunity for selecting the lesser-known or lesser-studied "points," and pre- senting them with—as it were—marginal up-to-date notes, and this is all I am attempting. Next week, I am planning to embody an outline or sketch, of Mr. Andrew Carnegie's views, written in 1898, upon "The Manchester Free-Trade School, and. To-day." He goes back to the times and theories of Villiers, Cobden, Bright, and their colleagues, and gives us a picture of what Free-trade was expected to do; what it actually did do; and where it fails to meet Britain's twentieth- century needs. With being written so long prior tothe Majority for Mr. Thornton ... 312 subject of Protection and Free-trade becoming a burn: the hreesßuiattrntio Officer Council (Aldermanmwhereer t t Sutton) voting raccli ing question, Mr. Carnegie's opinions are all the more taken place. • valuable and impartial. As to what Cecil Rhodes, one SPEECHES BY THE CANDIDATES. of the greatest of Britain's Imperial sons, thought of Mr. HENRY THORYTON, in proposing a vote of thanks Free-trade, I need not say; as the almost prophetic to the Returning Officer, thought those present would words in his will, are almost fresh most of our be pleased with that day's work and both Mr. Maginn and himself had fought as hard as they well knew how. memories. My own belief is that there is in prospect a They had been friendly all day. Mr. Maginn had been big national awakening upon the Free-trade question slightly erratic ; that was natural, but they had kept though it may not fully shew itself in time for control_ good friends by shaking hands at the. commencement ling the next general election. Britishers are slow to iiineddt% not tutillnt itchttyerwe owueeld anything tioino dg ttetn ed:e uttige 3unrl; think, and still more slow in changing theirminds ; but, that friendship. He should like to express his thanks if the mills of public opinion grind very slowly, they to all parties concerned in the election. In a big matter surely grind very small. To put the position into the like et that in ehee e largest iueh ward in enthusiasmbe t andzheewree words or the late President Lincoln:—"You may fool into it, to get through in such a short time all the people some of the time, and some of the people had been hard work. They were glad it was over and all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the personally he was pleased. He thanked heartily all parties who were concerned. Considering the amount time." of work thrown in during the short time of the election A correspondent, signing himself " Labourer " asks they could not,expect every little thing to go through me "whether—under one-sided Free-trade, or any other without some little hitch. The hitches, perhaps, had kind of trade—the majority of working-men have ever perfectbeen exceedingly nniaaltl the way hwea would ou ld everyoneli ke ad expressworkehlr. , been able to afford more than one's day's trip lathe year Mr. Joittr Ma.oirs said he had great pleasure in by the sea-side, or whether they are ever likely to do seconding the vote of thanks to the Returning Officer and so ?" In reply, I can only point to the average to everyone concerned, in the election. He would 'not Americanworkman,who, chiefly by virtue of the State- er errtautrine Thheodnafteoundi t tohmep eelee lenby 1 :iatiliointi't chair?. protection of his industry in the Home Markets, is ing anyone names and he would finish it, he in a position not only to have a trip to the American hoped, a gentleman. (Hear, hear.) So far as they sea-side, but a trip to the Old Country! I have a etheeulsrnveatt woe been f Corporationme courteous euwe were ecogc7hrngedte him brother over just now, on a visit from the United States than they had been. He put them to a lot of trouble ; and, a while ago, a sister of mine came on a three getting out a lot of figures and he had found them months' visit, and brought a son 12 or 14 years old iiiiiiosth obliging. k.He would also .Itike to pay ahtarr fought to with her. Ido not know of any working man, in this this erlaevcetiown re inindem.ielann'sdecdo committee. They t great odds. It had country, who would dream of affording himself such a taught them that it was possible with a little home in- trip, or of sending his wife and son on such a holiday, in- telligence tohiiteresththeTrtiemuhnnifteael rain and raise t awndellopslte.asHeA3 Go to the Liverpool landing stage, when an American themdi notresmaytthieryaretreys.atisfieyd but he fought boat arrives, and you will find in the Summer season he fought the election. He had tried to rouse the plenty of American visitors, who are of the artisan, workingman and show him it was time to look to his own interest and drop the leaders of clap-trap. Though class. they Lind lost through the great odds against them, I hope to have something further to say about Pro- namely wealth, prejudice and ignorance, still he was tection in France, Germany, and Russia, by and by, as thankful he fought the election. If he lived he would still fight glfiit Ward and . for the workingmen and i he would fight St. I was, at one period, employed responsibly in a business j d d it without outside nterferense or where we traded with five European countries, and I wealth. (Hear, hear.) had opportunities of learning something of the labour The vote was unanimously carried. Alderman SUTTON, in acknowledging the compliment, problems, and social condition, of the Continent, said he could only say he had done his duty as Return- "An occasional correspondent " make some splenetic ing Officer. The only disappointment he always had in and rather offensively-personal observations, about Mr. connection with these elections was that when theyhad Chamberlain, which are regretable. "An occasional two good men, he could not have the pleasure of etigaeridniert tmvebtoetehf-tztnuLen.ed. He was very much correspondent" appears to assume that Mr. Chamberlain is the creator of the present agita- The RETURNING OFFICER then proceeded to the Town tion, whereas, Mr. Chamberlain has simply Hall steps to declare the result to the large crowd which had assembled. "voiced" an agitation which has been growing SPEECHES THE TOWN HILL STEPS. I and growing for a long while. I was speaking and The result ee received with great cheering by the writing, on this very subjeet, myself, ever twenty years assembled crowd. D Speaking from, the Town Hall steps, Councillor ago, and, so long ago as March, 1894, I sent a reprint to I thoelfro s victory—the tolfe best they `tic' e vfor r Mr. Chamberlain, and to most of the leading statesmen tmaghanked ntle and newspapers—of an article of mine, advocating a I achieved. They had put another nail in the Ycoffin of the Zollverein (and called it by that name), almost exactly trader and shown that the people of Warrington were on the lines now responsibly proposed by Mr. Chamber- in favour of a: disinterested view ef public life and of lain, only that I did not hit upon the happy idea of PulNir.YNiommiiinn municipal p a kgrotvterrAnmmse n (Cheers.)said he had come from Old-age Pensions. another town to rejoice with them in that victory. It Permit me to close this letter by bringing to "An was the most signal victory the non-traders had yet occasional Correspondent's" notice the following rracuter.ed,lendeiut nlcvNor worthlo d coming , they n ehad t o d rci ev leen- extract from the speech made, last week, by Mr. Cecil ' another nail into the coffin of the traders and had F. Parr (chairman of Parr's Bank, Limited), at the half-1 increased the number of nails to seven.' He was con- vinced that when November came round they would yearly meeting of one of the strongest and best-managed ' I once for all the municipal state of the borough. banks in the world I Councillor TKORNTON, who was loudly cheered, " lir was impossible for even bankers, impartial thanked the voters in the ward for his return and also as they are and ought to be, to hold themselves thanked those who had worked inhis interest. aloof and disinterested from the controversy which! was ri;el,ll he letOTlNY.Na'VVwarhrOo tallisaot dhaelliehaeretri ,ii•eeacteepnt !Ind said:oefl theee was now beginniug to divide the nation, on the ' heavily, but he consoled himself with the knowledge subject of Mr. Chamberlain's fiscal propositions. that it was the fate of all great men to be He did not intend to discuss those proposals there,ior :r.geedt ettetrq.) earillieer hadencfleeua:lTtirst.he fith but he could not say he admired the attitude of slngle-handed, he had fought without 'the assistance those who resolutely shut their ears to any discus- of either clique party or faction he had fought the sion on the subject. It seemed to him to argue a fliegh_ta without sending round the 'hat for his expenses; somewhat timid faith in their own convictions; theh bd. frave ugyvhetritcliinegfimgahnt(7:iTheo,n)tanadsineilhoenarhtt stildaelucti but altogether apart from the main question as to those workingmen. That was the beginning of an attack whether the cost of living would be raised or not, upon money., prejudice and iyuorance—(laughter)— it he should like to remind his countrymen that, after wasntwhriabtegemsnhionim• fdao campaign to oanspotew teach hw working- he

The Non-traders contended that no canaidate who held such views on the question could be a Non- trader. Mr. Thornton announced at the meeting on. Wednesday evening that he was "a thorough Non- trader to the backbone, and no efforts of his and no money of his would prevent him going the whole hog with the Non-Traders."

The election was vigorously fought. Mr. Magian threw himself heart and soul into the work, and with- out any further organization behind him he may be said to have fought the contest single-handed. He addressed four open air meetings and two under cover, and carefully ' canvassed the constituency. Mr. Thornton contented himself with two public meetings and received loyal support from the members of the Non-trading Committee. Mr. Thornton also received the assistance of the local members of the United Irish League, the President (Mr. C. Roddy) speaking at both meetings. A number of Irishmen, however, supported Mr. Maginn, but the splitting of the Irish vote told against him. Polling commenced in the Old Club Room, John- street at eight o'clock. The ward contains no fewer than 1,704 voters and excellent arrangements had been made for taking the poll by. the Town Clerk, who had appointed the following presiding officers :—Messrs. T. H. Spinks, J. R. Williams and J, H. Fisher. The poll clerks were Messrs. E. Lockett, A. Thorpe, and S. Bailey; Between 12 and two o'clock and from six o'clock to the closing of the poll, John-street presented a very animated appearance. The committee rooms were sur- rounded by the supporters of the respective candidates, and one after another, vehicles of all descriptions dashed up with the voters. Mr. Maginn had two large, motor-cars in use, and Councillor Dodds brought up one for Mr. Thornton. A workingmen's Committee worked hard to get the voters to the poll on behalf of Mr. Maginn, whilst many leading non-traders worked stren- uously on behalf of Mr. Thornton. Promptl3 at eight o'clock, the polling stations were closed and the ballot boxes removed to the Town Hall. The counting of the votes was commenced without delay, and before nine o'clock the result was announced to the public. It was found that 1234 electors had recorded their votes, being one of the heaviest polls on record for St. John's Ward. There were a number of spoiled papers. The result of the counting was as follows:

For Henry Thornton For John Maginn 458

===== 0002601_19030801_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
think and vote for himself. (Cries "We have done it. ) He had been beaten, but would fight the wardagain and would win it. (Cheers and laughter.) Councillor PEMBERTON said he wished to thank them most heartily for the splendid fight they had made on behalf of the Non-trading party. If Mr. Maginn came out again he hoped he would come out in his proper colours—as a trader. Mr. Maginn had declared him- self as believing in the right of members of a Council trading with that Council, and the electors had shown that day that they were directly opposed to that.

===== 0002601_19030801_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. NORBURY WILLIAMS AT WARRINGTON. The Evidence of Mr. Henry Roberts at London.

A Challenge to Mr. Roberts.

Mr. Norbury Williams was the principal speaker at a meeting held in the Co-operative Hall, Winwick-street, on Wednesday evening, in support of the candidature of Mr. Henry Thornton. Councillor James Dodds presided, and there were also present on the platform :—Mr. H. Thornton (the candidate), Councillors W. J. Forshaw, John Pemberton, and A. Horrocks, Messrs. C. Roddy, A. Downes,C. Carruthers,A. Hulme,William Hickman, J. E Richardson, S. Gough, and others. ,',•4 _

Mr. THOMAS PEM-BiRTON controverted the statement of Mr. Maginn that the electric fighting station had cost £200,000. It had not cost one quarter that amount. Mr. Magma said he Rad been trying to find excuses for the action of Mr. Deas, but, he (Mr. Pemberton) con- tended it was not their duty to make excusesfor officials. He claimed on behallofithe Non-Traders that they had been frankly straight forward, and the figures they had given had not been contradicted. He reminded the electors that they were fighting for a principle. He was afraid those present had no idea of the want of backbone of some of the men in the Council. He did not think there were any workingmen in England who had stuck to a cause like the workingmen of Warring- ton had done to the Non-trading cause. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN observed that he was proud of the way Warrington had stuck to the Non-trading cause. Mr. FORSHA.W referred to a statement by Mr. Magma that he (Councillor Forshaw) promised him the support of the Non-trading Association next November—if he would retire from the present contest in favour of Mr. Thornton. That statement was absolutely untrue. He (Councillor Forshaw) was not a member of the Non- trading Association,and that being:so, he could not, and I did not promise Mr. Magian the support of the Associa- tion next November.

Mr. CIIA.RLES RODDY said he was working with all his might for the return of Mr. Thornton. Instead of trying to cement a good feeling between the English and Irish people, Mr. Maginn was doing the opposite. A telegram was read from Councillor Lord saying be would give a whole day on the following day, and hoping others would do the same. Mr. Samuel Dunbobbin wrote :—" I cannot allow this meeting to close without wishing- Mr. Thornton every success. My reason for wishing it,is because in 1884 there was a strike with the wiredrawers at White- cross and Rylands Bros., which threw the labourers out of employment at both firms, numbering 150 men and boys for over 10 weeks. Mr. Thornton while the strike lasted, week in and week out, distributed loaves of bread and potatoes amongst the families of these men, and likewise gave me £25 to distribute Such noble actions as these should not be forgotten. Hoping the voters in St. John's Ward will rally round him and send him to the Town Council with a good majority." Mr. THORNTON, who had a hearty reception, asked his hearers whether they were satisfied with what the Town i Council had done n recent years. (Cries of" No.") He (Mr. Thornton) was a Non-trader to the backbone, and no efforts of his andno money of his, would prevent him from going the whole hog with the Non-traders. By doing so he felt he would be helping the working people of Warrington. (Hear, hear.; Mr. Thornton proceeded to show how the raising of assessments and rates had caused a rise in rents in Warri.ngtori._

===== 0002601_19030801_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY MR. NORBURY WIfLIAMS.

Mr. NORBURY WILLrAms referred to the fact that that was the 13th meeting he had addressed in Warring- ton. On the last occasion he was in another part of the town supporting the candidature of Mr. Horrocks. (Applause.) He was more than satisfied with the re- sult. It was a credit to the town; a credit to Mr. Dodds and his friends, and a credit to the cause of purity and good government. (Hear, hear.) Referring to Mr. Thornton's candidature, Mr. Williams said Mr. Thornton had been!a. Non-trader from the first. If it had been a case of a death-bed repentance he would not have said a word for him. (Laughter.) He hopedthat by returning Mr. Thornton, the Non-traders would secure one more of these constantly accumulat- ing victories which would make Warrington a name throughout England. These elections were being watched the country over by officials who were always ready to assume an authority which was not their by right. Warrington was doing more in this cause at present than any other borough he knew of in this country. Therefore this contest in .St. John's Ward was of greater importance than those who were in the midst of it might be inclined to think. By next November but one they hoped to have

===== 0002601_19030801_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SWEPT THE TOWN THOROUGHLY CLEAN.

He believed Mr. Maginn was being supported by some big wigs of the town so as to knock one of the non- trading candidates down. Mr. Maeinn professed to be a Non-Trader,but his statement that no member of the Council ought to be debarred from his share of the trade of the town was entirely contrary to the position taken up by the Non-Traders. There was a clear line drawn between the two. Mr. Maginn had misapprehended the seriousness of the position. If anything, public service ought to mean loss and sacrifice and he (Mr. Williams) would look with great suspicion on the public services of any man who was not the loser in some way or other. He (Mr. Williams) would be sorry to think he was a farthing the gainer by anything he had done for the public. He knew he was thousands of pounds the loser, and therefore he deprecated with all his soul and being the thought of Mr. Maginifs, that a man on entering the Council might commence doing what he called his proper share of the trading. That was the seat and origin of the whole of this scandal in Warrington. It was the men who thought like Mr. Maginn who had ruined the fair name of Warrington. If Mr. Maginn had not uttered another seatence,the one referred to, ought to condemn him on Thursday. He (Mr. Williams) hadnot been present to hear any of the results,but he thought he would be present: on Thursday. (Hear, hear.) That sentence of Mr. Maginn's had worked him up. (Laughter). It was a scandal to Warrington that after two years of work such as the Non-traders had had, a candidate should so disgrace himself as to advocate that the old, bad, wretched system of trading should go on. If the election went against Mr. Henry Thornton it would be a greater disgrace than anything that had gone before. Did he not tell them two years ago that next to Blackpool, Warrington was the most corrupt borough in the kingdom? He did not say so to-night. Finer support had never been given to a municipal party than had been given to Mr. Dodds and his friends, and what was said two years ago, thank God had no need to be said to-night. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19030801_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WAS REDEEMING. ITSELF,

but it did it by stages. It had a further opportunity now of doing something for the honour of Warrington and the redemption of its good name. (Applause.) Since he was last in Warrington the Town Clerk and Mr. Henry Roberts had been before the committee which had been . INQUIRING INTO MUNICIPAL TRADING.

This was a matter of more than local concern. Warring- ton had been the head and front of the trading, the im- moral trading between its Corporation and limiteLl com- panies with which members were connected. There had not been another borough in the Kingdom that had been worse than Warrington in this respect. He defied any man, including Mr. Roberts, to nameany single borough or city which had been deeper in the mire than War- rington had been. Mr. Roberts appeared before the com- mittee in London to give evideace in contradiction to what he (Mr. Williams) had slid. But when one gave evidence before a committee of seven lords and six commoners it was their practice, he found, to suddenly ask questions of you that you never dreamt you were going to be asked. (Laughter.) It was so with him (Mr. Williams) and it was so with Mr. Henry Roberts. He would say nothing about himself but he would say with reference to the evidence of Mr. Roberts that he was delighted with

===== 0002601_19030801_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Tng CROSS-HY.A.MINATIog OP M. ROBtra'S

lby Mr. Powell Williams, M.P., of Birmingham. It was one of the most interesting passages that he had ever read in municipal history. The people of Warrington knew Mr. Roberts at home amongst themselves; they knew the company he was connected with; they knew Ithe allegations that had been made against him with respect to that company and its trading with the Cor- poration whilst he was a member of the Council. Mr. Roberts did his best, he was bound to say, to exculpate his own company and himself in this particular matter, but when it came to the cross-questioning he (Mr. Williams) ventured to say that Mr. Roberts made such an exhibition as he (Mr. Williams) would be ashamed to ka.ve had to make. He made the frank confession that the average trading of his firm with the Corporation for the last 14 years was not more than ‘£2,000 a year. He had not met with its equal for coolness. • By his evidence Mr. Roberts had not helped Warring- ton, he had not helped himself, but he had immeasur- ably, incalcnlably helped the cause of non-trading. (Applause.)Mr. Norbury Williams proceeded to read the cross-examination of Mr. Roberts by Mr. Powell Williams. In referring to Mr. Roberts's answer that he did not consider the dual positions of Mayor of the Borough and managing director of his company conflict- ing in his case, Mr. Williams said there was a comic opera which he delighted to go and listen to. The words were written by the inimitable Gilbert, and the music by that equally-inimitable Sullivan. There was a character in that opera whom he had seen many a time strut on the stage. His name was Poohbah (Laughter.) He was a Japanese character and under the Emperor of Japan he occupied practically all the important offices of the State. He is asked by the Emperor a certain question with regard to the expendi ture of some money. In reply he says "Well if you ask me as Prime Minister or Lord Chief Justice T say 'No,' but if you ask me as Chancellor of the Exchequer

or Home Secretary I say bjall means 'Yes.' (Laugh ter.) Mr. Henryißoberts is

THE POOHBAH OF WARRINGTON.

(Renewed laughter.) When he is the Mayor of Warring- ton he puts on the lowest price he can screw them down to, but when dealing as managing direc- tor of the Slate Company he gets the highest price that can possibly be obtained. (Laughter.) John Maginn was following in his steps and each had got a wrong ticonception of public duty. (Hear, hear.) There was a good deal that was not told- before the Committee in London. More was left untold than was actually told. He sometimes wished he had been there at the time. (Laughter.) The very basis of this Non-trading agitation was that no member of the' Council should trade with the Corporation directly or indirectly, either as contractors or sub-contractors. He, wanted to make a CHALLENGE TO MR. ROBERTS before that meeting. He had told that distinguished - Committee in London that the trading of his Company did not exceed £2,000 a year. He (Mr. Williams)' publicly challenged him that he should permit him (Mr Williams) to look into the books of the Slate Company with a view of ascertaining the volume of trade done with the Corporation during the last seven years,whether as contractor or sub-contractor. (Hear, hear.) He would venture to prophesy that the amount that would. be arrived at would not be the small figure which he had laid before the committee, but, would amount actu- ally to tens of thousands of pounds. (Shame.) He (Mr. Williams) wanted therefore that he or somebody else should be permitted to examine the books of the company so that they might know whether .£2,000 was all the company had profited or whether it was tens of thousands. He (Mr. Williams) gave him that challenge and he awaited his reply. It was his (Mr. Williams's intention to have given the committee. the' names of nine companies in Warrington which had traded with the Ccrpration but he was: cut off with the first company. Some day he intended that the members of the House should know that it was not the member of any one companY who had been trading with the Corporation,but the members of nine companies. Although Mr. Roberts had been for years a party to the s3lection of elective auditors by the two respective political parties, he went before the committee and said he was dead against that system; it was a bad system, it had gone on for years,and ought to be abolished. What were they to say of the evidence of a gentleman who for years had taken his part in such elections and who now turned his back-- on what he had previously done. It was unworthy of public man who desired the support of the burgesses.. He had intended to say something on

===== 0002601_19030801_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EVIDENCE OF THE TOWN CLERK

and two others who went specially to London to den"?' his (Mr. Norbury William's) evidence. (Cries of `‘Go on."Y He repeated now what he; said before that committee, that gentlemen in Warrington, in Stockport and in other' towns he named, who had desired to see minutes la reference to the acts of their Council or Committees-- had been refused access to those documents. He said distinctly,although these Town Clerks had given their evidence he (Mr. Williams) could prove what he said, if unfortunately the committee had not closed its doors. He had his witnesses ready to go to London and explain all details and say "No we have not been able to get to the minute books of our OWR town and get to know' what our own committees are doing." He ventured to say this was one of the things they would have to keep clearly in view. If they were not very definite in their demand for constant access to. the minutes according to Act of Parliament,. they might depend upon it that officials would put more and more obstacles in their way. It was very necessary. that the right which was laid down in 1835 and bad' existed ever since, which gave every burgess the right, of inspecting the minutes of his own Corporation and its committees,should be insisted upon and remain intact. (Hear, hear.) He confessed that 18 months ago be never dreamt that so much would be done in Warrington by so few men. They expected a

===== 0002601_19030801_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
BIG FIGHT NEXT NOVEMBER.

It would be the very biggest fight, that Warrington had ever known. He (Mr. Williams) Nvss' an outsider, but he would be there. (Laughter.) TheY were going to run candidates for every ward, he WaS told. That was as it should be. He did not say thel would all be new men, because a few of the retiring Councillors had been faithful to the Non-trading cause. The change that would then have been wrought in Warrington in a brief two years would be relatively and proportionately, greater than the change that had ever been made in any borough in the kingdom. (Al 4. plause.) The credit for this was not with the handfin of leaders but with that brave band of electors in the various wards who had obeyed the word of command and voted straight, when the time came. (Applause.), Alluding to the

SLACK CONTRACT Mr. Williams said all he would say of it was that it was one of the most unbusinesslike and intolerable things he had ever heard of in municipal government. He did not know who was responsible. He should like an inquiry as to who was responsible. The Chairman of the Water Committee was about as incompetent as any man could be. He e smed to know absolutely nothing and then. '1 hen you refer to one of the officials he tell; you he was really so busy that he could not bother this thing at present. The whole management Of cipal affairs in Warrington had of late veers got so 'fo that nothing seemed to go straight. (Hear, hear.) 3 a business concern this would not be permitted for it moment. The bankruptcy court would be the result..,,e was by doing these loose things, these unbusineSsll% things, these things of favouritism—of giving to A s'ill.e„o your contract says it shall go to B—that Warringt,", stank in the -nostrils of many of its neighboura boroughs. The non-traders wanted to take the stl'" away. Let them look at what had been called tho ARPLEY-ROAD IMPROVEMENT the improvement which consisted in buying the War- rington Slate Company's office. (Laughter,) Did theY ever know such an outrage, and it would ha've gone through just as these other loose thing, would have gone through, but for the dozen men men amongst 36. He' had hardly patience to talk of the salary matters in connection with educa- tion. They would not be permitted for a moment in a' third-class tripe shop. (Laughter.) They were cell- traryto all commonsense and contrary to all busioes! principles, and if it were not the public money that we". being dealt with, they would never be allowed for ao instant. It was because they wanted to put an end t° them that they wanted to add Mr. Thornton to the half-dozen there. They were

GOING TO HAVE AN INQUIRY. Some people had been whispering that there would such opposition to the inquiry that it would not tilt place. They were going to have that inquiry a° , the Warrington Town Council had better under-, stand that right oft They had stated the tercis . on which they wanted it, and at the next ineate.. Ina or the next meeting but one, the /Inglis," Council which only represented itself and did 110: represent the ratepayers was going to settle in all it' imperial majesty whether it was going to grant thst inquiry. It did not matter much whether the Council did or not.because in another twelve months they wool° not know the Council. (Laughter.) They would have. turned it inside out, including several Aldermen. TheY meant business. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, gra Williams urged the electors of St. John's Ward to hco up the hands of the leaders of the non-trading move- ment by returning Mr. Thornton. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19030801_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
39, AND 41, DALE SWIEET. 12, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

B 0 L D STREET WERLEYAN CHURCH WARRTNGTON TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 2nd. At 10.30—Rev. G. H. CARNSON. At 6.3O—MR. F. WRIGHT. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lessethan half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. C 1 I.IACDONALDS PAINLESS YSTEM tA Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST. AT WANLASbES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYB,I2 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WaTtittNOTTniv, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 2nd. At 10.30—Rev. W. C. J. NEVILLE. At 6.3o—Rev. R. WILKINS REES. All welcome. Hymn books provided. GOLBORNE STREET BAPTIST CHURL!! WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). AUGUST 2nd Rev. HERBERT DUNNICO. MORNING 10.45 --Religion in the light of modern service" EVENING 6 30.—•' Certainty of belief" VOCAL SOLOIST: MR GEORGE GOUGH. Ordinance of the Lord's supper at the close.

CHESHIRE CT'UNTY COUNCIL —A NUMBER OF SCHOLARSHIPS are OFFRRED for COMPETI- TION, tenable at the Dairy Institnte, W-,rieston, for twelve weeks•commencing August 24th Application forms can be obtained from the undersignel. RICHARD P. WARD, Director of Education. County Education Wales, City road, Cheater. 29th July, 1933,

GREAT OVTRAL RAILWAY. SUNDAY EXCIUTISIONS.E RY SUNDAY during August to Lowton St. 'Marva. Culcheth and Glazehrook at a fire of siapence,leaving Et Helens at B A.m., 243 p.m.. Haydn& 8.7 a.m. 2.50 p.m., Ashton-in-Makerfield 8.12 am. and 2.54 P.m. Per times of return see posters or hancibills. • SAM FAY, Gener.:l Manager.

W ARRINGTON AND DP,TRICT AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY. PRESIDENT : SIR GILBERT GREENALL, BART. VICE-PRESIDENT: J. ST. VIGOR FOX. Esq. FOURTWENTH ANNUAL SHOW, WILL BE HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WARRINGTON, ON THURSDAY. AUGUST 13TH, 1903. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS, VALUE £750, POLO PONIES, JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES, CATTLE, BUNTERS, Ake_ KINGSTON MILLS PRIZE BAND. ADMISSION: ONE SHILLING. Gardens. Park and Show Grounds closed at 7 p.m. BERESFORD MELVILLE. Sec., 23. BOLD STREET. WARRINGTON. Omnibuses will leave Bridge-street and Sankey-stre.t, Warrington, at frequent intervals for the Show. Fare each way, 3d.

TE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, MUlliCiDal Offices, WarrifigtoG.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. MOVEMENT OF SWINE. NT' OTICE IS HEPERY GIVEN, that the REGULA- TIONS MADE BY THE LOCAL AUTHORITY OF THE COUNTY OF CHESFER. on the 12 h day of July, 1901, ARE STILL 1N OPERATION, and which Regula- tions prohibit the MOVEMENT OF SWINE INTO THE DISTRICT OF THE LOCAL AUTHORITY except upon a License grantei by an Inspector of such Authority. aod also further prohibit the MOVEMENT OF SWINE WITHIN THE DISTRICT OF SUCH AUTHORIry, except upon a declaration made by the owner of the Swine. Full particulars and Forms of Lincenses and Declara- tions on bc obtained at all Police Stations in the County. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire County Council. 27th July, 1903. DISTRICT.—Tne District of the Local Authority of the County of Chester does not ' include the City of, Chester. or any of the Boroughs,either wholly or partly, within such Coun'v. PENALTIES.—Anv offence aeainst the above Requla- tions is deemed an offence against the Act of 1894 ,which renders the offender liable to a reaalty of not exceeding TWENTY POUNDS.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— The PARR HALL COMMITTEE of the Corporation of Warrington. are PREPARED to RECEIVE TENDERS for an ELECTRIC FAN. Specification and particulars can be obtained on applica- tion to the Borough Electrical Engineer, Electricity Works. Howley, Warrington Tenders endorsed "Tender for Fan" must be sealed and addressed to the Chairman of the Pair Hall Committee, Town Hell. Warrington, and delivered not later than 12 o'clock noon on Monday, August 10th, 1903. ni The committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall. Warrington.

COUNTY ASYLUM, RAINHILLPROIILBI TION AS TO VISITING IS WITHDRAWN. rATIENT 1 CkN NOW BU VISITRD by their Friends in the usual manner. Bainbill Asylum, 25th July, 1903.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF' WARRINbTON.— MUNICIPAL BYR-ELECTION. 1933. • TO THE ELECTORS OF ST. JOHN'S WARD. LADIES AND GENTL EM FN, lam deeply grate-tut to you the electors nr St Joha's Ward for having conferred upon me the honour of becoming one of your representatives in the Town Council. AU who recorded their votes in my favour I would especially thank. also, the many faithful Ntorkers who assisted in bring'ng about such a glorious victory for the Non-trading movement to which I am a strong adherent. I shall strive to carry out the duties now devolv- • lng upon me as a Town Councillor to the best of my abilities, and I hope to so perform the work that my Constituents will not rsgret having rapused their trust in me. Again thanking you, I am. LAJIPS AND GENTLEMEN. Your Obedient Servant HENRY THORNTON. The Laurels, Fearnbead, Near Warrington. July 31st, 1903.

LAN GLAN DS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PRINCES 3 LOUISE " OR OT HER STEAMER, Prom LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. Wed. Aug sth 8.30 p.m. Mon. Aug. 3rd 2 p.m. *8 25 p.m. On Aug. 10ih 10 p.m. Fri. Aug 7th 2 p.m. *5.23 pm. Pri. Aug. 14th 2 p.m. Wed Aug. 12th 2 p.m *6.30 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington. Widnes, etc. ORDINARY FARES FRO Bi LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single, lls lieturn(valid for two rnonths).l6s 6d. Steerage, dingle, 5s 6d. Eptctsr.. RET URN TICK ET& —(Valid for 10 days), Cabin. 148 ; Steerage, 8s 3d. M. LANGLAND 3 AND SONS, 14. CROSS-STREET. MANCHESTER. IG. RUM PORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

ALLAN LINE.—TO CANADA, UNITED STATES, RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. „..OITIE OF OXFORD—Calcutta Aug. 4 33 AVARIAN Quebec anol Montreal Aug. 6 Q7Y OF BOM PAY Si. John's Halifax and Phil Aug. 8 kirrY OF LUCKNOW Bombay and liar‘chi Au, 10 lONIAN Quebec and Montreal Aug 13 OCEAN RATES—To Canada. Saloon from £lO. Second Oatin. £7 10s. ; Third Class £5 Us. To India, £37 10s.and e 27 10s. For full rarticulars apply to ALLAN Ornexii.lo3,Leadenhall street. London. E.C..'and 19. James-street, Liverpool. -711

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ..c.`4. ,s, ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) N. BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 215 p.m. - p9viaLAs to BARROW-8 30 a.m. Itef.rn,r laves Warrington v'a train in eiriiii€ atoll WI! Preston at 10.55 an.. Special, ‘ , Cheap return fares fiom Warringtai ;-:2 First class and Saloon 24s Od J Trains rust Third clasp grid SialoOn.,.: 15i fi,d alongside Third, clase,an.4 Fore Cablqls Bt Steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.--DIROU AR TOUR Tickets available Tot/Mug via Barro* and ij6turning via Liverpool or Fleet- Wc;=, or vice vercr, cari. tio* be obtained at following Fares:— First-claes and Saloon 194 fid Third-41as5 and Saloon 14s Od .r. ThlrdAllase and Fore Cabin 10s Od This journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes). Furness Abbey or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE.—The magnificent express steamers " DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE "and "DUCHESS OF BUCOLBUOU " %vat be on tha service &wins the season. Tourist note book boat free 2d.--JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow. _._

LIVERPOOL ANT) NORTH WALES.—REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Sun lays included). By paddle- steamer "St. Tudno," daily leaving Prince's Landing( Stage (weather and circumstancesl permitting) at 10-45 (Satur- days 11 0 a.m.) a.m, for Llandudno Beaumaris, Bangor and Menai Bridge returning at 3.30 p.m.. end from Llandudno, at 5.15 p.m due back about 730 p.m. ,lixtra by St. "Myles Saturdays at 10 0 a.m. and `) 0 h.m. for Llandudno also at 1.30 by P.S. Snowdon for Llandudno and Straits Every Sunday at 10.41 a.m.St. Tudno Or Llandudno and Menai Straits due bsck 7.30 p.m., 11.10 (,!;wl. St, Eivies for same place due back 8 p.m.. 2.3 C p.m. nnowdon, for all places with afternoon Excursion Bookings for Llandudno and back. Bank Holiday, Monday 3rd August, St. Blvies at 9 15 a.m. for Llandudno and Holyhead (connecting at Llandudno for Menai Straits and Carnarvon). Tuesday 4th August, Early Bnat from North Wales St. Blyies due 10.15 a.m. returning t.t 230 p m., Isle of Anglesey Trip 'Thursday 13th August. St. Elvles at .15 am due b tek 8 p.m. Through Bookings. For all further information apply to the Liverpool and North ,N3Vales st‘Ntmship Company, Ltd., T G Brew. Secretary, 40, aPel street, Liverpool. Through Bookings Daily by neshire Lines and on Sundays by Express Train leaving warrington at 9-45 n.m. official Guide post free 3d. Week- ends Hotel and Boat inclusive from 21s. - - -

GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY kIRELAND). TOUR IRELAND 600 MILES OF TRAVEL FOR £l. comBINED TRAVEL AND HOTEL TICKETS. A WEEK FOR £2 73. FOR LIST Or Toults , TICKETS, &C., APPLY TO R. W. S. McALPINE, IMPERIAL C RANI-ft ERS , 62, DALE STRRIIT, LIVERPOOL.

V ILFRID fAYLOR BEG-8 TO ANNOUNCE THAT HE WILL OPEN THE SHOP, 18 BUTTEDIARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. (Two Dooms FROM THE ARCHWAY) ON WEDNESDAY NEXT. THE STH INST., AS A FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER.

IMPORTED SIRENA CIGARS. 30. EVERY BOX GUARANTEED. T • UDLOW AND CO., CIGAR MERCHANTS. (BETWEEN PARR'S BANK AND CENTRAL STATION), WARRINGTON.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, , BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESIIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

—....A.....—...... 11/IR. Itlll. S. AWS 4.11YF RPIBIN FADS anldglCHnEq! t I rerr3s wThHokhNa riCe been eeh n I so KINDLY SYSI ?ATLI EITIC with hint and his children in their sorrow.

PHONOGRAPH RECORDS. REDUCTION AT WADSWORTH'S. GOLD MOULDED EDISON Is. 6n. EACH, COLUMBIA LP. THREE FOR 4s. FRESH ARRIVALS. WADSWORTH'S, PIANO DEPOT. 59, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THB PRICE IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT 85. 6d. AND NO MORE FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECONDHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, ETC. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY. POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT 71. DXFORD ROAD, NEAR ALL SAINTS' MANCHESTER.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered tct the Rahn 3. Sold by all Grocers and Druggiste,l Canister 64.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDHS ND EON. LTD WaRRINGTON ESTABLISHRD 1833.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- L. 7 TERNS for our Celebrated Ns, 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid. QERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! k..) Every workman should have on of HACIUB'S cele- brated 4e. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool.

HAIR COSIIIINGS made up 2/- per Oz, COVERLETTE TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. 35/6 T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

I.OBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. MORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRBET, INANOHRSTBR nstahllshed 69 Yestra

C 1 GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S tam) AND BITTER AL/RI ALLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' wiNWII7II ROAD. WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottler. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWBIT STREET.

ROBERT I OWL ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER 8c VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. I, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. Cie ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnitme, warehoused.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAN, NBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMiTHS, 17, RICHMOND-UW.OSi, WHIT/Milk?", LiViIfIPOOL, Ohe Minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Propert, of every description. OLD GOLD EIND WINER BOUGHT. All ttansactiOns in accordance with Actor Parliament. Strictest secrecy and Stra_l_gt.fOrwatd dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), BronSes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, ao., &a.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BiIInAINS Its DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GiCNTLEMENI RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac.. &c We respectfully solicit intending purchatieta to thtrat our Stock before deciding on their purchasea. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PBOMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS. Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. 'LAIN E'S RICHMOND MEET, LIVERPOOL.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR Y.; MORRELL'S "i:‘,.‘e IN IN I( S (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! bad wholesale from SAM N. GREEN, MARKETPLACE, WARRINGTON

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS (IF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They'are' the test linoscn Remedy for ANsemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after ?d eals, Loss of A ppetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depresroon. Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailmcnts, Boxes 9id, Is lid, 2s 9d. tla ed. arid lie, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Pi oprietor. Only Address : 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL, LONDON.:W.

‘VILCOCK AND 8 A I)LER (LATE WITH MESSRS. J, tt W. DUTTON), TO MEET THE COMPETITION OF SUMMER SALES, AND HAVING NO SOILED OR SURPLUS STOCK TO OFFER, HAVE DECIDED THAT FOR FOUR WEEKS, COMMENCING emee6h.t WEDNESDAY NEXT, JULY 151 H, THEY WILL lALLOW ITZ-7 =al A SPECIAL CASH DISCOUNT OF 1/6 IN THE t OFF ALL GOODS IN THEIR UP-TO-DATE STOCK Or= FURNISHING & HOUSEHOLD ,;DRAPERY, BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, CARPET SQUARES, STAIR CARPETS, RUGS, MATS,"Pc:, EXCEPT LINOLEUMS WHICH INSTEAD WILL BE MEASURED AND FITTED FREE OF CHARGE. ALL GOODSUAREZMARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. UNION BANK BUILDINGS, ENTRANCE: CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON •

EIGHT GUINEAS, THAT IS THE PRICE OF OUR LATEST EYE OPENER. IN CYCLES. LADIES' & GENT'S COVENT Y CYCLES WITH (FREE WHEEL :AND TWO RIM BRAKES. .FULLY GUARANTEED. ALSO " EXCELSIORS " AT 10 GUINEAS "PREMIERS" AT 12 GUINEAS. MOTOR CARS AND MOTOR CYCLES ALWAYS:IN STOCK. JOSEPH S GARLAND, 51, 53, & 55,.. BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON;

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WA.ICITES. (EY ALL THE LEADLTM MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRTPTIoN. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old fold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. blowsy advance on Jew°limy, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c.. to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. _ TELEPHONE, 2061.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, 'BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOIE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING ZSHOEc. IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

M.C.D. J U VENILE SUITS ) FROM M.C,D. NEW DESIGNS 2/9 M.O.D. YOUTHS' SUITS ) FROM FASHIONABLE CUT. 8/6 M.O.D. MEN'S SUITS ) FROM M.C.D. LATEST STYLES. 18/6 M.C.D. M C,D. ALL THE NEWEST STRIPES AND FANCY PATTERNS. M.C.D. • NI C P ThE M.C.D. BESPOKE DEPARTMENT. MEN'S SUITS TO MEASURE FROM M.C.D. MANCHESTER CLOTEIING DEPOT, 8, AND m, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

EsiiAtLisiltD 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFCO.L, FRAM', MAKER AND FRUIT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &O. Terms Moderate, A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIO.I2OGEAPHE tor Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ittarbtnern, etc. GAS BNGINES. Robittson's "IHR " Gss Engines ire reliable and easy to pat down. —Renficsort, Great Bridgewater Strekt. Manchester.

PATBNTS Obtained Daily. Provisional protection, 40s inclusive. Noted for moderate charges. Special quota- tions for foreign r,tents. Write for price list free by post —BRONINEAD AND Do.. Licensed and Registered Patent Agents, 121, Colmore Row, Birmingham.

GOOD SWINGING CRANE, complete, good order, cost £lOO ; lift 5 tons ; sell very cheap ; room wanted. Also 5 feet 2 in Vertical Boiler.good order.insure at 50 or 60Ib, pressure. Picksley Simms Steam Hay Cutter, cost £2O. for £4. Horizontal Engine, 3or 4 horse, good order, for £4. One Hundred Brass Cups all sizes for Traps, Carts, Lurries ; cheap.—GALWLY, 18, Waterloo street, St. Helens.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMITRD (late Ortnerod, 17 Grierson and Co.). Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns itc., telopging to the late Henry Wren and Co., Londoo•road Iron Works, Manchniter, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kin. of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguee of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grleraon. Manchester."

PATE,NT OF FlO MANCHE bT EBTABLISHED IN 1E35. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than dO years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpassess practical knowledire of the ootton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, CM., & SON, M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARB, MANCHESTER.

ICE! ICE ! ! ICE !! ! THE WARRINGTON PURE ICE CO. ARE PREPARED TO SUPPLY ARTIFICIAL ICE OF BEST QUALITY, IN LARGE OR SISIALL7QUANTITIE FACTOR 17: JOHN STREET, WARRINGTON.

REDUCTION IN UTIEESE, FINEST CANADIAN ONLY 6D. PER LE. JOHN ASh'LEY, FAMILY GROCER, 61, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

DIARR WE A DURING THE LAST HALF CENTURY EVERYONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMBS HAS MADE A POINT OF CARRYING SOME DR. J C OLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE SO AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMMEDIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF MARRH(EA DYSENTERY, CHOLERA ETC. HOT WEATHER IS DUE IN THE BRITISH ISLES, AND EVERY-ONE SHOULD TAKE A LITTLE PRECAUTION. DON'T WAIT TILL YOU ACTUALLY WANT THE CHLORODYNE ; YOU MIGHT BR DRIVEN TO SENDING AN IGNORANT MESSENGER FOR THE MEDICINE YOU REQUIRE, AND SOME SUBSTITUTE MIGHT BE PUSHED ON HIM. YOU WANT DR. J C OLL IS BROWNE'S CIILORODYNE.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria &z.. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCI: RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. ...LAIMS PAID £4,500,009 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented ;aistricts• AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rct,Latchford St Helens Ur. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGRThe Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.MooriId House

ITIGH-OLASS DAIMLER MOTOR OA.REIt AGE can h hired by day or week; experienced chaffeur.—Apply ETCHELLB. Cecil street, Greenheys, Manchester. Tele- phone 3155.

MOTOR CYCLRS built with Chafer, lan, U.S.A. or other fittings ; Minerva, 4 h.p., £3B, 2 b.p., £42 10s, with torecar cane ba,aket ; Upholster; £55; forecar fitted to any motor cycle; list two starnps.—AlTlEN, Frodsham.

TA 0 NOT BUY CYCLES or accessories until you have seen our 1903 new list of 350 articles. We hold the largest stock of cycles, blames and accessories in North London, in- spection'oricorrespondence invited, established 11 years.— List, !masterpiece of competition, post free, from NEWTON & Co.. 5 Blackstock road. London, N.

GBNT'S HIGH-GRADB SAFSTY for Sale ; brain; new at Christmas; not soiled ; free wheel, rim brake, silver-plated rin.s. Dunlop licensed tyres ; latest 1903 ; all accessories ; elegant machine ; cash urgently required ; sacrifice £4 188, the lot ; approval with pleasure; worth double.—K. Gut., Waveney-villa, Beach-road, Iffestoa-super- Mare.

SLADE AND CO'S., SPECIAL:TY FOR 1903 SEASON. GENT'S CYCLE FREE WHEEL AND RIK BRAKE GUARANTEED THROUGHOUT FOR 12 MONTHS TYRES IN- CLUDED. PRICE £7. L ADYS 10S. EXTRA. 57, BOLD .STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MOTORS. CLARENDON MOTOR CYCLES, 21, 21, AND 3 H.P. CLARENDON MOTOR CARS, MULFORD TRAILERS AND FORE-CARS. JOHN MELBOURNE LTD., WILDERSPOOL IRON WORKS, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 122.

OOUTRPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CIIAPEL-,STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

DO NOT SELECT YOUR MOTOR BICYCLe: BEFORE INSPECTING OUR STOCK. New Models just in of " QUADRANT " MOTOR " TRIUMPH " " ROYAL EN FIELID " and BIGYCLES. KN.,' all fitted with 2 Horse Power Engines. We snail be pleased to give any information if you will favour us with a call. ALSO LATEST PATTERNS of "LEA- CYCLES. FRANCIS." " TRIUMPq." "ROYAL ENFIELD"" SUNBEAM" and "SPARK- BROOK" C YCLES. INSPECT OUR TEN QUINEA. Machines (Lady's and Gents) Fitted with Dunlop Tres, F..ee Wheel and Two Rim Brakes; Secondhand Bicycles from £2 10s. EASY PAY- MENTS. LISTS FREE. A few shop soiled Machines now being offered at greatly reduced prices. 1-11TCHINGS LIMITED, 74, BOLD-STREET. AND 165, DUKE-STREET,I LIVERPOOL.

London Road tt Gaythorn. rpines SToolil 'K ' - Sk 1 ,I.'. -1. 011 -ES OY -1. PURR 'TUBE at Ist. 224, 281-, 38i. 50. 75, ICO, 200 up to 1 000 guineas, speetallc augmented for this sale, are in point of Tt'scellence. Durability and VALUE the VERY BEST OBTAINTA.BLE, They represent a CLEAR SAVING- -010 50 PIM CENT. as compared with others. Full parti- culars post free. PI TTS' S St ouli FAKING 'SALIT.-Tasteful Dining-room Suite in Utrecht Velvet, £8 Bs, cost , double. Another elaborately carved covered in Lister's Velvet, cost £2O, kr £lO 10s. Genuin e Oak Suite, pro- fusely carved, cost £24, ior £ll lie. Walnut Suite in rich , Oriential Saddlebags, cost £25 for £l2 12s. A most ornate Suite in Walnut and real Leather. cost £27, for £l4 14s. Brown Oak Suite, in Saddlebags and Vel vet, cost £3O, for ' £l5. Spoonback Suite, in maroon skins. cost £3O. for £l5 15s. Grand Suite, Mahogany and Morocco, cost £35, for £lB 18s. Another, Walnut, £l9. . .. DITT S '8 STOCKTAKING SALE.-Natty Side- board for £3 15s, larger one £4 156. Real Walnut . Sideboard, chastely ',arced panels. numerous bevelled plate. . cost £l2, for £6 6s. Another tine and bold, £8 Bs. Real , beauty in genuine walnut, handsomely carved, £9 108. • Massive Lofty Sideboard, in mahogany, co.t £25. for £l2 12s. - Grand Walnut Sideboard, cost £3O, for,£l4 14s. Magnificent Oak Sideboard, fit for a mansion, cost £4O, for £l9 19s. Several others up to £OO each. Dintog Table, sutnitantial * white top. 27s 6d. Real Oak Dining Table, cost £5, for • £2 15s. Genuine Mahogany one for £3 15s. Walnut ditto, , Cost £lO, for £5 be. . P 1 PTS 'S - SPOCIITaKiNG SALE.-Cabinet, • , tasteful design, watt £B, for £3 10 s. Another, larger. , £4 15s, Chippendale 'Cabinet, nurnero us mirrors, carved brackets, &c. cast £l2. for £8 63. Inlaid Rosew,,od Cabinet, cost £l6. for £8 Bs. Chippendale Dark Mahogany, cost £2o' . for £lO 103 French style, very choice, cost £25 for £l3 13s: . Overmantel. nett design, £3 10s ; more elaborate; £3 10s cost . double. Walnut Overmantel, very nice ly finished, cost £lo,_ for £4 15s. Genuine Oak, chastely ca rveci, cost £l5, for 4' £5 10s. Coal Vase, attractiva desl4n, fine mountings, cost .. -- £3 • for 27s 6d. Another, cost £l. for £2 2.. dare Selection P 1 Trs 's sTooKrA.tusa SILE. -Walnut Bed- room Suite, all requisil e articles, cost £l6 fcr £8 Bs. Another, cost £tB for 21) 10s. Satin Walnut cuite, cost £23 for £ll 116. Mahoxany Suite, consists of roomy wardrobe, with bevelled plate glass door, dressing chest, with bevelled swing mirror, .iswel noxes, washstand with marble slab, tile , back, with bevelled plate over, pe testa! rail, and two chairs : • 4 cost £24 to' £l2 12s. llanisc.-ne Ash Suite, cost £3O for £l5. . tieaut•iful Walnut Suite, cost £35 for £l7 17s. Magnificent , Italian Walnut Suite. cost £4O for £,,3 Vs. Noble Satin Walnut Suite, cost £5O for £27 10s. Extremely rare Walnut Suite. pl.ofusely cart/ -d nau.els, fine design. Bnd - I, spants workmanship, cost £6O for £32. Richly figured ,ogany . Mahogany -tine. cost E. 7 i for £36. Grand Dark 31 Chippendale Suite, ,:eost £93 for £l5. Scores of others. . ornate SkMUEL PIT rs, MANCHESTER. LoNnoN it ,Ao ( krd wick and Longslght Cars). 1 GAYE Li ORN (all City iload oars pass door.), 11, G. bIIS hen 1831. Nati (mai Telephone 1123.

A r•-- '''.4, ..,...,-,:,..' • . :.. . f :-,yv .• ' r " ~ •7„, #4-iipit., . ..... .. ..‘,... . GOOD ' FOR 4' BLOB , , ‘ coNtSoLATi Z,-.• ~„,,. •;t: IU,AI\ a1,...4 ..,i' • 44/E. T•n. bAST a 1 % VALUE It 'r ------, ,4 - ; BRITISH CICAS 0 i''`i''' ^'',47-• ' . 'l5- ONAINASLt -,‘ 4 \\\l‘i t :'''r4--atiirt g 113 ( \ 1 , , -) ~,,„a, $,..; .. • * ,r,,•4'''' `'Z',-,A 14804,1< ::••.:' -.4 '' - 0 , (:71C0--• -.- . .....„. t.....,--, .... i I. _.._._.,A , --„c---, , CZ/Nrl teh,t,,,,, ' 1 L4' ' 1 . d.,-- ......./ `k> •••••Pt5t,,,...... LAVIS.S 8R.05. EP COVE

AGENTS Josepli Beswick, Horsemarket St., WARRING W. SHAW Jun. Top Looks, Runcorn. S. JEAvONS. 21, George St., St. Wiens. CULSHAW, 38 Bur—couth St, Ormskirk. AND OF ALL TOBACCONIST.

CHARLES WOLF'S Gents' Solid Gold Alberts from 25/- each. Warranted. Engagement,& Wedding Rings A SPECIALITY. ' WHEN IN LIVERPOOL VISIT CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Watchmaker & Diamond Merchant, ONLY ADDRESS: 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL., Marvellous TALKING MACHINES All kinds. Archer & Sons 5 St. Cecrge's Crescent Castle Street, Liverpool

- )1... A\ • 1..:""1\2L.N.01111101° ' 4'!- 0 ----5- • ~ _ 'to - --".......,:..... ... ...f.‘ ---1, ' £2O

Casumen su Is the most staining Food on earth. COMPLETELY lIRMOVE9 IN DTrih'iTlON, CON- STIPATION. UNIQUE for ANsE eI. FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, MABEL'S-4. RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Writo for free sanspl3 of CASUMEN, with LANCET retort and full ,articular. ilb post free 18.—PHIDEAUX'S FOOD CO.. MOT- . emor. nnttslET nr th•••,n,,h pt I'.

A ,FAMILY'S WASHING is now done quicker Li. better, and cheaper by Wing BRADFORD'S IMPROVHO 'VOWEL' WASHING MACHINE, than by anY other way. See Catalogue of our NEW VOWEL XL S' Combined Washing, Wringing, and AT Agling Machine. Price £4 155. od. Cash Discount. Carriage Paid. THOMAS .BRADFORD & CO, 540-42, High Holbo*n. London; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; 130, Bold strt4t. Liverpool: and Salfc2!El.____-----• OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT- ; Best Price Giveu.—BRADLEY, „

A Delicacy Ready. • MITCHELL'S BONELESS I 4. Pressed .•414, 111410 •," • ' COOKED ,NiCfr Bacon - • DAINTT, TERMING, and READY FOR TARIM. From all Grocers. or a sample, (4 lhs.) direct carriage paid for 3s. Bd. Postal Order. MITCHELL% Ltd., 8. Victoria Street. Liverpool.

SUIT, I isort, IS VO. per week For 55. down, and 7 rnonthl parmentr of 59. each, making a total of 403. fcr a suit your local tailor would charge you 609. for you can have our well-known CORONATION SERGE In Blue, Black, or Greys. Send tc-day for patterns and self- measurement forms, to C. E. WRIGHT and Co, 649, Attercliffe-rd,, Sheffield. CArriage paid on all orders. Wt. guarantee all goods to tit, 100 ' smart, and well-ntade. I-lease mention this paper.

stdotk% ttisintsos. etc. FdIED FISH and CHIP POTATO BUSINESS to be die- posed of.-93 ST OSWALD'S ST, Old Swan, Liverpool. CONFBOTTONRRY BUSINESS FOR SALE; oven on level.— 29. EGERTON-STREET. Moses Gate, near Bohm.

09NADA.—Splenelid improved farm for sale, fully stocked V and fenced £1,650, Particulars CHAMI3ERLIN, 12 Oakden Street, Kennington, London.

L'IRUITBRBR'S and Greenwrocer's BUSINUSS for Bale as 1 a Going Concern; steady trade; owner giving up.-26. BEBBINGTON ROAD, New Ferry, Birkenhead.

HOUSE FURNISHING BUSINESS, well known 10 miles round, well equipped, window show of 48ft. wide. in the heart of the town very large show rooms, all modern saleable stock at valuation about £1,0:0 , will accept half cash and rest selured to immediate customer ; yearly turn- over about £3,C00 ; rent £130; also smart Cabinet Works (cheap), with machinery and sheds, stable, house.—Full particulars and to view, 40 MARKET STREET. Wigan. DOES YOUR BUSINESS NEED STIMULATING? Are _ you doing the amount you might do ? Whether you are or whether you are not we can assist you to do more. In what particular way is plainly told if you send a request on your trade paper for our new and interesting booklet" Ad vertising for Profit." It is free.—Address " EXPERT. N.C.C. 47 Fleet street, London, B.C.

itpartments ,Ifurnfs bet 30otiot5 e A BICRYSTWYTH---Apartments: healthy Situation, close to sea.—Mrs, POWELL, 4, Portland Street.

ST. ANNBS.—Mrs PILLING,IO,St David's road,S : public and private Apartment.; piano; bath ; near station and sea. QT. ANNES-ON-THR-SBA.- Mee. DUCKWORTH, Grainier House, St Alban's road; bath, piano ; terms moderate.

DUBLlN.—Oomfortable APARTNIHNTS, five minutes . from G.P.O. ; terms moderate.—Mrs. M'ISSAsom, 69 Elessington street. MORECAMBIL—A.PARTSIBNTS with or without board; near tram, train, and sea.—Mrs STA.NBFIELD, 25, Boston road.

SOUU TPORT.—PubIIc or'private APARTMENTS; 21 per bed ; cycle accommodation ; very central. Mrs. SHIPLEY 6. Derby read.

NEVIN, North Wales —To Let for September. Furnished or APARTMENTS; three minutes to beach.— DAVIES, liesebill.

BLA.CEPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMEN rs ; near South Shore Station, trams, and Victoria Pier.—ilowsos, 78, Station road. XTORTH WALES.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; facing .1..11 sea; terms moderate:—Mrs. ROBERTS, 4. Marine terrace, Old Colwyn.

BARR.—Healthiest part of MORECAMBIL—M RS WILCOCK Seabourne House, Seabourne road; sea and mountain views ; home comforts.

SUARBOROUGH.—Comfortable APAHT3IIOIT6 ; one minute from station; near tea ant spa.—Apply 11, BELLE VETE TERRACE.

11. ocpub.LYJ. road. South Shnre, btlee)a,n2l Cprjvsatatel APAUTISIENTS, Piano. A PARTUHNTS TO LIU 2 sitting, 4 bed rooms . splendid /A sea view ;close to Mose golf links: SEA.;BANK HOUSE, Penrbyn Bay, Llandudno.

B LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APART ANNTd. near Talbot road Station and sea; GRICE (from St Helens), 27 General street.

BLACICPOOL.—Superior AFAR VAIIINTS, with or with- ") out board; near se,a, stations and amusements.— PALMER. 93. Albert-road.

APART3IHNTS.—St. Annes-ou-the-Sea, Misses FIELDEN (from Todmorden), 76 Hastnor House, St, Andrews road South. near Station and Sea.

MRS CROWDRR.3I, Harrington Street, New Cleethorpea Comfortable Home. Public or private rooms. Facing Sea. Minute from train or car.

DOUGLAS.—HARwoon's Hiclamond House, 8, limpire Terrace, Central Promenide : Apartments, with or without board : terms moderate.

()LACE:POOL—Nice APARTMENTS, very central; ne,r /1 the sea, North Pier, Tower and ,Gardens.—MlLLs, Stanley House, 150 Church street.

VOXTH WA.LB3.—FURNISHHD HOUSRS to Let or Sell 11 apartments or board reeommendel.--MIA.cssToNE AND Co.. House Agents. Colwyn Bay.

BRIGHTON.—Lady's House Furnished, excellent position £2. Shops and Villas £26 to £9S—YOUNG HOLBECK AND SADLFR, Auctioneers. Brighton.

TLANDUDNO.—AP&RTHHNTS, public or private ; sea .1 view ; close to pier and station ; central to amuse- ments.—Mrs. Gomm?, York House.

PLAUIit 001..—Putdie and private ArArt.l:sl.2SN'l'd over- .l_/ loJking Winter Gardens. piano.—Mrs. J. ANDREW (late cf Littlemon), 45 Adelaide street.

A PART/SIB/US TO LET; clean, homely, two minutes 11 from L and Y station. Piano, Every comtort.—Mrs. THOMAS. 7, Hawesside street, Southport. _ - - A BREYSTWYTIL—APARTMENTS facing sea, perfect tt sanitation, well recommendel..—Stamp,Mrs WILLIAMS, Glan-y-Werydd. 1, South Marine Terrace.

it I ISS MALONE Nuttall. Bamsbottom, Lancashire, has ..131 Sitting and two Bedrooms to let ; terms moderate ; healthy district, amidst beautiful scenery.

fedi ORFA NEVIN. North Wales.—To Let. SUPERIOR •P Farmhouse Furnished. or APARTMENTS; Midway 15iovin. Portinlieyn.—DAVLES. Plasyrlgheidio.

VISITORS TO DUBLIN cln be comfortably accommodated V at 28. FONTENOT STREET, Off MOOntiOy street ; conveni- ent to Park and G.P.O. ; terms le. per night.

MRS. R. H. ASHWORTH. Hawthorne House, 10, Alex- andra road, West Find, Moreeambe. Apartments. bath, sea view; four doors from the Promenade.

13 HAUMARI. ANGLBSBY.—COMFORTABLH APART- MENTS. In nicely furnished schoolhouse ; large airy rooms; terms moderate.—Apply A. RoBERTa.

Q CARBOROUGEL —A PARTM RNTS ; one minute from 10 station, five from sands : terms strictly moderate ; good cooking; write.—liax, 154, Victoria road.

HARROGATIL—APARIMBNTS, close to the Gardens Baths and Wellr ; Very pleasant ; Bath. Terms moderate.—TAyLolt, 27 Valley road.

I)LAOKPOOL.—Mrs REISTREW. 38 Templeton terrace. 1) North Shore,Cornfortable APARTMENTS, twolminutes from sea. Terms moderate Piano.

ATORRCAMBE:—APARTMENTS. MRS. STRINGFELLOW I. (late of Leib). Lathom House, 31, Oxford street, five minutes from L. & N.W. Station, two from sea.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs Uttiey, 94, Albert road. Reasonable APARTADINTh, public or private, clean and homely ; near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

HOUSRS and A.PARTMNNTS to be Let, in PenmTnraawr; one of the prettiest and healthiest seaside resorts on the Welsh Coast.—Apply T and H JONES. house agents.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTNILINTS with or without board; piano; near stations, sea, Tower, Alhambra. Grand, Winter Gardens and Hippodrome.— .1 re J WORTHINGTON. 4, Alfred street.

r LANDUDNO JUNOTION.—Two bedrooms, two beds,and JIA sittingroom ; bath, hot and cold water; good moun- tain views ; private house ; terms rnoderate.—Mrs LEA, 9. Avallon-aveuue.

VIIIINISHRD ROUSH near Delamere Forest, Angus' .12 letb. for one m-ntn ; healthy canntry ; lovely scenery. 3 or 4 bedrooms,piano ; terms moderate.—RooKEßY Norlev, Warriugton.

SOUTHPORT. FOR THR HOLIDAYS-5, Promenade, Miss Joss has resolved to let nbove in Apartments to snit small or large families used to gooelhomes. Children heartily welcomed.

ABRIMOCII—One or two Sitting, three bedrooms, com- manding uninterrupted view Cardigan By: boating, fishing, absolutely ssfe bathing.—Mrs WILLILMS, Penybwich Abersoch, nearPwlihell.

910 BA LBT, in Bowness and Windermere, a great variety 1 of Furnished and Unfurnished HOUSAS, of eVery description, at very reasonable rates.—Apply G. THOMPSoN, House and Betate Agent, Bowness.

VPLACKPOOL—Mri LORD. Haves Cliff e, 47 Warbreck road, 11 North Shore; Three minutes tram and tea; Superior APAkTMENI'S public and private in healthiest part; Hireellent smoking ; Terms moderate.

QOUTHPORT.—Mrs. WIIALLEY Romsox, 69, Bath street; kJ comfortable APARTMBNI'd, board or not, public and private. piano; moderate terms; stinny aspect; two minutes from Pier. Promenade and Municipal Gardens.

TIOLACKPOOL.—A delightful holiday at the seaatcle with 13 home comforts, reasonable charges, can he had to perfection by staying with MRS Ducixwonra 16, Vane., road, near Central Statton.—Terrns 2/s per day.for two persons.

apartments, jurnisbeb 30:otorg, etc

I3LACKPOOL.—Mns. 'J. GRAHAM. 45, Livingstone Road, off Hornby Road, Homely accommodation,near Central Station and Pier, Piano.

E3LACK POOL. —Mils, KEMP, Troy House. Brunswick street, Promenade; public and private sitting-rooms : with or without board.

eiLEETts.ORPHS.—APARTMENTS, Sr. LEoss.Rns. Yarra- kJ road ; near sea and station ; feather beds , special terms for numbers ; bathe h.c.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs LEAVER, 13 Blundell street', near Foxhall Hotel, is each person. Boarders 3s 6d., one minute from sea. Piano.

L)LACKPOOL.—Mra BROOK, 10 Rydal terrace, Central 11 road. Bed, cooking and attendance, is per day each person. Near Central Station.

A CCOUCHEMBEt —Refined HOME for Lady with 11 Diolomaed Midwife and skilful nursing,terms moderate. Nurse PARR, 36 Wa/ton road, Liverpool. A LDERLEY BDGB.—MRS. THORNILBY, Tea Rooms, Cborley, Hall-lane, near Trafford Arms, Picnic Parties catered for. Accommodation for Cyclists.

A BBILYSTWITH.—Comfortable APAILTSIBNTS. well Pt recommended; three minutes from station and five from promenade.—Mrs. JoNES, Arfryn. Buarth road.

BLACKPOOL,—Mrs. (Noss. Argyle House, 92, Hornby. road, near Central station and sea; public and private APARTLIHNLS, with or without board; strictly moderate terms.

Oburatton. -UPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING SCHOtiL FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool, REV. D S RENNARD. B.A.

WARWICK ROUSH SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Pyle, Black- pool; excellent education; happy borne; sea and country air.—Principal, Mies ROGERSON.

wBLSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL. Oomfortable home. Lancashire references. Large grounds. Good education 21 guineas yearly. Through trains.

NIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHIOL FOR BOYS. T. IsrisitwooD, Af.A., LL.D., D.0.L., Princi pal.

FAIRHAVEN HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS neat St. Annes-on-Sea Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommt nation fligh-class Modern Education. Staff includes Residen., B.A. Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal: MISS MILLS N.

'AMU) (under 14), REORIVHD in SIiPrEMB ER at small se.side home school at reduced fees, to fill va3ancies. Also child (boy or girl) as companion pupil to boy of 5 Kindergarten. References exchanged.—Reply MENTOR. "Examiner" Office, Warrington.

HARRUGATE.—TRINITY COLLEGIC.—*Ie4 Master, Mr I P HUGEIRS, assisted by resident University men and visiting masters. Fine situltion, modern appliances, cricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good resulti in all Illaaminations.

WEST KIRBY. CHESHIRE.—GIRTON HOUSE SCHOOL, BOARDERS AND DAY GIRLS. Princi- pals : Miss HOCKLY and His: BUTLER. Preparation for all Exams. Music pupils for L.R.A M. Deg. Special Classes for Young Children. Games. Swimming. FIVE GUINEAS PER TERM for first-class board and tuition in a well-known, long established school ; splendid winter climate. Every educational advantage ; 1,000 successes ; certified sanitation ; home comforts ; thorough tuition. Send for testimmials. reference and time- table.—CASTLE HOUBE, High School for Girls, Great Malvern.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M.' Professor of Musio,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificate., and Prizes gained by rupila. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134. LovELr-LANE Warrington.

MANCHESTER R 4 4GattpAili Mut& SCHOOL—FEE, N.B —BOYS BRUSHING OVER 14 YEARS OF AGE PAY ES 55. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS THURSDAY. SEPT. 17ra. Entrance Examination. Wednesday,September 16th,at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, FOR US of APPLICATION, Ac., may be bad at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday. September 21st. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL—The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TR. THE HEAD MASTER WILL BE AT HOME TO INTERVIEW PARENTS ON WEDNESDAY, September 9th. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, ac. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS PROM 8 TO 12 YEARS OF AGE. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

egss, Voultrp, etc.

XTB offer good prices for all kinds of Game and Poultry Feathers.—M BROCKLEMANN & Co, 12 Ropemaker street. moorgate street. 14...n00n, X C.

PURE BISCUIT AlliAL.—Plain, lOs per cwt.; withlmeal, 12s 6d. ; fine chicken meal. 12s 6d. : put on rail ; cash with order.—Eurfa and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street. Liverpool.

PANG LSD Orpington'. Buff and Black Orpingtons, Minorcag, Andalusians, Leghorn., Rocks, Campines and Wyandottes, 3.. doz.—W. Miroß,Borough Hill Poultry Farm, Daventry,

DUCKS.—A few grand young white AYLESBURY DRAKES, from Buckinghamshire eggs, 5s 63, 7. 6d; 10. 6d etch, puked. Ducks 4s Od each. Inspection invited —Jamtcs HOTLE. Booths Hill, Lymm, Cheshire.

HAMPlill containing Chicken, Butter, Eggs, Vegetable., 56 Eld. Double quantity. 103 6d. Cot Blossoms, Is 6d and 2s 6d, carriage pald.—laacoolc, Tervick Rectory, Petersfield

WILCOX'S POULTRY SPIC produces more eggs.keeps fowls healthy. prevents gapes and cramp in chickens; tins 6d and ls post free 8d and is 3d. Try Wilcoes special Game and Poultry Meals 184 and 15s per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. A I. WlLcox, Sandyford, Stone,Staffordshire.

MOLIWKINS, sound, dry, square 21 per doz, and postage paid by return, Mention 1,7. this paper,—BAKEß. Tanner,Chard.

- -- A GENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE, whole or spare t 1 time. Good cimmission ;no risk ; particulars free,— HARRIS, Printer, Crewe.

PEARL COLLECTOR WANTRD, £1 salary and commis- -1 sion.—Apply B. CAIN, Superintendent. 3, Horsemarket street Chambers, Warrington.

DAIRY of well cooled MILK WANTHII, twelve to fifteen dozen daily ; farmers' or bankers' references.—BAßNEB Rms.. 300, Ordenll-lane. Salford.

BLIIR HUNGARIAN BANDS for garden parties, so.— HowAun AYNSTEY. 49 Perham road, Kensington, W. Telegrams, " Aynetey, London."

MILK.—WANTBD, a DAIRY. about 30 gallona per day. must be retrigerated,promot payments. —J. WARBRICX, 8. Bean street. Cameo street. Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTED, either sex, key and isecid.nt insur- ance, particulars stamped envelope.—WlLLlAM J. HAMMOND, 32. Charing Cross, London.

SHORTHAND AND TYPRWHITING OFFICR . VACANCY occurs for PUPIL.—Apply MANAGIBREiIq, B. Podmora & Co., Bewsey Chambers. Warrington.

A GENTS WANTED write for sample of our new filter /A. and splash preventer, UNIVR&L FILTY.R Co., Dept. 60, Sheffield.

A GBNTS RBQUIRED a4llissg on horse owners. Gaylord LI 19 Ludgate HEW, 8.0. Phonographs, agents wanted wholesale lists free. Puotso BxcitANQE. 5, Bond St., Hull.

HOME WORK by the quickeat and latest improved Harrison Knitting Machines. Highest wages earned. Lista free. MARHISON'KNITTING MACHINE C0.,Lvb.,48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

A GENTS WANTED FOR PARKINSON'S PHOTO- IN. GRAPHIC SPECIALITIES. Full or spare time. Male or female.—Apply PARKINSON. Photographer, Queen's Gardens, Warrington.

WRITHRS WANTHD. Copying Wo-k ; 15s and upwards earned in spare time, bend stamped address to WELDoar, 2, Fleet-street, Hull.

WBBKLY salary offered to any persons anywhere able to write, for their evenings and spare moments. For particulars send addressed envelope to ROBERTS, LAWSON & Co, Bverilda, Torquay.

111)HRSONS OF HITHER HEX RRQUIRHD for a simple J. process of tinting prints. postcards, at home; easily acquired, good prices.—Particulars addressed envelope, ART Co., 6 Great James's street, London, W.C. BLIABLH AGHNT WANTHD for sale oc soap powders in JA, bulk amongst hotels, shipping, laundries. to. Refer- ences and RoNioonneetion Indispensable. HTDRoLieINE Co Ashby de-la-Zouch, Leicester,

gliaelfaitous, n.oales, Err.

'VIDE LEGGINGS, strong gloves, belting, leather, send J.: BAKEtt, Manufacturers, Chard. VEER PAIRS of OPERA GLASSES. particulars stamp.— IL PHILLIPS. 132, Sibiu Grove, Bast Ham.

LIUTUitB intended's Pbotogrp, marriage.—Send age, 16 1. starnps.—ANDEßBON, 10 Arnie' st, Battersea, London. /J bALIi, a BATHOHAIR for a child 5 to 12 years old.— k Apply 131 WELLFIELD BT. off Mill lane, Warrington. HANDBILLS 71 a 5 1.000, 3q 6d; 5,000, 7'; 10,000, 118, Other printing equally cheap. Sample tree.—HARRIS- Printers, Creme.

I UMBAGO, Backache and Kidney Complaints cured by _LI taking Gray Oils,' post free 9J, from HemsitooK Som, Chemists, Dover. KRUMATIC RINGS, best quality, covered nine carat IL gold, 10s 64 each. Send size of finger.—KAßE, Manu- facturing Chemist, Nottingham.

S 0 LUTIONS. GLEA.SI & RACIHOH6B, 6d each —Wanted Watson's Soap Wrappers, good price given.— ROLE. 6, Fitzwilliam street, Huddersfield.

CIROQUET. TENNIS, BOWLS. CRICKET and all Indoor V and Outdoor Ga,ces. special Terms to Clubs, LINDOP, 38 Shudehill, Manohest-r.

ANDSOME (9-carat) Gold Horse-shoe Ruty and Pearl Pin. Sale price. 5s 6d; send Is to secure.—DEPT., 12, Atbara road, Teddiugton. Loudon. HARDWARE, Clothing. Furniture Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in TradJa. Catalogue free.— BERRIDGE AND CO. (102), Birmingham.

HAMPISR containing Chicken. Butter, Eggs, and Vege- tables, 5s 6d; cut blossoms Is 6d ; all carriage paid.— LAYCOCK, Terwick Rectory,Peterstleid.

(,;,IBWINCI MACHINES below cost.Britisb make, guaranteed absolutely new, Hand £4. treadle £5 10s. Levermore, Engineers. Ivy Road. W Hounslow.

STANDARD FIREWORKS. WHOLBSALIII ONLY, good profits, quick sale. Send trade memo for list.—THE STANDARD FIREWORKS CO., Huddersfield.

64 MATRIMONIAL POST," sealed sd; with circular 9d. estahished quart..r of a century.—RDlToli, "M; Post," 12, nafalgar Buildings, London, W.O,

'LIMING RODS Is. Is 6d. 25 6d, 35 6d, 45 6d, books, lines, 1 reels, flies, bait live gentles 6d, king's naturals Ed, post paid.—Commr, 242 County roa 1, Liverpool.

200 DRBSS and BLOUSH 14141111115, manufacturer's samples. must clear. stocktaking ; patterns, free.—FEATHER & Co, 5, Cheapside, Bradford. HAND CAMBRA.—No 2 Mig.. 12 plates. R.R. lens, rack focussing, speeds. 1 Sec to 100th; with waterproof case, Ms.—Apply " EXAMINER " OFFICE Warrington.

BIILTING, PASTBNBRS, Graphite, Mica grease, Ohs, Packing. Insertion. Jenkins valves, Bakery fittings,— GENERAL IIiNGINEER'S STohEs, Brayshaws,(72) Stoke.

HOUSES.—A pair of semi-detaehed HOUSES with good gardens; freehold and exempt from land tax.--Apply Joinf ELLams. Town Field lane, Overton, Frodsham.

I AIMS or GENTLBMIIN lovely brown or black hair in Li one night, new invention, stamped address; sample BaErr, 186 St John street, Oterkenwell, London, B.C. OHIP POT&TO and Cook Shop VITTINdS, every variety V Champion Rangers, Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 10C page List free—INIABBOVS, Poland-street, Manchester.

WATER CASKS.—AII sizes and shapes, in splendid con— dition, at low prices.—Apply GILNERT AND JoHN GREENALL Ltd, Distillery, Bridge street, Warrington.

WOODS' CHAMPION CORN CURB quickly removes corns and warts. Boxes 7d and Is. pest free, agents wanted.—WOOD AND Co., 99 Renfew street, Glasgow.

‘VARIid YOUR BATH with patent •• Oslds.." What is It? The safe Geyser. Gives greatest satisfaction. G. SHREWSBURY, Calda Works, Station Road. Camberwell, &R.

r AWES' KNICKERS, is 2fd ; Chemise, Is 6d ;--Night- JLI dresses, 2s ; Fancy Print Blouses, 2s 3d, 3s 3d. Post free. Good materials.—VAßNET, Wholesale Underelothler, Hale. Farnham.

USW& FAO LOWY TO PUBLIC. School Satchels. all 1: leather, 31, carriage paid; write for free catalogue saddlery, Sm.—Roe...mulct, Caldmore. Walsall, Contractor to 11.11 Government. BLACKPOOL—To Sell, two nice little Country COTT MIES ; freehold; semi-detached; close to tram.: six percent; highly deeorated.—Apply, 27. JoaxeoN ROAD, Marton. near Blackpool.

ir ADZES' DIMS LitisilaTilS. 3s. Ild. carriage paid, At Snowflakes, Zibelines, Tweeds. Poplins. e.rmures, Alpacas. Cashmeres. Ac., patterns free.—PEARSO:(B DRESS WAREHOUSE. Leeds.

THB BYBS.—To temove all Inflamation, ,Stickiness after .1. sleep; produce Growth of Byelashes ; Beautify and pre- serve. Send particulars to li,, 80. Beeston-hill, Leeds. Satisfaction guaranteed.

HANDSO Mll WHODING PRESlMT.—bilver-plated Tea- pt, Sugar-basin, and Cream-jug, securely packed for El 10s. Money returned if not approved.—PHlPPs & Co., 199 Si Albans road, Watford.

2 PAIRS N SHUNS, blovernment pattern. excep ,000 tionally light. cool and easy, unequalled for wear, less than cost ; sample pair 3s 6d ; carriage paid.— TAPP. Newland, Northampton, HANDKNROHISFS.-4ent's and Ladies' Hemstitch Irish Lawn Handkerchiefs ; splendid value, 38 gd dozen, post free, on receipt of Postal Order.-11 _v Per Co.. B Dept., 106 Oheapelde. London. "An IS &

j_ A.RGAIN seldom met with, cash wanted, Gent's 18-carat 1.) Gold Rnglish Keyless Watch by '2 Russell, Liverpool, cost 20 guharns, almost new,with 25 years warranty, £l2 15s. —Write L. 221 Seven Sisters road, Loudon, N.

N"TiNG. t HTTING. Rabbit Net., Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, aparsow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every desexiption.Tuomas Jourtsores, Net Warehouse Corporetlon-street. Blanchester.

QTA MMIIRHILS. —A Gentleman, WO for over 30 years was k.../ a most inveterate Stammerer and Cured himself, is anxious to help others similarly aftlictad.—For terms, &c., apply to G. W. COOPER. Goyt Place, Whaley Bridge.

TNDICSTRUOUBLB table-knives, balanced handles, abo- lutely fast, resist boiling water, impervious to acids, non-absorbent, 3s 3id doz. post paid ; sample, 7 stamps:— GEORGE SNOW, Cutlery Merchant, falenfield, Leicester.

6/11 1 GENT'S NEAT KEYLESS oxydised watches Jewelled in rubies, crystal glass,enamel dial,lady's ditto 6. lid, warranty 5 years, chain free, Money back if not approved, only address Dlviza's, 30 Low Hill, Liverpool.

Li OW TO SUCCIIEF).' This new book is absolutely in- dispensable to every person (either sex) who wishes to be successful in any occupation ; published 2s. Price Is 4d post free. Mention paper.—NATURAL Co., 344 Deansgate, Manchester.

Lo HM&TOID ARTHRITIS and Rheumatic Gout It, speedily cured by marvellous new discovery. Splendid results. Moderate cost. BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist, " Ivanhoe," Queenswood road, Birmingham . Advile and testimonials free.

QTIIRILITY in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- ° ment. An Illustrated Ildition, by ft late Seniore Physiman to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s 8d.— London: SHELLEY & CO.. LTD, 38, Girneeehureh-street.

PORTRAITS magnificently enlarged to lile-size (per- manent), Bo.t only; send 2e and portrait. balance 3s when received and approved. Also pet animals week mill' to advertise, usual price 10. 63.—H WALTON, 15 St James's Walk, Clerkenwell road. London, S.C.

WATCHES I W ATCHRS I WATCHES I—My Stock of renowned Swiss nickel and steel Keyless Watches, has been renewed to sell at the cheap rate of 4s 6d. 12fash with order. Special terms to the trade.-0, G. BELLAK Co., 61 Bedford row, London,M.C.

TNDIGHSTION.—The MBDICAL RHFORK ROOMY will send FRB it to all appli.lants isrt excellent BOTANIC CURR for Indigestion. Biliousness. Liver Complaints. Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronchitis.—Address : The SECRE- TARY (Dept. 19), BOTANIC INSTITUTE, Nottingham.

SOLD.—Farnwortb, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure 00, with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold LEtRi, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Ghernical or other works requiring space.—Address J. tioqxrifo, 16 Fenwiak-street, Liverpool.

PIOUS I TINTS I !—Snitable for Gardens. Cricket. or 1. Camping-out purposes. 401 t. in circumference, Pegs, Poles, Mallet, and Lines complete (with tent bag included) I will send one for 30s, carriage paid. Can be sent on approval! Price List of Marquees, any siz.. post fre..e.—Prom H. J. GAssow, Government Contractor Rye.

HAY AND CORN SilllDS.—Steel and Iron Sheds 62 x 241 t. 171 t to eaves, partly enclosed. Price delivered erected £9O ce,sh. or 3 yearly payments of £33. Other sizes in proportion. IFlre-proof, storm-proof, practically indestructible. Thousands in use. Save their cost to farmers In very few years. Lighter Shed £BO--18.s.tc DIxOIN.L.ND Co., Windsor Ironworks, Itdgehill, Liverpool.

FOR SAL.—Rxtracts from the " Flying Roll," the best Book in the World for all seeking truth. It states the cause of evil, how it began, how ft must end ; truth only ; no traditions of men. Sermons I, 11, 111, is. .ach : post— age extra, one sermon 3d., the three 6d —S. DonsoN, 6 Bridge street. Runcorn.

FOUND DEAD. 'IANFORI3'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. "After one dreeslat I found 136 dead next morn- Helathorpe. Leighton. "I killed 200 rata wftb Sanford's Polson."—G. COOK, Farmer. Rllesmere. " I destroyed 146 rats with it."-0. Wit.sox. Offord.—Send 1.. 2d to SANFORD & SONS. Sandy fit. 1340.. old by Chemists.

liiiisrellattous, On tte.

ATS I MICE l—Kaslene 2 destroys.—Send three stamps (sampIe).—KASLENE Co., 6, Carey lane. London. ADINS' DAINTY PLATS ri I ALS tor LI-rouses and Dr ease- IA new Spring colourings, 41 yard. Carriage paid Patterns free.—Daass WAREHOUSE (893) Darlington. 10/6 factoryEAB3C- Pt 01l wearer,i W r e fMadeorto Illustrated from and simple self-measurement torrn.—Hiaars's BESPOKE BOOT FACTORY. Kettnribg.

rrABLII CUTLERY 7 guinea service 12 Table. 12 Cheese I. Knives, Carvers and Steel, Real Crayfnrd Ivory, Balanced through, Tong handles, 21s. 6d. Approval LADY, 6, Grafton Square, Clapham. London.

00K 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY IAJOR Eti sewn very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for 5s 6d per pair; money returned if not approved of,—li. J. GesseN, Government Contractor, Rye. 'LICZRMA.—" DR. WILSON'S HCZIIMA. CURE" give: J 4 Immediate relief and speedily cures torturous skin diseases, ulcerated sores. Jars is. ltd.. treble 2s. i9d.— Principal chemists or Da. WILSON'S AGENCY. 20, Fordham street, Liverpool.

(IN SALIi 45 £1 six per cent. preference shares ;fully k_J paid) in sound Insurance Co.—Write 12 BRADFJRD BTRERT, Rochdale.

riIIIA.FALGAR COLLIERY COMPANY MARTEL), Forest 1_ of Dean. IGloucestershire.—Fifty Fully-paid Ordinary Shares ; average dividends last three years about 30 per cent —JestEt! P. BATH ec Sox, 29. Ranelagh street, Liverpool. Telephone 2613 Royal,

Monty. MONBI.—If you need Honey apply, Sy calling at once or writing, to F. WARD, 1 Hose Hill, Ramsgate. Privacy guaranteed.

MONEY TO MOM up to £10,000; Wanted to Purchase Book Debts, Life Assurance Policies, Syndicate to open up Coalfields, Colliery for Sale.—WlLLiku ARNOLD, Solicitor. Hanley, Staffordshire. 2250,000 AT from 31 per cent, to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowers in any parts of the cluntry.—J. W. READER, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

MONEY UNDER WILLS OR DEEDS.—Persons entitled to Cash or Property at death of relatives, or to Life Incomes.can borrow at 4 per cent, per annum,or Sell,Bll.seae. Mc VITTIE,42, Juba Dalton-street. Manchester. y ONDO and PROVINCIAL LOAN 00.. 46. a. MARKET .14 'STREET. MANOEIERTER, are prepared to make advances to all classes on easy and convenient conditions. Strictest privacy guaranteed. Letters promptly attended to; distance nq object. —tam -WA% •-•" EXPEOTATIONS UNDER W LS.—Persons entitled to money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount. from £4 p.c. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preferred, loan and interest repayable when legacies are paid. No preliminary charges.—Apply MR. PEEL. The Arcade. 85 Lord-street, Liverpool.

Le 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANORD DAILY to all Respect- Xs able househliders, tradespeople,fsrrners, and ell persons worthy of credit, with or without sureties. No fees. Call or write in confidence to the Cheshire Advance Company, 13, Legh street, Sankey street, Warrington; also at 16, Green- wood street, Altrincham.

D"'T BORROW 1N YOUR OWN TOWN where you and the lender are well known. THIC BRITISH PINANGE 00.. which is expressly establi shed.and registered pursuant to Act of Parliament. makes PRIVATIC ADVANCEd to male and female without Loan Office Routine. Interest and repayments Lowest in England. £5 LOAN 2s WEEKLY I £2O LOAN 7. WEEKLY £lO ~ £ls .' Monthly and quarterly payments taken. Letters answered and cash brought to your house•—BRITISH FINANGE co., 45a, MARK/GT-STREET, MANCHESTER.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED, Bstablished 1838, Regidered Oapital, £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFIIIIOE : 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Advances made from 25 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds. Shares, Policies, Reversions. Annuities. Act. £lO Repayable 51. weeeky. Entire interest...Da 14s 9d E5O ~ 20s „ . ~ £3 81 Od , £lOO ~ 4011 .. ~ RS 15s Od Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. Stocks and shares bought and sold, —Furthes particulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 5438 Liverpool. RWARD DAVIES, Manger.

ESTABLISHED 1875. 21.0 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced oa NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. RING-STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13; NEWGATE-STREET. CHESTER. VROM .E 3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TOl .12 GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE .YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEbT RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable 1s 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 6d weekly. £5 ~ 2s Od „ £5O „ 178 6d „ £lO „ 3s 6d £lO3 , 39s 6d For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO,. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Holm, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

AI 0N E Y .-NO FEES. NO FINES. NO .I.YJI SURETIES. NO BILL ON SALE TAKEN. The great secret in borrowing monay is to find a respect- able place where you are honourably dealt with. This old-established office is well known for its respeo.tabil- ity and moderate charge of interest. You can rely on its privacy. Before applying els3where apply and be convinced TO THE MANAGER (J. CALVERT). Claughton Chambers, St. Helens. All letters promptly attended to.

N 0 FINES.—NO SURETIMS. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tradespeople, farmers Scc., for whAtever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonable interest AND EASY REPAY aIENTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFoRwARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUSTOMSRJ ARE WELL KNowN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to H. WOLFE Sc 00., 4. PARKER ST., WARRI.NOTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours; 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to. Head Offioe : 9. CORPORATION ST. MANCHESTER.

OUR MOTTO IS PRIVACY AND LENIENCY. WE ARE WILLING To PROVO TO YOU THAT WE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH A LOAN AT A LOWHR RATE OF INTEREST THAN ANY OTHER OFFICE IN THE DISTRICT. APPLY AT ONCE TO 69, EIAYDOCK ST., EARGESTOWN AND 1, EAST STREET, ST. HELENS/ ESTABLISHED LAST CENTURY.

£5, .C 7 £lO, £2O. .E3O. £5O, £lOO. • ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MIN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN, M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF TELE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN H. GOODWIN. N.B.—Bstablished at this tddress Twenty Years

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKINJ COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. YSTABLISLIED 1837 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COMPANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £Z5,603. LOANS OF £5 TO £590 are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Al.o upon Deeds of Property. Building Society Policies of Assurance, &a, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WADSWORI 121, Mersey Street.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY In large or small some (not less than £10), payable by instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without suretk3s. X; The undersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS, and hss formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone the total amount lent by him EXCEEDEDWI,2SO,OOO ! He has received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICITED /AUTISM OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven year., issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired. will be supplied FICHE OF CHARGE, on application, either personallyor by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, 'LIVERPOOL OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE 20, KENNEDY-ST EET,MANC EI EST F R

ARNOLD AND LEWIS, 7 ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESCHIt. HALL • NIARKED SILVER GOODS. Established 1830. DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOT F'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR' SCOTT'S PILLS 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION. 1)11. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILL MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.

W, . F. WILLIAMS'S ISALE Is NOW PROCEEDING, MILLINERY, BLOUSES, PRINTS, DRE39,E,S. • JACKETS, ETC. BEE WINDOWS IN SANKEY-ST.. AND LE4H-ST , ;WARRINGTON.

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS • Testify that lioldroyd's Gravel Pals are a p • sitive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, and Pains in the 134. ck. Dropsy, Wind, Water Comnisints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Gout. Sciatica, and Rheumatism. Try one box ; if not satisfied money returned. is. 14d. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, CleckLeaton, Yorke.

MARRIED Persons should send two stamps for illustrated booklet of elastic hosiery, belts, trusses, syringes. Enemas, surgical appliances and specialities of every description.—NOßTHEßN SURGICAL & RUDDER APPLIANCE CO., 161, SEVEN SISTERS ROAD, HOLLO- WAY, LONDON. ploig a STEEL _ ;‘. for Ladies'.l PI LLS A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSEDING BITTER APPLE, PM COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, 840. Price 48. 6d, post free. Obtainable only from ri ARTIN, iHEMIST, OUTHAMPTON

i DO you DIZINK LIMEJUICE ? skil' , 07 --7-110,11,---_-- PURE LIME-FRUITJUICE _ rp g , - - --_, - ; ---- 11l . - o'6ve uIaZR-r/I7k - M 61 ' 3 ~,... . THEN DRINK THE BEST ,•sx \\ -\\ s \ \ x

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London-

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND. RHEUMATISM. EIBY EADE'S PILLS. AFTER TWO PILLS SRE FELT RANLICR 26, Rutland-street, Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th, 190?.. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my' wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and wis in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my =rid to try your Pills, and gave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her up from bed when I ame home in the evening. In'two or three days she was lie well again. Yours truly, A. FURD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all inj si at mat`.er. and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, le. 11. and 2s. 91.. or sent post free for str.rnps or P.O. by the proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

. . TOWLE S • = eh- TO BE HAD- °FALL CHEM 1.57.5 IN BOYES /4.2/9, , 0/Wia?SEI/TANYWNERE ON RECEIPTOFISSIORSS STAAPS Br ETTOWLE &C.° 6610 NC RON! NOTT/NCHAN.

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Arejustly celebrated all over the world as the most saf-. and epee dy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other :Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " WALTE,t DR ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. IM. and 2s. 59d. at all Medicine Houses, or poet free from Piaprietor Holford House, Holford-square. London, W.C.

40INTmENTIa+ CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P.: IVATS DENTISTRY TEETH. eintiointments unnecestary,,tint may be' arranged. TEETH. MI consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Inform:dr befc2reliland the wor diet TEETH, Gold ard other fillings at mo.lerate charzes. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendeiiits. TEETH. P-'uless ExotTaViotnrouass hitherto by the EETEI, Maker to Dentists of 1.1,9)01kalleml weekly. o: the IP.tt 13 J. LI lA. A. RIIINv (DENTIST BY EXAM.y: MR. MADDISON A VENDS ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREFII WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. Rn NTnORN, 31. BRIDGE-STREW TiIIIRSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH— _l4, APPLEMARKET-STEVO4 FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

Death. PAGE—JuIy 25th, at Holmefleld, Padgate,. Mary the beloved wife of Henry S. Page, aged 387 No cards. - Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WA,lLl`fil & CO., at The Examiner General Printing, Bew^,3y-street, andbl ished by them at the 01 place,and also at The xamiaer Office, Victeria-r WIDNES, 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3, 315,6red.' . street, EARLESTOWN,inthe County of LancashirA7r also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the Counts' of hire, AUGUST IST. 1903.
