===== 0002601_19030220_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. 52, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER.

J. SHAW & SON invite inspeotion of their splendid STOCK of GEM RINGS, from 20s to 2100. GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, and Long GUARD CHAINS. J. SHAW Jc SON'S Speciality:—Gent's High-class ENGLISH LEVER, WATCHES, 18-ct. Gold, from £ll us. Silver, from 31/6, special value. Large assortment of Solid Silver and ElEctro-plated goods, suitable for Wedding and. Other Presents, Ito.

REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. A staff of competent men kept TELEPHONE NO. 5,267.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL KINDS :OF PRINTING:FOR CONCERTS IEA PARTIES

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. MADE TO ORDER.

JOUN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON

PRINTLYG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS

•IrvIIMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. ~,,AVEMOTI-I POSTERS. LARGE TYPE. .t.'itiMMOTH POSTERS. FOR ZM&4reIOTIT POSTEPS. THE MOST STRIKING MISIOTH POSTERS. POSTER ,tI&MMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the County. MMOTH POSTERS. -- • XAMMOTH POSTE SEWCIALITY. JOHN W ALKEN AND CO I:I;XAMINER PRINTING WORKS TELEPHONE 355 Y

'

===== 0002601_19030220_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
IF YOU WANT A MYSTKRY SOLVED, Suspected Employees Watched, Divorce Evidence, conxult ALLEN. GAUNP, Bow Err & Co.. 57. Brailstord-road, Fallow - field, Manchester. Private Inquiry Agens..s. _

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- THRNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good valne. HAGUE AND CO, lassups). 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON IMPORTANT TO FARMERS &c: BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 TO 2, AMMONIA 2i. TO 3, PHOBPHATE 10 TO 12.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE £2 15s. PER TON.

. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT, AT YARD. OR FREE ON RAILS, 8 r RCIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3i TO 4. AMMONIA 4 TO 41, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRICE £4 2s. 6D. PER TON, 7s, 6n. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY

JAMES TOOLE, LIOBNSBD HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON. Telephone No 222, Telegrams Toole, Warrington

COUNTY OF CHRSTER. WILD BIRDS PROTRCTION.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIViiN, that the follow- ing is a Copy of an ORDER mad-, by the Secretary of State on the 29th day of March, 1901, with reference to the Protection of Wild Birds in the Administrative County of Chester, viz. WILD BIRD (ENGLkND). THE WILD BIRDS PROTROTION (COUNTY OP CHESTER) WIDER. 1931. Dated 29th March. 1901

In pursuance of the powers conferred on me by the Wild Birds Protection Alts, 1880 to 1898, and upon application by the County Council of the Administrative County of Chester I hereby make the following Order : TITLE.

I. This Order may be cited as " The Will Biris Protec- tion (County of Chester) Order. 1901." BIROS. CLOSE TIME BETENDED.

IT. The time during which the killing or taking of Wild Birds, or any of them. is prohibited by the Act or 1280, shall be extended throughout the County of Chester, so as to be from tbe 2nd da ;7 of March to the 12th day of August In each year. both days Inclusive :

===== 0002601_19030220_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
- V , . . ... .... - , . k. ,- ,- ~t., .. , .2,-',. "1,4 .i,:; ''''. , .:,-; ' ~,,:: ~ ~, ,r,„ , ~ ~,. . ~ ~. ...,, :. ~ . x:...,.. ...: ''.l,, -;.:',N. v....., 1 :.'; - . !y- . . • . , . . .. ..„. - .., -. • • . , ..-_. ...... • . , . .. . .. .n.: ~.., .:,, •,?.. ',t .:11. ,- - . ,• .. \ L .... . ~ . . _ .. .. .„. ~ .., . A. 41.--, .... .... . . _ , ... ~.i:„.......,..,.. ~., -..-,, - , .. , .. , 0 t,.. . .-:?.T.. •.:;:?--.. -.. '' . ~,,...,,,... , ~,,...1.-,0,-,,.; . -;;,: 2.. ......;.,:', 1(., ~.:, „., .:...., Je ..5...,,;., ..„...,.. ...,....-1....,,,,,,,,,,.. ~... _...... ~,. .„...,...........,,,.4„...„ . ~...

ONE PENNY

Flanwile., vismituzuEry 20, 1903.

BY :Posr II 73id Per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum is 9cl, per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19030220_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1245

===== 0002601_19030220_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
A.DT/ITIONS TO THE SCHEDULE OF THE ACT OF 1830.

111. The Wild Birth Protection Act, 1883, as extended Clause 11. of this Order shall apply within the whole of the County of Chester to the Kestrel and Heron as if those species were included in the Schedule to that Act OTHER ADDITIONS TO THE SCHEDULE OF THE Acr

or 1881. IV. The Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880 as extended by Clause 11. of this Order, shall apply within the area named in Clause XI of this Order to the following species of Wild Birds as if those species were included in the 2scfhedule to the Act :

. Red-backed S hrike, Whinchat. Spotted Flycatcher, Sedge Warbler, Black cap Warbler, Grasshopper Warbler, Wood Warbler. Garde n Warbler, Mistel Thrush, Common EuntiniC, Reed Bunting, Goldfinch, Wbeatear, Chiffchaff, Golden- crested Wren, Yellow Wagtail, Pied Wagtail, Water Wagtail, Sky Park, and Titlark. ALL BIRDS PROTECTED DURING THE WEioLE OF THE YEAR wiTHIN A CERTAIN AREA. V. During that period of the year to which the protection afforded by the Wild Veda Protection Act, 1880 (as extended by Clau,e II of this Order) dqes not apply, the killing or taking of Wild Birds is prohibited within the area named in Clause XI of this Order.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
. .... ... __ ADDITIONAL PROTECTION FOR THE GULL AND TERN.

VI. During that period of the year to which the Frotec- non afforded by the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880 (as extended by Clause 11. ,of this order) does not apply, the killing or taking of the Gull and 'I ern is prohibited through out the County of Chester. CERTAIN DISTRICTS EXEMPTED FROM THE OPERATION

===== 0002601_19030220_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
OF CLLUEIR VI

VII. I hereby exempt from the operation of Clouse VI of this Order so much of the County of Chester as does not lie within the parishes of Puddington. Burton. Ness, Neston- cum-OldfießLThurstaston. Caldy. Hoylake-cum-West Kirby, Wallasey, Power Bebingten, Bromborongh Basthans,Hooton, Netherpool, Whitby, btanlow, Ince. Great !gooney, Frod• sham Lordship, Weston. Runcorn. Halton, Norto,,, Moore, Actor, Grange. WAlton Inferior. includi..ig therein so much of the estuaries of the Rivers Dee and Mersey as lies within the Administrative County of Chester,

..... _ - - CERTAIN BIRDS PROTECTED DURING THE WHOLE OF THE YEAR,

VIII. During that perto.l of the year to which the pro. tection afforded by ' The Wild Birds Protection Act, 1680 " as extended by Clause 11. of this ..rder), does not anplv, the killing or taking of the following species of Wild Birds is prohibited throughout the County of Chester : Kingfisher. Great Crested Crebe. Heron, Goldfinch Owl, Siskin, Twite, Brown Linnet, Lesser Redpoll. Green Wooii. recker. Great Spotted Woodpecker. Lesser Spotted Wood- pecker, Bittern, Shoveller Duck, L ttle Grebe or Dabchick, Goat Sucker or Nightjar.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
EGGS.

CERTAIN IIiGG9 PROTECTED THROUGHOUT THE COUNTY. IX- The taking or destroying of the Eggs of the follow- ing species of Wild Birds is prohibited thiougbout the County of Chester : Gal, Bittern, Kingfisher, Kestrel, Herru, She!drake, Dunlin, Biackheaded Gull. Common Tern. Oyster Cat2her. Shrike. Hawfinch. Twite. Green Woodpecker, Great Spotted Wooelpecker, Lesser Spotted Woolpet•ker. Little Grebe or Dabchick. Great Crested Grebe, licdshank, Sandpiper. Goat Sucker or Nightjar. ALL BOOS PROTECTED WITHIN I CERTAIN AREA.

X. The t ,king or destroying of the eggs of any species of Wild Birds is prohibited within the area named in Clause XI. for a period of five years from the date of this Order. MARKET GARDEr.N LANDS 'EXEMPTED PROM THE OPERATION

===== 0002601_19030220_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
OF TRIM ORDER

XT. And I make the following further Order, which shall apply within the portion of the hundred of Wirral!. coloured piali on the snaps deposited In the Horne Office and In the Office of the County Council and embracing the low-lying lands and sandhilis situate between the estuaries of the Rivers Dee and Mersey, of which th., bound- aries shall commence to the south at a p&nt of the main highway of the Coun'y of Chester 200 yards to the west of the Dock Cottages near " Docks" Railway Station of the Wirral Railway run along the main highway to Bidston Village, and then turn in a northerly direction and run to Bidston Railway Station of the same railway, then turn in a westerly direction and run along the Wirral Railway until it reaches the Meols Station of sunh railway, then run along the highway near to the Meols Railway Station Ina northerly direction to the Irish Sea.then on the north along the margin of high-water mark of the Irish Sea to a point at New Brtahton where the Yellow N-,ses joins the said Irish Sea.and then run in a southerly direction to "Warren Drive" or road, and along "Warren Drive" to the most northerly house and grounds on the west aide of such drive, then along the western boundary of the house and premi•ea situate along the western side of such drive or road to a point 100 yards or so from Grove-road, then fuming In a westerly 'rection along the northern boundaries of the houses and pcemises in Grove-road, Wallasey, until is reaches the Wirral Railway, then turning in a southerly direction along the Wirral Railway until it reaches the Wallasey Marsh, then along the edge of the marsh in a southerly direction until it reaches the Poulton Halfpenny Bridge, then turning in a westerly direction on the edge of the Paid marsh until it reaches along the edge of the marsh the main highway lead- ing from Poulton to Meols, such parts within the aforesaid boundaries as are market-garden lands and are not coloured in the said mars are excepted from the operation of this Order.

REPEAL oF FORMER CRDER.

XII. The Order of the 15th February. 1898, is hereby repealed. Given under my hand at Whitehall this 29th day of March, 1901.

(Signed) CHAS. T. RITCHIE, :One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk to the Cheshire County Council, Cheater.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY NEN

Why suffe from 'pains and misery caused by R ervousnes Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send to my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aud qoaranteed genui "I cannot find words to express ew ,netlan.Ul am.

used to think I never would gee ourel. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shorad have saved many pounds.—G.PJll." "I have earri,d out your Instructions, and am now pa' featly Book sent sealed, post fro& for two stamps. LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, Londow, W.C. Sendat onae and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Swam?

===== 0002601_19030220_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
SKELTON'S LIMITED.

HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. GRAND DISPLAY OF TOYS IN ENDLESS VARIETY,

SLEEPING DOLLS, TALKING DOLLS, DOLLS DRESSED AND UNDRESSED. AT PRICF.B TO SUIT EVERYBODY. IRONMONGERY DEPARTMENT.

42LE *Will ieJJ:C V, UT r. 11Y. SPO NS, Fog, &C CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELEOTRO PLATE) AT VERY LOWEST PRICES.

WE INVITE YOU JO qIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, 11ORSEMARKEI STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR STATIONER FO MORRELL'S INK S

(UNDBR ROYAL PATRONAGE.)

IN 'PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED 1301TLES

WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! had wholeaale from SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLOXII, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19030220_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL.

SALES OF FURNITURE,

STOCKS, ETC. EVERY THURSDAY. PARTIES CONSIGNING GOOD

CAN HAVE CASH ADVANCE (n, REQuißmo) ox RECEIPT OF GOODS. STOCKS PURCHASED

FOR CASH. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. TELEPHONE NO. 6621.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may arranged TEETH

Alleonsultations free,

TEETH. Haab patient inforrr )ci beforeband of wort required.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

Eiold and other fillings at modesats charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Fzinless Extraction as hitherto by the of Sitretn.

THRTH.

!Laker to DeutzstA of 10,000 weckly. Hxorm. of the late

J. H. P ARICINSON

(DENTIST ET lixiat.)

MANCHESTER-...-46, MOSLEY-STEIT

(Telephone 1650),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. lIELENg ;,.;__GEORGE-STREI: MONDAI , 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON ..._3A, SANKE.Y-STRI: WEDNESDVi, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN B RIDG E-STREEI I THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTHWICFI- 18, APPL"',MARKET-STRE? FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

ROBERT I OWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and balerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. MLEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON DOODi DEPOSITED Pali SALE. New and B,c3nd-hand Frirnitoire and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnituie, 10., warehoused,

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD kiln BITTER ALM kLIiSOPP'b MILD IND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTER 3, WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASE or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICII ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGE CLASS MINERAL IVATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottler. Telephone No. 179. STORRS. OWRN STREET.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE

AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC 11P01 HAVE N9W IN STOCK A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF NEW AND SIMONDHAN n FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, Ric. Write for our 1903 New and Secood•Hand Lists, post free 71, oxFpRD R('AD, NEAR ALL SAINI:',.; MANCHESTER.

A FEW OUT OF MANY PRESS OPINIONS OF p ITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, M ANCII ESTER, (Just past Station through Railway Arch ) ALSO AT PITTS'S PAN T E O.N, G 9.171i0RN, (Just past Manchester Central Station). N)W ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GO DE. WHICH CAN BE HAD GRATIS POT FREE. BY DROPPING US A POST CARD.

P_ ITTS'S FIJFI DE consists of about 100 farge pages and about 1,'300 illustrations. though it is not by any m.ans a complete catalogue of their goods, as such would requires volume ten times the size. It shows plainly Pitts' s can bedeck a mansion as wall as suppl, a good and serviceable suit-, to the humble cottage, and is certainly worth perusing.—" Oldham Standard" pITTS'S NiV—V7-I,'UUIDE is a 1 work of art, and is illustrated from beginning to end. in it will be found designs of every conceivable description of furniture suitable for the kitchen, the cottage, the drawing-room, or the mans'on, with the prices attached. We need not say that it will be advantageous to become possessed of one.—." Roesendale Free Press."

Plll's's NEW FURNISHING ()UIDP: contains some of the most important features of their extensive business. It is admirably arrangei and well Illustrated and will certainly repay a careful perusal,—' Daily Dispatch,"

pITTS'i4 NEW FURNIHING GUIDE is the 11 right thing in the right place. Excellently got up, it gives sketches and price of every class of furniture, and should be of great value in making a selection to th3Bo who are about to set up housekeeping.—" Oldham Chronicle."

DITTS'S NEW FURNISHING GUIDE etnbreces much useful information, and we cin thoroughly rec- commend it. Although far from being a complete catalogue of Pitt's immense stock, it will servo as an index to ccnvey to those who persue it some idea of its magnitude and var- iety. Pitts's are equally well able to furnish a palace or a cottage, and the number or orders the firm have executed for the nobility of the land shows to what extent their rep- utation has exteaded --Cheshire Nebo".

PITTS'S NEW FURNISLIING GUIDE a corn- pieta guide to those about to furpish either throughout or in flirt. The b3otc is profusely illustrated, and practically every item of furniture required for ore's home, however lordly or humble, is represented In its pages. Another ex- cellent point ;is that each illustaation bears at its foot its price.— 'Rochdale Times".

p ITTS'S NRW FURNISHING GUIDR i 4 to hand andla wonderf ally well got up handbook it is. Deal— ing with every furnishing requisite for cottage or ancestral hall and illustrated an the most arti,tic manner. a perusal of the guide will some as a boon and a bl-ssing to all who are in any doubt as to establishing or improvlng[the home. The extent and directness of the contents ena ale the reader to see at a glance how best to spend his money. —"Blaekpool Times"

PITTS'S UNRIVALLED ROUSES OF FUo IRN,OOOI— at 15i. 22i, 28i. 313 f, WO, 200, op t guineas represent the UTtstasT pObSIBLIS VALUE obtain- able. As compared with those of expensive city firms they are WELL WORTH DO ,IBLB our price. Pult particulars post free. Cash quotations only. le —asy Payments ten per cent extra,

PITTS'S BEDS26ADS AN D BEDDING Largest and best selection being cleared ;out at! gi.mg away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. D. not miss them.

11.1 ITTS'S BASSINEITHS, m AIL CARTS, LAMPS CHINA. GLASS, H A RTHRNWARH, INDOOR GAIIIRS' Trunks, Bags, &e.

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER LONDON ROAD (Ardwick and Longsight Cars). GATTIIORN (all City /toad Cars pas, the door). Established 1845. National Telephone 1124.

USEFUL PRESENTS.

PURSES. PHOTO ALBC PAS, DRESSING AND JEWEL CASES, WRITING DESK S. WORKBOXES, BIBLES. PRAYER BOOKS, Src. FINE SELECTION at LOW PRICES.

HEAZELL'S, 66, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL

-FOR COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMA and 1 BRONCHITIS, the only reliable cure hi existence is kjANBY'S f ASTHMATICAL & OUGH BALSAM. It has no equal. Sold everywhere in bottles at Is lfd and 26 9d, or post free from CANBY CO,, VitIOLBSALB DRUGGISTS, PIINDLRTON, MANCHESTER. "C B " AN- B CURED.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19030220_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
•

oho • • • 7 `t•• ' ,

===== 0002601_19030220_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rt,t : •

===== 0002601_19030220_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
The xamner, Friday, February 20, L 903.

ASK YOUR GROCER FOR McDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF—RiSiNG FTLOIJP\

1 *., :.. T'-P' NIGHT a great deal to do with it, on:iy you won't acknow. ledge my claim." I! , " How did you hear the name?" he asked. wip- ing his face. Ii 1 P34:;srt‘e 11 cf„. --ae. • I've told you a dozen times," replied the 4i,e; •,'l,--,t\ -,n , . OF THE CRIME. woman sullenly. " When you fell ill of that fever I nursed you, throug,h—although I've never got any BY thanks for doing it—in your delirium, you uttered that name, and talked about a secret you held,- 1 /n !,-. -e' • ...en oel .-4,,t tiv % '4" 'I 1 ,-I'..t, r %4 A, Or. `ll 'tl ,'ll.O lYa ."? 'F..‘, ;Ix t- ' - . , : i - , , , ;., FERGUS Ht a secret which concerned Francis Tremewan. I could only gather •raps, but I learned • '',:, •.'" ,:....,„• Pi 2 t..ti...‘t'ot.Ulli ,F.':..-d.i.il AKI enough to know that this secret was worth i 4".._ Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," " The money. You raved about having written it Pagan's Cup," down so as to send it to Tretmewan. after ) " The Crime of the Crystal," your death, and I hunted for the papers in The extremely nourishing qualities and s ?) "Woman—the Sphinx," etc., etc., etc. our. London lodging. But you had -hithien them , too cunningly. I could never find them." exquisite natural flavour of Van Houten's Z e "You have asked about them often enough ? S' Cocoa recommend it for children as well as g: :-. ',), PROLOGUE. though," said Mat with a hard latigh ; "but they I. of money from Tre,mewan far these papers." ere not for you, Judith. Yes. I could get a lot for adults. It is a powerful aid in promoting i Mrs. Penny the landlady of "The Horse and : . 'Then why don't you?" cried the woman the gr3wth and strength of the young. It ..) Hounds" was not sure if sue could take them in. ' poor herselfpomen to savagely;" you love a soft bed, and good food. ,You like to. play cards--you are a confirmed furnishes the necessary material for forming for those who gam,bler. .1 daresay if you could get Trem.ewan, blood, brain, bone and muscle, and is as t With her stout uatmshy akimbo she blocked the door of her pot-house,— ; whosoever hO. is, to give you a sum of money you would be able to double and treble it at the card 1 wiled by •cOurtesy an inn,—and turned a cross, . table. Then we could live in comfort." i delicious to the taste as it is beneficial to S . suspicious face on the miserable couple, whoasked : 1 health. 3 for a night's lodging. Both were handsome if not ! "I won't, I tell you," said Mat, breathing hard. i young, °but it wotud be hard to say which looked ,' "Don't tempt me !" ; > "bou ought to do- it for my sake," whimpered 11 • e, the more starved and weary. lolk who come :' footsore- to a respectable-county inn and humbly ; Judith, adopting another line of argument. "I beg for bed and board, rarely have the where- have lost all my looks, and I can't get, an engage- *, e-,-- • . withal to pay. So argued t'ne landlady, and she merit. All 1 wa4 is a home and comfort. -I'd do eV. - • . • ':' . . _ , 3 4' 4 , said as mach with several vigorous epithets. : anything- for a. home. Good food, a soft bed— oh ! She shook her hands in the air. "Shall I <". •ieQ. 01 . ~i,.- .! . . )e!`` -.-., r 4elb en ii ra'''' !'-';-, .1-. P. * .?. P, -41 115"', V ' '''' 1. * .": ell -We ,want no tramps• here," she declared with , fie SCOWI, "be off, or.l'll °dye you in charge of the never get .them t" 1 1121 -s.. ...), at r., A. A .r.- w•d", - Vz.,-;,i' A il, *% T.'-',6.‘ ,• -1. e.- te0...,- ',,:N-r-,:et .4 ' 1 ....qv, ~. ~? ,v,„. ..„..„ po'dce. Then you'll get rood and shelter for sure. i• " Not out of Francis Tremewan," replied Alat ! decisively. " You don't know where to find dales ~.•„, t, . ..'-'...... • I won't say of what sort," and she chuckled. ' 'I '' : ? "We can pay," said the other •woman wearily. him. ) " . "Mat?" . "I'd hunt him down soon enough, if I knew i • i ' 1 • ' The man shrugged his shoulders in rather a , the whole of your secret." e t "That you never will know. Hush, Judith, here foreign way. He had intended to wheedle the - -- --_-:-...-_-..' .e • landltrdy into almsgiviing, but as she proved to be : comes .tihe fc":"d." , 4 i a -"' '-"- -1 obdurate, he was forced to produce a uLronger Food I" The woman sprang up with a raven- argument. -Alter some hesitation,—for it AVUS 1118 taus look in her eyes, "..I am jue,t dying for food." . _ She proved the truth of her speech by the way all,—he broufeht out a golden half-sovereign. : .. It in which she ate. The food was coarse, and the INDUSTRIAL EX'HIBITION AT a desire for the promotion of the moral welfare of the Even then the virago was not convinced. people the state of opinion would be very much differ- might be false," she said, eyeing it doubtfully. . liquor extremely bad • but Judith devoured every- WARRINGTON. ent. It was a subject which Christian people of all .. creeds and political parties should think about. He - Bite it then," rejoined the man tartly; ." you ding that came in her way, and wolfishly looked. up -for more. Mat had hardly touched his plate. r was very much afraid that neither political party had He was too ill to be hungry. After a mouthful e Ihe Work of the Wes Gui ley ld. been clear in reproaching the matter.—The Rev. J. F. Matthews secondedand Mr. Nightingale supported the . or so, he produced a penny packet of cigarettes resolution which was carried unanimously. A vote of : and began to smoke. On seeing this Judith made i -- • a snatch at his plate and cleaned it thoroughly. thanks was accorded to the Chairman, and in reply the I --hibition consisting of specimex Rector expressed the opinion that many people did not : When finished she snapped her fingers. " Lord !" work, works of ar realize the evils arising from State regulation of vice, ' said she, with a fire in her eyes, "What can't food `...et Wesley Guild, because it was not in force in this country. If an attempt and drink do! Give me plenty to eat; that's all wedilesday : were made to enforce it in England there would soon be I ask." -^rll- crowded meetings. " Bah 1 You animal I" said Mat, revolted by her behaviour.

: have a few teeth yet.'.' None of your insolence !" screeched Mrs. ' Penny, annoyed by this allusion to her age. "Come inside, and I'll see if the coin is goad." They followed her silently into a. bare tap-room, where there was an ancient settle before a moder- ately good fire. On this the woman dropped with a sobbing sigh, but the man with folded arms stood in silence watching, the landlady as she 1. tested the gold. Mrs. Penny bit the coin, she rang it on the deal table, she weighed it on one coarse finger, and after much cogitation came to the conclusion that it was good. Admitting as ranch, she was about to slip it into her pocket when the man snatched it from her. "We'll pay for what we get," he said, "and what we get 'won't cost ten shillings." "Don't be too sure of that," muttered Mrs. Penny annoyed by her loss; "however we'll see. What do you want?" "Something to eat and drink, and lodging for the night. By the way is there a railway station hereabouts?" "At ureswell, four miles further on," replied Mrs. Penny more polite. "Where are you going, you two?" . , "To London," said the man dropping into a _ _ _

An interesting exhibition consisting of specimens of various handicrafts, amateur work, works of arb, curios, &c., promoted by the Bold-street Wesley Guild, Warrington, was held in the schoolroom on Wednesday and Thursday. The exhibits were the work of com- petitors connected with the Wesleyan schools and con- gregations in the Warrington circuit and they were of a I highly meritorious character. Much skill and pains had ' been bestowed upon the work, some of which possessed 1 great artistic Mer it .Pri ze,s have been awarded for the best exhibits and there was keen competition in several classes. i The opening ceremony was performed by Mrs. T. B. 1 Carter, of Frodsharn,on Wednesdayafternoon. The Rev G. H. Carnson (superintendent Wesleyan minister) pre- sided and in a few introductory remarks said the exhibits were evidence that the members of the Wesley Guild could work. He sometimes met gentlemen who had no hobby or pursuit in life except one and that very often money making. Such a man lost a great deal of the happiness of life. The Wesley Guild, by this exhibi- ! tion wasendeavouring to cultivate a taste for pursuits of a kind which would bring pleasure and happiness to those who took part in them in their spare hours. (Hear, hear.) Mrs. T. B. CARTER. who was cordially received, said it afforded her much pleasure to be with them, especi- ally as her husband had always taken such a deep interest in Bold-street church and schools, and after seeing so many of them at Eversley last summer her own interest in the members of the Mild was awakened. She sin- cerely trusted that the various works and the crafts exhibited might be helpful to many of them in years to come and might be the means of drawing all the mem- bers of the Guild closer together. If they all recognised their talents as great and responsible blessings, with care and culture they would have ten. She had hoped many of them might make names for themselves that would make Warrington proud of them. They could not all be great but they could all be good. (Hear, hear.) In declaring the exhibition open, she wished them all success in their worthy undertaking and in that wish her husband joined. (Applause.) The services of Mrs. Carter were acknowledged on the proposition of the Rev. Theodore BISHOP, seconded by Mr. LITTLER.

" I'm not an animal," protested the woman, "or I would find for my6elf. Instead of that I stick to you."

'You can leave me if you like," he replied care- lessly. "No," she declared shrilly, and struck the table with a heavy fist, "I haven't gone through all these years of poverty to be chucked now. Sooner or later you will have to seek out Francis Tre- mewan and get m6ney from him. I intend to share."

"If I ever prove myself to be such a beast, you shall have what money I extort," said the man coolly, "bu.£ I shall never fall so low." "I don't know how much lower you can fall. Here we are in this dirty pot-house with only a few shillings be- tween ourselves and sta,rvation. It's been snow- ing all day, and we have tramped through the cold wad the slush. When folk passed by in carriages and splashed u, I cursed them. Yes; I did." "And so ran a chance of being landed in gaol," remarked Mat grimly. Judith shivered. " True enough," she muttered, her eyes on the fire. " I have not been in gaol, yet. They don't feed you well there, and the beds are hard. Oh, Ido love plenty of food! If I could only order a nice hot steak with onions now, and

seat "Get the' food; Ilurave beer, it-is about the sexiest thing one can get here. Judith?" "Whisky hot—Scotch," said the woman ad- __

dressed, "and hurry up." "No insolence !' cried Mrs. Penny. "You're tramp, and I don't think it's right of me to take you in. You. might have stolen the money.' "If we have, it does not matter to you" retorted the man fiercely; 'go away and you'll be paid • for what we have." .

•• MAN,/ ••• He spoke so imperiously, and so much in the style of a gentleman, that Mrs. Penny—se she afterwards put It—got quite a turn. However, the hereditary instinct of obedience :to the upper classes prevailing over the desire to assert her dignity, she hurried away. When Attie, Judith , looked at her companion. "Good blood tells after all." _ _ _

"For heaven's sake hold your tongue," said the man, worn out by her harping offithe one theme; "we must get to bed soon." "It's only seven o'clock Mat."• "I'm tired. I hope I'm not going to be ill again 1" "If von are, take notice that I won't nurse -you," said Judith.

" I'm very .doubtful if I have oily blood at all," replied the man in a peevh tone, as he warmed his hands at the fire. "I'm dead beat."

"...th, you're not wed to being on the trump," said Judith. "I know all about it. I was—as you have often called me—a gutter-girl, until. I made my success on the stage." "Success !" echoed Mat with a dreary laugh. "What have you or Ito do with success? It means money, comfort, luxury." "You could have all three if you were not a fool," snapped Judith. "I have some honour left," reproved the man frowning. " Honour ! Oh Lord! What's honour when you're starving? I'd sell the world and all the people to make myself comfortable." "I wouldn't. And I don't intend to do what you would have me do." Judith gave a sardonic laugh but said no more. *se was a fine woman of the milkmaid type, tall, deep-bosomed, massive. Although no longer young, she would still have been comely, if well- fed and well-dressed. At present she was neither, i for her face was thin for want of food and lined with many wrinkles. Her dress was an old blue serge, and across her ample shoulders she had draped not inartistically a faded tartan shawl. On her still plentiful black hair she wore a straw , hat which looked rather out of place in the wintry : weather, such as then prevailed. Her boots were worn and old, and as she held them to the cheer - fill blaze, she revealed large useful feet. Evidently she was a woman of the people, and—as she had said—accustomed to hardship. Her companion was of a more refined type. He was of no great height, but slender and well-built. His hands and feet were delicate, his face was oval and his features were well-cut. In spite of his shabby dress and dissipated appearance he had an air of distinction which showed :that he was a gentleman. Huddled up on the settle as far away from Judith as he could get, he looked thoroughly worn out. The woman was far Aronger althougk she had walked and starved in equal proportion. • Judith resembled a Flanders mare, Mat a delicatt racehorse, but however different in up-bringing, 1 they were both equal in misery at the present moment. _ - - -

"Oh yes, you will—if only to get possession of those papers. Put if Ido fall ill, hide them." "Will you?" said the wcAnan wader her breath. "We'llseet I hope you will be ill, jitit to give me the chance."

In a few moments Mrs. Penny came in to clear away. She demanded that the meal should be paid tfor at once. Judith, after the manner of her coarse nature, began to protest noisily, but Mat drew the half sovereign again from his pocket and silently handed it to the landlady. She went out with it.

"Why did you do that?" snapped Judith furi- ously. 'She will charge us what she likes." "I don't care if she does," he replied drowsily, "I'm worn out with all these troubles. We have to walk to London in any ease, and we can beg by the way." "Anyone can see you have been brought up a gentleman, else you would not scatter gold like youdo." "You can't scatter one piece of gold, my. good Judith," said Mat, tassing the stump of his cigarette into the fire. He was really looking very ill. His face was pallid, his eyes were large and bright, Judith smiled to herself. She saw a ehance of obtaining the papers. When Mrs. Penny returned with the change, there was another row between her and Judith. Mat took no part in it. He was seated on the settle with his delicate head leaning against the wall. While the women raged, he seemed to fall asleep. Neither took any notice of him. "'Three shillings for that beastly food !" cried Judith savagely. "I won't pay it. I'll call the police." "Do," said Mrs. Penny with disdain, "and I'll give you in charge. Three shillings is little enough when I have to feed such dirty tramps as you. Take your seven shillings, or leave it. I don't care." "We'll lave your house, you Jezebel !" "I wish you would, you miserable cripsy. See here," cried Mrs. Penny, her arms akimbo, "if you want to stay here to-night, keep a civil tongue in your head. You can have bed and breakfast for four shillings." "Robbery !" gasped Judith grasping at the silver lest the landlady should pick it up, "I'll give you two." ".Three," retorted Mrs. Penny, "or out you

The two were tramps, a.s experienced Mrs Penny had guessed. But only a week before they had been actor and actress in a provincial com- pany that had started from London with what the manager had assured the members were the brightest of prospects. But the tour had not been a success, and after several failures in several towns, the manager had levanted with all the money he could lay his hands on. • He left his company stranded in a dingy Northern town, and as no member had receivecra full salary since the tour commenced, each and everyone was in a dismal plight. Some managed to get back to Lon- don by pawning their clothes. Mat and Judith had hoped to do the same. But an obdurate land- lady had claimed their boxes for arrears of rent and had turned them out on the street. There was nothing for it but to walk tack to the great city, for they had no one to help them. With a Ismail store of money they had set out and had been several days on the road. Now they had reached. "The Horse and Hounds" Inn, Haggard- ton, with ten shillings. And as yet they were many miles from London. " how we are to reach it I don't know," brooded Judith staring into the fire while her com- panion dosed. "Once there, and I can get along somehow. I expect we'll leave here with only five shillings, and it's forty miles to the Strand, worse luck. If Mat would only be sensible—but he won't; he's fool. I should like to handle those papers myself and learn the whole truth. He has them in ,is coat pocket. If I dared - She rose stealthily, and stole over to the sleeper. But Mat was only dosing, and as she laid her band gently on his coat he sprang to his feet. "Keep oil you jade I." he cried fiercely, clutching his breast-pocket. "You won't get them." "I'd make better use of them if I did get them," snarled the baffled Judith returning to her seat. "You're a fool." "You say that so often that I'll begin to believe it soon," he replied, "but you are quite in the dark as to what the papers contain. I have never told you anything." "You never do, Mat. Yet I have been a faith- ful companion to you all these years. Why won't you trust me?" "Because I know what you are," answered Mat quietly. "If you knew all my secret and not suck morsels as I revealed when I was delirious, I know

go!" "I won't go out. My—mv—friend is ill." " What's that to me? I eliarge four shillings, and you must pay in the morning before you go. I'm trusting you a good deal to let you stay with- out asking for the money in advance." "I'm a lady," began Judith, her eyes glaring. "I know all about that," sneered Mrs. Penny. seen plenty of ladies of your sort. Will you go or stay?" "There's nothing for it," snarled Judith, "I must stay, ybu devil." Mrs. Penny g'ave a jeering laugh, and vanished. But that she was so poor herself she would not have let the two remain. But out of them she hoped to make an extra four shillings, and that was always something towards her rent. Judith sihook her fist at the closed door, and placed the seven shillings in her own pocket.. Then she turned her attention to Mat.

"She's gone Mat. You'd batter get to bed." He made no reply, but lay there on the settle with a white face. He seemed scarcely to breathe,, and, his ,muscles were relaxed. The eyes of the woman sparkled. She shook her companion, and ailed to arouse him. She bent her ear to his mouth, and could hardly feel his breath. Finally she placed her hand on his heart, and found that it beat but I:.nguidly. "Only a faint,".'-; she said to herself. "My chance.'

Without making the sightett effort to revive the man she unooseped his coat, and thereby showed la he had no waistcoat 'underneath. it had been pawned eariy in the journey. Feeling in his breast pocket, sh 6 discovered that it was sewn up. But this presented no bar to her en- terprise. She snatched a knife from the table awl cut the threads. in another mqment she had in her greedy hands a long bi-ae envelope sealed with a coat of arms. All this time, she might have been handling a corpso; so still and limp was the man. If he had been dead Judith would not have oared. ,

"I wonder if these are Mat's arms," she Mut- tered, looking- at the seal; "if they are Tremewan's I mi2ht be able to find out twhere he is.,, It was in her mind to open the parcel then and there. But she knew that if Mat found the en- velope gone when he recovered his senses, be woukl never forgive her. She might as well part from him now. She had the balance of .tile money, and the papers which contained a secret worth more money. It is true that Mat had fainted for the lack of food, and because he was worn out with days of tramping, but Judith was hardened to his sufferings. She had been • with him quite long enough and had received no grati- tude for her pains. "It's time for me co go," she said, stowing the envelope in her pocket.,

well that vretched."

you would make a whol'e family

• "I'd ruin them if they did not help me," said Judith resolutely. "He is rich too. I know that."

"Who iq trich ?"

"Why this Francis Tremewan." A spin of anger passed across Mat's face, and be bent forward to grip Judith's arm. " Uold your tongue you wretch 1" he whispered. "That name belongs to my past life, with which you Alava nothing to do." She shook him off. "I have

Good-bye Mat! If I get the money I'll help you. But as you will be such a fool, I must be we for you." She did not even kiss'the man, but turning her back on him, helpless and senseless as be was, slipped out of the door.. Mrs. Penny, as could be told by the raised tones of her voice, was ix the kitchen of the inn. Judith, therefore, held no one to stiay her flight. She drew her shawl round her, and walked boldly out of the frout door.

Creswell's the nearest station," said she as She tramped over the snow; "four miles. I'm dead beat. But I'll get there. Anything to be com- fortable and rich Food and drink and a soft .bed all here—all here," and she.hugged the papers to her boom.

And the man taus deserted remained inseuoible an the settle, the red light of the fire shining on his Ain faze. Had Judith left behind her a living 111201 or a corpse? That was the question.

" It's tt lie!"

"Of ()puree," replied the woman called Judith; I quite expected you to say that. What else can you say, and—keep your money?" She NMI conversing with Francis Tremewan in the st.udy of his house at Dnrtbridge in Devon- shire. The small bILM of money she had stolen from Mat had taken her by train from Creswell to Taunton, and she had begged her way to the ad- dress of the man she designed to rob. In the train, an examination of the papers had given her the n•ame of the town he dwelt in, and had also placed her in possession of a secret which she was clever enough to see meant money. Armed with this intelligence, and its proofs, she had .made her way resolutely to Tromewan's house. The length of the journey, which had to be made on foot, had not &daunted her, and while starving she kept up her spirits with the hope that she would soon have plenty. Like a cannon ball designed to devastate and destroy, she hod gone in a straight line to her goal-

At first she had intended to call openly on Tre- tnerw-an. But when she learned the higih• position be occupied in the little provincial town, and remembered that the essence of her power lay in its 14ecrecy, she had changed her mind. Also, as she very sensibly reflected, her dress, now torn and muddy, and her weather-beaten tanned ap- pearance, were against her in gaining the inter- view she desired. Had she presented herself in drat guise Tremewan would have dismissed her as a beggar before she could deliver herself • of her iniksion. She therefore .waited until nightfall, and hung round the house, in the hope of finding its owner alone.

Fortune favoured her plan. The house was built on a common, and :An-rounded with gorse. Judith concealed herself aanoti_:,,A this, and with unblinking eyes watched the house, hugging the papers to her bosom. These were not the origi7 gaols. She -had been afraid to enrust them to the hands of the mum to whom they were dangerous. He might destroy them. Some time after she left I.l.s4nton, with her remaining. shilling she had ob- tained ink pen and paper at a small inn, and had there copied out the originals. She had then de- pos.itted these last in a safe place' and had brought the copies. With these on her heart she watched the house in the hope that Tremawan might eanerge from it. Then he vrotiqd be delivered into her hands.

Before it grew dark, she had noticed him—she presumed he was the man himself flow the des- cription given by a sister beggar—return from a walk with a pretty woman and a girl of fifteen. The ;woman was his wife, and she walked arm in arm with her husband. 'The ,girl, quite neglected, walked some paces behind with a listless air " Those two are wrapt up in one another," mut- tered Judith, peering through the gorse; "they don't care a pin's point for the Ci2eRA. Yet the girl is pretty. Hemp! Tromewan loves that woman to distraction—all the better," she laughed softly; "he will give me my terms rather than inflict pain on her." 'rremewan had not come out again, and the dark- nem fell. Judith gnawed away at a hard crust she had picked up, and watched,—like some loathsome worm,—for her opportunity to sting and hurt. All at once a bright light flashed from a window on, the ground floor. There were no curtains to this -rindow, and she stole near to look in. It 'was about nine o'clock. She saw Tre- tnewan take leave of his wife, but saw no sign of .the daughter. When alone Tremewan came to close the shutters. He had fastened one, when Judith, fearful lest she should lose her chance, glided forward, and rapped on the glass. For a moment Air. Tremewan leaped back at the unex- pected sound. But he was evidently a man devoid of fear, for immediately afterwards he thing open, the window, and, taking up the lamp, let the light stream down on her haggard and shameful face. "Who are you? What do you want?" he asked. "I want to see you," she replied, rising to her tall stature. "You are in danger." He had not been inclined to yield, and she saw his tip curl in scorn. But when she added, Your wife is in danger," he had drawn her quickly into the room, and had demanded what she came to say. It took Judith only a little time to enlighten him, and it was when he grasped the full purport of her message that he had uttered the despairing words. "It's a lie !"

• After his ejaculation, and her anNwer, there was silence for a few moments. He sat down at his desk, and aria his face in his hands. Judith em- ployed the time thus afforded her to produce the copies of the papers. These she smoothed out and in a dexterous manner placed before him. The znan raised his head and let his eyes dwell dully on the writing. After a time these eyes grew bright, and snatching up the pa,pers he read every word with the closest attention. Judith .stood beside the desk, her hands wrapt in her s..hawl, sad watched his face. What she saw there com- pletely satisfied her. Well, Mr. Tremew'an?" she asked, "do you say it is a lie now "I can't believe it," he muttered; "these letters—l don't know the handwriting. If I did know it

"These are copies," replied Judith quickly, "do you think me ,such a fool as to place the originals themselves in your hands? However I anticipated your objection, 'end brought one original letter ;along with me. You will, perhaps, recognise the writing." " God help me, I do," said Tremewan with a groan. "And the date," he continued, "look at the date. It is all in order." _ _ „ _

He rose with a desperate look in his eyes. "I bglieve it to be a forgery, he cried. " I will have you arrested." Judith -was so used. to this threat that it did not make the slightest impression on heir. "If you want to ruin yourself, have me arrested by all means," she replied indifferently; "we can go to gaol together. What of your wife then, Mr. Tre- anewan?" •

- "You can't prove what you say." "I think the papers prove a great deal," she answered calmly, but if you like I can bring wit- nesses. They are in London." "How did you come into possession of these papers." I got them from the dead body of the man ho wrote them." This might have been true for all she knew. Mat was certainly in a dying condition when she left him at Hag-gardton. But whether true or false, Judith did not care. She had an end to gain, and was careless what means she took to gain it. Moreover, she was well aware after read- ing the papers, that Tremewan would not dare to make enquiries. She had shot her bolt, and now awaited the result.

:Well," she said .impatiently after a long pause, " what is to be done about the matter? Will you buy my silence, or shall I go to your wife?" Tremewan oaugiht her wrist in a grasp of i,ron. Not a word to my wife, or I'll kill you! She must never know—never."

"AS you please. Give me my price and hold my tongue.' "What is your price?". he asked sullenly. "Not a very difficult one to pay. I am a respectable woman, although I admit that I don't look like one now. You can take me into your house with the utmoSt safety." "Take you into my house !" he gasped; recoil.

lug. " Why not?" replied the woman tranquilly. "I want a home.. Make me your housekeeper. lam not young and not beautiful. Your wife cannot be jealous of me. Let me look after things for you. I ,asure you I am a very good housekeeper." "I refuse to take you in here," he returned savagely. "I'll kill you, before I see you in my wife's company." "Oh Lord !" tittered Judith, "how nice you are! Considering what the story told in these papers is, I really wonder "Be quiet you wretoh. If I consent to

" Then I'll hold my tongue. Of course I cola.' easily take a sum a money," :The resumed medita- ; cut the fact is, Mr. Tremevran, I don't feel happy when you are out of my sight. You miula leave England and then where should I be?"

"I have no intention el leaving Englann, assure you."

"You night though, in a fit of fear," persisted Judith. "1 know what fear is. You dont. When -you do, you may clear out. Then I should lose all my trouble. No! I'll be your house- keeper. Voir years I will serve you as a faitLail friend," she went on dronisally, and when y.•.,u die, you will leave me an annuity of two hundred a-year in your will. I must see that will executed during the first week of ray stay." Tremewan wiped the perspiration from his fore- head. "And suppose I retuse ito consider th.se preposterous demands?" Oh, well, I know how to act," She answered coolly, "and don't you talk of any demands being prevosterous," she added angrily. "Considering what is at stake, I am letting you off very lightly." "How am I to account to my wife about en- gaging you?" "Oh, that is easy enough when you've been on the stage," mid Judith glibly. "Say that I am the wife of a Ship captain who was lost at sea. That will dispose of him. You knew me when I was a girl, and I came to you for assistance, and,-But see here," she added, "give me money to make myself decent, and I'll call to-morrow, and tell my own story to your wife. She will believe what I say, and you can suggest engaging me." "But suppose eke won't consent?" "Oh, she'll consent to whatever - you like. I saw her this afternoon, and I can see that you ere the master. You might even master me," she said looking with some admiration on the strong dark face, "if I had not the whip ha-nil of you." "What name am I to call you?" "Call me Mrs. Bedorwen. It is not my real name, but that you need not know. Bedowen will do as well as any other. Well. Am Ito come?"

"You must. I see no way out of it." "Neither do I," she replied coolly. "I think you are wise to agree to my terms.' "And is he readily dead now?" "Dead as a doornail," answered Airs. Beclowen, as she now called herself. _ _

"Then I consent—l can't help myself. But you must not be rfa.miaia. cr with me—give no cause fur suspicion, or "oth, that's all right," interrupted the lady. " give me some money—gold áî possible. A 'Woman fdressed as I am, presenting a cheque might be run in. Thank you. Ten pounds. That will do for the present. come to-morrow after- noon."

"No 1" broke in Tremewan savagely." Give me a few days' respite, you devil. I must make en- qulrcriec42s You'll get into trouble if you do," warned Judith. "No No 1I am well able to take care of myse'f. There is too much .aft stake—far too much. Do you think I would let myself he caught when I am paying you such a price?" "A very cheap price, I think." "This Landon address ?" _

--ea-- -- "You can find out all about him there," said Judith. with a yawn. "I must go now, and .get some sleep—in a bed. Ha! Ha! in a bed! When. am I to return, Mr. Tremewan?" "In a week," he answered. "That money will keep you during that time, and will fit ycu out." "Yes. I could do with More, but this will serve in the meantime." • "And I say Mrs.—Mrs.—llidowen," he sad hesitating over the name, "as you are coating to be my housekeeper I think it will be as well if you do not seek shelter in Darthridge." "That's all right," said Judith, moving towards the window. "I know a place where I can sleep for the night—poor folk, some miles away. won't have a good bed or much food, but 11l put up with nardeihip for the last time. To: morrow I'll go to Plymouth and get a new robe. Afterwards Afterwards I'll come to Salcorabe, and wait there till I think it's time to come over and take up my duties. Good night, sir," she said, drap- ing an ironical curtsey, "the tramp Judith dis- appears through this window. The reepeateble Mrs. Bedowen will enter through the front doe'." and she vanished into the darkness with a jeeeK laugh. Tremewan.groaned, and gathering up the plpors she had left, locked them in his desk. 'What life I have before me," he thought; "but I have got off cheap considering. Amy must nev-T know—never," and in this manner he aecepe the burden which, was laid upon him. Three days afterwards an inn on the outekirts of Salcombe received a ladY visitor in deep mourn- ing. She called herself Mrs. Bedowen, and although she bare the marks of—what the were past sorrows, was a distinctly pleasing la She was not young:, but still comely, and fre- quently referred with sighs to the 'death oi bee husband at sea. Captain John Bedowen's ship 12 2 gone down with all hands, off the Horn. " And I am left alone in the world," said Mrs. Bedowen, 'with but little worldly wealth, alas !" "And what will you do?" asked a sympathising acquaintance who was staying at the inn. What can I do, but work?" she replied. "A dear friend of ,my husband's—Mr. Tremewan—you may know him?" "Tremewan, of Dartbridge? Everyone knows him!" "Ah, but few know his kind heart !" sighed MI6. as Bedowen. "He h asked me to be his house- keeper. A great responsibility, but we must bear .11 the burdens that Providence sees fit to place on our shoulders." In this way it became known in Salcombe that Mr. Tremewan proposed to take a housekeeper, and thus •spare his wife the domestic cares ot his mansion. In due time it filtered to Dartbri,:lece where Tremewan heard it,: and ground his teeih to think how cleverly the woman had caught him- He could not deny the rumour, and waited in dogged silence for the arrival of the clever lady who called herself Mrs. Bedowen, and told such an affecting tale about her late husband. But Mrs. Bedowen was in no hurry to take up her ditties. She was very happy at ,Salcombe, and with good food and pure air was rapidly picking up her looks and strength. Mrs. Penny, of ilaggardton, Would never have recognised Judith in the comely lady who strolled about the quaint little town. But what in common had the tramp. with the respectable honeakeeper? For Mrs. itedowen was very fond of sauntering about the town, and ad- jacent hills. ,She admired the spot, and decided when she obtained her annuity she would take a cottage. "A nice cottage," she said to herself, as she walked slowly round Bolt Head one evening; "1 can take in boat-dens, and live quite happily. Meantime I'll be well enough off with Tretnewan. I can manage him; the wife and daughter are not worth considering. Oh. how glad lam that my troubles are all over! For the lest of my life eat well end slew soft, and be respectable. How wise I was to got rid of Met. Yet, poor fellow, be had his redeeming qualities. If he is not dead I must assiet him. But. 1 tepect I'll never see him again. It won't be much less after all," and she chuckled. . .

But Mrs. Bedowen was rather premature in thanking Providence that her troubles Were over. An event occurred that came eN•ening which rather startled her. She had extended her wai:k to the moor beyond Bolt Head, and in her musing had not noticed that a storm was corning on. The sun was sinking red in the west, and lines of black cloud barred the fiery light. The waters were ruffled with foam, and quickly gathering mista eanie streaming down the mountains. Also the wind was rising and swept amongst, the herbage with a low moaning sound. Mrs. Bedowen was not afraid of the weather, however. She had been too inuch in the open to be soared by a thunder- storm. Kilting up the skirts of her new black dre.,,-s----worn in honour of that mythical mariner Jmn Bedowen —she ran down the mountain side 'lad was soon toiling up the rocky path which leads round Bolt Ilea As she bent her energies to the task she did not notice that a man was fol- lowing her. The roar of wind end wave drowned the sound of his feet, and it took all Mrs. Bed.,- wen's time to make her way .against the blast. She never thought of looking round. Yet Nemesis was on her track, in the person of the man she least expected to see. As she reached the highest paint of the path, _ _

jiwt where it rounds to Salcombe' , a blast of -wind nearly.'tore her bonnet from her head. There camo• a flash of livid lightning, and then a 'Rua of tl:mnder whioh driywned the noise of the waves raving below. A drench of min foflowed, and in a moment, as it seemed, Mrs. Bedowen was in the ntith;:t of a storm whicth sto.rtled even her stout heart. Nor was she lers afraid .when a hand sud- denlv graVed her koulder. "Lord Almighty !" shrieked the terrified woman. "Who is itr "Mat, you devil! to--" She whirled round with a yell of dismay. The cry cut through the stormy air like a knife. There, in the livid glare of the lightning, she saw the haggard pallid face of the man she had left for dead in the little provincial inn—the man she had robbed and deserted. After that first Shriek Mrs. Bedowen could only stare blankly at that terrible. face. "You thought to esoa,pe me, did you?" lid sneered hoarsely, and tightened his grasp on her shoulder while the storm raged with fourfold fury.! "I fainted with hunger, and you stole my papers. You devil! I managed to get to Loudon, and

Aat, risen from the dead

found out what you had done. Tremewan has. been asking a..fiter me in my old haunts, and— and—" •

"Leave me alone!" shouted Mrs. Beclowan, try- ing to twist herself free. "I have had my own way, aid I'll keep What I've got." 'You'll not. I will twist your neck," and ha 'wrenched her arm.

" Bea4l" she yelled, and tearing herself free, made a gmh at his throat. "])o you think I'm not stronger than you? I'll ehoke you 1" Far from trying to get away, Mat drew her to "We'll go over together," he said, with a peal of terrible laughter; "one in life and one in death."

"Let go--let go !" cried Mrs. Bedowen terrified. Her strength, great as it was, was as nothing against the nervous farce exerted by the man she had wronged. He dragged her, inch by inch, nearer to the low wall which protected the path. Below were the hungry waves and the black. sharp-pointed rocks. They would fall hundreds of feet, and be dashed to pieces: And to die just when she had gained all that made life worth living? Closing her mouth, Mrs. Beclawen fought in desperate silence. Her hair gave way, her bonnet came off, her dress bore, but she fou-At and bit and scratched and kicked for dear life. Mat, also, was silent save .for a sobbing breath. He had his lean hands on her throat, and she made desperate efforts to get free. The mist came rol- ling down from the heights above and blotted out the path. In that white wetness they struggled in silence. In their ears the sea roared far below. The storm was dying away, the wind had swept away over-sea, and in the dense choking fog, the man and woman strovz, the one tlb kill the other. For a moment Mat's strength gave way. It was Judith's opportunity. She wrenched herself to one side, and leaving part of her dress in his grip, stumbled blindly down the path. Mat gasped for a moment, then drew a revolver, and rushed after her. _ _ _ _

"I'll kill you—l'll kill you!" he shouted, an 4 lunged on. The mist was sail around, a thick white pall over the rocks. A silence broken only by the beating of the waves prevailed. Then there came a. cry of terror—of agony,--the sound of falling rocks— a heavy plunge. And the silence shut down once more. And the niiists grew more and more dense. Only the waves rejoiced, as though they had at last seized their expected prey.

(To be continued.) INERY W()MJIN

Should .tnd to itpn Is icr tin. 22 pge 11'wellattli Book

containing valuable Inn/nation bow nil Irregularities and

Obstructions may be entirely avoideo ,r removed by simple means. Ilecommendo dby Em in oat Physicians, Rs the c•nly

Safe. Sure, and GPnu in e Remedy. Never lails. Thousands

of testimonials. Mr P PIA;•CBAND, Ps let. rd, London.

PILES AND INDIGESTION CURED.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE LIST.

The following were the prize winners : AMATEUR WouK.—Painting, Miss N. Taylor, Mr. W. Halford, Miss S. Hodge, Miss T. C. Brown, Miss C. Collin,Mr. P. White, Mr. W. A. Mellor. Best collec- tion of Picture Postcards, Miss Hall. Collection of six photographs, Mr. Kenneth Bishop; best made door rug, Mrs. Ford. PLAIN SEWING.—Miss H. Chamberlain.'

--.- FANCY WOK.—Miss Ethel Robinson and Miss Ethel 'Jones (two prizes), Miss.C. Collin, Miss C. J. Bennett. Miss E. A Bennett, Miss L. S. Pigot, Miss B. C. London.

DOMESTIC WORK.—Miss M. Wilde, Mrs. H. Maddock, aid Miss Burdett. _ _

COOKERY.—Mrs. Emily Prince (two prizes) ;Mrs. W. J. Dunn, Mrs. Wright. BEST SPECIMEN OP WORK. IN EXHIBITORS OWN OtcuRATIoN.—Mr. Rowland Prince. • SHORTHAND.—Miss Bailey. PEN AND INK SKETCHES, DRAWINGS &C.—Mr. F. J. Dunn, Mr. W. Isaac andMnster G. Shaw. PENCIL SKETC OF AN' E. Light.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
STATE REGULATI-ON OF viC& ideating at Warrington.

Mrs. Harper, her nother, corroborated every particu- lar, and said that when the foreman at the works sent her daughter home he quite believed that he had seen her for the last time-" The neighbours know all the facts, too," added Mrs. Harper. We all believed that _

A meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- street, on Wednesday evening tinder the auspices of the Manchester and District Association for the Abolition .of the State Regulation of Vice. There was a very small attendance, the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) presi- dinu6. The Chairman saidthe subject wasa very difficult .andunpleasant one, but he did not feel it was right to shirk unpleasant subjects. It was not right that any law should be passed protecting vice and enabling men -to sin with impunity.—An address was delivered by the rev. J. P. Gledstone, of London, who took for his subject " State Regulation of vice ; what it is, and why it should be abolished." The Rev.gentleman dealt with the question at length and pointed out,that.his.hearers as citizens were more or less responsible for all legislature whether it was for good or evil. He emphasised the evils arising fromAhe State regulation of vice and referred part cularly to the state of affairs in lndia and other countries where British troops are stationed.—The Rev. John Yonge moved " That in opinion of this meeting it is essential to the highest welfare of the British empire that wherever the system,of State regulation of vice is in force as in the case of India, Hong Kong, the Straits Settlements, Gibraltar, and Malta it should be utterly abolished?, I He said he moved the resolution very willingly and An Oxford undergraduate was charged at the oxford he hoped that the very small contribution of influence City Court on Wednesday with being drunk and dis- which could be expected to emanate from so small a orderly and with assaulting the police. The Acting gathering would at any rate have its share in helping to Vice-Chancellor of the defendant's college sent a letter promote a better public .opinion upon the matter than claiming the right to hear the case,and this was allowed. at present existed. He could not help thinking that it On Wednesday a ternoon a gable at the Ruislip was somewhat of a reflection upon the state of public Station of the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway in course opionion on the matter that the discussion of the sub- of, cimstruction collapsed, and buried four workmen ject gathered together such small companies. Mr. who were on the scaffolding, in the debris. Fortun- Gledstone addressed a similar gathering in that room wtely there was no fatality. The ;-nost, severe injury twenty years ago and he .(the speaker) thought he was was a compound fracture of one man's leg. The other correct in stating that there were perhaps twice as three were injured about the body. . mimy people present as there were on this occasion—cer- Renter's Berlin correspondent telegraphs that the tainly not more. He thought Mr. Gledstona would tell ! venerable Professor Theodor Mommsen was knocked them that the majority of meetings held were small in ' down by a cab on Wednesday, at the corner of the point of attendance, which indicated that Friedrichstrasse and Mittelstrausse,and sustained slight the state of public opinion was not very injury to the back of his head. His condition causes no active, earnest, and deep upon the matter. If only anxijty. The veteran historian recently met with an people would think about the subject and enter into it accident in his library, falling from a ladder and setting with a humane sympathy, with a sense of right,and with fire to his hair.

we were going to lose her.'" Some advice to people with weak hearts will be found in another column.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

SUCCESSFUL CONCERT.--A very succeissful concert was given in the Clrirch schools on Saturday evening under the direction of Mrs. Jennings, in aid of the funds of the new infants school at Padgate, and the Woolston school. The programme was sustained by a number of Liverpool ladies and gentlemen, and gave the greatest pleasure to the large audience, encores being frequently accorded. A pianoforte solo was very creditabl y executed by Mrs. F. D. Austin, and songs were rendered with good effect by Miss M. Roberts, Mrs. W. Austin, Mr. F. D. Austin, Mr. W. Roberts, and Mr. Paul Waring. A quartette "A Royal Queen" was very well received, and the recitations by Mr. E. Coops called forth high en- comiums. Mr. C. Harris provided the humorous element, and succeeded in keeping the audience in .a very happy mood.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FULL OF PRETTY GIRLS! Coventry's Gallant Reputation.

Coventry work-girls spend their lives in buildings for the most part well-eesigned, clean, and airy, where work is not unpleasant. This is perhaps why Coventry lasses rival in physique and attractiveness of appearance any of their sex.

Thus gallantly boasts the "Midland Daily Telegraph," which publishes the portrait of a typical Coventry girl, Miss Eva Harper, the daughter of a highly respect- , , ~- able family well known in the neigh- bourhood of its /4-j',-,•,. ~, ' ~. • ---, home at 64, George- a• it'f' 4 c.-,, ,_, \ street, Coventry. At one time in a 7 slowly dying con- . dition, Miss ,i• ~,t .- . Harper's recovery 44jr • • of perfect health .i. nd spirits (which - -- he owes to Dr. .:.., y, Williams' pink pills or pale people) was sur- ' ~,...---- ~ ::.* •S::•,. -----:'-':,,.11,. prise to her friends.•, A' 'At the age of fit- 'i teen "she said, "I , t ' began to be troubled with the

I

symptoms of anw- ' A Coventry zag.3lal:er. mia and to experi- ence the fainting fits shortness of breath, and ' lack of appetite, which, in spite of the most skilful medical treatment, were soon to make my life a burden. If I went upstairs it was with difficulty, I was so weak and my breath was so short. My cheeks and lips were colourless, and I suffered much from palpitation of the heart. I was under two doctors and took ever so many different kinds of medicines, but I continued in this state for over eighteen months, and was sent away from work. The first box of Dr. Williams' Pink pills did not seem to do me much good, but when I had taken the second I was able to eat the first meal I had really enjoyed for over twelve months. I took one box a week for a month, and at the end of that time I was sufficiently recovered to be able to go back to work. Six boxes in all restored me completely to health, and I feel as well now as ever I did in my life."

A pale cheek, dull eyes, poor complexion, lost breathlessness and palpitating heart denote poor blood. The condition leads to consumption: it is too danger- ous too neglect; too dangerous to play with, with substitutes. Rheumatism, paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, and other diseases of blood and nerves have been cured by the genuine pills. Do not risk your life with pur- gatives or substitutes. Miss Harper's fortunate recovery has raised her family from mourning to joy.

'4b

, „.. `.% IPPIP:1; -00 Timm'

sl V

===== 0002601_19030220_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Woman

full part', invaluable to la

jPatented.) Dept. 143, 11, Queen Victoria Street, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EEK.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
R V' THE SUMMONING OF THE COMMONS BY THE BLACK ROD.

fifteen of the last twenty years in prison and is an " habitual " without a doubt, and, if such a man is given the benefit of the doubt in the question of vanity or insanity, however brilliant his counsel's

piezt(iing,_the World will soon become not safe to

live in. his case is a great triumph for the police. and reflects the highest credit upon Inspect-in Collins and Macarthy, who had charge of t

.',,,„lrilviiii ~. I ! iti: ' 11 -:_—.110 COI it,4l, 114 61. ! ii'Al:l ' ----- iL —71111141[1, rw../ ." •----- ,4--ji' I I i,,,,,t .• ;7 'l.'l lji 11' Al, 1.1 t'''',,;, 111,1 ,'1,.; ,' .:.'.:4174! '.: at ' -C` ill I i • . - ir...-4 ,los 111,t4-?-fi f ;40 , '-,- Mq,:t : ' /(3,7 VI --i% it-_-_-•T---11 4" I, ' 'IR i*ef ~;,.; ...,!;.,• ••4' - ', '4' "" • ''‘ il,ik I' ,'",- ' "=.I ,:r II ,i . '• •••• - 01?,,,,114, . ...>„,...,,, • . Lit, ..„ , t , ~ I . •\.7 ..59 ,;4 4 v b i-: • / .. .; l ;,.. ~ ~., , , ,e4ll I I v - r•' A- ~, ' v-i fir. s•-' l• VI E I! ~, 7:-,44,;..4.;',:kic., it•-..4. tA,I- 8, •• , 1. • •/ ' ' 14,i•' ...>. r .'1 •.-1 .1 • -..u‘ (7E3,-f:.) , • '''. • W.: j. r . II ‘' 14 't '':i'/Ae't \ 'lli. !ti Wl' .1 )) ',/ Alii \i,,,,,,,;,,;1/‘ ,t*,._lv..---' A, . ~.•'W". ve .'... y )t.i.?;- 1./4 !!: _.:-_-_,...4 Et ' /07 i‘:.,;;,, ''' ' ' ~,,,,f, : ~,.- • !,,,,./, e. r ~.-• 41 =-_, = ..•-• ''"-irr- - k.,..-..._•_,,,-A----- Y tttX,;.'i:i.., •,, 4.. • ~/ //• / d " ' , , __.,_______:. _ --,,, --- ..,__ 11,,,.,,,... , _ ~:..,,,-;-:•_-__,,,_ . ,v4i....,,iii,:,./,,,„,//,,./, f. kvoit , L,,,,_„._,,,,,„:„...-_-: _____,....,___.k..,,,• ~,,,,„; .•I'ltu.u.. , ..........4.4 ''...... '''''' 4.1,..\''': •••te-T.- ,7,L)-1--i-,...10100. '. 41 c:"...'• ' /';' e .-----: I 4 '''41.2ja..1., r. , /. ..-_ ..10-4 • „:"-z±,Aq,,,a4., ,40,,.,,, ; ,0 ‘,..eij. ),(...,)_,,..„ -,,..,,.. - --- ---. Tv ^IIIC LORDS JITST PRIO

===== 0002601_19030220_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING OF PARLIAMENT.

His Majesty seems rightly determined to carry Dtit with proper pomp and pageant the duties which fall to the lot of a modern monarch under our own constitution; for on Tuesday. for tht third time since his accession, he drove in state tc. open the new Session of the Houses of Parliament, and present in person the Address from the Throne. The procession was as interesting and impressive as ever, and drew large crowds to the Mall and lion the route, to watch it and cheer the King, Who seems thoroughly to have recovered from his slight illness. The route was lined with troops under the command of Major-General Oliphant, who made his first public appearance as gen?ral commanding the Home district in succession to Sir Henry Trotter, and all the arrangements were well carried out. The King, accompanied by Queen Alexandra, drove in the now familiar State Coach, drawn by the celebrated team of eight cream., and the Royal carriage was preceded by five others, each drawn by six horses, and conveying the various members of his Majesty's Household. Reaching the Houses of Parliament, the King robed in the Prince's Chamber, and a procession was formed, the Duke of Devonshire bearing the Imperial Crown and the Duke of Norfolk (Earl Marshal) and the Marquess of Cholmondeley (the Lord Great Chamberlain) walking ire- mediately in front of the Marquess of Londonderry, who bore the Sword of State

DUKE OF ROXBURGH;

MR. GRETTON,

IN THE LORDS. IN THE COMMONS. in front of his Majesty, by whose side walked tht Queen. • The Prince of Wales, also, drove to the House in state, and sat on the right of the Throne. The King read the address, and then re- turned by the same route to the Palace about three 91;elock. The reply to/the address was moved in the b Pl3er House by the Duke of Roxburghe, seconded Y the Earl of Leitrim, and in the Lower House Was Moved by Mr. Gretton and seconded by Mr. Greville. The present session promises to be a busy one. First, the Venezuelan situation will be threshed out, and then the Guard' scandal, and \ then will come the Education Bill for London and the Irish Land Bill, while a Rediatribution Bill has been hinted at by Mr. Austen Chamberlain, and an Alien Immigration Bill is eagerly hoped for.

THE MARCorn sTAT;ON AT GIBRALTAR.

Wireless telegraphy, or " ethergraphy," as many People are beginning to call it. is without doubt the great thing of the near future, marvellous as such a statement would have seemed two or three years back. However, Mr. Marconi has made almost incredible advances during that time, and less than a month ago achieved the crowning triumph of sending messages across the Atlantic. Now it wants but little to render the system per- fect, the question of " tapping " messages being the greatest difficulty, and it is likely to be univer- 'sally adopted before long. The latest station Which has been selected for the installation of the Marconi system, is Gibraltar, and here it should be Invaluable, especially in time of war or isolation.

Not only will it be in direct communication with headquarters in London, but it will also serve as a handy and convenient medium of communication between fleets and ships, who do not know each other's whereabouts. In fact, under such circum- stances its true value can scarcely be estimated. The exact spot selected for the installation is the signal station at Europa Point, the southernmost extremity of Gibraltar, and during his recent visit Mr. Brodrick visited and approved it as Seeretary for War, while inspecting the defences of the Rock.- Mr. Marconi returned from his triumphs in the west last week, and was honoured by a special audience with the King, who is greatly interested in his great discovery.

c?Jt.7.1....' . ve---Tht, 4,110, —_____ . c 55..... ‘..\'% :-.- • -. C.--- r„...

THE MOVERS OF THE ADDRESS:

rl'. 1 4Akis :.1,i,.:. ~:iii*u'll!l'', . i ~..-.i. • , 4,'<hY,4,41/ i - . 1 ,/l ,---, , \ , ,i k ,r. , 1 ‘',./ ?I", '- WA ' • " ''.,"."' /0 A, \,//- ,o7f .://,, .;; ~,,,, • '•, , /,' •47 ~- / # 1 ) .k, i • ip, ?t , • H 1 iiii, iii. iii p II Vill -1-... •iind i ,

THE MARCONI STATION AT EUROPA POINT, RECENTLY VISITED BY MR. BRODRICK.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEYTON HORROR.

Seldom, if ever, has there been a case of such atrocious and cold-blooded murder as that for which " Edwards " (Owen is his proper name) will be hanged on Tuesday week at Wandsworth gaol, and public opinion is entirely against a repreive. The defence set up, the only one possible under the circumstances, was one of insanity, and, despite " Edwards's " terrible family history of drink and madness, it cannot be considered proven in his case. The line between sanity and insanity is a most difficult one to draw, but little sympathy can be extended to criminal who can so deliberately plan in the closing days of a term of imprisonment, a scheme of crime with a view to getting a fresh start in the world and carry it out so promptly and unerringly. There can be no doubt that the deaths of the Darl-y family were the direct result Of Edward's cogitations in prison, where he evolved this plan to get hold of a shop for nothing by murdering its inmates, and, had it not been for the breaking of a pane of glass at 89, Church Road, Leyton. it is highly probable that not only would the crime not have been brought home to him, but that Mr. Garland, Mrs. Garland, and possibly others would have been added to his list of victims. Foiled in his attempt to get hold of the Darbys' shop in Camberwell after the murders owing to the landlord's refusal to take him as tenant, "Edwards" immediately laid his plans with a view to acquiring another shop by similar means. Hence his murderous assault on Mr. Garland, who must consider himself a lucky man to ba alive to-day. Edwards, whose age is forty, has passed

===== 0002601_19030220_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
!ONDrAI.

EDWARDS."

MR. J. DARBY I and the story built up scrap by scrap outdoes anything that the famous Sherlock Holmes ever did. " Edwards" it is interesting to note, was identified as an habitual criminal under many other names by the Galion system of identification by finger prints, which is proving as valuable in 1 England as the Berti'lon system in France. BRITAIN'S BIGGEST LOCOMOTIVE.

MRS. DARBY.

It is generally believed that railway comp..":"...!Z;s are now in the throes of hesitation whether the future must be one of electrified railways, or whether the vast improvements eonstaatly being made in the steam engine will justify the retention of the old motive power. Railway companies are conservative, and do not relish the provect of their none too big dividends being hopelessly swallowed up fo- a very long time to come by electrification. Moreover, the steam engine has always been found reliable and safe, so that it may be very readily believed that if universal electrifi- cation does come, it will not be until motors much more reliable than those of the present are made. One of the latest improvements in steam locomo- tives is an engine designed and constructed at Swindon works, and placed on the Great Western system. It marks the limit in height and width available on English railways, and is probably the largest and most powerful engine working in Great Britain. It is now being utilised for the Cornish-

THE NEW GREAT WESTERN PASSENGER ENGINE

THE LARGEST LOCOMOTIVE IN GRFAT BRITAIN. man" expresses, which are accelerated so as to cover the distance of 118? f miles between Padding- ton and Bristol in two hours and ten minutes. a timing which gives an average running speed of sixty miles an hour. The boiler of the engine is of very large dimensions, and the tender has a carrying capacity of 4,000 gallons of water and five tons of coal. The total weight of engine and tender is 105 tons. A novel feature of this class of engine is the provision of a duplicate set of driving wheels, which enables the locomotive to be used for hauling the heaviest freight trains over the many severe gradients of the Great Western line. At present the services of two locomotives are required on several sections of the line. There are great hopes of a new engine to be put on the Great Eastern shortly. It has been designed to take heavy suburban tratile, and is expected to attain a speed of thirty miles per hour in thirty seconds. The Great Eastern Company say that if this engine comes up to expectations they will abandon the thought of electrification for ever.

V < „-"`i.t.-4\i.tt 1::::..c.1„ r oi -.T` e .'(`" . `1 ' \ ---.(1- 1 11, 11 d THE CO', NED MAN. "P ''

- -. -4......-14 ir- --._-:-_-_,777.77,..h."1!, • -..,--777,EZ-4,;',ii-f.,,k7 ,iti-• f. VA ----- • --,,,,r-----,,,-,:f4.-..`",,,Afr • • --;-'77,--47.;,?: -,-.':-.-----_-,.,-„..:A4.: ' ---/Z'-.""a1:44-.::-.-1,7-4,7,1":17.:2- ' qi,*-74-ttkall -;tlNt?''.4,M,(`;'3tMilr -....--.....,"-r-1,.,-......t.:"-:1.7.24--:.....,-4:1-1:,......,tt-L- ..,;....4-. -,:-. t....e-'- ________. ._-_-_—_-4,-...-----,----,.------sat-EF......-aps.,,,riet-te...." ----- '''--- - - -Ll._-- =.----7:,=-7.7:7:7.±----ji"..E..=_- .r.- ._

===== 0002601_19030220_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
A FAMOUS OLD JUG.

The famous West Mailing Eizabethan jug. th property of tile vicar and (quire:, wardens of West Mailing, Kent, which was sold by auction on Thursday for the purpose of raising money for the church fund,, ha been prt:.served in West Mailing since 1 I. West IV.:,llhw lies I).tween Sevenoaks and Maidstone, andr wit h East Mailing i a place of interest to arch:‘oogists and historians as marking the site of a priniiiive Sayon tribe, the Mallingas The Benedictine nunnery founded there in 1090 by the great Gundalf. Bi,hop of Rochester, was held by the Abbess by the singular tenure of ten pounds of wax and one wild boar from the oak woods that surrounded the convent. annually de- livered to the Bishop as a token or her subjection

THE WEST MALLING FLAGON WHICH WAS SOLD ON T lIU RS DAY.

to his see. ale silver-mounted stone-ware jugs, of which this specimen at West Mailing is so beautiful and rare an example, were much in vogue during the -whole. of the sixteenth century for domestic and, as this specimen . shows, probably also for ec:esiastical purposes. Collectors of ancient English ware have always been especially alert in their search after Elizabethan specimens, and once in a while they have an opportunity of acquiring examples. Such jugs as the \Vest Mailing specimen were generally imported from Germany, and were "Then decorated and mounted by our own English silvPrsmiths. The earliest of them seem to have been in use in the time of Henry VIII. The West Mailing specimen is an extreumly fine and rich example and has a repouss4 cover with a broad engraved neck-band, and a repousse base. At the junction of the neck and body is another narrower but richly-worked band, and this is connected with the base by four upright bars, the upper portion of which are human half-figures.

n , ---.. . cil:::' ~,' -- A -22 ;---... : • t. ::rrr"Z':"'•- ,T.,w•-r-ttt; cs,J, ~. tp., .., , ~ 1 . V v. 773, 1 - .1--- - ~----- - -7----__- - ~ 17 je..\--) •Y I ___--. . .-,--_—_- - i .\, t e h c _ • 7_7-__. ' s..' -:::.--- • Aet. .. __, 1. I _...- ...- • .= if =-- ....--x_- ~,------- Z=•-a-- • 'l,',,*----.--tiT53•6--3--v - 4i--ret".P.l,_ --z•--:-......._-4----e------d.:_.--,--__:.....1,-- - . _ . .-- , • ~.----

===== 0002601_19030220_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE

The Examiner, Friday, February 20, 1903.

FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

During this month many of the tailors and kessmakers who owe their reputations to the exeellency of their cut and fit, and wleese usual charges match their renown in strength and height so far relax their rules as to offer very reduced prices for a few weeks. This annual practice is done in order that they may continue to give employment to the large staff of works during this so-called dull season when there is a sort of lull in the sartorial world pending the arrival of the spring modes. I should, therefore, earnestly counsel the woman of good taste but limited means who can afford but few gowns, but must have these as near per- fection a q possible, so far as the cut and style are concerned, to avail herself of this annual opportunity and invest in a thoroughly good costume which will prove a source of satisfaction to herself and all beholders during the rest of the year. If one waits for another couple of months till the new modes are fairly launched one has also to wait the dressmaker's pleasure till the new gown is unfait accompli, while the price is nearly double what would be asked now.

. •,;.---,-A.NI: .. • . \ .. , . / / il : : \s\ , A ! ' • / . , • ‘„;., : :,f,* ,/ / ' i • • '. ' / .• ' 1 . / 1/ I '--—, ''INII. ' • ~,P-,,, ,,, i)r ,-, ,// 4 I -,.. - - __------- - , I ii(' .V /. ,A 4 - ~, / //

===== 0002601_19030220_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
A SMART TOILETTE.

A very smart toilette nas been sketched, the material in which it is expressed being a smooth surfaced black cloth of a firm yet light make. The skirt is well cut but quite plain but is full round the feet and tight fitting round the hips in the manner approved of at the present. Indeed, in spite of all that has been said and written the plain skirt of irreproachable cut is likely to continue fashionable through this year. It is a style eminently fitted to show a really good figure to advantage. The bodice of this costume fits the figure closely at the back and is stitched into a belt which is broader at the back than the front and comes to a point in the middle of the back much in the style of a Swiss belt. The cape like collar and deep cuffs are of red and white embroidery and are finished by tassels, while a row of tiny little gold buttons fasten the front. The hat has a black nelvet fiat crown, the brim being of stitched

• <MN. 404 . tfor ; ____/ ; ~/ '

===== 0002601_19030220_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAVELLING CAP.

black satin while a very stiff black land re 6 aigrette gives a semi-military but exceedingly smart appearance. A toilette of this style carries no date with it, and the wearer thereoi can indulge in the comforting assurance oi being well and tastefully dressed. In the world of millinery there is not mud to be noted save in the fragile and delicately tinted " creations " worn by those who are fortunate enough to be able to escape the worm of an English winter by sojourning in Egypt or on the Continent. There is depicted, how- ever, in my second illustration an exceedingly becoming and comfortable cap which was first introduced for the benefit of fair motorists but has also been adopted by those who have occa- sion to travel. For driving it is also very well suited as there is little to catch the wind an the peaked shade shelters the upper portion of the face from rain or dust. It is made so as to come well down on the hair, and a veil of chiffon or gauze can easily be arranged on it if neces- sary. Indeed, some of these caps made in a warm tone of crimson look very smart worE with a white chiffon veil spotted with chenille wound round so as to cover the face and crossed U the back with the long ends brought round

, ,--r\-tsja.7.ji ) L- '.* qa, ...... ," ' ' / - .i. , / fi'.: s 4:•',.;K:' i \ \it ' ~,.,1‘.., .• ~... • , ---_, ~:i ~ •/.1 '‘ '.14,...!,,, %°, , fr,:' -14‘,111e- t:.1 4A. \ r .'' '..- : '. ‘'s. k• , / •,!v, ;,.,41 ' z• i ,t \ % 1 . v i. t\l` •.`,”l V ..4, filio. /i. , •

===== 0002601_19030220_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY BODICE.

and tied under the chin. The folds of the ends cover the hair r..t the back and prevent it from getting wet or dusty or very untidy. I recently saw a very smart woman driving, wearing a navy blue cap of this shape and a well cut loose coat cut in the style of the guards, made of navy blue cloth piped with red at. the seams as was the cap. She looked .entinewly ecru- fortable and -workman-like. There are some very pretty chiffons offered for our inspection for evening wear, these ranging from elaborate toilettes to simple little blouses, although the fashionable blouse at present is apt to lack the charm of simplicity. The pretty bodice de- picted is, however, not very elaborate, and is altegether up-to-date. It is made in the cross- over style so much in vogue with a little vest of drawn and gathered chiffon filling up the V left. The sleeves also boast a frill of accordion pleated chiffon to mat-. 4), which depends from a strap of pearl embroidery.. At one side ef the bodice is a novel and smart arrangement of 'silk and lace caught in the centre by a brillimt buckle. It would be very ea:4 to adapt this style to a last season's bodice as the cross-over could be'made .of lace, chiffon or gauze and the bow only requires to be neatly adjusted to prove a success,

I notice that 'la regard to evening- coiffures there is a tendency not to puff the hair out (mud the face in such an exaggerated manner as was recently worn, but the hair, instead, is worn much closer to the head and is parted down the centre and loosely waved by thus whose features are classic and regular. Maly also continue to wear the hair dressed on the belt of the head.

COQUETTI.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Pe*-i..,,, of 0 . 61, , ...\,..,,, loa _t. q—' ~4•4: kl,:fe...tr- tk * t/rota, 1 'M ‘,..-% Anztho- 1 IW \ Nobiecs ,- ;1.2:41 0 •?,' ..4,q, Sc .le Great c ~ I ..6,1e Barvain 0 Cata- :-......i .., i\---'i 1 logue, , , i'N':7!sl NOBLE,L,,, tli:t contains ' A, Hund;eZs of People s -.--Z7... other Bargains. t.l Providers. -9.,... / • ''. ~,.. 0 , .• MODEL 1509. i ds;t„ Thi , Dainty Little Paleiot is made from 41 ~h,", a splendid wearies Frieze Cloth, with the .r 1 0' coilz; strapped Black Satin. May be had [4 -,Direct from the Makers in Grey, Fawn, 4, t.--r Red. Navy or Black. 4, 11.1 Lennths 24 27 30 33 36 ins. i Prices 8/9 9/9 10/9 11/9 12/9 Carrie sd. extra. t ~, . tz -' '"' " 7147„.11.1;T"4'''''rs ''''. 'f'' • ' ~-.. c.

' ''' e- '-‘" -..“—:-Aitokt ‘• 1:11":47.'''".... , ' • !,77...,_"'" .... .., ig)/ 5. 6) ' , ?0, ,„; . 4, • * • ~ ..,,o, -:7-1;:i. - .tol - - ~.. , 4,41 es, ,# . , r % aA,ty?

===== 0002601_19030220_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S GHAT..

The London season does not commence until Ma y but many leading people in Society always return to town for the opening of Parliament. It seems strange that the wealthy and leisured classes should select for a sojourn in town those months during which the country is most attractive, but from now until the end of July that part of the West End which- is given up to the fashionable world, will present a crowded and busy aspect. The Lenten season is not now the period of abstinence it used to be, and the leading modistes, who are already planning new toilettes to be worn at the Courts, expect to be fully employed. They were, however, not at all pleased with the Royal intimation that the peeresses might wear their, Coronation robes at the opening of Parliament. Some who do not appear to the best advan- tage in the robes, availed themselves of the option to appear in a Court dross without a train, but on the whole this new departure meant the loss of many orders to the fashionable dressmakers.

Easter will be two weeks later than last year, and in this it accords with the opening of Parliament which is also two or three weeks later than usual. Easter, which falls on the 12th April, may however be as late as April 25th, or as early as March 22nd. If regarded purely as a holiday, a late Easter is preferable, as the chances are not only in favour of better weather, but the advance of Spring gives a more delightful appearance to the country. It has even been suggested that, instead of continuing a •movable feast, the Church should give Easter day a settled date, and that it should be the third Sunday in Apr 11. In former times there was an officer of the Royal Court who was known as the " King's Cock Crowe-r " and, during the season of Lent, he used to crow the hour of the night, instead of calling it. This was in accordance with the usual custom, during Lent, which was no doubt intended to remind people of the effect which the third crowing of the gook had upon, St. Peter. This however was put a stop to by George 1. whose acquaintance with old English customs was somewhat limited. On the first Ash Wednesday after his accession, the officer entered and crowed" past ten o'clock " whilst the Court was assembled at supper. The astonished King mistook the crow for an insult, but though it was explained to him, that it was all in. ac- cordance with Court customs, it was never afterwards repeated. The recent exhibition at the Crystal Palace shows that great progress is being made in improving the motor car. It is still no doubt a long way off that near approach to perfection for Which many people are waiting before investing in one, but the manufacturers seem at last to be succeeding in making them a little less costly than formerly. When they first came out, some people were sanguine enough to think that every family would soon be able to have its motor car, and to run it for next to nothing, as compared with the cost of a horse and carriage. We are still a long way off the realization of such dreams, but it is said that the great Mr. Edison, who has achieved so many wonders, will sooner or later pro. duce an electric storage battery that will bring them I within range of possibility. , There is, at any rate, very Ilittle doubt that the noisy, evil-smelling vehicles, will before long give place to quiet, smooth-running, and let us hope comparatively inexpensive cars. Stoles no longer appear on tea-gowns and Empire frocks only, but they are finding a place on many of the newest evening gowns, blouses, coats, amid coatees. Falling from the shoulders, to almost reach the knees, they are often elaborately embroidered, the edges being run in and out with chiffon, or baby ribbons, and the ends fringed. It is, in this particular instance, skill, rather than costly fabric that tells, and to those women who embroider well, these stoles open up wide possi- bilities.

The sash, sometimes of chiffon, but more frequently of chins ribbon, six to eight inches in width,still appears on many of the smartest ball gowns, to which it affords a delightful finish. The loops are carelessly knotted, and the ends fall always to the edge of the skirt. In belts there is a decided change. For some time past the rule has been that they should mount high at the hack, and dip down low and narrow in front. Now we do not seem to be able to build them wide enough in front. The latest of these belts are really corselets, most carefully shaped, draped, and boned. They are by no means so becoming to the average figure, as the belts high at the back, and dipping down well in front, and will probably enjoy but a short vogue. . .

Women wile .store of - ancient tieasures should promptly unearth them, for there probably never was a time when old world articles of attire were of greater service. For example. there are the old lace lappets which we can arrange in our hair, and be quite up-to-date; the stiff little bows and rosettes we can sew on to our gowns and shoes; the deep lace capes coming to a point in front, so much sought after at the moment; the lace tucker which is finishing off the Mcollotage of all the best evening bodices; and the wide lac 6 sleeves which appear to such adyantage under the bell-shaped sleeve of the present day. For these, and many more old-world items, there is a use just now, and the opportunity is too good a one to lose. The fashionable writing paper is either soft grey or blue, the stamping being carried out in white. Plain white writing paper has not enjoyed much favour for some time past, though it is still of course, much used by the ordinary world. Quite small sheets and enve- lopes, are not correct; For some time they have been increasing in size, and happily, as even in these days of brief letter writing, the one time microscopic sheets were of little use while only the most scanty address could be got, together with the necessary stamp, upon the envelope. The craze of sealing one's letters with crest or monogram,still exists,the colour of the sealing- wax.exactly matching that of the paper. It is curious to find how few people there are who possess letter-scales. Of course in these days when four ounces of letter go for a penny, the perplexities of life in this particular direction are almost over, still even yet occasions remain. when the absence of a letter-balance causes much anxiety and•bother. The usual war out of the difficulty is to employ the kitchen scales, but these unhappily are often superior to mere accuracy, or they decline to be put in motion by anything less than, say, a quarter of a pound. It is seldom one finds letter scales among Christmas, wedding, or birthday gifts, yet it is a want that is occasionally felt in almost every household. MADGE,

Colonel A.S.Sadler, the popular member for Middles- borough, told an amusing story the other evening (says the "Westminster Gazette") at the local Conservative Club that has a pungent bearing on the vexed question of "ragging." His son is an army officer who dis- tinguished himself on more than one occasion during the recent South African campaign. Young Sadler, like all newly joined men, "had to 4.10 through the usual routine of horseplay." " 'Matters became so unbearable one night that my son came to the conclusion that he had suffered long enough. He threw one of his tormentors over the billiard table, placed the second on the sick list for six weeks, and blacked the eye of the third." And, added Colonel Sadler, in his inimitable way, mold a roar of laughter. "he has had a very pleasant life in his regiment ever since."

===== 0002601_19030220_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A RAILWAY MAN'S CASE.

Debility, weakness which comes without warning. a loss of strength and force, a sudden inability to do the day's work, comes to many men and women. Those who suffer from Debility should remember that it is a weakness due to weak kidneys which, failing to cleansr, the blood, leave it impoverished and clogged with impurities. _

10E. G. Smitten, a railway ruin, of Bardney Station, Lincoln, was suddenly stricken with debility and for three weeks had to stop away from his work. During that time he was in the doctor's hands, but the treat- ment did no good. "T lost a lot of blood each day," Mr. Smitten says. The sufferer had begun to despair of ever being cured, when he heard of Dodd's Kidney Pills.

The first box did him good and now he is "quite cured and am at my work again as well as ever." This is what Mr. Smitten says himself. Tt is one more proof of the wonderful curative effects of Dodd's Kidney Pills, which act directly' on the kidneys and so ensure sound hoalth and a robust body.

Dodd's Kidney Pills are 9d.- per box, of all Chemists, or post free on receipt of price from The Dodds Medicine Co., 23, 14`arringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Be sure of the name, D-o-d-d-'s•

===== 0002601_19030220_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CaURCHES. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

An Open Meeting.

Wycliffe Church was filled on Sunday afternoon on the occasion of an open meeting in connection with the P.S.A. Society, when the members were allowed to bring their wives and lady friends. Mr. Bindloss presided and briefly introduced Captain Harvey, of the Liverpool Seamen's Friend Society, who delivered an address in the absence of Mr. H. Clark. The speaker based an interesting and instructive address on "Opportunity." The Warrington Male Voice Choir sung several selec- tions, in an efficient manner. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., conducted, and the solo part in "Psalm 42," was sung by Mr. Hassall.—The Bev. John Yong° briefly addressed the meeting.—A collection was taken on behalf of the P.S.A. funds.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Ellesmere-strect Mission.

Councillor W. Brough preached at a special service held in this mission on Sunday evening in aid of the choir funds. The service was for the most part choral, being entitled" Heaven our Home." As a text upon which to base his discourse the preacher chose the words "And they shall come from the east, and from the west, and from the north, and from the south, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and shall be at rest." Solos were rendered by Mrs. Davenport, Mr. Warburton,. and Mr. Drinkwater, and a duet by Miss Humphreys and Mr. Drinkwater. The choir contributed nine or ten pieces, all bearing on the subject. Mr. Anderson officiated as organist and Miss Patty Taylor accompanied on the pianoforte.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Evangelistic Services at Buckley-street.

A fortnight's mission is being conducted in this place of worshiP, by Captain W. and Mrs. Clark, of Liverpool. A meeting of welcome to the Missioner and his wife was held on Saturday evening. Mr. J. J. Fairhurst (president), on behalf of the church, welcomed Captain and Mrs. Clarke, and said he trusted they would make themselves feel at home. The workers of the. church would put forward every effort to make the mission a great success. in reply, the Missioner expressed the pleasure it gave his wife and himself to be 'so heartily welcomed, and urged them to work diligently in bring- ing people to the mission. There were large congrega- tions on Sunday, when Mrs. Clarke preached morning and evening. Yn. the morning she took as her text the words " Unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given," and in the evening " Verily, verily." The sermons were full of earnest gospel appeals, and a great impression for good was made upon the congregations. Captain Clarke addressed the Sunday school in the afternoon. At the evening service the choir rendered a special anthem, which was greatly appreciated. Mr. Albert E. Trow was the organist. The services during the week have been largely attended.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Golborne-street Baptist Church.

The Pastor continued hie,discourses on Sunday even- ing last, and preached on the "Incarnation" or "How God became Man." Groat interest has been aroused, and on Sunday the chapel was crowded, many being unable to find seats. Having appealed for the sympathy and attention of the congregation in discussing such a metaphysical subject, the preacher went on to say that the fundamental assumption of the Christian religion was that Jesus Christ was the Incarnate God. If that assumption was false then the whole superstruc- ture erected thereon must fall to the ground. In the opinion of many minds that view of the person of Christ was an incredible andabsurd one and altogether unthinkable. He ventured to say however that such a conclusion could only be arrived at from a false promise namely that God and man were essentially unlike each other. The idea of the incarnation was not a modern idea and in the mytholgies of Greece and Rome tem- porary incarnations of deities formed the basis of many myths and legends. Those incarnations were, of coarse, gross and revolting as compared with the Christian view of the incarnation but they served to illustrate the fact that an incarnation was not foreign to the human mind and it has still to be proved that such an idea was incredible or unthinkable. The assumption that, man and God were essentially unlike was altogether untenable and the whole religious hietorY of mankind bore witness to the kinship of God and man. Worship was only made possible on the sup- position that the One above was in some respects at least similar to the one below. The study of scripture emphasised that truth clearly and that being so then they might safely infer that there must of necessity be some kind of Revelation. The God who would not reveal Himself could ndt be all good and the God who could. not reveal Himself would not be all powerful. The dis- course was listened to with rapt attention and next 'Sunday evening Mr. Dunnico will devote the whole of the sermon to the objections raised against the doctrine.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S FORTHCOMING CONCERT.

On Tuesday next the Warrington Musical Society gives its final concert of the season in the Parr Hall. As will be seen from the advertisement on our front page, the artistos will be Madame Alice- Esty, Miss Lilian Hovey and Mr. Charles Saunders,—soprano, con- tralto and tenor respectively—each and all of whom have already won favour with Warrington audiences. Mr. Ivor Foster (the bass vocalist) and Mr. William Henley, solo violinist, will, if we mistake not, both appear at these concerts for the first time. The programme is of a miscellaneous character and includes amongst its novelties two items of-music from tbepen of an English composer who is rapidly rising to front rank—Dr. Elgar. One of these is the "Coronation Ode" which was so much and so effectively en evidence last year. The work was composed for the Grand Opera Syndicate for state performance at Covent Garden and is dedicated "by special permission" "To His Most Gracious Majesty KING EDWARD Vii., by His Majesty's loyal anddceoted Scrrants and Subjects, ARTRUR CHMSTOPHER BEN- SON AND EDWARD ELGAR."

It is divided into six movements (I) Introduction, soli and chorus, "Crown the King," (2) Chorus " Daughter of Ancient Kings," (3) Solo (bass) and chorus (tenors and basses) " Britain, ask of thyself," (4) Soli (soprano and tenor) " Bark, upon the hallowed air," and Quartet (four principal voices) " Only let the heart be pure," (5) Quartet and chorus (unaccompanied) "Peace, gentle peace," and (6) Finale (contralto solo I and tatti) Land of Hope and Glory." The score, in . addition to the usual orchestra, soli and chorus parts, includes a military band, organ, and harp, all of which material,except the military bit nd, will be requisitioned lon Tuesday next. The writer of the annotated I programme of The Halle Concerts Society -speaks of I this important work in terms of such -warm appreci- ation as to savour somewhat of fulsome adulation. But without indulging in any local pre-judgment of the work it may be interesting to quote a few sentences from these analytical notes. In regard to the closing portions of the first number, "Crown the King," we learn that the march theme in which its varied measures culminate, represents "a universal prayer innate with the feeling of triumphal trust, the all conquering spirit of the nation's faith in God and itself," the final bars being "wonderfully illustrative of this state of mind which seems to be the spirit animating and permeating the whole of this first movement; the daring to hope being justified by a strong faith as expressed by the opening phrase, and the hope and the faith being based upon the solid and practical foundation of a great tenacity of purpose expressed by the slow chromatic movement in the inner parts and hams." The four-part chorus "Daughter of " the note-writer regards as "very short nel very sweet," the whole munber being "replete with the most chaste and poetic feeling." "Britain ask of thyself "is in the strongest possible contrast, being,(for male voices only) "martial, rugged, and strop.'" e ending,with its fff for fullest orchestra with alCd thrums, trumpets, cymbals and military band, " pealing forth victory!" Hark upon the hallowed air " we are told that we have "a moat delicious piece of instru- mental writing, .descriptive, or more appropriately illustrative, of the beauties and attributes ot music. Dr. Iggar is certainly to be congratulated upon the skill and taste displayed in this most ideal number," and referring to the musical phrase to which the words " Only let the heart be pure '. are set, and to its treat- ment in full orchestral form, our author con- tinues : "special attention is drawn to this as to a rare inspiration, executed as only the greatest and most refined master of his art could do it." The contralto solo " Land of hope and glory" which forms the Finale has for its fundamental theme the fine melody which concludes the first number, this theme being in fact "the central as well as the culminathw idet of the Coronation Ode. To an overwhehning march rhythm, the proud and confident pulsation of the hearts of millions of happy and loyal subjects, the whole nation rises and sings with all the enthusiasm born of love for country and King— 'Hark a mighty nation maketh glad reply; Lo, our lips are thankful, 10, our hearts are high ! Hearts in hope uplifted, loyal lips that sing; Strong in faith and freedom,we have crowned our King ! —a triumphal hymn, the conclusion of which unites t several themes in a. laurel wreath of fame with which Dr. Eiger in this magnificent work has crowned himself :Is well as his King and his nation !"

The Most Nutritious.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
E P Pi s s

Grateful—Comforting.

C C f,w A

Breakfast—Supper.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
TORTURING DOMINO Skin, Scalp and Blood Humours

Speedily Cured by Cuticura Soap; Ointment and Nils

When the Best Physicians and

All Else Fail.

The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled head; the facial disfigurements, as in pimples and ringworm; the awful suf- fering of infants, and anxiety of worn- out parents, as in milk crust, tetter and salt rheum,— all demand a remedy of almost superhuman virtues to success- fully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills are such stands proven beyond all doubt. No statement is made regarding them that is not justified by the strongest evi- dence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy have made them the standard skin cures, blood purifiers and.humour remedies of the civilized world.

Bathe the affected parts with hot water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Oint- ment freely, to allay itching, irritation and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and, lastly, take the Cuticura Resolvent Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood. This complete treatment, costing but 4s. 9d., affords instant relief, per- mits rest and sleep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching, burning and scaly humours of the skin, scalp and blood, and points to a speedy, permanent and economical cure when all other remedies and the best physi- cians fail. _

:.,, • ~,,..,-..,,,,,..,,,,,,, s ~: c A Erp r , y 01, 3 r.,- I.V 0 , ~. kk s S ' d4...k ky- kt COCOA t.. 7,2 s kt, - Abso!utely nu s S Parefore C[ST. s S

CADESURY's Cocoa N. contains no added starch, alkalieE, or colouring matter, which are often used to disguise poor and inferior Cocoas. Entirely free from all

forelgn substances, such as Kcla, Malt, Hops, etc. Being perfectly tiz) S pure, it does not thicken in the cup. .2, "A Cocoa that is essentially pure ,-- is that manufactured by Messrs. ‘) Cadbury Bros., whose name alone ' 1 - is a sufficient guarantee of the (.71 excellence of their goods. The S st,mulating and ' strengthening properties of their Cocoa cannot Ni 0 be too highly appreciated. A cup r; before retiring to rest will be 0 \-) found especially beneficial in inducing sleep." ig 6) % The Gentlewoman. _T'l 0 ‘5 CADEUR'Y's Cocoa .6LS f:4 Avolutnly Pure, '• therefore Br , . - -, 1 • '..T.-:-.31 L_.44,

tegn

===== 0002601_19030220_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
PROCIAI4III

0 N

7- c 7 any person 1 within tAeso - realms, Being a oonswiner of the - famous British. cereca goc4 cal Zed

===== 0002601_19030220_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
1 C ti,''' IV ig , AbC • ': :'' 69

• di• , ett,

iiZ Ce:116., 1:0 t/10 undersignea", 3 2-Z. " 7Zrci,cr.3.6. " Oats coupcns, anc7 ed. in cash, or 15 241.3. coupons anew zc Ile Cr she '_Lill receive :Post gree, a beautiful Fltrr aftror-pZatecig.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
GE .7" '44:'4krThrl,zr; * ' Z 2. ' ,

••,, ',that 1.4..'-'11.‘.7 zna-t,:ch, 'a z., ... 1 , , ... ... P 1 4 ... A Coupon i 3 on every • ....10,NC- packet of " Prevoct '''-,,,:...,,..,, . ~ , . . Oats. which Is the ' finest Porridge Food '

In the WO-rid.

R. ROBINSON & SONS, Annan, NM.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND TowLE,SPEB6NNsYTREOEYtAL plus FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALT. OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1/1k & 2,9 (contains three times" the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TowLE-It co., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Beware of Imitations, inj,:r:oas and worthless.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
,

CURES when all other Remedies fail

IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

RELIEVIHG ALL PAIR AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES

The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/1;1, of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON. Chomists, CHELTENHAM.

_ cAsk your CA rocer for Jr, .., , '' ' -,.....: ,At'tAtz"ri,,,, ' s?.. • 1 -----'%77 _,..., (- 4,,,,,,, ~,,,T ..,,,,} 1r .--,.",.."- ._fi • • . 4.. k,,,.• ..,,,. , . ~ .._., --x..... /.. c 0 - ---....,..!2,..T. .. , , el,' • • , ', . ' •,, The Purest. The (heapesr 't::*4 and the be.sl: . i'Y . 6.y.k. , *PS, ••"'• ~,' 0 . •,•"......‘-.6 ~S, -‘•-••••...-, • 4 ONCE USED It becomes a Household necessity. ..,,, .NV .-'-' • ' ," ' • 0-4 ..,: ' ':" T 'a ~ , f ... k ... 'i 1 ' •', '. ' , ,-.., - EDIN,p; • o_p_`'.:''; ' t • 5 slt • 5..-‘ 7.11/4.. i; \-• ,_=, ~..,,, ~, ~,,,..: -:-..

Ay'isWsWifc'NiiihYiaYtViWiYtitfttia%YtV GUT A 0009 FIGURE

erinfirA, gr- E:

by wearing a corset scientifically made with all the meet recent iknotemements for tile Puppert and .i. beautifying of the " gh-class a wpulaispri(

liZ . . .... Beautiful in Constructzon Unrivalled in Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, rive no under pressure but yield to the movements of the leafy, and the side supports are tNIIREAKABLE. .1.- ?,..: Modelled in different shapes to suit various types of ...,1.4 - figures, they ytelff a most graceful and rounded a! -: appearance. .6 -... Prices, 3/11} to 10 e. --... .%. Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Indies' ... outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest agent. I? Insist on having Me J.S. SidoS,rinfr Corset— I The Best. —... .c IMPORTANT.—The wear of every J. 13. Corset es- _ Is stibwrit vastly Ruw.w..77od by the— Sot,;ti MANCFAITT.Rrit. J. S. BLAIR, Croat Ancoate Street, Manohester. myhymmffmAAWAOMIAMAAMMAIMWMt

FOR

(,eref' 14 71, €l,ls

figiiii--A -lug corset at Ice. '.,.. ... ..4..- , - .V..• ' ..,, i ~,,,st , ,:. . -.*•,:,,,. Ei 4‘ .1 .. ' , cm COMM L-r, re. .e- -. 4 .`,.1 i Patent ".-Vtl.t Si4e-Sprin 1 CORI g. \ e:4.;111 ''. Y SET. Ii

I

===== 0002601_19030220_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGE&CO

b 4 Irt,—dgmg.tintovAs... . t

SEED COMPOUND

is a reliable old English home remedy. It .softens bard phlegm. permitting .rt to be expectorated without ztrain. sbotlung the membranes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- perienced. There is nothleg to equal it. Of all Chemists at home and abroad. Refuse the many substitutes offered. Price, 9Ad.. WC 2/9.

,i.DS,, , \ .... _7---- ~...._____ ____:--7.- USE --.7.. --,... 44 . . , ir LIN"I7D ,t • :,---.:c,i......, %,... , eareinert=ru-z"..: c..-.",:nAl-ri 95". i TRADeetOr4:77lo" nirit J., /412 f MARKtke. I..tiro 6-40 OF cratzgar=rcaramyazv tt..=, '- 9 KAY ....)A 'S COMPOUND assEirF,, %‘ol= LINSEED ANISEED ET. 2'll. 4 4 I N ~

===== 0002601_19030220_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030220_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "o:amtner zfrertes

T" .6 EARLBSTOWN AND NTCV7TON. EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon.

Three

Six Weeks.

18 Os. 6d. '47 36 45 54

... le. 3ti. ... 2e. Od. ... le 10d. ... 3s. Oci, ... 2e. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 3e. Id. ... se. M. ... 3e. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

13 omestir Otrbants. ttr

WVANTED. good COOK; kitehen-mAid kept.—Apply, A. 9IMP3OIg. Elmhurst. narstang

Liverpool.

TIE e WARRINGTON AND MID-CHREIHIRR EXAMINER." published every Saturds— morning.

T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon.

rr FI " RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every 1. Friday afternoon.

T" " WiDNICS EXAMICEI2," published every Friday aiternoon. One Week. Weeks.

ANTBD R god General SHRVANT. —Apply, Mrs Owes, Peel Hall, Astley, near Bolton.

--- WANTED. a Young WOMAN, ffa or rmhogse.—J. LANGTON, Park Hall, Blaekrod, Morley.

_ NVANTRO. experieneeci COOK-GIINBRAL.—Apptv Dr. McFALL, 1, Tuebrook-terram Tnebrook, Liverpool

WANTED. a GENERAL SERVANT; good wages; no washing 90, ADMIRAL-9T., Princess Park, Llverpo3l.

WVANTBD COOK-GBNIIRAL ; four in family; Home- maid kept.—Write Mrs WALTER. 282, Lytham-road, Blackpool.

WANTED. a respentable GILNIIIRAL ; good reference ; age from 20 to 26 years.—Apply 8, RODNET-STREKT,

W.ANZBL'gr°°.K 2118rioryfaMigrUn4t Reddish. Stockport.

WANTBD Good GENBRAL, about 20 year.; good wages to suitable girl ; references required.—Mrs RENSHAW Birtle Vicarage, Bury.

WVANTED Good GEN3RAL at once ; two in family. reference required. -Apply. between 5 and 7 p.m, BO B DGR-L AN E, Liverpool.

‘VANTRD GRNERAL, for family of four; no children ; washing ; [good wages ; references.—KEßß, 34, Wardle-road, Sale, Manchester.

VORTH WALBS sit/WANTS' RRGISTRY, 2, Gs,mlin- street, Phyl.—Cooks,Generals,Housenrxids, Waitresses, Nurses, %c.—Stamp for reply.

LICTRD GIRL (20, strong and respftatable), as General washing; assist in bar occasionally.--liaoacs OF VENISON, Dale—street, Manchester.

ANTRD Respectable GIRG. 16 to 19. to assist with V housework ; gooi home; nice viIIage.—SUNNYILLNIC. birch. Heywool near Manchester.

NITANTRD, 20 GIiNgRALS with good references; able V YOUNG GIRLS. good wages.—n. OLDHAM-STREET (over Meypole Dairy), Manche•ter.

T RO-ITTH PORT AND DISTRICT, all classes of SHR- VANTS WANTBD ; references.—Mrs SToTT. Central Agency, 4, Liverpool-road, Birkdale.

WANTED, a thoroughly experienced GENERAL SER— VANT; good wages; no washing.—Apply by letter. ?ors. J. LAYCoCX, 'labs Cross. Wigan.

NIVANTBD good phin COOK, irnctrdistely ; state age V wagß ; good references required.—Address, Mrs. PARRS, Bank House, Bury, Lancashire.

-- WA.NTED, GENERAL SERVANT about 20. Trades- man's • amain family ; light duties ; state wages.— Mrs. BERMAN, 24, Railway-street, Altrineham. ..

WVANTBD. February 2nd, Superior UNDFR-HOUSH- MAID ; good reference easential.—Apply, Mre OUTSIAM, Newland Hall. Bay Horse, Lancaster.

'UTANTD at once, respectable Girls as GIiNBRAL SBRVANT ; smill family. —Apply NEL/am, Wyth burn, Lady Bridge-road, Cheadle, Hulme,Manchester.

"NyANTBD COOK-GENSRAL in a small family ; Church- woman ; good references indispensable ; housemaid ;.sept.-31 rs BROUGHTON,Redeae, Heaton Mersey. Manchester - - LL CLASSICS OF SSW:ANTS ready from country or town,public and private—Call or write Miss HARRISON'S (only office), 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. listab. 1862.

if ANTED daily, several GBNBRALS, Cooks, House— VT maids ; some master arid mistress only.— BOTTOMLEY'S liFuisTay, Morley-street, Bradford, Yorks.

kVANTED good plain COOK age not over 30; dairy and baking.—Address, stating age and wages, to Mrs Bt. I,DVEY, Thornton Hall, Milder Thornton, near Chester.

(3J ANTED (31114101 AL able to wash, family four. wage; VT £l4 ; also Norse. about lg. for two young children, wages 4s weekly —Apply METCALFE. 49 Derby—street. Moss Side. Manchester.

I2XPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at R _Li moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TIM!, 70. ,4000-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

A LL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and public, r• good homes, excellent w.ges ; places in town, country •and seaside.—Write IO HARRISON'S, OLDRBT ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester.

- -- (100 KS WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitresses £lB V to £22, Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to H ARRISON'S, 6. Oldham-street, Manchester.

ALL SREVANTS requiring situations as Cooks. Parlour maids. Houteinaids. Kitchenrnaids, Nurses, Generals. or Men Servants ehmild apply at once to THE FRENCH AND Swiss AGENcy,I37 Charing Cross-road. London.

_ RS. CLARKE'S RE3ISTRY, STOCKPORT.—WANTS .IVI COOK, GRNBRALs. HOUSEMAIDS, Generals for public. Generals for small families, no washing; Bxnerienoed Upper Housemaid, £26. at liberty, Housemaid, £2O.

- CIULLY TEA.INED HOSPITAL NURSES available at any time, day or night. for medical. surgical, mental,fever, aceouchment. and massage eases.—Apply MATRON, Insti- tute for trained nurses. Wigan.—Telegraphic address " NURSES " Wigan.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
ICO be ?et.

PRNKETH.—Cottaires 44 Od., 3s. 9d. and Zs. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 27 CATHERIZZE STREET. 4s. 3d , per week. 16 WELLINGTON STREET, ss. per week. 17 pIERporNT STREET, 4s. Od., per week. is DIAL *TRERT SHOE, 55., per week. 19 GER STREET, 3s. 6d. pm.' week. 12 CLARE'S BUILDINGS, 4s. ed., per week. Apply RonEBT LowE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War, rington. Telephone—No 55.

Ble3 LBT good bay window house : three bedrooms ; I Rent 4s. per week.—Apply WARBURTON, DaHam Farm. Warrington.

9-0 BR LET OR SOLD.—PRNICHThf,near WARRINGTON IL —The old Penk.th CABINET WO whti, !leis and other buildings, suitable for manufacturing purpoiims.—Apply Mr. Roma LOWE., L Bank-streat. Warrington.

I.TICTORIA. BUILDINGS, HIGH-STRICHT. RUNCORN.— V First 'lcor offices, large lofty rooms ; advantageous post- tion.—LEscit, 44. High-street, Runcorn.

- MBRSBY CHAMBERS, 60, HIG-H-STRBRT, RUNCORN. Large office on first floor, facing street, immediate possession ; mederate rent. —LEACH, 44, High-st., Runcorn, •71 BRIDGE-STREMT, RUNCORN.- TO Bi LET, SHOP, and large roomy house, good business locality, oppo- site Market-plaee. rent rnoierate ; immediate possession.— LrAcs, ESTATE AGENT, 44, High-street, Runcorn.

To LBT. STABLE and COACHHOUSS, witb lofts OVd _I large yarclfattached off Tanners Lane.—Appf9 WOODS Soo 4olleit ors. 55. Noreen+ arketstree Warringt3n•

/ILK.—Wanted, one or two &dries otlMilk,any quantity; 11l references to farmers.—WHlTE, 81, Boater-et-Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
jitlarbtilern, etc.

ri AS ENGINES. Robinson's " HR " Gas Engines are reliable and easy to pet down. —RealiNsoN, Great Bridgewater Street. Manchester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITHID (late Ormerod, 1.7 Grierson and Co.). Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortmeat of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel. Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns telonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•rond Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwrlght,and all 'kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues oi Wheel and Pulley Patterns on application. N T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic: address: " Ormerod Grierson, Manchester."

PATENT OF FIOP. M ANOMBSTER ENTABLI9I(ILD IN 1835. Messrs. GIC, )GB DAVIES ft SON have hal more than 40 years' perm), al experiencein clonneOtion with this Establish- ment andpo*sesspraetical !Eno wtedle of the cotton,woolien and iron manufactures. " Solf-bAlp to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " o.lnnial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.D., & SOM. 1P.1.P.A., M.S.& 4,8 T. ANN'S SQUARB, ABOHRSTBR

LETTERPRESS PRINTING,

AND BOOKBINDING. WITH THE GREATES r DESPATCH.

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS. BIS W lIBT-STUBBT,WARIUNGTON.

BD ETHEIL IT.M.F.C. SCHOOLS. Hindley Green.— P WANTHD, ASSISTANT MISTREISS, Art. 50 or Ex-P.T., Art. 68. Salary seeording to qualifications Applications with teatimoniala to W.Bnowx, 13, Leigh-read, Hindley Green, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
llottls, Vparos, 33oarbinq 05tab5

===== 0002601_19030220_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, February 20, 1903.

411i5reilanou5, en zales, at.

11115retiartou5, netattl, etc.

VUTURII INTRNDED'S true Photograph, marriage, 17 1: stamps.—Asugasox,B2,St Paul'a-rd, Tottenham,London

===== 0002601_19030220_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTCARD brings you list of lovely fanny goods. —Free gifts.— GUINNESS, Icglingtou—street. Coatbridge.

4 UCZED(IO MO ' the only certain cure known for liczerna Jlil is Iid.—TURNER, Chemist, ikshbourne-road, Derby,

===== 0002601_19030220_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
UIREWOOD ! FIRNWOOD Patent Chopping and Hunds 1: ling Machin ryfor bale —Apply 13AntioN,R7dal-st, Leicester-

I ADIBS' 9ct GOLD WATCH AND ALBHia• Sp:enclict _IJ value, 556 only —FOWLES, 88 Durham-ri, Birmingham

===== 0002601_19030220_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
D OYAL CATTLIS Agents, 21. 6d per cit. Oz 5, in the £ cornrnission.—BNLL, LTD„ Newark.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SANFORD'S POISON for Billing Bats answers well. "After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ing."—J. BLIP. Helstborpe. Leighton. "I killed 200 rats witb Sanford's Poison."—O. Coon. Farmer. Rliesmere. "I destroyed 145 rats with it."-0. Wtt.son, Off ord.—Send ls 2d to SANFORD a 8011 b. bandy Staled.. bold by Chemists.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
(jOLLECTION OF FOREIGN STAMPS

IN BOOK, 1,003 ALL DIFFBIIIINT-20s.

JOHN GOW,

101, LEA-STREET, XI DDERMINSTER.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
300r5c5. ttarriagro, Etin *tack, scr

===== 0002601_19030220_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYER 3 AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL TO HIS ROYAL WARRANT OF KING. APPOINT r MAJE9TY THE AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES. 39., HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
VittlasMfitb

===== 0002601_19030220_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WTANTRD HOUSEMAID, comfortable situation, wages £lB.—Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street,Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD WAITILBtIS, .mall family, exeell.nt situation. wages £2o.—Apply Miss HUDeoN, 19, Irlam-st,Wgtn.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED COOK-GENERAL, good situation. near War- rington. wags £2) no wastiing.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
AUNDIIICVAN, with 11 inch rubber-tyred wheels ; very -1-4 stylist; and new ; suit horse 14 to 15i bands ; cost over £so.—Apnly THOMPSON Auctioneer, Shaw, Oldh RM.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER VICTORY 17 'R JefiE GREAT AtTSTR %MAN ROIEDY.

VITADATIO

INDIGESTION AND SKIN DISEASES Conquered. 23, Aberdeen-street, Liverpool. July 29th, 1931. Dear Sir,—l6 is with great pleasure I add my tegtimostial ta the many you already have to the great curative powers of your wonderful medicine VITADATIO, foor the past five (5) years I have been cgreat sufferer from Indigestion and a most troublesome skin disease, which greatly interfered with sny sleep, making life almost unbearable. I tried many doctors and almost all so-called remedies hut got no relief until I got a battle of VITADATIO from you about a month ago. The result was simply marvellous. Before I had finished the first bottle the skin disease had nearly all gone,and I could go to bed end enjoy a good night's rest. In all I took three (3) large bottles, And am happy to Bey both skin disease and indigestion are now things of the past. and lam feeling twenty years younger. Con- sidering my advanced age (I am 80 years old) my cure it all the more astonishing. Have recommended your remedy VITADATIO to many friends, some of whom are now taking it with good results. Use this testimonial as you please, the remedy cannot be too highly spoken of. Shall be happy to answer any questions personahy, or by letter if accompanied by stamped envelope:—Yours gratefully, PETER MACKAY. Witness to signature, C. Noßmig.

From all Chemists and Grolers The price of Medicine is 4. 61 an! 2s. 9d per boA'e. For further particulars.

S. PA. ALMER, MOUNT PLACE. BROOK-STET,

s MANCHESTER.

Correspondence Invited, Write for Testimonials. OBrAINA.BLR LOCALLY FROM BOOTS, CASH

OHRMISTS.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ME

===== 0002601_19030220_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE was absolutely THE OPENING OF nothing in the KINd& THE SESSION, Speech which has not

been anticipated in. these columns down even to the Bill which is. to deal with the adulteration of butter, and which will probably be slaughtered somewhere towards the end of the Session. There are State secretg which can be kept, no doubt, but those are not the secrets of the Speech from the Throne. The KING cannot be said to have been provided with a lively or encouraging document with which to open the third Session of what is really his second Parliament, though there seems to be a pretty general disposition to speak of it as his first. His MAJESTY rejoiced with all of us over the settle- ment which has enabled us to bring the Venezuelan blockade to a close, and probably he regrets as much as any of us that a blockade policy should ever have been adopted, though there are things that may not be said in a KING'S Speech. What was said in the Speech concerning the European provinces of Turkey was the reverse of reassuring. His MAJESTY trusts that he may be able to give his hearty support to the joint proposals of Russia and of -Austria-Hungary, but he does not venture to sp-ak oil t probability that:these propo- sals will beiaccepted. To enter into negotiations with Turkey ii any direction whatever is to run up against the stone wall, as once more appears from his MAJESTY'S reference to the fruitless at- tempts to arrive at a delimitation agreement in regard to the bounderies of the tribal countries adjoining Aden. "An Injun's a snake and always a snake," says the American poet, speaking from an ingrained prejudice which;was only very:partially well-founded. The Turk is always an impracticable as well as an " unspeakable " person. He can never be induced to do anything reasonable until he is" man-handled," to use Mr. KIPLING'S ex- pressive word. The KING'S Speech threw the jfirst glimmer of light on our reasons for the cap- ture of Kano. The EMIR of that place, it seems, has been guilty of some hostile action or other. I trust, said his Majesty, " that It will now become possible to proceed in safety with the delimitation of the boundary between my terri- tory of Northern Nigeria and the adjoining pos- sessions of the French R ipublic." Placing two and two together, we arrive at the conclusion that there has been another simaltsneous rush for territorial expansion which has reproduced some- thing like the Fashoda rivalry betwesn England and France, and that the E air of Kano has been found to be in the possession of a post that may be of great assistanc to ourselves in the winning of the game. Sir HENRY :CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN probably hit the right nail on the head when he said last night that Sir F. LUOARD, as High Com- missioner, has planned and carried out this sate

===== 0002601_19030220_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\

===== 0002601_19030220_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19030220_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
prise entirely on his own account, and without in- spiration from home. it will probably be dis - -covered some day that Sir F. LIICIARD is the most irresponsible and therefore the most dangerous of all our "prancing pro-Consuls." He has on more than one occasion before this taken such action -Independently, as he would not have been per- mitted to take if tie had asked for instructions.

Sir HENRY CA.MPBELL-BANNERMAX made a most excellent speech in the debate on the Address, dis- tinguished not only by good points but by fine statesmanship. He was easily able, of course, to score off the Recess Speeches of members of his MAJP.sTv's Government. There was poor Lord CRA/CBORNE, for instance. He had thought it Worth while to make the remark; that it is as Much the duty of the Empire to protect the poor fishermen in Trinidad as the South African millionaires. This is what Mr. BALFOUR calls an ",unimpeachable 'copybook platitude." But it was a disastrously unfortunate admission to come from 'the Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. It re- vealed, as "0.-B." said, the real objects of the late War. This led, in the course of a most interesting and useful speech, to a plea that the two parties shall now work for the same common purpose in South Africa. We ought to be now per- mitted, Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN thinks, to speak out our minds frankly, and to discuss matters of policy without being Blibiooted to taunt and reproach. This also might, be deseribed as a copybook platitude, if the strong- est man in the Ministry had not been accustomed to describe his opponents as "traitors," and if the ParstE MprrsTEß had net excused manifestations of popular violence on the ground that it is dangerous to disagree with an excited public. The excited public has come to its, senses since then. There is an old story about two Greek orators. " If you speak like that," said one, " tbe people Will go mad and kilt yen." "And then," was the 431)137, "they will grow sane again and kill you." 'The application is close, but we trust that Mr. lIALFOUR'S invitation to the expression of political Opinions by means of half-bricks will not be fol- lowed when the inevitable revulsion comes. We Should, as the Liberal reader remarks, be able to speak our minds frankly without danger either of verbal or physical assault.

The Venezuelan difficulty, now happily settled, has once more brought prominently before the attention of the British nation the Monro 3 doc- trine, which has played in the past so large a part in all the negotiations between this country and the United Sttites. And it is, perhaps, wise ton the nation should make itself acquainted with the nature of that doctrine, and how far it affects the Position of this country in its reiations with th American nation. Captain A. T. Mahan, th. 3 ominent naval writer, has, in a recent article in the "National Review," traced the history and development of the doctrine from the early days of the nineteenth century, and he lays down the Principle that the doctrine in its inception and its expression is a protective measure: That is a po- oition which the British Government does and Which Eaglishmen generally can, accept. The doctrine had its birth in the desire of the United States to be independent and to be free of the dis- Putes of the European system. The America,' People had broken loose from 'European control, and they were resolved that, so far Thash, they I were able to secure, the influences T"oh they dreaded should not be extended to tne metriment of the independent position of the R - rile, and that no part of the American continent peould become a pawn in the game of the Eura t0.:44 sYstem, transferable at the will of European archies That this policy has developed is in OU • To some extent American intervention b 3 Was inconsistent with the earlier, though not Was the later, interpretations of the doctrine. ' as 'Ong as the doctrine remains protective teat Britain may endorse it. Her position in Canada makes her interests, to some extent, coio- cident with those of the United States. Wee the national sentiment of America to render tie doctrine aggressive, however, the coincidence of British and American interests would end.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT].

Irict -- Owing to the death of Dr. Watkins the Newton Dis- is without a Medical o.licer of Health, and there 38 likely to be some competition for the position. The 1t30,8t should not be considered a sinecure, for in a dis- nror such as this there is plenty of work to do. We are o j Ite any way perfect, and a new and energetic ,C „`l,;eal ()leer should be of inestimable value to the o;—`theeil• Already there are two medical men, members 'con Council, and the natural conclusion one would beo„ to would be that one orfthe other of these should orl,7Pointed.l don't suppose Dr. Patterson would trouble br-.914Y or the other how the appointment went, but h ',ll-4tthaiu has youth on his side, in addition to which oolds a diploma as Medical Officer of Health. Of Olirse it is not incumbent upon the Council to give 141 ee() the position, but ina matter of courtesy and in t • wn.gllition of his qualification for it, they might do "'so than appoint him.

ofTwonder what the intention of the Water Committee w the Council is in connection with the ratepayers. A 9 Pay for water, but we get slush, andare expected to wink it, and use it for all domestic purposes. They 11114,115 t think that our tastes are fearfully depraved, when • "eY send us such stuff for use as they have been send- 'tog us this week. Whenever the water scheme is going ~ reach fruition, goodness alone knows, but it is a -tirade there has not been an outbreak of some serious disease.

FOOTBALL. • Ettrrestown managed to rake in a couple of points on aturday afternoon against Wigan United which enabled them to mount a step in the League table. It was =- fortunate, however, that the attendance of spectators Was not very large, especially for the Wigan Club, as in Consequence of being without a gro=d,they have to play all their matches away from home, drawing the gate Money in those cases where in the ordinary course of ,events they would have had to play at home. Some- how or other a rumour had got out that the Wigan club was practically defunct, and that they were only com- pleting their league fixtures for the sake of their de- posit money. This was the means of reducing the at- tendance of spectators, as it was thought the game Would be devoid of interest.

At the last meeting of these teams Earlestown ured an easy victory by about 5 goals, but if they goug ht they would 124; able to repeat the performance 01 en they stepped upon the field they were doomed to .04aPpointment. Wigan had got together a very strong Tven, and from the kick-off they forced the pace. l'Arlestown for some time had to act on the defensive, katt, the hacks Were quite safe, and together with the ROalkeeper were able to repel all attacks.

Gradually the Earlestown forwards forced the Wigan 1112. n hack, and attacked the visitors goal with deter- ltation. The play all through was full of interest. "d in the end Earlestown proved victorious by 2 goals to nil.

• °ll Saturday St. Helens Town will visit the Barks- . nwn cronnd in a tie for the Rawcliffe Charity Cum he match should be full of interest and ell that is aesired is a good crowd of spectators.

'lll Newton club gave a benefit to Percy McHargy vvl,l Saturday, the energetic secretary of the club. The 418,iting team as Oswestry, and there was a very fai” t".'Lendance of snectators. A good game was witnessed nt Newton suffered defeat by 3 goals to 2.

IL M. STTT ON'S LIFE TONIC ig the K ENG OF TONT S ANg EV-STR F. F.T. Warr; n Er,toTl. Anvt.

_ LA HIES BEST GLACE BOOTS fOld SHOES, UNDER the cLocK, .1) oRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

A Goon RESOT,VTIONL—Wear ALF TAYLOR'S Wonderful Boots.—Advt.

ASK for erTNNINGRAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATFAS.—Advt. FIRE GIZAT}>;of PN'Pr7 description.-1. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishinz Tronmoneer, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt. ‘,..Asic for CITNNINGIIANeS HIGH-CLASS MINERAL vV ATERs.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ,

===== 0002601_19030220_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
71-

===== 0002601_19030220_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
!•;:';•' •

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

HOPE HALL, RUNCORN. Special services were held at, the above Hall on Sun- day, Mr. Blinston and several Widnes friends delivering interesting addresses. A lantern lecture was given on "The life of Joseph" in the evening. Mr. Jones, missioner, had charge of the lantern, and Miss A. Jones presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
SMALLPDX AT Hikurox BROOK.

Two cases of smallpox have been reported from Hal- ton Brook during the week-end. The patients are both married women. The first case was notified on Saturday and the second on Sunday. They have been removed to the Moore hospital, and the usual precautions have been taken to prevent any further spread of the disease.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF WORK.

A sale of work to clear the remaining debt on the re- cent, extension of the Runcorn National Schools was held in the schools on Saturday. Mr. E. Imison pre- sided, and there were also present :—The Revs. Canon Wolid (vicar), H. B. Firth, W. Scholes and F. S. Thet- ford, and -114.ssrs. J. Littler. J. Wilding, A. L. Lindsay, J. W. Davies, and J. Johnson. Addresses were given by the chairman, th 3 Vicar, and Messrs. Littler and Wilding. RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY.

The monthly meeting of the above Committee was held on Tuesday evening.—The librarian's report, which was approved, was as follows f—Number of days open, 22 ; number of issues, 2,759 ; average daily issue, 123. Details: Theology, 41; philosophy, 9 ; science, 109 ; history, &c., 177; poetry, 15 ; fiction, 2,038 ; miscel- laneous, 293 ; French literature, 7; music, 12; total, 2,698; increase on dbrresponding month of last year, 371 ; reference department, 58 ; increase, 1 ; total 'increase, 372. ALLEGED CONCaLMENT OF BIRTH.

At the Runcorn Police Court last Friday,before Mr.E. Tmison, M trg ire t Gough, employed on the flat "Chance it,"belonging to the Salt Union, was charged with con- cealing the birth of a child on January 12th at -Sutton Weaver. Formal evidence was given by Superintendent Ennion and P.S. Bennett, and prisonerwas remanded to Tuesday.—On Tuesday, Gough was again brought before the magistrates and after formal evidence had been tendered prisoner was committed to the Assizes.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' DANCE AT RUNCORN.

An invitation dance promoted by the ladies of Run- urn took place at the Public Hall on Thursday evening. The decorations were carried out by Messrs Hitchin and Squire, of Liverpool. Mrs Allen, of Higher Run- corn, issued about 123 invitations and with Mrs. Mae- Lerman and Mrs. Beck received; the guests. Dancing commenced at eight o'clock and was contitmeg until half-past two. There were 24 dances. The music was provided by Mr. Knight's Quadrille Band. The M C's were Messrs. T. A. Lawrenson and W. T. Crosby. Mr. James Lea had charge of the catering.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
'A FATAL FALL:

An inquiry into, the circumstances attending the death of Gertrude Dale (18), daughter of William Dale, Wes- ton Point, was conducted by Mr. R. .Dobson, district coronei-, at the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point, on Monday afternoon.—The evidence Showed that the deceased was in the employ of a Manchester gentleman eighteen months ago. On August 30th, 1901, she was sent into the box room which had a skylight in the floor, Deceased did not knowof the skylight, and fell through breaking her spine. Deceased's father Sued the employer and obtained £225 damages. The body, according to Dr. MacLennan, was completely paralysed below the injury, and there was no possibility of recovery.—A verdict was returned of" Death from misadventure." TREAT TO OLD FOLKS AT HALTON.'

The annual treat to old women and widows of Halton was held in the girl's school on Friday evening. About 40 sat down to tea, the oldest of whom was 85. The following ladies presided at the tables :—Mrs. Wray, Mrs. Stokes, Miss Wright, Miss Ackerley, and Mrs. Walker. Messrs. P.aud R. Wright and Miss Stokes also • attended to the wants of the guests. After tea a capital. entertainment was provided. Humorous speeches were delivered by the Revs. G. D. Wray and S. Wilkinson (Timperley). The guests afterwards indulged in games. and then an old country dance. They were provided with coffee and other refreshments, and each was also presented with a quarter of a pound of tea. About 25 sick people and others were not forgotten, and a share of the good things was sent to them. A vote of thanks, was, on the motion of Mr. Wray, passed to Mr. and Mrs. T. Wright for their continued interest in the annual treat, and the proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem. RUNCORN "Co-or" ANNUAL SOCTAL. On Monday evening the annual social of the members and friends of the Runcorn Co-operative Society was held in the Public Hall. About 600 sat down to an excellent tea. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Evans, Bowyer, Dudley, Barker, Priestley, Jenyons, Robinson, Hill, Pritchard, Morris, Pendlebury. Houghton, J. Scragg, H. Scragg, Lloyd, and Jones, and the Misses Williamson, Newall, .WithingtOn, Hillidge, Rushton, Watson, Moore, and Williams (b). Mr. T. 'H. Priestley presided over the after proceedings, and was supported by the members of the committee,. deputations from the Birkenhead and the City of Liverpool Societies, and Mr. W. Maxwell, Glasgow (chairman of the Scottish Co-operative Wholesale Society, Limited). After addresses had been given by the chairman and Messrs Max- well, Millington and Dudley, a splendid miscellaneous entertainment was given several well-known artistes taking part. _

===== 0002601_19030220_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF' TEMPERANCE.

On Saturday evening the usual meeting of the above Orderswas held in the Greenway-road School, under the presidency of Mr. George Powell. After the ordinary business had been transacted Mr. Thomas J.Holt,district secretary, said that two yearsago, Mr. William Gledhill. of Hull, the dhief officer of the Order, when assuming the position at West Hartlepool threw out a challenge to the Order to increase their membership by 10,000 adults in the first two years of the centut.y. A few days ago he (Mr. Holt) received a communication from Mr. Gledhill that they had accomplished their object; their increase for the two years being 10,019. The Order is an American importation, and was established in this country in the year 1849. The members have steadily increased, their being now 600 divisions with 60,000 adult members and 430 sections with 30,000 juveniles. As a. beneficiary order its funds stand in a very satisfactory position, and no one can estimate the amount of good done to the families of the members. Mr. Gledhill has offered a gold medal to the division making the largest increase in members. After the address there WSW an interesting discussion, in which the following took part; Messrs. Thomas Cooke, D. Bisbrown, Thomas R. Whyte, Thomas Clarke, Daniel Kirkham (Weston), and Will lain Hazlehurst (Weston.)

===== 0002601_19030220_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES, [By A CORRESPONDENT.]

It is a matter for deep regret that the snail-pox scourge has broken out at Halton. It was hoped by everyone that the disease had been thoroughly stamped out, but unfortunately this is not so. The patients have been removed to the Moore Hospital and the necessary pre- cautions taken to prevent the disease from still further spreading.

It is gratifying to note that the output of books at the Runcorn Free Library continues steadily on the increase. Last month was a record since the establishnient of the institution. On the Saturday evening Mrs Jones was employed changing. books at the rate of two a minute. It is quite time now that the committee- considered the advisability of procuring an assistant. A word to the wise is sufficient.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTISALT..

By placing Widnes hors-de-combat, Runcorn have entered the second round of the Northern Union Cup Ties. The game was not by any means a good exposi- tion of football. But, for once, science overcame brute strength and the Chemicals were made to *mourn:. The largest crowd this season watched the match and, as there were fully two • thousand Widnes spectators, there was quite a jubilant howl when the spin of the coin gave the visitors the choice of ends. With a strong wind at their backs it was expected that the blue and white hoops would pile up a satisfactory. score. But this hope was doomed to bitter disappoint- ment. It is true that in the first half they attacked strongly, and the home contingent were kept on the qui rive defending their lines. The Widnes efforts, however, lacked finish, and the team lost several valuable opportunities by sheer waste of energy. The dropped goal was a fair indication of the game at half- time. It was a beautiful kick and Douglas was deserv- edly applauded.

Inthe second half the Linnets took up the running, and it was not long before Price equalised with a line goal. Matters slowed down considerably with both teams claiming equal points, and it seemed as though the game would end in a draw. After a lot of desultory play, Jolley and Richardson initiated several brilliant swoops on the thin white line, which at last resulted in the leather being grounded in the necessary place by Butterworth. The home contingent easily maintained the upper hand to the finish.

As all expected, the match was not a pleasing one from aspectacular point of view. The ball was kept close all the time and there was little beyond scrum, scrum, scrum, and kick, kick, kick. Penalties were fre- quent and, once :or twice a little bad blood was shown by the players. Perhaps the most conspicuous player for downright "cheek "—to use a mild word—was Aspey. If he does not alter his style of play he'll find himself suspended ere long. The defence of the visitors was far superior to their attacking powers, and the for- ward play much superior to the back. Runcorn played by far the better game and deserved to win. Had Jolley parted with the leather a little oftener there might have been a much heavier score. All the Runcorn lads worked hard.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ ••••• • • . •

===== 0002601_19030220_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Friday, February 20, 1903.

WIDNES AND RUNCORN BRIDGE.

Progress of the Work.

Considerable progress has been made with the erec- tion of this important structure during the last few months, and the works are now assuming an interesting stage. The foundations are completed on both sides of the river, the eight large cast cylinders having been taken down to the solid rock, about 35ft. below the Manchester Ship Canal, and filled with strong Portland cement concrete. These cylinders are over 9ft. in diameter, and are braced together in clusters of four with strong steel bracing. In sinking these cylinders through the Ship Canal bed compressed air was adopted,the cylinders acting as cais- sons, which made the operation rather tedious on accOunt of the excavated material having to be passed through the air-lock. The foundation cylinders on the Widnes side were most easily laid, the rock being bare at low water. A large portion of this rock was rotten at the surface, and had to be removed to get to the solid rock, to which the cylinders were securely bolted. The erection of the four steel towers—each of which will be about 190 ft. high—will shortly commence' the erection being carried out simultaneously on the four clusters of cylinders on each side of the river. A tall braced steel "stallage." 140 ft. high, will be used for the purpose, having a derrick crane on the top. This stall- age must not be mistaken for the permanent towers of the bridge. The anchorages are completed on the Runcorn side, and nearly so on the Widnes side, the massive anchor plates being embedded in the solid rock about 30ft from the surface, and filled in with strong cement con- crete. The masonry approaches on the Runcorn side • which have necessitated the construct on of massive stone and concrete retaining walls, diversion of sewers railway siding, etc., are nearly completed, and will make a wonderful improvement to the appearance of that part of the town. All the stonework is ready for con- structing the approach on the Widnes side, and this will be nearly completed in about a month's time, including the subway under the approach, which will be lined throughout with white glazed bricks. The towers will probably be completely erected by the middle of April, when the important and interesting operation of laying the massive steel cables, each of which is over 12in. in diameter, will be commenced. The bridge will be totally unlike any other structure in England. On account of the almost unique condi- tions, and the great span of I,oooft.clear, the design and erection must naturally be a source of great anxiety to the engineers—Mr. John J. Webster M.lnst.C.E., of Westminster, and Mr. John 'l'. Wood, M.lnst.C.E., of Liverpool; but everything at present points to the successful completion of a work which will be of un- doubted benefit to the residents in the two adjacent counties. It is expected that a great wheel and foot traffic will be created by the bridge. Sir John Brunner Bart., M.P., is chairman of the company which is carry- ing out the scheme.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED THEFTS AT EARLESTOWN. Prisoner Committed for Trial.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Tuesday afternoon before Mr. F'. A. 'Frost, Daniel Jones, collier, a native of Llanwrst, near Mold,was charged with steal- ing a mutfler.value 3g. 6d. the property of George Barrow, Fairclough-street, Earlestown, between the 7th and 9th Inst.

Prosecutor, who is a blacksmith, stated that prisoner lodged with him. On Sunday, February Bth, witness missed the muffler named in the charge, which was safe in the cupboard the previous day. Subsequently he saw the muffler in the possession of P.C. Lennie. Frank Faulkner, pawnbroker's assistant in the employ of Mr.A. C. Fletcher, Junction-lane, St. Helens, stated that on the morning of February 10th prisoner came to his employer's shop and pledged themnifier for sixpence stating that he wanted the money to buy food. P. C. Lennie stated that on February 10th he appre- hended prisoner on another charge and found the pawn- ticket relating to the muffler in his possession. On being charged prisbner said "I did not steal it. I picked it off the floor."

Prisoner said he found the muffler on the floor under the table when he got up to make the fire. He put it in his pocket and no one made any complaint to him. He was committed for trial at the Liverpool Quarter Sessions.

Prisoner was then charged with stealing an overcoat and a pair of gloves value £2. the property of Joseph Austin, grocer, King Street, Earlestown. Prosecutor stated that on the sth. instant the articles 'were in the lobby at his house, and on the 7th. he missed them. Information was given to the police. P.C. Lennie stated that at 6.15 p.m. on the 10th inst. he was on duty in Back Market-street, narlestown, and saw the prisoner who was wearing the overcoat produced. Witness had received information of the theft from Mr. Austin's house, and questioned the prisoner, who stated that he bought the overcoat for ss. from a man in a public-house. Witness took him to the Police Station and on searching him found the gloves produced in one of the pockets of the overcoat. In answer to the charge prisoner again stated that he bought the coat in a public-house, but made a contra- dictory statement in regard to the wane of the house. Prisoner, who adhered to his statement that he bought the coat,was committed for trial on this charge also. There is a long list of previous convictions against him.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

WARRINGTON DRAUGHTS LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON D. & C.C. v. CAIRO STREET D.C. The first match between these clubs in this season's League Competition, for the "Chalmers" Cup, was- played last Monday evening at Cairo-street schools, and resulted ma decisive victory for Warrington. Score as ollows • :- WiRRINGTON. C A IRO-STREEF. Wins. Draws. Wins.

1 F. Dunne 0 W. Tomkinson ' 1 1 J. Roberts 1 W. Cummins 2 E. J. Powell . 0 W Hewitt 2- C. Powell

===== 0002601_19030220_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
0 W. Rigby

1 D. PlinstOn

0 M. Goimi:ui 1 P. Walsh 1 G Isherwood 0

The result of this Twitch virtually decides the destina- tion of the cup for this season, Warrington having won all their matches so far, and only two fixtures to play, while Cairo-street, having lost two matches, is com- paratively "out of the running." Tomkinson is to be congratulated in snatching a win from the Warrington Champion, the only game the latter has lost in these League matches for a number of years past. It will be observed that he and D. Plinston were the only players to score for Cairo-street. The Warrington Club is playing very strong this season, as the matches with other towns have shown.

Arrangements have been made for Mr. Jordan, the world's champion, to visit Warrington, under the auspices of the Warrington Draught League, on Monday next, the 23rd inst. Play wilt take place at Cairo-street schools from 7 to 10 p.m., and every draughts player in the town should take advantage of this opportunity to have a game with the champion, or they will miss a treat. Mr. Jordan is not particular as to the number of boards he keeps going at one time, the more the merrier; and it is acredit to any player to get a drawn game with him, even under such circumstances. Last week he played 600 games at Manchester, of which he lost only eight, and won over 500..

===== 0002601_19030220_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHFORD v. BOWDEN COLLEGE.

Played at Latchford, on Saturday, a very fast and vigorous game resulting in a win for the visitors by two goals to one. Nothing was scored during the initial half, and the visitors were the first to break through from the restart, but 13anks soon equalised with a good shot after a neat dribble. Just before the close of the game Bowden scored a second goal. Hallows for Latchford, played a fine game at full back and Banks was the pick of the forwards.

WHOLESALE SLOT METER ROBBERIES AT WIDNES. Before Mr. Paton and Mr. Thomas at Widnes, on Thursday, John William Ogden, fourteen years of age, of James-street, and William Hampson, fourteen years of age, of Cholmondeley-street, were chaTged- with breaking and robbing several slot meters in the town during the last three weeks. Both pleaded guilty to the offences, they having divided the spoil. Ogden was implicated in fifteen and Hampson eleven robberies of like kind. The bench spoke strongly upon the influence which Ogden had brought to bear upon Hampson,and aftera severe reprimand they discharged him, and Ogden was sent to a reformatory for three years.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TON IC SANK Y-STREET, Warni rig to n.— Ad vt.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

" 1 0 T II I A N"

SHO RTBREAD

===== 0002601_19030220_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
c

===== 0002601_19030220_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NEON"

===== 0002601_19030220_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. By " Ovalist."

- What next !--the Second Division, eh ? It is some- ; "Practical Religion was given by Captain Walker of ltheemSsaalnltti rAecrilityer. uM.aissslrroact rreendlvalusertvoenral vocal Miss thing new d:or Warrington to be knocked out in the first round of the Cup-ties,in fact it has only happened Williamson accompanied at the piago and Mr. E. Smith once before, when Wakefield Trinity did the trick, presided at the organ. And who would have expected St. Helens, the depised i JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLESTOWN.—SOCIAL EVENING. of the League, to summarily smother Warrington's The young ladies Bible Class of the above Church aspirations? Wooden-sponusts or not they were too ; held a social and dance in the Mission Hall, Leigh. good for Warrington on Saturday and very effectively street, on Thursday evening. There were about 30 squashed their visitors by three goals to a try. It couples present, and Mr. J. Su.dworth's band played for was a meritorious performance by the Saints and they dancing till a late hour. Refreshments were partaken of intervals. The proceeds are to be devoted to pro- fully deserve such a second round tit-bit as Rochdale viding a stall for a forthcoming (mann Hornets at Knowsley-road. MAKERPIELD AMATEUR DRAMATIC SOCIETY. On Thursday evening, the above Society gave a variety entertainment in the Town Hall, Newton, before a fair audience. The following programme was ex- icellently submitted :—Opening chorus (solo, Miss Lucy Strong) by ladies from the Primitive Methodist Sunday school; patter sketch (ping pong); song, Mr. John Mather; dramatic recitation in character "The soldier's vengeance," Mr. Toni Kenny; glee "Old Folks at home" (with imitation banjo accompaniments), the Canton glee singers; song, Mr. T. D. Owen; flag drill and chorus, ladies from P.M.S.S. ; humorous song, "The serenade," Mr. T. Maynard; glee, Cauton glee singers; gramophone selections, Mr. J. Smith. The second part consisted of a humorous sketch "Tourist ticket" by ' members of the Society. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, NEWTON. The scholars of Miss Allatt's and Mr. Jones' classes held a tea and social in the schoolroom of the above Church on Saturday evening. About 200 scholars and friends sat down to tea at eo'clock, several of the class members presiding at the tables. After tea games etc. were indulged in. During the evening songs were rendered by Miss Florrie Alderson and Mr. Ritchie. A humourous sketch entitled "A tour round the world" was given by Mr. Ridyard, and Mr. Owen's class gave a dialogue "The new Act." A very enjoyable evening was spent and the gathering broke up about 10 o'clock. The proceeds are to be devoted to the purchase of furni- ture for the class-rooms. -I EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. The annual teachers' social gathering took place on Tuesday evening in the lecture Hall of the Wesleyan Chapel. The proceedings commenced with a tea at which about 130 teachers and friends were present, the tables being presided over by the tea committee. The subsequent l meeting was presided over by the Rev. C. E. Dove, and the following programme of vocal and instru- mental music was submitted. -"The sailor's chorus," Glee Party; song, "Ever of 'thee," Miss M. Jackson; gramophone selections, Mr. T. Adlem; duet, "The pilot brave,"MessrsTwemlowe and Wheatley; violin solo, Mr J. Mitchell; song "Maid of Malabar," Mr. W. Clare. A vote of thank § was accorded the committee and artistes on the motion of Mr. Bradley, seconded by Mr. G. Clarke. Games were indulged in until supper, and alto- gether a very pleasant evening was spent. EARLESTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

There was really nothing much to justify the as- sumption that Warrington would beat the Saints on Saturday. Lowly as the latter's position is, that of Warrington is little better and their recent form has been of the poorest description. The hope was really based on the fact that Warrington had a full team, with the exception of Fish, while as a rule they have been two or three men short for important engage- ments. A back division consisting of Hallam, Hock- enhall, Isherwood, Dickenson, Harris, Burgess and Duckworth we thought sufficiently capable to dismiss St. Helens, and so it would be under ordinary cir- cumstances, but the circumstances on Saturday were really extraordinary. I will explain—not excuse!

The remarkable part of the game was the way the home forwards simply outclassed the Warrington eight. After the.first quarter of an hour Briers went into the threequarter line, and the remaining seven played such n dashing, brilliant game that they com- pletely demoralised the Warrington team fore and, aft.

It is to the everlasting disgrace of the Warrington forwards that they allowed seven men to toy with them in the ridiculous fashion of last Saturday. The Warrington eight might have been collected from a mob of salmon-tin punchers, so devoid of both strength and skill were they. In all my experience —and it is now getting fairly lengthy—l never saw such an exhibition. Presumably the Warrington eight were triers, but with about two exceptions, Forster and Naylor' they did not give that impression. St. If,elens put double the amount of vim and deter- mination into their play, and this was the secret of their success. They played a thorough bustling cup- tie game, Whereas Warrington never seemed to get into their stride at all. The poor play of the forwards apparently infected the backs for the few chances that came their way were turned to no account.

The Warrington sp?ctators showed their loyalty to the club once more, and over a thousand of them journeyed to the pill-centre in order to see the cup- ties commence. Cup-tie fever is wonderfully stimu- lating, but it did not spread very far at St. Helens, for the whole crowd did not number more than about 3,000, and the gross receipts were only z(--;71. War- rington's share will therefore just about pay expenses.

The 169th quarterly meeting of this society, was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestotvn on Monday even- ing. Mr. D. Forrester presided, but there was only a moderate attendance of members. The report and statement of accounts showed that the cash receipts were £12,918 195.53 d. being an increase over last quarter of £7 10s. 93d., and on the corresponding quarter of £Bl7 ss. 53. The net profits realised were £1,831 175., which with £BO 4s. sd. from the dividend reserve fund, wonld enable the committee to declare a dividend of 2s. 9d. in the to members. During the quarter 116 new members had been admitted, and 36 had withdrawn, leaving 1,950 on the register of whom 1,560 had brought in checks. Mr. D. Forrester was re-elected president for another 12 months' and Mr. T. Haselden, auditor. Messrs. Worsley and Owen were appointed members delegates to the C. W. S. quarterly meeting. The com- mittee were given authority to organise another Child- dren's field thy, on the same lines as last year. A grant of £5 was made to the local lecture fund, and £5 ss. to the Southport Convalescent Home. SID BURNING FATALITY AT HAYDOCK.

Owing to a wait of a quarter of an hour for Burgess, the game did not start until 3-45, but the opening stages were sufficiently sensational to make Up for the delay. St. Helens, with the advantage of a strong wind at once attacked, but were quickly repelled by the Warrington backs, Dickenson showing a glimpse of form in an effort which carried play into the St. Helens half. Warrington got the ball again, and Duckworth after a sho:t run threw the ball over to Forster, who took it dearly and showing some of his old threequarter form raced through the St. Helens backs and notched an unmistakably fine try at the corner. Though Hallam failed at goal, you could, at this stage have offered almost any odds on War- rington and they would not have been accepted. To score against the wind appeared to make the match a certainty for them, and if the St. Helens players had been as disheartened as their spectators the result probably would have been very different. But they were not beaten by any means, and for the rest of the forty minutes they fairly bombarded the Warrington line, but were kept out by grand tackling. The Saints then showed a resourcefulness which won the match. Banks dropped a goal, then Pennington placed one from a penalty, and to crown all Foulkes dropped another with a beautifully judged shot. Warring- ton's score was thus doubled by the Saints in a fashion which it was difficult to prevent.

Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquiry at Blackbrook, Haydock, on •S'aturday, touching the death of Elizabeth Ann Marsh, aged 39, of 14, Park-street, Haydock, who died on Thursday under exceedingly sad circumstances. John Marsh, husband of the deceased, stated that his wife had been ill for a week and con- fined to bed. Her eyes became very much inflamed, and for three days she could not see. He understood that, she had acute neuralgia in her eyes and head. On Wed- nesday he sat up until midnight and fell fast asleep. There was a lire in the room and the gas was lighted. About one o'clock in the morning he was awakened,and found the curtains and bed clothes on tire. He jumped up and his foot caught against the deceased, who was lying on the floor with her night clothes on lire. He put the flames out with a shawl. tor. Dowling was called in, and he said she was very seriously burnt.— Mrs. Charlson, the deceased's mother, said her daughter was very weak. She told her she had fallen into the fire. Witness thought that when deceased got' out of lied her extreme weakness had caused her to faint, and she consequently got on fire. The jury returned a ver- dict of" Accidental death."

Still, with only three points to wipe off, Warring- ton appeared to have an easy task on turning round. The wind was as strong as ever, but some time. elapsed before Warrington gained any advantage. Their supporters began to feel somewhat uneasy, but they were still sure of success. At last Warrington got near the line----the doom of the-homesters was sealed! Instead they got the hall and by keeping, continually in possession of it they worked Warring- ton back to safer quarters. Two penalties were given, which should - have won the match but Hallam and .Burgess. showed a lamentable inability to follow the example of the Saints. Matters soon began to get desperate. It became a question whether Warrington -would get the try which would make • a draw. Time passed and it became clear that the visitors were getting beaten. St. Helens would not part with the ball for a moment and the rejuvenated -Pennington spent half his time in hugging it close to the ground. The Warrington backs—in fact the whole team—was simply impotent, and barring an effort by Harris,never looked like scoring the -winning point. St. Helens outplayed and outstayed them, and quite deservedly won the match.

The game was very uninteresting, though there was plenty of excitement when either side got near the line. The only thing I can compliment Warrington on is their defence in the first half. Individually not a man played up to his best form, with the aforesaid exception of Forster and Naylor.

The Lancashire clubs suffered in the first round, for several of the best were drawn together, with the result that, in addition to Warrington, the following bit the dust and said good-bye to the cup for another season: Broughton Rangers (the holders), Widnes, and Swinton, the latter of whom were defeated by Leigh in the replay at Swinton on Wednesday.

The draw for the second round shows at once how advantageous the new system is for the Yorkshire clubs. The Lancashire first Leaguers, with the ex- ception of St. Helens and Runcorn, are all drawn against one another, while the Tykes have almost all got "soft things " on with the numerous small clubs left in the broad-acred shire. In fact not one York- shire .Senior League club is drawn against another. Poor Lancashire will have precious few representa- tives of any calibre to uphold the honour of the red rose in round three.

For the second round the draw is as fol1v: Outwood Church v. Hunslet. Morecambe v. Minom St. Helens v. Rochdale Hornets. Keighley v. Manningham, York v. Otley or Ossett. Oldham v. Wigan. Normanton v. Batley. Bromley v. Bradford. Castleford v. Halifax. Runcorn v. Birkenhead. Hull Marlborough v. Hull. Brighouse Rangers v. South Shields. Wakefield Trinity v. Leeds. Salford v. Leigh. ,Maryport v. Parton. Wath Brow v. Barrow.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

Many local anglers visited the river Gowv at Mickle Trafford last week-end, but only very moderate sport was recorded. The best -fish was recorded by Mr. James Green, a roach of 11b. 9ozs. ; Mr. J. Griffiths also took a roach of 11b. 4ozs.,and a dace of 60.5.1.1.dr5. was recorded by Mr. J. Boyle.. from Tattenhall-road. The Howley A.S. have fixed their opening match for July I.2th at Preston. Brook. The Traveller's Rest A.S. have fixed their open- ing match also for July 12th at Vale Royal. The Latchford A.S. arranged various details at their meeting on Monday evening last. The Secretary of ths Workingmen's A.A. announces that Mr. A. H. Crosfield has kindly consented to become a patron of the Club. Trout fishing in the river Bollin under the jurisdiction of the Warrington A.A. opens on Monday, March the 2nd. Old members of the Association residing out of the Borough who have not received , their cards of membership for 1903 are requested to , communicate with the Secretary.

COLDS. Colds are unniesisant at all COLD 4 COLDS. times and often difficult to COLDS COLDS. get rid of. but an excellent ant CO (.04 COLDS. agreeable rornedy is a basin of gruel. COLDS COLDS, taken every night, made from . COLDS COLDS. ROBINSON'S PATREIT GROATS. COLDS

===== 0002601_19030220_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
GILCHRIST LECTURE AT EARLESTOWN.

"Weather and Weather Forecasting,"

The third lecture of the course of five under the auspices oil he Newton-in-Makerlield Lectures Committee was delivered in the Town Hall, Rarlestown, on Monday evening by Mr. Hugh Robert Mill the director of the British Rainfall Organisation and secretary of the Royal • Meteorological Society, his subject being .".Weather and Weather Forecasting." As usual the hall was packed, the Chair being occupied by Mr. Arthur Smith. In introducing the lecturer the Chairman said that the subject of the lecture was a most interesting and fascinating one; the English clinrite was so mysterious in its working. The lecturer opened by remarking that it was a strik ing fact that whenever the English people were gathered together the first observations they make are associated with the weather. The changes of the weather are so frequent that those people who venture to predict certain changes run a great deal of risk. The state of the weather depended on the atmosphere at any time with regard to wind, warmth, wetness and electrical condition. Any increase of pressure in the air increases the temperature. .If the air from a bicycle tyro was allowed to escape, the valve imme- diately became cold. Air is a mixture of invisible gases one of which—water vapour—becomes as cloud, mist, rain, dew, snow, hail, or hoar frost. The highest clouds are composed of little crystals of ice. There is a general circulation of air over the sur- face of the globe in the course of which whirls are set up like eddies in a stream of water. There are two dis- tinct forms of air-whirl each associated with a par- ticular distribution of atmospheric pressure. There are the inward and upward whirl and tte downward and outward whirl. An inward whirl of air towards a cen- tre of low pressure where the incoming air escapes up- wards is called a depression or cyclone. These are ex- perienced in their worst forms in Eastern countries, and are called Simons. In the Sahara a cyclone sometimes causes sand to be carried thousands of miles by the wind and cases are on record where sand has been blown from this desert and dropped in England. A- nother form of cyclone is the American tornado which also .works great havoc. The rising air cools by expansion and forms clouds whence rain falls. The wind goes from a centre and expands. As it expands it becomes a cloud and the eloud falls in the form of rain or hail or snow. Tf they understood these two whirls, the lecturer informed his audience, they would understand more about the weather than most people who have studied it for a long time. The lecturer afterwards displayed a chart, which he and his predecessor had compiled, denoting the various annual rainfall in the British Isles. This showed that the wettest year we have experienced was 1872 and the driest.lBB7.The 30th December 1900 was the wettestday he rver remembered. A curious fact gathered from the chart ,v;ls that latterly, two dry years had been succeeded by. an exceptionally wet One. As 1901,and 1902 were dry years if the same ride obtained, we should experience a, wet year in 1903. It may be in 20 years, it may be next year, but it was pretty certain that sometime we should enter on another long period of wet weather. February 11891 was the driest month 'ever recorded, there being I no rain at all during the month.

The lecture was illustrated by pictures from the oxyhy- drogen lantern.

Mr. J. IL Profit •'proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer and Mr. F. Goslineconded, Mr. Mill respond- ing. Mr. Mill afterwards proposed a vote of thanks to the Chainnzip, who suitably responded.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

HIM Cr FFE BAPTIST CmkPEL.—Special home mission services were held in this place of worship on Sunddy, the putor (Rev. .1. S. Hughes) preaching in the morn- ing on the subject "What we owe to Christianity" and in the evening on "Has Science killed Christianity?" There were good congregations especially at night, when the chapel was filled and great interest was taken in the service. The sermon was the first of a series on science'and religion to be delivered each Sunday night until Faster.

Miss Maud Gonne, the Trish agitator, on Sunday. at the Chapel of Sainte Therese, at Laval, abjured her Protestant. faith, and was received into the Boman Catholic Church. Miss Gonne was baptized on Wed- nesday, taking the name of Honoria, which is that of the mother of " Maior " Macltride, of the Trish Brigade, who foughtfor the Boers in South Africa, and to whom she is to he married next Saturday. It is announced that the ceremony will be performed by the chaplain to ' the so-called Boer Irish Brigade. IlAssiNF,rrEs AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Tronmonger, , 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

I P.S.A. IThe usual weekly meeting of the Earlestown and District P.S.A. was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earle- , street on Sunday afternoon. The hall was well filled i , and Mr. Jackson presided. An interesting address on .._ . _. . .. . _ _ ___ __ _

===== 0002601_19030220_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

WIDNES.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points. 1902 For Agat Sep 6 Runcorn 13 Batley 20 Salford __

27 Halifax home 2 7 Oct 4 Leigh 11 Hull 6 18

18 OldbAm -- away

25 Brotwidon Rangers away 0 8 Nov 1 Hull Kingston Rovers home 9 0 8 Hunslet away 5 5 15 Wigan 22 Swinton away 7 8 29 Bradford Dec 6 Huddersfield away 7 5 13 Warrington 20 Brighouse Rangers 27 St. Helens home 8 0 1903 Jan 1 Oldham borne 2 6 3 Runcorn home 3 0 10 Batley ... away 0 9 17 Salford 24 Halifax 31 Leigh home 10 2 Feb 4 Salford 7 Hull away 011 14 Cup lie, Runcorn 23 Hull Kingston Rovers Mar 7 Hunslet 14 Wigan away 21 Swinton 28 Bradford away Aprl 4 Huddersfield 11 Warrington 13 Brouglaton Rangers 18 Brighouse Rangers home 25 St. Helens away

===== 0002601_19030220_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points 1932 For apt Sept 6 Bradford . 13 Huddersfield 20 Warrington home 5 18 27 Brighouse Rangers Oct 4 Swinton home 6 10 11 Runcorn 18 Batley 25 Salford home 9 5 Nov 1 Halifax 8 Leigh 15 Hull away 4 3 22 Oldham home 0 3

29 Brotiv hton Rangers Dec 6 Hull Kingston Rovers... away 3 9 13 Hunslet 20 WigAn borne 5 6 27 Widnes 19'23

Jan 1 Batley home 7 5 3 Bradford away 214 10 Huddersfield home 5 13 17 Warrington 24 Brighouse Rangers home 0 7 ' 31 Swinton away 3 15 Feb 7 Runcorn away 0 19 14 Cup Tie, Warrington 23 Halifax .. ... Mar 7 Leigh away 14 Hull 21 Oldham 28 Broughton r(angers home Apr 4 unit Kingston /Lovers 11 Hunolet 13 Salford away 18 Wigan sway 25 Widnes ...

===== 0002601_19030220_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
rr F LEPP ONE, 355 y

0 JOHN WALICHR AND ../0..

EXANIIN FEL OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON. PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN, BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES. JOHN WALKER AND (1 k./0. EXAMINER OFFICE,

ESTIIIiTES FURNISHED FOR CONCERT BILL* AND PROGRAMMES. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

May be inspected and Rstimates obtained "EXAMINER "OFFICE,

PREPAID ADVERTISENIENT AP 4RTMENTS WANTED HOUS ES WAN 7 ED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD

ARTICLES LOST RTICLES FOUND

MISCELL.LNEOUB WANTS ItitsonLamcous BiLES

===== 0002601_19030220_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON UNION COTTAGE HOMES.— WILNTEDIBY THE GUARDIANS of the Warrington Union a PRACTICAL MAN and his wife (without children) between the ages of 25 and 40 years, to discharge the duties of SHOEMAKER and BOYS' INSTBUCTOR : and MOTHRti of one of the Homes respecciyely, at their schools, Padgate near Warrington

Applicants-muat be active, energetic, and willing to make themselves generally useful. Joint salary £45 per annum, with apartments, rations, &c, (ewbject to deductions under, Superannuation Act 189).

Applications with testimonials as to character and com- petence, to be sent to Mr Arthur Wright, superintendent, Padgate Schools, Warrington, not later than Monday. FEB/WARY 23rd instant.

By Order, JAN.Ins C. bUrTON, Union Clerk. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, 12th February. 1993

g ItuU(i ti Wi qv Attßl TO V TENDERS ARE ISVITEO Poll THE SUPP&Y o 12 HOSPITAL BEDSTEADS, and 12 IIAIR MATTRESSES for the same; also 12 FLOCK 31 IT dESSES for Outs. Particulars ottai labia a this Office. Sealed tenders addressed to the Chairman of the Health Cmitnittee to reach this office by noon on Wednesday, February 18th J, GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

VARTHENWAR E HOT W ATE R BOTTLES, 1.14 ls 6d HACH : holds 3 pints; a comfort for the cold weather.—W BESWlClC,Butterrnarket-street, Warrinßton.

J. S. GARLAND,

SOLE AGENT FOR LEI FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS- THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES

WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR wHEEL, RIM BRAKES AT THE 'ASTONISHING PRICE OF

TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BES 2 VALUE 'THE WORLD HAS YET

PROD UMW.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLE AGENT FOR

EXCECLSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES,

REE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING PURCIIASERS

INSPECTION IS INVITED LT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, ;WARRINGTON.

k_TARTONS IMPROVED BRIM) OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE REST Awaded a Champion Prize of £25 in addition to other leading FIR3T PRIZ ES in 1931.

Price V- per lb.; 105/- rer Cwt CARRIACIR PAID & 5 PHU ,CHNT. Disconir

FUR EARLY PAYMENT.

OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

L'S CASH CHEMISTS

FO FANCY ARTICLES

BOOTS

of personal luxury, such as Perfumes an i Toilet Articles, which form the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents, BOOTS are now the largest buyers. and the immense quantity we buy rnables tie to purchase so cheaply that we are able to give customers stv.h a benefit. of low prices as cannot be afforded by any other firm, PE RFUM ES Make very acceptable presents for young or old. flood quality, 6d. size 4ad. : is. size sad. 2s. 6d. size is. 93. Violetie de Parma White Hose Jokey Club Carnation Sweet Pea Heliotrope Lilac Wal flower Lily of the Valley Stephanotis Cut glass bottles filled, from 2s. 61. to 10s. 6d.

Prices per bottle. is. 3d. is. Bd. 2s. Od. 2s. Ed. 3s. 6d. 68. 9d.

GOODS

EEN EFIT

PRICES.

A FINE SICLECTION OF BEAUTIFUL CASK STS, containing one, two, or thr,e bottles of the above odours, from Is. 6d. to 85. 1141. AEU DE COLOGNE. Jersey Castle-Brand, 2s. 63. bottle is. 6d. ; 4s. bottle 25. 101.. Silver Cologne, Is. bottle for 7d.; 2s. 6d. for is. 2d. Golden Cologne, Is. bottle for Bid ; 25. 6d. for Is. 4 Toilet Bottles from is. 6d. TOILEC AttrimEs are always useful, but many that viE, sell are ornamental also. A glance at this sbott. list will show you some of the nice things we keep in this line. Hair Prushes from is. Dressing Combs from q i„ Hanl Mirrors from 6d. Nail Brushes. Puff Boxes. Tooth brushes. Pocket Combs. Tooth Powder Boxes. Scent Sprays, splendid assortment. Fringe Nets Rut). er bponges Smelling and Toilet Bottles. TOILET SOAPS

IN GREAT VARIETY. Honey Curd, Elder Flower, Brown Windsor, 2d. per tablet; 8 tablets for is. Glycerine and Cucumbar. White Rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar, 21d, per tablet ; 5 tablets for Is., Castile tiOßp. 30. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine :soaps suitable for the most delicate skins as follows i Vioirtte de Parme, usual 6(1. tablet for 370. ; is. 6d. box (3 tablets). 104 Grey Oatmeal, usual 6d. tablet for ; Is 6d. box (3 tablets) 10d, Marshmallow and Glycerine, 61 tablet tor 31d,; Is, 6d. box (3 table:. lod. Cold Cream and Honey, 64. table ; Is. tid. box 10d. Hone vsuckie and Be" choice Sipao Qclic:te'y perfumed, usua iv sold at ati nit 4o 1. per tablet ; uur price 011/1. * earl re tom-rine:id this particnlar lino of Ca sloe $111)4 witA at c nee.

BOOTS CASH CHE 1 ISTS.

5, BRIDGE STRKET' ) WARRINGTON. 1 u 26, BRIDGE soau,

BERESFORD'S

GREAT

CLEARANCE SALE, BARGAINS

IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

BERESFORD'S 77, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL

BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON TELEPHONE 355 Y.

SOIREES HALLS

TELEPHONE 355 Y. SERMONS MEETINGS &c., &c

PROPRIETORS OF THE

d ARRINGTON AND MID•CHESHIRE EXAMINER. ;ARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, AUNCORN EXAMINER.

WIDNES EXAMINER. gr . E1.E6V13 EXAMINER:

===== 0002601_19030220_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
BUSINESS

GROWS

GROWS

===== 0002601_19030220_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

CUSTOMERS

CONSTAN tf,Y

IIEALIZ ING

===== 0002601_19030220_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WORTH

•• - •

===== 0002601_19030220_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
1 1 :, , , .

~1 . It' ,‘ . , ; !..i.i. i • ;., i .., ill 1 "11 '' If 1 h 1 . , :1:4 111 -1 1 I ~h ,I ')1,11 "r', '1 *lt `. 4: 1. i! ' r f ' 1 J 'tt 1 i I. :it .4.• ' ..i,' 41; !,• ,i• fii 1 i lri l 11 si' 1 sv 41:1. iii 0. • - i Ili" -, t • 4 ' A q‘ Al' ill i ‘ ..' 1 1 .;, ; -, .. .0.1 tit , 11(1 . i - i it j i li4, . i • • , I,' 1 . . i i• 1 .. 1 ~ ..i 1 i 1 i •:. .1 ‘, , il :' , 141 , , 1 f •_ i , r- .t • , ~•14 ii 1 i I 11 t. • i ‘• i s , 1 t t . -41 .11 ..1 ,

===== 0002601_19030220_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ I ' -

===== 0002601_19030220_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING.

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the Country. The visitation is of .a very prostrating nature, and the dise.oe is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as mucha mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost ay other disease, and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who 'imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fell., as a great many have not yet, if they ever will,regain their former health. As a preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often provedeffectual in ward- ing off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient Is under their Influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating witty Sudden Flushes. Severe Head-ache, accompanied by difficulty of breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symp- toms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common consent Patients everywhere admit that they feel more depressed and miser- able after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miser- able feelings is to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, [he egetable Tonic. We can strongly and confident re recommend this preparation, as it has treated seve cases of Influenza, Heavy Colds, Extreme Weakness' end Langour, with greater success than any other known Remedy. We may also add that as a Remedy for Indi- gestion, Sleeplessness, Low Spirits, Nervousness. and Loss of Appetite, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands unequalled. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. lid., by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or sent direct, carriage free, for the above prices, by the sole proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company Limited Llanelly, South Wales. Avoid imitations. See the name .f Gwilym Evans"• on Label, Stamp, and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
"tr .'OR'HE fil'ciSTßA99-'S 1,-)

CRUELTY TO HORSES.-WARRINGTON,. MEN FINED,

_ Two R.S.P.C.A. prosecutions occupied the attention of the magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Monday. ln the first case, James Kilduff, 24, Marsh- street, was charged with cruelty to a horse, by working it whilst it was in an unfit state.on 7th February.— Inspector Print stated that he saw a boy in, charge of a b horse belongino, to the defendant., whicwhichwasunfit for work, but as the lad was only thirteen years of age he did not summon him. Subsequently he saw the defen- dant:and questioned him as to the sores on the horse's back. Defendant stated that he knew the horse had some heat lumps. The saddle was pressing on one of the sores, and blood and matter were adhering to it.— Defendant's excuse was that the sores had been caused through kindness. The food which he gave the animal was of such a good quality as to cause the heat lumps. —A fine of ss. was imposed.—Harry Acton, 48, Birchall-street, and Thomas Donoghue, 23, Lloyd- street, were charged with ill-treating a horse the first-named by beating it, and Donoghue by spurring it on February lst.—P.C. Lewis stated that he was on duty near St. Ann's Church when the defendants passed him in charge of a brown horse. They were coming in the direction of Winwick. Donoghue was leading the horse by the bridle and Acton was walking behind. Shortly after passing witness. Acton commenced to beat the horse very peverely with the heavy end .of a whip- stock. The blows could be heard 200 yards away. At Longford Bridge, Donoghne mounted the animal and spurred it, Acton continuing to beat it with the whip- stock. Witness followed the defendants and questioned them, and Donoghue said the horse was stupid and he could do no good with it. The horse was bleeding where the spurs had been applied, and there were lumps caused by the beating.—Owen Toole, Inspector Print, and Ser- geant Evans, having given evidence, defendants were each fined ss. and costs.

CAUGHT IN THE ACT.-THEFT OF CHEESE FROM A WINWICK SHOP..

At the WarringtonveOn.nt-YWiti-Sessions on Wednes- day, before Mr. J. J. Bleckly and other magistrates, Frederick Lomax (21) and Robert Blair (15), were charged with stealing a pound of cheese, of the value of tl/41. from the shop of Ellen Porter, grocer, Winwick, on Saturday.—The evidence showed that prisoners went into the shop and asked for a pennyworth of bread. Prosecutor's daughter, who was in the shop at the time, went towards the kitchen to ask her mother to serve them. Whilst her back was turned, 'lrs. Woof, wife of P.C. Woof, who resides next door, saw Lomax go round the corner and take something and put it under his coat. She raised the alarm and prosecutor's daughter came back into the shop and got hold of Lomax, who threw a pound of cheese which he had taken across the shop. Prisoners were taken into custody by P.C. Woof and on being charged stated that they went to the shop for a pennyworth of bread. .The only money they had was a penny and they took the cheese under the impression that it was butter.—Pri- soners are natives of Liverpool.—The magistrates bound Blair overto come up for judgment when calleo.upon and imposed a line of 20s. and costs, with the option of 14 days imprisonment, upon Lomax.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Minor Gases.

7tTESDAY.-I,le,ore Aldermen Sutton (in the chair), Shaw Green and Hutchinson, and Dr. Fox. A Vfor.ENT PRISONER.—Williarn Prior, a boatman, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in }lowley-lane at about one o'clock that morning, and also with assaulting P.C. Bruen.—The constable stated that he was on duty in Howley-lane and saw the prisoner, lcho was bleeding from a wound on the eye, lying against the door of Mr. R. A. Naylor's' works. A young man was standing near, and was trying to get the prisoner up to takehim home. Witness had succeeded in getting prisoner on his feet, when he struck him in the month. They struggled together and he got the prisoner on the ground. Prisoner then feigned to be helplessly drunk. P.C. eorbett came upon the scene, and they again got the prisoner up. He became very violent and they had to carry him for some distance. He kicked out furiously and acted like a madman. He was the most violent man witness had had to deal with. —P.C. Corbett corroborated.—A fine of ICts. and costs was inflicted, or, in default of payrient, 14 days' imprLionment. WEDNESDAY.—BeforO Mr. Birchall(in the chair). Alder- men Monks and Hutchinson, and Mr. Geddes. A DEsTßt7cTivi: PAUPER.—George Jones, a Casual inmate of the. Workhouse of Staffordshire, was charged with destroying his clothing on Tnesday.—John Con- stable, the porter,stAted that when he went to start prisoner with his work he found he had torn his clothes to pieces. He said he would not work for anybody. When witness took him his dinner he threw it in the clrridor.---The Clerk remarked that it was a trick of some of the casual paupers to tear up their own old clothes, so that they could get some new ones.—Pris- -oner was sent to goal for six weeks.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions.

WEDNESDAY.—Before _Messrs: J. .T. Bleckley (in tke

chair), J. Ball mid S. R. Armitage. USW E I 011 ED BILE A D.—James Knowles, Sankey ; Betsy Horridge, Poulton; and William Booth, Poulton, were each fined Is. and costs, for selling . bread other- wise than by weight, at their various premises.—Mr. Richard Evans, solicitor, appeared for Mr. Knowles and -said there was no intention to defraud. The defendant was busy attending to another customer when the loaf was sold, and he forgot to weigh it. He had been in business for fifteen years and had never been stuaunoned for anything of the kind before.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sassions.

MONDAY.—Before Sir R.. Brooke (in the chair), and

S. Taylor. A LICENCEI4 FlNED.—Elizabeth Horton was summoned .at the instance of Superintendent Ennio n for being drunk on licensed premises.—Mr. F. A. Lake appeared for the defendant.—The evidence given _ by Superintendent Ennion and Inspector Egerton was to the effect that on Monday last at 4.15 in the afternoon they went to the Mersey vaults, of which defendant was the licencee, and found her asleep. Superintendent Ennion .roused 1-00 tin and then found she was quite drunk.—Mr. Lake for the defence contended that the defendant

===== 0002601_19030220_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
l• h should be remembend also that

===== 0002601_19030220_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MAZAWATTEE COCOA

Is not Only Duro but very strong $o you will not

E quire so much of ft as of O. divary Uocoas. }Ether- .to we have had few. If any, such 2004 Cocoas as

MAZAWATTEE COCok on Our breakfaut table."

GORDON .TABLE. C. L. LA.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
was not drunk at all. Last Monday was licensing day and also stocktaking day for the defendant. Mr. Broady of the firm of Greenall and Whitley and the defendant had to go up and down the cellars sampling the various liquors. The defendant had had no sleep for several nights owing to the illness of her little boy and she went to sleep in the chair at the suggestion of her servant girl. The defendant had had no drink as she was a teetotaler.—The Bench fined the defendant 10s. and costs. _ _ _

QARRELSOM E NE EG HBO URS.—Margaret Molyneux, Weston, was summonned by Jane Molyneux, Bily's-row, Weston, for using obscene language towards her.—The case was dismissed.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BARTON LOCK SMASH.

legel Rackless Navigation.

Azti3il in the Admiralty Coart.

In the Admiralty Division of the High Court of Jus- tice on Wednesday, the case of the Manchester Ship Canal Company v. the owners of the steamship Wink- field came on for hearing before Mr. Justice Bucknill, sitting with Trinity Masters. Mr. Pickford, K.C., Mr. B. Aspinall, K.C., and Mr. Lewis Noad (instructed by Messrs. Hill, Dickinson,and Co. solicitors, Liverpool), appeared for the plaintiffs; and Mr. T. M. Scrutton, K.C., and Mr. D. Stephens for the defendants. _

This was an action for damages to the -Barton lock, Which the plaintiffs said h‘ad been occasioned by the defendanus' vessel having come into collision with the lock gates. Mr. J. W. Lane, who was in charge of the lock at the time—December 10 list—said the steamship Winkfield was so negligently navigated that she collided with and carried away the inner lock gates, and sank a tug. The Winkfleld, 4,116 tons gross, was bound_ for Manchester to Runcorn, with part cargo for Brunswick, B.N.A. Thu case for the defend tnts is that-what occurred was an "inevitable ‘accident," due to the telegraphing apparatus breaking down, and that in these circum- stances they are not liable for damages. The evidence, which was chiefly technical, among the witnesses being Sir Fortescue Flannery, M.P., had not been concluded when the court rose for the day. _

His Lordship, in giving judgment on Thursaay said that both he and the Trinity Masters had come to the conclusion from the evidence that the defendants must be held to blame. In the view of the Court the collision was brought about by the negligent navigation of the Winkfield. The Court also considered that thetelegraph on board the vessel should be periodically inspected. That, in the opinion of the Elder Brethren, and he con- curred, would only be a right and proper thing to do. Judgment was accordingly entered for the plaintiffs, with a reference to the Registrar and merchants to assess the amount of the damVps.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HAD ANR.IIA FROM 13 13 213. S 3 Weak She Could 119 t Walk. Bile • Beans Restored Her to Pact Health.

That period when girlhood gives place to womanhood is fraught with danger; and mothers cannot guard too carefully the health of their daughters at this time, when Amemia either seriously weakens, or fatally attacks over 50 par cent. of girls'. As a cure for this insirli^.- Isaase Chas. Forde's Bile Beans

r__:.._.s • .....z,. , § i.,,.,..zi.,, _ .4, ~,.....„....._:_._ _ .,..z.,..........„ ....p.,,.....„_,_ . ,

41:6L

,---;;V.

II1.74[111.1i111011:11111WP1':'''' , are unequalleG Annie Rogers, , -, Queen's H, Bea consfield, (Berks), --...:

says :—"Eight year ago, when I was eighteen years old, I

was in service, an,

overwork at this im-

portant period of my , life brought brought on anemia. I became weak, and was'often so dazed that I hardly knew what I was doing, niy face was pale, I was out of breath with the least effort, and I could not eat nourishing food to get up my strength. So reduced did I become that I was actually too weak to walk to the doctor's surgery Of course,l could not keep my situation, and for a long time I was unable to do any work whatever. Frequently I would go so dizzy that I could hardly stand. At night my sleep was fit- ful and unrefreshing, and I would awaken as tired and worn out as when I retired. So. I went on through eight long years! am now well and hearty, and T. owe my recovery solely to Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. A few months ago i I was induced to try them, and with every box I have j improved until lain now quite cured. I firmly believe I owe my life to thAn, and you have my permission to publish my case as a guide to other sufferers." I It is cures of this kiwi, effected when all else failes, I that have made Bile 'Beans world-famed. For aummia, 1 biliousness, indigestion, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, headache, debility, and all female ailments, they are unequalled. For colds, and chills, and as a pre- yentive of rheumatism, they are also most .useful. ; Obtainable from all chemists at is. lid or 2s. 9d. per I box, or post free from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., Red Cross-street, London,B-C., on receipt of prices.

Officer Thrown Whilst Hunting. Major Wilkinson, of Orf oil Barracks, was thrown from his . horse while out with the North Cheshire Hounds, on Saturday, and was seriously injured, the animal having stepped into a rabbit hole. The Major WAS picked up in a semi;couscions condition, placed in a trap, and driven to Mnrbury Hall.. Later on in the day he was brought to Warringtoa, and he is improv- ingTapidly. • Swing Boat Accident. Florence Noton, agel 11 years, who lives with her parents in Elizabeth-street met with a serious accid- enton Saturday evening. She was pres nt at the fair which has occupied the waste ground near Thewlis- street, Bank Quay, for some time, when a gust of wind blow off her hat. She ran after it, and when stooping..to pick it up, one of the swingboats struck her a terrific blow on the head, rpulering her uncon- scious. She was cinveyed to the Infirmary., Peculiar Cycle Accident. The ( rciimsta.nces attending an aecident which befell Mr. Williamson, son of the Rev. T. Pym Vicar of Thelwall, on Monday evening are some- what pculiar. Mr. Williamson was cycling to town along Knutsford-road on Monday evening. When near Black Bear bridg3 an electric car came up. and he endeavoured to give a bag to the conductor to take down. In doing so he was mught between the car and an electric trolley wire standard, and thrown off his machine, his left arm being broken. He was picked up and brought on the car to Warringt Ml and was attended by Dr. Curtis, at his surgery, in Bewsey-street. He was subsequently able to proceed home. Mr. Williamson's machine was Rlightly damaged. Wycliffe Gockhedge Mission. _

X successful concert was held in this Mission on 'Monday evening under the auspices of the Coekhedge Christian Endeavour Society. Mrs, Youg,e presided •in the unavoidable absence of the Rev. John Yonge. I.r. Ben and Miss K. Hall had been mainly instru- mental in arranging the c.onee rt. and to ) much praise cannot be given them. A creditable pianoforte solo, "Reverie," by Miss Kitty Hall, op-pned the programme. The Warrington Quartette Party were heard to advan- tage in " Crossing the Plain," and the audience in- sisted upon their re-appearance. "In absence" was given in response and it was rendered in capital style. " Love the Pedlar "was the item given by Miss Bridge with pleasing effect, follnwed in reply 'to an encore with" The Promise of Life." Mr, W, H. Wallington gave an excellent interpretation of" The Yeoman's Wedding " and " Skippers of St, Ives." Miss Bertha Bouchier, skilfully played a violin solo, " Saint d'Amour," " Come into the Garden Maud " was rendered with splendid taste by Mr, Arthur Griffiths, and Miss Carrie Hastings sweetly sang " lihnd of Roses " and " The Children's Rome" A rectal entitled " Mnsic," by Mr. C->rnelins Furness, so delighted the company that they. insisted upon his re- appearance, and he g tve a laughable piece entitled ",The Spelling Bee." Mr. Griffith 4 opened the second part of the programme.: with " Mona ' and the song " Children asleep " was tastefully rendered by Miss Bridge. Mr. Furness pleased the audience with a r‘cital of " The Newsboy's Debt," and owing to coa- t Hied applause he gave a recital entitled " 'Later on, Dad." Mr. Wallington's deep bass voice was heard t ) pl)rfection in " A jovial Monk am I," which drew forth continued plaudits, Hearty rounds of applause followed Miss Botte!tier's violin solo, "Ave Maria' and Messrs Griffiths and Wallington delighted the and. ience with the duet "Excelsior." Mr. W. H. Payton, 3lns. Bac., was the accompanist.

as di 4,-17:11 t--

.i 4 $1 _

, Miss of the - 'Tem!. -

rj6,,

• !Hu e..ss

, ,d ‘vt,

- 4i, ,/,....„.$ .• ,/. (../.I\,. ; .40 ~, , - ---;T*., • vt_ ./ ~ _.4-••••-. ..- 2- . .

===== 0002601_19030220_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION SCFNIP

T3WII. COUNCIL APPOINTS THE COIAMITTEE.

Religious Rt3prasantatioa TEATERS AND TRADES COUN3IL TRIUMPH.

A special meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, the Mayor .in the chair, "for the purpose of making a scheme in pursuance of Section 17 of the Education Act, 1902, to establish and constitute an Education Com- mittee for the borough, and to order the common seal to be affixed thereto." There were also present : The Deputy-Mayor (Alderman J. Fairelough); Alder- men W. Bolton. j. S. Green, T. Hutehinson, F. W. Monks, and T. H. Sutton: Councillors T. Barton, A. Bennett, W. Brough, J. Brophy, T. Burton, J. G. Craik, S. Davies, D. S. Duncan, James Evans, John Evans, L. Ellison, W. J. Forshaw, T. J. Hulse, J. Lord, A: Pea- cock, J. Pemberton, W. Pierpoint, J. Roberts, F. R. Roberts, Win. Roberts, W. Rogers, J. Sampson, D. Tinnion, J. Upson, J. Wilkinson, with Messrs. J. L. Whittle (Town Clerk), S. Wilson (Deputy Town Clerk). J. Fairhurst (Borough Treasurer), and Mr. Murray, the Director of Education. There was a small attendance of the general public, including the Revs. John Yonge, R. Wilkins Rees, Messrs. E. Wallington, A. Corney, J. Stansfield, J. Parkinson: P. T. Winskill, Dunn, F. Pendlebury, and F. Stott.

The MAYOR said he need hardly tell the members that the business before them. was the most important that they had had to transact for a long time, and he trusted they would do their utmost to workicarefully, conscientiously and efficiently, and purely from an educa- tional point of view, without allowing any side issues to bias their judgment. The Museum Committee and the Town Clerk had drawn up a scheme with care and attention, and he trusted the members would see their way to deal with the matter in such a manner that they might formulate a really good workible system for the education of the rising generation of the town. (Hear, hear.) _ _ _

===== 0002601_19030220_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
PARAGRAPH BY PARAGRAPH. THE MATTER BEING RUSHED.

Councillor TENSION proposed that the Council discuss the scheme paragraph by paragraph. Councillor JAM ES EfANs seconded, and said that, considering the Council had a scheme before them that had been altered by the Board of Education since the draft was sent out, he considered it short notice to dis- cuss such a subject of great importance. He would prefer that the matter should be referred back to the General Purposes Committee in order that it might have the matured judgment not only of the Council but of those outside who were taking a very keen and deep int;.Test in education. He thought the -latter was being rushed.

The 2,1 A-Yon observed that :the Town Clerk had informed him -that they were mostly verbal alterations. Councillor EVAN'S: I have not had an opportunity of looking over them. Alderman Surros said the proper coarse was to hear what Alderman Monks had to say.

The resolution of Councillor tINNION was carried. ALDERIVIAN MONKS INTRODUCES THE .SCHEME.

Alderman MONKS said he had intended to suggest that the most effective way was to discuss the question paragraph by paragraph. He aid notknow that it would advance matters if he made a lengthy statement. He had given the matter great consideration, and the scheme was so complete and so self-explanatory that it. would be a waste of time to try to explain it that evening. He confirmed what the Ala.or had said as to the desire of the Museum Committee to submit such a scheme as would, in the opinion of the members of the eommittee, cover all the educational requirements of the borough, and be likely to prove a success. There was no wish to rush the matter, which could be adjoitrned for a month if the Council desired. There were, however, reasons why the scheme should be adopted and put into opera- tion at the earliest possible day. It was too important to be left over altogether, as the necessary arrangements for the classes had to be made without delay. He suggested that clause 3 should be taken first. Thealtera- tions of the Board of Education were not important; they were merely another way of stating what the Museum Committee recommended. CORRESPONDENCE. APPEALS FROM LOCAL BODIES.

The TOWN CLERK said he had received a long letter from the Trades Lind Labour Council, a copy of whieh had been sent to each member of the Council. The letter read as follows :- 1, Leonard-street, Warrington. February 16th, 1903. Dear Sir,—We regret that no provision has been made for a representative of our council being elected to the proposed Education Committee, and are taking this opportunity of placing a few facts before you in the hope that at the meeting of the Town Council to- morrow you will support our claim to nominate one member of the committee. Such provision has been made in many other towns, and we claim to be the most eligible of any working-class organization in Warring- ton for a seat on the encationconunittee. "The Trades Council directly represents, and is responsible for, more than 2,000 organized skilled artisans, comprising the principal trades unions. We can also claim tnrepre- sent (although in an indirect way) the whole of the working classes in Warrington. Our aims and objects are to improve the conditions of life of the workers as a whole, unionists and non-unionists, and also any measure of reform that we advocate and agitate for has that end in view. The work of friendly socteties,though excellent in itself,is necessarilyilimited to the providing of assistance to its members only,during periods of sickness and infirmity, nor can we say that friendly sobieties are entirely working-class org mizations, whereas the Trades Council deals with any or all questions affect7ng the workers, and is purely a working-class organization. The Working Men's Infirmary Committee (which is being recommended for the distinction) can in no sense ho said to represent the workera. of Warrington. The duties of the committee are to collect and transmit contributions to the Infirmary exchequer. The members of the committee are mainly foramen and minagers, and are not elected by votes of the employes of the firms they claim to represent. The ny3mbers of the Trades Council are elected by the direct vote of organized workers. The Chamber of Commerce recognized our Council as the representative organization of the work- ing classes, which fact of itself should be sufficient guarantee for us being allowed the same privilege as they are being granted. We would also point out that practically the whole of the trades unionists are mem- bers of friendly societies though All members of friendly societies are not menibers of trades uniens. Therefore by inviting our Council to elect a delegate the whole of the friendly societies would also be represented. Resolutions have been passed in .support of .our claims by a large number of trades union branches, some of which are not members of our Coun- cil. We are confident, that had there been sufficient time, every trades union branch, and many branches of friendly societies also, would have passed similarreso- lutions in our favour. What we desire is, that a trades unionist, nominated by the Trades and Labour Council, shall be accepted on the Education Committee.—Hop- ing that you will give your support on our behalf, we remain. yours faithfully, JOHNEDWARDSON (president), FRED Si.OTT (secretary)." The Tows CLERK 'added that the following associations had sent letters in support of the Trades and Labour Council :

Amalpmated Society of Mill Sawyers, Woodcutting Machinists and Wood-turners. Independant Labour Party. National Amalgamated Union of Enginemen, Crane- men, Fltunmer, Steam and Electric Tram-drivers, and Boiler Firemen.

Wheelwrights' and Smiths' Society. Amalgamated Union of Operative Bakers and Con- fectioners. National Union of Gas Workers and General Labour- ers.

Nationfil AmaNl:Tilted Society of Operative House and Ship Painters and Decorators.

The Amalgamated Wiredrawers' Society of Great Britain. Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants. Amalgamated Union of Shop Assistants, Warehouse- men and Clerks. Braziers and Sheet Metal Workers' Society.

The following letter was-read from the 'Warrington Building -industries Federation :—At the last inee4iohg of the above federation a resolution was passed, which I was instructed to for.vard to you, requesting you to lay the same before the .special meeting of the town Council. " Thatthis federation is unanimously of o- pinion that the trade societies of Warrington ought to have a representative on the new education autliprity, and that this federation, together with* the Trades-Coun- cil, ought to have the privilege of nominating the rep-. resentative.—YOurs respectfully... 0. BTTCKLKY.

The SEcRETARY to the Friendly Societies' 'Council wrote notice by raports in the local papers that the Town Council are about to appoint a committee to carry out the new Education Act, and in addition to the members of the Council it is proposed to add one or more representatives trom local bodies. I respectfully claim that our Council ought not to be overlooked, and at the least ought to have one or more representatives upon the committee. The Friendly Societies' Council is now the recognized central bodyof the affiliated socie- ties in the town, and numbers over 7,000 members, and prior to the abolition of school fees all our societies took an active part in the education of our deceased members' children, and front the widows' and orphans' funds paid the school pence, amounting in the aggregate to hundreds of pounds, and now their wants are periodic- ally inquired into and assistance given. Thus it will be seen that the edu,aation of our me nbers' children has always occupied the attention of our odicials, and wore we to be favoured with a representative on the com- mittee immediate steps would be taken to appoint one.

Trusting this \yid have your earn3st consideration. Yours, &c., Richard E. Pooley.

The7Tov:rN CuEnK said he' had also received a letter from the Private Schools' Association (Incorporated) Liverpool Branch. The letter,dated from 23,WilsonPatten-street, read:— "As I reside in Warrington,l have been requested by the Council of the Private Schools' Association to make the following inquiries Will the Director of Educa- tion have any control overprivate schools in Warring- ton? If so, what form will it take? 2. When the local Education Committee be formed, will private schools be represented? 3. if representation be accorded to private schools, will the representative be selected by the Council or by the private schools.— Yours obediently, KA.TE RIAINI OR. hon treasurer."

THE CO-OPTED REPRESENTATIVES. THE RELIGIOUS DIFFICULTY ARISES AND SUBSIDES.

Alderman SELAW GREEN said it seemed to him that paragraph 1. contained the crux of the whole question. He thought the number of members suggested WaS alto- gether too large. A MEMRER: You will have to :make it larger. Alderman SAW GREEN said 1S members would be ample, twelve of the Council and six from outside, for the purpose of .carrying the Act into effect. Alderman BOLTON said he was in favour of there being two members of the Council on the Committee to every outsider. The Council would be blamed for the expenditure of the money, and they 'ought to have a majority. (Hear, hear.) It was decided to first consider C 131133 3 of the scheme as amended by the Board of Education, and which read as follows : The co-optative members shall be com- petent persons of experience in education or acquainted with the needs of the various kinds of schools in the borough, and shall be appointed after consideration by ,the Council of 'recommendations from the following bodies in the following proportions that is to say:— One by an association of Church of England Elementary Schools within the Borough, recognized by the Council for the purpose; one by an association of Roman Catholic Elementary schools within the borough, recog- nized by the Council for the purpose; one by the Governors of the Warrington Grammar School; one (a woman) by the Council of the Warrington Diocesan Training College ; one by the Warrington Chamber of Commerce; one by the Workingmen's Committee of the Warrington Infirmary; three by the Education Committee. The persons to be recommended by the Education Committee must be persons experienced in Secondary and:Higher Education. In the event of any of the recommending bodies ceasing to exist, the Conn- , cil shall substitute such other body as in their opinion is of the same character or represents the same interests as the body which has ceased to exist." Councillor TINSCON said he had an objection to lump- ing together the Nonconformist and tha Unsettarian schools. Rather than agree to the curtailing of the committee, as suggested by Alderman Shaw Green, he was hnlined to in.:rease the number of outsiders and also the representatives of the Council. He proposed as an amendment that the Nonconformist Elementary schools and that the Unsectarian schools each have a representative. He did not object to the Grammar School, the Training College, or the Chamber of Com- merce each having a member on the committee, but he was in a serious diliculty in regard to the Working Men's Committee of the Infirmary having a representa- tive. (Hear, heir.) If that organization was to have one he contended that the Friendly Societies and the Trades and Labour Ceuncil,were entitled to one, and he thought the Teachers' Association should have one also. (Hear, hear.) %Viten he read the paragraph which in- ferred that no schoolmasters need apply he was vary much struck. It was evidently carefully hidden. He did not agree that schoolmasters should have no place on the committee and that it was entirely outside their sphere. They were entitled to more consider ation than theyhad been shown byjthe committee which had drawn up the scheme. They wanted the committee to be repre- sentative of every section. He did not see why the com- mittee should not be a large one, and with that object in view he would endeavour to enlarge the number of co-optative members on the lines he had mentioned.

- Tha MAYOR observed that it had 1,;(;;Cs-u—iies—CaCiThat each paragraph in the clause should be taken separately. Alderman MONICS then proposed, and Councillor BENNETT seconded, that the first paragraph relating to the Church of England schools be agreed to. Alderman HUTCIIINSON contended that three-fourths or at least one-half of the children in the town were edacated in church schools, and he thought the repre- sentation on the committee would be more equally divided if the church schools were allowed two repre- sentatives instead of one as proposed. He proposed that the Church schools have two representatives. Councillor Camic seconded the amendment: He con- sidered the representation proposed ifttogether inade- quate for the number of Church schools that would be taken over. The school buildings connected with the Parish Church were worth £30,003. Councillor F. R. RosErus said the Church wauld also be represented by the nominee of the governors of the Grammar School—(" No, no.") The Grammar School was a Church of England foundation, as Was also the Diocesan Training College. They might take it that. the representatives of these' institutions would be mem- bers of the Church of England. At present the Noncon- formists had only half a representative. (Laughter.) If they gave the Nonconformists a member, he was dis- posed to vote for two representatives of the Church schools.

Councillor BENNETT did not see any necessity for drawing any distinction between the Nonconformist and Unsectarian schools. For all practical purposes the terms were synonymous. Councillor IT. ULSE said the question of representation was discussed at a meeting of managers of Church of England schools that afternoon. They were quite satisfied with one representative', lent he should ask for two if the Nonconformists and Unsectarian schools were to have one each.

COunciiiir WILLIAM ROBF.R.TS thou,ght it would be a reasonable mpromise if the Nonconformists were allowed to ndllinate one representative, the linsectaria,n school in tnagera one representative, and the Church of England two representatives.

Coundillor -TiNXION said as a compromise he would accept that. _ . _

Councillor BENNETT protested, and said if they began to multiply the co-optative members they woiAld have a balky committee which would be practically unworkable. If every association were to be represented and they (the Corporation) appointed a member of the Council pro rata,—they would have to get a larger Council. Councillor TINsioN: You are dreaming again. (Laughter.) Councillor BENNETT said he was only trying to show that if they went on in that telescopic manner they would have an unworkable committee. He thought one representative for the Church of England, schools and one for the Nonconformist and Unsnctarian Salleels was sufficient.

Councillor JAMES 'EVANS said the Nonconformists were airciou4 to have a rapre3eotative of their own. With reference to the Training College representative, he believed that 95 per cent, of the persons in that college were not Warrington citizens. Councillor HuLsii:: That does not matter. Councillor JAMEi EVANS: - I think it matters a groat deal, especially when you are considering the basis of representation. Then with regard to the Grammar School, about -15 per cent, of the boys attending there were not actually Warrington boys, and their parents did not pay Borough rates. He claimed that the British Schools and the Nonconformist Schools had a stronger claim than the Grammar School or the Training Col- lege. (Hear, hear). It was right to give the Church of Eqgland schools a fair representation. Councillor PIERPOINer said he had no objection to the Council settling the religious question in the way they thought best, but he was afraid if they enlarged the committee in the manner proposed the Friendly Soci- eties, the Trades and Labour Council and the Teachers' Association would be left out in the cold. Councillor EVANS : No. Councillor PIERPOINT (continuing) said Alderman Shaw Green had spoken of a small committee. He (Councillor Pierpoint) thought it would be better to have a_ large Education Committee. Alderman MONKS said it -seemed to be altogether overlooked that in appointing representatives from the Grammar School and the Training College,they desired to obtain theservices of persons who knewsomething of the educational needs of the town and who would help the members of the Council in carrying out the re- quirements of the Act. He was sorry the matter had been introduced in the form it had., The educational needs of the town seemed to have been left out of the question altogether, and it seemed that individual repre- sentation was aimed at, and not the general interests of the children. He could not help thinking it was a mis- take not to accept the recommendation of the com- mittee so far as those were concerned. The amendment that the Church schools should have two representatives, the Roman Catholics one, the Non- conforfnists one, .and the Unsectarian schools one, was carried.

COUNCiLLOR, FORSHAW SUGGESTS AN ALTERAT[QN.

Councillor FORiILVW moved that the Church of England- schools representatives be appointed by the managers of the schools instead of by an association, because the managers wore well up in educational matters end knew whom to appoint. The Tows CLERK plinted out' that the associttion would be formed of managers.

Councillor FousuLtw siid there wac.: an association but it did not represant all the schools..

Councillor Hulsg said this inattr• diqoussed by a fairly rapresent.ttive body or tA, :lii Eng- land school mu-Lagers, who decided to have a me...,ting in the near future tr) form aa associatioa to comply with the clause.. (Rev, hear.) .

Alderman NiONK'S S lid the committee were. trying to make the basis as wide as possible, so as to include everybody who would be of use. Councillor Vousll.4.w said he would b 3 satisfi3d if the association was to be formed of managers.

THE GRANDE:I.R SMOOL REPRESffNTATIVES.

Alderman Mosxs moved the adoption of the pam- graph relating to the representation of the Grammar Alderman Bouros seconded.

The AIkYOR p)intNi out that the Corporation already appointed three gentlemen: who were trustees of the -I school. The motion was carried.

THE TRAINING COLLEGE.

saouLD TilEaE BE A LADY REPRESENTATIVE?

In nnving th dopion of the p2ragrailh relating to the Training College, which ftt ipulated that the repre- sentative should b 3 a ;roar:in, Alderman Monks said that per3onilly 'a3 was nut in favour of the stipulation. The committee could co-opt ladies if necessary. Soma dis3assiou C)uneillpr Pemb3rton re- marking that if the stipulation wor3 deleted, the com- mittee . would be bothered by all the ladies associa- tions in Warrin:gtoa with regard to the representative. (Laughter). _

• Caiincilfor W. ROBERTS thought that if they had ladies on the committee at all there ought to be two. The Council decided to omit the stipulation from the paragraph. TEACHERS TO BE REPRESENTED ON THE

COAI,3IITTEE.

Councillor TINS/ON proposed that the Council grant the warrington Branch of the National Union of Teachers' the right of makin,, one nomination. Councillor DAVIES seconded.

Couacillo r F. R. FOBERTS said the object of the • whole Act was to have the education of the town carried on by a body representing all sections, and it would be little short of absurd if that portion of the constitu- ency best able to help them in the administration of the Act was shutout altogether. (Hear, hear.) They would want a good many hints and suggestions from those in the teaching profession, and in his opinion they - would be shutting the door against probably Via most useful representatives it would be possible o find if they excluded a representative of the National Union of Teachers. (Hear, hear). Councillor UPSON said members of the Council seemed to be fighting his battle so splendidly that it was hardly necessary for him to say much. The draft scheme which was submitted almost implied that "no schoolmaster need apply." If he ware asked to give an opinion upon the manufacture of \iron, the baking of bread or the brewing of beer it would carry no weight, and yet " Dick," " Tom "and "Harry " were supposed to be necessarily educational experts. (Laughter.) The teacher's position on the Committee was absolutely a legal one. It was expressly stated in the Act that a teacher was qualified to sit on the Committee, and therefore it was not a question of legality, but whether it was a proper thing to do or not. Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS: The morality of the question. (Laughter.) Councillor UPsoN said he was quite disposed to dis- cuss it in that light. Without attempting to disparage those gentlemen who would be appointed by the Council to sit on the committee, it must be confessed that they had not that intimate knowledge of educational matters that a teacher daily engaged in school work had. (Hear, hear). It was said the committee would be the paymasters of such teachers,but that wasa feeble objec- tionetnd he wished to point out that there would be more money received in grants from the National Exchequer that would pay the salaries of all the teachers of the schools in Warrington. Therefore the objection was a slight one. It was of immense advantage to a com- mittee to have sitting on it an expert. He mentioned the Sanitary Works Committee for instance. All the members knew that it was immensely helpful in the committee to have sitting upon it such menus Council- lor John Evans and Councillor Dancan—(Hear, hear)— and a teacher would be in the same position on the Education Committee, as he came into touch with his professional brethren, and knew the needs of education better than anyone else. - (Hear, hear.) He had before him the education schemes of every County Council, Borough Council and Non-Borough Council that had been approved, and he found that more than four-fifths of these Councils had nominated an elementary teacher on the committee. (Hear, hear.) The County. Connell of Hertfordshire of which Lord Salisbury was a member had nominated two masters of experience Ca elementary education on the education committee, and what was good for Hertfordshire would be good for Warrington. He had also obtained particu- lars of the election of teachers on the educational authorities of France, Switerzland and Germany, and no member of the Council would pretend that we had come within sight of the educational efficiency of con- tinental countries in the matter of education. He found that in all continental countries, elementary teachers were allowed to take a part on,and werelable to render very efficient help to tho education committees. Councillor Upson concluded by reading an appreciation of the work of teachers on el:nation c3nrnittees by Mr. Horsfall.

Aldermn MONKS Said that if they gave representa- tion to the teachers they would next have an applica- tion from the headmasters of elementary schools for a representative. They had an association just as well. Councillor TINN EON : The National Union of Teachers includes the headmasters. Alderman Max}cs : But there is a Headmasters' Association.

Councillor Uesolst : Not in Warrington. Alderman MONKS : And we shall also have an appli- cation from, the teachers at the secondary schools, and where are we to draw the line ? If we give represen- tation to the teachers at all it should be given to head- masters as being men who have had a large experience and who would be more competent to help the com- mittee. We have a large number of teachers in War- rington who are not certified, who have not obtained the necessary scholarships established by the Govern- ment, and yet they claim to be represented on the Education Committee.

Councillor UPSON : The Warrington Teachers' Asso- ciation consists only of trained certificated teachers. Councillor TINNION : That is the association we are dealing with. Alderman MONKS: That I did not know. We have this claim for representation but do not know who com- pose the Association, and no information is given about it. Continuing he said quite recently an attempt was made to provide a special course of instruction for teachers. The scheme was taken up heartily in Widnes, Runcorn and St. Helens, and yet there were not more than six in Warrington who came forward, showing how little interest existed amongst the teachers in the matter of improving their qualifications and position. If a teacher were nominated it would be necessary to give him leave of absence to attend the meetings of the Education Committee, because they would have to be held in the day-time.

Councillor PEMBERTON referring to the moral ques- tion which had been introduced, said the teachers would only draw their salaries. They would not sell goods of a doubtful description to the Corporation. Councillor LORD: Will they float on companies? (Laughter.) _

• Councillor PEMBERTON (contihuing) said it was necessary to have persons on the committee .experi- enced in educational matters. H 3 was in favour of the Natioml .Union of Teachers nominating a representa- tive.

Councillor UPSON replied that it was not their fault that the teachers were partially qualified. It was be- cause the managers had had such limited means that. they had been compelled to employ partially qualified teachers. That should not be urged as a reflection on the Warrington Teachers' Association, which consisted entirely of certificated teachers. With reference to leave of•absence, if the staff of the school covered the needs of the school without a teacher he was -allowed to b 3 absent to attend the meeting. Alluding to the question of a teacher sitting on a committee which fixed his salary. Councillor Upson said it was im- possible for one member to get all the other members to give him a larger salary than the others. .

Councillor BENNETT said he differed from the com- mittee on the matter and should support the amend- ment. There was,a great deal of force in the difficul- ties which Alderman Monks had raised. He (the speaker) did not, share the extreme views taken by Conncillors Lord And Pemberton, but all the same he was rather surprised that they should have supported the amendment. He thought the Council would be ex- tremely foolish not to avail themselves of the best ex- pert advice that was possible, and obviously teachers and masters would be of the greatest conceivable service.

Councillor CRAIK said the members of the Teachers' I Union were mostly headtnasters and they would choose a headmaster froultheir own body to represent therh. Tile statement of Alderman -illo.nks ! was entirely misleading, as he was leading the Council • to believe that the meMbers -of the Union were going to send any kind of a teacher on the committee. Up to the present time 38 Education Committees had been formed, and no fewer than :33 had co-opted members of the National Union of Teachers. Alderman SUTTON could not see his way to support ; the amendment, because he did not think it was at all desirable that anyone holding an office of profit in a school should sit on the committee. It WAS just pos- sible tie might have some influence with the members of the Committee in matters in which he WAS personally Iconcerned,and he thought it was just as desirable in that case as any other case that the parity of the Council ; should be maintained. (Laughter). I Councillor PEACOCK, whilst approving the action of I the committee in leaving the matter for the Council to I decide, supported the amendment. The amendment was carried by a large majority. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

Ald.rnvtMoNK pr3pos?d tint on r3presmtative be ! appointed by the Chamber of Commerce. He thought t hat the mamtfacturers should have an opportunity of ' stating their views in regard to technical instruction. Canucillor f32gNE-rr s.:73ade+d, and it was carried.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE SAMPLE BOTTLES

OF VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

The remarkable rapidity with which Veno's Lightning Cough Cure absolutely cures the worst cases of chronic Coughs, Bronchitis, • Asthma, Influenza, Catarrh, and children's coughs has gained for it a scientific standing and many recommendations from leading authorities. GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, F.C.S.' Analyst, 11 and 12, Gt. Tower-street. London, says in his certificate of analysis: "I am of opinion that Veno's Lightning-Cough Cure will prove a valuable remedy in the cure of Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, and all bronchial complaints." Ask for Veno's Lightning Cough Cure; 1/14 and 2/9 at chemists. S?nd 3d. postage for a large free sample bottle. Address: THE VENO DRUG CO., HOLM: MANCHESTER. INIENT[os THIS PARER. ,

Councillor W. ROBERTS pointed out that the Liverpool and Manchester City Councils had co-opted members of the Trades and Labour Councils. Surely, with such examples as those the Council might fairly appoint one representative from the Trades Council.. Alderman BOLTON thought it would avoid friction if they allowed each body as well £IS the Friendly Societies to have a representative. The working classes would, however, have direct representation through the mem- bers of the Town Council who would be elected on the Education Committee, as immediately anyone ceased to be a member of the Council he also ceased to be a mem- ber of the committee.

_ Councillor JOHN ROBE trrs said he•hqd not the slightest objection to the Trades Council having a representative, but he strongly objected to the Workingmen's Com- mittee being struck off.

Councillo-r F. R. ROBERTS said he understood the. Ironworkers were not represented on the Trades Coun- cil. They formed such a large proportion of the work- ingmen of Warrington that if they did not recognise the Trades Council, it was not representative of the work- ingmen. He was not in favour of striking off the Workingmen's Committee and substituting a commit- tee which was not recognized by the most powerful industry in the town. _

COMl;itiOr PIERPOINT pointed out tkat-the Trades Council had a direct representation of between 2,000 and 3,000 trade unionists and that was a body of men which the Town Council could not afford to ignore. He proposed that the Trades Council and the Workingnieu's Committee be represented. Councillor CRAIK seconded. CottncillorßENNETT was not in favour of the proposi- tion, as he considered they would be making the Com- mittee altogether too large. He was of the opinion that the Trades Council should be represented in pre- ference to the Workingmen's Committee. If they co-opted a representative from the Chamber of Com- merce which represented the bulk of the manufacturers, it followed as a natural:corrolary that they should co-opt a member of a body representing the workingmen. He contended that the Trades Council was•more represen- tative than the Workingmen's Committee. ,ACouncillor BURTON said the Workingmen's:Committee represented over 100 works. With regard to the Trades. Council he was informed that there was not a mu at the works with which he was connected or at Dallam or Bewsey who was in any way connected with the Council. He was in favour of the Friendly Societies being represented. He did not want to speak dis- paragingly of any society of workingmen but he saw the leading men at the works with which he was con- nected, and they told him that two of them were ap- pointed by the men asrepresentatives on the TradesCounci I bitt that they left because the Council was composed not altogether of workingmen but of insurance agents. They found it almost unbearable to attend the meetings_ and consequently withdrew from the. Council.

Alderman SUTTON was proceeding. to speak against the appointment of so many representatives on the com- mittee when he was interrupted by Councillor Tinnion. Turning to Councillor Tinnion the Alderman asked "Do you know what I am going to say ?" Councillor TINNtoN : Yes. (Laughter.) Alderman SurroN: What am I going to say? Per- haps it is something wiser than you have got in your head. (Laughter.) At any rate ,you will perhaps all ow me to say what I have to say. Continuing, thl Alder- man said the most important point was the representa- tion of the various schools, and the workingmen were represented in the appointments which have already been made. If so many appointments were made it would only cause difficulties. There would be so many contentions arising at the committee meetings and so many proposi- tions by the members that it would be almost impos- sible to get through the work. What they wanted to do was to co-opt the most efficient men who would repre- sent the. whole borough.. . _ .

Councillor JAMES EVANS said he was informed that the leaders of the ironworkers had expressed a desire that as far as they were concerned the representation should be through the Trades Council. He was also given to understand that a considerable number of mem- bers of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers,Aitters &c., were employed in the ironworks and they were re- presented on the Trades Council. He contented that the Trades Council had it prior claim to representation. Councillor PEMBERTON considered that •as Town Councils throughout the country had recognized Trades and labour Con noils,it wasfoaly right that the Warrington Trades Council should have representation. Councillor TINNION was in favour of each organization being represented. Alderman MONKS objected to any further enlargement of the committee. Already it would number twenty Six and if they had a School Board they would only have to have about twelve members. If they agreed to further enlargement the Council would be creating a very un- weildy committee. It did not follow that they were going to get good committee men. The representative appointed by an organization might not be of any use as an. educational reformer or have had any experience in educational matters in War- rington at all. He was now of the opinion that of the two organizations mentioned the Working- men's Committeewonld really give them a more repre- sentative committee of 'workingmen. Nearly all the works in town subscribed to the Infirmary and those who subscribed nominated two members of the com- mittee each year. In that way they got a representative of all the works, which they Would not get if they selected the Trades Council as the body to nominate a representative. The Workingmen's Committee had long been established and in a sense was on a firmer'hasis and foundation than the Trades Council. If in five years the . Trades Council still continued, and by that time included all the labour representatives the •scheme could be altered by permission of the Board of Education and the Trades Council substituted for the Workingmen's Committee. On a vote being taken it was decided that each organiz- ation should have a representative.

THE COUNCIL'S CO-OPTATIVE MEMBERS. Alderma a MONKS moved that clause 4, which provides tor thea.ppointment of three• members of the Technical Sub-committee by the Council, be agreed to. That was desirable, because they might be able to get the services of people probably outside Warrington who might have had special experience with regard to secondary and higher education. It might be possible to get some- body from the Victoria University, and they also might have two or three ladies if they could find suitable

ones. Alderman SiLtw GREF.N seconded,

TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL SECURE Councillor PEMBERTON moved an amendment that REPRESENTATION. only two beappointed. WORKINGMEN'S INFIRMARY COMMITTEE :. There was no seconder and the resolution was . ALSO TO BE REPRESENTED. carried. . • INTERESTING DISCUSSION. THE SIZE OF THE COMMITTEE. Clause 1, which provides' that the committee shall Alderman Momcs proposed that the Council approve , the paragraph allowing the Workingmen's Committee of 'consist of 22 persons-12 councillors and ten co-optative . members—was next discussed. Alderman. MONKS said the Infirmary to nominate a representative. He said that in the first instance the Technical Instruction Cothey had already agreed to 14 co-optative members, and m- ; mittee recommended that the Trades and Labour 'as there must be a majority of councillors he recom- ; Council should nominate a representative, but at a mended that .15 be appointed. meeting of the Museum Committee, this was altered to Alderman BOLTON proposed that 21 members of the the Workingmen's Committee, under the impression I Council be elected. that the committee was more representative. After i Councillor LORD seconded. what had been said he suggested that the Trades and I Councillor W. ROBERTS moved that the total number Labour Council should be suatituted for that committee, on the committee be 30, instead of 35 as proposed by . —(hear, hear,)—and that power to appoint one repre- Alderman Bolton. He thought 16 councillors would be sentative Should be confined solely to them rather than sufficient. give another appointment to the Friendly Societies Alderman SHAW GREEN said the Council ought to have supreme control in spending. They had to raise the Conncil. Both bodies included 'practically the same men. money, spend.it,./nd account for it, and th, Au- - -

Aey should have a sufficiently. large majority to enable them to Councillor ELLISON seconcl3d. He was in favour of the Trade and Labour Council being- substituted for do so' the Infirmary Committee. He believed it was the best The TOWN CLERK : The entire control of financial organization of that class in the town, and one that matters restswith the Town Council. Councillor PrEaeorNr : I should like the Council to would probably be better able to carry on the work I consider what imposing all this additional ,rk on 21 than any other.

wor

Counallor JOIIX ROBERTS opposed the proposition. ! members means. He thought they had on the Infirmary Committee one if i Alderman A.foNics : The educational committee will not two representatives from every works in the town have as much work to do as the Council has to do to- andi neighbourhood, and that committee was something i day. e like 100 or 123 strong. If that was not quite sufficient i Th amendment to Paragraph 1, that the Committee consist of 35 members, 21 to be selected from the Town to entitle the Workingmen's Committee to be on the. C education authority he did not know what was, and he Council and 11 co-opted, was then put and carried by 23 could not understand where they could get a better votes to 3. representative than from their committee. He was not I PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT. going to boast about the amount of good they had done At this stage Alderman MONKS suggested that the but 119, thought he would not be out of place in saying ' discussion should be adjourned, as the remainder of the that since its formation the committee had been able to . business would, in. his opinion, occupy Naito as much hand over to the institution, of which they were all , time as had already been spent in discussing the clauses proud,'somethinglike £15,000 or £16,000. (Hear. hear.) they had agreed to. That alone was qruite sufficient to entitle them to a The members. however,appeared to be opposed to this representative. Ife would go further, and say that as course and decided to go on. far as the 'respectability of the men was concerned—and OTHER CLAUSES. he thought he had a right to say that—hear, heat)— Within a few minutes, dlauses 9,4, 5,6, 7, 8 10 11 they would not find a more respectable body of men 13, 11, 15, 16, 17, 18, and 25, as appeared in Saturday's connected with any committee in the borough. .1 " Examiner "were agreed to without comment. Clauses Councillor JAM-ES EVANS : I propose that the , 9 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24 were struck out by the Board Trades and Labour Council have a representative in of Education, while No. 12 was deleted by the Council. place of the Warrington Dffirmary Committee. Councillor ELLISON seconded. , The Technical Sub-Committee were empowered to go on with the usual work until the Education Committee Councillor JA.MES EVAN'S saidthey were now in order: : ! He did not want to say anythin comes into operation. bility or the usefulness of theg Workingmen's Corn- about the respecta- .i The Council then rose, after having sat for two an& mittee. They had done good work, for which they were a half hours. very thankful, but the Council were just now speaking about the representation on the Education Com- mittee. What the Infirmary C -ifirnittes had to do with education he was at a loss to see. The Trades and Labour Coaacil wai the organization which fairly represented the working Classes of the to vu. He claimed, from the reading of the letters by the Town Clerk, that there was no person selected to sit on that Board who had been so largely 4, recommended from working men's organizations as the Trades and Labour Council. He understood that for a considerable time the Chamber of Commerce had noticed the Trades Council and had given them a representative on that body. He thought that spoke volumes—if he might use that expression—for the Trades Council. That day the Wire-drawers' Association—which was 600 strong—had held a meeting and had voted in favour of the Trades and Labour Council having a representative. They were bona-pc working men, and not like his friend Councillor John Roberts. (Laughter). i Councillor ROBERTS looked round n astonishment. Councillor JAMES EVANS, continuing, said Councillor John Roberts was one of those working men who told other men what.to do—(laughter)—but the Trades and Labour Council were the men who did the work. If Mr. Roberts had given a list of the names of the mem- bers of the committee they would have found that it contained a large element of the class he had referred to. He had therefore great pleasure in proposing the amendment.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
WORN OUT HEARTS. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills Cure.

WHEN' we remember (says a medical author) tivt from, the moment of birth the Heart pulsates about seventy times every minute it is not surprising to learn that Hearts_ wear out Oftener than is suspected. Seventy; beats a minute-4,200 an hour—over 100,000 a thy—con- siderably over thirty-six and a 'half millions a year. i No wonder there is unsuspected Heart Disease n the world ! Does your arm sometimes grow numb? Do your eye- lids tremble? Do you, now and then, experience a.. : momentary faintness and loss of comprehension? That probably means that the heart is a little worn. Are you • easily out of breath? When you lie down to sleep at 'night does your breath for a little while comeshort and ! fast, and do you notice a throbbing at the temples? ; The heart again. Are you flushed after eating, your heart beating rather too violently, your hands and lips swollen as by a temporary dropsy? That again is the Heart troubling you. The heart is very apt to be dis- turbed by outside causes, as Indigestion, Anwmia, the after-symptoms of Influenza, Fever (especially Scarlet Fever); Rheumatismor Gout. In any of these cases, or I where' the heart shows signs of sharing a general weak- ness of the system, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are a great protection. They are not purgative (you must on no•account take purgatives if your heart is even' under suspicion), but, on the contrary, strength- ening and tonic: Mr. Walter Stansfleld, 9, Bleak-street, Gomer.sal, near Tieed:s, says that Dr. Williams'Pink Pills brought him back fi-orn the very brink of the grave. He thus described his: cure in the Leeds SaturckLY Journal :

"I owe my lifetoDr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. 'About eighteen months ago I began to feet pains about my heart—sometimes as if a rod of cold iron had been thrust into my chest. • "After a while I found it difficult to walk up a hill, however easy the incline might be. Doctors told me to be very careful; not to get excited, and never attempt to lift a heavy weight. The colour had gone from my face, my feet and legs became puffed. I tried to re— sume work again, but it was a failure. Nothing a- vailed to give me ,relief. But a niece, who called one day, declared that Dr. Williams' Pink pills had done: her great good. I began to use them taking one pill / after each meal. When the third box was nearly fin- ished T began to feel and to know for certain that a. miracle had been worked. The Heart trouble ceased, the swelling of my legs, feet, and hands disappeared, and to the amazement of our neighbours, I rapidly mended' until I became as you see me, a healthy man of forty-fi've, with a splendid appetite and fit for daily- toil. " •

Genuine pills bear the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on the wrapper. If tradespeople worry with substitutes please send their names to Dr. Medibine Company, Holborn Viaduct,London, from whom genuille Dr. Williams' pills can .be had, post free, for 2s: 9d.—Six boxes, 13s. 9d.

Forthcoming': Presentation. Next Thursday evening the members of the War- rington and District Branch of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (Manchester. Unity) intend making a. presentation to Prov. Grand Master T. S. Steel iii recognition of the exceptional services rendered by him to the Order- during Coronation year. The • pre- sentation will be made by P.M. Ellis, R. Clare, and will takethe form of a gold hunter Watch. On the front of the watch is engraved the respondent's mono- gram, and inside the following inscription appears :7-- " Presented to P.P.G.11.- Thomas S: Steel, MX.. for services rendered, Coronation year,. 10024'. A. Warrington Drowning Mystery. - -

Mr. S. Brighouse, County Cowroner, conducted arr. inquest at the Police Station on Monday afternoon, touching the death of James Eddie, a scavenger Nrr the employ of the Corporation, who resided in Win- wick-road, and whose body was recovered from the - -Mersey. near Quay Fold, about noon on Sunday.,--ThEy evidence showed that deceased left the house on Sun- day morning with the intention of .going for a walk, and at noon Sergeant Smith recovered his body from. the river. There were no marks of violence upon it. Deceased's son stated that his father had been subject to fits of dizziness during the past six months, but witness had never heard him threaten to take awar his life.—A verdict of " Found drowned " was re- rimed.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
All Arsen. •gressi! Partri .arrns, Co Merca Procei vieek .corres ,increa,

===== 0002601_19030220_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0

===== 0002601_19030220_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
The Union transie 'Low ar

-are -busine Volun

On ;. the WI has ap modifit in the

or the t tic Con

At el before -Nom kttife, C. IteCT that _ . at

r o'We lie int! had' foll.)we fri he had 80aie

===== 0002601_19030220_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IC rted be

===== 0002601_19030220_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4.16.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLAaT CONVENTION.

The annual session of the LO.G.T.. No. 1, Convention W. Lancashire was held in the Co-operative Hall, •Earle-street, Earlestown on Saturday. Bro. J. Parr, t.C.T., (Leigh) presided over a good attendance of re- plesentatives and visitors a large number journeying from Warrington and others being present from Ashton, Wigan,Widnes, Sutton, and Leigh. A vote of sympathy , Was accorded to Bro Speakman, C. Treas., (Ashton) on kis meeting with an accident. Bro. Parr gave a very good report of the past mouth's work in the area and s,tated that there seemed to be a grand revival of Work 111 the lodges, each one striving against the stream of intemperance.—The report of the C. Secretary (Bro. P. Smith) showed a substantial increase in most of the lodges in the area, the highest increase being 14 • in the Temperance Mission Lodge, Warrington. Sister Woods. C.S.J.T. (Earlestown), reported on the 'work among the juveniles which showed a fair state of affairs in this department. An increase of 20 was re- Ported of the Young Mission Temple, Warrington. The convention had been well represented in the National temple examination, a good number of juveniles gaining certificates. Bro. Vint, C.E.S. (Ashton) reported on the electoral work of the •convention. The officers were -elected 'ls follows :—C.C.T., 13.-o. Parr (Leigh); Bro. G. Clark Earlestown); C.E.S., Bro. Vint (Ashton); c.s.J.T., Sister Mrs. Woods (Earles- town) ; C.V.T., Sister Battersby (Leigh); C.Sec., Bro. Smith (Ashton) ; (.Treas., Bro. Waroarton (Earles- 'town) • C. Chaplain, Tiro. Hulme (Leigh) ; C. Marshall, tro. C. J. Sheath (Warrington); C.A7S., Sister Lowe Tu'igan); C.D.M. Sister N. Bowyer (Warrington); C. ard, Bro. Blundell (Wigan): C. Sentinel, Bro. Rogers, (Leigh). The ocers w.re• duly installed by Bro. the Rev. J. A. Lee, D.C.T. (Liverpool) who afterwards de- livered a brief address. A letter of sympathy was .ordered to be sent to Bro. Morris Jones, D. Sec., (Liverpool) on his serious illness. The.inembers then .'sat down to a substantial tea.. A public meeting was -afterwards held in the same room, the Rev. George Cook presiding. Earnest addresses were delivered by the Chairman and the Rev. J. A. Lee. Gramaphone selections by Mr. Porter, songs by Mr. Rogers, and Mrs. Williams and a recitation by Mr. Rose were much en- joyed. Two very pleasing feature.; were given by the Members of the "Young mission of Warrington" 4lnvenile Templ,, viz., " Mower dance" by the ~irls,and "Marching song" and drill by tae boys. The usual votes of thanks followed and the singing of the Doxology terminated the .proceedings.

All the men injurA in the explosion at Woolwich Arsenal were on Wednesday evening rep!)rted to be pro- gressing as wAI as could be expected. Captain ii s!,vere burns iiz the -12eaa and to the Herbert Hospital.

rtridge, wac 1-);t4n

arils,

COMMERCIAL PAlLCRES.—According to " Mercantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Proceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the Week ending Feb. 14th, was 92. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 31, showing an -Increase of 8, being no alteration in 190:3, to date.

If you Eke

but dare not eat it, Try some bakes at home w:th

(") 4.m,i,E4‘Trrn ixatlos' (itoViss"Fiv,s.4la

Raising Powder

:v. . -- ~,,,.. ~.,5,3 ~ lir ,x,, ~:; .... „ : _ - itZW ~,... -' , Bread, . ~4.4 ~,..-, i ..v...,_ . \ 1 I k

===== 0002601_19030220_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
T:,:isley Flour:

"7 1 ' In the form of "Little Dinner Loaves "—see recipe on packet —it may be eaten with safety shortly after being baked. , , "Paisley Flour" makes sweet, P 4 wholesome bread, light to eat, 1 and easy to digest. k, Brown 8: Poison publish a 1 ; Mile book of simple recipes and directions to encourage home .. baking. Send Id. stamp for copy to Brown Eic Poison, Paisley. .-.4 `-

(TRADE MARK.)

grhe N 2-7/ War::ngton Bank. The u.ejf zhe Warriagtoh Braaeh of the 'Union Rink of Mmlrliester, Limited, was oa Monday from the old !milk tt Market Gate to the ilew and handsome buildid, it: the (-orner of Cairo- 't•l'ect. The w •••,t have been erected hi-

Jesses. lut:Brx.va an 1 Sill, buildcN.s, Slt ford, 'are admiratoiv adapted for the carrying ua of the business of a -bank.

Volunteer Encampments. On Saturday the following, notice was issued from the War °nice of Sta.) for War has approvod of the Volunteer regulations being so I.nodi-lied as to adtnit of the issue oF camp allowances in the case of volunteers camping at or helot e Whit- suntide for those officers and volunteers who, being-- (a) Recruits, have given at least ten -attendances at recruit training. (b) Trained men, have given at least five attendances at. company training since the previous Ist November. the balance of attt-mdances being made up in each case respectively before I\To-rniber Ist l'ollowing. He has .further approved of the Brigade Bearer Company camping for a fort- night when the camp or their brigade is estiblished Sthat period." it Constable's Smartness,

At Warrington Oc:.!asional fart, Satcrday, ';efore Mr. F. Monks. a man minted job ilarrison,who himself as a fireman hailing from; Buckley, Au North wale,, was charged with stealing- a Iniy kilire, of the value of 10s. the. property of Thomas tillinp-ton, farmer, Daresbury, on February 12th. P. C-1-ledlington, of the Borough Police Force, stated that at ten o'clock on Friday morning he raw the Prixoner enter the shop of Mr. Alo:.t.on, 11-:idge Fon-. fie intptired at ;he ahop and ascertained that ;he loan ▪ triel to nawn o hay knife. Being suspicious he toll.)wed the Prisoner, who on being finestioned, said had bought the knife at Moore to tuable hint to do s(Mle hay-cutting. The officer noticA that the pris- ,",er was in cm dirty condition, and the man subserinen- ,lY4admitted to him that he had been sleeping on a 'lay stack from which he had taken the knife. The case Ny:l,-; remanded to the .Daresbury Petty Sessions ts SucuritY in a rar

..ICB Will sweeten t1..1-: Breatti all day, and make al! the difference be• att's'hnelY c.nre St.ic IreAdactie, . e'en— una,atess. lorpid Live,. Judi- i 23 -cod Teeth and Bad Teem, 'stick I Red ToConstipation, Dizziness. ' whits teeth and Yellow Teeth;/._..r.,tch_ the Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth complete in Toilet e., t7:111 lA, lure t/la. Oli pijilea Tociis kewd:,..r. z`-``.."

CARTER'S ro-LE IVER :mall Pill. iimz.ll Lose. elits Small Ince ~,,e

1 o on tht to,

*very morning

I.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
,SOZONNT

BAND OF HOPE WORK.

Annual Mnting of the Lancashire and

Cheshire Union.

Canon Hicks, who is a leader of the Band of Hope movement in Lancashire and Cheshire, speaking- on Saturday, maintained that the amazing awakening amongst the magistrates was due to the long continued efforts of all temperance workersover a large series of years. . Referring to the progress made by recent legislation towards the temperance movement, he said that the hope- ful sign of the times was that the speed of progress would be much accelerated in the near future. Although we were said to be a nation of shopkeepers, John Bull could not be very careful in keeping his accounts,other- wis e he would have found that the most expensive thing to keep, were soldiers abroad and brewers at home. The occasion was the annual meeting in Manchester of the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope and Tem- perance Union, which was established 40 years ago, and now links together 78 town and district unions,compris- ing 1,657 societies and 268,000 members. It was in- creased during last year by six unions and 103 bands of hope. An important p trt of the union's work is the Scientific Temperance Teaching Scheme, under which last year lecturers visited 1,163 schools and gave science object lessons to 3,253 teachers and 111,688 scholars, of whom 49,095 prepared essay reports of the lessons, for which 23,664 certificates of merit were awarded by the com- mittee. The village agents of the union tarried on a systematic missionary crusade in the northern, central, and southern districts, and visited 212 villages, and ad- dressed 254 meetings, with an aggregate audience of 33,881. • A resolution was on Saturday adopted agreeing to make every effort to raise £15,000 for the continuance for the next five years of teaching in the day and even- ing schools of Lancashire, Cheshire, ond North-West Derbyshire the principles of temperance and also for the provision, free from debt, of the new offices of the union in.Deansgate, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL FOOTBALL

"vITBARY TABLR TFOLNISHRS & PINS V Are reminded that Billiards, the King of In llor Gaines. Is brought a within the reach of everybody by BUSEIRY'S Table Bidi rds, procurable from the local Sports. D ler at 12s. fd. and 18s. 61. If you have not already GEor G. Exam' & Co.'s., 1..d00r Games List, obtain it fro.a you Dealer (71).

===== 0002601_19030220_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHE,N UNION CUP.

FIRST ROUND.

RESULTS.

Oldham l-0- 2 *Broughton...-. 0-0... 0 *Leigh -0. 0 Swinton -0... 0 *Wigan. l-2 8 Stockport O-0... 0 *St. Helens -0. 6 Warrington -1... 3 *Runcorn 2-1 7 Widnes -0... 2 *Bradford 2--9 10 Huddersfield l-1... 5 *Rochdale Ilor. ... 3-9...33 Alverthorps O-0... 0 *Hal:fax a 5-8..34 Salterhebble O-o._ 0 York . 0-2... 0 *Hull Kingston 1-0... 2 *Hunslet ....- 3-4...18 Cleckheaton ... 1-1... 5 Leeds O-5 .15 *D,ewsbury O-0... 0 Morecambe -1... 5 *Kendal Hr... 0-4._ 3 *Wakefield O-1. 3 Holbeck -0...• 0 *Miltom 9-1 7 Lancaster O-0... 0 Batley *Birkenhead._ -3...15 Werneth -0... 0 *Parton 1-1... 9 Workington ... 1-1... 5 *Bramley 2-2 .10 Pontefract -1... 5 Normant on *Keighley ...... _... 9-5...27 Hockmondwike , o=o._ 0 *Manningham.-... 0-0.- 0 Idle O-0... 0 Barrow l-1. 5 *Seaton l-0... 2 Brighouse l-2... 8 *Kinsley -0... 0 *Castleford -0. 2 Thrum Hall O-0... 0 *Watt' Brow l-1. 5 .Whitehaven O-0... 0 *Ossets O-0. 0 Otley O-0... 0 *South Shields .... ...58 St. Paul's O-0... 0 Played on the ground of the club marked* • WARRINGTON BEATEN BY ST. HELENS.

It was Warrington's luck- to be drawn away on Satur- day, but they could not complain about having to visit St. Helens,the wooden-spoonists of the League. ‘s the team was at full strength with the exception of Fish, the 1,500 spectators who accompanied Warrington thought they would just about win. St. Helens were not despondent, however, and with Pennington in place of Hall at half-back, the team could not be said to be weakened.- A strong wind blew from goal to goal, hut otherwise the conditions were satisfactory. There would be 3,000 spectators present, and, the players and officials were:

St. Helens—Foulkes, back ; Liversage, C‘reevey, Kennedy, and Wearing, three-quarter backs; Penning- ton and Banks, half backs ; Briers Carney, Whiteley, Thompson, Green, Masyson, Mavily, and Smith, for- wards.

Warrington—Hallam, back; Harris,lsherwood,Dicken- son, and Hockenhall, three-quarter backs; Duckworth and Burgess, half backs ; Morrison, Boardman, Swift, Harmer Roberts, Edmondson, Naylor and Foster, forwards.

Referee, Mr. J. H. Smith, Widnes. Touch judges, Mr. W. J. Britton, Leigh, and Mr. T. L. Brimelow, Salford.

1 St. Helens won the toss and secured the assistance of the wind for the first 40 minutes, Swift starting for " Warrington at 3.15, a quarter of an hour having been I spent in waiting for Burgess. The first "scrum" was ' at centre, and Burgess punted, but the ball was blown down to Hallam Who saved in front of the St. Helens forwards. St. Helens at once attacked, but Duckworth ! and Dickenson relieved, the latter evequallymaking a 1 fine rim into St. ;Helens territory. Here the visitors !again got possession and Duckworth after a short run threw wide to Forster who fielded cleanly and making a 1 great effort scored at the corner amid deafening cheers from the Warrington partisans. Hallam failed at goal. This early score - against the wind seemed to give Warrington long odds, , but ; the Saints were not done with and very quickly I forced Warrington to the line. Here some very hard scrummaging took place, and eventually Banks dropped a goal vt,fy smartly. Still maintaining the advantage, chiefly by means of the wind, St. Helens kept Warring- ton defending. Creevy had hard lines, being only I knocked into touch a. yard from the line by Harris-. ! This scrimmage was followed by a most exciting period, the ball travelling •backwards and forwards' across the Warrington line which was only kept clear by resollite tackling. At last Waring made a mark from a fair Catch, and Pennington gave his side the lead by placing a good goal. St. Helens, thus encouraged, played up. The game was confined to the Warrington quarter and Warrington were given several free kicks, but these were of no practical utility against the wind. The game was twice stopped by injuries. St. Helens • now played five, three-quarters, Briars, being brought out of the Scrimmage, and still the seven forwards held the Warrington men. St. Helens lost a chance by an informality at the scrimmage. Hockenhall saved a certain try from Waring. Kennedy and Briars- ran strongly, but the passing was not taken up, and a grand opportunity was lost. Warrington then got away in the loose, Forster, Edmondson amid Harmer :casing the pressure on the Warrington goal. Banks - kicked over the scrimmage, and ran, but just failed to catch the ball, or he would have scored. Warrington were now penalized for the first time in the match, but Pennington missed the goal. Warrington were penned, The St. Helens left wing had a grand chance, but the passing was too slow. Warrington were again penalized, and Foulkes this time dropped a grand goal, placing his side three points ahead. Restarting, Duckworth ran well, but the ball went quickly to the Warrington goal, where Banks gave Briars possession, and he was only brought up a few inches outside the goal line. Half- time: St. Helens 3 goals, Warrington I try. On re-starting the Saints still kept Briers out as an extra threequarter. Warrington were some time before they could make headway, so energetic were the home scrummagers. At last a position was obtained near the home line, but the ball would not come out on the War-

Your Money.

Your grocer returns your money

if you don't like Fels-Naptha soap; we pay him to do so. Of course, you don't want the money you'd rather have the soap; for it saves you more than it costs. a bar.

FELS-NAPTIIA 39 Wilson Street London EC

Yington side. Time after time Pennington dropped on 't as it was heeled out, or occasionally passed, but the result was the sane. Warrington retnnined where they ! were. At last a penilty was given and Hahn it tried at goal only to fail badly, and shortly after Burgess had a ot with no more success. Then the Saints drove Warrington back temporarily but they cam again anda , round of passing by the backs resulted in Isherwood be- ing grassed near the line. Another effort gave Harris. a chance but he failed at the corner, Wearing upsetting him. A moment later he dashed over on his own and there were some premature cheers, the referee giving St. Helens a touch-down. After this .Warrington went worse, the homesters eonttolling the packs and giving Warrington no chance whatever. It was pitiable to watch the Warrington forwards, and before the close the home lot, led by Carney, made a grand dribble which was only checked a yard or two from the line by. Hallam. Play finally ceased at centre, St. Helens be- ing the victors by 3 goals (6 points) to Warrington one try (3 points.)

===== 0002601_19030220_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. WIDNES.

The first round in the cup ties was played between the above clubs on the Irwell Lane enclosure. A vast' amount of interest was taken in the match fully two thousand making the journey from the Lancashire side 1 of the river via the bridge. A quarter of an hour before the time the stand and, practically all the accommoda- tion round the field was occupied, there being nearly five thousand present. The climatic conditions were by no means as favourable as one might have wished, the ground being heavy,and the weather dull with a stiff breeze blowing from end to end. Both clubs turned out rep- resanthtive taams Mr. Kennedy of Broughton Rangers having charge of the whistle. Runcorn lost thetoss,Farmer starting,and Widnes at once forced Houghton to kick dead. Douglas marked, Moran a little later making a grand run along touch. Price got away, but Whelan marked and Aspey foend touch well in the home lines. The leather was kept at half way. At this point the game was held up for some time owing to Douglas having kicked Jolley-a caution following as a necessary consequence. By easy stages, mainly by forward play, the leather was carried into the 'visitors territory, Price and Butterworth being conspicuous with smart play. Houghton was next called upon, Whelan being tackled before he could part. A penalty kick taken by Tilley missed the cross bar by inches. Scrimmaging at half way gave Widnes a chance, smart play by Lally nearly getting Widnes in. Widnes still kept up the pressure, the home team contentinr, themselves with purely defen- sive tactics. At last after an exciting bit of play. Richardson gathered from Jolley, handing in turn to Butterworth and Jones, who transferred the play to the other end. For feet up, Runcorn were penalized, the ball travelling back again with a fine kick from Aspey. A brilliant little run by Butterworth placed Runcorn in atter position, but Tilley relieved. At this point Peacock was warned for foully charging Houghton. Richardson again set his line in motion, and Moran made a fine effoit to get in at the corner, Aspey just spoiling the effort. A forward rush by the Chemicals was saved on the line, Rispan being held by Butter- worth. The visitorsstill kept up the pressure, and from a good position Douglas landed a fine goal. The game warmed up considerably after this, Moran getting away grandly along touch. Tilley just as finely stopping his career. Tilley found touch, and gave the horuesteraan anxious time, Houghton eventually clearing. Play followed to half time, Widnes leading by one goal to Runcorn nil.

The restart saw a brilliant bit of passing by thehome back, touch being found at the top corner. From the scrummage Prise neatly gathered the leather and•dropped a. magnificent goal. Runcorn still kept up the attack Tilley mulling. The ball was kept unusually close, touch at length being found at the corner flag. Farmer failed at a penalty. Runcorn again got to work but the defence was very stubborn and no im- pression could be made. After a lot of unexciting. . play a round of passing between the home backs resulted in a scrummage being formed on the line. Jolley got the ball and handed to Richard- son,Butterworth getting over the line after a fineeffort. Farmer added the necessary goal points. The Chemicals got to work with a will after this, Butter- worth mulling and giving them a chance. Jolley worked the ball away, exchanges placing Runcorn in a much better position. For feet up the Chemicals were again penalized, Farmer failing at goal. Both sides continued to keep the ball close, little interesting play being wit- nessed. Final : —Runcorn, two goals one try; Widnes a goal.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Re-played Tie. SWINTON V. LEIGII.

These clubs, having played a draVn game at Leigh last Saturday, met again on the Swinton ground on Wednesday afternoon. The play throughout was in favour of the visitors, who won, but by the narrow margin of two points. This success was entirely due to the superiority of the Leigh forwards, who controlled the scrummages and allowed their backs to keep continually on the move. Bennett scored an unimproved try for Leigh, but before the interval Preston reduced the lead to one point by placing a penalty goal for Swinton. Afterwards Leigh continued to hold the upper hand,and Johnson farther augmented their score by placing two penalty goals. Swinton then played up better, and Lewis, from a round of passing, scored a try, which Preston failed -to improve. Up to the finish Leigh attacked strongly, but no further scoring took place, and the game ended—Leigh; two goals and one try (sev'en points); Swinton one goal and one try (five points).

===== 0002601_19030220_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

LATCHFORD RANGERS V. WIGAN "A."--7-These teams met at Wilderspool on Saturday before a poor attend- ance .of spectators. The visitors kicked off, but the Rangers were the first to attack, and Wigan being pena- lized Bate landedst goal in the first minute. Following this Latchford again got going, but the danger was quickly removed, Wilcox taking play to centre. A neat kick by Brown put the Rangers again on the attack, and Fillingham, after making a good run, was .bowled into touch near the line. Aided by a free kick, the visitors gained a footing in the home half, and for the first time theltangers were forced to defend. Still keeping up the attack,the ball was dribbled over,but the referee ordered a scrimmage and for this Rigby scrambled over near the posts. . The kick at goal was abortive. The home team were ?gain seen to advantage, and Brown landed a goal. Half-time arrived with Latchford leading by four points to three. After the interval. Wigan were the first to press, but the home defence proved safe. Play ruled in mid-field for a time, until Green gathered the ball and after eluding several opponents scored in grand style, no goal resulting. The Rangers were now a beaten team, Wigan having all the play. The game was stopped for a few moments owing to an in- jury to one of the visitors. Close on time Wigan again got into their stride, and Wilcox cleverly out-manceuvr- ing Brown, scored under the posts. The kick at goal ended in the ball striking the upright and rebounding into play. The final score read as follows :—Wigan, nine points ; Latchford Rangers, four poials.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

COMBINATION.

For the benefit of. Percy M'Hardy, fifteon years secre- tary of the Newton Club, Mr. Lionel Pilkington kicked off for Newton, and following midfield roperations the home team attacked strongly. Half-time :—Newton 1, Oswestry 1. Final :—Oswostry, 3, Newton 2.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

EA.IILESTOWN V. WIGAN 1.-mil:D.—Played at Earles- t own. Both teams were fully represented. Ea rl estown won the toss, and Magnall started in the presence cf 500 spectators, a strong wind blowing across the ground. score,final,.Earlestown 2, Wigan nil.

NORTHERN RUGBY LE AGUE FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points For agst Sep. 6 Swinton away 0 12 13 Brighouse Rangers 20 St Helens ......., away 18 5 27 Runcorn Oct 4 Batley 11 Salford 18 Halifax 25 Leigh Nov. 1 Hull 8 Oldham 15 Broughton Rangers sway"' 0 0 22 Kingston Boyers C 9 Hamlet Dec 6 Wigan home Po‘t poned 13 Widnes away 5 0 20 Bradford home 0 10 25 (Christmas Day) Leigh away 2 3 a Huddersfield :903

3 Swinton 10 Brighoute hangers 17 St r-re!ens .. home postponed 'd4 Runcorn 31 Batley Feb. 7 Salfcrd born, 2 11 14 Cup lie St. Helens ...... away 3 6 21 cup 'lie 24 Shrove Tuegday 28 Hull Lome Mar. 7 Oldham 14 Broughton Ringers 21 Ringston Rovers .. home 28 Hunelet Apr.. 4, Wigan , away

10 (Good Friday) Halifax home 11 Widnes home 13 Master Monday) ~. 18 Bradford . away 2 Huddersfield •• home

I; UN COR N. FIXTURF.S AND :-:•CC:".ES.

Points 1902 For agst Sep 1 Hunslet home 15 5 6 Widnes 13 Bradford

20 Huddersfield hc•nie 8 0

27 'Warrington Oct 4 Briglipuse Rangers 11 bt Helens 18 Swinton. I7ov 1 Salford 8 Halifax 15 Leigh 22 Hull

29 Oldham Dec 6 Broughton Hangers 13 Hull K Rovers home 21 0 20 Hunslet 26 Batley 27 Wigan away 3 2 1903

Jan 3 Widnes 10 Bradford 17 Hud ierefield 24 Warrington home 18 0

„ 31 Brighouse Hangers away 3 8 Feb 4 Huddersfield 7 St Helens 14 Cup Tie. Widne3 24 Swinton 28 Salford Mar 7 Halifax 14 Leigh 21 Hull away 23 Oldham home Apr 4 Broug ton Ranger... away 11 Hull Kingston Rovers 13 Batley home 18 Huns let away

25 Wigan

The Bold Burglary.

At Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday, William Glover (49), painter, pleaded guilty to burglary at Bold, on the sth inst., and stealing clothing and other pro- perty belonging to James Warburton. Prisoner was discovered in the house by Mr. Warburton, and after a struggle was detained for the police. There were several previous convictions against him, one of six years' penal servitude for housebreaking. He was now sentenced to three years' penal servitude.

In the organism of msn as in that of all the highest animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion of the structure are supplied by the Moo 1. If the blood is diseased the body is diseased " Clarke's World famed Blood Mixture" is a guaranteed epee for Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever dis- covered and will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula,Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effeo4s are marvellous. Trousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere at 23 9d per Bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 7. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in ether sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 yeexs. In boxes 4a. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendora through- the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Compan- Lincx3ln.

FLOBILINE i—ro TUC IXETH AND BREATfI.--TD0r0,1033" eleaßses the teeth from all pasesites or Impurities, harden the gum% previ.nts tartar, stops decay. and gives to tilt teetka iseeniter pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?a. ad. for the I;quid. or is. per jar or the Florilins "Powder." of ail Chemists and Perfuraers.— Atidat

VALttstiaz: Dts3OVEHY FOB THE rfaia,--di your hair tiirning grfq OT white Or isahrig Off Ude the MB-moan HAM llghwavon, l'ne It will positively restore, In every eaae, oroy or white hair to ita original colour. It mslies the hair charmingly heatititnt, as we Iso promoting the growth. Price 3a esi per hottle.—Adst• To hlsoTeitiont.—Mrs. Wins loves Soothing Syrup has been used hir over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect GUMMI. it will relieve the roorsat"hirer immediately. It Is pleasant to taste ; and proctuoesnaoural ordet swop, oy relieving the child from pain and the Vitra, utierrib awakes "as Wight as a button." • Of all Chemista is lid per bottle. Advt.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUATION BILL

causes much discussion, but everybody is agreed that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are the most effectual remedy:for Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Sciatica, Dropsy. Kidney Disease, etc. Money returned if not satisfied, is. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Clecklitou, eaYorks•

===== 0002601_19030220_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
AND 3,

Mailchester Si.

LIVERPOOL.

Have just received their first delivery ot Spiny Goods, Scotch, Irish and West of lakel Tweeds.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
30/-

TO MEASURE

Post Card will bring you patterns and self- measurement form.

7.0b0 yards of Tweed and Cashinere Trouser- logs,

7/6

TO ORDER.

We guarantee satisfae• non no matter where

you reside.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Us

Pe

Old and Tired Eyea Made Young Again.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0145.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AI

===== 0002601_19030220_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
4,L 541*7 reSk 9 ‘l4 ;1' WATCHES

AND

===== 0002601_19030220_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
EENG*GENIENT RINGS;.

:E BEST VALUE AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES. 05

,

Ladies' Presentation Watch and Chain, • In Case complete, £7 . 10s. Brilliant & Rubies, Rubies Brilliantr, £l. 12s. Silver English Levers, London Made, from Ll;3 .10S. £2 .14s. VrATCH'Es und .TEWELT,EBy SENT PITEE ot our ri.k. to :01 parts of the World for P. 0.0., payable G.P.O. OLD WATCHAS and JEW :...ILERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE

BENSON'S BOOR of Watches from £2 to ;EMI griociice. CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, BRLCELETS. " IMPERIAL " and SILVER PLAT 3 and CUTLERY, &C. Sent Post Free.

J a `: E S 0 N 3 ,ren „ 11,^11 'ilaviiieg Ream Factory, 62 g HILL, LONDON,. NztTE.—Order Form and fun particulars of "The Times" system oi• purchF44o Post Free.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULD-INC-S. Bnglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildiig a Speciality. Largest S•csls Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN &OK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and eularge4 to il.gee, JUST PUBLISHFO. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application.

MORELL, 17 arid 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BCCIDMSBURY, woo, W.C.

Warehouses : 11. 12 and,l3, Seal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telezraphie Address : —'• ittbbitry, London."

W 0 ri?l-2 GUA B BOX.

Tyi , (--......:-.7*61") .." g...C--.k2-47.--.'! -..,....;:: ~..:4,..w7 -,.• • ,g,',l„..i.Pfresit,s, 1t,...„,▪ ..____. _.,....,, 7,—;,4 e 0,......61--.A. .3....„, ..„._, ~ , AT' il. r • ~„_t4l,- _to 11....--. _ 4.17--, -,.. -4 `...'• fr 44:4: ' .-Gfj,.• Sapphires a; Bnilliants, 1 ~----= -- :iA,:, Rubies or Sapphire 2 j. • '- = -. -•-; .7,1. ..7--.- ;my- ~,, . ..-24 ''',frii,i7 0 ..." _,4". 'l'' El 5. : qa,., :- ---.-..-wz------__=l,llA- ..., ~ --,, ,-.8:. • --0.4.---------,-.,..--_-_--. :—..-- ..... 4,7,....., sp. ) , rI ofilw 2;' ,• ,343,12.1 • ';•1` -P ..,,,,,. . ,------_-,TrZ7-7 -_- - - ,-,y** '',4 14 'I ,r 4 . c ,-,,..--.• i ;11., • ....„.„, ~. ~/# b , Brillisnts ..4; Rubies, , ; '''; o:4' 'r, Ai - ) \,, :.7 ~..'' Brilliants, ifl ',-;4- Il 1 7. 14:' ;;'''',l,4)`,4;.'d• ,:il ';'•'.4P- s 4 ~:i ' 4 'Y , I:,* ('4, 1 I,ll+ --i;:r1-,. li/' *f., t,‘" i Iks 4/ /4A '• Ti ', #--40..ix..'75,.. ..-, :....I. 5.., _ .„..;e_ 'llii f;24---' ' ;". -1,.r,r.,, •.% \_,. , , .1..F1N ..,... .skr-t '4,,Ze.41••• -.,.. ;-, ' - 10.F.-1.470.N., s ..t:,V., 11,,t, —A, ~,,t. !- 4-.1. •••••••••• • Brilliants Sc Snpi3hires, i; ;VI, " , ...Y----- . '‘,‘ ,>•.•,,...• 1---..._F--. •V'...,. ' & Brilliant* E 6 . 15s. ',,,? , - ; -;-,..,,,, • ~ .j.t44 7:--,• .., ~,-..-„,•,,,,..- _ - ,7 A.,,!„... 44g,t,' ~,.1„' , ''1;1,; i ;.,Sloki's7 7;•-•%:*.a—N''-.,'Y,4-',.'-,,e. ' ,;‘'T.s.''' '4-..-----i.---,r„4-PAN-AN , .. , ~.'' . liitgOl7) l''': A:. -. ,'7,"k::,..-14ctii',3-.44----'.;;4e," .--_,•.,....._- i;-: --..4i.7-4, ~:‘,4tat.sz.ksli, i l'it'.' ''', ,- —4 - . r'N -!:: •-,-.o.ir„e„; .-4..;.;. '.,,t.‘"L. ,E „,,, :-.1. ..,,-- tr--..„... - • :t. v "-.:4---7,,. 0 '7,- • Briuisnt, .#, .3' •-'l:.' -,.4.-., .%'. -"" ~. FOOl Pearls & Turquoisf E 4 . 10s. ~1.,-,..);..%. ,‘,...,. ~. ,-..,:- --A3l"'il"'. `l., - -N.4-64',,- -A.UriVig.,i„:"...4',4,lq •'''' ''''''' ''.'Y' ~ '.1.1:,;:-.-.1?;* The .!

===== 0002601_19030220_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
ki.1,471.)r..,2A, ,5,....,5..„,•....s • ii..m., ,t,,,. , .0., , c gi „.......,.. ;‘, . vit,,,,:y-9 ~ „•-:,...„ liv. V 4.4,1? . ~-.,:;::1-, 'P:AVI"e'• l'. ' .444 -‘•?: :?.. A i., , eta i /-414 t 4. , t?,5,,, ' .s, 'ft 40—. , • .'i'',, i i

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & tiERYOUS DISORDERS, Slok Hoadache, Conotpation, WEnd,

U.leyak Stoma.cii7 impaired Dsggstiens

Disordered Liver di, Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, Tnomis lir.r.ciTAm, St. Helens, Lanceilire, in boxes, Is. 11d. (56 pills) arid 2s. Od. each, with full divactions. Sold everywhere.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO FQUA L THEM! I

flolinley terrace. Dronfield, Nr. October 23rd. 1902. Dear Sir —I am sending you my testimonial for your Pills I think .hey .re the finest things in the world and have received great beLefit from taking them. I have also recom- mended them to ail i'ny friend,, who have teen greatly relieved by them. I shall zontinue to take your Pills when necessary. and wiil recommeni them whenem I can. I have tried szveral others, bat have not found any to equal. yfure.

Your truly, JAM 116 BROWES.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are pnfeetly Gate in their notion, eliminate all irjuriou matter, and are highly re.itoiativ-. Bold everywhere in Dott!es, Is. It& and 2s. 9d.„ or sent post frre for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE RAMC, 232, Goswelt-road, London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
Is 14,12?: yA.,O G' AJT

L. X 1/

GOUT, RHEUMATISM. :CIATICA, LUMBAGO°. The excruciating Pain isquickly relieved. trure. Sale. effective. All Chemists and stores at is. lid. end 2s. 9d.

" ' '

===== 0002601_19030220_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROODS. COMPOUND RENAL PILL

Are juefftriqrStreect all over the world es the most sate and speedy remedy for Pains in the afek, Gravel. Lumbago Gout, Rneumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Madder. Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, 'WALTER DR ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is, lid. an 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or poet free from Proprietor Belford House. Holford-scuere, London. W.O.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
. v., .

SAM N. GREEN,

:IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEA;,-::iz,

THE SPOT SHOP, FISH MARKET, WARRINQTON. :FOR2U3RFUL ARTIOLI3 FOR XMAS.

FOR BEST VALUB IN EVERYTHING. GO TO

SAN( N. GREEN'S.

GY MNASTIC A PPA.RATUS. WRITS 'Oa

LATEST ILLUSTEffEtICATALOGUE TO H. HUNT AND SON,

89, WINDSOR STREET, LIVERPOOL, GYMNASIA MIND THOUGI-Iwr

UmBRELLa I UMBRELLAS_ I!

_ LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE BO I PRESENT LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKIsO SI.BRELLAS AND HU FISRADBS RECOV i.P.D pr HAL AN soon )m3l 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY AND OPPL)S'Ir E CONSTANTINE's BATHS OXFORD-sTaE;-_IT,

MANCHESTER.

THE TIME TO FURNISH.

RAY AND MILIIS'

CLEARANCB SAL,

Tkils Day.

.NLL FUNNITUIM

REDUUJIDIN emu&

ALL FLuOu cuVtRINGS

RELJUCED IN PhICE.

rRHEY CARPETS,

GREAT BABMAIINS.

ALL YOtttitiN 0 tRPETS,

GREAT .BARtiAiNS.I

W INTR IL CURTAINS,

RICAT

CURTAIN MATERIAL:3,6

EDUCED 'lO LOW PRICIB.

A LL LAUIt LUivlell4S

AT ItItDUCLD

BEDSTE Abb LEDDN6

AT REDUCED PRICES.

GREAT BAIIGaIISB IN

HANIIsOmS BsuitOOM Su 1.1:60.

Er &KY A J.'tIUJ4I iiBDUCEu

IN PRICE, TIIII6 DAY,

AT RAY AND BiILEW

CLEARANUN

THIS DAY TO YAWN 14. INCLUSIVE.

RAY & bII6ES, 34 TO 48, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

YOU CAN EAT ANYTHING YOU IF YOU I.IICII

MILLER'S DYSPEPSIA

TABLETS,

(ONE AFTER EACH MEAL.) BE SURE YOU GET A BOX AND HAND THEM ROUND THE TABLE.

PER BOX FROM

I-T. Ali LLER,

CHESIITiT,

77 BRIDGE ‘,STREET,

-WARRINGTON.

73, BUTTERMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

A FEW DOORS PAST "TIIE WAGGON AND HORSFS INN." THIS ESTABLISHMP NT In OPEN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 o'cLocic FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVEEPOOL. MANCHESTEI AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SJ ORTING CHRONICLES, &C. ALL OTHRIt NI•WSPAPER PERIODICALS, MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in the Warrington Country Poste District can be supplied ty the first early post with any o the above Newspapers by sending their oilers to the above address.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BUSINEPS IS ENDER THE MANAGEMENT OF

JOHN ALLEN,

LATE OF CHADWICK'S. SCOTLAND-ROAD.

PAPER ANL) BAGS, GROCEttS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS. TWINES, STATIONERY.

S. WEAVER,

3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, A-x-r V V ALTON " BICYCLE £lO 10g.

THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROMB.S.A. FITTING.

AN Y TYRES.

W. H. IRELm sz Co

WALTON CYCLE WORKS,

GRRAT SANKEY, NRUI WARRINGTON.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUN DBE 1710. SUM INSURED ExcxEns V60,000.00C.

For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere Son Bridge-at Messrs. Wooc's Son, Commercial Chambers 55, liorsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Volley, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street

===== 0002601_19030220_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDnTS OF ALL KINDS,

_ lIMPLOYRRS' LIABILITY. ACCIDRNT & DISBASII Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid. Diphtheria Jo. BURGLARY & Fl DBLITY INSUILANCH RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO.

Est abhshel 1849. —LAIMS PAID £4.500,000 64, CORNHILL.LONDO A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented districts' AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gat, , Mr. W.H. RlGBEY.Nessaliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchfor i St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street }lay dock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows rndbach ........ ...... ......Mr. .J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge ti cri ..Ir. 3. HOLLAND WATSON,MoorfId House

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must inall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication in, be written i on one side only of the paper and sent n, f possible,not later than Thursday. _ _

Correspondents lire strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstances undertake to return the manuscripts which are not used.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Investigation Society.

Sir,—l have been requested to publicly express my views with regard to the proposals for altering the con- stitution of this society. I am, and have always been strongly opposed to any change, but as the names of some of my principal supporters were mentioned among the patrons of a proposed new society, I did not wishto press my petsOnal views. I now find that all my best supporters prefer matters to continne as at present, and I have definitely decided to be guided by their Wishes.

I understand that it was stated at one of the meetings that I warmly welcomed a proposed paid Investigator. I have never altered my opinion that a paid officer is entirely unnecessary, but in deference to the strongly expressed views of others, I agreed to waive my objec- tion, and after consulting with my principal supporters, Ihave decided that I will find some one to 'in restigate any outside case at a charge of 2/6 per case. I propose to continue the work of the Society with- out a committee, as experience has proved that a com- mittee either becomes merely formal, or owing to the routine and delay which it necessarily causes, it hampers the usefulness of the Society. . _

The Society will be nnder control of the president and officers, the accounts will be duly audited, and the assistance of voluntary workers will always be welcomed. _

I should like to take this opportunity of tendering my warmest thanks to the subscribers, for the great support they have been to the Society, and for their great kindness to me,—Yours faithfully. B. A. HARRISON. 6, Woodbine Terrace, Latchford, 19th, February 1903.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Rugby Football Club.

Sir,—After their spasmodic performance of Satur- day last against St. Helens I venture to think it's high time for something to be said and done to again raise the prestige of the club to its once high standard of excellence. It has been a general cry all round of the weakness of our forwards this season, but unfortunately nothing has been done to remedy this defect. Matches innumerable I may say have been lost simply because the front rank have been beaten from possession, and the backs have been compelled to act on the defence for fully three parts of the genie. lam sure it is more than galling to the man behind, for we all know that if the forwards could get possession our backs are as capable as any playing in the Northern Union. I dare say when my remarks are scanned over by the officials of the club they will say to one another "Oh let him come and try his hand to procure players." My own personal opinion on the matter is this. Players can be got if the club officials will pay for them. I can point to several clubs (Wigan for instance) who are constantly signing on good play- ers and surely why should this not be done at Warring- ton. The club I am given to understand is hi a firm financial position and surely would it not be a far better investment to get a few good men thanput their annual profit in some corporation stock. I have just been informed that the club have sent a deputation down south in the hope of securing some players. What on earth good will this do? We have played the princi- pal match of the season and as we all well know we lost. Oh what splendid strategy of the officials! I begin to wonder why their services were not solicited for commanding positions as leaders in the late Trans- vaal war. I think I have now said enough on the management of the club and I hope my remarks will for the beirefit of the supporters help to awaken the officials out of their perilous position which they now occupy. If lam not trespassing too much on your valuable paper, I should like to touch upon a point with regard to the works com Petitions. If there are to be any more of these competitions I might suggest that the committee when drawing up a set of rules specify very clearly points that cannot be turned by the various teams to their mutual benefit. The best suggestion I should say would be for each club to send in a list of players by a certain date and the committee to run over each one most carefully and strike out all players that are not qualified. This method would save any more unpleasant protests such as we had last year. These few lines I have penned out of personal disgust and I hope that time will bring the long wished for improvement. navi DISGUSTED SUPPORTER. Mr. A. H. Crosfield and Mr. Joynson- -0,44 Hicks. Sir,—You printed last week a letter in which I made some attempt to defend the view which I have taken of the origin of the South African war and the merits of Mr. Chamberlain's policy from the criticisms which Mr. Joynson-Hicks was pleased to make upon me in a recent speech. I propose in this letter to examine with some care the rival theory of history which Mr.Joynson- Hicks has himself put forward. Mr. Joynson-Hicks' historical method is to fix his attention on a single in- cident which occurred twenty-two years ago in the tangled relations between Briton and Boer, while he resolutely closes his eyes to all that went before the affair at Majuba or followed after. The story of our dealings with the Boers began in fact a century ago. Our first contact was not exactly happy. We so mismanaged the [emancipation of the slaves of the Colony that we drove the pioneers who founded the late Republics to quit our dominions very much in the spirit which animated the children of Israel when they escaped from Pharoah. They settled in Natal, than a desolate wilderness, only to be driven out at the bayonet's point. A Conservative ministry annexed their settlement in, the Free State, only to restore its independence later. Another Conservative Government annexed the Trans- vaal in 1877, apparently under the impression that the Boers would welcome British rule,and that first mistake it aggravated by declining year after year to fulfil its promise of immediate self-government. All this hap- pened before Majuba, as the Raid happened afterwards. The aged President Kruger had played his part as a boy in the great exodus from the Cape, witnessed as a lad the annexation of Natal, opposed in his prime the first annexation of the Transvaal, and quashed in his old age Dr. Jameson's abortive attempt to seize the Re- public. Had there been no Majuba, here were memories enough to foster suspicions and kindle hates. History may begin for Mr. Joynson-Hicks in 1881. The Boers unluckily had longer memories, and their annals warned them against a party in this country which had never ceased to covet their country and threaten their independ- ence. When Mr. Chamberlain met their concessions with menaces in the summer of 1899, and Lord Milner retorted on their most "promising" reforms (the word is the Colonial Secretary's) with a demand for "extreme measures," they had some excuse for supposing that these statesmen were about to repeat the 1877 policy of grab and the premature raid of Mr. Rhodes.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME NEGLECTED FACTS.

But let us come to closer terms with Mr. Joynson- Hicks' charge of "cowardice" against Mr. Gladstone for his action in restoring the independence of the Transvaal after the affair of Majuba—a policy of which, as Mr. Parker has reminded us, the Duke of Devonshire (then Lord Hartington) and Mr. Chamberlain were the mostleloquent advocates. Mr. Joynson-Hicks' researches into the history of this period have not been exactly extensive and it may be well to remind him of two facts. In the first place the real responsibility for the errors of this period lay with Sir hartle Frere who reported, as our agent on the spot, that the Boers would welcome annexation. The Boers in fact protested, at first peaceably by petitions and deputations. Sir Bartle Frere retorted that the protests came only from a small minority, that there was no real feeling or sincerity behind them, and that the mass of the people acquiesced in our rule. Mr. Gladstone accepted the statements as Mr. Disraeli had accepted them. He was undeceived when the Boers rose in arms, and with absolute unani- mity proved how genuine and passionate was their attachment to liberty. Then too late to avoid bloodshed, Mr. Gladstone realised that his whole policy had been founded on a grave misunderstanding. He realised too that to enforce the annexation of the Transvaal meant something more than the perpetuation of a mistake by coercion. It meant the alienation of the Cape Dutch and a quarrel with the Free State. There was a risk of a rising in the Cape Colony, while the Free Staters were growing ominously restive. Mr. Gladstone then resolved to make terms with the Trans- vaal Boers in order to save South Africa from thepiti- able consequences of a racial war. That decision was taken before Majuba. Was Mr. Gladstone to reverse his policy because a few British soldiers had been worsted in a skirmish so trivial that it would have passed almost unnoticed had it occurred during the late war? Mr. Joynson-Hicks answers "yes," and stigma- tises the hesitation of a statesman who shrank from light- ing the flames of a civil war as an act of " cowardice."

===== 0002601_19030220_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
A MODERN PARALLEL.

It would be interesting to test the sincerity of this view by enquiring what view Mr. Joynson-Hicks took of a rather similar transaction in which Lord Salisbury was involved. It happened no further back than 1895. We were then engaged in a rather sordid dispute with Venezuela for the possession of certain gold-fields. We were in the right asa subsequentiobitration proved,and had nothing whatever to fear from the investigation of our claims. Venezuela pressed us to arbitrate,but Lord Salisbury stubbornly refused, and declared his intention to seize the disputed territory and to vindicate our right to it by war. Suddenly the United States inter- vened. Mr. Cleveland addressed a most menacing message to Congress. He threatened Lord Salisbury in the most unambiguous language, and gave him to under- stand that a war with Venezuelawould also be a war with the United States. Lord Salisbury, the Duke of Devonshire and Mr. Chamberlain acted precisely as Mr. Gladstone, Lord Bartington and Mr. Chamberlain had done in 1881. They de-

===== 0002601_19030220_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, February 20, 1903.

cided that a war with the United States, which could by any means be averted, would be a crime. They ac- cepted the suggestion of arbitration which they had previously refused to entertain. It was not what Disraeli would.have called "a spirited foreign policy." Lord Salisbury was willing enough to fight little Vene- zuela; he shrank from fighting the United States. I wonder whether Mr. Joynson-Hicks calls him a "coward" on that account. And yet a man who blames Mr. Gladstone's conduct in 1881 ought also to censure Lord Salisbury's conduct in 1895. The scruples which Mr. Joynson-Hicks presumably approved when Lord Salisbury gave way to them were the same scruples which influenced Mr. Gladstone in 1881. There is no reason to suppose that either statesman was influenced by any doubt about the result of an appeal to arms. Our navy greatly outnambers the fleet of the United States, and in .1881 our military superiority over the 'Boers was more obvious than in 1899. In both cases, however, a victory would have cost us dear,b3r embitter- ing relations which ought to be cordial.

the country would be safe in the hands of a Liberal Minister. Ido not notice however, that they them- selves feel any great confidence in Mr. Brodrick's management of the Army. The "Times "has attacked his whole scheme of army reform persistently and stoutly. Mr. Winston Churchill has ridiculed the whole pretentious fabric, and I notice that even Mr. Marshall Hall, whose strong point is not originality or independ- ence, gently applauds the Member for Oldham's cam- paign. The truth is that Mr. Brodrick's imitation of German models ignores our real needs and is at once costly and inefficient. We are not a Continental Power and do not need a Continental Army. An Army which consists, as our experience in 1900 proved —to a very large extent of underfed and immature lads whom we dare not send abroad even when we most need them, clearly does not meet our needs. On the other hand, Mr. Brodrick had neglected the Volunteers and depleted the Reserves, and he demands so many millions for the Army that the needs of the Navy run great risk of neglect. To care for the Navy first is the guiding principal of Liberal policy in questions of defence ; to develop the volunteers it regards as our duty since we wish to avoid conscription and to obtain competent and educated officers for the Army it regards as more important than to add to the swollen numbers. of raw recruits.

Turning to general foreign policy, is Mr. Joynson- Hicks quite sure that the country really has such con- fidence in Lord Lansdowne? His chief exploits so far have been to congratulate Abdul-Hamid on his Jubilee and to conclude our precious Venezuelan alliance with Germany. I commend the "Spectator's" criticism in Saturday's issue on that fine sample of muddle to Mr. Joynson-Hicks' attention, but in truth he must be strangely deaf to political opinion if he has not heard from his own Tory friends the dissatisfaction and contempt they are expressing on all hands for this played-out Government. Does he not realise that the nation would be thankful at this moment to exchange Lord Lansdowne for Lord Rosebery, by far the ablest Foreign Minister we have now, as everyone knows. A Li befal Government would enjoy more influence abroad, simply because it would make fewer enemies. It would not include a member who in turn insults each one of our neighbours, compares Russia to the devil, threatens to teach France manners and bandies abuse with the German Chancellor. The problem of foreign policy, as Mr. Balfour put it at Liverpool the other day, is really the problem of attaining a nation's legiti- mate ends through the agency of the European Concert. It will not be claimed for Mr. Chan.ber- lain that he has added the number of our friends in that concert. His boast indeed is that he has made enemies of all the world. A Liberal Government would enjoy this advantage over a Jingo Ministry, that it would not aim at exciting animosities and kindling prejudices, nor would it be hampered by the suspicion and dislike of every democracy in Europe. To foster the navy and the volunteers, to respect the self-governing traditions of our great Colonies, to pur- sue abroad a policy, firer, 'indeed, but tolerant and unaggressive—these are Liberal traditions, and they are also the traditions which have made the Empire strong, loyal and free. THE RIGHT OF FREE SPEECH.

With Mi.-.--:374-11-s-on- =flicks I need not deal further. His evident determination to support the foreign policy and foreign wars of any Ministry in power, whether its work is good, bad or indifferent is enough to put him out of court, and it would be interesting to hear what North Manchester thinks of that political position. Mr. Joynson-Hicks is one of those who would have condemned Burke, Fox and Chatham as traitors because they denounced the American wax. The Joynson-Hicks's of that day lost us the American Colonies. Mr. Joynson-Hicks would doubtless have dealt out the same measure to Bright and Cobden who opposed our disastrous and futile Crimean war. And yet Lord Salisburyhas admitted that in that war we "put our money on the wrong horse." For my part I believe that the day will come when the nation will honour the courage and the foresight of Mr. Morley as it honours the memory of Burke and of Bright. But—and this is the second time I venture to ask, yes and to press, the question--are we sever to be wise ti// a century or half a century after the event? The doctrine that no patriot will ever in his day oppose any war,lowever disastrous, howeverunnecessary,place a iremendous and most dangerous power in the hands.; of any interest which may choose to exploit the docility of such indiscriminating patriotism (?) for its private ends. It is not the least ominous sign of the times that the opinions of such pre-eminent men as John Morley, Professor Bryce and Herbert Spencer have been con- demned not merely as erroneous but as something dis- graceful and unpatriotic. Sir Henry Campbell-Banner- man's courageous protest against farm burning was receivedat the time as something almost treasonable. Who rejoices to-day, when the heat of the fray is over, that we made those two ,Republics scarcely better than a wilderness? Sir H. Campbell-tannerman used language no stronger than the late Field-Marshal Sir Neville Chamberlain employed, and that great soldier's bra ve and powerful letters lam sure are not forgotten. No One quite dared to accuse him,the gallant veteran, covered with medals and scars, the very em- bodiment of the old gallant English traditions, of any lack of patriotism. They suppressed his protests silently. If Mr. Joynson-Hicks cares to accuse Herbert Spencer of folly and Sir Neville Chamberlain of treason, lam content to stand humbly in the same pillory. I cannot trespass further ,on your space this week, but with your kind indulgence may take another oppor- iunity to deal with some aspects of the South African situation of special and peculiar interest to the working classes.—Yours London, February 17th, 1903.

A. H. CROSFIELD.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RESULTS OF THE WAR,

The results of the war .from which Mr. Gladstonc, I shrank in 1881 are now before us, and it is only by clos- ing our eyes that we can congratulate ourselves upon the result. Mr. Chamberlain has himself compared the political condition which the war has brought about at the Cape to "comic opera." The Colony is in a condi- tion which differs little from civil war. The two races are divided by "suspicions" which even his eloquent speeches—and an energy and zeal we all admire—will not remove. On the one hand the English colonists are still clamouring for the suspension of the constitution, a remedy which could only occur to man who had given way to absolute despair. The Dutch, on the other hand, cherish so deep a resentment against:their English neigh- bours for their administration of martial law, that they are in many places organising an elaborate system of boycotting. Between the two races social intercourse is entirely suspended, and Dutchmen even decline to purchase goods in English shops. The Free State, which was before the war a prosperous community, orderly, well-governed and attached to its ample liberties is now in a deplorable condition, torn by . civil dissensions and racial hates. Mr. Chamberlain left it with the threat of General de Wet ringing in his ears to raise a" rebellion" against us, not an armed rebellion to be sure, but a revolt of protest and agitation. How poor the prospect of appeasement in the Transvaal is my be gauged from the fact that Generals Botha and Delarey have just refused to accept seats in the Legis- lative Council, because they have no confidence what- ever in Lord Milner'sadministration. Indeed he seems to possess the confidence only of one section of the popu- lation—the alien capitalists, the Beits, the Echsteins and the Albus, who lisp their patriotism in broken English. The professional and the middle classes are in revolt against his autocratic government, and the Johannesburg " Tribune " a labour paper con- ducted by men who fought as volunteers in the war, has regretfully registered its opinion that the working classes were better off under Mr. Kruger, who ,at all events forbade Sunday labour, and was on the I point of passing a Miners' Eight Hours Bill when the war broke out. As for the natives, their wages have fallen almost ,50 per cent., and their fate will be forced labour, unless indeed the mine-owners succeed in importing Chinese coolies, who will rob blacks and whites alike of their employment. The war in short has set race against race, class against classs. The capital- ists who financed the Jameson Raid alone stand to profit from the anarchy. It is true the Union Jack floats above the hatred and the misery, the devastation and disloyalty. But the Empire is not the stronger for the inclusion of this chaos within its borders. It would have been better for us could we have had the Boers to-day as friendly neighbours instead of dis- affected subjects. M. Gladstone foresaw these consequences when he declined to enter on a war of races in 1881. Mr. Chamberlain imprudently belittled them in 1899. We have all of us followed his South African tour with our best wishes and every Liberal in Warrington will endorse what our President Mr. Parker, has said on this subject. Liberals showed no petty party-spirit when they bade him God-speed, and Mr. Morley and Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman vied with Lord Rosebery in a generous and sincere ex- pression of good-will. Mr. Chamberlain has done what in him lay, and faced a tangled situation with admirable courage. But it is not in the power of one man, how- ever brave and energetic, to undo the reckless work of three years of provocation and desolation.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR AS HANDICAP.

If this war had done nothing worse than create for us problems in South Africa more menacing and difficult than any which lay before usat its outbreak,we should have cause enough to deplore the diplomacy which forced us into it. But its results will influence our home politics for a generation. The last session of Parliament did two notable things. It imposed a duty on corn and thereby took a great stride backwards to- wards protection. It also passed an Education Act. .1 was much impressed with. the defence which Mr. Mar- shall Hall gave of this measure at.the recent Unionist Demonstration in Warrington. " The onlyal ternative," he said, "was to buy up the Voluntary Schools. He would like to have seen them bought up, but who was to find the millions? The Government was over- burdened with taxation." In plain words, then the war has cost us so much, that we cannot afford to adopt the best solution of the educational problem. No ques- tion is so vital to our progress, or so essential if we are to maintain our industrial supremacy. But the war has so tied our hands that we must needs adopt what even Mr. Marshall Hall regards as a second-best solu- tion. Weare like a merchant who went to law when he might have arbitrated, and then discovered that he had spent on lawyer's bills the money that should have sent his sons to college. It would have cost no more than 15 millions at an outside estimate to buy up the Volun- tary Schools. But then we have spent 250 on our war. At every turn we shall find ourselves confronted with the same difficulty. There is a chance to-day of settling for ever the Irish Land Question by buying out the landlords, whose exactions have made that unhappy country the poorest and most disloyal province in the Empire. But again the financial question stares us in the face. We can none too well afford the generous treatment of Ireland in this matter, which is neverthe- less an absolute duty. We have entered on a period of depressed trade. With the unemployed all around us, the demand for old-age pensions is once more stirring the working-classes. But where is the money to come from? This beneficent measure was possible enough in 1895, when Mr. Chamberlain won a general election upon it. Instead of taking steps to realise his social programme however, he has spent in lyddite fumes the millions which would have assured a comfortable old age to the veterans of industry. WHAT IS A LITTLE ENGLANDER?

_ Mr. Joynson-Hicks is pleased to dub me aLittle Englander, on what evidence Ido not know. He means by that charge, so far as I can discover, that I care rather more than he appears to do, for the prosperity of I England and the welfare of its inhabitants. If to hold that the wealth we have squandered in a mischievous adventure at the other end of the earth would have been better spent in strengthening the hcart of Empire be Little Englandism the accusation does not distress me. Three-fourths of the white population of the Empire still reside in these islandsond he who would make the Empire great will achieve more by social reform in little England than by raids and wars in dis- tant Continents. The greatest Empire in the end will not be the Empire which inehides in its borders the greatest possible number of torrid deserts and tropical swamps. It will be the Empire whose citizens enjoy the most widely diffused comfort and the most efficient education. Patriotism, if Mr. Joynson-Hicks will believe me, has more to do with the housing of the working-classes and the improvement of elementary schools, than with the avenging of some sorry skirmish two-and-twenty years ago. We may feel some astonish- ment and even some shame when we find that Germany and America, France and Holland, poor Norway and little Switzerland have defeated us in the race for I popular education. SANE IMPERIALISM.

I profess myself a sane Imperialist. I am proud of the wealth and the power of the Empire and I am proud of its freedom. It is because I value before all else the liberties which it has carried into so many parts of the globe, that I doubt the wisdom of subjugating a white race which for many a long year we may have to govern on autocratic lines and evemwe bya costly and threatening display of over- whelming force. Mr. Joynson-Hicks confounds this view with Little Englandism. He never made a greater mistake than in bringing such a charge against a War- ringtonian. Warrington is about the very last place to produce Little Englanders. No town in the world of its size sends so remarkable a range of manufactures to all parts of the globe. Ever since I went to business I have been engaged in the export business of one of our local firms who do this trade in foreign markets. Does Mr. Joynson-Hicks think it likely that after so many years of this schooling one could possibly undervalue the importance of national power and prestige in its re- lation to and its protection of our vast commerce—that soramerce which the life-blood of our whole oountry ; bnt even the trade of our own day and of the future, vitally important as it is, is not everything. There are other conditions which prompt our loyalty to what Lord Rosebery has well termed the larger patriotism ;* kinship and pride of race and honourable traditions. -Yes, we grant all this and grant this as a whole, but do not let us confuse prestige and its counterfeit, the Imperialism and the spurious coin, of which so much has been put in circulation the last eight years both in this country and in South Africa. Will anyone contend that the events which have revealed themselves there in the history of these later years have added either to our prestige or moral weight and authority in the world? The loyalty and patriotism of our Colonies have indeed been proved to us, but did any of us doubt them? On the other hand, our finances are very seriously disorganised .and I do not no- tice that our neighbours are inspired wfth a very deep respect for the foresight of our statesmen or the capa- city of our War Office. To belong to a powerful State is of the first importance by a trader; to belong to a State which happens to be governed by a passion for reckless methods, violent self-assertion and the widest extravagance is, on the contrary, a most serious handicap. Our "sort of war " in Venezuela, for example,has made us so unpopular in that unlucky republic that our mer- chants have to face the probability that a great deal of their business will now pass to American firms. It is the policy of Tory orators at this moment to persuade the country that neither the defence nor the prestige of

===== 0002601_19030220_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRITKGTON.

Knocked Down by a Tramcar. A woman named Ellen Kaife, aged 30 years, of no fixed abode, was knocked down bv a tramcar in Liver- pool-road on Sunday might. Her head was severely injured and she was conveyed to the Infirmary in an unconscions condition. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER the CLOCK.—Advt. Resignation of the Rev. E. W. Lummis.

A fortnight ago we annomiced that the Rev. E. W. Lummis, M.A., -had declined an invitation to take charge of an important Unitarian Chapel hi Leicester. The invitation came from the congregation of the Great Meeting House, and on the receipt of Mr, Lummis's decision, a deputation was appointed to wait upon him and ask him to reconsider his decision. After, careful re-consideration Mr. Lummis has de- cided to accept the offer and on Sunday last he placed his resignation in the hands of Mr. Davies, the secretary of the Cairo-street congregation. At a meeting of the committee held subsequently the letter wasiread and a resolution passed acknowledging the services of Mr. Lummis, and regretfully accepting his resignation. It was decided to release Mr. Lummis from his duties at Cairo-street by the end of March, and the rev, gentleman will, by that time, have com- pleted a two years' pastorate at Cairo-street. At Leicester he will succeed the Rev. H. Gow, 8.A., who has accepted a*pastorate in London.

MONEY WELL SPENT if you buy ALP TAYLOR'S good Boots, 45, Horseniaricet-st.,Warrington.—Advt. Marriage of Miss Shillock.

The marriage of Mr. Peter McFarlane, a well-known Glasgow tradesman, and. Miss Mary Jane Shilleock, eldest daughter of Mr. Joseph Shilkook, licencee. of the White Hart Hotel, Sankey-street, Warrington, took place quietly in Glasgow last week. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a travel- ling costume of grey cloth with hat to match and carried a bouquet of tulips and lilies of the valley. Her cousin, who acted as bridesmaid, wore a dress of green cloth, trimmed with white silk. The presents included a cheque from Mr. Shillcock, a silver cruet from Mrs. Shillcock, photo frame from Miss Victoria Shillcock and Mr Reginald Shillcock, silver salt cellars and spoons from Mr. C. S. Hatton ; brush and crumb tray, Miss M. Maddock ; brush and crumb tray, Mr. and Mrs. Forsyth, Glasgow; silver tea and coffee service, Mr. Peters, Glasgow ; case of cutlery, Mr. and Mrs. A. Forsyth, Glasgow; toast rack and a cruet, Miss McFarlane; set of dish covers, Miss Harbron ; Mr. T. Waters, Edinburgh, trinket set; Mr. and Mrs. Massey (Warrington), a biscuit barrel; Mr. Caldwell, a copper kettle'; Mr. C. Wells, a cheque; Miss Chalk and Mr. C. Jackal, a set of trays; Mr. and Mrs. C. McFarlane, a dinner set; Miss Shilleock (Carlisle), a set of china; Mrs. Watkins, silver jam spoons and sugar sifter; the maids from the White Hart Hotel, a csit celery class, cheese dish and tea pot. Compensation for The Loss of an Eye. _ At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, be- fore his Holton. Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C. Mr. T. S. Steel made an application on behalf of William Kettle, 44, Laira-street, for an order against Messrs. Francis Morton and Company, Ltd., engineers and contractors, Garston, for the payment of 15s. per week during applicant's incapacity owing to injuries received.—Mr. Steel explained that on April 22nd last the applicant was in the employ of the respondent company as a boiler maker, when a steel chipping flew into his eye and injured it. He was incapacitated for several months and application was made for compensation under the Workmen's Compensation Act, the respondents Consenting to pay 15s. per week. In August last applicant was able to resume his employment and the agreement as to com- pensation was suspended without prejudice to any further claim which might be made. In November his eye became worse, and applicant had to leave work and undergo an operation, the eye being extracted. He now applied for the revival of the original agree- ment to the payment of 15s. per week-, and respondents had filled a notice agreeing to this. He asked his Honour to make the formal award.-:--His Honour granted the order with costs.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASAI\TIT PAPLAGRAPES;

THE luck of the fool is proverbial, 'eat you never hear a lucky man speak of it. HE: "I'd leave my happy home for you." She: "That would be foolish; I'd ten times rather you furnished one and took me to it." "Do you think her hair is all real?" "Why, of course. A girl with her means would never buy any other kind." Dims: "Yes, Oker has left everything he had to the parish." Dabbs : "What was it he left, then ? " Dibbs : "Five children." "THE newspaper says that if you hold your breath you can got to sleep." "You hold yours and let's see how it works. "YES, Bobby, all these beautiful silk dresses of mine come from a poor little insignificant worm 1" "Yes, mamma," and papa is the worm, isn't he?" SHE: "Don't you think it is better to marry for love than for money ? " He: "Certainly, if the contracting parties are both wealthy." HE: "I point out your faults because I love you." She: " Nonsense ! If you really loved me you would think my faults were excellences." IN THE NEAR FUTURE.—First Doctor: "Good radiograph, isn't it?" Second Doctor: "Fairly good; flatters the left lung a little, I think. " WHo was the scientist who made the dis- covery that baldness is a sign of intellect?" "I don't know his name. All I know is that he was bald." CALLER: "Doesn't it worry you to think of your daughter hundreds of miles out on the ocean? Practical Old Lady: "Bless me, no 1 She can swim." THE FAIR SITTER: "Won't you please idealise me a trifle, Mr. Dauber ? " The Great Artist:

"Yes, I'll fix you up so your own mother won't know you." Miss Rion: "I have grave doubts about the count's reputed wealth." Miss 'Wise: " Why ? " Miss Rich: "He has offered to have my diamonds reset." "I am willing to do anything," said the appli- cant for work. "All right," said the hard-hearted merchant. "Please close the door behind you when you go out." MOTHER : "I'm surprised at you! Couldn't you tell that he was going to kiss you?" Daugh- ter: "Oh, yes; but there was nobody to tell except him, and he knew already-" "WHAT makes you think that he is insane ? " said one attorney to another, who were discussing their client in a heart-to-heart talk. "Why, the idiot actually wanted to plead guilty." "PAPA," said Willie, " why did you ouy a golf coat ?" "To play golf in, my son." "Did you need it ? " "Of course I did." "Then I want a top-coat to play tops in. I seen 'em advertised." ON THE CONTRARY. —Vane Glory: "I hope Swainston said nothing about me the other night, old chap ? " Cecil Swarve "Not a word, old man; in fact, we had quite an interesting little chat." THE MASCULINE TEST. Cholly : "Oh. yes; young-Getthar is rich and received in good society, but it is plain to see he is not to the manner born." May : "How is that ? " Cholly : "He can't manage to get into a hansom without hitting his silk hat." AN .UNFORTUNATE REMARK. He: "I never approved of dressing gowns, my dear. Can't you come down to breakfast in something else?" She: "Certainly, darling ! It will cost about twenty pounds." LIVING HlGH.—Aunt Outland (at Italian res- taurant, awed): "Ain't this grand, Joseph ? " Outland (impressively) : "Yes ; just think of bein' a millionaire, an' havin' a half-crown dinner with wine like this everyday !" "WHAT'S the matter with Emma lately? Almost every time I see her she is, or just .has been, bathed in tears." "I don't know, unless the doctor has recommended salt baths." "Jour has five oranges, James gave him eleven, and he gives Peter seven, how many has he left?" Before this problem the class recoiled. "Please, sir," said a young lad, "we always does our sums in apples." Jr does not always do to agree with one's friends. The other day a friend was telling me of some silly thing he had done, and said: "You know what an ass I am?" All innocently, I answered: "Yes." He refused to continue his story any further. • " Now we can be happy," said Jack, "for at last,we are one." "Yes, but please tell me which one," she replied. For she was of a practical turn of mind, and was always anxious to settle minor details at once. " PAPA, can't I go down to the baths and learn to swim ? " "No, my daughter. If you are really bent on acquiring an accomplishment by which you might some time save my life, you can stay at home and learn to cook." AN Irishman was one day observing to a friend that he had an excellent telescope. "Do you see yonder church ? " said he. "Although it is scarcely discernible with the naked eye, when I look at it through my telescope, it brings it so close I can hear the organ playing." FAIR ENOUGH.—Disgusted and Umbrellaless Citizen: "What ,the deuce did you mean by pre- dicting fair weather for to-day ?" Weather Prophet: " Well, it's as fair for one as it is for the other, isn't it ? " "YOU will excuse me, friends," the orator at thopolitital meeting apologised, "if I remove my coat It-is very warm and I haven't a dry thread on me." "The thread of your argument is dry enough." " DinN'T you shoot anything at all, John?" " Yes ' • I got a fine bag of game, but it was stolen from me on the railway." "Well, never mind, John; you've brought home a brand-new story'!" ASSISTANT: "Here are more despatches about that battle in the east." Editor: "What do they say?" Assistant: It appears that both sides were greatly outnumbered but each defeated the enemy with severe loss." "You have looked upon my face for the last time," he resolutely declared as he put on his hat. "What are you going todo?" she cried, in alarm. "Grow a beard," was the response. A CORRESPONDENT tells of the loss of a steamer through the carelessness of the captain, who stood upon the pilot-house. A rock appeared ahead; in trepidation he rang two bells, one to "go ahead" and one to "go astern." The engineer obeyed both bells, and the boat parted in the middle. WHILE a certain Highland regiment was pro- ceeding to South Africa, an officer asked a sergeant if he had seen the sergeant-major. "Yes, sir," replied the sergeant, who had been brought up in the Highlands, "he's doon in the blunt end o the ship." TIIE GENUINE ARTICLE.—OId Lady: "Is this a genuine alligator bag?" Dealer: " Yes', ma'am. I shot that alligator myself." Old Lady : "It looks rather soiled." Dealer: "That's where he hit the ground when he tumbled off the tree, ma'am." COLINTLY MINISTER TO BOY FISHING "What will your father say, little boy, when he discovers that you have been fishing on Sunday ? ' Boy— "I dunuo, sir ; it depends on how many fisla ketch." Doc Tort "'What you need is change and rest." Patient ; " I can't attord it. My income's pretty well requisitioned already. My child-fen get all the change, and my wife gets the rest. SMITH (angrily): " I understand you said my face would atop a. motor-car." ,Tones: "I certainly never said any thing of the kind." Smith : "Then I must have been inkinformed." Jones : "That's what you have. Instead of stopping at the sight of your face, any reputable motor-car would increase its stmed." " WHAT are you staring at, Nellie ?" " Oh, please, ma'am, with your hair like that and your diamonda, you do look so like Lady Plantagenet Gingham that I was own maid to. Are you any relation, ma'am ? " "No—at least, no near rela- tion. But you can have that pink silk shirt-waist of mine, Nellie. TIIE STATISTICIAN AGAIN: "What are you doing?" asked the inquisitive man. "I'm work- ing on an interesting problem," replied the man who has a passion for figures. . "London has 25,000 barbers, and I am endeavouring to find out whether the groans they bring from their victims at a given time would, if they could all be put into one, produce a roar as loud as the.: of Niagara or not."

Whilst the Queen's Bays were going through some evolutions at Aldershot on Wednesday, Trooper Hays' charger bolted and eventually unseated its rider. Hays was unable to get one foot clear of the stirrup, and he was hurled against some iron railings, meeting an instantaneous death.

NO APPETITE? NO APPETITE? NO APPETITE? NO APPETITE? NO APPETITE?

Try some Keen's Mustard.' with your meat. It will give It a flavour and piquancy which are quite irresistible— But be sure it Is

NO APPETITE ? KEEN'S D.S.F. MUZTARD,"

===== 0002601_19030220_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREEN DRAGON LICENCE.

TM Co-operative Hall, Winwick-street, was the scene on Friday of a meeting of protest against the recent transfer of the licence of the Green Dragon Inn, Bridge- street to the " Brooklands," Lovely-lane. pir. C. HALEY presided at the outset over an attend-, mice of about 100 persons. He was accompanied on the platform by the Rev. J. F. Matthews, Rev. Herbert Dunnico, Councillor James Evans, Councillor T.Barton, Councillor W. Brough, Mr. T. Dale,Mr. S. B. Stringer and Mr. Griffiths.

• The CHAIRMAN explained that the absence of Mr. C. E. Parker who had been announced to preside, was due to the fact that he had to attend another meeting. LErrERs OF APOLOGY.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. JOHN YONGE AND ThE ACTION

OF THE BENCH. Several letters of apology for non-attendance were read :

The Rev. JOHN YONGEwrote:-Jf Dear Mr. Haley. As I told you on Wednesday, it is more than doubtful whether I can get to the meeting. I have not yet solved the problem of being in several places at one and the same time, and my duties to-night leave me no choice as to where I must of necessity be. I am afraid it is rather late in the day now to make any very effective "protest" about this Green Dragon business. But the decision of the magistrates affords a striking object lesson of the evil of ' a law which allows an obnoxious business to be forced upon a neigh- bourhood which has declared itself against its introduc- tion. What moral right can a bench of magistrates have to sanction such a procedure against the expressed wish and resolute opposition of the people most imme- diately concerned? None whatever! It is simply monstrous, and absolutely wicked. Further, what moral right have magistrates who are members of the Town Council—which body has promoted this business in order to make a good bar- gain with the brewers interested—to sit on the Bench and adjudicate on their own case? lam doubt- ful whether they have even legal right to do so, and should have thought that at least their doing so should have been strongly disputed. If they have such legal right, the law needs changing. They certainly have no moral right, and they should, from the mere sense of decency, have abstained from any such procedure. hope it will be made clear to them that a very largeand responsible section of their fellow townsmen absolutely condemn their action. We have tome in this town to a pretty pass! A wealthy brewing firm can get its way, if only it Will persist long enough. But a less wealthy firm may ask in vain ! Alas for Justices' justice ! My regret in this matter is very great indeed, and the opponents of this transfer of the Green Dragon have my entire sympathy. The- only thing I like is the name of the new hotel. Nothing better describes a public-house than the term "Green Dragon." But all the dragons should be cast out from civilized, not to say Christianized Society." Rev. R. WlLKixs REES, of BeW•sey House. wrote : "I greatly fear that it will be wholly impossible for me to attend your meeting to-night at the Co-oporative Hall. I have to preside at a very important Committee Medting of all the managers of the Wesleyan Day Schools in Warring- ton and neighbourhood, and I have no hope at present of being able to get away in time for your meeting. If I can come.' will. I sincerely hope you will have a well attended and most successful gathering and that the people will express in no uncertain fashion their condemnation of the extraordinary and wholly un- warrantable action of the Warrington magistrates in regard to the transfer of the Green Dragon licence to Lovely-lane."

iNfiS; BESSIE DUTTON wrote :—"I am extremely sorry to be absent from the protest meeting to-night, but I feel it an absolute necessity to raise nryvoice (on paper) and that of my association—the British Women's Tem- perance Association—against the granting of the licence of the Green Dragon. It was, I am sure, with the utmost surprise and real dismay that the majority of the Warrington people heard that they had magistrates who could and would disregard the wishes of their co- citizens inn given neighbourhood as to the planting of a licensed house in their midst even though those wishes were vehemently expressed, and had been almost pathetic in their persistency and unanimity. May your meeting have success in its object aid make its own legitimate impression." At a later stage of the proceedings Mr. Parker arrived and presided over the meeting. FORMER WHITECROSS REPRESENTATIVES

/ INLY 5d.! 100 Foreign Stamps, well mixed; 250, 1l n. NJ free.—B. ARscoTT, Bdgell, Crediton.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITICISED

Mr. HALEY commented upon the transfer and con- tended that the licences surrendered were of very little value. This feature of the question had aroused great indignation—that the Brewery Company even to-day were keeping alive a large number of licences for the express purpose of bargaining with the magistrates to secure better premises. Mr. Haley also strongly criti- cised the action of members of the sub-committee of the Corporation which dealt with the licence, who he stated were present on the Bench and helped to decide the application in favour of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Company. He contended that if the owner of the Brooklands bad presented the property to the ward for the purpose of a public recreation ground it would have been an action of common justice and gratitude for the great services rendered to him by the people of Whitecross Ward in persistently returning him to the Town Council unop- posed and placing him in the position he occupied to-day.. The speaker went on to allnde to the action of members of the Council who; he said, had posed as reformers. He referred to Alderman Shaw Green,who, he said, had over and over again expressed himself publicly in the town as being the friend of all that was good and righteous. Where had he been in connec- tion with this matter ? His face had never once been seen on the Bench when the application was considered He would refer to another person upon whom they had a great claim in Whitecross Ward—who had been sent to the Town Council for more than fifteen years as represehative of the Whitecross Ward and formerly of the North-west Ward. He referred to Mr. Henry Roberts. Over and over again he had been sent to the Council; they had championed his cause; and fought his battles and stood by him to a man. They had a right to expect from him sohie help and support in the matter. But where had he been? On every occasion he had been absent from the Court and they had not had the influence of his vote. When the whole thing was over and they had no power to appeal at Quarter Sessions, Mr. Henry Roberts anpeared at the Brewster Sessions. It was a great shame that people whom they had stood for and placed upon the pinnacle of fame and honour should turn their backs upon them and leave them in that hour of need. (Applause.) THE FIRST RESOLUTION.

The Rev.J. F. MATTHEWS 5 oved the following resolu ti on :—" That this meeting strongly condemns the action of the magistrates in granting the transfer of the Green. Dragon licence to Lovely-lane in direct opposition to the strongly expressed opinions and wishes of the in- habitants of the neighbourhood, and notwithstanding the repeated declaration in court of the Chief Constable that in his judgment no such licence was at all necessary. The meeting is of opinion that the magistrates, having no additional evidence to that tendered on two previous applications within the last three months,had no ground on whict: now to grant this transfer other than the pro- posal of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., to forego two other licences in the borough, a proposal which public opinion deems hardly good enough to warrant the granting of this new licence in the teeth of such absolutely pronounced opposition on the part of those most immediately concerned."—The rev, gentleman characterised the action of Mr. Monks as " inconsistent and distinctly un-Christian," and the conduct of the magistrates as " Godless, reckless, and even fiendish." In ignoring the wishes of the people of the neighbour- hood ; in disregarding the statement of the Chief Con- stable that the licence was not required; and in altering their previous decisions on the matter, the magistrates deserved the execration and contempt of all fair and noble minded citizens. (Applause). The Rev. H. DtmNtco seconded. He contended that by granting the transfer and enabling Messrs. Greenall to over-ride the wishes of the people, the magistrates were over-riding every principle of justice and liberty which they were sent on the Bench to protect and enforce. (Applause.) Messrs. Greenall would rue the day when they agitated for the transfer. The fight had commenced, and he knew who was going to win'. He, for one, was going to fight the brewers to the bitter end and they would see whether the brewers could over-mle them in the way they had done. (Applause). Mr. C. E. PARKER, who • had now taken the chair, said he made no profession of being a teetotaler but he did make a profession of being loyal to the great principle of allowing people in any locality to say whether they wanted a public-house or not. The existence of a public-house caused discomfort, a reducing of the value of property and other .inconveniencies against which the com- munity had a right to. protest. When the people of a district had by a practically unanimous expression of opinion declared that they did not want a public-house, the magistrates-had no moral right to thrust that public- house upon the people. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously. THE SECOND RESOLUTION.

Connelllor ;TAMES EVANS then moved the following resolution :—"That this meeting further records its protest against the action of the • Corporation in this matter, and the appearance in court of the Deputy Town Clerk in support of the application." He pointed out that the Corporation as a whole had not been re- sponsible for the action taken by the officials and the ultimate success of the application. He was satisfied that if the Council had had an opportunity of voting on the matter they would have decided against the appear- ance of officials to support the application by a large majority. He maintained that when the Green Dragon licence had served its purpose it should have been allowed to die. (Applause)ll3l ' Councillor BARTON, in seconding the resolution, said he inquired of the Town Clerk upon whose authority' he made the statement before the Bench that the Cor- poration supported the applications, and he replied the old Property Purchasing Committee." It had caused grief to the residents in the Lovely-lane neigh- bourhood that they were to have this public-house thrust in their midst. Some of the residents had gone

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER SC CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them At the same _place, and also at The Examiner Office, Victoria-road, WIDNES, 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN,in the County of Lancashire,and also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the County of Ches• hire, FEBRUARY 20TH, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
VVOOD LETTERS FOR SHOP FRONTS. List ft ee.— T. MARTIN & CO, 16 Ironmonger-row. Lciadon.

===== 0002601_19030220_art0167.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19030220_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
13 0L D STREET WESLEYA.N CHURCH wAPRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY 22ND. At 10.30 Mr. W. LIGHT. At 630 Rev. G. H. CARNSON. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

ANTARRINGFON CLIURCH SOCIE2Y, SPECIAL ADDRESS TO MEN ONLY on Friday next, Feb- tuarY 27th, at 8 min in the Parish Church by the REV. CANON KNOX-LITTLE, ON "MANLINESS," All Seats free. Service one hour only. Working men sPecially invited. . - - GOLBORNE-Mt EKT, BAPTIST CHURCH WARM NGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). FEBRUARY 15TH. RbV. HER E-ERT DUNNICO MORNING 10.45. EVENING 6.30. "THE INCARNATION ; on HOW GOD BECAME MAN." ALL SEATS FREE. coral? EARLY. Mr DUNNICO will preach on Wednesday at 8.15

ST. MARY'S, LATCHFORD. ANNUAL DANCE. WILL BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL, MONDAY. FEBRUARY 23/tD, 1903. TICKETS: EINGLE. 2s; DOUBLE, LADY AND GENTLEMAN, 3s 6d.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR UNION. THE ANNUAL CONVENTION WILL aE HELD ON SATURDAY, FEB. 28TH, 1903, AT 3 AND 6 P.M. IN WYCLIFFE MEMORIAL BUILDINGS, EDGEWORTH-STREET, oFF BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOOTS PURE DRUG COMPANY LTD. Fret erence Shares. BOOTS ZASH CHEMISTS (EASTERN) LTD. 6 per Cent Preference Shares, 5 per Cent Second Preference Shares Ordinary Shares (at the rate of 12 per Cent per Annum). BOnTS CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN) LTD. 6 per Cent Preference Shares, POOIS CASH CHEMISTS (LANCASHIRE) LTD. 6 per Cent Preference Shares. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS (SOUTHERN) LTD. 6 per Cent Preference Shares. Dividend Warrants for the usual quarterly Dividends on the above Shares will be nested on the 31st March to the ' proprietors registered in the Companies books on the let March. The Transfer books will be closed from the let March to the '7th March inclusive. Registered Offices—Station treet, Nottingham. City Offices—a Farringdon Road. London, C.E. JESSE BOOT, MANAGING DIRECTOR.

lv\TA R DEPAETNIENT CONTRACTS FOR WORKS, REPAIRS, AND MATERIALS. TENDERS ARE REQUIRED for the TRIENNIAL CON- TRACIS. from Ist APRIL. 19)3, in the following SUB-DII- - in the NORTH-WESTERN ENGINEER DIS- TRIcp LIVERPOOL: R. E. Office, Rupert-lane Barracks, Liverpool. BIRMINGHAM: „ Great Brook-et Barracks, Birmingham. Forms of 'fender, Coaditions of Contract, Schedule of Prices, and all necessary information may be obtained on application at tne above•named Royal Engineer Offices, by letter addressed to the Commanding Royal Engineer, er In Person between the hours of 11 and 3 o'clock (Saturdays 1 P•ra.), up to 4th March, 1903. Tenders are to be delivered to the Director of Army Con- tracts, War Office, Pall Mall, London, S.W., by 12 delock noon. on the 13th March, 1903. W. F. H. STAFFORD Lient-rolonel, Commanding Royal Engineer, North-Western District. Royal Engineer Office, Watergate House, Chester, February, 1903.

FOE/ FINEST QUALITY PROVISIONS AT POPULAR PRICES TRY JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SA IKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

- _ T. iLARKE, STA.T;ONEA AND NA WSA.GENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, ' Fon _33. MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, laoofjp, `A-001.) GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY OTHER"' XIIRSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND saFUL ARTICLES, go to the above address. Wt" AGENT FOR THK —,,LEyAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THE FMCS IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Se. 6d. AND NO MORN FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET', wARRINGTON. EvFRY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 2s 6D. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 219. 6, MARKET STREET (ovEa IkIYNEICYNE'B),

FOR GROWING CHILDREN AND ADULTS OF WEAK CONSTITUTION, a sound, strengthening food is required. One that will build up the system and induce an appetite for other foods. COD LIVER OIL EMULSION IS JUST SUCH A FOOD. It is a highly nutritiv and palatable mixture of various ingredients with the finest Norwegian Cod Liver Oil, and is so prepared that the unpleasant taste of Cod Liver Oil is prac- tically eliminated. CHILDREN LIKE IT. READ THE FOLLOWING: "MESSRS. BOuTS CASH CHEMIST "June. 1902. "Gentlemen,--I have much pleasure in testifying to the benefits which my child has derived from Cod Liver Oil Emulsion. Up to the age of four months he was a delicate and puny child The doctors ordered him Cod Liver Oil Emulsion, so I started by giving him itandby the time be hae. taken the second bottle we noticed a great improvement in him, so I con- tinued Riving it with such success that I can honestly say he is one of the finest children in the town. He is just fifteen months old, and during teething he is no trouble whatever I have recommended Emulsion to a great many of my friends and they all say that they will Rive it a fair trial. "This is an unsolicited testimonial, and you are at liberty to make what use you like of it, and baby's photo as well." COD LIVER OIL EMULSION HELPS TO FORM BONE, MUSCLE, AND SINEW, STRENGTHENS THE: SYSTEM. 4/6 Bottle2for 1/8, 2/3 Bottle for 1/- AT ALL BRANCHES OF BOWS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST BEST AND CHEAPEST rtEmir. CHEMISTS IN THE WORLD. LOCAL ADDRESSES: 126, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. 5, BRIDGE STREET, ) • TwLEPHONU No 120.

ALLAN Li N M.— I 0 CAN AIM, UN IT ED STATES, RIVER PLATB, AND INDIA. 9AILI %GS FROM LIVIIR POOL. 'Ott, tlp: OF BOMBAY Kar4chi direct Feb. 16 NutNOS AYRBAN Ha ifax and Philadelpbia Feb. 17 Hib`IIDIAN Halifax and St John N B Feb. 19 7171',.aRNIAN Monte Video & Bueros Ayres Feb. 24 n"ISIAN H•ilifax & St John 19 8........ Feb 26. ti„,',CRAN RATEB—To Carnida, Saloon from £lO. Second 2.7 --",1. £7 ICs. ' • Third Class £5 1' s. To India, £37 10s .and 4. 10a. bill carticubirs apply to ALLAN OFfacEB.lo3,Leadenhall ofrt'et, London. 8.C.. and 19, James-street, Liverpool.

10BACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS.. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-81103ST, MANCHKSTS R Icitablisbed 69 Years JOHN W ALKER EXAMINER OFFICE. PRINTERS & B ,OSBINDERS. ELEPRONE N. 355 Y. LEDGERS, CASH BOOKS, JOURNALS, DAY BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, INVCICEs. STATEMENTS. Scc.,

JOHN ENISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKES, AND UPHOLSTERERS. Mr. JOHN EMSON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. Parvvrm ADDREASII-19. THYNNE-STRET—C.

011 HT I TO WEAR GLASSES? ALL SUCH QUESTIONS ARE WILLINGLY ANSWERED AND THE SIGHT TESTED FRBR OF CHARGE. Glasses only recommendel where necessary. Call or write for my 10 page Booklet on" Defective sight."—Free of charge. HEILBRON, SIGHT SPECIALIST. EYE TESTING ROOMS FOR SPECTACLES. 841 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.:

TEETH FOR THE NI I LLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Clais ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTE Si A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. DIACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Dootor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLAESES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-ST AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS. 11 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, C HURC 11-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, :29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

TLLIINf INATED ADDRESSKS, DIE-STAMPING Fae-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan titles Ice., copied and lithographed.— BROOKS AND San, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington. VIOLIN.—NEW METHOD by SEVCIK, tutor of Kubelik and /Coeian. For terms spnly Mr. T. BOOTHROYD'S ViorAN, MANDOLIN, ZITHFR, BANJO AND GUITAR STUDIO, 9, SUEZ-S ['REEF, WARRINGTON.

MRS. ARTHUR BOOTH, Soprano Vocalist, receives Pupils for Singing and Pianoforte ; also open for engagements for Concerts, At Homes, Ac.—For terms apply 29, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. Warrington.

MR. EDWARD POWNALL, Bees Vocalist for Oratorios, Concerts, &a., good repertoire.—Address South View, Liverpool-road, Sankey, Warrington. THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- _l_ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years ApplicatAon to be made to the BOROUGH TREOURER, 15tHlieinfil Offices, Warrington.

446 ERG E JACKETS! SERGE JACK MTS ! Every workman should have on of 'HAPITH'S cele- brated 4s. ed. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

MUDIE'S MANCHESTER LIBRARY. CIRCULATING ENGLISH AND FOREIGN BOOKS. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION : THREE MONTHS 75.: SIX MONTHS 125.; TWELVE MONTHS 215., AND UPWARDS. NEW BOOKS RFOEIVED THE DAY OF PUBLICATION. PROSPECTUS of the Library and Catalogue of Second- hand Books on sale. post free on application. 10-12 BARTON ARCADE, MANCHESTER.

HAIR COMBINGS mede up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PORES/6 FRom 3/6 EXCH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECE ST (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

HARCOURT'S PENNYROYAL. STEEL AND TANSY PILLS, THE BEST REMEDY FOR ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES 1/11. 2/9, 4/6, POST FREE 25, OXFORD GARDENS. KENSINGTON, W.

A. AND J. ALAINE, PAN, NBROKICRS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMkTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEIL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD 9.ND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, Ice.. Ac.. always on Sale. We are now offering some special BARIA.INS in DIAMOND JEWELLEKY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac, Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES IIY I'OSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and ILVSR WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. RICHMOND OfREET, LIVERPOOL.

SAM. N. GREEN, IRONMONGER, AMMUNITION DEALER, THE SPOT HOP, FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON. NOBEL'S BALLASTI IE AND EMPIRE CELEBRATED CARTRIDGES. NURSERY FIRE-GUARDS, FARM TOOLS, GARDEN TOOLS, FENCINIT WIRE, WIRE NETTING. VARIETY AND VALUE UNEXCELLED.

G. AND J. WEAVER 88, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS, ANTIQUE FURNITURE DEALERS, ETC., SOUND AND RELIABLE FURNITURE AT REASONABLE PRICES. REMOVAL CONTRACTORS - BY ROAD AND RAIL TO ALL PAU'S OF TOWN AND COUNTRY. WAREHOUSE AND WORKS: FRIARS GREEN. TRLEPHONB No. 357 Y.

S. E, MORRIS & CO WINE AND SPIRIT. MERCHANTS. FINEST QUALITIES KEPT, 43, HORSE M A RKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNPER THE CLOCK

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL PAWNBROKERS, tJEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WA.ICHES. (al ALL THE LEADING MAKEP.S) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old fold and Silver Andques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewetlety. Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at !ow rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ?HAMM MAKBR AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &o. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIrED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND. r They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Aawmia, Debility, Depression. Weakness. and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. boxes 90, Is lid. 25 9d, 45 6d, aud 115, or under cos, ir from the Proprietor 309. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. D. HARGRAVE'S FEMALE PILLS (WORLD FAMED). The safest and best remedy for ANAEMIA, DEBILITY, WEAKNEBs, IRREGULARITY, and all other ailments peculiar to the sex. Invaluable to Women. PRICE 2s. 9D. ONE Box SUFFICIENT FOR CURE. Sole Agent for the United Kingdom— J. ROGER, (Box 2). 3, 3RSKINE ROAD, WALTHAMSTOW. LONDON.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS:, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA, AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. This obi and tried remedy:bas stood :the test of two generations. REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE: the ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS TEE NAME; is. 11D., 2s. 9D., 45. 6D., THE PRICES.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

J. A. MORRIFSON, LATE STARKEY AND MORRISON), SEED _MERCHANT. APPLY FOR CATALOGUE OF VEGETABLE, FLOWER, tz FARM SEEDS, POST FREE ON APPLICATION, GOLDEN SUARE WARRIN GTON.

HOOFING COUGH HOOFING COUGH Mt t"elebrated effectua -.- cure without iwterrigl HOOPING COUGH m7dVri,,„ ,? ---- -ROOFING- CouGa Of all Chemists price 44: per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS L.ale Aw:nts : W. E'DWARDS &SON, L 57, Queall.Victoria CROUP treet, London.

C. SUDLOW'S ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES. GREAT REDUCTIONS. 13, WINWICK-STREET. WARRINGTON

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

HG. DOWLII.iG, .• RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Addresa ; 21, Elleamere-road, Stocktonf-leattl.

RA Y AND 11IILES' GREAT CARPET SALE ONCE A YEAR ONLY. EVERYIHING, WITHOUT RESERVE, REDUCED IN PRICE. The only Legitimate Sale in the Carpet Trade. All Carpets and Floorcloths Made and Laid Free of C RAY and MILES ANNUAL CARPhT SALE THIS DAY and until March 14th. During the Sale the ENTIRE STOCK will be sold at REDUCED PRICES, and, where necessary, "made and laid actually free of cost." The usual charge will be made for Bindings, Rings, and Nails. The Stock, which includes an immense assortment of Axminster, Brussels, Tapestry, Kidderminster. &c., is the ! finest we have ever held ; also the Floorcloth and Linoleum Department leaves nothing to be desired, all tastes and classes being catered for. SALE CONDITIONS.—The conditions of Sale are "Prompt Cash," and delivery must be taken and, when required, laid by March 31st, otherwise our ordinary prizes will be charged. GREAI BARGAINS IN TURKEY CARPETS. SWEEPING INDUCTIONS TO CLEAR. During the Sale all our Turkey and Indian Carpets will be specially reduced. Beautiful colourings, both " ordinary " and " fancy," and the fabric of undoubted durability. The present, affords an exceptional opportunity of purchasing these magnificent goods at prices the lowest in the trade. TURKEY CARPETS. Size. Ordinary Price. Gale Price. Lad Lad lift 2in x Bft Oin 6lO 0 12ft tin x 7ft 10in 619 6 lift ICin x 10ft Oin 7 5 0 ...... 515 0 121 t 61n x Sit ICin 715 0 12ft 51n x lift 3in 8 5 0 141 t 7in x 9ft llin . 13ft llin x 10ft Gin Bl5 0 14ft Sin x 10ft 4in 9lO 0 13ft Sin x lift 9in ....... 915 0 14ft Sin x llft Gin lO 15 0 15ft 2in x lift 2in l2 0 0 13ft 4in x 10ft Sin l3 10 0 15ft 41n x 12ft sin l4 10 0 MIEZAPORE CARPETS. Size. Ordinary Price. Sale Price. Led Lad 12ft 2in x 6ft 2in 91t 3in x 9ft Oin... ....... 4 3 0 121 t 51n X Oft 21n 5 0 0 121 t Gin x 9ft Gin 5lO 0 15ft 51n x Sft 3in 515 0 14ft 3in x 9ft 3in 517 6 14ft tin x Oft 2in 6lO 0 15ft 2in x lift 3in 7lO 0 The above are only a few of the sizes in our stock. ENGLISH AXMINSTER CARPETS.—The best quality, extra heavy-pile and all..wod back, reduced to 55 7d per yard. Made and laid free. VERY SPECIAL.—For the Sale only, 80 Pieces Bngliab Axminster Carpet, reduced to 4s 25. per yard ; we can only I afford to offer them at this price once a year. Also 50 Pieces Axminster Carpet, British make, reduced to 3s 8d per yard. Cheaper than Brussels, and much more effective. M-de and laid free. BRUSSELS CARPETS —The best Five•frame Quality, nothing better on the market at 3s 7d per yard. Other reliable qualities at 3s 25, 21 85 and 2s 3d per yard. These are our ordinary stock, and the prices the lowest qaoted in our annual sales. All laid free. TAPESTRY CARPETs.—Reliable and economical. The best Ten-wire Tapestry. at 2s 3d per yard. Other qualities reduced to 2s, is 9d, Is 7d, Is 45 and Is 2d per yard. Made and laid free. SEAMLESS AXMINSTER CENTRAL CARPETS.—A Manufaccurer's Stock of Top-quality British Axminste Squares, woven in one piece, will be subject to special reductions, all useful sizes, and new goods of guaranteed quality. Also 70 Seamless-corner Axminster and Wilton Carpet Squares, in all sizes, at greatly reduced prices. All laid free. All our Odd Carpets, both piece goods and squares, during the sale will be marked at prices less than the Retrial cost of production. Odd Axminster, odd Brussels, odd Tapestry all at Clearance Prices. BRUSSELS AND TAPRSTRY CENTRAL CARPETS.— Munelreds of these Carpets ready for immediate delivery, in 'all sizes, colourings and designs. Brussels from 35s 6d each, and 'tapestry from 16, 65 each and laid free- FLOOHOLOTH.— Extraordinary value will be offered in Our Floorcloth Department. Weil-season, d cloths at 91d and 103 per square yard. These are made two yards wide, and sold only by the full width. All measured and laid free. FLOORCLOTH.—Best quafties reduced to is 95, 2s, and 2135 per square yard. Thee cloths are made in four and eight yards wide. Measured and laid free. LINOLEUMS: —Printed and plain numerous designs. an immense assortment, reduced to Is P 4-5. is 4d, Is 7d, is 95, Is 10d, 2s 13, 2s 3d, and 2s 65 per yard. Measured and laid free. INLAID LINOLEUMS.—'I he best of all Flaor Coverings where carpets are not desirable. Specially reduced for our sale to 2s 9d, 3s 31, and 3s 101 per yard, and laid free SPECIAL OFFEll..—During the Sale we shall offer a Manufacturer 'a Stock of Fringed Axminster Mats, in two qualities, size 30iri by 12in : at Is 55 and 2s each. These ace exceptional value, all perfect goods, and selection un- limited. All Axminster,Brussels and Tapestry Stair Carpets reduced in price. All Skin Riles and Mats reduced in price. Remnants of Carpet. Floorcloth and Linoleum, all at half - price. Bordered Floorc'oths and Linoleurns for Stair and sages,all reduced, and " laid free." All Sundries, such as Cocoa and China Mattings, Rugs and Mats of every description, stair liods and Eyes, Stair Pads, Hassocks, Carpet Sweepers, Ac., Ac. Everything Reduced in Price, and where necessary " Made and Laid Free of Cost." THIS DAY TO MARCH 14, INCLUSIVE. RAY AND MILES' 34, TO 48, LONDOS-ROAD LIVERPOOL.

B. WADSWORTH'S GRAPHOPHONES AND GRAMOPHONES ARE THE TALK OF THE TOWN. LARGE STOOK OF RECORDS AT LOWEST PRICES. FRESH SUPPLIES ARRIVING ALMOST DAILY. 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE Tbe best and cbeapest ever offered to the Publi3. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Oanistea 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GRDDI3S AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON RSTABLISHRD 1833.

VI )LAN., BOW AND CASES MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. t 1 011 N. BYRON!, PRACTICAL VIOLIN 3ItERR AND REPAIRgIt. Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSIIAW(-STRERT (corner of Benson-etreet), LIVERPOOL.

.• . Better he s-7-7.". than r",o-----A7 4,-„....4., f.,,-,..,.,.g, .:!_, ~1,.... ei 9 ir--"1 'A,. VI. 477 74 ,-,•,;, 7 take ,_ft.‘ ::,. .. .A'" ' , , VIA g 'i'l' ^ , .14' ' : :,,, /;. fy , ' !4.4: i:i ' dij . . •iikro.---4,717ga-r * and ... • ~..., , ~..„„, .2... 41,.:., 7.46"7 IS' T, •ii: is rije .../e I .. :„ ii" ..c,l iis: ,

Do not neglect PILItS, Fiptula may follow. KBUTY'S CURB is the only safe and efl',etual terredy for irmard, out- ward and I,l,eciing Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes th-m to dis.ppear like magic. It is a pee it% e cure for the most acute forms ot Motile Indiges- ti,m. One hottle will ren wince you, trice le. lid. boldby BOOTS and all Chemists. Poi.t.paid trnyr PIITY AND CO.. HALIFAX. Is mondertul water preoter for BOOTS & HAIMESS. Sot- tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow pct.tsh-• log with blacking. GOLD WEAL 22 EXHIBITION HIOHEST AWARDS. * Tins 2d.. 6d., v.. 6. 216 of Boot a r 1134 Makers Saddlers Ironmongers ' .57,e Ma' nniac torvu East 1,, on•,

fryou 14,41,vk _ar 14 'BAD W. 3 With Wounds that disehruge or others.. ø.. surrohndeii with inflaminatinn and shvoller_cl.at when You press your finger on the inlaineit part it leaves th. impression? If so, under the skin you hay:, 1,01,0,i that defies all the remeides l'ou have tried, which. it not tixtracted, you veyer i•an rivover, but gl on :70,6114 fill 4.1.,ath rCl.ia. dO Porlmps your killed lit 54u ollcu, the joinri inr ulo,' rated, the svul, t.ses4llc, round iv tv fix sli,n may be die. I wn-, nutv be wou:ttls, 1):e lea i al.-aseil e,ntinue, will c(prir.-• you of the power r...) vsit. You tier have atten.l,l various hospitals and ban Int VICe and b eeiit old .your ease is hopeletin, ii iii w d to anti:nit to a luyintation: hut uo not, for I. Cl.' VU. ,wn.r, bUt I will. Because others !,q1,411 I should. Sena:3 il3i at OrC:er tor ts. ed. to It. Wl', 71. Fa!Tintri.ion-, roe% Lohoor., anii you will receive it hoz ot Utr,ssnoppet which ne,r.aia ren,,,iy tor 0; iiasetnai•r,. Meemtt.:,l aud . litmious.

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Suppip to Countrp 17)ausions, sotds, arid Public Buildings, U. YXiSTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AN ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULMIS OF OUR P.,,TENT NOISELESS -HATFIE.LD" PUMP, 63, LONG 710.1 TE, W.C. WORKS: GREENWICH, LONDON , S.E.

ANNUAL SALE. WEDD-5-Ncr RINGS, :El WI RINGS. FOR VALIJF, VISIT CHARLES WOLF, WIIOL:-..SILE JEWELLER, Only Address : ro. RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL

• -"' V. - - ' : 1.:1 a, ,-*., -1) ..) , -,,,- ,iril R. BOON ever eon- ., ,1?", • 7 :.*, `,l, '- ,41, !erred to the laundress . - ;;Z:....w.is- . , ~, ~,,,, :or imparting an Ivory , '.14:,), 0,-••'' . .-.::,..1:ij:43., ilnieti to btarotied , .......,„, 7° - l.,,,...,ivr,Li,i:e.nnotL:teiceks A.,:,.,, „Ty, ..,..„ web - Dice materials. - " -‘-•.`' t: : ';',14.1'.14, r: .- ANA • , etc., lc Si% to spider- ', ' ' ti 31 a ' e ..:-.' Once tried always S '''''' ' Used ' - . , a.• ~• i vwauted.in the ' '.- ' ' • ••' - P'6,-.t....: ak, It oy a 1 Laundries. t h :uid be used in houses. so!d by most Starch Sellers ....ii Packets, at 31 and 6d, Prepared , nly ty I r fnITCBLRY Bistekblarn. I 'OIL JJ Ats.V id Lu U: 'lop\ i lills4 6 .MACHINIib WE WILL BE -----:------ I GLAD TO SHOW ' t IVi.`; THEM TO [ ! il :-.. , „.• E •I: '0„1',,! I , N ,_ • tt's = ~ EVERYBODY - ' .... ; PLEASE CALL. .-------"--___:,---l---,-- -----7-----------_-------7-7 -------,----- --- ARCHER & SONS, 5,1... e in, ~ St, CeorY'- C Castle St Liverpool. ores - - ---- ---------

One, Brade only—THE BEST. 1 , • £l2 12 N Q et, or :?,..• •, '-. -..- z, Vf 1,1 ie , 0114 ..., , ‘l:' E .1' . al, i i . kionthly. !P.A.' !qt ! ~., - , I F R Lint Free. PR. Dept. .. . :, - il4 44 .. ,':'• '•u , -..,.., ~...si3v P2'EMIER WORKS, C...".3.T.rcratry. 7.,cr dem Dep4'f, 20, Holborn Vioduct, E.G. ...-reMMAdan.ll..ls,ll-111,WriStillieJWIONNERLIMC ~5.......11...41.13, - - • ~,----, Every ._ ....... \ • • .s interested and shonlk. ''. ' —•-• ` ' ' 7 ' ali riJut the wonde Is• .• 05.... ~.., • ''''..".. t..., .'i• tZ,' , MARVEL WHIRL \ , '..' 4:it? C,.%. .':'_,. SPRAY. „. . . Ask pour Chemist for'- It. If he cannot supplY the lan.ritel accepao other. s 7 //e/ili,:, btkt send stamp for book givtng .iculars and directions 94 //// i 'dies. MARVEL CO.,

. oat. raine1affe:01104020:494,07,91 L&., • , .•1 - • P. 4 4'41 W") -girkl*q ? • / \ d • et-rL .101 r‘'t'— 24.41 a-i • I, s, 11;1/4 ' • 4'. •

ST R E N 80. "It is NOT an Imitation." STRENBO is a Fluid Beef, that not only appeals to the palate, but is highly recommended by the leading Medical Journals, and prescribed by Medical Men, and used in Medical Institutions; as a means by which health is secured and strength restored. Instead of spending money in extravagant advertising, we give the value in STRENBO itself. " Ask for STRENBO, and don't be put oft with other brands.";; "We don't give Pictures." Ta I, had at all Chemists (ma' Grccers

F - isry , ' • s'4, , -f3cOiNiDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! F-Lio 17-,:OLI3LE!

ONDON.—TAY HOTHL. 154 Huston-road Three minutes 1J from King's Cross, St Pancras and Ruston Hallway Stations ; bed and attendance 3s 6d ; private sitting-room 58 6d per thy ; highly recommended.—A 0 RODNEY , Propr.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON z.QUARE. HOME COMEORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABERYST WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, RACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable :Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 24. guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER, P ROPRIETOR.

Cl OOUTHPORT. HAYEs'e. RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

etitiratiOn. FT PHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING ~CHOI)L FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles troin Liverpool. RF:V. D 8 RENNARD. B.A.

VNARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Fyle, Black— pool ; excellent education ; happy home ; sea ani country air.—Princioal, Miss HoGRItSoN

UNI VERS IT Y SOH( /0 L. SOUTH PO UT A MOST SUCCF.24FUL BOARDING SCHIOL Fan BOYS. T. ISHERWOOD, MA. LL.D D.C.L., Principal.

L /IR. FRED PO c)MOR,, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, RECiaIVRS PUPILS on piano and organ. Central room, Reduced terms for Janiors. Open for engagements. —Apply 32, LOVELY•LANE. Warringtoll.

VAIRHAVENGti Fut?. GIRLS near St. Annes-on—Sea Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommonation lligh-cis:B Modern Education. Staff include President B.A Mistress. and nine Certificated Teacher Exams. successes, Principal : Miss M1E.1414 N.

ij ARROGATB.—TRINITY COLLEGE —Head Master, Mr Ii J P HUGHES, assisted by resident University men and visiting mast.rs. Fine situttion. modern appliances, cricket ,nd football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good result iin all!Exarainations. AIR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of IV Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's (Morel). PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificate and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE: Warrington. •

OSERNATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— , Principals Miss Evans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grot Is, hockey, tennis, cycling, gymnasium, great attenticn to music, a.t,`modern languages : resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Loud. NI at rio Cambridge Locals and Assoc: Board, It A M, IL C M. in- clusive terms.

SOUTHPORT MODKRN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICK NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTER—J. C. lINDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R G.S. NEW RESIDENCE for BOARDERE recently opened. THE SOUTHPORT VISITER says: The School is now undeubtedly one of the very best of its class i Southport."

Ipartments, ,furnisbeti R-?attstiz, ttr

BLACKPOOL.—TO LET, Company house. three minutes from station ; sea —Apply, 59. CORONATION STREET. (10LW YN BA.Y.—Visitors will find every comfort and qui-t with good cooking at Wave Crest.—Misses LEVBR. NB, 14 years reference.

rllO BR LET Gienvale, House J. containing six rooms, for six months or more ; present. terms 15s per week. -Address Miss K BAUSE, Gienvale, Heswall. Also eott4ge with 2 beds Liande..gla, Mold.

Obares.

TO BUYERS of GOLD MINING SHARES.—The Great De Kaap (Moodies) Gold Field, Ltd, are goo.l to buy for a certain rise in value. ANIES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND bHAHH BROKERS, Established 1875. 29, RA NBLAGH- TftE HT, LIVERPOOL

SHARES FOR SA.L.R.—Duke Street Benefit Building, In- vestment Buili ing, Girls' Public Day *choot, Nducati on al Trading, Prescot Watch Talacre Mining, Hitchings, Caterer, New Brighton Pier. tit. Helens Trams, Union Credit Bank. George Watklnson Colliery, Runcorn White Lead, Liverpool St, Helens, south Lancashire Railway, North Cheshire Brewery, WANTRD.—Owen Owen, Trafalgar Colliery, Victoria Gold Mining. Union Credit Bank, Blackpool Trams South.—H. PADFIELD, 30, Percy Street, Liverpool.

ftnkcs, Zuointsoo. tit.

fI.ENITINE Business Investment paying 10 per cent. VA Large or small amounts ; particulars —CsmitkoN & Co., Gainsborough. GENUMB Drapery and Mixed BUSINESS for Disposal: fixtures, goodwill : £25 ; stock valuation.-10, NAVIGArION-ROAD, Aitrinehatri.

(FHB DEESIDE CAFE AND CATERERS. Grange Road. I. West Kirby. For sale as a going concern. List of appointments, full particulars, order to view.—H. PADFIELD, 30. Percy-street, Liverpool. ARO Company HOUSR. close to Promena ; central I N ais position ; furniture at low valuation ; 23 beds ; owner retiring.—Apply ALFRED TAYLOR, Auctioneer, Clifton Chambers, West-street, Blackpool. A T VALUATION.—GOOD COMPANY HOUSE, 8. 13 VANCE-ROAD, Bladkpool. Well fitted; good working order; 19 beds; 1 minute's walk from Central Station and sea 18 years connection ; retiring.

LIURNITURB and PIANO BUt-INICSS. new .nd second- -1: hand ; estibllahed 11 veers ; profits £3OO yearly ; ingoing, stock and fixtures £160; outstanding accounts optional.—Firet Instance, Mr CLARENCE, 164, Bedford-road, Rock Ferry, Cheshire.

Manteb. _ WANTED, Grandfather 8-day clock works; also lantern clocks, or any antiques.—B. CROFT, Ilkley. FORBIGN STAMPS Collector will give good price for old collection.—A. WALKER, Moorside, Cockerraouth.

WANTBD YIOAMORB BUTTS, good and clean. Snarl- firmtion aud price to H. SuTcLIFFE, Ford-street, Saw Mills, Salford.

4, AERIE!) LA.DIRS,CORRBSPONDBNT.—Sendstamped LVI address for particulars ,to Mrs. B. WILSON, Bider - grove, Sheffield. _ ILK.—Wanted, a dairy, ablut 12 dozen per day. to start lvl in March money sure.-7. OLDHAM, 2, Jackson- street, Stretford. A GENTS wanted to sell ld Novelty : blg sale Send 2d In stamps for sample and terms.—T. B. Smtvs, bandy- wood, Keighlev.

A (HINTS WANTHD —Peony goods ; three dozen, 1s 6d. J. gross assorted, Ss.—N9VELTY CO. (S.T), Britain- street, Manchester. --- WRiTHES Wanted; copying work; 15s and upwar is earned in spare tinde.—Stamped address to WELDON. 2, Fleet-street, Hull.

VORBIGIN, British and Coionial Stamps Wanted, collec- tions or loose lots ; good prices given.—OußalDGE, Larkspur Terrace, Newcastle-on-Tyne,

QANITARY INSPRCTORS.—If you desire an appointment RS above, send 6 stamps for advice to J. E. WHITEHEAD. Sanitary expert, North-street, Chichester. WRITERS WANTHD, Copying work, 15s and upwards earned in spare time.—bend stamped address to PECIDON. 00 112 Walker-street, Hull.

A GIiNTS wanted to sell first-class I übriaating Oil? ; low 111. prices and good commission; only those with a con- nection need apply.—Write OIL, care ,LEE &iD NIGHTIN- GALE. Liverpoo'.

SOAPBOILER V 4 ANTHD FH OR ROUT AFRICA. Must have thorough knowledge of Household and Blue Mottled Soaps and must be prepared to work as foreman.— Address No. 66, KEITH AND Co., 43, George-st.. Bdlnburgb.

yOUNG LADY RECHIVED on half-fees in high-class girls' school in Liverpool. In consideration of a very little help with younger runnel : exceptional advantages offered.—Address. A.. c/o Miss Davin. Falkner-squve. Liverpool.

F"' BAILIFF.—RE-ENGAGEMENT WANTED to Manage a Home Farm by practical Man ; good manager of sock and labour; *eference from present and past em- ployers.--Apply Groacia MUIRHEAD, Home Farm, Idaer, Newcastle, Staffs,

YV OUR Intended's true Photograph, marriage.—Send age 15 stamps.—P ANDErs,ox, 82 St Paul's-road,Tottenharn QA.LVULO chemically Fireproofs anything. Sample and Li instructions. 6d.—IXAIIKE 8, 103 Peckhim Rye. London rk '0 CURB YOUR COLD try SUTFIRRS' COMPOSITION J. RSSICNCZ.—BottIes is, 10. and 2i. 6.!, from Chemists and Stores.

AMBELL'S FBNIALIC PILLS. Is. ltd., 28, 9d.. 4s. 6d., "..4 post free. Pain wrapper.—From S. OAKES CO., 1, Bond-street, Weymouth.

1 'RAVELLING EURS, Costume Cloths. Sul, ings, Over- /. coatings, Horse Clothing. Patterns stamped envelope. GauvrzitNs. Golcar, Yorkshire.

HARDWARB, Clothing, Furniture, Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue free.— BERRIDGE and Co. (102), Birmingham. S"UNDID PHONOGRAPH, plays and sings AS clear as a £lO instrument, worth Ws take 15e, records is 6d each.— idooltßousE, Brockholes, Huddersfield.

101(1 TEACH/311'S BlBLE.post free for 4s 6d. 3,000 sold 10 giving great satisfaction ; money returned if not approved.—W. J. GIBES, Bromley, Halt,

rrEPT STRAIGHT for 6d.; ask your Bootmaker for a p ir 11 of Eckert's rubber heel tips ; sample 3 pairs, sent for P.O. Is. 6d.—J. J. ECKERT, Stroxl, Kent. _ _ m A LTuLaRe S in! Ae N11'11;1,11'32! 93,,N "tl3l4lCd OS7I, post tt paid cheapest st MARSTON, 330, Belgrave-road, Birmingham. - TrILLED !—OA&Es' Nit Killer Pomade used once kills all IX nits and vermin ; never fails. Large tins, bit poet free, iron. S. T. °Aims, I Bond-street, Weymouth.

CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINti-8, every variety Champion Rangers, Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 100 page List free-31ABBOT'S, Poland-street. Manchester. AjTARRIND LADIIiS I —lnforrnati^n and Advice of Price— INI less Value (Free); send stamped envelnre ; please name paper.--Yrs. LAWRENCE, "St. Rlmo," Egremont, Liverpool. DRARSON'S COMPRTITION.—Success impossible with- out correct pronunciation ; the guide for Welsh Rnd other stations ; is. postal order.—MITCHELL, Publisher Horley, Surrey.

POSTAGR STAMPS Bought. Collections. loose lots, single stamps. Best prices paid. Approval against refer- ences.—PHILATELIST, 35, Overstrand Mansions, Batts raea Park, London.

nn PAIRS of Splendid BLUM. CLOTH TROUSERS, as V used by the Metropolitan Police. Will send one pair pc.st free. 48 6d, any J GASSON, Government Contractor. Rye. FISH.—Choicest assortment and quality. 61bs. 24. ; 91b. 24. 6d. ; 11 lb. 3s. ; 141 b. 38 6d. Carriage paid. Dressed for cooking Prompt delivery. Postal Orders.—A, LevnEa, Pontoon. Grimsby.

CZNMA Psoriasis, and all akin and Blood Disorders.— Mr. H. Sydes. Skin Specialist. will send advice free to any sufferers.—Snclose stamped envelope to Mr. H. SYDES, Flamsteid, Dunstable.

VALUABLE VIOLIN, must sell, marvellous tone, labelled V tradtvarius Cremona. 1690. lock-up case, lovely bow, worth £10; eacralce, 17s. 6d. ; approval.—Hrs. TYLER, En- held Place. Uxbridge.

KENTISH COB NUTa.—Will send on receipt of 21 6d, Bibs. good home grown Cob Nuts, carriage paid ; larger quantities special quotation.—H. R. GARDENME, Cob Nut Grower, Plano!.

WBITING, Book-keeping (Double &thy and Tabulor)- Business Arithrue•Ac.—Lessons by correspondence ; satisfaction guaranteed.—Call or write, Mr Houslos, 75, Chancery-lane, London.

AGOLDEN OPPORTUNITY.-36 shillings' value for 8s 6d. Send Y.O. 8s Bd, and we will send you e.rriage paid, six 6s Library Books, surplus copies.—VALE's LIBRARY evonthire-road, Bexbill-on-sea.

lIULIYIE'S Compound Steel and Pennyroyal Pills for Females are the best. and always give satisfaction ; in boxes, post free, Is lid, 2s 9d ; best boxes, 4s 6d. Established 1860.—HuL.mE, Chemist, Nottingham. WALL-PAPERS FROM Lin, PER ROLL. Any quan- tity, large or small, at Wholesale Frices. Stock exceeds 11.0,000 rolls, all classes. —EANNETT. Campfleld- avenue. Liverpool-road. Manchester.

rIARPETS GIVBN AWAY.—Nlanufacturerb stcck Bordered kJ Brussels, half first cost; 9ft x 9tt 21s, 10ift x 9ft 24a 64, 12ft x Sit 295, 12ft x llift 35a 131 x 121 t 40s, free.—TURNER BROIL. 40, Wilson—street, London, 8.0.

YOUNG AND OLD use James Rapid Needle Threader, adapted to all kinds of Sewing Machines. —Millions in demand. Agents please note. Post 4d. stamp for sample - JAMES. 47 King-stre3t, Wellington, Salop.

HTTING. N HTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Net., Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Net. and Garden Netting of every deseription.Tnomss JOHNSON'S. Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester. UOK 1-4,UuO Pairs New MlbtrAtt,X is t.U.,tiitttS sewn I) very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for 5s 6d per pair; money returned if not approved ot,—H. J GlB6Oll, Government Contractor. live.

2 1 / GENT'S SUI Vto measure. Trousers from 6s. 1:d. 1, - All the newest designs. Cash returned it not ap- proved. Send for patterns and self-measurement forms. BoanicK & Co., iwaffharn•road, Bast Dereham. Norfolk. LIBBER° ~1) LAND. £23 per acre, Wallop. Wanston and 1. Chilboltou ; picturesque and healthy villages in Hants ; plots £lB ; free deeds ; instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulars. Mr. BRAKE. Chilbolton, Stockbridge, Hants.

HORSito LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the market. 451 n. long by 381 n. wide; waterproof on stout navy canvas and weighs ellb. ; I will scud one post free tor 3s ; cash returned if not approved of.--8-1. J. OASsoN, Rye.

NZTHRILITY in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. An Illustrated ..bdition, by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s bd.— London: SHELLEY & Co., LTD, 38, Graeechnrch-street.

4 ARDENlNG,—Chrysanthemurns,lowest prices on record, lj many thousands to choose from ; 25 choicest named varieties. carriage paid, Is, 6d. Put in now, make tine plant next autumn.—BßANs's NURSERIES, Ore Valley, iiasting.

PAPHRHANGING4.—To Decorator 3 and others —Owing to the Death of one of the Partners the *hole of our STOCK MUST BB CLEARND at once. No reasonable offer refused. Come and luspect.—LEWlS t Co, 31, Miller-street, Manchester.

ULMW3 " COMPOUND " SUM, and PIiNNYHOYAL IL PILLS for Percale Neceseities are the beet. and always effective In boxcs pat ee, Is. lid. and 28. 9d.; best boxes, tla. 6a. listaulislied 1860.--kfuLmEs, Chemists, Nottingham.

it) HIMMATISM AND GOUT. A Martyr for years to .IA, Gout and Rheumatism has beer. quite Cured with a most simple Remedy, which be will freely communicate to sufferers on receiving address—Apply CAPTAIN GILLESPIE, 93, Kim Grove-road, Barnes. London, S,W.

KEEP FROM DAMP—White indiarubber waterproof Sheets. 461ns by 421ns, with brass eyelet holes, 26 each ; lit by ilft, 56 ; 6ft by 61t, 5s ; or any size. pric in pro- portion ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approved of.— From H. J. GAssox, Government Contractor, Rye.

A VALUABLE DISCOVERY SUBSCRIBER CURED HIMSELF AFTER fifteen years' suffering from FILES. He offers permanent cure, with a written guarantee to return the money if the cure is not effected in a given time. Stamped address for reply.—D•vin.HlLL, Templastra, Bushmills, Counry Antrim, Ireland.

HEUMATISM.—MI kinds speedily OURRD.—Marve- la, bus discovery, which quickly expels the poitonous Uric Acid from the blood. Perfectly harmless.—write for testimonials, Bauixa GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist 533 Moseley-road, Birmingham. Advice free.

HAMPIIRS, Wiskets, Betting Baskets on sale; special quotations for quantities; clothes baskets, special quality brown; send for sample dozen assorted sizes at extra low prices, carriage paid. 1 not satisfactory please return them to PRANK Macon', Mawcieslev. Ormskirk.

SUPRItFLUOUB HAlR,—Perfeoted Electrolysts (by Mr. Parke's inventions) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destt notion without markings. By appointment only.—Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBKRT J. PARKER. Electrician, Chutch street, Southport. 11DURE COD LIVER OIL, WARRArTED PURE direct A_ from the Manufacturer, in bottles containing pint and half, 25., carriage paid. Special quotations for quantities.— R COLBRIDGE, Cod Liver Oil King, 78, Stanley-street, Grimsby. Established 1884.

PARISIAN Female Pilules, absolutely infallible, speedy- _l safe. Per superior to Steel, Pennyroyal, Aloes Hier, Fiera, and all such remedies. Price with directions. Ps 9d post free ; free from observAtion.—Sole ENGLISH DIsTRIBUT ING DEPOT, Seotchburn, Chemical Laboratory, Drifßeld.Hull

fro BB SOL D.—Farnwortb. near Widnes.—The extensive I_ Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold DOLL with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Ltddress J. HOWL-NG, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

D EU MATISM. RH lIUMATISM. SHED MATISM Magnetic ring cure. A postal order for 10s. 6d. and size of finger will secure a beautifully finished 9 carat ' gold cased ' magnetic ring, lady's or gentleman's, which prevents and cures Rheumatism.—The MAGNETIC RING CO., 23 Disraeli-road, Putney, S.W.

SBED POTATOES.-1 have arranged for a rectular supply through the season of all varieties of Early, Se. ond early, and late crop Seed potatoes of reliable quality, from the bast seed farms in Scotland, Cumberland and Lancashire. and can ddiver to any station In the district at reasonable prices.—Send for list to J. SYKES, seedsman and potato merchant, 1, Liverpool-street, Preston.

24 HYMNS, Music by Miss tdi Rose. Sample booklet containing both notations, post free, 12 stamps.— W. J. GIBBS, Bromley, Kent.

WORTH A GUINN& A PAROIL.-50 latest songs. words and music, post free, Is 6d.—WILLIAMS, 9 Britton Farm-street, New Brompton, Kent.

HEAD and stoma3h Disorders speedily cured by Wilson's Ant'bilious Pills,ls Id box post free.—WiLsox & GIRD- xER,26, Regent-square, London.

V, ISFIT.—Dark grey lounge suit. 36 chest, 34 leg, 225, LY.I worth 50s ; Navy blue suit, 38 chest, 32f leg, unused, 245, worth 558 —Pssr,sort, 52 Cardigan View. Leeds. _ - - T AMES' DAINTY NIATBRIALS for Blouses and Dresses 1.4 new Spring Colourings, 4 yard. Carriage paid Patterns free.—DßEss WAREHOUSE (893) Darlington. W ET HE T'S curious love letter; six very funny photo- )3 graphs ; French novelty; magic card; Is 6d (securely pack. d).—HYAms, 142 Balsa!! Heath-road. Birmingham.

--F)HONGGRA.PH RECORDS o eaned off without shaving, ouffit 18 9d post free. viz , mandril. solution and instructions.—H9LnarE, 111, St. Phillip's-road, Sheffield.

11COVRLTIES OUTDONR,— The Smoker's Surprise Box of J. capital fun. an evenings stmtiePment for Is Id. P.O. or s.amps.—NovELTY COMPANY, 2 Ravenscroft-street, Hackney, road, London.

le' a r er BOUTS.r 10/6 P.ll,:o'rvio';'teMfOt for ell tl °D t rma t%adm u"e ;Cataloguefrom and simple gelf-measurernent torrn.—HA.Rltia'A BESPOICEIBOOT FACTORY, KettPril g.

MONEY IN IT: HARDWARE DEALERS and Hawkers send for 3'/s. Crate Seconds Enamellei ‘Vare ; use- ful Assoretnent ; splendid value.—Cruvrox's, Ernest- street, Birmingham. ADIBS' DRESS LENGTHS 3s. lid, carriage pad. Sno4flakes, Zibelines. Tweeds. Poplins. Armures, Alpacas. Cashmeres. &c., patterns free.—PEARSON'e DRESS WAREHOUSE, Leeds. DENHAWIMAWB.—TO BE SOLD splendidly situated 1. Two Pairs serni-detached freehold Cottages ; rents £lB and £2O per annum ; £6 chief.—Address R.V. "Examiner" Office, Warrington. SPICC IA L OFFER.—ASTROLOGY. changes, important events. marriage partner described, ruling planetAc ; 6 stamps, stamped envelope.—V IIEROHELL, 50, Grainger- street. Eewcastle-on-Tyne. lADIBS' COSTUMES.—Boys' Sultinge, Pure Wool Indigo .1 Serge, 66 inches wide double width, 4s 6d per yard, carriage paid, patterns tree.—WELLsoN & Co., Manufacturers Aire Place Works, Leeds.

je £ £ FOR YOU.—Are yon desirous of considerably Ls inereising your income without labour? Send is for 6 of our new money-making formulas. Can't fail. Full directions given for working.—B., ?2, Haul-rd,peckham.S.R

riOAL MERCHANTS may learn free at a glance the most sure system of Book (eeping for Bagging Prade, nothing quickr, satisfution guaranteed. Testimonials far and near, stamped Envelope —Address T. 8., 'Examiner" Office Wgtn.

INCOME Assured by Selling an Article Absolutely Unique. 'The Marvel Combination positively sells at sight Bs. gross,carriage paid ; sample post free, 3d. stamps —PEDLEY. 19, Lawdon-road, Birmingham. - - DEGONIAS.—Grand tuber., 6 double and 6 single in 6 separate colours, 2... Japanese Lilies, extra large bulbs. Lilium Auraturt, Speciosum Alum, Speciosurn Rubrum, 2 of each, 2s 64 ; Gladiolus. in 6 separate varieties, five of each, 2s 64. All carriage paid.—G. A. BLOOD & Co., 6 Short's Gardens, London, W.O.

DICT" and Cheapest MANURE for Farm and Garden, an B and remedy for fly, slug, &c, Native Guano, price 709. par ton, in bags ; 2 ton icts carriage paid L cwt. bag paid to any station in England for 55.—Write for twenty. seventh year's testimonials. NTiv E a UANO CO., Ltd., 29 New Bridge-street, London. 8.0.

_ k 4 15 Handsome Hardwood SIDEBOARD, Sit. 3. 61n. high, cinopy top, 3 large bevelled plates ; steciallv reduce,l tor this week ; well worth £7 108 free delivery—F, G. 5M1TH,396,8c tland-road(near Rotunda) Liverpool.

£4 17s. 6D. Ea I'll 4 atP richly't°ti upholsteredU iTE pieces,gre n l * S figured velvet, on solid walnut frames. beautifully carved. A genuine bargain; cost £3 158.—F. G. SMITH, 392 to 396, Scotland-road, Liverpool. -- -- a(1 g ONLY, for a 3ft. Gin. Hardwood Pair of ••S D, TABLES. Dressing Chest with 3 fixed glasses and 4 large drawers and two jewel drawers, Wash- stand with marble slab, double-tile back pedestal cupboard and Towel Rail.—P. SMITII, 392 tc:396, Scotland-road, Li verpe,cl.

d d SIDSBOARD massive 52 6 S 6D. 12fiet. v ellHed Hardwood back. 2 large Cupbo'ards. Our Own make; specially reduced to 525. 6d, or 6 for £IL—F. G. SMITH. 396. Scotland road, Liverpool. _ £7 15 3f. 610. Solid WALNUT BEDROOM SUITH S. WA.FIDHOSIII, with large robing mirror, Creasing Table with 4 large and 2 small drawers and 3 reflect inglmlrrors.Washstand with marble elab.tile back,Towel Hai; and Pedest 11 Cupboard, and 2 Chairs to mach. Only 2 left at £7 153 G. SMITH, Liverpool.

395. 6D. 'sit.a.bsvgg'.lllPec)3ll/McfrfciTAFßV3u4rWYijh extending telescope screw. Only 393. 6d. • or 6 for £9 15s. carriage paid.-392 to 396, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

TO HOTEL PROPRINTORd AND OTHERS.—Manufa " turer's STOOK of BEDSTEADS, all sizes, bought as) 3i per cant below list prioe. Full size, black and bras mounted, from 12s. 6d., 133. 64.. 16s. 6g., and 18s. 6d., coin plete. 300 to d Ispose of.—Smint.

24 -',lo,.ca,7;epaieci,rt,PmAeett,LOspUtelni ditity4ylTli. uphh:islatdesroe,ine:yn. C.irockett's first quality American leather. I have only 3 of these to ()ter at 90s.•' or i 2 to clear the lot.—F. G. SMITH, 396, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

£8 ]55. Large Size Satin Walnut BS DROOM, SULTS, witn 3 Chairs, all to correspond ; taken in exchange; as good as new; recently cost 13 guineas. Also 2 other Secondhand SUITES, well worth viewing, at £6 15s. and £7 12s. 6d.—Smrra. - - E 7 , jB. Italian Walnut Inlaid bunk Centre °RlF- pm's/limit, 5 bevelled plates, modern design. Cost 12 guineas. Free delivery.—F. G. SMITE, 392 to 396, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

iem QS. Solid Walnut MICRO() SUI R,be with t 1 2 large reflecting mirrors, Dressiig Chest witis largl drawers, Washstand with St. Annes marble slab and back. Towel Rail, and 2 Chairs. Sale price £9 95.—SMITE. 392, :cotland-road, Liverpool.

3.25. go. (Cost £3 3s.)—Solid Walnut OVlttl MANTHL ~.lanopy top. six bevelled plates. Repolished and delivered free.—F. G. 83itza1 392,Scotland-rde Liverpool.

Handsome Duchesse DItIOSSING TaBLB 4.0 and VVA.IISTAINI), 4ft., Italian walnut lined with mahogany. This pair recently cost £9 IN. Guaran- teed perfect. £5 t5l.—G. F. Slxrtet.396.Scotland-rcl,Llyerpool

1.1 IS. Noble Solil Oak BOOKCASEC and 0 as .1 eJ FONNIHRH,richIy carved and finished. Only three left at £5 155., or £l5 15s. will buy the lot. Carriage paid.—F. 4. SMITH, 392-395, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD. and 83. PICCADILLY. for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GUT BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public "tie to," and these yon always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to serve you faithfully—to please you alvvsys— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY ONE pIANO-SMITH IN NI ANCEIESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Pest Free. PRICES AND TURKS WILL ASTONISH YOU, PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY I ORGANS „ 6s. Od. TILL PAID FOR. f Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Mites. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY. TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 23 years, aud idy goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very smill sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGSF : 35, hallway-road, ST. HELENS: 99, Corporation-street. FRIARS Gloms, sr arnngton Opt 19E49 Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late lisseniugh's.; S. T. WARD AND MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C„ Makers of all kinds Of Chimney Mews, Monuments. Tonsts Tablets, Pulpit., Fonts, Headstones In Grautte. Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.

Oggs, poultrp, ttr. INVB:TSTORRE.FTL ewß; itsell.cheap ; best make.-153, GREAT

ICGGS FROM PEN. High-class Black Minorca Hens (Including winners) purchased from Smethurst Cock from Anthony. 4s 6d dozen, 24 for 8s ; unfertiles replaced.— REV RENSHAW, Birtle Vicarage. Bury. VGGS for Sitting from pure bred birds, Buff Orpingtons 111 Black Minorcas, dilver-laeed Wyanciottes, Blue Andalusians. Ancona', Buff Wyandotte. 2s. 61. per 13. Apf..ly TAYLOR, Poplar Farm, Hough Green, Widnes.

-DRIZE BRED Golden and Silver Wyandotte. Cockerels from 5s to 21s. Pure bred Pullets 6s. to 7s. 6d• Pure Cross bred Po Bets. 55.; on approval. Eggs from above strain. 3s. 6d. to 54. per aittiog.—Mrs. H. P. GREGORY, Weston, Os westry. VGGS from pen of Pure-Bred White Leghorns ; grand .12.4 yellow legs tint drooping scarlet combs ; splendid winter layers ; os. a doz., carriage paid. Also shortly from grand pen of Black Orpingtons ; 7s 6d a doz., carriage paid; unfertiles of both replaced.—Mrs LOGLN, Sandford, Bridge- north, Inspection invited.

eveles.

ITOW to obtain a Bicycle for nothing.---Full particulars; _L GIBSON, 3, Blackwood, Crescent, Edinburgh. BASTBR we will sell Cycles at half price ; you t..) can obtain one by paying 2d. daily ; Catalogue free.— SYMONDS' LONDON 6TORES. 124 City-road, London.

rioutß.-CYJLtIiS-Ftl I. Cycles, Motors and Acces- -L sories, direct from Factory to Rider, 3000 new and second-hand machines actually in stock, from 30s. each. B.S.A. and adie's machines marvollous bargains in Acces- sories. Free to any address, 80 page Catalogue Wholesale prices, Rye opener to all. 50 per cent. cheaper than others. Agents vointed - W ARRILO w A Co., Weston-aucer-Mare.

UTbEFUL BUSINBSS COBS, Traps, Governess Cars. Carts ; cheap or exchange.—TlPPlNGo 47J, Astley Bridge, Bolton. 'lwo SECOND-HAND LURRIBS with trippers and side- 1. boards; cheap - JA/LES F. HAMPSON, Kensington- street, Bolton. THIRTY HALM Dog Carts, Gigs, Carriages every descrip tion,new and se'ond band.—H. WELcH. Carriage and Motor Works, Nantwich.

---- -VIONEY UNDER WILLS OR DEEDS.—Persons entitled IT_L to Oash or Property at detls of relatives, or to Life Incomes.can borrow at 4 per cent, per annum,or dell,Mhisane. Me VITTIE,42, John Dalton-street, Manchester. 2150,000 At from 3i per cent to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to snit borrowers in any part of the country.—J W R 5, Cook-street. Liverpool. Telenhone 5182. IUXPECTATIONS UNDER WlLLS.—Persons entitled to U money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount. from £4 p.c. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preferred, loan and interest repayable when legacies are paid. No prelinkinary chargas.—Apply MR. PEEL. 41, New Oxford-street, London. W.C.

SPROIAL BOTICR. m-R. N. STAFFORD is prepared to make CASEI ADVANCHS from £5 to £I,OOO to all persons worthy of credit in sums varying from £5,210,£20,230,£b0. and up- wards, on note of hand on most reasonable Lei ms, repayable by weekly, fortnightly, or monthly instalments. On receipt ot application I will call. and if tatisfied complete advance. An f distance. Strictest privacy observed. Letters answered. Write or call in confidence to MR. N. STAFFORD, 3, TIB-LANR. M INOIIRSTRR.

B4TABLniIED 1870. ,t n to £l.OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF 1 1-1 HAND ALONE. LOW INTERI46T. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of Tiers I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always condu2ted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS, 2. KING—STREET. HANLEY ; OR 13. NHWGATE-STIMEL CHESTER.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. A DVANCE6 MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- i. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect' atie Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JO FIN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

I NIPORTANT TO BORICOWtItS- E 0 PEES OR Olikßa-R3 WHATRVSR. Any person desirous of obtaining a loan at once from £lO to 21.030 for any private or business purposes on note of hand alone, and without sureties, can obtain same by apply lug to our manager. Applications can be made personally or by letter, and upon receipt or same a representative will at once call to see yon and complete the business, DIiTANCR, NO ()SHOOT. Apply WOLFI4, 9. CORPORLTIO HEET. MANCHESTER. P.S.—lf any person is paying the usual extortionate rate of interest A rrangern en ts can be made to pay off,

Vi 0 FINES.-NO SURETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tradespeople, farmers &c., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonablelinterest AND HASX REPAYAIRNTS TO SUIT RVERICHODY. DISTANOR NO 013JKOT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUsTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to ti. WOLVB 8; Co., 4 PARK.I4H-iT., WARRIN(TON. corner house), near Hank Quay Station. Hours • 9 a,m to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

UN I 0 N C;.it ED IT BANK, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital 2100.000. /MAD OFFICE; 38. RENdHAV7-6TREET, LIVERPOOL, Advances made from £5 to £5,U00 upon personal security, Deeds. Shares, Policies. Reversions, Annuities, &c. £lO liepayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...£o 14. 9d. £5O „ 2:18. ~ .. .. £3 8s Od. £lOO „ 40s. „ :, £6 15s Od. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- ances for fixed periods. Stocks and shares bought and sold. —Further particulars on application. personally or by letter Tel. 5438 Liverpool. RICKARD ,0 IVIES, Manager.

MONEY LENI PRIVATELY From £lO upwaris—and payable by instalments s may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and hat always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAMS. Re has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received HA NY HUNDREDS OF LErTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORQE PAYNE, "ACCOUNTANT; CnUNTY PATATI NE °BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE READ OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET.MANCHES TER

JOSII33H WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSRY-STRRBT. WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

CYCLE INFIRMARY IS THE snop TO TAKE YOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. No JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RUBBERED AND RE-LINED EQUA TO NEW IN TWO .DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. Cycles Wit to order from Perry's Earlie, 13.3. and hater Lee fittings, Agent for PalinerTyres. NOTE ADDRESS, D. 11. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY,

WANTSD GENBRAL, middle aged, three in family, wages £1.2 to £l4.—Mrs. Huneort,Hawthorne Cottage, Brinksway, Stockport.

WANTHD COOK HOUSE-KBEPRit, good situati9n. wages £22 to £2s.—Apply MlBB HunsoN,liegistry, 19. Irlam-st, Warrington.

WARDSIAID wanted ; mnst be good worker, and strong. Apply, stating age and giving refereroes, to MATRON, Salop Infirmary, Shrewsbury.

WANTED,cIean respectable Young fg ENERAL SICRVANT for seaside ; good thane ; good references required.— Miss ORRELL, 84, N/arton-etreet, Lytham.

\IH TANTD, a good COOK—GRNRRAL hcusemaid- waitress kept ; must have good references.—Apply Mrs. ECKERSLEY. The Meanleys. Tyldesley.

WANTED Immediately, good GIMRRAL about. 18, good I V home; no si aching. —Apply Mrs HARRISON, Registry Office, 314, Moseley-road, Ashton-under-Lyne.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT. for Isolation Hospi- tal ; good wages.—Apply personally or by letter, to BIA.TROY, Isolation Hospital. Dinting, near Manchester.

WANTED, RESPECTABLE GIRL about 17 for general housework ; family two; no children ; no washing. —MRS. BLAIN, 11, Osborne-rd., Levenshulme, nr Manchester

WisNTED. HOUSE-PARLOUR% AID (experienced); Churchwoman; age 22 to 33 ; housemaid kept; three in family ; good wages.—Apply Mrs. EDEN, Colwyn North Wales.

WANTRD. at o ;oe, Strong. Healthy COUNTRY GIRL, about 17, as General, plain cooking, good home, no children ; state references.—HßS. WALTERS, Spring View, Lower Ince, Wigan.

HIGH-CLASS AND SUuunSSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate: Splendid Pcsition : Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School, Blundellaande. A PARTMENTS Pit LODGINGS for one or two reanectable /-1 young men.-29 KvitrooY-wr.Winwick-rd. WArrington. 0 SSA; ,ol4nittni!l road.—Apply el' a ApCpuliyl ,IrrataiNT'Llo gShWeankCale FRUIT, Greengrocery, Fish. and Rabbit BUSINESS doing a nice trade ; rent low : ingoing cheap.—Apply 38, BLESSINGTON-ROAD, A nfteld. Liverpool.

OUTHPORT.-14rocery and Confectionery Business for 0 Sale. Good Neighbourhood. Splendid Living Accom- modation Fogoing Stock and Fixtures £9s.—Apply 96 NOR- WOOD-ROAD. bOUTHPORT.

WANTED,STEADY TRAMSMAg to live in.—Apply Mrs. MART WEBSTER,'FarMer, Rainford Moss. vkr RI TKR S WANTED, Copying Work. 153 and upwards, earned in spare tirne.—bend stamped address to WELDON, 2 Fleet-street. Hull. wANTED AN ENERGETIC MAN, as ASSURANCE COLLUCTO R. £.l. salary and conunission.—Apply 3 /I ORSEMARKET CHAMBERS, Warrington, B CAIN, Superintendent.

QUANTITIRS of PLAIN WORK taken out and billed uncer the supervision of surveyor ; usual commis- sion, or as may be arranged.—R., 19, Corn Racbano Chambers, Chester.

tiNKISTH WESLEYAN DAY SCHOOL (Mixed.)— I_ WANTED an ASSISTANT MISTRESS Art 50. Salary £4s.—Apply by letter with recent testimonials (copies) to Rev. Jowl GUNNELL, Penketh.

CILERKSHIPS in Government Offices, also Excise and V) Customs Appointments ; salaries £7O to £4OO ; no pre- vious experienci required ; tuition by correspondence, no payment until successful ; etarnp.—SECEtETABY, 21 Lawn Crescent. Hew Gardens, Surrey.

A LL HAIRDRESSERS, Ac., should try Cutoberbirch's /1. NOTED QUEEN RAZOK. praised by all users, and guaranteed to all the trade; cheapest yet produced.—Write for prices to 27, ROCHDALE-ROID, Manchester.

A STROLOUY.—AII Important Events in Life Foretold. .tiL Marriage Partner described,Obildren,Cbanges,Journeys, Legacies, Planet,B.c. Send birth date, 6 stamps, and stamped envelope, " CELIA," 24. Regent-street, Brighton, Sussex.

jrNDIGIRSTION, DYSPEPSIA, Loss of Appetite, Bauwell's Tonic never fails to cure ; one dose a day ; satisfaction guaranteed or money willingly returned. Trial bottle is. 3d. large bottle 2s. 9d., post free. -D. BANWELL. 77. Tweed&le- street. Rochdale. 'UDR SALE.—NIITIONAL PROVIDRNT J.IFE POLICY.. £5OO. Dated 1888. Bonus all taken in Cash up to 1897. Premium £l. Quarterly,due next March. Surren- der Value £llO. Male. Age admitted, 62. Whole lif Price £l3O.—H. PADFIELD, 30, Percy-street, Liverpool

EBURRTAIN YOUR FRIBNDS. —8 Conjuring Tricks, including Great Chinese Land Trick ; splendid efflet, is. 7d.—CIUBTo, Bagnall-street,West Brqmwich.

VIM SAMPLE.—New Patent HEALTH FILTER and SPL.I3II PREVENTER, with Clio attached, cannot blow tap ; made in hrase ; fit any size tap. Bend fourpence stamps to cover cost of packing, postage etc., for free sample and particulars of agency worth B.: weekly, to THE NEW HEALTH FILTER & ANTI-SPLASH CO , Blackburn. DOILER. &c.—On L Sale, Vertical Boiler and Engine, Tangye's make, 3 h-p.-5, FOTHERoiLL-sT.,Wgrrington.

IROSSLICY GAS ENGIN% Ignitions Tube, 15 B.K.P. V in splendid condition ; to be sold for £65 cash, with all fittings.—Apply S. JONFS, The Pitts, Sandbach.

BOILER Bx 4 and engine vertical £22 10s. 51 bench lathe. back geared,compound slide rest and chuck £4. Electric light installation iron clad type !dynamo 30 volts 5 amperes. with lamps and horizontal engine £6.—CRAI3TREE, Bridgend Lancaster.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY M.IDDELBURG. HOLLAND. MANCHESTER NOVEMBER ,HANDICAP ETC. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market change. WRITE FOR MY GREAT MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP OIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

T. G. PATERSON,, FLUSHING, HOLLAND MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP. SPECIAL OFFER £l,OOO ,ro 23 6D. CESAREWITCH AND CAMIIRIDGE.3H IREt THE PLAYFUL DOUBLE' LIMITS J 3000 to 1 to Win 300 to 1, 1 2 3 See" THE TURF REGISTER, 'sent post free. ALL THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT LOWE'S, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON ALSO A GOOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, & LONDON DAILY PAPERS. RUBBER STAMPS A SPECIALITY.

AftNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. G OLD WATCHF.S. FINEST MAKE. Established 1830. R. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR' SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTICN. 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS R. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOT DR SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILL MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices Is. 10. and 2s. 95.

HI LORuDYNE Renowned for r ro w Las COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORO DYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S UHLORODI NE TOWLE'S C Spasms, n LORODYNE 24 doses for 25. rOWLE'S CHLOROD YNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

SPECTACLES RUIN THE SIGHT ! ! ! WHEN INCORRECTLY ADAPTED. BEFORE WEARING GLASSES, CALL AT MR. N/SUBERT'S ESTABLISHMENT WHERE YOUR SIGHT WILL BE CAREFULLY TESTED, AD ALL ADVICE GIVEN. FREE OF CHARGE, GLASSES ORDERED ONLY WHEN NECESSARY. SPECTACLES AT MODERATE PRICES, SEE TESTIMONIALS. F. A. NEUBERT, S.M.C. CONSULTING OPTICIAN. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. AND AT SOLTHPORT. _ - - ARE YOU A MARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION. BILIOUS- NESS, INABILITY TO ASSLMILATE YOUR FOOD, Wind in the Stomach, and yet trying to do your daily work like a healthy man? IT MAY BE HEROIC That effort of yours but you are bound to flit in tha race for wealth, unless you g.:t rid of these troubles at once. There is a newly discovered Enzyme which is tea times as powerful as Pepsin which will digest your food for you, resting your stomach and giving it the tone necessary to perform Its normal functions. This new discovery is embodied in 111ILLER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS WHICH ARE SOLD /3/ H. MILIAR, CHEMIST, 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARNING-TON, AT 70, PER BOX.

pHE Warrington and MY s'-Cheslaire I.:xaminer. cm() lished every Saturday morning. THE Runcorn Examine-, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday after— noon. Widnes contains the largest number or Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming. n important centre of industry. .Earlestown and Newton .Examiner, published L every Friday afternoon. 'T'HESt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon. THE EXAVINER SERIES PREPAID AD VP.; RTISE IrENTS- APARTMENTS WANTED H °USES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET Ho USES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST M IBCELLAN CO US W ANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINEI• 10 FEBRUARY 80th, 190.3.

2/6 PER (1(1. yesEINRcLIuDAEDL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BRO 3. wINS MERCHANT 3, 20, RENSHAW STREW, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

Workingmen's Mission Sunday School. A very interesting and instructive lecture was given in connection with the above school last week by Miss Eva Wallington entitled" Homes made without Hands." The lecture was illustrated by limelight views, manipulated by Mr. Wallington. There WZIA a good attendance, and the lecturer, gave to her hearers, some very useful imformation. There were several slides, showing the wonderful construction of birds' nests. Some very interesting slides were shown of that wonderful little insect the ant. Miss Wallington afterwards dealt with the homes of other insects, and with the rabbit. A vote of thanks proposed by Mr. N. Hough seconded by Mr. G. Dale was passed thank- ing Miss Wallington 7far her very instructive lecture, and Mr. Wallington fir so ably manipulating the lan- tern.

PARR '.TALL WARRINGTON'. WEDNESDAY, 4TE MULCH, 1933, AT 8 P.M. MR it. H. PEARSON' iiLf3 THE Hoson TO ANNOUNCE THE FIRST VISIT TO WARRINGTON ON THE ABOVE DATE OF SOUSA AND HIS BAND, THE RENOWNED AMERICAN COMBINATION OF 52 SOLO INSTRUMENTALISTS, CO.NDUOTOR, MR. JOHN PHILIP SOUSA. ASSISTED BY MISS ESTELLE LIBELING SOPRANO. MISS MAUD POW ELL VIOLINIRT. MR. ARTHUR PRYOR TROMBONIST. IHIS GREAT BA.ND HAS APPEARED BY ROYAL COMMA.ND BEFORE HIS MAJESTY THE MNG ON TWO OCCASIONS. , PRlOES:—lteserved, 55. and 3s. ; Unreserved. 25., is. 61. ' and Is.. at door only. PLANS NOW OPEN AT MESSRS. R. H. PEARSON'S, LTD BOLD-STREET, WARRING I'ON.

YT ARR IN GTON MUSICAL gOCIET Y. VV THIRD S BSCRIPHON CONOECHT. IN Tll4 PARR HALT,, TUESDAY sExr. FEBRUARY 24T/1. ARTISTES: SOPRANO: MADAME ALICE RSTY. CONTR•LTO : MISS LILIAN HOVEY. TF:Kon : Mn, CHARLES SAUNDERS. BASS: MR IVOR FOSTICR. SOLO VrovorteT : MR. WILLIAM HENLEY. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA. OF OVER 200 PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR : MR. F. H. CROSSLEY. For full partimdars see posters. Doors open 7-15 pm. Concert 7-45 p.m. CarriacPs at 1?-10 pm. Ticket-holders arimit,ed by Early Door at 7 p.m.. PLAN and TICICHTS at Messrs. R. H. PARS )N' Ltd. L. W. REYNOLDS, W. E. ATKIN, H }Hon. Sec.,s. Hon. Treasurer. F. LORD,

DELO CBOT YOUR GAUD ti;NS —Garden Nettint, small mesh. will keep off the smallest birds, 35 square yards for le. Will not rot If left out in all weathers. Send any width. Carriage paid on all orders over 55. As supplied to the Royal Gardens. Commoner netting at 51 eq. yds for is. ()ash returned if not approved ot.—Frorn Li 3 Ge.soN,Garden Netting Works, 11,ye, VVANIICD FORME GOID -+R Hotels,Roard- ing and private Houses for Blackpool and district., good wags; enclose stamp. -Ara PREITO i'S REGISTRY. 44 Charles-street. Blackpool. Telephone 0337. EIIRST CLA*S GOVERN4SS C I.IIIIIAG-it w;th movable L cover; plate glass all round; almost new.—LEA and SoN, Fe.rnworth, Widnes.

LDRST RSTABLISHRD SOUTHPORT SR3VANT3 AGRNCY.—Superior Servants can be waked irarnedi- ately with excellent situatious.—WiNheoß AGENCY, 83a, Lord-street, Southport.

WANTED, GRNERAL PERVANC in private family. three children ; youngest 13 ; washinß, comfortable home.—FßosT. 27, Burli.igton-rd, South Shore, Blackpool.

'T'EIE RALBKNSOICK SZ PRTIOKNTE faXEN ERA. -14UM0R0133 AND PkTtERTIO COSTIIR IMPBR- SONATIONS (1,1 la Chevalier), Novel Patter Songs. Big Boot Datices, Humorous Duets. All turns In costume, and strictly refined. Great success everywhere. Re4sonable terms.-21, ALBHRT-HOAD, BrIOLHS.

I The BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL says : " Benger's Food has by its " excellence established a " of ifs own." 7: r•?, ,61 wr—lif44,D cf:1:-f)

Z....-W.,...,,...........e-•---- - - ---....,..,="3 1 tZrilrn e 4 A Isi 0u d :1%.1,,.....•••••••••••ta1.e.i11= tS, NF ANT, . IiOR a ANTS, iIIiVALiDS, t, t, t, AND Tiir > r Tls delicious and highly nutritive 1 tFood has been used with remark- able success in the rearing of ' Infants, and by delicate and arred persons for army years. lt4 is 4 ic .1, distinguished by the case with # f,t which it can be , digested and 4 . 4 r, absorbed, and is quite different # i from any other Food obtainable. . Eringerse FON/ is sold in Tins 4, t I i Cf2smicls, eifc„, evaPywhors. 1

• „or? S r rt: :. - '''. 4,‘4,11 > , AI ‘,7, -.7,, A Ikti:;s .. V ::* '' ' -* ti &L.:l/4V / :,.. '. 71 •,. _.:esz, Aff , e,r),... 4i1,01-, kAVAS, 4 C),. *Ma 1. `-,-. 4%, , „a„. ~ 1„,,,. .. iik c .. -," 42 •// \ ...5,i, cx:r. .6) %la .4,36 ...,>04., ..,;:, 4f,"4,- / ,:‘\ ,1 et 41,,5t5...5:4, no '%,,,,,,, : 019, ~ i ~,,, .5.1 w 1. ' kr-ra1,,,, -11 - S .;,,:/ . 1 4,., . -":-/ .t; d ~ ‘it 6rk. --':,7,-,:,--____„-----__:x . _ -- .„..------________ per taZiet . ,-;,:------

pioLa STEEL! az.44 :lfor Ladies. ILL A FRENCH REMEDY KJPERSEDING BITTER PPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, eec. Prioe 4s. 6d. post free. Obtainable:only-from MARTIN, CHEMIST, OOLITHAMPTON THE Nisug FREVEIL,RRMEDY. THEpt A /31 ON. T 1 su isaureereestedivandasbigehmt ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord Lostan, Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, rains and swat- logs of thvointse, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease- stricture, aischarges, piles, gravel, Fnina in the back rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness. nervous ang physical exhaus- tio,.. etc. Therapion is prepared in three diffdrent form Nos. 1.2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended Full particular send stamped :addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON' 43 HoLFoab-esquARE. LONDON , E.

ark SUIT, 1 2 - . .; * ~, measure for •S•vD. per week For 5. down. and 7 monthly Op w payncents of 5.. each, making a tt anoitulaolre aawof 04hugaisdv. ercoitia rar awseueli t yu io. ku no6oowrs local.n fo r , • ' \ yCORONATION SERGE tt'. • .! _ i In Blue, Black, or Greys. 1 1 Send to-day for patterns and I self- measurement forms, to • C. E. WRIGHT and Co, 649, Atteroliffe-rd., Sheffield. Carriage paid on all orders. We, , guarantee all goods to fit, 100 ‘, 7:2- smart, and well-made.. Please mention this paper.

r- -41,2,", 'll - ; V, DON'T COUCH 0 fir KEATINC'S. LOZENGES. ... 7.1' EASILY CURE , , _... THE WORST COUCH. 4i ,4 One gives relief. An increasing 2„. sale of over 80 years is a certain lig test of their valve. Sold in l3id. '4 „ tins everywhere.. .....,,, • ' sNi' 4: . ', :;.• . , _. ,‘,. ~,. ~ ...,11,..*:,....m.,,,!.•.

SUITS, 1 . . t . liar' ,All &Co., . ~I , ~t.,.,... .. (....: ~..'. , \,,§NALIIIII4 U. 1111 I Ii II I ,1 1 ' I n. il '1 \, y..

THE GARDENER'S ASSISTANT. in Six Splendid Volumes. • Editor, WILLIAM WATSON, Curator, Royal Gardens, Kew. Hundreds of beautiful illustrations. Beautiful Coloured Plates. • " The Standard Work on the subject. Deals with everything. All the new methods of growing fr?tt. and preserving it. Flowers, VegAables. Landscape. Market. Pros- pectus Post Free. The Six Volumes de- livered at once on payment of 5 - The full price is very low. THE GRESHAM PUBI4ISFIING COMPANY, 34, South- %mpton Street, Strand, W.C. BYIADPORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACHINERY Over 450 Gold it Silver Medals and First Prize Awards. .Nrw 50.- Asmw 3Ema-rise The "Minx"). "Voirm." W.,siiin.,,Viirciu;se.. "1/L4IIMM:3I" Curium. AND MANGNG I,IMACHIN/LS. BUTT. WOHKEKS. LAUDItY Rizutasirss. APPLIANCZE. Liberal Cfath Terms. Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS 13:11ADFORD Aria CO. 140142, High Holborn, Lmdon ; 130. Bold Street, Liverpool Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Works, Salford. , —4

Wear BENN FRANKS' PURE <4.1- CRYSTALINE SPECTACLES IForßeading,Writing and Sewing) Post free for 2/6, including Leather Case. Semi Postcard for simple Self• Testing Particulars. HENN FRAN KS, Ophthalmic Optician, 60, WHITERRIARGATE, HULL. MDT% 1718, PO ROUrlii OR TRAYLLLEItti.

pA RI Fos ..,:i aJ • ; '-,- - i i OF , '. P • , 1.. '4 4 114• e) 5 5. ' Healthy Climate. Cood Crops. Free School/ Light Taxes. Abundant Water. fr` • The most progressive and prosperous Co!ony. - ' Pamphlets and information supplied gratis. For particulars apply to the (Mee of the High Commissioner for Canada, or to ler. W. T. R. PRESTON, Commissioner of Emigration, 17, Victoria I Street. London, S.W., or to Mr. A. F. JURY, Old Castle Buildings, Preesons Row, Liverpool. • .. rf. „.....i., T. .2 1 tfr,l 4•?1 q 0 ~ 4.:' il4'., ...., ,• .4, _ ....? ''' <5,.... , .-i:5 el\ 't.,,,i, , :., ,-...., . , 4k. .....;,..,..... • ~, A_ - ,-, . 44- If ./'' f Is. . N , '..l.,:''S. '4 , ,4,.... '''.l.l4\ / 1,, \ 'lr vt iw„.•4,114) i, 3 t.- t . ,-,Arr r,•;-, RIII-' - - l'•••• ' h., .04!,i-c,,•,-, ~- ( , , \ 31\1 • ' 4;1 ..,-, i\r' ..„.x., ..-_,....,.: -..--). -,...... , . 400- . . 1;- 4%, ' 14( ..•. •.' .N. 411 r r".‘ i 114 b • il4. Pil 7 t i'l. i i-, ~....,,, 1 11 ki If( ti 1 .i ' k: s ' . I i• ~:. I ' -s . , t, A,4,z)%. . 144 9 Op 4L 4 c L., 11111 Z I'EMISTS PRIC

The RUTIGF-W.H.1T1•',,. • RTH AERO-SPECIAL is a fully guaranteed roadster bicycle which weighs compkil.ely equipped 25 lbs. and costs S Guineas. The latest development of Britain's Best Bicycle. AERO-SPECIALS E. 16 16 0 SPECIALS £l3 13 0 STANDARDS £lO 10 0 Art Catalogue post free from RUDGE-WHITWORTH, Ltd. Coventry LOCAL AGENTS : Mersey Cycle Co., 79, Bridge Street, Warrington. J. and S. Churchill and Cu, Cross Lane, Earlestown, J. S. McLean and:Co., 51, Duke St., St. Helens. Budge-Whitworth Ltd.. 44, Deansgate, Manchester. Rudge-Whitworth Ltd., 101, Bold St., Liverpool.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. _- AFTER TWO FILLS S'4 PELT FELT EASIER I 26, liotland-street. Brompton—road, S.W. April 26th. 1902. feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try Join. Pills. and gave her two. Afar a few hours ehe felt e.laier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to Ana her ill from bed when I came home in the evening. In two or three days she was quite well again. Yours truly, A. F./RD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminaie all Injurious mat'er. and ere Uglily restorative. Sad everywhere in Wiles, h. lit. a d 23. 9d., or sent poet free for stamps or P.O. by the firm:islet(); GEORGE LADS, 232, Gosw-11-road, London. -.E..4.DP..1'S GOUT & R

et• , ~ 1,1 ;A •' • .-3.- 44- ...i- A. , Az. Nii •,,K V.%.,,,,:,. ~ we. , • ~,, :•,''' • `,,.' 4) 504 • ,r''' ~, A., ; , .4- , 4 fOatllies - i CURE iND:CESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS. .

blanufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

to that district for the express purpose of getting away from public-houses. (Hear. hear.) The CHAIRMAN pointed out that although the Coun- cil had not approved of the action which had been taken with reference to the Green Dragon licence, still it was the work of a committee under the supervision of the Council. With regard to the question of compensa- tionbeing paid to brewers for licences surrendered, he was of opinion that compensation should be paid to in- dividuals whose property was depreciated by the planting of public-houses in their midst. ' The Chairman's services were acknowledged on the preposition of the Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS, seconded by Mr. THOMAS DALE, and supported by Mr. S. B. STRINGER,. The last-named speaker said one of their most important duties was to purge the Watch Committee. MR. PARKER having replied, the meeting terminated SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE. ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON THE STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other known remedies. This is now conceded by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Veno. and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world contain- ing seaweed, for that reason Veno's Seaweed Tonic is used in hospitals and by doctors themselves because of its superior curative properties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it performs, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. It is a god-send to sufferers from indigestion, wind, headache, general weakness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood, and HABITUAL CONSTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEA- WEED TONIC. Prices is. Id. and 2s. 9d. at chemists and medicine vendors.

B- - IMONIAS.—Grand tubers, 6 double and 6 single in 6 separate colours, post free for 2s A. BLOOD & Co.. 6 Short's Gardens, London, W.C.

INFALLIBLI Remeoly for Bad Trade.—Trader a who desire to increase their business should apply at once for par- ticulars of novel advertising scheme,glving marvellous results to TWEEDALE,DUPONT, & 00.. 9, Mincing-lane, London 8.0

rpo LADIRS.—Hair removed from lip and chin. No pain. 1. Quick, simple self-treatment —Terms by letter only to E. J., 106 Lancaster-road, North Kensington. Genuine- - ATRIMONIA.L.—Gennine introductions. List of ladies 01 or gentlemen, 6 stamps.—EDITRBBB. Belivista, Bt. Leonards.

CYCLES,—Buy direct, it will pay you; quality and price is right. Every cycle guaranteed for two years. Catalogue free.—lyy CYCLE WORKS, 49 Lichfield-road, Birmingham.

DBAR 00ALS.—The Littte Fire Chain (Pat.) economises _ coal. Heartily recommend it.'—'• Catholic Herald." Is. 6d., is. 9d, free.—Lirrix FIRE CHAIN Co., South Woodford. Essex.

I GRNTLE NIA N'S B.S.A. pattern, free wheel, Dunlop tyres. Westwood plated rims,rim break, in. roller chain, and bell, wallet, and oil can, new. £5 10s., approval; cost £l2.—A. MERDINAND, 13 Bernard- street, Russell-square, W C.

FIM I " Pearson's Weekly," "Answers" Competitions carefully studied, solutions by experienced puzzle ex- perts. absolutely free- Stamp for partieulars.—VVALTEßS, 463 Attercliffe-road, Sheffield.

FRETWORKERS —lllustrated catalogue of fretworkers' 1 materials free.—WAREHOUBE, 12 Crowe's Market, Tottenham, London. 25 AMBER FOE LlPEL—Pearson's Weekly. Solutions 4d. £2 a week for a year Sunday Circle picture story. Solutions Is, Stamped envelope,—RlCHAßD 69 Chancery -lan e. London. _ _

SHOPKIMPERS.—Send for Price :Lists. quick-selling carded goods; Boy's Cricket goods, &o Aoah's Ark.-50, HIGH-STREET, Newport. Mon.

4:1000 'Answers' beet solutions; also 'Tit-hits, Pearbon," Home Chat,' Ohristian Herald. 4d. each weekly. post free by return ; either set to date 7d. —CLATToN, Fair View, Oaston-road, Nuneaton.

T AMES' Outfitting and Haberdashery Trade. £2O weekly Bent, £32. Female management well fitted, BT., stock extra.—bbllTH, 912 High-road, Tottenham, London. ••••••'' BBLFAST.—FuIIy Licensed Hotel for Sale ; Lease; Rent, £160; 20 Bedrooms, Billiards, particulars. litcxs, College Square.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated 1848, £2 given ; also Arctic, Red River,Firket, Atbara,Matebele, Mashena, Fenian Raid, &c.—Major Tomas, Droitwieb,

STAMP COLLBCTORS.—A useful diary for 1903 (16 pp. 7 x 5 ins.), and 30 varieties Foreign stamps,3d.—Srarni STAMP CO., Boscombe, Bournemouth. SAFES i SAFES ! !—Don't be persuaded to buy chea safes, second-hand sates, or 85fe3 sold in auction roou,P Ask your ironmonger to get you a Catalogue of GEORG PRIOE'B Double Patent 20th Century' Side-locking Safe and you will learn something about safes that will say your pocket. 6 hOYAL MAGAZINE' Solutions, 120 2s 6d; half, Is 6d. J SuNNy, 102, Woolwich-rod, East Greenwich.

CASH ACCOMMODATION. RlO TO X 500• 29, FELL STREET, HOLT-ROAD, KENSINGTON. LIVERPOOL. Letters will receive prompt attention. Any Distance. N.B —This is a Private House. and no objectionable signs or any description given outside the premises as to being a loan office, thus avoiding any unpleasantness which mly occur to borrowers when going to ordinary Loan Offices in Liverpool.

WARRINGTON BUTCHERS' ASSOCIATION. EIGHTH ANNUAL BALL, WILL BE HELD IN PARR HALL. ON THURSDAY, FISBRUARY 26TH, 1503. ME. PERCY RANDALL'S BAND. TICKETS (IvOLUDING REFRESHMENTS), 38. 61). EACH MAY BE HAD FROM ANY OF THE FOLLOWING : Messrs. A. j MYNEICYMz, MARKET-STREET, F. I LASHFORD, 011oRLET-STREET, H. MATHER, CHURCH-STREET, J. UNBWORTH, RNITTSFORD•RoAD.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. FOR CATALCGUES. COMMERCIAL PRINTING. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES'OF WORK. ROGRAMMES Fos SOIREES. JOHN WALKER AND CO„

FOR FIRST-CLASS Pr.ivAr ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, ;bat may be arranged: riIEETH. AU consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed required, the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moilerats eharzes. TEETH. An MX., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Exotrcztiiiotnrouass hitherto by the ..13 TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,00010alions weekly. Exors. of the late • J. H. PARKINSON (DENTrAT BY ExAm Mi. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... ...GEORGE-STREET • MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANI(EY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. .:111‘7cORN, 31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NONT.H. iC Et .....- Pi-LP;MA li.K.P.X-STREST . FicIDAY, II to 12. and Ito O:
