===== 0002601_19030116_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
")13 B OF W ARRiNG TO CON FRAOTOR=I. ~..rhe PAVING end SEVIRRAGE COMMITTEE of the 6,uuncil of the Borough of Warrington is prepared to RE- taVig THNDICKS tor TAIVNG UP TUE 0G813L14 PAV- !+ AN 13 R HPAVI NG WITH sErf-4, Naylor-street, •t, Cock hedge-lane, Orford-street. and Arley lk. Also for forming and Paving the site of the Old 10"Idewell premises. tcsi:PßY,lngs, specifications. &ft., way h• seen and forms o 4 f tdert of qutntities, and all furthr‘r information oh- - nerl at the ot'fice of the aar,mgh Survet,),, Town Rail, on after Weinesday next. the 14th inst., at which placo ..tiu'ers must bo delivered before Twelve o'clock on Monday, ",..-„il191h day of January '903 La lowest or any tender not nue.narity accented. TPOMAS LONOMN, ilorouch finpi Borough Engineer and surveyor. ree, and Surveyor's Office, January 9th, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
AT VERY Lownsr PRIORS. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A LlitLL AND

LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, H ORSE ST ARKET STREET, W ARRINGTON.

_ the fragrance, 12 ixiis, Cape flowers ; th,Te is no flower more beautifn for cutting purpose 3 boug Ift:A 5:.(3 , rich, brilliant colour 1: Anemone Winiiflower. single mix&l, 12 Fret ct. gananculus ; thil French are the finest of all Ranunculus flo4ers ; all colours. 12 Allium Neap, Star of Bethlehem, pure white. 12 Winter Aconites. the earliesi; of spring flowers, 12 Crocus in extra tine mixture, 12 Irisilispania ; most loveiy flowdrs, known as poor

man's orchid, 12 zcilla hiberica, lovely blue, niC4 for pots or garden.

T. :TURNER, F.R.H.S., GREAT SZTI.ON, CHESTER.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
EA D E'S GOUT PILLS

Areiiperfeetly enfe In their action, eliminate:ail 'Notions, mattrr, and are highiy restoiative. Sold everywhere tn I.ottlet, if lid any 2 9d. or sent' post free for stairps or P. 0 by the proprietcr. GEOEGB BALD, 242, Goswell-road, London.

FADE'S GOUT

& RHEUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
EADEVI GOUT PILLS

Are perfectly safe in their •ictio,is. e'inilrate all injurious

niatter, and are highlr reo.or.ltiv3 Bold everywhere in Bottles, la lid Ard I.te. fid., or sent post frre for stamps or P 0 by the P roprietor GEORG) lADIL 23. Ooswell-road, London. IL

===== 0002601_19030116_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN 'WALKER AND CO IifXAMINER PRINTING T ViT ORKS PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION CONCERT BILL o AND PROGRAMMI3b.

DITTS'S POPULAR PlANOS.—Magnificint Dis- p'ay of NEW and SECOND-110.ND by tho best makers. considerably UNDER usual prices.

PITTS'S BASSIN RITES, MA IL CARTS, LAMPS, CHINA, GLASS, EARTHENWARE. IN— DOOR GAMES. Trunks. Bags Portmanteaus. Sre.

SAMUEL PITTS, MAN CHESTER LONDON ROAD (Ardwick and Longsight Cars). GAYTNORN (all City /toad Cara pas. the doors. Established 1845. National Telephone 1.124.

IaiAWK

===== 0002601_19030116_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
• 1111111,1011.111111M1L t•• ' -•-- 4.7.719c4fe\. • ''= y - *e. .* ' 1-` • • • ,/ • - tA.,! . • , -16 , .0t my• v , •• • • , _

J'T `-.• 404PC.1'.

-

===== 0002601_19030116_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK TOKR air nivrir, /ITT on, GROCER FOE WIC LA./ U L 3 rate !IL SELF-RISING FLOUR The Examiner, Friday, January 16, 1903.

(Copyrighl. )

(!,5 ot her chair. INenner or tneta spoKe Ter a iient, then Margaret put her hand before her and yawned, laughing as she did so. I em tlattered," said jklcis.

AT *sr a 8111'114 e. Alariaret turre.• eyes ,!roin.the I ui;. Ntan aer side, and kept them nxed on his fa,.•.

"X 'wonder if I 1 ;. she was thinking. ' "D...in't look at PI 1.1 tothat," he implored. "Why not? " Jack said nothing, but, s area back at her. And presently the girl's lid:: droupc.d. "I told you not to fiid Jack. - Margaret felt her heart -beat unaccountably. Presumably beatuse ef Aadrew, who came in at that moment.

"Unwarrallta'•":e intrusion!" said Jack irritably. Andrew ltined, ;riti meat over to the "Well, IVlarg;:ret,", he said, kissing her cheek. "Made friends with Jack yet Sorry I wasn't here to introduce you." _ _

"AA unnecessary formality," said Jack, stooping down ta poke the fire. "Don't let me disturb you," he IsTnt, on crossly. . "You don't," said Andrew, kissing Margaret again, and resting his arm on her shoulder. "If there's one thing on earth which drives me to frenzy," said Jack, "it is to see other people kissing one another! Why can't you go into panther room, if you must kiss? " "Don't mind him, Margaret," said Andrew, laughing heartily. "It's.just his way. He never means what he says." •

"You will excuse me, but you are not to kiss Mdget again in my presence. 1 will not allow it t" said Jack, standing up with his back to the

"Midget ? " inquired Margaret. "It is what /I have christened you," said Jack gravely. "I have also found a name for Andrew, but that is for your ear alone." "Oh, I don't mind," said Andrew. "Every- body knows that Jack is quite mad! But where's mother?

"Mother has undutifully abandoned her children and has gone to spend the day with Mrs. Smuggins, ever the way." _

Margaret laughed, and Andrew looked inquir- ingly at Jack, and asked: "What's the joke? Her name isn't Smuggins; it's Brent. You never remember anybody's name."

"Smuggins is a very good name. Why be parti- cular, my Andrew ? " and Jack waved his hands in the air. "Listen to me, good people,' he said. "You, most cherished brother, are going to efface yourself for one hour—one whole hour, mind you— and leave me to educate Midget, who is not at all all that she should be! Midget, my precious, you are going to sit down in that chair and be a good girl." . And Jack pushed her gently into the seat. "Well, I'm not jealous, and least of all of you, Jack! " said Andrew, preparing to go. Margaret looked curiously 14 Andrew's honest round face, and then turned with eyes a little brighter to the thin strong face of his brother. She noticed that his eyes seemed to have caught some of the brightness of her own. "And are you really going to leave me here to be bored for a whole hour. with .Jack? " she asked. "Of course! Why shouldn't I? He won't bore you; Jack's all right. He's quite mad, but he's ail right, and I want you to be friends. I'll go and join mother at Mrs. Brent's." "Smuggins," murmured Jack. "Well, I'm off " said Andrew. "Don't go," said Margaret, with the very least litge bit in the world of nervousness in her voice. "Are you afraid of me ? " demanded Jack, "taring at her. "No," she said, returning his stare boldly. "-Very well, then; Andrew, you may go." And Andrew went over to Mrs. Brent's. "Why did you want to talk to me for an hour 9 " Margaret asked. "Because I wanted to find out all about you, Midget, my dear, and I couldn't with our good Andrew there."

Margaret laughed. "Do you know why I stayed ? " she asked. "Because you wanted to find out all about me, I suppose," said Jack. Margaret shook her head maliciously. "Not at all. I stayed because I want you to tell me what the name is you have discovered for Andrew." "I had forgotten Andrew! " said Jack reproach- fully. "Why couldn't you have done as much for this one hour ? " "Oh, don't be silly!" said Margaret impatiently. "Do tell me the name ? " A smile came into Jack's eyes and played with his mouth. "I had thought," he said carelessly, "of Buttonhead.' How does it appeal to you ? " "Buttonhead ? Oh, how lovely!" laughed Margaret delightedly, and then added remorsefully: "Oh, poor Andrew! How wicked of you, Jack!"

"You wouldn't think it was only a week since we first met," Jack said softly, and his eyes wandered round the room. "No, indeed," said Margaret. Her face lookcd red in the firelight, and she screened her eyes with her hand. "The scene is just the same," Jack went on. "Same room, same hideous ornaments, same fire, same teapot, same absence of Buttonhead." "Don't call him Buttonhead," said Margaret. "But that's his name in the play," Jack per- sisted; "this play—our play—where the scene is just the same, but where to-night the players are different." _ _ _

"How are they different? said the girl, with something like a start. "Yes," said Jack. "We have, or we shall have, two new players to-night." He got up, and then sat down again opposite the girl, where he could see her face. "Now for the birth of two beings, who will live for an hour and then die together in. the flame there," and he held his hand out to the fire.

"Explain," said Margaret. "They will come up out of our eyes, so watch. Can you see my eyes?" "Perfectly, thinks." "No—you are not near enough; come closer." Margaret laughed, and brought her chair right up,to Jack's, and they 'sat with their knees ahriost touching. "Come, now; that's better!" said he. "Now look at me, and tell me, first of all, are you in love with Andrew?" Margaret hesitated a little. "Ye-es—l suppose so," she said. "Lie the first! " counted Jack on his finger. Margaret reddened a little. "I think I am indignant!" she said. The man stared steadily a her. "Oh, no, you're not," he said. "And secondly, were you ever in love with Andrew?" "Of course! -Don't be stupid, Jack I" "Lie the second!" said Jack calmly. "Oh!" protested Margaret. "Quite so. Oh!" continued Jack,•his „eyes still fixed on her face. "Did you, or did you not, pal in with Andrew because you couldn't find, anybody better in Middlegate ?" "You're a harrid brute! And what a vulgar phrase-:-.' pal in' ! " said Margaret,gevading the question. "You are not asked to make any comments on ray phrases or on me, but to answer my questiou. And don't fidffet about on yout chair." • "I'm not. fidgeting; and I shall not answer that question!" said Margaret defiantly. "I am answered," he said. "And sow, don't answer in a hurry: just think it over. But if—if, mind you—you had had the good fortune to meet me first—don't interrupt, please ; it's an awfully bad habit—would you not have fallen in love with me?" Margaret lowered her eyes, and gave the ghost of a laugh. "You are an idiot! " she said. "Quite so; who denied it ? " said Jack. "That .is not the question. What we want to get at—and we beg you to observe that it is all being done in the most orderly way—is: Wouldn't you have loved me if you had met me first?" "No, madman!" said Margaret, fkir.reting nith the lace at her wrists. "Why should I " "You are equivccating my Midget," said Jack, I:.An;rig• f,rrard. "Would you not?"

" No ! " "Do try and speak the truth! " "No!" Jack laid his hand gently on her knee. "Would you not have loved me? " he said quietly. "No, no, no! " said Margaret, nearly crying. "Do leave me alone! " "You are getting hysterical! A bad sign," saia Jael. "Look at me, Midget." Margaret studied the pattern of the carpet with unusual interest. "Look at Me, Midget," he repeated in the gentlest of voices. And Margaret's blue eyes met his grey ones. "Wouldn't you have loved me.? he whispered.

Margaret's brain seemed to be swimming round. "It isn't fair; you're mesmerising me! " "Wouldn't you have loved me? " he whispered I again. The girl's face was pale, and they were both silent for a second. Jack still leant forward with his hand on her knee and his eyes fixed on hers. It seemed to both of them that thdir hearts were running a furious race with the little clock on the mantelpiece. The glow from the fire heightened the glow in their eyes, and flickered alternate red and white on to their faces. "Wouldn't you have loved me? " She saw the question on his lips, though it was spoken too softly for her to hear. "What's the good of struggling against him? " she thought; "he's too strong for me." "Well? " he asked. "Have it your own way ! " said Margaret, lean- ing back in her chair. "Hurrah I " laughed Jack softly. "Hurrah! hurrah! hurrah! My little Midget! And jump- ing up, he seized her by the waist off her chair, and swung round the room with her in a mad sort of dance. "Good heavens! " panted Margaret, when he had stopped. "How strong you are! Why, you lifted me off that chair as if I were a baby "That's exactly what you are, my little Midget --a baby pure and simple!" "I admit the former qualification, and use my own reservations as regards the latter," laughed Margaret, seating herself in Jack's chair. Jack laughed, and stood by the fire, resting his elbow on the mantelpiece. They looked at each other and smiled. "You seem to be in good spirits!" said Margaret. "Who wouldn't—with you? But let us be serious again for five minutes." "No. We're so jolly as we are. Don't be

serious again." "0 Midget, my little fairy ! " said Jack earnestly, "don't you wish that. I could take you away to some enchanted island, where we could live as king and queen, and hold a fairy Court? " "It sounds delightful! " "You would be the sweetest lady, in the world, and I would be your humblest slave. " "It certainly would have its charms. Unfortu- nately, you see, there are no enchanted islands, and you will not take me away! " "No," said Jack solemnly. "I must not take you away. You belong to Andrew." "I never did care a button for Andrew! " burst out Margaret. "A buttonhead ! " suggested Jack. "No, my dear; but you are his promised wife, and I do not take away with me the promised wife of my brother .—do i, my lady ? " "I wouldn't comet" said Margaret. "You wi I not be asked. But it will bb Oteaaiant to know that—oh, well, never mind. You are going to marry Andrew." "And see you here every day." "I," said Jack lightly, -"leave here to-night." Margaret jumped up from her chair with red cheeks. • _

"Yon are going away ? " "Yes." "Why?" "Because my sister-in-law would be a little too charming for my peace of mind." "You are going away because you love me?" asked Margaret, with her hand on Jack's arm.

• "You hve said it." "Oh, but," said Margaret, her cheeks a little paler and her eyes a little brighter, "don't go away. Jack ! " _ _

"Why should I stay ? " "Because—because—Jack, I love you too I" "Another reason why I must leave here at once. Besides, you don't really love me yet, my Midget; you're only fascinated and interested. You would certainly love me if I stayed much longer." "You have a charming idea of yourself!" said Margaret, with a little laugh. "Not more charming than the idea you have ef

"Well, I never! " "A very dull remark," said Jack calmly. "Could you ever," said Margaret, "be senious about anything ? " "I was never more serious in Any life! Strely you must see that! I have been a.,wav for three years. I came home on Monday, and I run away again on Saturday! I came, as I thought, to stay. It seems that I came only to go. However, it was worth the coming, and it's worth the going." "What is? " "To have seen you, my Midget," said Jack tenderly. "You think that I am going to stay hers and marry Andrew ? " "Yes, dear; you must," Margaret shook her head in dissent. "He'll be bete soon," she said glancing at the clock. "Jack—" And she hesitated a little. "Well?" Margaret sidled up to him. "Give me one kiss I before you go!" Jack put his arm round her, and drew her close • to his side. Margaret looked at him, her eyes shining. "You'll be married when I see you again," said Jack in a whisper. Margaret shook her head vigorously. "Yes, yes, yes!" said Jack. "And no, no, no! " persisted Margaret, looking - up at him invitingly; 'Do kiss me! I love you! " "You're not shy, commented Jack. The girl drew herself away from him indignantly, her cheeks flaming a fine red. "Yon brute!" she cried, and then sat down on the sofa sobbing. "Why did you ever come here!" she said presently. Jack was leaning his head on his hand. "I am going away to-night," he replied. "Don't be unkind to me, sweet lady. You do not know how unkina I am being to myself! " "You insulted me!" said Margaret, her eyes , firll of tears. "No, dear child. I could not insult you. But I am trying not to kiss you—not to kiss you!" he burst out again. "Good God! I'm praying all the gods in heaven to keep me from taking you in .rny arms and crushing all the very life out of you with kisses! " And he raised his hot face from his hands and walked violently up and down the room. Margaret looked a little scared at his vehemence, and in her heart loved him a good deal more for it. "Poor Jack 1 " she said softly. Jack stopped in the middle of the room. "And poor Margaret!" she added lightly. "It's a little bit of a struggle for her too, you know, Jack! Jack gave a movement forward, as if he. world have flung himself at her feet, then turned suddenly and walked over to the mantelpieze. There he stood leaning his bead on his elbows, and Margaret could hear him whispering Ao himself: "Midget! Midget! My little Midget!" "What shall I do?" she thought. "Andrew may come in at any moment; he mustn't see us like this! Jack," she said softly. "Well, girlie ? " said Jack, raising his head with an effort. "Think of Andrew! He'll be here presently. What are you going to say ? " "J must get cool," said Jack, . walking over to the window. "I shall say it is unfortunate that I am of such a roving disposition that I never can stay for any length of time in any particular place, and another day of Middlegate will drive me raving mad." "Will they accept that as the only explanation of your sudden departure ? " said Margaret. "They will accept what they get," said Jack. "They all think I'm mad, and I never was given to explanations. I must go and get my things together." "Where will you go to? " asked the girl. Jack went over to her and took both her hands in his. "I shall fly away to the land east of the sun, west of the moon,' " he said gently. I "Be serious ! " said Margaret impatiently.. "Oh. what does it matter, dear lass ?I' said Jack. "One place is the same as another. And wherever I go I shall carry you, with me, although I am leaving you behind. He took her in his arms, and let the girl rest against him. I"I mustn't kiss you," he said whisperingly; but he let his lips rest for a second on her hair. I "Good-bye, little Midget! Good-bye!" A footstep outside caused them to separate hurriedly, and Margaret went quickly over to the ooking-glass to see if she looked as if she had been crying, as Andrew mine in. Jack went up to his brother, and took hold of his arm. "I want to see you and mother upstairs," lie said. "What about? "asked Andrew. "You'll hear in a minute, Andrew, old boy," . aid Jack, pushing him gently through the door. "Go and find mother. You stay here, Midget," he said; "I shall only be five minutes," and he ollowed Andrew upstairs. Margaret, wandering forlornly round the room, rnuld hear their confused voices in the room show,

"lie's going away 1 Sll.l tr.ougnt dully. "I've only known him a week, and yet I feel as if he had filled up the whole of my life. I can't remember a time when he wasn't there. ome I lie's going. away I " and Margaret pressed her hand to her side, as if the thought gave her physical pain. . .

She seemed to have a-great thrObbing lump in her throat, and her eyes felt hot and tired. "It is so trrible," she thought, "that I have to sonceal what I feel! I mustn't cry before them; and 1 shan't be able to say good-bye or anything! 0 Jack, Jack, Jack 1 " As if in answer, the door opened, and Jack came In with his brother. His .mother was upstairs packing his few belongings. "Well, Midget,' said Jack gaily, "off again, you see! Not a minute to spare!" "I can't understand it at all," said Andrew solemnly. "Nobody rtsked you to," laughed Jack im- pudently. "But if you swear on your oath you'll never tell a s3ul, and least of all Midget there, ae ridadil.g eagrtte.' ' looked tell you the real reason that's driving me from M at him apprehensively, and Jack gave her a little reassuring smile. "I never take an oath about anything," said Andrew; "but, of course, I'll not mention it to anyone if you wish it." Jack laughed at his brother's solemnity, ana then leant forward and said to him in a loud whisper: "I can't stand Midget's shoes! " "Why, you're 'joking again! " said Andrew- reproachfully. it "It has just dawned upon you, my Andrew, hair ? "

"I thought you were serious." "You ought to know by now that lam never serious about anything—except my meals," he said as an after-thought. "The cab's there," said Margaret mournfully. "Oh, you can't be really going, Jack! Tell him,* she said, turning entreatingly to Andrew, "tit he mustn't go." "It's no good my arguing!" said Andrew. "When Jack makes up his mind about anything, wild horses won't make him alter it!" "Come and see me off," said Jack, going out to the front door.

His mother joined him on the step, and ventured tucother timid protest against this desertion of them. "And we thought you were going to be here for the wedding and all! " she said, tearfully. "Very sorry, mother; you'll have to get married without me!" he said, laughing at her long. face.

Margaret and Andrew came out on to the steps. "Well," said the latter, grasping his brother's hand, "if nothing will keep you here, good-bye, Jack, old fellow. Come back to us again when yot get tired of rushing about." "That will I!" said Jack heartily; and then ht turned to Midget. "Be good and happy, little Midget," he said, holding her hand tenderly. "Think of your brother sometimes. Be brave, too. The girl in the story must play her part well, you know. Good-bye! " "She shan't marry Buttonhead, all the same! • cried Midget after him, as he got into the cab. Jack smiled a little wistfully at her, and kissed his hand as the man drove off with him. "Buttonhead! Who's Buttonhead? asked Andrew, as they went un the steps Ugethar. [THE END.I

===== 0002601_19030116_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
IRON-OX

TABLETS Strengthen Weak and

ion

Disordered Nerves.

mi‘k

If you are languid, headachy, an.mmic, despondent, or weak; if you suffer from neuralgia, insom- nia or hysteria, and are inclined to worry, your nerves are out of order and you need IRON-OX TABLETS, which free the system from the impurities that weaken and poison it. IRoN-Ox TABLETS restore the entire nervous and di- gestive system to a strong, healthy condition. They are a tonic, a laxative, a digestive aid and blood purifier without any drastic properties. In curative value they are far superior to pills or other violent remedies.

Dainty Aluminium Waistcoat-Pocket Packet of 50 tiny Tablets for lin If your Chemist has not got them, they will be sent post free for One Shilling by THE IRON-Ox REMEDY Co., LTD.. 30, Cockspur Street, London, S.W.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
*4l4'N

A NATURAL TONIC

and blood purifier is Seigel's Syrup, made of fruits, roots and herbs. It cures consti- pation and dyspepsia, regulates the bowels, cleanses the liver,

tones the digestive system, braces the nerves and imparts the vigour and vitality of health to every organ of the body.

r(1174,:?!

===== 0002601_19030116_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
iSti V • ,

In a letter describing how he had suf- fered from indigestion accompanied with biliousness, heartburn, giddi- ness and acute griping pains in the body, and been cured by Mother , Seigel's Curative Syrup Mr. Geo. W. Waldron, St - Crescent, Worcester, rf Mother Seigel's Syrup a true tonic. I haw taken a dose with better and brighte seems to put ne' energy for OL, YOU

D in 1, wooderiul . ,rr p.uier for a es 7 tßenfleOTand plresiervaesblißt'lL3B. leatShea; Pl,asant odour allow peush- lag with blacking. COL MEDAL 22 BEN lIIITION HIGH EST _.- . • AWA •DS. • s 4 j Tins zd.. 6€1., 1,- 6.2,6 of Boot • ,122V1 M Makers, Saeld est, Ironmoncers &v. Manniactory East Puhnch, • ...,, • London.

Every Woman • interested and shoal,' -.bum the ',monde

the fdtA., but send st- _ full par ticu! trs Invaluable to lad'

4.. Jnted.) Dept 143, 11, Queen Victoria Street, London, E.O

_ • "'Oar Ladies. PILLS

A FlatliCH REMEDY bUPER:EDING MITE APPLE. 'IL 000HIAO, PENNYROYAL, Ac. Price 44. 6d. poet tree. Obtainable:only from 1 11 AUL v, )11 EMIR, Clotrrii ANI VTON

./t . Dunstan's :eferring to .; says "It is , re never yet , nout feeling ,)1„,.. life and • • 3 • , Into one." ," • • t "I 4 c,Dand ;NG. • ' •

is xi ki, abouL ~..,.. Au' MARVEL WHIRLINII SPRAY. N',..,. - ‘/,/,:7, - no Ask your Chemist for I , • '7/ ' it. If he cannot supply v / 'arvel accept no other 'amp for book giving - and directions I f ies. MARVEL CO" ',Pate'

===== 0002601_19030116_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU - A BAD LEG

With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, surrounded with inflammaticn and swollen.that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the ImPression? If so, under the skin you have poisou that defies all the remedies you have tried, which,.if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are sv. ollen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the akin may be die. coloured, Of there may be wonnds: the disease, it allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and Lad infidical advice and been told youncase is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation: but do not, fort ran cure yob. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed. It is no reason / shpuld. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to It. W. ALBERT, 73 Varringd on-street. London, and yon will receive a box of Gra.,mhoppet Ointment and Prlls, which is acertain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands. and Bunions. tßegisteretlCopyright.i

===== 0002601_19030116_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER

iaater sum* to Couritrp I”ausious, ijotels, and Public Bulicth:gs,

EXISTING WATER SERVI:.:.S TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES.

WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP.

63, LONG ACRE, W.C. WORKS: GREENWICH. LONDON, S.E.

A' tA. R•r;

) 0 SHIT

-,;M TO

P.RYBODY

PL,EA,E tLL.

ARCT-TER & SON 5, St. George's Cres., Castle St.. Liverpool

iimE Din INT 7R I .1%1 GS,

OEM EZII\TOS.

FOR V.J.

111 A V ' ~'•: ;;,M, , '' 4k " , i) !.'k;;,r'i . 1 " 1.,--V.i. ..._; 1 fAr4ii.- '.' - • i

===== 0002601_19030116_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLES WOLF

WHOLE3AL'a jEVTLLER

Cnly Address :

Ic. RENSI-TAW ST., 1:!IVE.RPOO

===== 0002601_19030116_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY,

During this month fashion is practically at a standstill, and there are few modes of any note so far as their novelty is concerned. The greater part of femininity at large is, however, deepry engrossed with the attractions presented by the sales and the countless bargains and reductions offered thereat, and until these are over; there is little else to be talked of or thought of. The January sales as we all know, come like a storm to eventually clear the atmosphere of the sartorial world for the advent of the Spring fashions. When yielding, however, to the allurements of a visit to these sales one must exercise a considerable amount of discretion in selecting articles, and restrain sternly any tendency to weakly yield to the temptation to purchase an article merely because it is cheap without first seriously considering whether we have, or are likely to have, any opportunity of wearing it. Very soiled finery should be altogether avoided, as, except in a few instances, it is seldom worth he purchasing. There are, however, one or

• • .. -'-. ' Vii • t, I ' . er''''''''.."(.j, ...o.7,_';'''''''' ' t r„..L.V.';V:!i:),\ i \ •\ , ; It; Z,77.,,u,f•T:4 1)-1. ..- •, TPr )(, , • \ .\ ' ' r : ' )11 :,\\\.:\:\:),l i; 1 . s , A . ill, 1 1' , i' \ . ) ti i t.k : ' ;F 1.1 At\i,:.ic ~ , , , i i. ~ -r ~,,i 4.; \ . •,, \ \\ r - :.--- • - / '"- 2'. eiiSsa .".;111Z-fellei -------- ---- .-'--

===== 0002601_19030116_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A COMFORTABLE CLOAK.

two articles of dress which may safely be invested in. Furs come first and foremost on the list of the prudent woman, as the mo-t fashionable styles can be secured at a really reasonable price, and will be found a comfor, on many of the cold days which are a feature of early winter in England, while they will be found to be quite in the height of the fashion next winter. _ _

The comfortable cloak shown in the first illut,tra,ion would be found a welcome addition to one's wardrobe, and the economical woman could have it made at home at a much lowei price than it could be purchased ready made. The cloak itself is formed of a pretty coloured cloth with a smooth surface, and is lin,(l throughout with a quilting of pale rose pink silk. The high collar and deep cape are bordered with fluffy brown fur, and are further ornamented by an applique of point lace. Of course, should one have to use the train or tramcar much en route to the theatre or dance, a deeper tone of cloth should be used. as the pale colour soils so easily and quickly. Indeed a nice black cloth lined with cerise or a bright rose trimmed with white or light grey fur makes an exceedingly useful and durable wrap. There are many lengths of cloth or

, 4- ,•.,,-„.4;•VT.,....1"va, ----Wir , z a 1. • -7. • OKA i oo •,,,..1 , .2.. t. ,_ ' 'Af ji 0 ..rdk.t.'? \ ..i.") .., - ... 0 •i ' - /.. i . , -4-of .1 0 1 , lii iiii.4.• r ' !

===== 0002601_19030116_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A MILITARY COAT.

silk to be purchased at the sales at little outlay, while a few yards of fur and a large lace collar or some handsome passementerie are to be picked up in the same manner. The quilted and wadded silk for the lining can al,c be got all ready stitched, and as the shape o: the cloak itself is of a simple kind it will not require the assistance of a very experienced dressmaker to make it a success. The coat sketched is quite one of the season's novelties, and can be warmly recommended to anyone. It is of the nature of a guard's coat, and altogether military and as mannish - looking as possible. For preference the material should be navy blue cloth with pipings of scarlet at the seams and edges, the lining of the coat being of the same warm colour. The back of the coat has the fulness there confined by a buttoned strap. I have seen this coat expressed in tweeds lined with checked materials, but the effect is not nearly so good as when navy blue cloth is used. The buttons, of course, are brass. A very smart sample of this coat, which was worn by a leader of fashion,

„ib!„-A„, f /..,:'-' •,*:-.:::'''' '',.1,1,,,.'„1,1:,...'/'l.” ) „A," ,- . • 4:- A. -4 f.:":',.? I' i 5. - • . .., - ~- ' , .‘ ,/ .., , ' o<.'-' ' //Z ,44. ('f' ~'44r .p. 2 r. / '''l, oti/ - ~ -:•;., 1;..; \.g ..........- """" 1- V4lii `,4:. '4.'l ' lia -.• rV-'''' .1. Cll. 41 - • , r ik '

===== 0002601_19030116_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY HAT.

was piped and lined with apple green, the effect being very, good and rather more distingue than the usual red. The price of these coats is greatly reduced during this dull season, but it is gener- ally better to have a garment of this kind made to measure, as otherwise the right amount of easy hanging fulness is not likely to be achievgd, and a too loose and shapeless garment, or one too tight and clinging to the figure, be the result. It requires good cutting to make a loose coat a success, and as a wrap of this nature will be found useful all the year round I should sincerely advocate going to a little extra expense to get the right thing. Millinery is much in the foreground of the wintc- sales, and one cannot do better than invest in a pretty hat such as is depicted should the 'opportunity offer. It is made of black straw, while the upturned brim is swathea with black pin-spotted tulle. From under the brim where a jewelled ornament is placed, a hand- some black ostrich feather curls round over the hair to the back in the manner so approved of at present. It is easy to pick up a straw shape of this kind and many of us are the possessors of a good ostrich feather, as fashion has smiled so approvingly on these as a trimming. so that all that is required is a few yards of black- spotted net to evolve a charming chapeau. Among the other things which I may advise my reader to purchase, are shirts and blouses of nearly every kind, only avoiding those of chiffon which has become soiled through handling. Silk skirts are also to be desired, and are really cheaper than at any other time of the year. Odd yards of lace and ribbon, or short lengths of piece lace can be used for so many purposes that they should also be secured whenever a real bargain in these is offered, ass should likewise trimmings of all sorts.

COQI7ETTIC.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The attachment of an official residence to high offices has certain disadvantages, and Mrs. Temple must feel keenly her leave taking of Lambeth Palace. To Mrs. Davidson, the wife of the new Archbishop, it is like returning home, as she is the youngest daughter of Archbishop Tait, to whom Dr. Davidson became chap- lain and private secretary in 1877.. Dr. Davidson who is now in his 55th year has a thoughtful face, and fully looks his age. He is regarded as a moderately High Churchman, and like Dr. Maclagan, the Archbishop of York, he is a Scotsman, born and bred. The festivities at Dalmeny and Edinburgh, in celebra tion of the coming of age of Lord Dalmen-y, have attracted a good deal of attention, not only in Scotland but in Buckinghamshire and Surrey. The occasion has served to emphasise the fact that Lord Rosebery is ex- tremely popular with his tenantry, who have manifested their interest in the celebrations in a very marked manner. Lord Rosebery, on the other hand has taken care that his tenants and servants shall not be left out of the festivities, and as the owner of the Durdans, his beautiful seat in Surrey, has once more extended his hospitality to the inmates of Epsom Workhouse, who have been provided with a substantial dinner and other entertainments. The London tradespeople are full of hope that the coming season will be as brilliant and successful ks it was last year disappointing. There will be some new hhostesses and many charming diSbutantes,so it is thought I that entertaining will be more general than was the case last year, when the thoughts of Society folks were centred upon the Coronation. One of the beauties of the season will be Miss Mary Manners, the eldest I daughter of Lord and Lady Manners, and there will be at least one great heiress in Lady Mary Douglas Hamil- ton. She is the only child of the late Duke of Hamilton, and is consequently a granddaughter of the Duchess of Devonshire, who will, no doubt, give some great entertainment in her honour. The many one-time superstitions in connection with weddings, appear to be entirely overlooked nowadays. For example green, in the olden days, was an impossible colour for such occasions, but at several of the smart Society weddings which have taken place lately, green in divers shades has been much worn. Then again black used to be considered in the very worst of taste. Women, in mourning, discarded it for a wedding, or did not appear. We have changed all that. At the marriage of Miss Stanley, and that of Lady Muriel Stuart Erskine, quite a sprinkling of the guests were in black unrelieved. At another recent Society wedding, the bridegroom presented each "maid "with a heart locket, set with opals, and towards the end of last year there was a bride brave enough to appearat the altar, wearing these ill-omened gems. Superstition is now, happily "out of date." The cockade has disappeared from the millinery world, but an even less artistic form of trimming is the cloth, or ribbon" penwiper " finished off appropriately with a jewelled button in the centre, which is the whim of the moment. As regards shapes, in headgear, one of the newest,closely resembles the shovel hat of the foreign priest. This in velvet, with one long ostrich plume sweeping round from the front to fall well over the hair behind,and is being much patronised by brides- maids. The turban toque, and the Shah of Persia turban are too popular to be modish, and exclusive dressers will no longer don them. _ The pouched blouse has a formidable rival in the crossover bodice which for some months past has been creeping into favour. With the crossover pelerine we are all familiar, but in both ideas there is one point that should be borne in mind, and that is, to keep the cross- ing low down to the waist line, and so give an appear- ' ance of length to the figure. Another much approved style for evening bodices is that, showing the deep bertha, and high waist belt. Cut somewhat low, in the style of the old Court bodice, the berthe is headed with a 'tucker" threaded through with narrow baby ribbon or velvet. So smart, and dressy looking are many of the flannel blouses and SHIRTS, that they are quite possible for afternoon wear with SHIRTS to match. These blouses and SHIRTS are delightfully warm and comfortable, and the home worker will find them easy to build. Viyella is the fabric to be selected. The colours in which it is possible to get this material are exquisite, and there is no question of shrinking. Properly washed, a Viyella shirt or blouse can visit the tub again and again, and be wearable to the end of the chapter. By proper washing is metuat;care that the water is warm only; that the soap is placed in the water and lathered with the hands, not rubbed upon the blouse; that the garment is afterwards well rinsed in lukewarm water; wrung in a cloth; and immediately hung out of doors to dry. Short remnants of Oriental embroideries, to be had very cheaply at the sales, will come inuseful for trimming these particular garments, but tley should be used sparingly. Some of the most successful morning shirts, and blouses, are the most siMple, which boast nothing in the way of ornamenta- tion save stitchery. The old-fashioned counterpane is never seen now-a days, and one cannot regret its disappearance. It was heavy, as regards weight, and very =artistic. The newest "bed-spreads," as they are called, are in pure white linen, embellished, more or less lavishly with designs in drawn thread-work. Under these designs a colour is sometimes laid, the same tint:appearing under table mate, pillow-slips, and night-dress case, which all match. There are many housewives however, who pre- fer an all-white scheme, it is so much more dainty they say. This is simply a matter of taste, but care of course is necessary in the selection of the colours chosen. • They must be of the palest and most delicate, and blend with or match the walls, carpet, and hangings. Several of Gainsborough's pictures have had a remark- able history, and a few years ago a tattered canvass, which had been lying by for years, was sold by auction for £6. The purchaser having discovered that it was a painting by Gainsborough of Miss Ethel Duncombe, a famous beauty in her day, sold it for £lB3 to a print- seller in London. He before long agreed to sell it to the late Lord Chesterfield for a thousand guineas, but owing to the death of the noble lord, the transfer was not completed, and the vendor having consented to cancel the sale, sold the picture to a member of the Rothschild family for fifteen hundred guineas. i With "The visits of Elizabeth" we were all delighted land with a later work -Recollections of Ambrosine,"by I the same author (Elinor Glyn) we shall be equally charmed. "Ambrosine" a brilliant, lovable little creature, tells the story herself, and tells it with ease, and skilful grace. Messrs Duckworth have published both these delightful books

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVER COMPLAINT VANISHED.

Another Bile Bean Success. Dizziness, Debility and Headache Ended.

h is surprising how many apparently wide-apart functions are effected by disorder of the liver. There seems no connection between a man's temper and the colour of his eyes and skin! Yet the state of the liver affects both ! In the case of Mrs. Kelly, of Garbally, Birr (Ireland), the results of liver complaint were very serious. Here is her own story : "Up to July, 1901, I hardly ever had a day's sickness but in that month I became unwell owing to getting wet. The ailment settled on my liver, so the doctor said, and for three weeks I was in bed. I trembled Violently all over from liver chills, and bad acute head- aches. I was subject to violent retching, and vomited up everything I took. I was much affected with giddi- ness and often fainted away. The doctor was in attend- ance upon me for nearly three months, but long after he ceased to attend me I was subject to fainting tits. The fact was, I never got properly well:

The slightest shock -N-vouiti—send me into a fainting fit, and I have fainted nearly a dozen times a day. At night I could get no sleep. I got to ill that I could do no work, and the children--I am the mother of eleven— had to do it all. " One night my daughter Mary read about Chas. Forde's Bile Beans in the 'Weekly Freeman.' The account told of a woman who had been cured of ail- ments similar to mine, so I decided to take a course of Bile Beans. I very soon found that they were doing me good, and without going throtqh much uninteresting detail, I can say. that they have now made me strong and healthy again. I strongly recommend them to all who suffer as I did." ' You 11:ay not have become so much reduced by liver complaint as was Mrs. Kelly, but remember, if you suffer at al/ from it, you're not pale. For every form and result of liver disorder, (including such results as indigestion,, constipation, female disorders, constant headache, piles and liver cohill), • Charles Forde's Bile Beans are a safe - and certain remedy. They cure the effects of liver disorders by removing the cause. You'll get them from any chemist for 1/1A or 2/9 per box. Be careful, however, not:to be put of with substitutes.

Mr. S. Woods' !Hams, At the monthly Meeting of the Parliamentary Com- mittee of the Trades Union Congress opened at the oflices of the Congress in London on Tuesday, it was reported that Mr. S. 'Woods, the secretary, was a good deal better in health than he was a month ago, having in the meantime undergone massage and electrical treatment. The business to be discussed at these meetings included the Bill to be introduced into Parlia- ment to amend the trade union law.

- - - , ....„ 'VA f„........,,,,-- ~. 1,!• ~ 1,,,, , . ,),,,k,:p,,e• ..,, } , ~ 4 , Ye: ._:;VO, f Vtilit,, . 41*,---••- • ....., 1 , 4 •••—„,.... • - ~,. ,0.,f __•ajrzi... ..,_ , .:( :"..0-11„..,,,,,:: .

===== 0002601_19030116_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
BUTTONITEAD'S BROTHER.

C3IS3TE LOFTUS, Author of "Jim's Ua," &0., &o.

"It seems to me, said An(lrew Bates, carefully selecting the thinnest piece of toast, "that before you give your opinion of Margaret you might mait and see her."

-"Why, in heaven's name, will you call her Margaret ? " said his brother irritably. "Surely you have some nickname for her—Maggie, Madge, Midget—anything you like, but not Margaret ? ' "What a funny creature you are, Jack 1 " said Andrew, laying down his fragment of toast, and looking at his brother in surprise. "Here is a girl you have never seen in your life, and just because she happens to be engaged to me and to be called Margaret—" "Loathsome name!" interrupted Jack. "You take a dislike to her! Well, you'll change your mind when you see her."

"Oh, I can see her already." And Jack leant back in his chair and shot his eyes. "You tell me that she is very pretty and very cliter ? "Sparkling!" nodded Andrew. "Ye gods! Sparkling I That's the very word: Fancy a sparkliug Middlegate girl! Oh, my poor old Andrew, take your sparkler, and keep her and welcome. Only, if you have any love left for your poor brother, do not leave me to entertain her thin

evening!" Andre* laughed. • "How funny you are! " lie said. "It'll only be for a few minutes. She'll be here at six, and I shall only be away till about a quarter-past." "What's the time now? And give me another cup of tea." "It's half-past five, and there isn't another drain in the pot! " said Jack, lifting it up and waving it in the air. "Do you know," he said to his amazed brother, "that it gives me an extraordinary sense of enjoyment to hold a teapot in my hand. The teapot is an unappreciated article. I shall some i;ric write an essay on-" _

i''Yon blathering idiot ! " said Andrew solemnly. "Drop it." "What—the teapot? Never 1" "Travelling seems to have affected your brain." "I never had any, my boy," said Jack confidingly. "Now, you, on the contrary, have too much, and inost of it has solidified, and is of no use to you. In fact, it is wasted upon you—especially down i‘ere in Middlegate. Why don't you follow the example of your good-for-nothing brother, and ao away for a couple of years? Go and see things, and learn." "Well," said Andrew, getting up and taking his cap off the sofa, "I fail to see what you've learnt while you've been away—except to be a bigger fool than ever. You've done nothing but moon around other countries and waste your time. At least I've been doing something and earning my living while I've been here." "Which is more than you will say of me. Andrew, your remarks have a charming directnesu about them." .

"Oh, we're not so dull in Middlegate as you seem to think! " replied Andrew with a satisfied smile. "And wait till you've seen Margar—" "Midget," corrected Jack. "Very well," laughed his brother, "Midget if you like it better. She'll be here in a few minutes." "l'm in no hurry." "But I am. I must be off. S'long." And Andrew closed the door carefully behind him. Jack walked slowly round the room, and examined every article of furniture with interest. "Wonderful ! wonderful ! " he muttered. " Every- thing exactly the same and in exactly the same position, and with exactly the same amount of cinst and dulness everywhere! It is truly marvellous!" He drew an armchair up to the fire, and settled himself c mfortably down in it. "Thiee yeArs!" he thought. "What a difference it does make! Here I am, back again, an entirely different person, dropped from the clouds as it were, right clown into the, day after I left—for I'll swear not a thing has changed. Good, solid old Andrew !—I must invent a name for him, by the %vny ! Let me see--" And Jack stared thought- filly into the fire. "I have' it!" he said. "The very thing! ` Buttnibead ! ' Brilliant, inspiration! It, hits him off to a T! "

He leant back in the chair and looked pleased. "Well," he went on, "he's just the same. ood, and honest, and trustworthy, and dull—oh, how cull! Then there's mother. Good, and solid —very solid—and honest, and trustworthy, and, if rcssible, duller. Then there's this weird young woman Andy's going to make a fool of himself with. I can imagine the idea of a sparkling girl! Plays the piano, probably sings comic songs with a giggle, and quotes Byron with a blush. Lord!

And Mr. Jack Bates stared dreamily up at the ceiling and thought of two ore three girls he had nut in his wanderings, and how the good people of Middlegate would open their eyes if they could but so reach as catch a glimpse of their dainty shoes. Middlegate was not dainty in its shoes. A knock at the door disturbed his dreams. "Come in,,, be said lazily. And there came in Margaret. She walked right:up to the side of Jack's arm- chair, and stood looking at him, with her head held a little on one side. Ja!ek stared at her up and down, then drew in 'i4 breath. "Oh! " was all he said. Margaret waited for him to speak, and then, as i•e said nothing, gave a little laugh and said: "Sorry if I disturb you, but aren't you Andrew's brother?" • "Thank God!" said Jack, getting up and making a low bow to the girl. ".For what ? " laughed Margaret. "She has not," said Jack gravely, "got a Middlegate accent." "She thanks you," said the girl, making him a curtsey. "Do you play the piano ? " asked Jack. "No. "I foresee," lie said, re-seating himself in his chair and stretching his legs on to the fender, ";hat we shall be very great friends. Don't sit i'olvn for a moment; I 'want to see if I've got you off all ii !ht. .One pair verv.large shiny blue eyes." "flc‘v horrible it sound's put like that i " said Margaret. "Now, I always thought that--" "Don't interrupt," he went On. "One pair very red lips,; one mouthful of excellent white teeth ; one d imple. ' "You've forgotten my nose," said the girl. "You are mistaken, my dear child," said Jack. "I have not forgotten, it, but I prefer to ignore it. Your nose is not a thing to be dwe;.t upon." "1 should hope not!" laughed Margaret. "Yon have not yet learnt the inestimable. value „•!' sil ne,. However, that will come when you are Andrew." • rgaret shrugged her shoulders, and drew a -; air up to the fire. "You are very; 'rude," she said, smiling at Jack \Oh wide blue eyes. "This is the very first time I I!:.ve ever seen you, and you don't ask me to sit • • A9ll, or to take off my bat, or anything! You j. st sit there and attack me ! Well, it's only what expected from what they told me about you.,, "is it irdeed ? Am I what you expected? " "Yes, you are just what I expected, and yet at same time you are a ,great surprise! " said 'L,rgitret, taking off her hat and laying it down on er Lric

"Not haA hair " commented -Jack. "Thanks. I am overpowered! " the girl said

‘s-•1) a laugh. "Well, said Jack slowly, his 'oyes resting on her e, "?peqz are certainly not -what expected—not y a Nery long, war." "I'm a very charming girl, am I not?" de- NI Illttr,.a-et, striding into the fire. N,," *aid a •Ic. No ? " and Margaret sat up and looked at him

,i!rprise. • No," he repeated stolidly. '0 Mr. Bates! Not the least little bit charm- ? w, cqw! Just a weeny little bit!" and el her chair nearer to Jack's. Ni even 'a weeny little bit,' as you call it 1" .1;c1i, ‘‘-1.11 ati;-!cied disgust. "And my name ,ot Bates but Jack—and a very excellent

;!!e, to!" . "I shall call you Mr. Bates till you confess that fin,l me very charming." "1 ,hall not confess anythici—and you vill do you are told, and call me Jack! " he said, iiiu at her sternly. "Oh. very well! " said Margaret, assuming an •of terror. "Please forgive me, and don't look !urrible—Jack." "Much better," said Jack, smiling at her With 1. air of satisfaction. "You will soon get used to

Alaraitret laughed. and dangled her hat by the

===== 0002601_19030116_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WRETCHED RHEUMATISM. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills Cure.

WORKING Men and their Wives Often think Rheu- matism an unavoidable misery of middle age. It is not. It is one of the most curable and preventible diseases, because.it arises, hit from . any injury to the body, but from an impurity of the blood. Cold makes it worse. Damp tempts it to show itself. - But these are not the cause. Acid in the blood is the cause. Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People have cured more cases of Rheumatism than any other disease, except Anaemia. They drive is straight out of the blood. If subject to Rheumatism, don't wait to suffer, this damp weather. Avoid the suffering by taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, that your blood may be rich and pure, full of oxygen, which is the. deadly foe of Rheumatism, as it is of Anremia, but the friend and life-giver of the _Human Body. We recently heard of the case of Mr. Mcßay, which shows what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills can do for those 1 subject to Rheumatism. He lives at 39, Elderslie- street, West End, Glasgow, and this is how he des- cribes his 'cure :

"-Seeing me to-day," said he, "you would hardly think that, I had been a martyr to rheumatism, .butat one time I thought I should 'Carry it to my grave. It was not doctors' medicine whichcured me, but Dr. Williams' Pink Pi 11,4 for Pale People. Let me give briefly the facts of my case. Some six years ago I went to the Island of Cumbrae for my holidays, and at night I was wakened by a pain in my heel which words fail to des- scribe. It was awful! I said, 'I must get. back to Glasgow, for lam not going to be laid up here.' I

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills citve Rheumatim. conic.; scarcely bear the weight of my body on my limb and 1 was driven to the steamer, and reached my home in Glasgow quite done up. For weeks I suffered. The pain went up from my_ heel into my leg, which felt as if it was being pierced with a long steel knife. Later, a much more severe pain came into my leg, catching me specially in the region of the groin. What I suffered only those who have had theumatism know. "A friend suggested that I should take Dr. Williams' pink pills. I followed his advice, and I was quite cured after I had taken three boxes.. Many people I know suffering from similar trouble finding that ordin- ary medicines did not do them any good, have taken Dr. Williams' pink pills on the sly' and beitig cured, did not care, out of consideration for their doctor's feelings, 1' to tell him that it was not his medicine but Dr; HWilliams' pink pills which cured them." Liniments and Enihrocations will not cure Rheu. matism • they cannot drive the poison from the blood' t plt Bo prloeti c ahri e t i sc, o En setzaenrat lay , Fits, curing, you might as well expect to cure Anwmia with them, o a Gout, or Kidney Disease. All these things Dr. Williams' P• wienuk Pisilclsonfositm- Pae in P,e ! Heart Disease, Paralysis, and the ailments which women- suffer in silence. Only—it is the genuine pills, not the substitutes - which some shoPmen push, that cure. Substitutes cure nothing. Dr. Williams' name on the pink wrapper is a guarantee of genuine- ness; any pink pills that don't bear Dr. , name are not Dr. Williams' Pills. Refuse them.

Warrington Chamber of Commence. At the last meeting of the Council (Mr. C.E. Paiker,. the president, in the chair), the Secretary (Councillor Bennett) reported that, at the request of he Chamber,. Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., had communicated the complaints of Messrs, W. A. Bishopand Co., Limited, in reference to their treatment by the American Custons Authorities to the Foreign Office who were 'giving the matter their consideration, fie also re- ported that, in response to the representations he had made to the L ndon and North-Western Railway Company, they had promised to endeavour to improve the train service between Warrington and London when they revised their tables in the spring, that the Chamber had been invited to appoint representatives. to attend the Fifth Congress of Chambers of Com- merce of the Empire, which is to be, held in Montreal in August -next ; and stated that he should be glad to furnish intending local Jdlibitors with full partleulars W.ll)e forthcoming South African British and Colonial held a le,w months hence. at Capetown. \ I'..athbone (the Firth Company Ltd.), : fair treatment accorded by the rail- • ,- • the local inaaufacurers under the

• clauses. A circular was read from the Mansion llinu•-e Association on railway and canal. traffic, who are doaling with the question, and it was decided to leve, it, for the present; in their hands. Mr. Holman Kingdon (Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons) called atteniion to the arbitrary action of the South African Shippin, Itimr, and it was decided that .he should rein'esont he Chamber at the Conference which has been arranged in Liverpool. He also , alluded to the prohibitive tariff on imported alcohol, and pointed out how prejudically it affected certain. trades. Mr. ftudge (Messrs. Fletcher Russel and Co., Limited), gave an interesting statement of the anoma- lies of the existing law in reference to the registration of designs, and it was suggested that the matter shoold be considered carefully with a view to the introduction of a resolution at the autimmal meeting of the Associated Chambdrs. As the result of the action of the Chamber, the Board of Trade have amended the classification of itanning material in the monthly Board of Trade returns,on lines which. meet the iris-hes of the local trade.

~.,„._ 4 - /--- .%‘. '--.:-.''- It. i / L .. .:.'" ........ ---

*

===== 0002601_19030116_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•,,A4V.VOe= _ . _

===== 0002601_19030116_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
1 , .. .......,_ ____________ _ ____ _ _ _._. ____. .7 . t _ • • ' - -•• ' • __ . : i..;',71tr14, .. k• L -, ' .' • .-, • , ___.- - .. .. - • i •,, i ,

EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

THE HANDSOME NEW HEAD OFJ

THE NEW POST OFFICE SAVINGS SANK.

The Post Office Savings Bank is about to remove from its old offices in Queen Victoria Street, 'London, to a splendid new erection in Kensington. Some idea of the magnificence of the exterior of this building may be gathered from our illustra- tion, and the interior is equally grand. The purchase gf the site was effected with a cleverness not often forthcoming from a Government Department. Instead of asking the price of the vendors direct, one of the chief officials wrote from his private address asking the lowest quotation, and indicating that he was prepared to buy the site for building purposes if the price were reasonable. The vendors, without the ghost of a suspicion as to whom they were dealing with, promptly replied that to a bona fide- quick pur- chaser the pried would be £50,000. The official at .once accepted their offer, went to Somerset House to get the letter stamped, and then transferred the purchase to the postal authorities. One of the new features at Ic.-:nsington is the installation of a large prinfin.: plant. which is to be worked by electricity, and by means of which in future the Savings Bank Department will do all its own printing.

IFFICZ SAVINGS BANK.

DISAPPEARING DICKENS'S LONDON.

One by one, the innumerable places in London immortalised by Dickens are being swept away at the ruthless hands of the modern architect. Many of these spots, now merely sites swept clean of any stick or stone which might even suggest what once stood there, were looked upon by the great man, and selected for the locality of some character or scene which has be. come part and parcel of English literature Bo long as the English language will last. One of the most recent disappearances has been the King-- gate Street which was known of Sairey Gamp. The Southampton Row improvements have made a

ET IS NOW DEMOLISHED FOR THE SOUTHAMPTON ROW WIDENING. _

clean sweep of it, and left not a wrack behind. All lovers of Dickens will be glad, therefore, to have a sketch of the street while it yet stood much as it was when Poll Sweedlepipe's barber's shop was there. It is the econd house on the right in the drawing, "next door but one to the celebrated mutton pie shop," where Sairey lodged "in the first floor front." But though we think of Kingsgate Street only in connection with the characters which the magic of the novelist has raised for us, Kingsgate Street was in its time a historic locality. The ex- cellent Pepys, whose quaint gossip leads us far and wide over London, has recorded for us in his Diary :—" To Whitehall, from whence the King (Charles II.) and the Duke of York went by three in the morning, and had the misfortune to be over- set, with the Duke of York, the Duke of Monmouth, and the Prince (Rupert), at the King's Gate in Holborne ; and the King all dirt but no hurt. How it came to pass I know not, but only it was dark, and the torches did not, they say, light the coach as they should." Kingsgate Street, it seems, was so called because the King used to go by that way on his way out of London to Newmarket.

NEW DEPUTY MASTER OF THE MINT.

The appointment of that popular Orangeman, the Rt. Hon. W. G. Ellison Macartney, to be Deputy-Master of the Mint has given very general satisfaction in lobby circles. The appoint- ment is in succession to the late Sir Horace Seymour, and in consequence a vacancy will be created in the representation of South Antrim. Mr. Macartney has represented that constituency in the Unionist interest since 1885, and his majority at the general election over Mr. S. Lowther, also a Unionist, was 593. He is a fluent speaker and an energetic worker. 'Mr. Macartney acted as Parliamentary Secretary to the Admiralty from 1895 to 1900, when, after the General Election, he was made a member of the Privy

Council. The

post of Deputy-

Master of -t lie Mint and En-

graver of His Majesty's Seals is worth £1,500 a

year. The. Mas-

ier and Worker of the Mint is th e Chancellor

TOLD OF IT.

o{ the Exchequer,

but the actual

controller is the

Deputy - Master. By profession Mr.

Ellison is a bar-

RT. HON. W.

G. ELLISON

rister, having MACARTNEY, NEW DEPUTY- been called to the MASTER OF TILE MINT. Bar at the Inner

Temple in 1878. He is the son of a former M.P. for Tyrone, and was educated at Eton and at Exeter College, Oxford. From a very early age he has been associated with the Orange movement in the North of Ireland, and was one of the Irish Union Whips in the House. He was one of the 'Unionist minority who marched out of the Committee on the Irish Land Acts when their minority report was rejected. He is a director of the London and North Western Railway, and takes a keen interest in all things appertaining to the line.

.. 7,. f.... ~----;. f i .......,..._ ....,,„,,,,i-,. ~, ... ,:e... : ~„-...-_-.:trit..--Aiiine- &,,,,,,J.... • A A -1..,,,,-Aitie,--- vow il wig .}, ;- - rrt, -..,_ -•- ------ -q" ~%..r- ...- • ,va'..V....4.4:711W --- ''''''! . t '".1,...,------"'"- 7,1,, _ii. i.- ..., ~,,A .1:- 4 .-.[ll-:- p.,:., t ,i. ...„,..0.,,.,,, ...... :.._.. ig., ..., . -_____. NI il ~. ~ ~.,.•,.. ~/Infi ,;,... , ,'',. '• : It; -_-7.:_ MI • : ' qc.47-7 ffir;ir. -' ri., tp. .s.• -., ' ~..2- -_, . t _.:. .i. .1, ~.. _ tr, .a 4, ~ : . . • it -= -,SIIL tall f ..I.Sr,-.---'''. ~.--, .... -- •...."--- -••••.--• -- .--tr -t ~_ ,-.....-s-,72,;-- .--e-z--.;:*_::-„4 , --",..--i.e. ~..., • 4 • -,--- ~ , , 0-, , ~,,, . -....._ -..,,_, •'!'f. - . '...- ........ •cr''.4.4401v1,., ~ NAP- -_- --- . ___ , ~, xt - -4..; . -,... ; -....4,-,:- - • .-.::?..--frat--•____,.....--..--. -___,—_ _:,,,,-,.-. —_-_- _,. _.7... _.-,- , .._- ''' : ' "Y 1 ' • 4/4eem"-i•------ =----=---- -------.------...----- -.4„ --e- ---.---...-------- _,___ •,,. • . . . ....,.'.. _ . . • . . . . ~? . '- ' • - - -- .. . = .-. .„-- r. . ,-. . .-- --, ._•_- -; -. ~-; ...., -. . :.:,--i- _._ . ,k- - - --t, _ --- - -___,----• - - --- = -'' --- - , ---- -- =-- -- "" - _ ---- - -- - :"CL--- --.--- 'FICES OF THE POST 0

12.----- 7.• iii lj 1-_-.---- -1 •,, E. 7-7-- il 1 PITIM 0 i -.......„...: r_ 1 i a; : •,,,, 6 !"- ...4..;.......‘ a i ....7,„ h,, E .._._ All • „.„... ,_—_ 1. - .I,t ' - 11111 g - '-'= .11 -,-_,"-:-.-:-.- ,-, ft•-, -1,; A , -,, 1, - _--,- : ~----7-,- ~; .!, •- . nor, .s :., t _ - -1 co!El iiii • , 7-1-2- Lel ii .. ---,,, ..--,...i.„,...,,.. - , „(1 A,,1 i • ,Il :iII . . -- • 'll i , 1 5'4: ','lrr'.i:.;-:: -.A.14- • 1 itlP: f 'fi r,—.5 1 ,!,!,-,.- -, • 4,..',.;,• ! _, - I-- ' --- ' ' l''' 1,.0 f,'" • '.!-.) It title I Jllllllll • i zaz7=-ES, li - . 1,1111 1.4, 11 1 lIIVI- rim kl.--"jril 111.11 il 1111 ' iii il t • ' it f- 1 3 • t-7,- • 7..----,- 4 -- • ' ....-, -.----- ir"--7.-- .----‘, • ''' • _..., • .................:. ,

KINGSGATE STREET, LONDON, AS DICKENS

p\„,, ets7s, //

===== 0002601_19030116_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW ARCHBISHOP.

The new Archbishop of Canterbury, the Rt. Rev. Randall Thomas Davidson, is a man who was, so to speak, born with a silver spoon in his mouth, and from his earliest days in the Church he has lived under the shadow of the Primacy. Born in 1848, the great year of revolution, he WJS educ,atetl at Harrow and Oxford, and was ordained in I 7 by the Bishop of Dover. Becoming a curate at Dartford, he ob- tained his first and only paro- chial experience • in that district, though there are probably few, if any, clergymen who have seen less:actual active service in a par- ish, none have known the minor workings of the Church itself for a longer period. In 1877, Dr. Randall David- THE RT. N.RANDALL THOMAS son was called DAVIDSON, THE NEW ARCH- from Dartford to BISHOP. become private

secretary to Arch- bishop Tait, and thus upon the threshold of his career he came into intimate contact with the highest power in the Church. A year later he married the daughter of the Archbishop of Canter- bury, and upon :he death of his father-in-law he Mid llt.d to serve Archbishop Benson in a similar secretarial capacity. holding meanwhile many important oltkes, and coming into close touch with her late )I:,jesty. He was now made Dean of Wine,or. ants becalw a great favourite at Court. In l:•;:o n.• succeeded Dr. Thorold as Bishop of Roci,ester, and, having refused the See of Bath and toui, be place of the same prelate, upon his death in 196, at Winch,ster. On the occasion of Archbishop liem-on's death, it is said that from reason of health he preferred to remain at rarnii:nn C.t,lle instead of accepiing the Primacy, which he has now taken in succession to Dr. Temple Dr. Davidson was her late i'd.:Cpsty's chief spiritual adviser, and was summoned to her death- bed two year; ago to :,thui:ii,ter the sacrament.

DEATH OF LORD PIREIRIGHT. By the death of Lord Pit-bright after a some- what prolonged illnes, the country has lost one of its leading Anglo-Jewish magnates, who have of recent years been so much to the fore. The late peer, who is more familiar as Baron Henry de Worms, was a son of the celebrated Austrian financier: but. -n in this country, he was in thought and fiuiing ihoroughly English. Called to the Bar forty years ago, he spent some years at law before

jOining his father's firm, but

did not enter

politics ntil 1880, when be

became Con.,er-

member

fo r Greenwich. Slwaking fre-

qiiently- at _de-

liree. -he made a

gfea- mark over the quer:lion of the refo”ni of the p _ _

Royal Putrio,ic

F oil d

;tnd --r.

Glad stone ap- pointed him a Royal Commis- TIIE LATE LORD Pit:BRIGHT. sioner. In 1885 and 1t).2 he was

returned for Toxteth, bolding offices in Lord Salisbury s Government. Twice tie w.s Parlia- mentary Secreiavy to the Board of Trade, and in 1888 he became tinder - Secretary for the Colonies. In 1-887-1888, he was appointed .President of the Internadonal Conference on Sugar Bounties ; and as-Briti,lt Plenipwentiary he signed •the treaty of abolition on behalf of his country. A year later he was made a Privy Councillor; and in 1895 he was raised to the peerage, after which his interest in politics seemed to wane. Lord Pirbright was a very wealthy man, and • always entertained lavishly, both in Grosvenor-square and at Guildford, and the 'King was often numbered amongst his guests. •

ri\\ fig ( IL E

. \ •i. ~,..- _ 4,,,,5_,, ) ~...,. 'fr 4 "N, - •:-.:!‘„,„, , ''..•e. ,I Ft.,..., ( / -,-4-.. ,•/ C..5.--':,. ;'"l*•!,% v,..-' - / V Z

===== 0002601_19030116_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW WESTERN AUSTRALIAN GOVERNOR.

The governorship of Western Australia has been. vacant for some little time owing to the appointment of Sir Arthur Lawley to the post of Lord Miler's second in command in the Trans- vaal after a short but successful period of administration. Now it is officially announced that he will be succeeded by Admiral Sir Frederick George Denham Bedford, G.C.8., who has had a long and distinguished career in the Navy. He first saw service in the Crimea as a midshipman on H.M.S. Sampou, receiving th e Crimean, Turk- ish, and Baltic medals, ad the Sebastopol clasp. In 1877 he com- manded 1-1.31.5. Sitalt, when she eng.ig-ed t h e Peruvian - rebel S h i ffilasrar. and he was once inure to tho front in 13-4, organ- i.in: the flotilla On the Nile for the relief of (4..neral Gcrdon, fur wiiielt he re-

SIR F. 111

VO RD?

THE Nmv lit)V LUXOR V/. E,TERN A CJTHA Lt

(!rivoil :111111:,, t). I h.. A ,mindry.

Ott ri,ing .o tug rank, he comm-iiled Ihe ti et (el the 6ott It and West Afric.in S,atittli ito '92 to during that period i 1i oil ck It: efojil more active service. In 1,,t14 he cothincied h. operation :4 at BiahurFt on the Myer Gatul.ia for the panigdiment of Foil Shah. a, tdave-ntiti.ll::* chief, and later on he (art iett out the op ratio.l4 against the Chief N.,lintt, of Brolietnie, on die Benin River. for ‘xlticli he ,ercived it th-- -early part of the following )e•tr he lead the pnni- tive expedition agaiii,t, Kit, Noke, of N'tnl,y, nit the Niger, again distingiti,lting hint4elt. 'rite gallata admiral has twice s4l-veil as a Lord of the Admiralty, and between 1599 and last August, when he was made a G.C.8., commanded the North American Station. If his career in his new sphere .of office proves as successful as his record in the senior service, West Australia will indeed have to 'Be congratulated( upon its new Governor.

t c,s,l • N lIAAI

===== 0002601_19030116_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EVICTION OF DENABY.

Probably unequalled in the troubled annals af trades unionism are the recent scenes at Denaby, in Yorkshire, where the protracted struggle of the miners on strike has led to the wholesale eviction of themselves and their families from their homes, and which is still causing them acute suffering. The evictions were carried out by the police at the order of the mine owners, and it is to be recorded to the credit of the strikers that not one instance of resistance has been met with, the men, women, and children removing their belongings, and departing in a most orderly manner. This fact has not lowered them in the estimation of the public, nor been the means of a reduction in the sympathy of

SCENES OF THE PASSIVE EXODUS OF TUE DENADY EASIILIEs.

01 those who have, throughout the struggle looked v ill admiration on their determination .o fight to the bitter end. Altogether, about 7-10 families have had to leave in consequenw of ejectment ors. There are streets and streets where hat dly a single window blind can be seen in a long row of brick hon-es. The place is half empty, and a population enough to form a large village ha .4 been timed away. Several neighbouring chapels are full of people, and many others of those evicted have found refuge with friends. At the close of the evictions the police thanked the strike com- mittee for the assistance and good sense shown in deprecating disorder. Most of the . police left Denaby on Friday, only 40 remaining out of ever 200.

...--___-:------------ •1 ' , _ - 4,.!., :.•','i,'. '1."1 L. 1-1101 ,L.---._=7.T1'.:;;Afr2.1,-,. ti----10;1;i'l!;,.1 .?%4 VI. 1,11„.!1!ili 4 ; 1 . f !:47.4u--707f1,1r 0i.,(11) 'ils:trtx:7-kt. .S4l.l.li.li';:if L.‘tAil f :‘,... y cfr-4,44 1, ( )::f ‘r;,.,,..1-fi,\,, sTb7 \ H e-',C(.7t".111r41;1:4:' -,;'.. 719 31)1 • - c ii 4..,. •.. iNIFI,.; 4 ~'"$,V, 'l3,Ai.;•' . '7l: 1 I;,* v4.--.161/).4‘,,/, , , TT"..-..W Ift:,0;• 'TA r rity,;-_,,,1 , ~ ....,:,- .-45., ; ..? ~;,„k,:-...t.„ '..." 4411114' , -- '•VtlPe- ~.ill 1,-..„. ~e. _I----:;.: ' ---- 1717;t7n V ..., 4-. r, -• ,-.71..7.•

\), i

===== 0002601_19030116_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
SLAVES OF THE SHOP.

Parliament May Help Them.

THE organizers of the Shop Assistants' Union are looking anxiously for the day when Parliament will spare time from mismanaging the War Office to consider their special grievances. That day may be nearer than the most hopeful imagine. The country depends upon the vigour of the rising generation, for we are faced by foreign competition, and can scarcely look for virility and vigour among thosewho are forced to followa close and trying occupation—as Shop Assistants are—twelve to fifteen hours a day. Nor are these the only sufferers, writes a representa- tive of the Lincolnshire Echo ; and he proceeds to give a story told by Mrs. Lily Cooke? of 1, Bedford-street, Lincoln, who was cured of mamma and its resultant disorders, by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, after suffering for many years. "I used to suffer dreadfully," said Mrs. Cooke. "I took iron and quinine and various patent medicines, yet continued to be as weak as a kitten. I was pale and languid, and always felt tired. I couldn't walk upstairs without resting, and worst of all was the terrible back- ache that never left me. I could not sleep, and what I ate gave me no benefit. I used really to think that I was going to die. Now I eat anything I fancy, and with a good appetite, thanks to Dr. Williams' pink pills. Since I took them, all thedreadful symptoms of anminia have disappeared—backache (that terrible backache!), weakness, depression, and all. "Although I was very ill when I began the first box, I was decidedly better before it was finished. I kept on taking the pills, and soon I was entirely changed from a tired and weary woman with very little interest in life to the healthy person you see me now. A friend of mine had eczema in her hands, face, and headl and was in a dreadful state. I know that Dr. Williams' pink pills cured her. There was a woman in Doncaster about my age,. who suffered terribly from backache. The pills cured her too. She said "I should not be alive but for them.'"

"Too little blood" is the cause of so much disease and men as well as women suffer from this cause. When any part of the system lacks "tone," or strength, Dr. Williams' pink pills have an extraordinary faculty of , restoring it. The price is two shillings and ninepence, neat direct by the manufacturers, Dr. 'Williams' medi- i eine company, Holborn-viaduct, London, or obtainable iof medicine dealers. Intending purchasers are some- times deceived into accepting substitutes, but they will find safety by insisting on seeing the name in full, Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, on the packet re. ceived. An article on the cure of rheumatism by these pills will be found on another page. They are especi- a!ly good for the weakness and misery which indoor 4 life, the "Living-in System," and bad air entail upon I Shop Assistants.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Dareshury Petty Sessions.

TUESDAY.—Before Messrs. J. C. Parr (presiding). W Long, H. Neild and Joseph Knowles. UNHAPPY MARRIED LlFE.—William Henry Wilkin- son, of Stretton was charged with persistentcruelty to- wards his wife, Sarah Ann, whereby she had been com- pelled to leave him.—Mr. Browne appeared for the com- plainant and Mr. Steel for the defendant.—Mr. Browne said the parties were married on the 25th May, 1901, at St. Thomas's Church, Stockton Heath, and they had one child. Defendant had ill-used his wife ever since the marriage, but he (Mr. Browne) would not go back further than the 2nd of April, 1902, when defendant locked his wife up all night because she would not give him money for drink. He went on the "spree "for a week or a fortnight at a time. Five weeks ago he commenced to go on the "spree" and had not done a stroke of work since. The wife had been dependent on the neighbours and her parents for food. He had struck her on the head and arms and had used filthy language to her, and events culminated on Saturday night, January 3rd, when he came home at 7 o'clock very strongly under the influence of drink. She asked him where he had been and he replied "Shut your mouth." Mr,. Browne detailed the conversation which ensued, and described the defendant's visit to two public- houses in the village of Stretton to which places his wife followed him remarking that "if he could afford to stay in public-houses she could do the same." When they were in the lane on their way home the defendent struck his wife four times on the head and neck and knocked her down, dazing her. Some neighbours picked her up and carried her into the house. Here he threw her across the kitchen and struck her again several times and told her to "clear out." This was said in the piesence of the mother. On the following morning, on the advice of her &other, complainant left the house. The defendant asked her to return, promising "to be a better man," but she had refused to do gp and now asked for a separation order and for alimony for herself and child. The defendant, Mr. Browne said, was "simply a drunken brute who would not work and maintain his family."—Evidence having been given, Mr. Steel, for the defence, submitted that this was a question of bad temper on the part of the complainant and her mother; if it had not,been for that bad temper the Bench would not have been troubled with the case. The complainant's story was very much exaggerated. The evidence disagreed on very important particulars, and he contended that if the Bench could not believe the witnesses in one thing they could not in another. He ventured to submit that the Bench were, therefore, not entitled to believe them. The defendant was a hard-working man. He occasionally got drunk, but it was owing to his wife's conduct. Mr. Steel called nei- ther the defendant nor any witness.—The Bench decided to grant a separation order ;and ordered defendant to pay defendant 6s. a week towards the mainten- ance of his wife, who will have the custody of the child.

Before (Mr. Long (in the chair), Mr. Neild and Mr Knowles.

ASSAULT.—Henry Carter, a young man employed at a chemical works at Winnington, was summoned for an assault on Sarah Jane Hayes, a young woman, at Dutton, on the 10th inst.,-Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant.—A fine of 20s andcosts,lor,in default, a • month's imprisonment was inflicted.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Co.

The shareholders of this company met on Wednes- day in Manchester, Mr. Abel Buckley presiding. The directors recommended a dividend for the half-year of 15s. a share and a bonus of ss. a share, both free from income tax. It was reported that with a view to the adjustment of the relation of capital to reserve, the directors considered it advisable that a portion of the reserve fund should be capitalised, and to carry out this object they recommended the declaration of a especial bonus of .1:2 per share to be paid thereout, and on this bonus being declared a call of a like amount should be made, which, when due, share- holders would be enabled to meet by means of the special bonus. The shareholders unanimously adopted these recommendations.

For INFANTS, INVALIDS, ara.d the AGED.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
a 4' ..; \ ft A: t..:.•,- , jil V 4*-- t.,A ~- -- - ..v....4 74 ' • '-,,m' f i!, -,,,,,,:5., ~....,t

LOCAL FOOTBALL.

WEARY TAR TBNNISIIRS A PING POMMIES.— Are reminded that Billiards, the King of Indoor Games. is brought within thq reach of everybody by BIIIISEY'S Table Billiards, procurable from the local Sports Dealer at I2s. ed. and les. 6.1.

If you have net already GEO. G. EinilitY & Co.'s., Indoor Games List. obtain it from your Maier.

SO/ POST FREE. BEST BALL can be pro- -1. why pay inferior Lions • have 3 or ,mes as many conse- aently more citching and seams, bc a source of weakness. , THE FOOTBALL KINC is a durable ball and the only Patent that has stood the test of 12 4 seasons. Known throughout the World. I Used by the Junior Clubs because it is economical, and the League Clubs because it ; is the best that can be selected at any price. ' : Round, sound and durable. Case and Bladder unconditionally warranted. S GG , .LORD'ST ift4 LIVERPOOL" _ FREE

THE NORTHERN UNION. The County Championship. POSITION OF COUNTIES TO DATE. For Ag'nst P. W. L. D. , G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts. Pts. Lancashire 4 4 0 0 8 13-55 1 3-11 —8 Cheshire 4 2 2 0 3 7-27 6 4-24 —4 Cumberland 4 1 3 0 3 2-12 8 16-64 —2 Yorkshire . . 3 1 2 0 6 8-36 5 5-25 —2 Durham and

North'rl'd 3 1 2 0 3 1— 9 3 3-15 —2

CUMBERLAND v. LANCASHIRE

Played at Alillinu. In the Lancashire team noardman of Warrington, displaced Frnter, of Oldham, and Lomas took the place of W. James at half back, whilst on Cumberland's side Robley. and Messenger, of Maryport, and T. Dixon, of Parton, filled the vacancies caused by Little, of Halifax, Lomas of Salford, and Westmore- land, of Whitehaven Recreation. The atmospheric con- ditions were wretched, and the attendance of spectators was considerably effected. Beetham started for Cumber- land against the wind, and from the first scrummage a combined movement by the Lancashire backs culminated in Hogg scoring a try, Lomas failing to improve. The re-start was again favourable to Lancashire, and another round of passing saw Wilson run ' over the line. S. James converted. Cumberland, how- ever, were not daunted by their opponents' success, and Ben Wilson gave his side a footing in Lancashire terri- tory. Lomas and Dickinson were tackled, and then from a forward burst,Timmoney followed up and scored, the goal kick failing. Play was even for a short period, but the speed of the visiting backs gave James a favour- able opportunity, and another concerted movement ended in Hogg scoring James adding the extra points. Half-time score:—Lancashire 2 goals and 3 tries (11 points), Cumberland 1 try (3 points). In the second half Cumberland had the breeze behind them, but they failed to take advantage of it. The for- wards were beaten in the packs, and Timmoney had to save. Kitchen kicked up the field, and from some loose play inside Lancashire "25" Fish gathered the ball,and with a brilliant effort he rounded the backs and scored a splendid try. The goal kick was unsuccessful. Lanca- shire continued to hold the upper hand, and a judicious pass from Wilson to Hogg saw the winb.man again run over. James improved. There was little more of in- terest, except when James dropped against the goal- posts after a tricky run, and when Beetham was ordered to the touch-line by the referee. The game ended in a win for Lancashire by 3 goals and 5 tries (21 points),to Cumberland 1 try (3 points). Teams:— Cumberland.—J. Robley (Maryport). back; B. Wil- son (Barrow). J. H. Timmoney (Maryport), J. \Tarty (Parton), and W. Kitchen (Huddersfield), three-quarter backs • R. Messenger (Maryport), and W. Dixon (Mary- port), half backs; J. W. Beetham (Broughton Rangers), T. Dixon (Parton). J. Smallwood (`Whitehaven Recrea- tion), M. Vartv and E. K. Tinnion (Seaton), J. Bean (Maryport), S. Hoggarth(Millom), and H. Templeton Workington (forwards). Lancashire.—D. Smith (Salford), back; A. Hogg and R. Wilson (Broughton Rangers), G. Dickinson and J. Fish (Warrington), three-quarter backs; S. James (Broughton Rangers) and J. Lomas (Salford) half backs; P. Tinney, J. Rhapps, and G Heath (Salford , A. S. Boardman (Warrington), J. Ferguson (Oldham, W. Oram (Broughton Rangers), G. Boardman (Leigh, and J. Evans (Swinton), forwards. Referee, Mr. J. M. Sedman, Yorkshire; Touchjudges, Messrs. W. T. Bennett, Cumberland, and J. H. Hough- ton, Lancashire. HULL v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

This match, which was played on the Hull Boulevard Ground, was shorn of much of its interest owing to the visitors having been thinned of their best men, half-a- dozen of them having to appear in the Lancashire V. Cumberland match. Hull pressed, and Frank and Thompson made a fine opening for Parry, who had only to cross the line. He succeeded, and Woodhead added the goal. After a sprint down the left wing Widdeson was so badly injured, in a tackle that he had to leave the field. Frank broke away splendidly from the next scrummage, and, although beset with opposition, scored. Woodhead failed to convert, but just before half time Jackson taking the ball from Jacques, got into position, and nearly dropped a goal, bringing the score to 10 points to nil.—An indifferast, start was made after the interval, but gradually Broughton improved their play, and took the contest into Hull ground. Their attack was excellent now and then, but flukey tactics spoiled the display. Hull missed a chance after a mark by Parry, but they were able to put on three more points with a try in the corner by Parry, which was unconver- ted, and the game ended :—Hull 2 goals 3 tries (13 points), Broughton nil. LEIGH v. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS.

Played at Leigh, before over 2,000 spectators. At the interval neither side had scored. Leigh had the slope with them in the second half, and after fine kicking by Johnson the Hull line was hotly besieged. Eventually Johnson smartly dropped a goal. Morfitt afterwards got away smartly, but Ganley was too fast for him, and a kick by Pearson, removed play again to the Rovers' end, where Smith got hold and made an attempt to score, but was knocked into touch. In the last few minutes B. Kirk made a strong dodgy run, but Sinclair brought him down near the line. Result—Leigh 1 goal (2 points), Hull Kingston Rovers nil.

0113 4, The 0 c A that Li. -- rl, duceL, 122 9 9 i 1 more for imital " which ' lirsi_C).// 4ti q' s' th of which arr

===== 0002601_19030116_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEACTUE.---FIRST DIVISION.

BRIGHOUSE RANGERS v. WARRINGTON.

Warrington took a weak team to Brighouse on Satur- day, County calls requiring Fish, Dickinson, and Board- man, while Isherwood was absent injured. The home side were well represented and managed to defeat War- rington by 7 points to nil. Wretched weather prevailed and there was only a small attendance. The teams were

.• _ _ Brighouse.—F. Saville, back; C. Baker, E."Sutcliffe W. Walker, and Lewis Brooke, three-quarter backs; d. Denham and F. Bevan, half backs • G. Kilburn, Sam Walton, F. Woffenden, E. Wilson, G. W. Sparke, J. B. Hodgson, F. Miller, and J. A. Holroyd forwards. Warrington.—Knight,back; Harris, Hallam, Edmunds, and Bailey, three-quarter backs; Hockenhall and Hunter, half backs; J. Swift, E. Swift; Morrison, Harmer, Edmundson, Naylor, Roberts, and Cunningham, for- wards. Referee, Mr. H. Kennedy; touch judges Messrs. G. W. Gibson (Keighley) and H. W. Depledge (Huddersfield.) Brighouse won the toss and selected to play down the slope. Denham, Bevafi, and Sutcliffe indulged in smart passing, and from a somewhat acute angle Saville landed a fine goal. Brooke put in a good kick, which was well returned, rand the Warrington men tried a few rounds of passing. Bailey got away, but stepped into touch. Saville kicked across, and Denham had a nice chance of a trv,but failed to take the opportunity. Saville almost landed a second goal from a penalty, after which,smart passing between Saville, Sutcliffe, and Baker ended in the latter scoring in the corner, and Saville landed a goal. At half-time Brighouse were leading by seven points to Warrington nil. Saville restarted, and the ball eventually went into touch at the centre. Saville put in a splendid kick up the slope, and Sutcliffe and Baker seemed to have chances which were not taken. Saville was pressed, but ran well, and transferred to Baker, who kicked in excel- lent style, and Knight was forced to kick over his own line, but by means of a penalty kick Warrington secured relief. Brooke seemed to be over at the corner, but was brought down on the line. Nothing was scored in this half, and Brighouse won by 2 goals 1 try (7 points) to Warrington nil. SALFORD v. WIGAN.

This match took place at the Willows, Weaste, be- fore 4,000 people. Brown started for Salford, who were first to attack. Subsequently Rouse broke away for the visitors, and despite the attentions of Preston and Shore scored in a favourable position Bothwell landed a goal. Half-time score—Wigan 1 goal 1 try (5 points), Salford nil. On resuming,Sallord made several good attempts to break through the Wigan defence, Bell being conspicuous. The visitors cleared well to the centre, and Dickinson in a scramble, scored a try, the

===== 0002601_19030116_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
plice failing. A few minutes later the same player was I THE PEN RHYN CHOIR. responsible for another try, and this time Rothwell added a goal. Eleven minutes from the finish darkness Concerts at Runcorn and Warrington. and a terrific hurricane of rain rendered play almost farcical, and the referee stopped the game. According to Northern Union rules the match stands good, as over The public of Warrington had an opportunity on sixty minutes were played. Result—Wigan 2 goals 3 Tuesday of not only hearing the celebrated Penrhyn tries (13 points). Salford nil. Choir but also of assisting the lock-out Penrhyn quarry- RUNCORN v. BRADFORD. men and families in their hour of need. The concert was given under the auspices of the Warrington Trades The return match was played at Runcorn on Saturday before a good gate in keen weather with representative Council and the Free Church Council and it was gratify- teams. Runcorn lost the toss, and in a very few minutes ing to see such a large attendance. The proceedings were presided over by the Rev. J. S. from the kick off by Farmer, Bradford were contestin Hughes, and in the course of a few introductory re- matters on the Runcorn line, where Foster was withing marks, he observed that the object for which an ace of grounding. Houghton brought relief, and the that concert was held appealed to all classes leather settled at midfield. A forward rush placed the of the community and without entering into visitors' line in jeopardy, Milrew averting the danger. Both sides were penalised in succession, Boyes takithe merits of the case, it Tits to help those who were the kick for Bradford and landing a magnificent goaln the unfortunate sufferers in consequence of the dispute. , Old men and women and children weria the principal ' almost from halfway. The Linnets after this rebuff victims and sufferers, and they were asked that night te played up vigorously for their opponent's line. At the help to keep a concentration camp on the battlefield for crucial moment Houghton slipped and let Bradford in, nothing but sheer luckaverting the score. Good tackling freedom and for justice, and that in our own land.ll ear, by the Runcorn backs broke up several fine combine- ( hear:) As a Welshman who knew something of the character and of the heroism of the workingmen of tions. Considerable ground was gained by a splendid round of passing between Richardson, Price and Butter- Wales he need not say that all his sympathies were with worth. A clear mark by Jones was disallowed by the the men. (Hear, hear.) The present state of things in referee, Moran a little later sprinting capitally, into his Bethesda and in Denaby Main were simply a disgrace to opponents 25. Jones was held on the line later, after- civilization, to say nothing of their Christianity. (Hear, wards havin hard lines in failing to ground. A nice hear.) Lord Penrhyn might have other reasons that g they knew not of for his action, but it did strike those punt by Richardson enabled the home team to keep up the pressure. A huge punt by Houghton placed the who were far away from the scene that he was acting in a somewhat selfish, oppressive and autocratic marmer, and that he seemed to be a hundred or. 50 years scrum on the line where Jones twice all but effected a behind the times. (Hear, hear.) In any case they score. Bradford's defence was remarkably stubborn. thought the time had arrived when the Government Bradford at this point made a brief incursion into the should take up such a matter as this and make the sad home territory. The leather was speedily sent back experience of Bethesda and the strange scenes that had where it was collared by Seaton, who, kicking down the field, and following up, eluded Houghton and scored ini. f g a court or commission with the force o law behind been witnessed at Denaby Main impossible by appoint- beneath the posts. Boyes easily added the necessary them by means of which these labour disputes could be points. The leather had hardly been set in motion when settled. It would be a happy day for the British work- Langley with a fine dribble easily beat Milrew and ingman when such a law as that came into force and would have grounded had not Wfurgatroyd rushed up and ought not to be satisfied until such a law was kicked dead.—Jones with a brilliant bit of play leading to nothing brought half time with Bradford leading by they two goals and one try to Runcorn nil. . placed on the statute book. (Hear, hear.) They were Shortly after the restart a Bradford player violently not there that night to discuss the unpleasant part of collided with Jolley who collapsed, and had to be the question, but rather to be charmed by the music of , his fellow countrymen. Who could sing like those carried off the field, Walker taking his place. The home whose sweet voices came from the land of the mountain team attacked keenly, Jones being conspicuous in bring- ling music and hearty congregational singing they must ing down the burly Broadly, who had a clear line in and the flood? If they wanted really entrancing, thril- front of him. From a scrum in Bradford's 25 Runcorn Wales. (Applause.) , were awarded a free kick, Farmer landing a beautiful go to • goal as Jolley returned on the field. The Linnets still The Chairman subsequently read the following letter kept up the pressure, making play on Bradford's line from the Rev. John Yonge, whom he termed the fast and furious. Jones again nearly got over, Bradford Nonconformist Bishop of Warrington " :—" I am sorry that I shall be unable to attend the Penrhyn concert contenting themselves with playing a purely defensive this evening, and all the more so because J should not game. Another penalty kick fell to the Yorkshire con- sympathy with the cause of the Penrhyn people. My, , tingent, Boyes kicking a fine goal from half way. Aneat like my absence to be taken as a sign of my lack of opening was next made by Richardson, but how_ sympathies are entirely with them, as I think should be the case also with all lovers of ustice and the movement was spoiled. The Linnets, liberty and well-wishers to the peopl i W ' sincerely • ever, still kept hammering away, and eventu- ally after a desperate attack Moran popped over at the corner, F Farmer, from a most difficult angle, kick- , bePe there will be a large attenliance, and a ing a magnificent goal. A minute later Price kicked ' ood financial result. And further I trutlahat the day , across the goal mouth where Walker dropped on the ,is at hand when Lord Penrhyn will make it possible for the workers to return to their homes and their work on' leather, Farmer converting amidst the most uproarous applause. The game slowed down after this. Jones 1 terms as favourable to the men, as they , ; j kicking across,Richardson followed up and scored atthe would he righteous and honourable for himself. , corner. Farmer failed at goal. Runcorn continued to i His conduct at present amounts to an outrage upon liberty and a violation of righteousness. ; have the best of matters to the end which came with I Runcorn leading by three goals three tries, Bradford f A few more such instances would bring about what this i three goals one try. nation so greatly needs, the reform of the land laws. 1 SWINTON V. HUNSLET. Again wishing the concert a great success. Faithfully Four thousand people gathered at Swinton to wit- yours. John Yonge.—(Applause.) The concert opened with a chorus by the choir, ness this match. Half-time arrived with no score The Song,' which was well sung. One of the j On resuming,Hunslet were exceedingly prominent, and ~most adequately sung choruses was a new one entitled ' Hawley made a capital mark. At length Swintonl On the Ramparts," which reflected the highest credit I attacked, Tunniagley saving cleverly. Morgan missed a grand opening, and in defence the two Goldthorpes on the performers and conductor alike. Several mem- proved a great service to their side. Bob Valentine 1 , bers of the choir sang solos, and a duet "Flow gently I put in a fine run to the centre, when he passed to peva "was interpreted by Messrs. 0. Ll Williams and D ' . Davies. A pleasing variation in the programme was Morgan, and the latter re-passed to his captain, who b given y the performances of the Warrington Borough ran between the posts. Chorley landed a goal. Result: Band Prize Quartette. The instrumentalists were Mr. Swinton 1 goal and 1 try (5 points), Hunslet nil. T. Mannion (first cornet), Mr. J. Newns (second oornet) j BATLEY V. WIDNES. Mr. L. Gillooly (tenor horn), Mr. D. Wilson (eupho- I These teams met at Batley. The home team at the ium). The selections were given with much skill and I start had the slope to face, with the wind in their faces, taste and the audience showed their appreciation by j and Widnes pinned, their opponents to their own half demanding encores. for a long time, but combination was wanting, and do A successful concert was also given by the Penrhyn as they would they could not break through Batley's Choir in the Runcorn Public Hall on Saturday evening. defence. At last Spurr-received a pass from Goodall, Mr. S. Taylor presided. On Sunday evening a sacred, and raced away up the field. When a few yards from concert was given. the line he passed back to Goodall, but the transfer was Mr. F. J. Norman, who presided, said they would all interrupted. The very next moment, however, Oakland join him in praying that in this New Yea/ time when got over near the corner, and Judge took the pace kick, all men sought to. heal up differences and make a fresh but no goal resulted. After this, Widnes had another start,a spirit of that "sweet reasonableness" might fall spell of aggressive work, but once more Batley took on all engaged in this dispute and that speedily again play to the other end, where Oakland scored his second those mighty slate quarries might resound with the try after a fine run. The kick failed, clang of the quarryman's hammer, a music far sweeter

On crossing over, the visitors put in all they knew, but to no purpose. Davies, Dutton and Oakland were responsible for smart individual efforts for Batley, whose forwards were opposed by quite as good a lot. Eventually Auty scored at the corner, but Dutton failed at goal. Afterwards Widnes played up very pluckily, and several times reached the Batley line. Still they failed to score, and in the end were defeated by 3 tries (9 points) to nil.

than-any the wOuld hear from" that platform, for it would tell that the happy day had again arrived when capital was getting its proper return of profit—that Labour was afforded ample opportunity of earning its daily bread—and that the country was being provided with a plentiful supply of those unrivalled slates for which these quarries were renowned. (Applause).

ST. HELENS v. HUDDERSFIELD. Played at St. Helens. St. Helens started, and Carney made a fine run, but his pass was forward, and a moment later a fine dribble to the visitors' line was made by _ _ _ _ . _

Banks and a couple of the forwards, but they were driven back. They returned to the attack, and Carney rushed the ball over, scoring the first try for St. Helens. and failed to improve. St. Helens again attacked, Ley Reddyhough mulling, almost let them in. Huddersfiele were pressed on their own line, and Lee had a penaltd shot, but missed. The Huddersfield backs now put in some clever work, passing splendidly, which Deere finished with a good try, and Holroyd kicked a goal. St Helens again took up the attack, and Hall dropped a goal, making the score at the interval 5 points each. St. Helens at once invaded the Huddersfield territory on resuming, but Holroyd was pulled up by Liversage. Huddersfield were penalised right under thefr goal posts, and Hall had an easy shot at goal, but missed. Deere kicked the ball from the centre,and making a,magnificent . . .

sprint, he reached it first, and 'scored under ttie posts, but .Holroyd failed with the goal kick. Huddersfield

continued-the pressure, and F. 'Chambers _scored a try,

which Holroyd improved, and Huddersfield won by goals ancl3 tries (1.3 points), to St. Helens 1 goal and 1

fry (5 points).

===== 0002601_19030116_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DRAUGHTS LEAGUE.

LATCH POD D.C. V. GOI.BoRYE-STREET D.C.—Prayed on Friday night, the 9th lust, at Golborne-street. Score:—

LATCHFORD, GOLBORNE-STREET. Wins. Draws. Wins. 1 J.,Hamblett 0 E. Ogden 1 S. Albinson 0 A. Albinson 2 T.Albinson 2 H. Richardson 0 J. Heaton 0 2 J. Lamb 0 L. Edwardes 0

8 0 • 6 WARRINGTON D.O.C.C. v. LATCHFORD D.C.—Played on Monday evening, at the Latchford Club Rooms. Score:—

WARRINGTON. LATCHFORD. Wins. Draws, Wins. 1 J. Roberts 1 F. Dunne 1 E. Ogden 0 0 E. J. Powell 2 C. Powell • 1 M. Gorman 1 H. Powell 1 W. Potter 0 E. P. Dunne

===== 0002601_19030116_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST Div 'SION.

WARRINGTON ENGINEERS V. WARRINGTON ST PETER'S.—The teams met on the ground of the former on Saturday.—Final: Warrington Engineers, 1 goal Warrington St. Peter's, nil.

WARAINGTON " GUARDIAN " V. LATCHFORD.—At Latchford on Saturday. Final :—Latchford, 2; "Guardian," 1.

SECOND DIVISION.

WILDERSPOOL CENTRAL V. WARRINGTON Sr. BARNABAS'.—PIayed at Arpley, on Saturday. Final : Wilderspool Central, five goals; St. 13a.rnabas'. one goal.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
(LANCASHIRE L EAGUE.)

EARLESTOWN V. WORKINGTON.—PIayed at Earles- town on Saturday before about 500 spectators. Play was of a scrambling nature to the interval, when the score stood—Earlestown nil, Workington nil. The game was stopped ten minutes before time, whgn the score stood Workington 2 goals, Earlestown nil.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNIVERSE.

Warrington, January) 1903.

How wonderful, how grand, The Universe appears, How infinite sublime, On the eternal year s. Beyond all human thought Or fancies highest flight, Whence came the orb of day, And all the stars of nighl. Was there in eons past, Before their wondrous light, A state of nature wrapt, In dark chaotic night. Unthinkable a first, Whatever thought we spend, We find no beginning, We cannot see an end.

From the unbeginning, • Eternal energy, Change in the Universe, Goes on eternally. Evalying all that is Pain, pleasure, happiness. That which is not needed, Becoming ever less. Has all forever been, - When changing atoms give .The consciousness of life, Does it forever live. From low forms advancing, Though death by slow degree, Each life something gaining, Some choice remaining free. *Do justice wisdom love Beyond all changes last, And make for kindred souls A. heavenly world at last.

S. KENYON.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD NEWS FOR THE DEAF. We learn on good authority that a rational mode of treat- ment for the cure of deafness, and all diseases of the Bars. Nose, and Throat, has at last been discovered and applied with great success by Dr. Dakbyl B.A , M.D. Paris, &o.), 173, Rolland Road, Kensington, London. The treatment is quite simple and harmless ; patients can apply it at home without interfering with their occupation. and if carried out faithfully will greatly benefit, if not cure, most cases, whether recent or of long standing. A great feature of Dr. Dakhyl's practice is that be dues not undertake a case unless he has good reasons to hope for a cure Patients are told plainly if there is any hope in their ease,and this is why the majority of Cases undertflte., are cured. Dr. Dakhyl holds consultations daily at his residence, 178 Rolland Road, Kensinst,.n. from 2 to 4, at a fee of 55., or at any other hours by appointment, 10s. Yer the convenience of patients who are unable to attend personally. Dr. Dakhyl has formulated a Patient's Report which enables him to diagdose cease by correspondent:ie. taus saving time and expense.

Tbsisystens of queit!ons is so thorough and perfected that if patients are careful In answering, no mistakes ean possibly be made.

This Report Form is sent free to all applleants. and when returned to the Doctor, he, after a careful study, forwards his advice free of 3 barge. . .

Although he has many testimonials, be does not intend publishing any, patients, as a rule, although grateful, io net like their names and addresses to be public proporty,this also constitutes a great breach of medical etiquette However, those who prefer to know the good he has done others, direct from cured patients, are welcome to write him. and he will forward them names Rad addresses of persons whose testimony is above suspietoa. We therefore strongly advise nay person suffering from Deafness, bar, Nose. or Throat Dis.ases, to consult Dr. slakhyl, or to put hinislf or herself in communioation with him at 178 Holland Road, Kensington, London, as above,and we are sure they will not regret it.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

FOWL STEA LER SENT TO GOAL.—At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, before Mr. Monks and other magistrates, James Higham, 8, Garnett's-yard, was charged with being in possession of two dead fowls in Mersey-street, on Saturday night, the same being sup- posed to have been stolen.—Superintendent Monaghan stated that P.C. Sankey saw the man in Mersey-street with the fowls in his possession at about half-past. seven. He was unable to account for them satisfactorily, and it had since been ascertained that they had been stolen from Mr. Vere B. Davies, London Bridge, Stockton Heath. As the house was not in the Warring- ton County Borough Police district he asked that. prisoner be handed over to the Cheshire Police.— This was agreed to, and the prisoner was subsequently brought up at the Warrington Occasional Court and remanded to Daresburn Petty Sessions.—The prisone- appeared at the Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, when he pleaded guilty to the charge, and was 'sent to goal for two months with hard labour.—The Chairman characterized it as "an unblushing robbery."--Continu- ing he said the Bench were glad to see the Warrington police acting in conjunction with the County police. They would always be glad to reciprocate, and they were very pleased with the.action of Police-Constable Sankey, who apprehended the prisoner in Warrington.— Superintendent Ennion : It was a smart capture of Constable Sankey.. . . .

The Hull trawler Othello. which arrived home on Wednesday, reported. that while fishing off Tceland, the third hand, named Birch, became entangled in the gear- ing of the winch, which separated his head from the body.

Harry Knowles, a police constable, was on Wednes- day tined ss. and costs by the Birmingham magistrates for assaulting a youth whom he was arresting. Mr. Arthur Chamberlain, in announcing the magistrates' de- cision,said they did not believe the police evidenoein the case. They did not think the police witnesses had done their best to put the Bench in possession of th facts. Ft,„!,,A IU

It is suggested that the movement which is on foo f, to erect a monument of the famous Lord Clive in som.,, conspicuous place in London might also include a memorial at 45, Berkeley Square, where he died in November, 1774. It is an Interesting fact that the house of the distinguished warrior and statesman is new occu- pied by his nearest representative, the le;arl of Powis, whose son and heir is Viscount Clive.

PALMISTRY BY POST. Au pportunity have your hand read \ by One et the World's Greatest Palmists, •4IHiW who has csused snob a furore all over Anserica. DI/tAkTIONi. Take a piece of gum csrephor,a piree o writfrg paper.nrid a civhinn. • isrht cam! phor.pass one rii.tent paper rapidly throuttk lime until thickly covered with soot ; Ulm place on the rih band if right— handed. and viF-a vie, outline with sharp pencil, take off hand. spray with tiirnis to • fix.' Paste them inside eardboard box. cud •-neos... with is and stamped directed envelope to Dept. P. Spitlcno's Institute of tialtala try. 203 Strani, London. W,C.

I

===== 0002601_19030116_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ct: to.

Red Reugh [lands Itching Palms and Painful - Ends.

ONE NIGHT CURE.

SOAK the hands on retiring in a strong, hot, creamy lather of CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely with CUTICURA OINTMENT, the great skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear, during the night, old, loose. kid gloves, with the finger ends cut off and air holes cut in the airs. For red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured, itching, feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.

Millions Use

CIITICURA SOAP, assisted by CIITICURA 0/NTSIENT, for preserving, purifying, :Ind beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for soften- ing. whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, v.tid irritations, and for all the purposes of tho toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of W, mien use Curicuas SOAP in the form of 131.ths for annoying inflammations chaf- inr.ts, and excoriations, or too free or offen- sive perspiration, in the form of washes I,lr ulcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative, antiseptic purposes which read- ily suggest themselves to women.

Cl.l.mplete Humour Cure, np; of CUTTCURA SOAP (U.), to cleanse tla‘ CUTICURA OINTME2s"r (28.6 d. to in- s! •!,t;:,- allay itching, and soothe and heal; t.T r( 11 A RESOLVENT PILLS (IS. l!,:;(1.1, the n-w cicolate coated substitute for liquid 7:.!vent. to cool and cleanse the blood. A SET is often sufficient to cure the tense.

Eeve.

•1,....,,tn0t the worla. The Sr. 4.5. 94., ^WACCTI4 t,oNg. British Depot. 27-:.K Charter- prmt: 5 Roe tie la Paiz, Pttria. Por:zu Deua ANL. ClIa:M. Sole Props.

q

_ Finger if 17.1 c."3'ffi Zp, i e ...t ' I 4.. -

===== 0002601_19030116_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6

===== 0002601_19030116_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND Co. EXAMINER OFFICE, 114:3 BE W SEY STREET. W ARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19030116_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
-, . . •., , . ~__ _ ... .. - - - - _ •r _...-• ~ . -., ..' ...., .... .•......- . - - ' -•--• • --.4.-7:4451.'7-"'s ' --' - • . ...k..... '..---i'''''-'41.4k:t%),- -' ._ -.4-'1 . .__ __. .:_.... . . ...All.2l2ffilft-1-!.-4"—fl --...-/___.l.'-i• :. Airr.-..44eM1,7154.111Meit„.1L-7,14014y, ,/,--.lC' ''‘..7: ' '• - ....,....,....:.,- .• :-..:., .-. . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . ~ .- . "71.4:,.. 'f''''.-7 •

Ebe "0-;:amtner eents

TWARRINGTON AND MID-CHB/MIRA 11xAmIxiim." published every Saturth morning.

T" gARLEBTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS FAXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon.

- T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Priday afternoon.

T" " IDNRP EX&ILIFRII," published every Friday atternoon.

P It AP kRTMF,NTS WANTED

ADVERTISEMENTS HO 1113 ES WANI ED

APARTMENTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST

HOUSES TO BE SOLD

MISCELLIIE,MB WANTS 31ISCELLA.NEOUS SALES Three Six Weeks. Weeks. is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. is 10d. ... 3s. Od ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. id. ... ss, Od. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

ARTICLES FOUND

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19030116_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
nontesitir otrbants, ett

WANTED. COOK.GliNglIA.L.—Apply Iri. FITZBRow Shirley. Athton Drive. Hunt's Ctoss, Liverpool.

NiTANTUD COOK GLINBRAL. 30 to 40; two in funily.— V Write 8., 19, Stookpert-road, Ashton-under-Lyne.

WA.NTED tIENIIRXL SERVANT ; small house; home cornforte.—Write giving full pertion'are, INGER, 3. Sunnyaide,

NVANTED a COUNTRY GIRL 16 to 18, to assist in V general housework,fond of children.-404, EDGESIDE, Newchurch, Rossendale.

WANTED (313fIRRAL, clean. reepectaole girl; £1.3 reference rAquired.—Mra.VlOKEßS, 6,oonntess-atreet; BUIEtOII-001d, Stockport.

--- WANTS°, flood CI-M4BiAL3 18 to 25 ; references.— lII.3IE'S SERVANTS REGISTRY. 148, Lytham-road, South Shore, Blackpool. "

WANTHD PLAIN COOK or good Cook-General, House- maid kept ; wages £2O to £22.—Apply MRS. DRAKE. KilmOtey, Brooklands, Cheshire. ANTBD HOUSBNIAID-WAITIZNIIS, Ceol,-General. two Generals —Apply Mrs. HARRISON'S, Registry Office, 314, klosslev-road, Aahton-under-Lyne

WANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT : three in family ; state wages and referettee.—LoWATEß, 17, -street Nottingham, Mansfield Grove, Addison,

VTANTED m GENERAL SERVANT for Far House, able to wash find iron. Good wages given.—Apply Mrs. ROECOE, Eirkly Mill, Kirkly, near Liverpool. ANTED, Good GENERA.L SERVAIQT to cook, wash W and iron ; threft in family, one bby four years old.— H annrsoN. Kinclocah, Church-road. Urmaton.

tiOOD UOOK i',Su • Temporaiy Cooks, Housekeepers and General3.2Mrs. RIBCHIESTER'S Registry 20 Great Avenham-street, Preston. NvANTBD. a thoroughly Experienced GENERAL SERVANT ; good w%gee ; no washing.—Apply by letter, Mrs. J LAYMICTE, Mobs Cross, Wigan.

WANTBD, 91 once. Cook-Gencrnls, Generals and Gina; situations waiting ; good wage'; stamp reply.— fIEATMCOTE'S REGIbTRI, Whetley-larie, Bradford. - --- _ (LL CLASSRS OF SE vuntry o RVANTS ready from r ..a.. town,public and private.—Call or write MISS EisnßisoN's (only office) 6, Oldham-It., Manchester. listab- 1862

WANTBD COOK GBNBRAL for doctes small Louse- hold : age 20 to 30 ; eoeatry villaß ; two other maids kept.—Mrs. FLETCHER COLLINS, Bomber Bridge. Nr Prestoa.

'IA RS. ISM) requires thorough and good Plain Cooks. Mil Housemaid Waitresses at once, Kitchenmaids and Superior Generals -SELECT BEG fr, Rusholme,Manchester. LIXPBRIBNCTID Male and Female NUKSIIS at a LI moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INErrirn- 'rim 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephoae 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses." -- _ TV between in February, COOK. thoroughly good, between 30 and 40, where kitchen•maid is kept ; experienced in managing.—kpply by letter, Mrs. Onaur..En Jonv.s, Allerton Beeches, Liverpool. ALL CLASFES OF SITUATIONS, private and public, good homes, excellent wages ; places in town, country and seaside.—lN rite to HARRISON'S, OLDEST EsTARLISICED REGISTRY 6, Oldham-st Manchester. _____-------

EISTIt'

COOKS WANTED £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitresbes £lB to £22, Genet' £lB to £O, Girls £l4, excellent places. Ns connection with any other offtee.—Write to HABEIsoN'e. 6, Oldham et., Manchester. • MIS. CLARKE'S REGISTRY, STOCKPORT.—WANTS COOK. GENERAL'i, 'HOUSEMAIDS, Generals for public. Generals for small families, no washing; Experienced UpP .er Housemaid £26 at liberty, Housemaid £2O

===== 0002601_19030116_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A: anteb.

rl,O SHOPKBIIPFIRS wanting to retail MACKINTOSH'S TOFF .—This TOFFIV3 is largely advertised and the demand is growing and increasing. If you have difficulty in geting supplies, write direct to our manufactory and we will _make the nec,ssary arrangements with the Wholesalers in your district for a regular supply. If you wish to do more trade, don t neglect to stocK this line—it will *give satisfac- tint, to your customers and bring them again.—Address, JOHN MACKINTOSH, Ltd., Toffee Mills, Halifax. York:, PSTON.—St Mary's Infants.— ASSISTANT MIS- TRESS (Art. 50) ; pply VICAR.

,TAMP Collections wanted, highest prices paid ; lists free. NOCIEIII, 100, Longley-road, Tooting, London.

A.NTRD, BABY GIRL; good home ; terms 5 od.rate, —Address Mrs. RIDOwtY, 15, Lawton-street, Crewe.

VV earned Wanted ; enpyinw work; 15s and upwaris earned in spare time.---6tanaped address to WELDON, 1, Fleet-street, Hull.

WANTED, a steady THAMS‘I4.N must be able to ploueh ; to live in.—JAM) s WITERWORTH Gars- weld. near Wlizan.

ADOPTION —Lady offers Home tor Baby, with ~tare state tram, reference.—lik,BEßTs, The 011ves, 9, Park-road, Colywn Bay,

W-......_ — ---- RITHILS Wanted. copying vrark 15s. and upwards earned in spare time.—Send stamped address to WFLDON, 1, Fle,A-afreet, Hull. -----_—_------_

LIIIISIGNI STAMP/I.—Small collections or loose stamps wast,d, Roost condition, splendid price gi sten. —FRED lITT,L, Warbreck-road. Aintree. Tif.7l NI AlltilßD COUPLH. respeltable, no family, would like 4 to adopt Infant (entirely as own).—Nirs. NOLAN, 75, Warwick-street. Huline, Manchester. —,—

Ty v.xnterl. riat.et 1848, £2 giv.n ; nlso Arptic Rpri River,Firket, A.thara,Matebele, Mashona. Fenian said. &c.—Major TOMB 9. Droitwich, _

_ ANlfin AN ENERGRTIE) MAN, as ASSURANCE COLLROTOR, £l. s.tary and comroission.—Apply 3 HORSEMARIKET CHAIM/SERA, WArringtOn, B CAIN, Superintendent.

qlO IN3EIItA.'4ON AGENT etc., in Warrington and other Cheshire Towns. Superiptendents Wanted. Geod salary and oommission• ecurity requirkai.— ARTISANS " 3 Sibell-street, Chester LIULLY T3AINED HOSPITAL NURSES available at any I time, day or night. for medical, surgical, mental,fever, accouchrnent, and massage clasps. —Apply MATRON, Insti- tute for trained nurses, Wigan .—Telegraphic address " Nuitests " Wigan.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TO be 7UL

PrIAPKET-STBEET, good SHOP with HousP2so. PERKETH.—Cottages cls Od., 3s. 91. and ao. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MAWKET ST.ZEET Apply ROBERT LowE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' yington. Telpphone--No 55. LI OUSE TO LET Derby-street. rent 4s. 6d.—Apply WOODS .1 O. & Sore, Folteitors. Warrington.

_ 910 LIST.—GOOD VILLA with 4 Bedrooms.roomy and con- venient.—Apply Thomas Harding, Orford-road, Pad- wife-lane, Warrington.

rro LET GOOD HOUSE, (3 bedrooms) off BEW:01Y- .1. ROAD, rent •Is 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SON. Solicitor Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

--- ITICTORIA BUILDINGS, HIGH-STRERT, RUNCORN.— First doer offices, large lofty rooms ; advantageous post- tion.—LzscH, 44, High-street, Runcirn.

MEKSRY CIiA.MBERi, 60, HIHN-STREHT, RUNCORN. Large office on first floor, fac'ng street, immediate possession ; m darate rent.—LEACH, 44, High-st , Runcorn, 71 BRIDGE-STROUT, RUNCORN.- TO BE LET, SHOP- and large roomy house, good business locality, oppo site Market-piece, rent moderate ; immediate possession.— LEACH, BeTATE AGENT, 44, High-street, Runcorn.

--- qlO LBT, STAKE and COACHIIOUSE. with lofts ove 1 large yardlattaehed off Tanners Lane.—Apply WOODS It SOS SOliCitOrl. bp. Iforseaaarketstree Warringtan•

TO BB LBT OR SOLD.—PBNKETELnear WARRINGTON —The otd PenkPth CABINET WORKS, with sheds and other buildings, suitable for manufacturing purposes.—Apply Mr. ROBERT Lows, I, Bank-street. Warrington.

TO BB LBT, CONVIINIHNT HOUSbI and MOP, with large garden and orchard, situated in the centre of the village ef Worthenbury, 20 nainntee walk from Bangor-en- Des Station, Britable for Plumber and Glazier, or Tailor snd Draper. Possession 25th March next.—Apply ROBERT Howa.au, Broughton Hall, Malmo, Cheshire.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. FOR

ATALOGUES. COMMERCIAL PRINTING.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DEM rED GREAT BEWEFIT FROM

DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE HAJ A WORLD-WIDB REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WO3IANBIIND.

They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Aammia, Debility, Depression, Weakness. and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. Boxes 91d, is lid, 2s 9d, 4s 6d, and Ils, or under oovr from the Proprietor 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
SApartirtents, fttralsslgb ett

I.IIIATON MOOR. tihATON UHAPtil..—dry comtortable. house, dining, drawing, 4 bed, bath, w.c.. cellar, large kitchen, Venetians, gas fixings, large garden, £2B ; one EN in Hawthorn Grove, No. 20.—Apply MRS SMITH, Mat- h).* Villa, 96, Heaton Moor-road, Stockport.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Otiutatton.

NEWTON-1,13 - WILLOWS.—KIRKFIELD BODING and DAY 34JHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- tion to principals.

UPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING sCIIOOL FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D S HENNAED. B.A.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
eggs, Voultrp,

PUI-W-1310D Buff Orpington's ; Eggs 33 per doz. (unfer- tile replaced); Chickens from 6s per doz. List sent.— NIGHTING ALE, Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

31?0r5e5. &rrtagrO, Ewe g&tork,

===== 0002601_19030116_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
barto.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
3sllsrelianous, On Spalts, err.

".7 GOLD-BD&B Visiting Cards in nes' posket case, Oki h.—CLARK. Printer, Long Baton.

6 EICZHDOOMO ' the only certain cure known for Hczema 14 ls Itd.—TuRNER, Chemist, Ashbourne-road. Derby,

SALVULO chemically Yireproof anything. Sample and instructions, 6d.—CLARKE s, 103 Peckham Rye, London.

ARMED LADLE:SA:OR fiESE'ONDENT.—Send stamped 1,1 address for particulars to Ars E WILsoN, hlddr-grove, Sheffield.

ni *0 CUltit YOUR COLD try :,UTI-lkittel' COMPOSITION ESSHNOS.—Bottles is, lid. and 26. Si, from Chemists mid titures.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
it) H. —Selected basses, cleaned ready tor Ude, 2s , 2s. 6d. I.‘ upwards. Carriage paid. Lists free —Mt TaoPoiac FISH SUPPLY Co., Grimsby.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN &SON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOHN ENRON has been over 36 Syears with Robert Garaett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDREBS :-19, THICHNR-STREr T.

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and

83, PICCADILLY, for p Artos AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GRT BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BU:iINES6

makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public "tie to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THEILd'S ONLY ONE

PIANO-SMITH IN -MANCHESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Pest Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY I ORGANS ss. Od. TILL PAID FOR. f Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Waxes. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange

YOUR MONEY-RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY,

TIMM MAY BH BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, su.d Idly goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever .you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHIISTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNIIRS SIINT TO ALL PARTS.

BRANCHIIS AT LEIGH : 35, Railway-road. T. k4FILEN3 : 99, Corporation-street.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WANT/GI), GLMBILAL ; good character ; age about 20. I' —Apply, BLACK HORSE, Congleton, WANTRD good UMBRA/. SHILVA.NT.—AppIy MERRI- DALE FARM, Burscough, Ormskirk.

CONIFOKTABLII L0Dq11,143, for one or two.youtig men no children.—Apply 17, Loa-Sr., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTIID GOOIJ-GISNIMIAL, for 3 of fanaily.—Address Mrs. BARNEB, 321 Great Ancoats-street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
IYEIN4 AN 1.) tiLifittiiNG- dine forithe Crade with die pateh.—PABLIN 8R09,1 & 2, Park St Works,lalington,N

===== 0002601_19030116_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ONLY.—Splendid Cycles built to order, £s,—MounE, Hoyeringham Neltts.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT AUSTR \LIAN REMEDY.

VITADATIO

===== 0002601_19030116_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRONIC RHEUMATISM

OF 25 YEARS STANDING, CURED BY IT.

Mount Pleasant, Newcastle, Stdfl., Jan, 28th, 191, Dear 6ir,—Sorne time ago, after trying VI i'A- DATIO for three weeks, I reported great improve- rnent in my Itheamatisrn from which I had been 010/11. suffering more or tees for 25 years. Alt Nether I took the remedy for six weeks and am now ENTIIIELY FREE from Ithetimatisme. I think this very remarkable considering my advanced age. tiigaed, E. WEST.

A MOST DISTI-OV-:•SING CASE OF • ECZEMA: ,CURED BY VITADATIO

East Road, Scotforth, Lancaster, . . February, 1900-

Dear Sir,—l have much pleasure In testifying to the benefit my wife has received from taking Webber's VITADATIO. /or many years she has been suffering front the desease Eczema which broke oat all over ker bidy, her face WAS in a very distress- ing condition, ix fact it was simply covered with spots, but after taking a course of VITADIIO the disease entirely left her, and now her face is per- fectly smooth and natural and she is also consider- ably better in health generally. You have my full permission to publish this testimonial for the benefit of other sufferers. Wishing you every success in this great business. I remain, yours faithfully, JOHN DILWORTH.

From all Chemists and Grocers. Tbe price of Medicine is 41. 6d and 2s. 9d. per bottle. For further particulars,

S PA. PAL \IR, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET.

MANCHESTER.

Corresp3nlenee Invited, Write for Testimonials.

OBTAINABLE LOCALLY FROM BOOTS, CASH

CHIMISTS.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE public is nottiow THE LONDON AND likely to be baulked GLOBE AFFAIR, of such satisfaction as may be obtained by a legal investigation of the affairs of the London and Globe Finance Corporation. A perfect storm of disapproval has been aroused by the refusal of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL to authorise a prosecu- tion by the Crown. The circumstances are such that there is a very extensive insinuation of un- worthy motives. Great names are familiarly associated with what has come to be called the London and Globe scandal; but a 3 it has become a common practice to link great names, not much importance needs to be attached to this circum- stance. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S position is ex- plicable without supposing him to be corrupt. At the sanle time, it is one that cannot be expected to meet with approval, for it; is based on the narrow principle that the Crown is not called upon to interfere in any case of this nature un- less its legal advisers have satisfied themselves that a Jonviction will certainly be secured. This is to shut the door with a clang in the face not only of the London and Globe shareholders, but practically of all those who have been losars in a similar way, and by a like method of finance. To satisfy himself that there must certainly be a con- viction, the ATTORNEY-GENERAL must try the case beforehand, which is ogviously impossible. His position is, surely, much the same as that of a grand jury. What he has to decide is blot the question of guilty or not guilty, but whether there is enough evidence to go before a court. To take a severer view than thiA of his responsibilities in such a case is to constitute himself an obstacle to judicial investigations that may be necessary in the.. public interest.

Those who have followed the London and Globe revelations must have asked themselves with some surprise what evidence the Attorney-General would require before permitting a Crown prosecu- tion if the evidence in this Case is deemed to be insufficient. No doubt many things are said that it might not be possible to prove. It is not in- conceivable that the heads of the Loudon and Globe Corporation may have been astute enough to iep the letter of the law on their side, but it islet least highly unlikely ; and if they have been so ingenious as to do this,it may well be doubted whether there are any circumstances under which the law is really able to protect the investor. For That is it that appears to have taken place P It is alleged, on grounds certainly worthy of investigation, and, indeed, quite as certainly dPrnanding it, that the Lon- don and Globe Corporation maintained its credit by a process of shifting its liabilities from one account to another. New ventures were

===== 0002601_19030116_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NIMPI

===== 0002601_19030116_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
called in being for the express purpose, it would seem, of making it possible to successfully misre- present the position of companies already in •existence and beyon I help by any less exception- able means. An apparent stock of cash in hand was obtained by a sale of shares which were to b 'bought back, immediately the balance-sheet had 'been passed. Lord DUFZERIN and Lord Loon, men of high mind and character, were so trustful, ,or little careful of their responsibilities as mem- bers of the bard, that they signed a statement to the effect that as the Corporation was in a position to pay a 'regular dividend of 10 per cent. anything over this would be given as a bonus. The shares would then, said the directors,"be taken out of the speculative category and soon be classed as an investment security,from which the proprietors can count on receiving a specific return .with an unfailing regularity." This statement was sent out with the balance-sheet. It had, of course, no foundation in fact. If 10 per .cent were to be obtained with unfailing regularity we should all hasten to invest in a concern offering such golden opportunities. It may be the op;nio n of the Attorney-General that things of this kind can be done without an actual breach of the law. That would be a strong case for further legisla- tion; but in the meantime the average man will refuse to believe that the law is so ineffective as Sir ROBERT FINLAY'S decision seems to suggest; and he will affirm that in any case:that inefiective- nessshould be demonstrated in court. if only to provethe necessity for a further addition to Mae statutes.

_ However, the London and Globe affair will now be brought into the courts without doubt. The promoters of the two actions, one against the directors of . the Corporation and one against Ma. WHITAKER WRIGHT individually, have coalescea, and a fund i 9 accumulating for the purpose of pro viding the necessary expenses of prosecution. When a sum of £5,000 has been raised an applica- tion will at once be made to the High Court, and the public will then be relieved of the pain of thinking that such proceedings as are charged in this instance may be freely indulged in without risk of legal investigation and punishment. That the necessary funds will be forthcoming there can be little doubt. Many of those who have suffered loss will say that it is useless to throw good money after bad. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S veto must be apt to produce that kind of depressed convic- tion. But there are, we imagine, more than enough determined men among the aggrieved shareholders to see this thing through.

THE practical arid admitted failure of the crusade against pirated music affords the most vivid illustration in modern times of the truth o' the saying about driving a coach and four through any Act of Parliament. If ever a measure looked certain to carry into effect the wishes of its pro- moters it was the Musical Copyright Act of last session. In fact, there were many by no means averse to the protection of a man's property in the product of his own brain who considered its pro- visions dangerously drastic. Yet a single decision of the High Court, and a better organization among the printers and vendors of pirated music —somewhat on the principle of those thieves who used to hang together lest they should hang separately—and the Act on which the music publishers placed such reliance, has become almost, if not quite a dead letter. The men who offer copyright pieces for twopence in the atreets of London, humble as they look, have their scouts on the watch, and if an agent of the Musical Publishers' Protection Society appears in the street the word is passed, and every unauthor- ised copy in the neighbourhood disappears as if bY magic. Then, to avoid the necessity of having any large stock on hand, the sellers have lately taken to circularising quiet suburban neighbour- hoods, and, in fact, calling for orders. Similarly, if a pirated issue is traced to its place of origin,the printer is now found provided with an agree- ment leasing part of his premises to some person who is represented as the real culprit, and who is, •of course, a man of straw, against whom, even if he can be found, it would be utterly idle to take proceedings. The whole business illustrates sadly the limitations of the effectiveness of Parlia- mentary action.

TEE British Commercial Agent at Mexico, ie. his report on the year's trade of the Republic, takes up the old parable. British traders might do very well in Mexico, though the United States of course, must be expected to take the largest share of business. Yet, however much the trade of the country increases, the imports from the 'United Kingdom decrease, for the reason, says the report, that British manufacturers and mer- chants in general will not adopt more modern Methods. For instance, in the competition With Germany it is found that though german articles are admittedly of inferior quality tb British, their style and finish are such „as to compare with goods of British origin cost- ing twice the amount. Again, it is stated that german makers are far more ready than English to accept any suggestions made to them,either by their own agents or by clients, who are often More in touch with the requirements of the country, and are eager to see new and improved articles placed upon the market, not only for their "11 benefit, but also for that of their fellow- countrymen. It is also suggested that English Merchants might profitably follow the example of the Americans in sending numerous agents to push ilst sale of their wares,especially as while a know- ledge of §panish is desirable ic is not as neces- sary as former 4, English having so far come into Use as to be understood by the greater number of those employed in commerce. British trade is further impeded, it ib suggested,by extreme care- lessness on the part of the home merchants in consigning goods or in declaring their character under the Mexican tariff, the result being often a delay of six 'months. We are getting used to this sort of lecture, perhaps,and it does not disturb our complacency as it should. Still some thanks ard due to our representatives abroad who tell us so candidly of oar faults.

• Compliments are so seldom paid to Warrington ,_om outside that it is a pleasure to find "The Nethodist Weekly" devoting a leading article to a review of the booklet on The Beginnings of Total Abstinence," recently quoted by us, and pay- ing enthusiastic tribute to Warrington's record as the birthplace of the Temperance Movement. ;This journal says :—"The famous seven men of Preston alre to be cast down from their pedestal. They aid not constitute the first Total Abstinence Society. A pamphlet by Mr. Arthur Mounfield, just issued, puts the disputed matter for ever at rest by documentary evidence. Henceforth the laurels must be taken from Preston, and placed Upon the brows of Warrington. There are three things to rejoice over, despite our sorrow for un- crowned Preston. First, the Methodists had a first hand in this great movement; second, that 'Quakers had the honour of origination ; and third, that Manchester gave the movement its 6xst great invetus, , . Warrington may hold up its head on high, and when England becomes teetotal, as God grant it may, it will hold its head up still higher."

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS POSTAL SOIREE. The staff of the Newton-le-Willows Post Office held thei r 2nd annual soiree in the Town Hall, Newton, on AVednesday evening. The room was tastefully decorated With plants,lent by Mr. Sydney Smith. There were about 40 couples present,and diming was commenced to the strains of Mr. J. Lewis Band at 9 o'clock, and kept up till a late hour. Songs were rendered at in- tervals by several of the dancers. The duties of M.C. ere ably carried out by Messrs. R. Ratliffe and H. ~..t.mmer. The catering was in charge of Mrs. Davies of Hlgh-street4mdswaa everything that could be desired.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES,.

REV. FATHER CHAMBERS.

The Rev. Father Chambers, of St. Edwards' Catholic Church, Runcorn, has been appointed Rector of St. Werburgh's, Chester, in succession to the late Rev. Canon Lynch. He will leave Runcorn at the end of the present month.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDENT DEATH OF A WOMAN,

The death has been reported to the policc of Mrs Breadman, aged 48, of 43, Stanley-street, Runcorn. Her husband, who is an engine driver in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, went to bed at nine o'clock on Friday night leaving deceased and two chil- dren downstairs. Later in the night he was awakened by his wife coughing. She said, "Oh, hold my head up, lam choking." He jumped out of bed and held her head up. She died in his arms. Dr. Delaney was sum- moned to the house. He had been attending deceased for sometime for heart disease.

"Y" BRANCH .OF THE RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPER- ANCE ASSOCIATION.

The. monthly meeting of the above society was held on Wednesday in Ellesmere-street school which was kindly lent for the occasion. Mrs. Morris presided and said that it was not self-interest or ambition that made people devote their energy to this work, but love for fellow creatures. Miss Marple of Birkenhead, told how she became a worker again t the national curse of a Christian nation and urged the members to do likewise. Mrs. Anders and Miss Ryalls gave recitations, Mrs. V. Ellison sang, and the Misses Handley gave a pianoforte due'. The singing of the Temperance Doxology brought the meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIM FOR COAL

Before his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C., at the Runcorn County Court on Tuesday, the Wigan Coal and Iron Company claimed .e 4 from William Henry Charlesworth for coal. Mr. Brandreth agent for the plaintiff company said the defendant formerly lived in Runcorn. He purchased coal from them, and an account for 24 14s. 6d. was rendered to him. He had discharged the 14s. 6d.—Defendant said that in 1900 his brother bought the business from him, and purchased the coal from the plaintiff company. It was stated that defend- ant had been to South Africa with the Runcorn Volunteer Special Company.—Judgmcnt was given, for the plaintiffs.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OUTBREAK OF SM ALL-POY.

Two cases of small-pox have occurred in the Runcorn district. It will be remembered that the man Howarth, who was found to be suffering from the disease at St. Helens; had previously stayed at a lodging-house in Fryer-street, Runcorn. Every precaution was taken to prevent a further spread of the disease, but notwith- standing the prompt action of the authorities two further cases have occurred. The first is that of • a casual labourer who has been staying at the house for about seven months. He has been removed to the hospital, and the proprietor of the - house has been warned to keep the place closed to further lodgers for the present. The second case is that of an inmate of the Runcorn Union Workhouse. He recently visited the same lodging-house and returned to the Workhouse. He was on Sunday to be suffering from the disease, and he was removed to the small-pox hospital at Moore. The Workhouse has been closed.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORRESPOND EN r].

I am very pleased to be able to chronicle the fact that Mr. William Cooke, 45, Waterloo-road, Runcorn, son of Mr. Thomas Cooke, relieving officer, has been admitted a Fellow of the Royal College of Organists after exam- ination. As is well known, the tests are of a most searching character, and Mr. Cooke is to be congratu- lated for conferring this distinguished honour upon the town. In view of the increasing interest that is being taken in music, thel following particulars will prove interesting :—The Diploma states: "We, the Board of examiners appointed by the Royal College of o:ganislx, hereby certify that we have duly examined Mr. William Cooke in the theofy and practice of music according to the highest standards adopted for the College examina- tions and we declare him to be fully qualified to exer- cise the profession and duties of an organist." The examiners were Sir George C. Martin, M.V.0., Mus. Doc., St. Paul's Cathedral; C. J. Frost, Esq., Mus. Doe., St. Peter's Church, Brockley ; C. H. Lloyd, Esq., M.A., Mus. Doc., Eton College; W. S. Hoyte, Esq., F.R.C.0., All Saints', Margaret-street, Londpn; E. H. Turpin,Esq., Mus. Doc., London; H. A. 'Harding, Esq., Mus. Doc., Bedford, and C. W. Pearce, Esq., Mus. Doc., chairman.

The examination is practical and theoretical, consist- ing of a performance on the organ, of Bach's Prelude wad Fugue in D major; Allegro Moderato in A by Dr. Hopkins, and Gustave Merkel's Introduction and Fugue in G major. The other requirements at the organ were accompanying a psalm, playing from a vocal score at sight, as also an organ composition at sight, extemporiz- ing on a given subject, and the harmonizing of a melody. The paper work comprised exercises in Florid Counterpoint, a Fugal exposition, the arranging of a muSical excerpt, for full orchestra, the harmonization of melodies, and of an unfigured Ground Bass, and mis- cellaneous questions on musical history, form, organ construction, acoustics, orchestration, choir training,&c. Mr. Cooke was prepared for the examination by Dr. J.C. Bridge, M.A., organist of Chester Cathedral. Mr. Cooke is organist and choirmaster of All Saints' Church, Sutton Oak, St. Helens, and formerly held a similar appointment at St. Paul's Church, Widnes.

It is satisfactory to note that the Penrhyn Choir raised over £5O by their week end concerts at the Public I-rall. Mr. S. Taylor and Mr. F. J. Norman pre- sided at the concerts, both gentlemen referring to the origin of the struggle and hoping that some means would be found to bring about a settlement.

The small-pox has actually broken out at -Runcorn and at Dutton Workhouse. As far as can be ascertained at time of writing there have been no further develop- ments. The authorities appear to have taken every precaution to prevent the spread of the disease and it can only be hoped that their efforts may prove successful.

An interesting discussion in connection with the small-pox case at the Workhouse took place at the Board of Guardians meeting held at the Daresbury Sessional House on Tuesday. It was made quite clear that at the time MF. Cooke gave the man an order to the house he was in ignorance of the fact that the man had come from the lodging house in Fryer-street re- cently visited by a person suffering from small-pox. The Urban Council are to be asked to notify Mr. Cooke of any further outbreaks that may take place.

The Halton and Weston water supply is still under consideration, and the Urban Council are to 'be asked by the Rural Council to furnish certain particulars con- sidered necessary. The question is by no means finished with yet.

The committee appointed to consider the plans of the proposed Isolation Hospital near Dutton seem to be very favourably impressed with one which would cost £6,600. The hospital is really a necessity and, when additional details are forthcoming from the architect, tho plans will no doubt be passed and the work speedily commenced.

FOOTBALL. Saturday's game with Bradford as visitors will live

===== 0002601_19030116_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
- I , --- - -

wa.S!

===== 0002601_19030116_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 16, 1903. NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOW N.

pIINCORN UNION-NOTICE. A. CASE OF SSIALL.PDX htsnnz been reported from Ws Ituneor Union Workhouse. at Dutton, NO VISITORS WILL /38

ADMITTeiII TUlittlilff until FURTHatt eiofloll. By Order, • GBO F. ASHITON. Clerk to the Guardians. Clerk's Office, Runcorn, 12th January. 1932

N.OUNTY BOROUGH. OF ST. R ELE IS. k. The Corporation of St. Helens are prepared to accept LOA.Wei ON CHP•iSIT, repayable at three months' notice Ott either side, at th• following rates 01 interest : Bums of £2O up to £1,600 at 3 per cent Do. £l.ooi and upwards at 31 Interest payable half-yearly.

NO. BROWN. Borough TremorPr

long in the annals of the Runcorn Club. It was a magnificent struggle from start to finish; and there can be no doubt that the home team were the superiors. At

half-time Bradford led by a score that seeined impos- sible to equalise, and the hopes of Runcorn's supporters were down at zero. But the visitors fell away in a most unexpected manner, while the Linnets set ,about their work in workmanlike fashion, with the result that the Bradford contingent were smitten hip and thigh. The two penalty goals of the visitors were splendidly placed and were beauti- ful kicks. In the front rank Bradford were the superior—a defect more than counterbalanced by the additional smartness of the home backs. Houghton was a trifle eff form, but on the whole played a good game. Jolley, Jones, Richardson and Butterworth were the pick of a thoroughly hard-working combined team.

Quite a scare has been occasioned in Earlestown by the outbreak of small-pox, one case being reported to the authorities on Tuesday. It is, however, described as of a modified type, still every precaution is being taken to prevent the contagion spreading. Until the patient can be removed to an Isolation Hospital, the hous3 where he resides has been placed in quarantine, and nobody but the Sanitary Inspector is allowed to v;sit it. The patient paid a visit to Bolton about a fortnight ago, and it is supposed he contracted disease whilst there. He, however, never suspected, when he began to sicken, that he was affected with the com- plaint, but continued at his work until Saturday last, and even on Saturday night attended a meeting of Druids, of which he is secretary. On Sunday he was worse and had to remain in bed, and on Monday medical aid was summoned, but it was not until Tuesday that the case WAS properly diagnosed as small-pox, and then the trouble began.

The District Council had no place to remove him to, and application to various towns where there are Isola- tion Hospitals showed a disinclination on the part of the authorities to receive the case. What to do with the man the District Council are at a loss to know, but they are stirring themselves into the matter to secure some temporary accommodation. It is to be hoped, however, for the sake of the inhabitants, that no further cases will arise, otherwise the result may be serious. I suppose an Isolation Hospital will at last be found a necessity, and every effort will be made to erect one without delay.

re-arranged so that some of the half-crowns could be paved?

Mr. Woodward said that while he believe 1 invaccina-

tion in the interests of public health he beii..wed there was considerable abuse of the power conferred by the Act. It was manifestly unfair for a doctor who vaccinated several persons in one house to charge the maximum fee for each. The relieving officers' fees were: Mr. Cooke. £lO 7s. sd. ; Mr. Riley, £4 9s. 4d.; Mr. De Prez, £5 3s. Gd. ; maintenance of orphans at Pantasuph, £24 18s. 2d. ; the Brothers of Charity, Rochdale, £7 16s. ; maintenance of pauper lunatics, £345 4s. id. The general statement showed a balance of £926 2s.

THE PROPOSED RE-ARRANGEMENT OF MEETINGS. The committee appointed to consider as to the future • meetings of the District Council and for re-arrangement of the meetings of committees, recommended that, in future the District Council shall meet monthly and that the Board of Guardians shall, on the day on which the District Council meet, only transact such business as • relates to relief, and that the general business of the Board be considered once a month only. A number of • recommendations for the meetings were submitted. I Mr. Woodward said that he considered the matter should be discussed at a fully representative meeting and proposed that its consideration be deferred until they got back to Dutton. I This proposal was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

The fortnightly meeting of this Rural Council was held on Tuesday in the Daresbury Petty Sessional Court. Present:—Messrs. J. Knowles (in the chair), and S. Woodward (vice-chairman), C. Roylance, E. Clarke, J. Stokes, J. Whitlow, T. Darlington, T. Bax ter, C. E. Linaker, J. Moseley-Williams, T. Lewis, W. H. Bradford, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, J. F. Collier, G. Pilling, P. Gleave, C. Bretherton, J. Edwards, J. Spruce, R. Billington, J. Mounttleld, T. Antwiss, with Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), Dr. Adams (medical °dicer), W. Swinton and J. Diggle (surveyors) W. Farrington (inspector).

THE SMALL-PDX CASE AT WESTON.

Arising out of the minutes Mr. Roylance asked whether the:house at Weston had been attended to,and inspected daily since the last meeting. The Clerk replied in the affirmative. PREVENTING THE SPREAD OF DISEASE.

Mr. S. B. Provis, secretary to the Local Government Board wrote enclosing copies of an amended order re- ferring to the regulations made by the Board to prevent the spread of cholera, yellow fever, and plague by the display of suitable night signals—copies of which had beeu sent to Urban Councils, Rural Councils, and Port Sanitary Authorities. _ _

The *Clerk said the communication had 15 een for- warded to the medical officer. THE LIGHT RAILWAY PROBLEM.

The following communication was received from the Board of Trade with reference to the Warrington Cor- poration Light Railway Order and Warrington and Northwich Light Railway Order: With reference to the objections lodged by youito the confirmation of the above Order, I am directed by the Board of Trade to inform you that they propose to take the Order into consideration at this office on Tuesday, 27th January, at twelve o'clock, when an opportunity will be given to objectors or their representatives of being heard in sup- port of their objections. The Clerk of the County Council wrote on'January 9th with a similar intimation and stating that he intend- ed appearing by Counsel (Mr. Trevor Lloyd) in support of the amendments to the Order. He presumed he (the clerk) would also arrange to attend in support. The Clerk said he had telephoned that the Council were quite prepared to support theaction of the County Council provided the general clauses the County Council asked for were granted. After discussion it was resolved that the Council would support the County CouncilAhrough Mr. Trevor Lloyd.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. MOSLEY-WILLIAMS NOTICE OF MOTION.

Mr J. Moseley-Williams in accordance with notice of motion moved" that the resolution of the Council passed on the 21st October last deferring the carrying out of the report of the Thelwall Sewerage Committee of that date be rescinded." _ _

-- - Mr. Williams said he did not intend to move the motion. There had been no report from the County Council so that they did not know what to do yet with the Thelwall matter. _ _

The Medical Officer said that the withdrawal and the sewerage works arrangements could not be gone onwith. He wished to call in an engineer. The Council were really barring the way. A discussion enstted Mr. Williams withdrawing his notice of motion. THE ISOLATION HOSPITAL.

Mr. Woodward said that the committee had the plans of the proposed hospital before them that morning. One was n very elaborate one to cost £13,000. The other which was £6,600 seemed more suitable for the needs of the district and the architect had been requested to furnish further details.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HALTON AND WESTON WATER SUPPLY

Mr. Woodward said that the committee to inquire into the Halton and Weston water supply had resolved to apply to the Runcorn Urban Council under section 28 of the Runcorn Commissioners Act, 1893, for the prices of the water mains, etc., in Weston and 'Talton. He said the question of supply was an important one and the committee, he thought, had adopted the wisest plan. THE MEDICAL _OFFICER'S_ !REPORT.

The Medic-al Officer said that with respect to the small-pox outbreak everything was being done to pre- vent the spread of the disease, and he detailed corres- pondence which had passed between himself and medical practitioners, and others relating to preventive measures.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MRS. CHARLES HARE-

HURST, RUNCORN.

Our readers will regret to hear of the death, which took place on Sunday afternoon, of Mrs. Cnarles Hazle- hurst, of Halton Grange, Runcorn. The deceased lady who was in her 72nd year, had been in failing health for some time and had been attended by Dr. McDougall. Her 'final illness dated from about a month ago. She was connected with two of the oldest and first families in Runcorn. He father, the late Mr. Philip Whiteway, was a leader in the public life of the town for many years, and her husband, the la:.e Mr. Charles Hazlehurst, occupied an equally high position. He was one of the proprietors of Messrs. Hazlehurst, and Sons' Soap Works, founded by his father, Mr. Thomas Hazlehurst, sen., and now owned by the United Alkali Company. The two families ware long and intimately associated with the principal industries of the town, and had a high reputation throughout tle district. The late Mrs. Hazlehurst always took a deep interest in the affairs of the town, and the extent of her unostentatious philanthropy will probably never be known. She gave freely to all deserving institutions' and the town is greatly the poorer by her death. She attended the Parish Church for many years; and was a staunch sup- ported of all the good work done both here and at Holy Tririty Church. Her death is generally deplored. When the news was received the flag over Messrs. Hazle- hurst's works was hung at half-mast. The deceased lady leaves three children, Mr. Charles Whiteway Hazle- hurst, Miss Julia Ann Hazlehurst, and Mrs. Edward.V. Rayner. ' THE FUNERAL.

On Wednesday the remains were interred in the family vault at Runcorn Cemetery. The vault had been specially decorated with white flowers and evergreens. Service was conducted in the church by the Rev. Canon A. M. Wood assisted by the Rev. R. C. Whiteway. The Parish Church Choir was in attendance and sang Psalm xc., and the hymn "Lead kindly light." At the grave- side the concluding rites were performed by the Vicar, and the choir gave a beautiful rending of the hymn "Now the labourer's task is o'er." The solemn cere- mony was witnessed by hundreds of spectators. Among the friends present were :—Messrs. J. W. Lightburn, S. Taylor. J.P.. W. Handley, F. J. Norman, J.P.,:S. Pope, J. R. Frith, A. Lightburu, J. H. Weston, W. Grice, F. Beck, S. Percival, R. Collinge, R. W. Harrop, R. Morris, 'Tames Lea, D. H. Jones, J. Horsfleld, R. Collinge, Charles Kirkham (Aston), James Mort, G. Pritchard, B. Savage, W. Shaw (Mersey Mission to Sea- men). W. Hankinson, E. Gregory, G. Brnuelow, William and Charles Bell, W. H. Chadwick, G. Acton, W.Sterton, J. Speed, C. Hardy, Heesom, Moss, Carter, the Revs. A. Wells, C. R. Killick, F. S. Thetford, J. Unsworth aud Greenhalgh, H. R. Carter, Dr. Robinson. . The chief mourners included Major Hazlehurst (son), Messrs. G. Lloyd Wigg, E. V. Rayner (son-in-law). C. Ha zlehnrst jun., E. Wigg (grandsons), E Rayner' C. Pink, Dr. McDougall. Rev. R. C. Whiteway. and Rev. AV. S. Scholes, Messrs. Tom Shaw, W. W. Gossage, E. Keen. H. Keen, N. Derbyshire, R. Morris, H. A. Greaves, Dr. Lees, R. Statter, J. H. Salkeld, Davies, J. Royden, A. Brundrit. Dr. Burton, and Mr. Steele. _ _ .

here was a large nuraber of beautiful wreaths.

CRAWFORD'S

"T OTHIAN"

SHORTBREAD

===== 0002601_19030116_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

• A more miserable day for-football could not very well be imagined than last Saturday. Rain and sleet fell in torrents, and as the afternoon advanced, the wind commenced to blow strongly, which made matters infinitely worse. Nevertheless very fair crowd of enthusiasts put in an appearance to witness the encounter between Earlestown and Workington. Fancy travelling all the way -from Workington to wallow for an hour and a half in a veritable slough of despond. What the players thought about it I don't know, but the spectators derived any amount of amusement from the impromptu actions of the players. Football there really was none, but Earles- town who played down hill, peppered away at the Workington goal, the custodian of which was for the occasion invincible. Try as they would the Earlestown players could not get the ball past him, although they had numerous tries. On one occasion the Workington goal-keeper in saving a shot, fell with the ball in his hands, andalthough a crowd of players were round him, all trying to kick the ball into the net, he refused to loose his hold, and finally threw the ball away and it was cleared. It was a marvellous piece of work.

In the second half of the game Earlestownhad to face the hill, and the wind having risen,they had a double disadvantage,the rain and sleet blowing in their faces. Darkness came on rapidly and it was surprising that the referee did not stop the game. The players pegged away,but neither side scored until about 20 minutes off time, when Workington scored easily and a few minut3s afterwards scored a second paint. Finally with about 10 minutes still to play the referee stopped the game owing to the darkness.

To-morrow (Saturday), Earlestown are at home to Staleybridge Rovers, and it is hoped for this occasion they will have a fine day. A new goal keeper, a full back, and a forward on the left wing are being tried, anatwo points should certainly be added to Earlestown's poor record.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD 3F GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was held at the Daresbury Sessions House on Tuesday Present: Messrs. J. Stokes (in the chair) A. R. Nor- man (vice-chairman) Dr. Gastaldi T. Wood, T. Lea, the memners of the R.D.C. with Messrs. G. F. Ashton. (Clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk) T. Cooke, W. DePrez and T. Riley (relieving officers).

===== 0002601_19030116_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLACE OF MEETING.

The Chairman said that the circumstances which had brought them together in that building were to be very much deplored. He was sure they would all join in an expression of sympathy with the Master of the Work- house, and his family, and also the inmates. He had been making inquiries and had been told that the small-pox case that had broken out in the house constituted a grave danger. The man had been in an affected condition for days before he was pronounced affected. That made the case still more serious as the men's department in the House was in a very crowded condition. He prayed that the scourge would pass away without making any further ravage for they all knew what a dreadful disease it was. At the last meeting of the Council in thanking the officials for taking such prompt measures he omitted to mention the name of Dr. McDougall. He was glad to learn that as soon as he knew of the danger he took all the necessary steps.

THE INMATES TREAT POSTPONED.

Mr. Norm-an said he understood that the treat by the ladies to the inmates would now have to be postponed. The Clerk replied that the ladies' committee had already been notified that the treat would have to be postponed.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SMALL-PDX IN THE WORKHOUSE.

Mr. Norman said ii;ai,-re;;:tiiWi";ibe-;".;13 of small- pox he hurried to the meeting of the House Committee to gather information. Could the clerk give any in- formation as to the exact state of the House and what was being done at Dutton regarding the inmates? The Clerk in reply read the following report : The Rock, Frodsham, January 10th. 1903.—Dear sir,— I beg to inform you that a case of small-pox has been discovered in the Workhouse to-day, such case having been contracted about December 26th at Wooditne's lodging-house at Runcorn, where the patient (Samuel Walker) had slept. I saw the patient off to Moore Smallpox Hospital about 4 p.m. to-day. Have had all

contaCt cases iaccinated, mid taken every other pre- caution possible. It will not be advisable to have the ladies' entertainment on the 14th inst., and all dis- charges from, andall visitors to the Workhouse must be stopped for a period of 18 days.—l an yours faithfully, T. J. SELBY, M.B. Mr. Ashton, clerk. January Ilth, 1903. Dear sir,—Enclosed please find copies of letter to Local Government Board and also of instructions for the prevention and spread of small-pox. Froni the letter,you will see that the Workhouse has been placed in quarantine for 18 days. This will prevent your Board meeting there, and also any entertainment being given by the Ladies' Committee. Trusting that the steps taken will have the desired effect of stamping it out at the Workhouse to the satisfaction of us all.— Yours truly T. J. SELBY, M.B. Mr. Ashton. clerk. To the President of the Local Government Board. London. January 10th, 1903. Sir.—l have the honour to report that a case of small-pox has occurred to an inmate of Dutton Workhouse in the person of Samuel Walker, aged 59 years, who has been removed to the Small-pox Isolation Hospital at Moore. All persons who have been in contact with this infected patient have been re-vaccinated, the bedding destroyed, and all necessary precautions taken to prevent the spread of this disease. The source of infection appears to have been acommon lodging-house in Fryer-street, Runcorn, where the patient stayed on the nightof December 26th, 1902.-1 have the honour to be sir' your obedient servant, THOS. J. SELBY.—Appended to this letter was a precis of the various preventive precautions taken. The Clerk said he had already advertised that visitors would not be allowed at the Workhouse. Mr. Mawdsley asked why was the infected man sent to the House? Did they think he was ill?

Mr. Cooke, relieving ollicer, said that the man was one of those Who came in and out of the House continually. He made application on Christmas Day to :to to the HOILSO mid wastold to call again. He gave him an order on Saturday following and he was put in the receiving ward, afterwards being taken to the interior of the House.

Mr. Roylance asked whether the disease manifested itself after his being removed in the interior? Mr. Cooke replied that at the time he made the order he did not know that the smallpox case at St. Helens had been traced to the house in Fryer-street. He after- wards heard that the man had been traced to Weston and the week following he heard that the man had been traced to Fryer-street, lodging-house. He did not know that Walker had been to the lodging-house. He had since refused orders to the House and sent one case to Dr. McDougall. _ _

Mr. rifawdsley asked whether the people had been vaccinated at Weston Point tint not at Runcorn? Now the people were in such, a plight the best thing to do was to let Mr. Cooke and the other officers know of any outbreak to prevent suspicious characters being sent to the Workhouse.

The Clerk pointed out that such a notification in the Runcorn area would have to go through the Runcorn Urban Council..

After further discussion, Mr. Mawdsley moved that the Urban Council be asked to notify Mr. Cooke of any fresh outbreaks.

Mr. Roylance seconded and the resolutionwas passed. Mr. Norman said that it was satisfactory to know so much was being done to stamp out the disease. The origin of small-pox was filth, and the man Walker was a likely person to contract such disease. He would like to see a law inaugurated to make it an indictable offence for a man not to be clean.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COST OF VACCINATION.

The financial report was presented by Mr. Woodward, The out-payments were as follows: Runt,orn, Frodsham, £22; Budwortb, £3O. The vaccination fee, for the quarter were as, follows: Dr. MacDougall £44 is. 9d.; Dr. Carruthers, £4 14s. 2d.; Dr. Burton £l3 16s. lid; Dr. Bower, £l4 12$. For the correspond- Fug period of 1901, 1902, 1903, the fees were £59 9s. 6d. £7l 13s. 11d., and £77 4s. 10d. _ _ _ _ _

Mr. Linaker asked whether the districts could not be

===== 0002601_19030116_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BABIBS' FOOD. ROBINSON'S Patent BARLEY, HAMS FOOD. with milk, forms a splendid BABIBS' FOOD. Food for Babies, the Patent BOHM' FOOD. Barley acting as a digestive BABIES' FOOD. of the milk. Babies cannot BABIES' FOOD, digest cow's milk alone

===== 0002601_19030116_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT RUNCORN.

• At the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday, Ellen Done, married woman, living in Penketh-lane, was charged, before Mt. E. Imison, with having attempted to commit suicide on New Year's Day, by throwing herself into the Bridgewater Canal near the Sprinch- yard, Runcorn.—The evidence showed that a boatman saw the woman walking about the canal with a bundle in her arms. After sitting on the bank about five minutes she threw herself into the canal. He gave the alarm and Joseph Harrison, foreman of postal tele- graphs, jumped into the canal and brought the woman to the side where she was brought out. A blue quilt was seen floating in the canal, and on 133ing drawn to the side a baby was found underneath.—The baby was taken to the Police Station, where Mrs. Ennion res- tored it to consciousness and the woman was taken home. On being asked why she had done such a thing, the woman replied that her husband had said the child was not his.—Prisoner was committed to the Quarter Sessions for trial, bail being allowed, herself in £lO and one surety of £5.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A CANAL BOAT TRAGEDY NEAR RUNCORN.

A shocking affair is reported from Sutton Dock near Runcorn. it appears that Mrs. Ann Spencer, a widow, is the captain, and her niece Maggie Gough, a single woman, aged 23 years, is the mate of the barge Chance It, belonging to the Salt Union; Ltd., which carries coal from Sutton Dock, belonging to Mesers. W. Carroll and Sons, of Liverpool and Winsford. On Sunday night the barge was moored at the wharf. At half-past five on Monday morning Gough got up to fetch the horse from the stables, and she did not return. Her aunt afterwards went in search of her niece, and she found her sitting on a stone near the stables. The un- fortunate young woman confessed that she had given birth to a child on the deck, of an adjoining flat,and that she had thrown the baby into the Weaver Canal. She was in a pitiable condition, and was taken back to the cabin of the Chance It, and later in the day was appre- hended by Police-sergeant Bennett, and conveyed to Dutton Workhouse. Efforts to recover the body of the infant were unsuccessful up to Thursday afternoon.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL

COMPANY.'

(Continued from page 6.)

Mr. Justice Byrne resumed the hearing of the action on Thursday. THE SPECIAL TRIBUNAL QUESTION.

Mr. Justice Byrne, referring to Mr. Moulton's objec- tion on behalf of the defendants to the jurisdiction of the Court, on the ground that the Act of 1885 provided that matters of difference should be dealt with by an engineer appointed by the Board of Trade, said this was an extremely important point for both parties. Which- ever way he decided it, the losing parties would prob- ably not be satisfied with his decision, but would take the matter to the Court of Appeal. In that view of the case he did not see the use of detaining the witnesses and suggested that that point having been decided the rest of the case should be adjourned pending the decision of the Court of Appeal. Mr. Bousfield, K.C., said that if his Lordship decided in the plaintiffs' favour he was entitled to go on. Mr. Justice Byrne said that as the defendants said they were not satisfied with his decision and wished to take the opinion of another tribunal,he thought it would be better for the plaintiffs to have the hearing of the action postponed. Mr.Busfield said his lordship would deal with the matter as he thought best, having regard to the rights of the parties. Proceeding to deal with Mr. Moul- ton's preliminary objection, he contended that the de- fendant having pat in a statement of defence without, rais:ng the point as to 'reference to an engineer ap- pointed by the Board of Trade, had waived their rights under the original Act. WhaLever the rights of the de- fendants were, he submitted that the objectioncould not be taken after the action had begun, and that the Court in the present juncture of affairs could nok, make the amendments proposed by his friend. Dealing with the objection thak, individual traders could not sue, he con tended that the action was properly constituted for the purpose for which it was intended, namely, the protec- t:on of the traders who were plaintiffs, because they had a common right to ask that during the time the eanal Comp Any was in default they should go free of tolls down the Canal.

Mr. Norton, K.C., following on the same side, con- tended that it was not the Corporation of Warrington but the surveyor to the Corporation who had to say whether or not the river bed was being properly dredged. Whatever might be the rights of the Warrington Cor- poratioa, there was nothing in the'Act which said that the traders were to go to arbitration at all. By section 88 the traders were given an independent right to certain rates of navigation and other things, which they could enforce by action. The • traders must have a right of their own, because in some cases their interests were antagonistic to those of the Coporation. Mr. Justice Byrne, interposing, said the Court had jurisdiction to send a case to arbitration if it thought it was a fit case, and he must say he should have thought it far better that this case should have gone to arbitration:

Mr. Moulton, K.C., asked that this action might be dismissed, because the plaintiffs had come to the wrong tribunal. The Legislature had appointed a special tribunal to try these disputes between the Corporation of Warrington and the Ship Canal Company, and had it in such a way as to exclude the courts unless there was a joint agreement. Wr. Justice Byrne said he would give his opinion on the preliminary objection on Friday morning.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTBREAK OF SMALL-PDX AT EARLESTOWN.

On Tuesday a case of small-pox was notified to the authorities at Earlestown. The patient is Mr. G. F. Parker, residing at 35, Haydock-street, Earlestown, and employed at the Viaduct Works aa a lifter. He had been to Bolton a little over a week ago, and two or three days after his return began to feel tmwell. He, however, endeavoured to overcome the feeling and on Saturday night last attended a meeting at the Griffin Hotel. On Sunday he was much worse and at last had to summon Dr. Valentine, who at first thought he was suffering from chicken-pox. Developments came quickly however, and on Tuesday morning the symptoms were such as to leave no doubt of the case being one of small-pox. His isolation was at once ordered, but a difficulty presents itself,as the Council have no hospital, and neighbouring towns, where there is an infectious disease hospital, refused to receive him. The residence of the man has been put in quarantine,and the authorities would like to gethold of the men who came in contact with Parker on Saturday night at the Druid's meeting.

VIADUCT WORKS OFFICE STAFF ANNUAL DINNER. On Saturday the annual dinner of the Viaduct Works office staff,to which the foremen were invited, took place at the "Lisboa," Victoria-street, Liverpool. The party travelled to Liverpool by the 1-9 p.m.. train,. a saloon having been proved for their acconnuodation. On arriving they dispersed to pass the intervening time before dinner in various ways, several visiting the LiveQoof Football ground to witness the game there wi,h Sunderland. Dinner was served at 6 o'clock, and proved do be of an excellent character, the diners thoroughly enjoying the good things provided. On the removal of the cloth the proceedings were presided over by Mr. T. Ormand. The toast of" The King," "Prince of Wales," "The L. and N.-W. Railway Company and the Superintendent of the Waggon Deparanent "were proposed and duly honoured, the latter being suitably responded to by Mr. C. W. Emmett. The other toasts were "The Office Staff,"" The Foremen," each of which were duly honoured. The musical items were very well rendered. " Life is a river" and "The Arab's farewell to his steed," by Mr. J. Owen; "Queen of the Earth," by Mr. J. Swann ; "The sea is England's glory "and "The Village Blacksmith," Mr. J. Wadding- , ton ; and" Our Jack's come home," Mr. C. W. Emmett. The singing of "Auld Lang Syne," brought a very 1 pleasant gathering to a close.

IMEARLESTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY EMPLOYEES. The employs of the Co-operative • Society had a social gathering in the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening. The object of calling them together was for the purpose of explaining fully the working of a new system of checks which is about to be introduced. An excellent knife and fork tea was provided, something like 100 persons partaking of it. After tea Mr. D. Forrester, president of the society, fully explained the details of the system, and the evening was afterwards enjoyably spent in singing, dancing, and games.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal. We regret to state that Mr. Charles Jackson Holmes is confined to his house, Barnacre, Grappenhall suffer- ing from an internal complaint. Mr. and Mrs. Ziba Armitage will leave England for the North of Italy on the 20th inst. - H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF Tosics.--63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Death of an Ex-Police Inspecton Mr. William James, formerly chief inspector in the Warrington Police Force, died at his residence in Padgate-lane at five o'clock on Thursday morning at the age "of: 70. He was connected with the Police Force for over 31 years, joining it in July, 1865, as a constable. He was promoted to the merit class in 1869, and the following year was made a sergeant. He was appointed inspector in 1875. and in 1884 he was promoted to the rank of Chief Inspector of the Force. In 1896 he retired on his pension.

ASK for CUNN. INGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Another Smallpox Case at St. Helens._______

On Thursday afternoon a man named William Darlington, aged about fifty-two, who had been stay- ing at Grimshaw's Lodging-house, Salisbury-street, applied to the relief offices for medical aid, and was sent to Dr. Fox, who at once certified that he was suffering from smallpox. The sanitary authorities quickly removed him to hospital, and took steps to have the inmates of the lodging-house vaccinated. This. is the seventh case that has arisen in the town.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—AdVt.

Warrington notc)grapltic Society.

A mee-li°no. of this Society was held-on Tuesday last in tue Old Academy, when Mr. Harry Wade gave an interesting demonstration of Messrs. Wellington and Ward's speciaiities.—Mr. Wade, who has won a num- ber of medal.s at various exhibitions, dealt in turn with films, bromide paper, show contact paper, and carbon tissue, showing examples of each in, turn. About 50 of Mr. Wade's Late] a slides were also. shown, tile originals of which had been taken on paper film, and were received with much applause.—Mr. F. W. Purse was in the chair and 38 of the members were present. —A vote of thmiks to the Lecturer was given at the close cr the meeting. On January 26th the amateur photographer prize slides are to be shown. Good Templary. The juveniles in connection with the Temperance Mission lodge the 1.0.G.T. spent an enjoyable time on Monday evening in the Ebenezer Church, Baer- market-street. They were on this occasion enter- tained to a tea and Christmas tree, and occasion was made of the distribution of a number of prize books. ,The bulk of these had been presented by Bro. A. E. Eccles, P.G. Treasurer, of Chorley, while others had beei given by .Bro. the Rev, J. A. Lee, D.C,T. (Liver- pool). Bro. E. Newman, D.S.J.T, (Earlestown)and an anonymous member of the adult lodge. Mr, H. Thorn-- ton presided mid, after a very interesting address, presented the books to the recipients. Bro E. New- man then presented Sister Jane Hughes with a hand- some silver medal for bringing the most members to the temple. He heartily congratulated the Superintendent (Sister ,Mrs. Sheath) on the success of the temple which now has upwards of 80 members. The chil- dren were then presented with a toy off the tree by Sister Sheath and afterwards indulged in games and thoroughly enjoyed themselves:—The weekly session of the adult lodge was held on Wednesday in the same room when Bro. F. Merlin, cm, presided over a good attendance. Three new candidates were ad- mitted into the order. Bro. J. Sheath was recom- mended as Lodge Deputy fir the ensuing year, and Bro. Merlin as Electoral Superintendent. The pro- gramme was "Scotch Night" and a good Programme was gone through by several of the members.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
OVERCOME BY GAS AT EARLESTOWN.

On Saturday a man named Hilton, 40 years Of age, in the employ of the Newton UrLan District Counc:l, was enga:.;ed at the openlng of gt.s mains nee: the Wargrave inn, Earlestown, when he was ove:•come by an escape of gas, and w‘ts mattered unconscious. He was carried into the Wargrave inn, and Dr. Li.:-ham, who was sum- moned, succeeded in restoring the man. He is now nearly well again. GAS WORKERS' DINNER AT EARLESTOWN.

The fi,•st annual dinner promoted by the -e-mpit,y4s at the Newton-in-Makerfield U.D.C. Gas Works was held at the Oak Tree Inn, on Saturday. About 40 sat down to an excellent repast provided by Mr. and Mrs. H. Toft. After dinner, the evening was passed in singing, Stc.,Mr. A. Bowers (the gas engineer) occupying the chair. Re- sponding to the toast of his health, &c., the chairman said that they were all very anxious to make the gas works a successful undertaking, and one of which they might be proud. Owing to reasons which he would not go into, the gas works had not been as successful during the last two or three years as might have been wiched, but he believed that better days were in store for them. Great improvements had been made in the works and he trusted that others would follow in the near future. He was proud to be amongst them on this the first occasion of their annual dinner and he hoped to be present on similar occasions in years to come. Mr. Hoggard who acted as vice-chairman, after endorsing the chairman's remarks, said that he had worked in five different gasworks but he copld con- scientiously say that he knew of no gasworks which was better manned than that of Newton-in-Makerfield. The proceedings terminated in the usual manner.

WINTER CLEARANCE SALE. JAMES ATKINSON'S

===== 0002601_19030116_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WINTER SALE

G HEAT

GUM MENCES NESDAY,

JANUARY 7TH.

Tlie; WHOLE STOCK OFFERED AT REDUCED PRICES.

SPECIAL B iRGAINS IN SEAS:IN GOODS.

J.C.Kv, US, MILLINERY, DRESS MATERLALN3, &o.

ASK FOR CATALOGUE AND SEE DETAILS OF

SPECIAL 10/6 & 21/-

PARCELS.,

===== 0002601_19030116_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
MARVELLOUS VALUE. EARLY BUYERS WILL SECURE THE PICK OF SOME RARE BARGAIN:"

OPENING DAY-WEDNESDAY, JANUA It Y 7TH. JAMES ATKINSON, 7, .11, & 13, 13RI DU E STREET, WA R,R,INGI.ION.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE

OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM

EADE'S PILLS.

INSTANT REFIEF, RAPID CURE

===== 0002601_19030116_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE BOTTLE CURED ! !

58, Northumberland-street, North-street, Poplar, November sth, 1900.

have much pleasure in writing' to tell you of the gre.d, good your Pills have done me. I have been laid up tor nine weeks with Gout, and could not move oat of bed. Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely, M. KELLY.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Ate perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sod everywhere in bottles, ls lid. and 2s 9d., or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor. GEORGII BADE, 232, Guswell-road, London•

===== 0002601_19030116_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
GOUT AND RHEUMATISM

EADE'S PILLS.

IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONR.

78. Swau-:ane. Bolton. Icovember 14th 19.1. Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills for ltheumatie Uout In my Wet, and am glad to say they cured me. I have not taken any for two years till last, week when I was taken with it again in toe arm and shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in two hours all pain was gone. I have r•-commended them to many of my friends,—Yours truly ROBlifit A. HARDIE.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S GOUT PILLS.

Are perfectly safe in their actilns, eliminate all injurious matter, and are bigkly.res orative. . . _

_ Sold everywhere in Bottles, la 11d. and 2. 9d., or sent poet free for statups or P.O. by the Proprietor. GEOSOIi Bala 232, Goswell-road, London.

EAD-E'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

===== 0002601_19030116_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
E. CHETTER.

AUCTIONEER AND VALUER.

SALEILOONIS AND OFFICE 3. 11, BH:ZRY-STREET,

LIVINPOOL.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
SALES OF 'F tTRNIT URE.

STOOKS. ETC.

EVERY THURSDAM PA.RTIES CONJIGNING GOODS

CAN HASH CASH ADVANOR (LF mutareD) ox ILSOBIPT OF GOOD 3. STOOKS PUROHL3III)

FOR CAREL DISFANCIt NO OBINCT.

TELICPRONH NO 6621.

910 CONFHOTIONSILs AND SHREW lIAICHRS.—FIrst" 1 Olasa TURNOUT FOR SALR ; Pony In bands; Van with crank axle, built by !birdman and Sons. Radoliffe,equal to new. —Apply to B. W. !donuts. dt. ile:eus-road.Ormakirk.

QT. JAMB3' SCHOOL (Mixed). LATCHFORD, WAR- IIING2ON.—Wanteci, Assist4nt Mistress (Art 50), for part of standard 11. ; Drawing or Needlework essential; good salary to competent teacher —Apply READ MASTER

N OLD-H3TABLlslilio uttAeilitY tt.. splendid opportunity tor an energetic us in.—To be sold In one of the best leading thoroughfares in the north end, an old-established General Drapery Business. commanding corner premises, electric light throughout; an annual turn- over of from £1,600 to £1,300 ; lease of five years to run at a rental of £6O; present owner going abroad.—For further- particulars address D 51, AENCURY OFFICE. Liverpool.

WANTBD, goad about 3); references ra quired. Mra. UNDERWOOD, Westwood Hotel, Poolstoek, Wigan.

`lOOliS, Waitresses, House-Parlourcnaids, Nurses, V Generals, anti Young Girls WAN.CH ; good situations. —Mr.. It KORTIMPIR, servants Agency, 7, Braznsnose- st reel., Manchester.

‘IJ ANTBD. young HOU3H-PAHLOUHMAID in lountry V V vicarage; Chute e h of Hnand.—Apply Mrs. TfIoUGH- Toe. Higher Bebingtea Vicarage. Oheshire,

A T VALUATION.—GOOD COMPANY tIOUSS. 8. L-1 VANCE-ROAD, sl4OkpOOl. Well fitted; good work big order; 19 beds; 1 minute's walk from Uentrai Station and , 18 years connection ; retiring.

GOOO L&IN Itequtrdd iu 111712411 471. 110wDawORni, Greystone, tiolme, near Carnforth.

ms.mvvAtia(mßaarfi°eciinew.,l:niT tthoroßugeetlonidetzl CAOppApyllto— THE COACHMAN, The Elms, Moore, Warrington.

WANTED GOOD GECNHUAL ; references.—GlLMOUß, 451, Stockport rotd, Longsight, Manchester.

WANTED GIRL to help in howework. Twe other maids kept.—Apply Km tiODGKINSON,CaIe Green,Stockport.

YCLIFFE CHURC EI, BE WEE Y STREET, y V WANRINOTON. TO-MORROW (Surramr) RVENING. JANUARY 18rEr. 1:3811110N TO YOUNGF MigN BY THE REV. JOHN YONGE. 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORY. YOUNG MRA CORIMALLY LIMBO.

UYAL e 0 U T a ill A. T E TO-NIGHT--" BOHIMIA.fI NEE? WEEK. MILTOg RA.YS' PASTTOAIINS " BILAULT AND THIS BILAST." DAY PEEIFORNIANCB TEUTRIDSY AND ATURDAY. Commence at Two o'clock. Obildren half-price. Week commencing JANUARY ;HT% Mr. OBOR4II EDWARDSS' OomParrr IN "3&V TOY." Beate can te booked in advance at Ain P igot's.

TO THE OVERSEERS of the POOR of the TOWNSHIP of WARRINGTON to the CHIEF CONSTABLE of the County Borough of Warrington to the Clerk of the Licens- ing Justices of the said County Borough and to all whom it may concern. WILLIASI WALK.I.II of 30, Crostiaki-street, in the County Borough of Warrington, Managing Director of M. Walker and bon., Limited, DO HEREBY GIVE MICR THAT IT IS MY INTE.aTION to APPLY at the GoNIIRAL ANNUAL LICENSING MEWING for the Cuunty Borough of Warrington aforesaid to be holden at t tie Court House Police Buildings Arpley-street. Warrington atoresald on Friday the sixth day of February. one thousand rrir.e bundled and three FO,i AN A.OI2II2IONAL EXJI-511 LlcErius to sell by retail at premises situate and tieing • itert Works Frogball Frogitall-Lane, Warrington 41toesaid beer to be concocted off the premises in pursucnce ot he Act 25 and 27 Victoria c 23. Se.i.iou 1 arl'i of which premises the said Co.npany are the owners and carry on there, the business of Mineral Waters Manufacturers and bolesale Beer Dealers.

Given under my hand this Fourteenth day of January .)ne thousand nine bundren ant curet).

WILLIAM LVALKBIi.

‘.OUN soaona OF WARRINGTON.- v./ NOTWI IS HisttlilßY GIVSN TRAI— L The 'lowa Council of the Borough of Warrington have (subject to the approval of the Local Government Board) matte certain Byeiaws for securing the cleanliness and Freedom from pollution of tanks, cisterns, and other receptacles used for storing water. used or likely to be used by man for drinking or domestic purposes, or for manufacturing drink for the use of man. 2. A printed copy of the proposed Byelaws will continue deposited for inspection by any ratepayer. at the office of the Town Clerk, at the Town Hail, Warrington. for

one calendar month trona and after ale date ot-the first

publication of this ir,tice. 3. At the expiration of the said month the said proposed Byelaws will be submitted to the L0...al Government Board for approval cud 'confirmation. 4. The Town Clerk will supply a printed copy of the said Proposed Byelaws or part thereof,on application. Dated the 9th da) of lanuary, 19)3. J. LYON WHIMS, Town Clerk.

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS.

BEWSBY-STREET,WARRINGTON.

TELEPHONE 355 Y.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING,

AND BOOKLIINDINU.

WIT B TUE CI ItEAT ES t DESPATCEL

IN ALL I fIEIR BRANCHES.

PROGRAMMES D OR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. ROuRAMML FOR SOIREES.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030116_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030116_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING.

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the Country. The visitation is of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermiues the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease, and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever will,regain their former health. As a preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often provedeffectual in ward- ing off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating wity Sudden Flushes. Severe Head-ache, accompanied bh difficulty of breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the shoulders, and a stiffness and sbreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symp- toms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common consent Patients everywhere admit that they feel more depressed and miser- able after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miser- able feelings is to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this preparation as it has treated severe cases of Influenza, Heavy preparation, Extreme Weakness, and Langour, with greater success than any other known Remedy. We may also add that as a Remedy for Indi- gestion, Sleeplessness, Low Spirits, Nervousness. and Loss of Appetite, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands unequalled. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d., by all Chemists mid Patent Medicine Vendors, or sent direct, carriage free, for the above prices, by the sole proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company Limited Llanelly, South Wales. Avoid imitations. See the name " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A HEARTLESS WARRINGTON FATHER.--CHILDRMi HAD TO EAT REFUSE. Sentence of a month's imprisonment was passed upon Thomas Baxter, a respectably dressed man living in David-street, at the Warrington Police Court on Tues- day for neglecting his six children. Mr. Crompton, who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., said the prisoner was form2rly engaged as barman at Messrs. Pickmere's, Bridge-street, but lost his position through his own conduct. He then became an insurance agent, and also lost that situation. Since September last he had done practically nothing to maintain his wife and family. Whatever money he earned he spent upon him- self or in drink. He left his children without any food and they had to go out begging. The prisoner not only permitted them to do this, but even ate the food the children begged. Some kind person gave one of the children the remnants of a chicken, and the child took it home. When the prisoner came in he took possessign of the food and did not give the children any. On one occasion, when the children were crying for food, the prisoner, who had money in his possession, sent out for some whisky. Inspector Hackett had visited the house, and warned prisoner. During the month prior to October 15th the prisoner had given his wife only 13s. 6d. When the inspector visited the house at eleven o'clock one morning the prisoner was in bed. On the 10th of November, Inspector Hackett and Mr. Kane, assistant school attendance officer, found the children crying for food. and one of them came into the house eating a piece of vegetable refuse, which had been picked up out of an ashpit. It was a common practice for the children to search the ashpits at the back for something to eat. The prisoner went out "dressed up." Most of the clothing which the children were now wearing was borrowed. The society had p_rovided food for them on many occasions. Evidence bearing out this statement was given, prisoner's wife stating that he generally, got up about dinner time.—School Attendance Inspector Kane said the case was the most persistent and heartless case he had ever known. The children were continually begging, and were half starved. Prisoner had been fined for not sending them regularly to school. He saw one of the children eating a piece of cabbage stalk which had been picked up in the street and was covered with mud. —Prisoner said it was entirely his wife's fault that he had lost his situations. When he was at Pickmere's she used to "kick up bother," and while he was an insur- ance agent she rifled his pockets, and he got his accounts wrong. Hehad done his best for the children. —The Bench considered the case fully proved,and sent prisoner to gaol for a month.

A WARRINGTON MAN'S INGENIOUS FRAUD. fore At the Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, be Mr. W. Long, and other magistrates Thomas Monks, Robson-street. Warrington, was charged on remand with having on the 30th December, at Antrobus, en- deavoured to obtain by false pretences from Samuel Wainwright, farmer, the sum of 358. with intent to defraud.—Mr. Steel defended.—Nhe prosecutor said that on the day in question the prisoner came to his house, Moss Side Farm, Antrobus, and told him that his (the complainant's) brother, who lived in London had been charged with travelling from the city to Witton station without a ticket, and had been locked up by the magis- trates. The brother could only find 10s., and unless the remainder of the money was paid by seven o'clock that evening he would be removed to Knutsford Gaol and that would entail additional cost: The prisoner added that, he had been asked by the inspec- tor of the station to come to complainant for the money. Witness dealined to part with the money until he had seen his brother, and he and the prisoner started to walk to NorthwApolice station. Inquiries were made both at the railway station and the police station, and it was found that the prisoner's statement was quite untrue. The inspector at the station denied having seen the prisoner or having sent him to the prose- cutor.—Prisoner gave evidence and said that as he was subject to epileptic fits he was unable to obtain regular employment. On the 30th December he went to North- wich to seek employment. He was standing outside the station waiting for Fairclough's cart to come up to take him back to Warrington. While doing so a railway inspector came to him and asked him to go to Antrobus and tell prosecutor that his brother had been locked up for travelling from London to Witton station without a ticket. After the inspector had shown him the way to Antrobus he promised to go to the prosecutor for the money and did so,telling him the story that the inspector had told him. On his oath, he said in answer to Mr. Steel, that he had not attempted to obtain the money by false pretences .t as God was his judge."—Sergeant Bourne said he was at the Petty Sessions at Daresbury, on tbe 30th April,l9ol, when the defendant was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour for obtaining money by false pretences at Grappenhall. —The Bench sent prisoner to gaol for two months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

Before Messrs. F. J. Norman (in the chair) and E.

_ Imison. STRANGE ACTING OF A YOUNG WOMAI.L—Mary Ellen Dykes, a young woman of nineteen, was summoned for throwing stones in Devonshire-square; for assaulting.a girl named Florence Shallcross aged ten years ; and for assaulting P.C. Brat on divers dates during the last month.—The evidence showed that the defendant assaulted the child Shallcross in a most brutal manner. Shallcross happened to remark to her sister that "Mary Ellen WM passing, and the defendant, hearing the remark,turned on the child knocked her down and kicked her on the forehead.—On Saturday night as P.C. Bratt, with another constable was in the square,the defendant threw several stones at them one of which hit P.C. Bratt, another narrowly missing P.C. Edward's head.—ln Devonshire-square she was throwing stones to the danger of the pedestrians. Defendant was sent to Knutsford for fourteen days the Chairman saying that the doctors would be asked to inquire into the girl's mental condition. A CANDIDATE FOR THE "BLACK LlST."—James Robinson who had 23 convictions for being drunk and disorderly,was fined 55., and ss. costs for being drunk and disorderly or in default seven days.—The Chairman said he would have to be very careful in future or he would not be treated so leniently. FOOTBALL IN THE STREET.—Two boys named Albert Douglas and Albert Clare were summoned for playing football to the annoyance of the pedestrians near Ash- ridge-street.—P.C. Oakes proved the case, the Bench letting the boys off on payment of the costs 4s. 6d. BREAKING Pop-BornEs.—James Lowe, Dukes

===== 0002601_19030116_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Wash-day soap.

Let the rest of the soap-makers -find some useful business; Fels- Naptha is five or ten times as good as their soaps; and your grocer returns your money if you don't find it so. 2.1 d a bar.

FELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Street Undo:4C • I

===== 0002601_19030116_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eks~

===== 0002601_19030116_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
stables, was summoned at the instance of the Liverpool and District Mineral Water Manufacturers Association for wantonly breaking two glass bottles on the Monday previous. Mr. Burton prosecuted.—The evidence showed that the defendant with another man, who had decamped, were throwing stones in the Dukes stables at two bottles which belonged to the widow of Isaac Stubbs.—The Association wished to put a stop to the practice of breaking such bottles which entailed loss and had in- stituted the present proceedings as a warning. The defendant was let off on payment of the costs 7s. 6d. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—WiIIiam Sutton for being drunk and disorderly on the 29th December at Weston was fined ss. and the .costs or ir default seven days.— P.C. Wylie proved the offence.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY.

THE DREDGING OF THE MERSEY. Big Action by the Corporation and

Traders.

I In the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice on Tuesday Mr. Justice Byrne began the hearing of an action brought by Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons, Limited, against the Manchester Ship Canal Company. The plaintiffs claim—(l) A declaration that:the defendant company have since April 9, 1896, been, and now are, by virtue of the Manchester Ship Canal Acts, 1885 to , 1896, and the agreement of the 9th April, 1896, bound at their own cost to dredge the beds and banks of the river Mersey, and to maintain the same dredged so that there shall at all times be Bft. of water at low I water at sping tides in the channel between thewestern boundary of the works of Monks, Hall, and Co., at or near Bank Quay and Howley Lock, including a portion ,of the old bed of the river Mersey; (2) a declaration that in the period during which the defendant Company have failed or shall continue to fail to discharge their obligations, the traders of Warrington possess the right of navigation with respect of vessels passing through the Walton Lock of the portion of the Manchester Ship Canal extending from Eastham to the Walton Lock and of the portion of the river Mersey referred to, free of all tolls and dues ; (3) an order on the defendant Com- pany to repay the traders and manufacturers all dues and tolls paid since the 9th April, 1896, in respect of the navigation of the Ship Canal between the limits referred to ' • (4) damages for breach by the defendant Company of the obligations cast on them by the agree- mAnt and statutes; (5) an injunction to restrain the defendant Company from committing further breaches of the agreement; (6) and costs. Mr. Bousfield, K.C., Mr. Hughes, K.C., Mr. Norton, K.C., and Mr. Thomp- son appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Moulton. K.C., Mr. Cripps, K.C., Mr. Pickford. K.C, and Mr. 0. Leigh Clare for the defendants. After an opening statement by Mr. Bousfleld the inquiry was adjourned. THE CASE FOR THE PLAINTIFFS. _ _ _

On WG:cinesday, Mr. Bousfleld, continuing his opening of the case, said the plaintiffs, Joseph Crosfleld and Sons, James Fairclough and Sons, and Monks, Hall, and Co., were traders and manufacturers at Warrington, and the remaining plaintiffs were the mayor, aldermen, and bur- gesses of the Borough. On the 12th December, 1893, the defendant Company undertook to complete the dredging of the Mersey at Warrington required by section 88 of their Act of 1885 by July, 1894. The agreement also contained provisions enabling the traders of Warrington to carry goods and materials free of rates along certain portions of the canal watil the dredging was completed. The Company did not dredge the river to a proper depth by the Ist July, 1894, nor had they ever done so, and from the date of the agreement until 1895 the traders used the canal within the limits referred to,free of tolls. On the 9th April, 1896, a further agreement was made between the the plaintiffs and the efendant Company. By clause 1 it was agreed that sub-section 14 of the Act of 1885 should be read as if it were in the words following : "(a) The Company shall forthwith at their own cost, dredge the bed and banks of the river Mersey and main- tain it dredged so that there shall be a depth of Bft. of water in the channel between the wyetern boundary and the works of Monks, Hall, and OM., at or nerr Bank Quay and Howley Lock; (b) the Company shall not be bound to dredge the banks of the Mersey or maintain the depth of Bft of water unless and until the locks at Howley and Twenty-steps Bridge are enlarged so as to enable vessels of increased size to get to Howley, in which event the Company shall be bound at their own cost to dredge the bed and banks of the Mersey be- tween the works of Monks, Hall, and Co., and the eastern boundary of the borough of Warrington; (c) with regard to so much of the Mersey as passes nude Warrington Bridge the Company may at that point re- duce the minimum width of 50 feet at the bottom of th channel to a not greater extent than may be unavoid- able." By clause 4 the Company bound themselves* "effectually to execute and complete at their own cost the several dredging and other works prescribed by the agreement." In the early part of 1897 the defendant Company claimed payment of dues from the traders and manufacturers of Warrington for vessels which had been using their canal, alleging that as from the date of the agreement of 189 G the traders were not entitled to free navigation of the canal, and p tyments had from that date been made by the traders to the canal company in respect of such dues under protest. Notices had from time to time been given to the defendant Company,ca,ll- - attention to the fact that they had failed to make the channel as provided by the agreements and statutes or done the dredging properly. The Company, had, however, never remedied the matters complained of,but they insisted on payment of dues and tolls from the traders of Warrinocrton. Counsel then read the lengthy correspondence which passed between the parties before the action was set down.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
A SPECIAL TRIBUNAL,

Mr. Moulton, interposity, on behalf of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, said he had a preliminary objec- tion. He submitted the court had no jurisdiction to deal with the questions raised in the action,because o the provisions of clause 83 of tke Act of 1885 and thf arbitration clause in the agreement of 1890. He pointee out that the Act of 1835-provided that if any differencd should arise it should he determined by an engineers who was to be appointed (on the application of either of the parties) by the Board of Trade, whose decision should be final and binding on both parties and the costs of the reference should be borne as he should direct. This was a statutory direction that matters of difference should be determined by a special tribunal, and they could therefore only be determined by that special tribunal. Mr. Clare followed on the same side. Mr. Bousfleld, for the plaintiti-i, argued tint unless it was clear that the intention was that some special tribunal the jurisdiction of the court was not ousted. Counsel should take place of the ordinary tribunal aurged in his clients' interests at length, and quoted many authorities, and had not concluded at the rising of the court. The hearing was further adjourned.,

===== 0002601_19030116_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT.

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, AND CHILDREN'S COUGHS CURED ABSOLUTELY BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. THIS MARVELLOUSLY SUCCESSFUL REMEDY SURPASSES ANYTHING IN THE HEALING ART AND HAS THE LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD.

The remarkable rapidity with which Veno's Lightning Cough Cure absolutely cures the worst cases of chronic Coughs, Bronchitis, Asthma, Influenza, Catarrh, and children's coughs has gained for it a scientific standing and many recommendations from recognised authorities. GRAN VILLE H. SHARPE, F.C.S., Analyst, 11 and 12, Gt. Tower-street, London, says in his certificate of analysis: "I am of opinion that Veno's Lightning Cough Cure will prove a valuable remedy in the cure of Coughs, Colds, Asthma, and all bronchial complaints. Mrs. ADA S. BALLIN, 5, Agar-street, London, Editoress of "Womanhood," writes: "Veno's Light- ning Cough Cure is an exceedingly successful remedy; it is very pleasant to take and the relief it gives is very rapid. The preparation is perfectly safe for children. Mrs. MARTIN HILL, The Hem, Shiffual, Salop writes. "I am better than [have been for six years. I have been given up by doctors, but Veno's Lightning Cough Cure has been a blessing to me. I had to sit three months in a chair and could not lie down for shortness of breath. All this has gone now, and lam looking very well." ' E. McLAREN DYRES, 11, Woburn-road, Bedford, a well-known preacher and public speaker, writes: "I strongly recommend Veno's Lightning &ugh Cure to all public speakers who suffer as I have done from the throat. It is truly a wonderful remedy, very pleasant to the taste." VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is a new scientific remedy vastly superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. Ask for Veno's I Lightning Cough Cure, price 1/1-L and 2/9, at Chemists and Medicine Vendors everywhere. Sample bottles on receipt of 4d. for postage and packing from the VENO DRUG CO., HULME, MANCHESTER.

Wednesday was the twentieth anniversary of the birth of Prince Arthur, only son of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught. The total market valuation of all the mining com- panies in the Transvaal (says the Johannesburg corres- pondent of the •' Standard ") is £220,000,000, of which 21 per cent. is held in Great Britain and the remaining 19 per cent. on the Continent. Lord Wolseley, who was the guest of Sir Donald Currie during the cruise of the yacht lolaire in the West Highlands last autumn, forms one of a dis- tinguished party of guests who are assembling on Sir Donald's yacht at Marseilles for a trip to Egypt:

===== 0002601_19030116_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 16, 1903

—but of my fellow Catholics generally. I hope I may I also add that this has been a result beyond your wishes ' and intention. I have received numerous expressions of indignation aroused by your remarks, not from Catholics only, but from others, including at least two of your fellow-magistrates, though I believe they were not present on the occasion. It seems to me, sir, that you have taken a most unfairadvantage of your position as a magistrate. (Hear, hear.) Your remarks are founded, and seem to accept and confirm the statements of a criminal whom you sentence to three months. You reject his defence of himself, yet accept his statements without hesitation or inquiry from others most nearly concerned when they seem to reflect on a Catholic priest. (Hear hear.) Do you, sir, consider that this was fair and judicial? Indeed the facts were very far from truthfully and correctly stated. Ontwo occasions, and on two only, did Dr. Mercer urge upon the man Cullen the conscientious obligation of reclaim- ing his child. (Hear, hear.) Six months at least elapsed between the last occasion and the retnrn of the child. You can judge for yourself, then' how griev- ously felt was that pressure put forward as a pretext to shelter himself from the consequence of his own: neglect. Again, Dr. Mercer, though he called as re- cently as New Year's Day, had not been informed of the child's return and consequently could not, though otherwise able and willing, have done anything for the welfare of the child. What we could have done of course we should have gladly done. At the same time knowing well the circumstances of the case I do not hesitate to say that it was not one in which private charity could have been prudently or profitably exercised. (Applause.) I can quite believe that the strong forces of the law might with advantage have been brought to bear upon the case at a much earlier stage. This explanation I offer merely to show how hasty and unfair you have allowed yourself to be. Do not imagine for a moment that I put it forth as an excuse or apology for the course taken by Dr. Mercer. (Applause.) It requires neither the one nor the other. I fully concur in it and accept its responsibilities. Catholics believe that the welfare of the soul must be preferred to and, if necessary, secured by the sacrifice of the welfare of the body. (Hear, hear.) We also believe that the soul's welfare is inseparably bound up with the profession dnd practice of our religion. Con- sequently, as in the case in point, where the child's material wellbeing is to be purchased by a sacrifice of its spiritual birthright the heritage of the Faith, no faithful priest or member of the Church could take any other course, than by all legitimate means to dissuade the parent from such a bargain. (Hear, hear.) This is in the domain of conscience and is the proper sphere of the priest's action which is consequently grossly mis- named by you as interference. (Hear, hear.) The principle just communicated is no new one, but one that has been acted on in all ages and witnessed to *rough many centuries of persecution and hostile legislation; and it is one, you may rest assured, that will never be relinquished either in theory or in practice by the faith- ful. Ido not suppose that this principle appeals to you I do not expect you to agree with us in this matter, but I did expect that you would have given due considera- tion to the well-known tenets of many millions all the world over, and to the feelings of thousands of your own fellow-citizens. I did expect that you would have , refrained at least when on the Bench from such utter- ances as must not only deeply wound the feelings of Catholics, but also shake their confidence in your sense of fairness.—l am, yours truly, NEVILLE WILSON." (Applause.) , To this Mr. Monks wrote :—" Walton Old Hall, near Warrington, 10th January. 1903. Dear Father Wilson, —I beg to acknowledgeyour letter of the 9th inst. and let me say at once that I have no wish or the slightest intention of being offensi ve,and I regret that you should feel annoyed or hurt at the cmnments upon the action of one of your priests. This, however, cannot be avoided at times in a free country—(laughter)—where we areall free to criticise not only each other's beliefs, but the conduct arising from a conscientious desire to enforce them. I should be very sorry to take an unfair advan- tage of my position as a magistrate, but we had plenty of evidence before us to the effect that the child had been removed in consequence of the pressure of Dr. I Mercer upon the parent—(hear, hear),—when Mrs. I Rylatt declined to consent to bring up the child as a ' member of the Roman Catholic Church. Mrs Rylatt , made her statement upon oath,and it was confirmed both t by the man Cullen and his sister,with the further remark I that he had regretted having done so ever since. Your: remarks as to your knowledge of the circumstances of j the family leading you to the conclusion that it was not a case where 'private charity could have beenprudently I or profitably exercised,' makes the insistence on the I child's remeval all the more cruel and unjust. I know i that the teaching of your Church insists upon the j children of Roman Catholic parents being brought up I in the Roman Catholic faith, bul have never known it ' put so plainly as in your letter. (Laughter.) But we Protestants denounce such teaching as unchristian. (Laughter.) It is subversive of parental authority, and an invasion of private rights which we would not submit to for a single day. Your conscience is domin- ated by your vow to obey the ecclesiastical authorities of your Church, and is, therefore, not free to take a course, however humane it may be, in opposition to its teachings, and the fact that 'it had been acted upon for ages, and witnessed to through many centuries of persecution and hostile legislation' is no evidence of its truthfulness, but on the contrary for centuries it has been felt to be an unjust and oppressive teaching which ought to be abolished. The fact that no other free church propounds such a theory, is conclusive that the majority of mankind are against you. Our right to criticise and condemn if we think proper, begins at once when the man and his family are thrown on to the public purse for maintenance: and if, as the result of your teaching, the authority of the Church is set above the authority of the law, it becomes a public danger against which we have to be upon our guard. Now, in all this please don't accuse me of wishing to hurt your feelings in the least. (Laughter.) You must recognize my right to state my case in my own way, and if I' venture to sharply criticise the position you assume in your letter to me, you must, at least, give me credit for as much sincerity as yourself. We shall not agree on many points of doctrine and church government, and we will , not discuss our differences, but we can agree to differ and recognize equal rights, and work together in all good work believing in that charity that thinketh no evil.— Yours faithfullly, F. MONKS." In answer to that he (Father Wilson) wrote :—" St. Mary's, Warrington, January 12th, 1903. Dear sir,—ln reply to yours of the 10th inst., while acknowledging its more courteous tone, I have to say_ that it is just because we live in a free country that I consider you have abused your position as a magistrate in your com- ments on the action of the Rev. Dr. Mercer. (Applause.) You seem to have fallen into a singular fallacy in your attempt to justify yourself in criticising , and condemning that action from the Bench. You more than insinuate that in some way or other—how you do not state—the law of the land was violated and the authority of the Church set above that of the State. I declare on the contrary that the action of the ' priest was merely an exercise of that just liberty which the laws of this free country secure to all, and of which,except in our case, you seem so justly proud. I quite understand your arguments and your position. Both areas old as Christianity—(laughter)— both were adopted by Nero and Diocletian—(renewed laughter)—who enforced them with logical severity to their bloody conclusion. You seem to consider as a dangerous people unless we allow ourselves to be false to our faith. (Hear, hear). Apparently you do not relish the laws which secure our liberties, but would prefer a legal suppression of our freedom. But are you not herein rather out of date, somewhat reactionary,far , behind the great majority of your more enlightened countrymen? At any rate, I think few will consider , it seemly that the magisterial bench should be made , the platform of such an agitation.—l am, yours truly, NEVILLE WILSON."

In reply to that he received that evening the follow- ing 'Monks, Hall and Co., Limited, Warrington, 13th January, 1903. Dear Father Wilson,—Your letter of the 12th to hand, and there is no fallacy or insinuation in the matter at all. It is all plain and painful fact. The man Cullen was brought up before us for breaking the law of the land in neglecting his children, one a child 12 months old, so shamefully that the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children prosecuted him for the offence after the child had been removed to the Workhouse Hospital to save it from further starvation and possible death. The solicitor proved the case, and produced evidence to show that in five months the child had been reduced from a fine healthy, well-cared-for child to the condition of a skeleton only weighing 811 b., and during that time its cries were so frequent and per- sistent as to call the attention of the neighbours to its condition, but without redress until they called the attention of the society's officer to it, and he took the necessary steps for its removal. The man's plea was that the priest insisted upon the child being removed from Mrs. Rylatt's care be6ause she would not consent to have the child brought up a Roman Catholic, and in consequence Mrs. Rylatt gave up the child, and it was handed back to the man Cullen, with the result I have stated. All the facts of the father's previous treat- ment of his wife and children were known to Dr. Mercer, his habits were such, and the condition of the 'household and its management also, that you in your letter of the 9th say, Knowing well the circumstances of the case, I do not hesitate to say that it was not one in which private charity could have been prudently or profitably exercised.' Vet, in the face of all this knowledge your priest insisted on the child's removal. Now, all this cruelty to the child would have been avoided but for the action of Dr. Mercer, because the child would have remained under the fostering care of Mrs. Rylatt, therefore the priest is morally responsible for the cruelty to the child. ' (laughter.) You justify his action and accept the responsibility on the ground that your Church believes that the welfare of the nail must be preferred to and, if necessary, be secured even by the sacrifice of the welfare of the body. But the law of England does not recognize any such doctrine,and in a case of cruelty such as this, your plea for the action of the priest cannot be recognized, but the priest not being legally responsible gets off—(laughter)—and you complain if we censure his conduct as Priestly Inter- ference.' What is all that,but your attempt to put the Church above the law? I deny your assertion that the action of the priest was merely an exereise of that just liberty which the law of this free country secured to all.' I call it an abuse of that liberty, and it would soon be made criminal but for the hesitation English men have of making martyrs for conscience sake Laughter.) If the man's statement be true that he I

===== 0002601_19030116_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN CATHOLICS AN3 MR. F. MONKS. THE ALLEGED "PRIESTLY INTOLERANCE." Crowdd kleetig of Protest. LAITY DEFEND THE PRIEST.

Considerable indignation has been aroused among the Roman Catholics of Warrington by the remarks uttered by Mr. F. Monks, J.P., at the Borough Police Court during the hearing of a case of child neglect on Monday week. It will be remembered that Thomas Cullen, a labourer living in Wellington-street, was charged at the instance of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children with neglecting his six children. One of the children neglected was a baby 12 months old. It appeared that the mother died when it was a month old, and the father was left with the care of six children. A friend named Mrs. Rylatt offered to take charge of the baby, and the man agreed to this course. After six months had elapsed he insisted upon the baby being brought back, and the neglect for which he was sent to gaol took place. At the Police-court the prisoner stated that Dr. Mercer, Roman Catholic priest, insisted upon the return of the child, as Mrs. :Rylatt would not bring it up in the Roman Catholic faith. Mr. Monks,who was Chairman of the Bench,thereupon remarked that "this was a species of priestly intoler- ance that ought to be put an end to." In sentencing the man to three month's imprisonment Mr. Monks also remarked that he thought it was a most unfortunate thing that the priest interfered. He thought it was most reprehensible on the part of any minister or priest to interfere" in that sort of way, and advised the prisoner not to let the priest interfere any more than he could help in his household. Such was the feeling of Roman Catholics in the matter that a meeting of protest against the remarks, organized by the laity, was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Tuesday evening. Only men were admitted,And there was a crowdedattendance, Mr. George Vernon presiding. There were also present on the platform :—Councillor Brophy, and Messrs. C. H. Unsworth, E. A. Connor, J. Magian, Owen Toole,Rigby Eekersley, J. Caldwell, Austin Vernon, J. Richardson, Sexton, Rabbit, Kilduff, and Dr. Geary. The priests present were the Rev. Fathers Whittle, Wilson, Dr. Mercer, Darby and Duggan (Liverpool), Ryan, McGrath, D'Arcy, Baines, Gibbons, Swarbreck, Primavesi, Hind, and Jackson.—The proceedings throughout were very enthusiastic.

THE CHAIRMAN AND Milt. MONKS. "ATTACKING 10,000 CITIZENS OF WARRINGTON."

The CHAIRMAN in referring to the hearing of the case said that meeting had nothing to do with the sentence passed upon Cullen, the justice of which they did not doubt. What they had to find fault with, were certain remarks which were made by the presiding magistrate. In his opinion Mr. Monks deliberately went out] of his way to insult one of their priests. (Applause). No doubt Cullen to do the best for himself, was trying to play on the feelings of the magistrates, and with that object he brought in the name of one of their priests and tried to lay the blame or the greater part of it upon him,as the cause of the suffering of the child. He thought they would agree with him that there was no cause whatever why Mr. Monks should have arrived at the conclusion he did,and made the remarks he did. (Hear, hear.) That meeting was to protest most strongly against the language used by Mr. Monks—(applikuse)—and such remarks coming from a magistrate were, in his opinion, the usurpation of the office of a magistrate. (Applause.) Doubt- less they would have noticed on the day that the trial was held,the placards of the evening papers on which were the words in large letters: "Alleged intolerance. of a Catholic priest." ("Shame.") He noticed it, but at the same time he must confess it did not upset him. He put it down to the utterances of some "over zealous fanatic on the warpath:" (Applause.) But he was greatly surprised on coming to read the article to find the remarks had been uttered in the Borough Police Court by Mr. Monks. At the time it caused a great deal of talk and indignation among the Catholics in the town, and he was happy to say they had great sympathy from many of their fellow townsmen who differed from them in religious belief. (Hear, hear.) The matter was immediately taken up by the laity of the several congregations. He might say it was a spontaneous combustion. (Laughter.) He would not try to explain the theological aspect of the question, because he could not do so, but he wanted to say that the priest named in this case knew his duty—(hear, hear, and applause)— and it was sufficient to say he would do it. (Cheers.) What they were concerned with,was the unjustifiable attack on their priest. (Hear, hear.) The priests Were always open to attack, and they knew they were able to I defend themselves—(hear, hear)—but priests and people were bound together in solid bonds—(hear, hear)—and whoever attacked the priests attacked the people. (Applause.) Their fight was the people's fight, and the people were always ready to rally round their priests and to defend them as in duty bound. It was not, however, that they thought of duty altogether. It was a labour of love. (Hear, hear.) He thought the lives of their priests were too well known to need any defence whatever. (Hear, hear.) They spoke for themselves. On the battlefield, in the Ifever-stricken slums of their cities, in the fever hos- pitals and wherever there was danger, the priests were I almost first and foremost, ready to do their duty— (applause)—which they did do. They daily sacriqced their lives nobly on the altar of duty. It was not often that Catholics were roused. When attacks were made on their religion very often they passed them by as the words of bigots .and fanatics, but when attacks were made on their priests it was a different thing. They ought.to rouse themselves and let;people know that they were not living in the days of the Catacombs, but were living in the age of tolerance and the so-called enlighten- ed twentieth century. They ought to let them see that Catholics could not be attacked with impunity as they had hitherto been. In Warrington he supposed they had about 10,000 Catholics out of a population of 65,000. That was no mean quantity, and if Catholics were organized as the political clubs were, they would be able to make themselves felt in many ways---in Parliamen- tary and municipal elections and divers ways. (Applause). They didnot wish to "brag," but it was well to let the people of Warrington know their strength. If they were fighting and their adversary saw they were better armed and equipped than he was, he would think twice before he attacked. They would let Mr. Monks see that in attacking their priest he was attacking 10,000 citizens of Warrington. (Cheers.) They were present that night to pass a resolution of condemnation of the unjustifiable attack on their priest, and a copy of it would be sent to Mr. Monks for his persual They had come to speak in a friendly spirit and not to abuse anybody. He hoped all the speakers would bear that in mind. In conclusion Mr. Vernon read a letter from the St. Albans' Athletic Club tendering their sincere sympathy with Dr. Mercer and repudiating the "contemptible remarks" made by Mr. Monks. In the enlightened twentieth century, continued the letter, they looked to their local justices for something better than "ignorant slander." (Applause.) They considered the remarks totally out of place and they would like to see the local justices administer the law in a simple and straight- forward manner. (Applause.) He asked Father Wilson to read some correspondence which he had had with Mr Monks.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
FATHER WILSON'S CORRESPONDENCE WITH MR. MONKS.

"THE PROPER SPHERE OF THE PRIESTS' ACTION." "MISNAMED INTERFERENCE."

Father WILSON, who had a very hearty reception.said that since his attention was called to the report of the case which was under consideration, he saw at once that It was likely to rouse feeling and to call for somestrong action. Therefore as a preliminarystep he lost no time in sending a report of the case to Mr. Monks and asking him in a single sentence whether he had been truthfully and correctly reported in that paper. He got this reply : "Monks, Hall and Co., Limited, Warrington, Bth January, 1903. Dear Father Wilson,—l have your letter of the 7th, and the report is substantially correct, and it expresses the feeling of the magistrates in reference to the case that came before us oh Monday. We felt that it was most unfortunate the child was removed from the care and custody of one who had given it every care and affection and was very much attached to the child, and handed over to a woman who is utterly incapable of looking after herself properly, much less looking after a child six months old, and in addition five other young children. The woman now declines to have the child back again, with the result that it will be thrown back again into a family evidently doomed to be pauperized instead of being brought up in a respectable family, where it would have had a fair I chance in the future.—Yours faithfully, F. MONKS." _ _ _ _

By the time that letter reached him i,t became quite evident that the remarks of Mr. Monks from the Bench were of such a character as to call for some action and some answer. At that time he had no idea of the depth of feeling that had been aroused. Neither had he any idea what action could or would be taken. After a little thought it seemed to him that it was his duty, as the incident occurred in their parish and concerned one of his zealous assistant priests—(applause)—to do what he could, as he always tried to do, to safeguard their honour as Catholics and their interests. (Hear, hear). Consequently he wrote this answer : "St. Mary's, Warrington, January 9th, 1903. Dear sir,—l beg to acknowledge your letter, dated Bth inst., and also to note with satisfaction the contrast which, in its greater moderation of expression, it forms to your rather heated and very offensive utterances from the Bench. (Hear, hear). -You evidently do not realise how deeply you have wounded the feelings, , not of myself or fellow-priests—of that I say nothing

===== 0002601_19030116_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
had regretted removing the child ever since, it indicates that he had unwillingly submitted to the authority of the Church, but Ido not care to press this point. (Laughter.) As to Nero and Diocletian—(laughter)— they were Roman and not English—(" Very good") and I pass that with the remark that Rome has always been remarkable for 'enforcing them with logical sever- ity and bloody conclusion.' (Laughter.) You have just the same right to your liberty that we have, and I don't know that anyone wishes to curtail it,or even wish for a suppression of your freedom so long as you don't abuse it. (Laughter.) Now, let me say in conclusioh, that I not only expressed my own view,but also the five or six other magistrates that sat on the bench at the same time, and lam authorized to say that if a similar case were to cd-ne before them they would feel it their duty to give even a stronger expression of their dis- approval of such action.—Yours faithfully, F. MONKS."

CON DEMNATO RY RESOLUTION. MR. MA-GINN AND "LANGUAGE OF THE TAPROOM."

Mr. J. MAGINN moved the following resolution : "That Mr. Monks, J.P., the chairman of the Bench of Magistrates upon the hearing of the above case, ex- hibited a lamentable want of magisterial judgment, tact, courtesy and discretion in accepting without investigation the charges made by the prisoner against the Rev. Dr. Mercer, and that in criticizing the Catholic priests and other ministers of religion in Warrington and lecturing them as to their present and future rela- tions with their several comiTegations,he offered them a deliberately, gratuitous and wanton insult, and unfairly travelled beyond the limits and privileges of a magis- trate." (Applause.) Mr. Maginn spoke very warmly I and characterised neglect of children as one of the most heinous crimes of which a father could guilty. He referred in terms of praise to Mrs. Rylatt's action in! taking charge of the child, but considered it unfair that the child should be reared in opposition to the relig- ion of its father, its brothers and sisters, and its dead ' mother. He considered it an act of manliness on Cullen's part to refuse to allow the child to be brought up as a Protestant. If Cullen had done his best with his money he could have kept his children well. The prisoner had said that pressure had been brought to bear upon him to take the child back, and the magistrate jumped up and said "This is a piece of priestly intolerance.," Such language was the language of the taproom. (Cheers.) It *as language which had been used tp them eve since he had been born, and their fathers before them,r by an ignorant bully. They would, however, take the remarks for just what they were worth. Probably they were uttered on the spur of the moment. After the man was sentenced the woman was dis- charged for some reason that he did not know, and Mr. Monks tried to make the man see that he did not give him three months for his crime but just as a warn- ing to him that he would not let the priest interfere again. What was said about the priest was taken as God Almighty's truth. and it seemed to him (the speaker) that Mr. Monks must be a bigot in his heart in taking the word of a criminal,guilty of the most heinous crime —the ill-treatment of children—against the word of a gentlemen, and an educated gentleman too. (Cheers.) Would not a sensible man have said "We will adjourn the case until to-morrow in order to get Dr. Mercer to give evidence"? (Cheers.) They, as Catholics, had felt the criticism of their priest very severely. If the same deliberate and personal insult had been offered to a clergyman of the Church of England—the Catholics were only 10,000 in the town-30,000 people would have been found to protest. And why should not the Catholigs protest? (Applause.) Mr. Monks had had a full wMlcand a day to consider the remarks he had made, and his only consideration was to get up a religious controversy, and God save them from that ! (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. Monks seemed to hold a brief for bigotry, bat he would not be allowed to air himself at the expense of Catholics. (Cheers.) Let it be distinctly understood that they did not want as Catholics to make this a religious controversy or to enlighten the outside public about their belief and faith. Nor did they care about the belief of others. They must not let Mr. Monks coax them to get into trouble with their Protestant friends. Let them not start the argu- ment on religion, because if they did they would play into Mr. Monks, hands. (Cheers.) Their only reason for holding that meeting was to vindicate their cause. They did not dispute the justiceof Mr Monk.s's decision, but they denied his right to try people who were not at the Police Court. (Cheers.) Mr. C. H. UNswoRTH in seconding the resolution, said there was very little that he could add, or desired • to add, to the facts of the case. The correspondence which had been read sufficiently illustrated all the points which could be brought to bear upon the matter. There was, however, one point he should like to put before the meeting, namely, that Mr. Monks seemed to think Father Mercer was doing something he had no right to do in insisting upon the child being brought up a Catholic. It would have been Mr. Monks's duty, no less than Father Mercer's, if one of the Cullen children had been brought before him who was over five years of age—and the fact that it was only 12 months old made I no difference in principle—not to hand the child over to a Protestant institution but to a Catholic industrial school: because it was provided by the State, which was a great deal more liberal in its views to Catholics than Mr. Monks—(applause)—under the Industrial Schools • Act, 1866, that magistrates should send such children to Catholic schools if they happened to be Catholics. Therefore Mr. Monks was reprimanding Father Mercer for something he was bound to do him- self jf the child Irid been brought before him. (Cheers.) The resolution was unanimously carried. APPEAL TO THE CHANCELLOR OF THE DUCHY

===== 0002601_19030116_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
OF LANCASTER.

Mr. ECKERSLEY then moved the following resolution: "That a copy of the proceedings in the Cullen case, as rep orted in the Press, be forwarded to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. together with a copy of the further resolutions passed at the public meeting; that the same be sent to Mr. Monks and the Press." They were not present, ha said, to protest against priestly in tolerance, but against magisterial intolerance. (Cheers.) Mr. RICHARDSON said he would content himself by briefly seconding the resolution. The previous sp3akers had taken the wind out of his sails. The motion was carried with enthusiasm. THE PRIESTS AND THEIR DUTIES.

The Rev. Father WILSON, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Chairman, said the duties of priests were sometimes of a very anxious character, and they had often to do and say things that were necessarily unpleasant, and often to meet attacks and utterances that were not pleasant to put up with, and at Such times to find that the laity were loyal and were ready to sup- port them, was undoubtedly a great help. (Hear, hear.) The largeaudience that evening spoke more eloquently than any set speeches could speak—(cheers)—of the bond between the priests and themselves. Their great hope was,that that bond might never be loosened. (Cheers). An occasional outburst of this kind, and an occasional meeting, and even an oecasional attack upon I them; might be fruitful of good results. (Hear, hear.) These things let them know what they were, and gate them a consciousness of being a body corporate scattered about a large town. They were apt sometimes to lose touch with one another. An occasion like th is brought them to,,bether,and if they would stick together —it was only when side issues and minor considerations were allowed to creep in and divide them that they need be fearful—they never need be fearful of having to take a back seat or give way to those who were hostile to them on account of their religion. (Cheers). The Rev. Father WHITTLE seconded, and remarked that no doubt good would come out of evil. An insult had been thrown against one of their priests, but the audio ace by their presence that night had shown they would not stand it. (Cheers.) He quite agreed with Father Wilson that this meeting would bring them closer together, if that were possible—cement closer the union between people and priest. (Cheers.) They were met as Catholics, and before they left that build- ing they would produce a sound in it that had never been heard before. They would sing "Faith of our fathers." (Cheers.) The Rev. Father MCGARTH, of St. Mary's, Latchford, in supporting the resolution, said that for over nine years he worked in the most bigoted town, he supposed, in the North of England, but he never heard, let alone from a magisterial Bench, such words as those that had been uttered against Catholics in Warrington recently. He wished to enter his protest against the words that had been used by Mr. Monks against Roman Catholics. They were a slap in the face for every priest and every slap in the face for the priest was a slap in the face for the laity. (Hear. hear.) They would not stand it, and they would concentrate and rally round each other and let it be known what their strength was. They would show that they would not take these instills wantonly, sad that they were not doormats any moie than anyone else. As long as they had a tongue to wag they would wag it—(cheers)—and make themselves felt if they were insulted to their teeth. (Renewed cheers.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and unanimously carried. The Chairman briefly acknowledged the compliment and the audience then stood and sang with great fervour "Faith of our Fathers."

Lord aud Lady Cromer and Sir Reginald and Lady Wingate passed Meshra-el-Rhom, the last telegraphic station on the White Nile and 400 miles south of Khar- toum, on Monday evening, on their way southwards It is expected that telegraphic communication with Pashoda will very shortly be established. A great automobile tramway has been started at Lisbon, with a capital of 600,000,000 reis, to fight the existing English Electric Tramway Company. The news has caused a great sensation. At Whitchurch, near Aylesbury, on Wednesday after- noon, a lad named Elijah John Batson,aged ten, was killed accidently by his elder brother. The lads were playing ;Jwith a pistol, when it suddenly exploded,Elijah being shot in the region of the heart, and expiring in mediately. •

===== 0002601_19030116_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
The Most Nutritious.

EPPS'S

Grateful—Comforting.

;:tr, A

Breakfas.t—Supper.

THE PROPOSED TRAMWAY TO STOCKTON HEATH. The Parish Counci D3Cit ta Support

the Scheme.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Agreement with the Corporation.

A special meeting of the Stockton Heath Parish Council was held on Tuesday evening td consider the Warrington Corporation Light Railway Order under which the Corporatidn propose to extend their tramway system from Stafford-road to Victoria-square, Stockton Heath. Mr. J. H. Clarke presided and there were also present: Messrs. Pemberton,Bouchier, Pearson, Mclntyre and Fairhurst, with Mr. Bradshaw (clerk). The Chairman observed that before entering upon the business of the meeting he wished to refer to an extraordinary statement made by Alderman Bolton at the last meeting of the Warrington Town Council. viz. that the Stockton Heath Parish Council did not know what they wanted, and that if they would only meet the Warrington Corporation half-way they would be able to get on very well with the Tramway Order. He (Mr. Clarke) certainly thought that it was an extraor- dinary statement for Alderman Bolton to make. On instituting inquiries he found that there were two excuses for the alderman. One was that he was a new member of the committee, and he (the Chairman) wat to Id that Alderman Bolton did not know what he was talking about—(laughter) ; and the other excuse was that it was always as well never to take what Alderman Bolton said in a serious manner. (Hear, hear, and laugh- ter). As regards the statement about meeting the War- rington Corporation halfway, that Council had not only done so,

A Voice, "three-fourths." (Hear,- hear.) The Chairman, yes, three-fourths, certainly. They (the Stockton Heath Council) had done everything that was reasonable while doing their duty to the inhabitants of StocktonlHeath. (Hear, hear.)

LNTERVIEW WITH THE CLERK OF THE COUNTY COUNCIL.

The Chairman proceeded to give a report on the in- terview which took place between the Clerk and him- self and Mr. Potts (Clerk of the County Council) at Crewe. They explained to Mr. Potts their views. At that time Mr. Potts said he had not considered the new Order very deeply, but he said with reference to the new clause put in, and the plan sent on their behalf by Mr. Bradshaw. the County Council were surprised at seeing it in thZ Order. The opinion he (the Chairman) and Mr. Bradshaw formed,was that the County Council were very much displeased with it, because they (the Parish Council) had made arrangement themselves with the Warrington Town Council. The deputation pointed out that although it was an alteration to what had been agreed upon it was a great improvement upon what had been deciddd upon,between themselves and the Commis- sioners. They pointed out that their clause only gave the Stockton Heath Council 8,451 t. roadway for most of the distance, but the amended plan would make it 50ft. for a great part of the distance ; and the only differance would be a portion in front of the church where they had decided to accept the position the War- rington Corporation were placed in—that they could not go beyond the walls of the building. According to the clause of the County Council they wanted to force the hands of the Corporation to take down the buildings opposite the church. He (the chairman) pointed out that if the hands of the Warrington Corporation were forced to that extent, the Corporation would not go on with their order. They in Stockton Heath could not take upon themselves the responsibility of supporting anything of the:kind. Therefore they wanted the County Council to reconsider it and not to oppose the clause agreed to between the Corporation and the Parish Council. The other point was as to the footpaths. There was the a question of the footpath which was shown on the plan as only being 2ft. 6in wide in certain por- tions. The County Council at once said they would not accept and he (the chairman) asked Mr. Potts to name the width of the footpath they were going to press for and he would ask for the same width. The reply was that he should ask for a sft. footpath. That they accepted and they sent in their request for the sft. footpath to the Board of Trade.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTER FROM THE BOARD OF TRADE

The, Clerk read the following letter from the Board of Trader:—" With reference to the objections lodged by you to the confirmation of the Warrington Corporation Light Railway Order, I am directed by the Board ,of Trade to inform you that they propose to take the Order into consideration at this office (Railway Department, 7, Whitehall Gardens), on Tuesday, January 27th, at 12 o'clock, when an opportunity will be given to objectors or their representatives of being heard in support of their objections."

THE POSITION OF THE CORPORATION. LETTER FROM THE TOWN CLERK.

The Chairman informed the meeting that Mr. Whittle, the Town Clerk of Warrington, had told him bsi tele- phone that he had received the objections of the tounty Council, and that he had been instructed by his Committee to let the Stockton Heath Council know that if the objections were sustained by the Board of Trade and entered in the Order,the Corporation would not go any further with the scheme. He (the Chairman) told him that the Parish Council did not agree with the County Council persisting in anything that was likely to stop the Order. He asked Mr. Whittle whether he had any objection to what the Parish Council proposed, and he said he had not. He (Mr. Clarke) said that if the Council could help the Corporation by writing to the Board of Trade or the County Council they would be willing to do so. Mr. Bradshaw read the following letter from the Town Clerk :—" Referring to your letter of the 16th ult. I am directed to inform you that the CorpGration will offer no objection to the proposed alterations of the footpaths by reducing the width of the carriageway. With regard to the question as to whether there shall be la single or double line of rails in front of St. Thomas' Church, the Corporation are prepared to leave it to the ; Board of Trade. As you are aware, the County Council are asking the Board of Tradeto require the Corporation ; to widen Old London-road beyond the limits agreed to with your Council. If the Board of Trade impose this I condition on the Corporation I am instructed to inform ' the Board that the Corporation will not proceed with ' the Order. You will remember that the County Council asked us to,give them a road of 45ft. in width. We have ; agreed to widen the road for two-thirds of its length to ; 50ft., and at the end, near the Mulberry Tree, it increases to 55ft. The line of the proposed widening at this end is shown on the deposited plan as running through premises other than those which the Corporation pro- pose to purchase. and the County Council are pressing for additional widening through those premises. They are also asking "that the verandah in front of the premises near the swing bridge shall not only be ac- -1 saired but removed." If these matters are persisted in, it may mean that you will lose the Order altogether. I would, therefore, suggest that you make a strong repre- sentation to the Clerk of the County Council in refer _ ; ence to them. lam informed by the Board of Trade ; that the Runcorn Rural District Council have also raised objections to the Order. I do not know what I points they have raised as they have not sent me a copy ;of their objections. I think the Corporation are being put to unnecessary expense in having an inquiry forced upon them. As requested, I enclose copy of the amend- ments proposed by the County Council." I The Chairman: If there is the slightest danger of I the tramways not going on,we must leave no stone Un- turned, but do everything that is reasonable and can be expected from us. ,• Mr. Bouchier : I suggest that the clerk should write I to the County Council asking them to withdraw, as far as this matter is concerned, their opposition to the Bill. The Chairman: Yes. I take it that we represent the feeling of the people of Stockton Heath by saying that we are prepared to accept the clause as amended by the Commissioners subject to our own proposition being agreed to as stated in the Town Clerk's letter. I and take it that we now become supporters of the cheme. (Several members. "Yes."). - Mr. Bouchier : I move that the Clerk be instructed , to write in these terms to the Clerk of the County I Council. I Mr. Pearson seconded. The Chairman: That if the Warrington Corporation I accepted our proposals we support them. Mr. Pearson: And give them all the assistance we can.

Mr. Pemberton: Have the Corporation embodied what you want in the Order? The Chairman: They say they won't offer any opposition. Mr. Bouchier : L don't think it is necessary for any- one representing the Parish Council to Appear at the inquiry, if we write to the Board of Trade, stating that the Corporation have agreed to accept our proposals. Mr. Pearson! It would be a calamity to the village if the tramway scheme was dropped by Warrington. I would not be our fault. We have been very reasonable,t and we have never deviated from a certain line which we always considered reasonable. I should like to sug- gest that the Clerk be sent to London to support the Warring ton Corporation. The Chairman : _ If desired.

Pearson: Yes, if desired. It was then decided that this Council should be repre- sented at the inquiry,if the Board of Trade considered

t necessary.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Institute of Journalists —Warrington Sub-

District.

The annual meeting of the members of the War- rington sub-district of the Liverpool district of the Institute o Journalists was held on Saturday night in a room at the George Hotel, kindly lent by Mr. Halton. Mr. T. Weston presided over a good attend- ance. A vote of condolence with the wife and family of the late Mr. Phillip Smith, of Liverpool, was passed in silence. Mr. E. V. Walker was elected chairman for the ensuing year, and the retiring chairman (Mr. T. Weston) vice-chairman, the latter being thanked for his services during the past year. Owing to his removal to Runcorn, Mr. F. Fennelly resigned his position as hon. secretary and treasurer, arid Mr. A. H. Walker was appointed to fill the vacancy. Mr. Fennelly was cordially thanked for the admirable way in which he had discharged the duties for ti e past two years. Several matters of interest to local journalists were discussed, and the meeting closed with votes of thanks to the Chairman and to Mr. Halton for the use of the room.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT P/AdIAGRAPHS.

ILL that man wants here below is a little mote slum he's got. Tint man is usually in the right who owns him- self in the wrong. MANY a man is willing to die for his country, but he wants to fix a date for himself.

NOTHING pleases a man so well as to be asked if his eldest daughter isn't his wife. THE world is full of budding geniuses, but the majority of them get nipped in the bud. KirrY—" My husband's sight was poor before I mat vied him." Crissie—" I thoight so." CERTAINLY—Tom" How do you know that he married for money? May—" I saw his wife." A WOMAN is very apt to regard her friends as so many debts to be cheerfully and promptly met. RIGHT will prevail; and human nature impels us to get on the prevailing side so as to be right. RINKS—" Is your wife ever out of temper!" Winks —" Never ; she has an inexhausible supply." • •

MAN recently knocked down an elephant, a lion and a rhinocerous. He was an auctioneer.

"I'M afraid we're not very useful." "But what a blessing it is that we're so ornamental ! " DOCTOR: "Professor, a little son has just ar- rived." Professor: "Tell him to wait in the ante- room."

PETER holds that when a man does good by stealth it doesn't take a very smart detective to discover the motive.

"As we get older we think less of ourselves." "That's because we've had time to get thoroughly well acquainted." HAIRDRESSER : "What shade will madam have ze hair dyed zis time?" Mrs. Taddles (in a whis- per) : "Keep it dark." FREDDY : "She is all the world to me t What would you advise me to do?" Per9r: "See v. little more of the world, old chap I" "SAY, pa, what's a bachelor?" "A bachelor, my son, is a mighty lucky fellow, but don't tell your ma that I told you." LILY: "Jack proposed to me while turning the music for me at the piano." Elsie: " Ah, I see; you played right into his hands." " BLIVENS seems to have a, strong affection for his wife's mother." "It isn't affection—it's sym- pathy. His wife terrorises both of them." SIIE: " Do'nt let people think we're on our honeymoon, dearest. It seems so funny to be stared at." He: "Very well; you carry the valise."

IT is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all—better for the jeweller, the florist, the confectioner, and sometimes for the lawyer. WIFE: "What would you do if you had no wife to lcok after your mending, I'd like to know ? " Husband: "Do ? Why, in that case I could afford to buy new clothes." VEGETARIAN ORATOR: "It is now high time that we returned to the food of our forefathers. And was was that, I ask you ? " Voice from the back of the crowd " Thistles ! "

THE worst dressed pair on record are the general who came home "covered with glory" and his wife, who went to meet him "in a hurry." THE AMIABLE PLUTOCRAT..: "But riches do

not bring happiness." The Unamiable Pauper • r "But I ain't lookin' for happiness. All I want is comfort."

SQUIRE: "You say he's a good retriever, Jorkins ?" Jorkins : Yes, sir." Squire: "'Well, 1 wish he would fetch the money I paid for him, then."

"THAT tall man seems to be the busiest person around the establishment. What does he do." "It is his duty to see whether the others are work- ing or not." PROUD CYCLIST: " Yes ; it took me about six weeks' hard work to learn to ride." Pedestrian : "And what have you got for your pains ? " Proud Cyclist : "Arnica."

HAROLD: "If I should attempt to kiss you, do you think your dog would bite me?" Ethel: "Well —ere—he has never bitten any of my other gentle- men friends."

"I THINK the murderer will escape," said one detective to another: "I'd like to know why?" "There are so many clues that it is utterly impos- sible to follow them all."

AN EASY ANSWEIL.—" Sixteen boys went to the canal on a summer's afternoon to swim," said the , teacher, "but five were told not to bathe. How many_ went in?" "Sixteen," said Sam. __

"PEcK's wife leads him rather a merry gait, I fancy." "Oh, yes ; when he wqs courting her he told her one day rho looked pretty when she was angry, and now it has got to be a habit." ForrroNE-Tw. : "You will be very poor until you are thirty-live years of age." Impecunious Toot (eagerly) : "And then ?" Fortunte Teller : "You will get used ta it." HIGH AND Low.—Judge: "Do I understand you --, to say that the parties used high words?" Witness: "Their voices were unusually high, but t.heir Words were extremely low." LIGHTNING REFINED.—This is little Dick's de- scription of his first flash of lightning and first clap of thunder: "Oh, mamma, I saw an angel go into heaven and bang the door after it." SIMON WEATHERBY (on his first trip away Iron' Meadowcroft, to a fellow-passenger) —" I say, mister, I'se never been in a kentry whar night come ez sudden as it do hyur." And each tunnel had a fresh surprise. dzsowN you," cried the angry parent. "I shall cut you off with a shilling." "Yes, sir," replied the erring son meekly, "and might I have the shilling now?" THE PARROT: "Sometimes I'm sorry I have never been captured." The Ostrich: "You are?" The Parrot: "Yes. Out here in the forest primeval one can't learn to swear properly." FUDDY-r." Honest, now, what kind of weather do you like best ?" Duddy—" That is a subject that has bothered me a good deal. On mature reflection I think the weather I like 'best is the weather we are not having at the time." THE PALMIST—" This line in your hand indi- cates that you have a very brilliant futufe ribead of you. " Simkins—" Is that so ?" The Pdmist —" Yes, but this other line indicates that you are too slow to ever catch up with it." EXCITED LADY (at the telephone) : "I want my husband, p!e;Pe, at once." Voice (from the exchange) ; "Number, please " Excited Lady (snappishly) "Only the fourth, you impudent thing."

" WitAT shall I give you as a Christmas token, de -.0 •c, S'Acilacis3a ?" " Oh, anything, de;.i,r Stephen —Any little trifle. That is, anything which costs S o that no other girl in our set.,can have one it."

" You have this word wrong," said the man who had been dictating. " I said marital,' and you have written it " martial.'" " Oh, I guess hat's al; right,'" answered the stenographer, with con- " been married myself." " 13w, surely," urged Barlow, "seeing is be- lie viilg ? ""Not necessarily," responded Dob- son; "for instance, I see you every day, but as to beieving you --" He never finished that 50,,! enoe. 1;otIE-m lAN (soliloquising) : "How silly folk are, to be sure ! Instead of living on the first floor, as used to do, I now live on the fifth, a,nl yet they will have it that I have come down in the world !" •

" YEs, darling, I love you," she murmured ; "but what about the bread your mother used to make ? " My mother never made anything that was fit to eat," he confided. And she was supremly happy, "You told me," said the infuriated purchaser, "that that brook on the farm you sold me never ran dry." "I did," said the agent." "It has been dry all summer and autumn." "When it was dry it didn't run, did it? Therefore it could not. . T navar "

===== 0002601_19030116_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FAINTING FITS.

! It is surprising what a number of people feel suddenly dizzy and faint. Such people feel afraid to ascend I stairs, to cross crowded streets or to go to public; gatherings. Like most distressing weaknesses, fainting and dizzi- ness has a cause. One of many reasons is shown by Mr. Richard Wilson, of Stamford Bridge, Yorkshire, in his letter of March sth, 1902. The opening sentences of his letter tell the whole story. "I have very great pleasure," he says," in recommend' ing "Dodd's Kidney Pills, which are a grand remedy for giddiness, pains in the back, and all kidney troubles.' Mr. Wilson suffered from these complaints for si%- years, and it was not until he began to take Dodd's Kidney Pills that he overcame his weakness. Giddiness, dizziness, and faintness are symptoms of kidney disorder caused chiefly by the irregularity of the circulation, the blood being a stream of poisons which the kidney's ought to take out of the system. The cure is a pure blood supply, and this is only gained by making the i kidneys act properly. There s nothing better in the world than Dodd's Kidney Pills for ailing kidneys. Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2/9 per box' of all eheinist,' or post free on receipt of price from The Dodds Wu' cine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue. London, E.C. Be sure of the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

Sio—p"e‘ before twelve Pris( retaarl the Be list." Mr, The thr rris( anneux

Drifor the ,11; %word throur had 11%8 cegg 0 Were t

1 i.,.,

13110,i test ic • a er 4101/ b

rinicr"-

Le mom

ns hiat-

)untry,

Lsked if

)efore I

that he , f

Ls as so let.

impels Lght.

iper !If nusible

3phant, mean

Lit what

lust ar- le ante-

;ood by :tive to

selves." roughly

m have a whis-

What "See a

achelor, on't tell

aing the 1, I see;

:tion for b's sym-

on our y to be irry the

never to [ler, the for the

. no wife know?" I could

gh time fathers. from the

are the glory"

iches di) Pauper: [ want is

etriever, "Well, for him,

t person he do." re work-

bout six lestrian : " Proud

you, do : "Well r gentle-

said one

- why?" y impos-

nt to the said the

e. How

7 gait, I courting tty when habit."

ocv Until

wennions ) Teller :

Itand you Witness: eir words

qck's de- first clap el go into

way from -" I say, tar night 311 tunnel

l'es, sir," lit I have

y I have "ou are?" ; primeval

f weather a subject n mature st is the

and ifl(li- ire

I) P.hnist

Lt yutl are

want my from the ted Lady impudent

las token, tr Stephen itich costs

I have one

3 man who

and you uessthaCs with con-

ing is be- lied. Dub- day, hut ished that

silly folk the first fifth, 11,1 d own in the

-turnmred ; ier used to thing that s supremly

purchaser, me never

"It has rhen it was could not.

eel suddenly to ascend go to publin

; and dizzi- lown by Mr- shire, in ho tences of his

recommend' d remedy for troubles." nts for six take Dodd's

GiddineS ineydisor.do circulation, the kidneYo re is a pure making ,etter In trio idneys. ill Chemistf, Dodds Medi' .C. Bo stir°

===== 0002601_19030116_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
. ..,,..,„ ..„,,,,„._.,E,_.„,,,,,,_ . ,:ci,74.. ~n,..„.,,i, ,„„?,..,,.,....,fr. • f. ~, , .16,14.,„. _.;..„,..,.. _ ~.. L. .. ..., , ....:„ .., ._.,. ~. 50,.: ~....„.„__, ~4., ...,..cts.:,,, ._.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLAR CONVENTION AT WARRINGTON.

On Saturday afternoon, the members of the No. 1 Convention, S.W. Lancashire met for their monthly session in the Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket-street. Bro. J. Parr, C.C.T., presided at the opening,when there Fasa goodattendance of representatives from Warring- ton, Earlestown, St. Helens, Widnes, Wigan, Leigh and .Ashton. Bro. R. D. Petterson,(Dt. Marshall) was invited to take the chair after the opening ceremony. After the usual business, the visiting officers presented their reports as follows :—Bro. Parr, C.C.T. (Leigh) reported i.anthel-lindley lodge; Bro. G. Clarke, C. Conn, (Earles- I,•?wnLen the Warrington and St. Helens lodges; Sister flatten, C.V.T., (Earlestown) • on the Leigh " Alpha"; :11%), Snaith,C Sec. (Ashton) on the Ashton "Excelsior"; gFis• Linden P.C.C.T. (St. Helens) "Hope of Earlestown"; nrotger Woods, C.S.J.T. on the general juvenile work,and on Newcombe (Wigan) and Jones (Widnes) sued '464 own lodges. A long discussion en- chi A 011 the work of the District Visitor, eu3r with regard to the 'Great Heart," St. Helens, Petterson, Clarke. Linden, Newman, Parr, and ,'"lth• taking part. Earlestown was selected for the toen3a.,meeting place. Votes of thanks to the Warring- 'leathers and Bro. Petterson terminated the after t-°°'s proceedings. The members then did full justice /pt. substantial tea, after which there was a speci- trict Lodge session when Bro. Petterson conferred the DL. D.L. Degree on 21 members. Public entertainment was afterwards held in the ;11tice room when Bro. J. Parr (Happy Jack) presided and e delivered a very touching address on the extrem e trd and splendid advantages of being a good te nplar. r°. Petterson also spoke, touching rather facetiously r the New Licensing Laws, saying that the new ilwe were the best thing that could be passed Or temperance people. The programme was of adt interesting character, being opened by Miss • Fry with a well-executed pianoforte solo, '.l. d ° later on the same artiste gave another solo. Miss u Hughes was very successful in "The worst girl in cliool," as also was Mr. C. J. Sheath in "Rocked in the cradle of the deep." Recitations by Misses A, Fletcher, E. Hughes, and A. Naylor were well received. Mr. C. Nurse was heard to great advantage in the rendering ' of "Don't tell mother," for which he was recalled. Miss Carridge sang in first-class style the songs "Ora Pro Nobis " and "Daddy," for the latter of which she was loudly encored. Miss L. Jowett was successful in a rendering of "The Amorous Goldfish." Mr. W.Grittiths Was encored for a &inlet solo. The humour of the evening was in the hands of Messrs. Warburton and Neweomb,,, who caused roars of laughter by their items. he ..hief feature of the evening was the Performance of two groups of children from the Juvenile Te:nple. A number of boys carrying rifles, , twords and flags gave a " Marching Song ' and went throueli the drill with military precision, and a group cly tti red girls, adorned with flowers, executed a ell, graceful " Flower Dance." Encores were deruan- Cq in each case. The training of the young artistes been in the capable hinds of Miss Edith Lee, who h'ehlv congratulated at the close on the great suc- Zne of her efforts. Jr.: W. Jowett and Miss B. Lee Were the ,:reompines. The usual votes of thanks ter- iial the nroeee,,in7s.

:iectric

o. place at Tuesday cil with regard t 3 the provi- .er to a quesiiou

the W Rirml

meeting at

I', wit

at the (.1

no seller

ectxicity

unal)1( mar!if`: . hev

v assuram !lied the

!r:1 use they profitable

with the r

chemical

Were as.i;e(l fiyure;•-in i.ivennon' xvlte

etricity at.

ilt that they

ridiculonsl:v

lines less' tlLiti thi

plice in

was charged —it was pointed king wai very profitable, and

Ligutmg the cheap Wi,inc

would be

;teenrity DI A rat Vgyonrootr.he thb ~, rt, , E 9 rt

te)nall Pill. ,nall Doze. n Price

ii.r.iolutely cure S'iwk Heldache, Stiousness. Torpid Live,. Judi- E:uLic n, Constipation, Dizziness. rred To.ague. They Touch the er. be we tar. gtsmatl

Aske is bl/4 nut. ktt iTTLE IVERI NILS Lia,

===== 0002601_19030116_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
SOVENT

Will Sweeten On: Breath all day. and make all the dUfference bio• oveen-- _ _

• flood Teeth and Bad Teetb. V7hi'so feeth and Yellow Teeth Pretty Teeth and Tilly Teeth Complete in Toiler '-se HP! Too* kevgi:a.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
--..1111101111111111111111111...--..-. -- _ •

1011110_ ragi

===== 0002601_19030116_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RU:33Y LEA TJE.-. FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points For twit Sep. 6 Swinton away 012 13 Brighouse Rangers 20 St Helens 27 Runcorn Oct 4 Batley 11 Salford 18 Halifax 25 Leigh Nov. 1 Hull *8 Oldham 15 Brlughton Vangtrs away 0 0 22 Kingston Rovers 29 Hunslet Dec 6 Wiwan home Postponed 13 Widnes away 5 0 20 Bradford 25 (Christmas Day) Leigh.-- away 2 3 a Huddersfield I away 3 8 19,?3 00 07

3 Swint on 10 Bright-nue Rangers 17 St • ele ns home 24 Rumor u 31 Batley Feb. 7 Salfo-d

14 Cup 'lie 21 Cup lie _ _ _ _

24 Shrove Tuesday .. 28 Hull home Mar. 7 Oldham 14 Broughton Rangers home 21 Kingston Hovers 28 itimslet Apr. 4 Wigan 10 (Good Friday) HaMax....— home 11 Widnes horns 13 (Caster MondAY) 18 Bradford 21 Huddersfield

===== 0002601_19030116_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points 1902 For agst dep 1 Hunslet home 15 5 6 Widnes 13 Bradford 20 Huddersfield _ _

ii Warrington Oct 4 Brighouse Rangers 11 St Helens 18 Swinton. Nov 1 Salford 8 Halifax 15 Leigh 22 Hull

29 Oldham .. Dec 6 Broughton Bangers 13 Hull K Hovers borne 21 0 20 Hunslet borne Postponed 26 Batley 27 Wigan away 3 2 1903 Jan 3 Widnes P ... away 0 3 10 IBradlord 17 Hud ierstield 24 Warrington 31 Brighouse Hangers away Feb 7 S.Helens 24 Swinton 28 Salford Mar 7 Halifax 14 Leigh home 21 Hull away 23 Oldham • borne Apr 4 Broug ton Rangers away 11 Hull Kingston Hovers 13 Batley hone 18 Hunelet away ' 25 Wigan

===== 0002601_19030116_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points. 1902 For Aget Sep 6 Runcorn 13 Batley 05 27 36 12 3

20 Salford 27 Halifax home Oct 4 Leigh away 11 Hull 18 Oldham away

2c, Brunwhton RangPra away Nov 1 Hull Kingston Rovere home 8 Hunslet

_ . 15 Wigan borne 22 Swinton away 29 Br+dforti .. Dec 6 Huddersfield away 13 Warrington 20 Brighouse Rangers 27 St. Helens home 1903 Jan 1 Oldham home 3 Runcorn home 10 Batley away

_ 17 Salford 24 Halifax ...... .......... away 31 Leigh Feb 7 Hull .. away

___ . 28 Bull Ring•ton Rovers ...... ... away Mar 7 Hu,olet . 14 Wigan away . 21 Swinton horn. 28 Bradford.. Aprl CaHucniersßeld 11 Warrington 13 Brom hon Rangers 18 Brighouse Rangers home 25 St. Helens away

• DR LOCOCK'S PULMONIC WAFERs give instant relief and rapidly cure Asthma Consumption, Couphs,Colds Bronchit,, and all disorders of the throat, breath, and lungs In hysterical, nervour,and heart complaints, they are unfailin In Rheumatic And Nervous complaints they act like a charrn. Nothing else 4 Pres such a sound. refreshing night's rest r singers and speakers Dr. Locock's Wafe-s are invaluable for clearing and strengthening the voice. They taste pleasantly. Sold by all druggists at Is IP and 2s 9d per box. (4). CLARRIt'S B 41 PILLb are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 yee.rs. In boxes 4e. Sd each, of all Chemists and Palent Medicine Vendors throaph- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Linccln and Midland Counties Drug Company.

F tom MN r; 1— ro _ THE TEETH _AND BREATH.: -Thoroatoy

cleanses tbtrteeth from all parasites or impurities, harctPo the gums, preys., ti tartar. stops decay, and ghee to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price qs. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Fiorillo, " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.

dtt VALUABLE DM ZOVEBY FO U THE €ll A 111.-11 your hair tcrning grey or ,bite or falling off use the MEXICAN He ii RENEwrti, tor It will positively restore, in every case, Rroy fit white hair to its original colour. it makes the hair charmingly beautiful, a. we las promoting the growth. Price 3s 6cl for bottle.— AS IV To MoiltEgs.—Mrs Win. low's Soothing Synip has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their tildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the ynorsuftcrer immediateiy It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natursi n-ict siert>, try relieving the child from pai, anti the Illtit t:berub awakes '' ,is bright as ii button." Of all Chemists Is lid per 'W.'s. Ailyt

===== 0002601_19030116_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
PILES AND INDIGESTION

CURED.

Do not neglect PILIiS. Fistula may follow. ILBUTr3 CURB is the only safe and eff.ctual roma ly for inward, out- ward and bleeding Pllea or Fistula. it acts like a charm on the Blood, and ',awes Uim to disappear like magic. It is a positve cure for the most acute forms of Chronic IndTges than. One bottle will convince you, price Is. lfd. boidby BOOTS and all Cnemists.

Post paid from KtUTY AND CO., HALIFAX,

EVERY WOMAN

Shotdd ;end two stamps for onr 32 page Illustratea Boq;i

containing valuable information how all Irregularities and

Obstructions may be entirely avoideo ‘,r removed by simple

means. Fecnmmended by eminent Physicians. a 9 the (-411

Safe. Sure, and Genuine Remedy. Never Falb. Tbousanei

of testimonials. Mr P BLANCEARD, Dalston-lard, London

===== 0002601_19030116_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INSTANTLY BY Prevents Decay, Saver BUNTER'S .?.trk, Tr Prevented. ights *'euralgic Headaches and all Nerve Paine remtwed by 114INTItIt'S NI r pvigr VINR. All Chemists, Is. Id, or h w post free on receipt of stamps to Depilt, 14, Whit- Lion street, Norwich.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 16, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
ON LOCAL CHURCHES.

IVyclifie P.S.A. Society. The 'fleeting of this society was presided over by Mr. T. L. Robins, who spoke on Gods watchfulness, thought- fulness and care over His people. No matter what trouble, loneliness or difficulties befel us, God was always the same re'ady to help and cheer. Mr. C. Fooks, of Manchester, was the speaker, and he delivered an address on " Judas and Peter.' Both of these men, he pointed out, were guilty men, but one was pardoned and the other not, because Judas sought not forgiveness by true repentance. When Judas thought of Christ in all that he had seam Him in, full of goodness and love to all around, he could not look upon Christ again, but destroyed himself. If he had truly turned to Christ he would have found mercy and forgiveness. The attitude of Judas was compared with that of Peter after his denial of Christ. Christ loved and forgave Peter because he was ‘, >rry for wrong doing. The speaker proceeded o hold up Peter's attitude as an example to be followed.—The service was also taken part in by Mr. G. Smiley, Mr. D. Owen and Mr. Farrar (hon. secretary). Holy Trinity Church.

There were good congregations at this church on Sun- day when the annual choir festival was held. The Vicar preached at the morning service. A voluntary "As pants the hart," with variations was skilfully played by the organist, Mr. Percy Randall: Miss P. Houghton, of Daresbury, gave a feeling interpretation of the song "0 Divine Redeemer," and Miss Alice Longdin effectively sang Liddle's "Abide with me." Miss M. Leigh and Mr. F. H. Randall gave a creditable rendering of Handel's "Largo" on their violins, while Mr. T. D. Amos sang the sacred song "Nazareth" (Gounod) in good style. The choir ably rendered the anthem "Break forth into joy." The Magnific,at and Num: Dimittis were sung to settings by Maunder in G and it may be stated that the Cathedral Psalter is in future to be used in the church. The Vicar delivered an address, and spoke in high terms of the efficiency of the choir, and explained that the collections would be devoted to the purchase of new music. In the even- ing the preacher was the Rev. A. Inglis. The collec- tions for the day amounted to about £lO.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
The Free Churches.

The Evangelical Free Churches of Warrington held their annual exchange of pulpits and united communion service on Sunday evening. The exchange of pulpits was greatly appreciated by the various congregations, and the large attendance at the united communion service was an evidence of the unity of spirit amongst, the Evangelical Free Churches of the town. At Wycliffe Congregational Church, the preacher was the Rev. Her- bert Dunnico ; at Emmanuel Reformed Church, Rev. G. H. Carnson; at Bold-street Wesleyan Church, Rev. J. L. Milne, B.D. ; at Bewsey-street Wesleyan Church, Rev. J. F. Matthews; at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Church, Rev. J. G. Reed; at Golborne-street Baptist Church, Rev. A. G. D. Gee; at Latchford Baptist Church, Rev. W. C. J. Neville ; at St. John's Presbyterian Church,Rev. J. Yonge: at Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church, Rev. R. W. Rees. The united communion service was held shortly ' after the termination of the usual services. The Rev. John Yonge presided,and extended a cordial welcome to all present. He trusted that as the result of the prayer meetings during tho past week and the united corn-' mnnion service- that day, they would have a new baptism of the holy ghost. For this let them pray and work. The Rev. G. H. Carnson, the superintendent Wesleyan minister, delivered an address and pointed out that they were met that night as a community of Christian churches. For the nonce they sank their differences of opinion on matters of Christian doctrine and were one in Christ. He proceeded to speak on the meaning of the communion service and of the import- ance of the pledge which the sacrament conveyed.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Paul's Church.

The offertories at - this Church on Sunday were on behalf of the Church of England Incorporated Society for providing homes for waifs and strays, and the ser- vices were well-attended. The Vicar (Rev. W. Brace- camp) was the preacher in the morning, and the Rev. E. Tarbuck, Vicar of St. George's Altrincham, and formerly Vicar of St. Paul's, occupied the pulpit in the evening. The rev gentlemen emphasised the good work done by the Society and appealed to the congregations for liberal contributions. What is called a "pound" service was held in the afternoon. The members of the congregation each brought a pound of tea, rice,flouroSce., wrapped in white paper and these were placed in front of the altar and afterwards taken to one of the homes for use by the waifs and strays. In regard to the work of the Society it is intereting to note that the Liverpool Diocesan Branch has four homes and over 180 children, with one other at Southport for cripples, maintained by the Northern Children's Union. The Society's objects are to rescue, maintain, and start in life, children who have been left destitute, or whose parents or relations prove, after the fullest investiga- tion,unable to provide for the n. The houses are not large institutions—with few exceptions 30 children constitute the limit of one home—and are for boys learning carpen- try, printing, farming, or gardening • some for girls training for domestic service, laundry-work, needle- work, stocking or slipper-making. Very young children Are boarded out with carefully chosen foster parents. Three receiving homes in Canada provide security for emigrated cases. The income from this diocese is now about £2,Boo—The offertories for the day realized .Cl 5 ss. `2.d.

HE hESI FAALY MEDIC;NE.

KAYE'S WORSDELL S PILLS

Area certain eure f lud gesti.m, Hiliouaness, tiea 1-he Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, 15 lid, 25 9d, aLd 4s 6d per box, Or free on receipt of s' amps to Depot, 14, White Lion-stre Norwich

===== 0002601_19030116_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
DI A TUBE OF

t•l•setc •-• • ' itz;ILL ji4e: j°47,14"' se* sg':elf:4ii: . v..-; • 17. . ' •

===== 0002601_19030116_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
;oe Sprains, Stra7ns, Rhzumatism

Sufferers from Lumba and all Deep-Seated Pains will find

Ref.

Price 1/11 per tube, of Chemists and Patent Medicine everywhere. HOIVIOCEA &Ad., 33, King triiiiir-ma Street, London, E.G.

_;__

'1"777°771rn',7'i

===== 0002601_19030116_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
cAsk your grocer for ir !

===== 0002601_19030116_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
-:-:-:--- 11---MtEE 0140

C

-35 YEARS -,-PROVEN EFFICACY.

AN EVER READY I:HOUSEHOLD REMEDY_ i LOOSENS PHLEGM. •:• ALLAYS COUGH:. GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF.

CLINUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. FOR INDIGESTION 6. ITS EVILS. SICK+IEADACHE BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • &C. - ANAGREEABLE APERIENT. • •Ird•

>77 - KAY 6 TIC PILLS CURE FACEACHE 8. NEURALGIA

e 4 REFUSE 5U857777/TES. •:•• 3GLD fIY ALL CHEMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT BRI TAI N & THE coLomies,

.„.. , _„.._. ..... - UNbi; , „ 4 E MARK ! "jrI"IP 1 fillb { ‘''' s- ''' 'IP cSeiliCelrillSOV t, .„; ,0%.‘ . .... '4° . 4.t• ::;7/a6 CoillPfeo'-- ..ti,c`fe, FoR .!...A., ......,,,.. 4 ~.'•;: .. OUGMS-'' sick;:iiy,,, n. ' - iftTh'elH...* i . 'I, ;P.'t- 04‘4'eOLEFIZ .., : /.:...A,S,11111A1B:R_OliC_IlITIS:. -, , ~.:. C ..,1.....

===== 0002601_19030116_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
•••= • \ f LT-1 • P s GOLD & GEM JEWELLER

-

Gold et Pearl Lac,

trilliants, 12 10E1

B, ..,-....? iN.S b" :It IN "'"',im' • Vacs -‘t 1 OCKS Marble, Ormolu, 9 Wood, etc., for DINING, DRAWING ROOM, LIBRARY, or HALL, £2 to £lOO.

Estimates for Clocks for Churches, Factories, or Public Buildings, free of charge. _

To Visitors to London An inspection of the New Clock .Show Rooms is specially invited.

NITATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at our risk to V V all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O.

OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN tg) IN EXCHANGE. -pENSONS BOOK of CLOCKS, WATCHES from LO £2 to £5OO. CHAINS. ENUAGEMENT RINGS BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL PLATE" and CUTLERY, Post Free.

J.w BENSte id.,

The Sl'eaffts Far;tfer,y-

a I _a 32 & 645 LUDO:ATE HE LITON Mahogany Brass Striking Clock, NOTE. Or,-.er Form S.: P.,rtienlars or "TrrE TIMES" . _ _ _ . _

.9

gi;;Zn—oi Purchase, Post Free.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

- English and Foreign Picture Fames. livery r,quieite for the trade. Ilegildlig a Speciality. Largest BtO3lr o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN 13,0 K. New Edition, thoroughly revised and eularge4 to ISO pages, JUST PUBLISHED. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer Gloss. Glass Stock lists free on application I. MORELL 17 aqd 18, :GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W C , • •

Warehouses: 11, 12 and 13, Neal' Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—" Rabbitry, London."

. . e Pin, 10/- i Fine Gold Chain Bracelet, £3 Hs. - , , SELECTIONS - .. ea"- 1, •---..••:,ii--4,,:. rThA,At -4.:1 114-j ---1.44477**32:, ,Ls.: . . • tilA.A.Orr APPROVAL.. ...........- - Fine Gold Brooch, 21/- Fine Gold & Pearls, 37/- LARGEST STOOK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD. _ ---------,, @, K ..-,l7TV.:5't •'' , ' , 1475F0-FT VIP ' 4' V 4 (!) . (7. C , ,P, • ' : ' _ . .. , • • rirLIN.,IO:-/ ' ' n....,,,r Brilliant, £lO Pearls S; Rubies, 28/- II Brilliants and Ruby lean,, 25/- or Sapphires, £9 . , G . .. - • •—•••,.: ...‘y--;,-,..p4-,..-.. —,,-,- • , i ,;,.. ..,.„•:----...--- • •;4 . • :,....,5z,„:„.1...,_1„.,,, ~... *.i'.'s.;;'-i-7..P., 4,5. . • •'• • •.''',scc* . , ~: s '4./•;:'.;/,',/ -1z •I . . ''.?,-.VO'',-, .. '. ~,..e.r.• • . it;,*,....:-.4,-;:ir- . i.,. - • ,4.,... .'. ti iLI • ..."''. ,-.. r 4,-, --' •-...,Xt-7,..:. , yo 1,.... . 'II .. ~) ,:, :: ,f, • , •„.'tz: \ 8 A 1 , ~,,, o• ~..:,., ... •7 ,". ‘i, ~,,/ .„1,1 , A a,. ,t. • -5,,,, ...,....s1 • J.-7, il,„ i.•. 0 (.-- : . .‘ .' • ..., _•it,,-.- Aioil ! i Zi . ,-':" ':i."1,0011r.f; 2'• -,, „, tvi , 4.?1.. . . ‘ ,'„,iii.iii II :,611,0111111.0, • 'l'4, t. ' I-, . • ~.,,„ ~,,, „,,, ci;,... ..,, ~, !, , , .0 . .‘ . Li,',..., &,,,;1,4 .4,;,1; ii il it •., - , -_----• ,:,,,, .. . . ,i, : .i, ;....; N•,, , 4":47:' ------- ----___. ' • 4........, , 7... ;...;.9,' ',''''.l-''.--=_,•--I".__,,ilPrlKNii. ,--,_*" , ;'' --_ ' ' '''447,*• , 1 .t,7,3; tr:-. , ----- . -4, ----4

===== 0002601_19030116_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WOT A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
itroc, VIVA, if° Vo: te . • ,- • telkrl • 4. 1.••• r3;4%.' •:!i: • 4 • ft:- 41,7. - • ' ."1.• 4°l 4 - .1,1011. r • A*, • ' '-••,r•7.4 414 . • e. . ,;;;, .4•4 V

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Mak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Wsordered Lker & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, ThomAs BEECITAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

Wini a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yeL we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simpie for. Take some good Compound such a

===== 0002601_19030116_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKL.e3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, rn- little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answei• their purposes so weii, may be 'set down as the best.—Observer.

RE E OM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Po, e • .T:..E'S

ANTIBILIN. "US PILLSz

OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. --2;or BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

I._ . . ALL SKIN TROUBLES ' . ECZ l'-:• )11 A • and ali other skin affee- ', tions inszently relieved , ii .. • y 3 •,,, ~ac . speedily cured by . liusitas .; Rusitas- - ...... Post Free 1/1 1 , . 1:, FOR SAMPLR, New Bridge Street, . MAN 11}NTER. . .. . sammilsgegAseadakwect

.:wc*liw.cyorgilarkim

NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPH.

NEW FRENUII ERMTADY.

HE Vt OkLD-RENOK NED 1 ALKING It Talk

MA( HIE

Reduced ti 6

t

EEt()IIDS 477. ro.°Lumit Hal'rb,dB4ll, le 3d. eeel. V sit.- r J ists. rut Free. SKI' t/ I, OR ILid evi HATO) OeTeI.6GUE List ci Necoroe. tiii.te os• d Making. - - . • .

, ,

.S Send fr.- ' int. of Part, PoST FRP E. AG N I Arj RA , 1)1P T:

NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPHS, WATERFIEILD, CLIFFORD, & Co., Ltd., Dept. W.E. 40, Hatton Garden, Holborn Circus, London, MINNIEIMMINEMISMINMUMEME

„ ,

'-"p

-BE Gi.‘ ATEST k BOON e7nr eon-

rred to the Laundress Or imparting an Ivory nbih to Starched Mien, Laces, etc., tc ,es not stick to spider- - like materials. cc tried always ,wanted. Used in the oyal Laundries.

hould be used in houses. Sold by most Starch Selleta—n Pack.-t, at 3d and ed. Preparedicilly by I CIUTCHLEY, Blackburn.

Pt This successful and big ly HMI A i )N. popular remedy, as em ' ployed in the continental Hospitals by Hieard Ifostan, Jobe .4 Velpenn so,d others. surpak;es everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood. spots, blotches, pains and ewe!- ins of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary disease- ,trietute, discharges. piles, gravel, Pains in the back sten- natisin gout, sleeplessness., nervous ana physical eshaus Iberstpion is prepared in three sliffarent form . nod according to disenAes for which Intended Volt partic lara send stamped Caddressed snvelope for •.Mphlo It. JOHNSON 11 :-,oilfrOarb-,QUATIF,', LoNDCO , E.

DR. DE ROODS. CO.YIPOUND RENAL PILLS

as: over the world as the most cafe an Pain: in the Bock Gravel, Lutntmgo. WealtneAt across the Loins, 4....3••andy or tune in inc iiladcicr. Discharges. an o li.idneys and Urinary Organs generally. _ •mt,posed to be nervous often arise solely , 'ol the Wool a.O certairt imporittes h••ilet been carried off bi the ~icineys. Every r. tbe Government stamp, With the words. 4, 'lOO ~ LONDON," thereon by order of Jetninissiotsers, Price is. lid. an Meoiokne Houses, or port free trent Proprietor uouorri—aluare.

D. It all gs. It Plays. :0 lit I ,%iOl/1 s' 6/. ‘y _ ~. ...."1.: Reduced to - .ac h . _...----e!.....1111---1' LI" I 74 Each. 1 5.,1 E... -T, Lit ii-APR,T. .d. Ai

,Eki)( '''‘ ---"„ ,Ve":"4='",Te3.7, , -4, 1* 10 ~..4 i.' IZ ~ .41 •,,, I c.., ' . 1.1,7 ,a,,1 , 10 . ' t;.., -: "s' ~.,. - %,,,__,L.,,.--"' 76.1. .'4 t' ' 1-%z '''', • ' ''Xp.,,t Cchena. ' • -,;...'..,*,- s. ,',.. 1 it - , ):- .---," 'oe -, ,'•,•--,,,...„ ." : t•I:A1,-,4.- •"•'?.v` • , .- L -•••' , . . , , . • ..t.it ~. i l'' N. -tt!' t i A ~ , :,,,1 4 i li, R. , ° ' 14„-...-,,,....C: lv ,15.., ~,,..,...

===== 0002601_19030116_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CURED BY

===== 0002601_19030116_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19030116_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030116_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
BUSINE3B

GROWS

GROWS

===== 0002601_19030116_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

CUSTOMERS

CONSTANTLY

===== 0002601_19030116_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
REALIZ 1 NG

WORTH

===== 0002601_19030116_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
BENEFIT

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

BOOTS

11001'S CASE I._itiEMISTS

of persowal luxury, such as Perfumes and Toilet Articles, which form the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents. ROOTS era now th,, largest buyers. and the immense quantity we buy enables us to purchase so cheaply that we are able to give customers surh a benefit of low prices as cannot be afforded by any other firm, PERFUMES Make very acceptable presents for young or old. Good quality, 6d. size Is. size Sjci. ; Es. 6d. size is. 9d. Violette de Parme - White Rose Jokey Club Carnation Sweet Pea Heliotrope Lilac Waidlower Lily of the Valley btephanotis

Priees per bottle le 3d. is. Bd. 2s. Od. 2s. Bd. 3s. 6d. 60. 9d.

Out glass bottles filled, from 2s. 64. to 10s. 6d. A FINS SIILHOTION OF BEAUTIFUL CASKETS, containing one, two, or three bottles of the above odours, from Is. 6d. to 81. 11d. ABU DR 90LOGNB Jersey Castle-Brand, 2s. 6d. bottle Is. 6d-; 4s. bottle 2s. 103. Sliver Cologne, Is. bottle for 7d.; 2s. 6d. for Is. 2d. Golden Cologne, 11. bottle for 83/4d 2s. 6d. for is. 4 Toilet Bottles from is. 6d. rrei6Er ARTICLES are always useful, but many that W 6 sell are ornamental also. A glance at this sbo:t list will show you some o' the Dias things we keep in this line Hair Prushes from ls. Dressing Combs from 40. Hand Mirrors from 6d. Nail Brushes. Puff Boxes. Tooth brushes. Pocket Combs. Tooth Powder Boxes. Scent Sprays, splendid assortment. Fringe Nets Rub' er Sponges Smelling and Toilet Bottles.

GOODS

TOILET SOAPS IN GREAT VIIIIIITY. Honey Curd, Bide: Flower, Brown Windsor, 2d. per tablet; 8 tablets for is. •Glycerine and Cucumber. White Rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 20. per tablet ; 5 tablets for Is., Castile Soap, 3. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soaps suitable for the most delicate skins as follows t Violette de Parma, usual tid, tablet for 3iel. is. 6d box (3 tablet. 104 Grey Oatmeal, usual 6d, tablet for 3id• ; Is 6d. box (3 tablets) I.od, Marshmallow and Glycerine, 6d. tablet tor 34c1,; Is, Bd. box (3 tablets) 10d. Cold Cream and Honey, 6d. table ; is. 6d. box 10d. Honeysuckle and Be" choice Soap ticliatte'y perfumed, usually sol-l. at about 10d. per tablet; our price ti/d. e can recommmend this particulars line of Choice Soaps with all confid- nee.

PRICES.

BOOTS CASH (3HEIIISTS.

5' BRIDGE STREFIr'} WARRINGTON. 126, BRIDGE S'IREET,

CYCLE INFIRMARY

IS THE SHOP TO TAICR TOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS NO JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLB IN A FBW HOURS. FREE W HEELS FITTBD IN TWO DAYS._

TYRBS RB-Riliiiiiiii6Al,l6 B-11:i.IN-BD BQUA TO

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

FOR FANCY ARTICLES Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstances undertake to return the manuscripts which are not used.

The Council and the Inquiry.

Sir.—May I be allowed to make through your columns an earnest appeal, to the Mayor, Aldermen and Coun- cillors of the County Borough of Warringtonto re-con- sider their action at the last Council meeting. _

In view of the probable consequences, an in the in- terest of peace and quietness may I venture to suggest that it might be the most advisable fo; all parties, for the proposition of the non-traders' to be allowed to stand as suggested by the resolution passed by the Council, but as far as I can gather, rescinded at the last meeting. The representatives of the non-traders in the Council have received their mandate direct from the ratepayers and if their wishes be utterly disregarded, the effect must be, that the agitation will break out in a more violent form.

This is the only natural conclusion to arrive at; for the evident fear manifested by the Council in seeking to limit the inquiry will increase the feeling of suspicion which unfortunately has been created by the desire in the past to keep back the information thepablic desired to have. _ _ _

If there is nothing wrong or improper why shouldany investigation be dreaded and if everything proves hon- est anesatisfactory it is much better that the Council and the public should be thus assured, at the earliest possible moment. As a Ratepayer who signed the requisition to our present Mayor to honour the town by accepting the position, I hope he will quite understand that none of us have the slightestidea of questioning his impartiality and good judgment, hilt the fear is, he has not taken the course adopted on his own initiative, but probably has been officially advised and has littlepersonal feeling one way or the other. Personally, I, along with many townsmen are parti- cularly gratified by his acceptance of the Mayoralty and we trust he will not entertain the idea of resigning, through this little friction, but will continue to hold office and see the thing through to the satisfaction of the ratepayers. Whether the latter are right or wrong in their modest request it is not for me to determine, but I hope the members of the Council who differ from them,will in the interests of good Government, peace,and good-will, accede to what they demand, and set at rest this feeling of uncertainty now existing,—faithfully yours, R. A. NAYLOR. West End Hotel,Pwllheli, January 14th, 1903.

Our readers will recollect that at the Council meet- ing Mr. Naylor refers to, Mr. Dodds' resolution was not rescinded, as the motion in the name of Alderman Monks was not voted upon.—EDIToR, "Examiner."

===== 0002601_19030116_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
NNW IN TWO DAYS

ALL WORK GUARINTBRD.

Cycles built to order from Perry', t., and hater Lee fittings, Agent for PalmerTyres.

NOTE ADDRESS, D. H GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY,

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE 00 If PLAIT -NI PS. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Ant Welch; continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rem the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained or it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Stnitbets, who is ti's only person in possession of the ORIGIN..L RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper. and signed on the Catrtde I tbel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the oole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & Sot. 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's London. are engraved en the Government Stamp. &impi boxes at 2s 9d each tr most Chemists.

MERSEY STREET, WARRINGFON,

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, E.& up- V V ALTON " BICYCLE £lO I.os.

THE BEST VALUE ON BeS.RTH.

MADE TO ORDER FROSIIB.S.A. FITTINGS. ANY TYRES.

W. H. IRELAND & CO

VVALTON CYCLE WORKS,

ORRAT SANRRY. T 1 &R WARRINGTON.

731 BUTTERNIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

A FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGOON AND HORSES INN." THIS ESTABLISHMENT is OPEN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 o'cLoci FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONICLES, &c. ALL OTHER NEWSPAPER PERIODICALS, MAGAZINES ON SALE. -

The Gentry living in the Warrington Country Poets District can be supplied by the first early post with any o the above Newspapers by sending their oriers to the above address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF

JOHN ALLEN,

LATH OF CHADWICK'S, SCOTLAND-ROAD.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THII WHOLB SINTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB LOSS OF APPIITITB. CURIkt DBPRBSSION OF SPIRITS. CURB ALL DISORDBRS OF TB BrDOD, CURB LASSITUDB AND NKRVOUSNBSS.

DR. SCOTT'S PI LLS Are prepired only by W. LAMBRIIT, 173, BBYMOUR PLACER, LONDON. W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine nstead, but ineiat upon having the right thing, which in wrapped in eguare green package. By poet for 13 or 33 stamps.

J. S GARLAND, SOLB AGENT FOR LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS- THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES ry IIIE EXCELSIOR CYCLES

WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL. RIM BRAKES AT THE

===== 0002601_19030116_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTONISHIRG PRICE OF

TEN GUINEAS. AIM MB BEST VALUE THE WORLD HAS YBT

PRODLTORD.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
FOLB AGENT FOR

EXCELSIOR IMOTOR CLES,

BEE TRIAL AILOwED T. INTENDING !PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED LT THE SHOWROOMS.

51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Enquirer's Reply' to Mr. R. A. Naylor.

Sir,—From the tone of Mr. Naylor's last letter it is abundantly evident that I have demolished his position. He began this discussion by accusing somebody whom he either cannot or will not name, of "picking the pockets of the ratepayers." When taken to task for his unjust accusations, in a short and capable letter by Mr. Monks, Mr. Naylor rejoined by charging this gentleman with "personal abuse" and "scurrilous language." To myself, Mr. Naylor cannot find words sufficiently vituperative to apply, simply because he is unable to refute my statements and, in lieu of argument, gives in his letters a most apt illustration of the old Attorney's advice to his junior" when you have no case, abuse the other side." Mr. Naylor lays very great stress on the fact of my " anonymity " but, if my statements are true and my deductions logical, how is Mr. Naylor's position adversely affected simply because I choose to conceal my name? Does Mr. Naylor forget or is he so ignorant as not to know, that the most powerful factor on the side of the Non-Traders has been, not the Parr Hall meetings,but the recognised organ of;the Committee —the " Warrington Times," in which, week after week, written under no signature, have appeared insolent, abusive and false statements which, by the gratuitous circulation of the paper have created that atmosphere of distrust of neariy all our public men which has been so despicable a feature of the agitation. Does Mr. Naylor justify the men under whose auspices this kind of "hitting below the belt " has been carried on. Is Mr. Naylor playing the man" in allowing himself to be dragged into the forefront of a "cause" which has to descend so low to secure its objects? Has Mr. Naylor, in all the years that he has been occupied in business in Warrington ever shown himself in the slightest degree interested in our civic affairs until coincident with the defeat of his firm in competition for a tender for wood blocks he appeared on the plat- form of the Non-Traders? I leave him to answer these pertinent questions and pass on again for a moment to his attitude in regard to the alleged nuisance at Thel- wall. In this matter Mr. Naylor has spared nobody who ventured to differ from him—he has written letters by the score, grammatical and otherwise, roundly abusing the local authority differing with the officials, pitching into the supposed culprits, deploring the havoc wrought by disease and death,thought by him to be resultant from the "nuis- ance "and yet, it has never occurred to him, rich man as he is either to go to law with the delinquents or better to put his hand in his pocket as the "charit- able benefactor " of the district and put a stop to all the mischief by carrying out what he believes to be the necessary sanitary reforms at his own cost. It is a very easy matter for Mr. Naylor to write letters from London and Pwllheli denouncing the evil which is supposed to exist at Thelwall, but such letters don't afford much help to the poor folks whose want of means makes it impossible for them to leave the district,and I put it to Mr. Naylor that there are other forms of "cowardice" which some rich men indulge in compared with which the writer, who states facts under an anoymous signa- ture,has naught to be ashamed of. Yours Brc. EN QUIRE R.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONDON POISONING CASE. More Evidence Against Chapman.

The charges of poisoning three women—Maud Eliza Marsh, in October, 1902, Bessie Taylor. in February, 1901, and Mary Isabella Spink, in August, 1837—pre- ferred against Severino Kolsowsky, otherwise George Chapman, late landlord of the Crown Inn, Borough, were further investigated on Tuesday, before Mr. Cecil Chapman, at the Southwark Police Court, London. Several witnesses gave evilence as to the prisoner's life at Hastings. One stated that Chapman and the woman who passed as his wife quarrelled, and the woman afterwards was taken ill. A female said she lent the prisoner four volumes of the "Family Physician." Alice Pensold said that about six years ago she was in the employment of Mrs. Field at Hastings. She became acquainted with Chapman and walked out with him about three times. Once she told the prisoner she had a cold, and he said he would give her something to do her cold good, adding that he had been in a hospital. He sent her a note and some powders. She did not take the powders; she threw them on the fire. He asked her if she lad taken them, and she answered "No." The prisoner made no reply to that. Once when he wrote from Hastings he signed himself George Smith, but when writing from London he signedhimself George Chapman. The London letter bore the address "Prince of Wales, St. Luke's," and asked witness to come to London and see him. Witness did not accept the invitation, and she had not heard from Lhe prisoner since. The prisoner was again remanded.

FUNERAL_ OF MRS. SMITH, NEWTON.. •

The funeral of Mrs. James Smith;of Brookside, New: ton, whose death we chronicled last week, took place an Saturday at Ince Cemetery. Previous to the cortege leaving Newton, d short service was held in St. Peter's Church, the Rev. James Ryder officiating. Amongst those present in the Church were the Rev. J. Carson, Messrs. R. Stone, C. B. F. Borron, R. Barton, &c. The cortege afterwards proceeded by road •to Ice. The chief mourners were Mr. Arthur Smith, Mr. W. H. Smith, Mr. J. P. D. Smith, and Mr. Sydney Smith (sons), Mrs. Bradley (Manchester), Mrs. Watkins and Mrs. Woods, Wigan (daughters). There were also present : Drs. Bradley. and H. Watkins (sons-in-law), Mrs. A. Smith, Mrs. J. Smith (Wigan), Mr. G. Clarke, Miss Pennington, Mr. G. Airey, Mr. R. Airey, Miss Airey, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Watkins and Dr. Watkins. There were a large number of wreaths from relatives and friends.

-

===== 0002601_19030116_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT "UPON THE

STOMACPI, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS,

_ , SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other known remedies. This is now conceded by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Veno. and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world contain- ing seaweed, for that reason Veno's Seaweed Tonic is used in hospitals and by doctors themselves 'because of its superior curative properties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it performs, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. It is a god-send to sufferers from indigestion, wind, headache, general weakness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood, and HABITUAL CONSTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEA- WEED TONIC. Prices Is. 11c1. and 2s. 9d. at chemists nd medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0151.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_. •

===== 0002601_19030116_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030116_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, Januacy 16, 1903.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL Rugby Football. Dr. Latham and Lord Newton's Gift.

By " Ovalist."

The unexpected did not happen on Saturday, and the weak team Warrington sent to Brighouse was defeated by 7 points to nil. This is not a severe beating, but as the Rangers had only won three matches previ- ously, it makes Warrington appear rather "small beer." The cloud has still to lift and show the -silver lining. Just now the Warrington club's supporters are despondent.

111-hick again attended the Warrington team on Saturday, for the loss of the toss had a great deal to do with the result of the game. During the first half Warrington had to face a regular blizzard of snow and rain as well as play uphill, and it was while they laboured under these disadvantages that Brighouse scored their seven point'). In the second half War- rington had the better of the play but were unable to score, though Hockenhall had a try disallowed.

The two "A " teamers, Bailey and Hunter, both acquitted themselves very well and gave such satis- faction that they are selected for the St. Helens match which comes off to-day, weather and other circum- stances permitting. Hallam shone again in defensive work and saved Knight frequently when the latter was none too steady: The forwards also did well and got the better of the Brighouse eight in the later stages of the game.

Warrington " A " disported themselves at home against Widnes White Star, whom they defeated by one try, scored by Watkins, to nil. The play was often ragged but generally interesting, Warrington's weakest place being half-back. 'Here Webb and Brough officiated, the former being the bettar of the two. He did some smart things at times, but needs practice. The three-quarter line and full back (Farrimond) did well, Burgess and Watkins both being very energetic on the wing. The Stars played a resolute game, but were not quite fast enough to da any scoring. •

For the St. Helens match the team has undergone further changes. Hallam returns to full back,l3urgess plays centre, and Bailey takes the place of Harris, while Dickens,m and Fish are on the other wing. The full side will be: Hallam, full back; Fish, Dicken- son, Burgess and Bailey, threequarters •, Hockenhall and Hunts-, half-hacks; Boardman, Morrison, W. Swift, F. Swift, Edmondson, Naylor, Roberts, and Harmer forwards. Isherwood is not yet fit.

This team ought to be good enough to defeat the Saints, who succumbed to Warrington on their own ground early in the season by 18 points to five. They have been vowing vengeance ever since, however, and mean to make Warrington go all the way this time.

Dickenson and Fish both played well for Lancashire against Cumberland at Millom on Saturday, and the latter scored the try of the afternoon, after a run the length of the field. Lancashire won by 3 goals 5 tries to one try.

Fish's amateur status on the running path came up again at the N.C.A.A. on Wednesday. The decision of the committee has been pending during the last two months, and it was resolved that Fish be not eligible to compete as an amateur. This means that " Jack" will have to cease running in the summer or join the ranks of the professionals.

The Warrington officials are making a big effort to get some new blood ere the cup-tie registration papers are sent in. Recent results have proved the want of it more conclusively than ever, and it is i perative that there should be some "importing." Other clubs are managing to pick up men here and there, and there is not much excuse for the failures of the Warrington emissaries. The Bradford club have secured the services of G. H. Lewis, forward,age 26, height-sft. 8-}in„ and -weight 13st. 41b., a Welsh- min who has played with West Hartlepool and Dur- ham County. Another capture by the same club is James Dechan (23). a wing three-quarter back, of Hayrick.

Swinton have fared so poorly when R. Valentine is away, that a special train will be employed on Satur- day to take him from Rochdale to Brighouse. He will travel ordinary to Rochdale. This arrangement has become necessary on account of the fact that his employers will not let him leave business before the other employes.

The County calls played havoc in Broughton and Salford,as well as Warrington. Both teams were badly beaten, the former at Hull and the latter at home by Wigan. Runcorn accomplished a fine performance against Bradford whom they beat 15-9 after being 7 points behind at half time.

The League table up to date is as follows : For Agst.

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Bro'ght'n R 19...12... 3...4...20 38-154... 8 11— 49...28 Halifax 20...13... 5...2...17 25-109...12 12— 60...28 Swinton °0...12... 4 .4. 28 35-161...17 14— 76...28 Salford 2O .11. 5 4...21 24-114...14 12— 64...26 Bradford 19...10... 7...2...24 31-141...16 19— 89...22 Oldham 18..11. 7...0...18 24-108...13 11— 59...22 Hull 20...10... 8 9 .13 28-110...16 22 98...22 Leigh 9O 9 9 9 .19 16— 86...14 21— 91...20 Runcorn 17. 8. 5. 4. .16 25-107...14 11— 61...20 Wigan 18. 8. 7...3...17 16— 82...13 16— 74...19 Batley l9. 9. 9...1...18 22-102...22 22-110...19 Hunslet 2O. 8. 11 .1. 27 16-102...23 37-157...17 Warrington-19... 6... 9...4...13 13— 65...18 20— 96...16 Huddersfield.2o... 7...11...2...10 17— 71...21 23-111...16 Widnes 20... 7...12...1...14 14— 70...16 24-104...15 Mull K. 5...13...1... 6 15— 57...27 31-147...11 Brighouse ft 20... 4...14...2...11 8— 46...22 26-122...10 St Helens 20... 4...15...1...20 10— 70...26 45-1&7... 9

Mr. T. Ormand presided at the monthly meeting of the Newton Urban District Council which was held at Earlestown Town Hall on Monday evening. There were also present :—Messrs. C. B. F. Borron, J. W. Emmett, N. Siddeley, W. Gilmour. S. J. Wood, J. Simpson, E. T. Evans, and Dr. Latham, with C. Cole (clerk), R. T Surtees (gas and water engineer), and T. Bowes (surveyor). THE CHAIRMAN'S GOOD WISHES.

; As the meeting was the first which has been held this year, the Chairman wished the Council, the officials,and the representatives of the Press a very prosperous new year. _ _

===== 0002601_19030116_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

Very many of the Warrington cyclists have at one time or another stayed at the Eivion Hotel,Llangollen, and it will he a source of regret to them to learn that the popular proprietor, Mr. Clarke, lost his youngest daughter, Ethel, on the Sunday following Christmas day. The deceased girl was only nineteen. Christ- mas week has, in the past, been a sad time for Host Clarke. and I am sure the sympathies of the Warring- ton wheelmen will go out to him in this fresh bereave- ment.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

The Committee of the Warrington Anglers' Associa- tion recently decided to accept theoffer of Mr. T. Ford, Caistor, Lincolnshire, to supply 1,000 roach, 4 to 9ins.long for stocking purposes in the Old Quay Canal, Walton. The arrangements were pushed for- ward, and on Saturday afternoon last, the fish arrived at Central Station. An efficient staff under the superintendence of Mr. P. Knight and a conveyance were in attendanCe. On a close inspection ot the fish being made immediately prior to being turned into tho Canal, it was found that many exceeded the size guaranteed by the vendor, and the party having charge of the arrangements were highly pleased with the consignineut as a whole. The greatest credit is due to Mr. Ford for the expeditious manner in which the fish were forwarded, and for the quility of the consignment, as many fish were quite three-quarters of a pouud each. Not a single fish was lost in transit.

The annual supper in connection with the Traveller's Rest Society was held on Monday, when a fair num- ber of members sat down to a capital repast, which had been provided by Mr. awl Mrs. J. Wrench. After supper, the distribution of prizes took place, the winners being T. Worrall, J. Crossley, T. Leigh, and W. Leicester. The rest of the evening was spent in a convivial matter, songs being rendered by various meMbers and friends.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW LICENSING ACT.

"NEARLY QUALIFIED."

Samuel Sixstnith, Orford-lane, was charged at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday with having been drunk and incapable in Allen-street, on Monday' night. P.C. Clough proved the case,. The magistrates fined the prisoner ss. and costs, the Chief Constable remarking that he was "nearly qualified" for the "black list,". having been before the court six times in a brief period.

THE MAYOR AND THE ACT. "EXTREMELY DRASTIC."

The Mayor (Mr. J. C. Parr) commented on the new Licensing Act at the Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday. He said: Before we begin our business at the first session after the passing of the new Licensing Act, I feel very strongly that the Act is throwing an immense responsibility—a very grave responsibility— not only on the Bench, but indirectly also on the police. The Act is extremely drastic and may in cases if not very carefully and very cautiously administered, lead to very great hardships and I was going to say almost cruelty. But I have such confidence in the Bench and in the care of the cases that will be brought before the Bench,that I think nothing of the'sort will occur, at all events in our district.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAGISTERIAL DIFFICULTY.

Dr. Latham said that some time ago a petition was presented to the Chancellor of the Duchy with reference to the magisterial difficulty in the district. If no reply had been received, i would be advisable for the Clerk to write again pointing out that the difficulty still existed. He understood that a number of cases that ought to have been brought before the local Bench had to be taken to Warrington because magistrates could not be obtained.

The Clerk said he had received no reply from th 3 Chancellor.

Dr. Latham moved that the Clerk again write draw- ing attention to the matter. The Chairman pointed out that the business of the Council was over,and that the matter should be intro- duced in committee. The Council then rose.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

TRAP ACCIDENT AT EARLESTOWN,

On Wednesday a trap containing two persons was round- ing the corner out of Crow-lane into Market-street, at a good speed, when it mounted the footpath and over turned, the occupants being thrown violently out. The trap was damaged but the people were not injured.

THE PENRIT VN CHOIR AT EART,ESTOWN. On Wednesday evening the famous Penrhyn Mitle Choir visited the • Town Hall, .Earlestown and had a good reception from a large audience, chiefly'cornposed of Welsh •people. Selections were made from their lengthy programme, and each item was excellently renderedand loudly applauded. The proceeds were in aid of the locked out quarrymen in Bethesda.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S.A.

The usual weekly meeting of the P.S.A. was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown on Sunday. Mr. T. Parr presided over a largo attendance. An interesting address was given by Mr. T. R. Bradley. Miss M. Barr rendered two songs "The Good Shepherd" and the "Bettor Land" in a capable manner. Miss liing recited Tennyson's " Legend Beautiful" in.good'style. Mr. W. Willis accompanied at the piano and Mr. B. Smith pre- sided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RESULT. OF A FALL.

On Saturday a man named Barton employed as a boiler maker at the Viaduct Works, fell on an iron plate and injured his knee. He WaS attended by Dr. Sykes locum teneas.for Dr. Handyside, but on Monday blood poisoning and inflammation set in, and the case became so serious that it was thought advisable to remove him to the Liverpool Infirmary and he was conveyed there by the 5-40 train on Monday night,the horse ambulance meeting him at the station.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
NO APPETITE? Try some lieen's Mustard.' NO APPETITE ? with your meat. It will give NO APPWEI IE ? it a flavour and piquancy NO APPETITE? which are quite irresistible— NO APPETITE ? But be sure it is

===== 0002601_19030116_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
NO APPETITE?

KTIEN'S D.S.F. MUTARD."

REX TONNEAU H.P. MOTOR CAR, second-hand, equal to new.—Apply J. S. GARLAND, Motor Car Depot, 51,53, & 55, Bridge-st.,Warrington.—Advt. "BENZ" MOTOR CAR for sale,second-hand,first rate conclition.—Apply J. S, GARLAND, 51, 53, bad 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

A GOOD REsorATT foN.—Wear ALF TAYLOR'S Wonderful Boots.—Advt•

UNDER YOUR FOOT you want -ge-nd Bents. Wear ALF TAYLOR'S well-known Boots.—Advt.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. "Johnson always keeps his word." "Why shouldn't he? No one will take it."

TIME improves everything but women; they, of la course, have been perfect from the beginning. CLARA : "What a pretty bonnet you have on." Irene: "Yes, but I'm over my ears in debt for it." _ _

"WHAT is the proper way of addressing ,the Admiral of the Fleet?" "'Your warship, of course."

SUE: "He says he loves me: yet he has only known me two days." Her Friend: "Well, per- haps, that's the reason, dear." PERDITA : "Was it bard for him to propose?" Dot othy : "It might have been. But you know I was with him." _ .

..... LITTLE GIRL (to visitor): "Don't you think I look just like mamma ?" Her Mother: "Hush, dear; don't be vain." "I'couldn't sleep last night.. I was forced to get up and wall; about." Insomnia, eh ?" " Yes ; the baby had it." _ _ _

A MAN never realises how much valuable advice his ne,igi hours have to give away until he announces his intention to build a house.

" ARE they smooth Boers—the fellows who are fighting in South Africa?" "Yes. But the papers say that many of them are being rifled." LITTLE CHARLEY: "Papa, what is broadminded- ness ?" His Dad: "Agreeing with headstrong people when you know they are wrong." MR. OLDBOY "I am a self-made man, sir. I began life as a barefoot boy." Kennard : "Well, I wasn't born with shoes on, either." "LITTLE JOHNNY HENPECK: "I don't think Santa Claus i married." Mr. Henpeck: "Why not ? " Littly Johnny Henpeck :, "If he was, Mrs. Saiita Claus wouldn't have let him stay out all night." "ARE you fond of music ?." "Awfully." "Do you ever go to the music halls?" " Never." "Oh ! May I ask why ?" "For that reason." DOCTOR: "Did your visit to the seaside have the desii ed effect, madam ?" Mrs. Fullpurse : "Oh, yes, doctor, both my daughters are married."

BACON: "I suppose, like most women, your wife wants the earth?" Egbert : "Well, yes ; but I have learnt that she doesn't want it on her best carpet." His HONOUR "You are charged with stealing chickens. Have you any witnesses?" Prisoner: "I have not. I don't steal chickens before Ntrit- nesses."

LANDLADY: "'You'll have to pay in advance, sir. You are a stranger." New Boarder: "Oh, that's all right, ma'am! I'm an easy fellow to get acquainted with." MISTRESS : "Mary, I was almost sure once last evening while the policeman was in the kitchen that I heard a sound very much like two people kissing." Mary: "Did you hear it'otily wane t, mum ? ' Mistress: " Yes." Mary: "Then it! wasn't us."

No MIRRY.—She : "I will send your presents back to-morrow." He: "No hurry. I don't expect to be engaged again for a week or so. IN Szly-DEriorcE.—Piano Manufacturer (hotly): "Why didn't you show off that piano, instead of making such horrible noises on it?" Assistant (apologetically) "Those ladies live next door to me, and I was afraid they'd buy." NOT SIMPRISING.—" Wriggs was just complain- ing to me that he finds it almost impossible to get any subscriptions to that hospital he's interested in.' "I'm not surprised. The idiot announced publicly that the list would not be published:" " BILKINS got married rather suddenly, didn't he?" "Yes. Somebody gave him .a railway pass to Bournemouth for two, and he didn't want to waste it." - _ .

"How can you," they said to the departing soldiers, "be so joyful when you are going into deadly strife ? " "But," they replied, " are we not simply in transports?" HE: Nice dog—very! Have you taught it any new tricks since I was here last ? " She, (sweetly): "Yes ; it will fetch your hat if you whistle.

THE ACME.—Mistress "We are to have dis,inguished visitors this evening, cook. I wish you to prepare the dinner with as much care as if —as if—" Cook: "Yes, ma'am." Mistress: "As if your sweetheart were to have a birth- day." Mits. GOODE : "You are the sixth man who has asked me for something to eat to-day." The Tramp (sadly): "1 s'pose so. If the competition in our line gas any wuss, some of us'll have to go to work."

„ ACCOUNTING TOR IT.—” Bridget, how did it happen that when we came in last night after the theatre there was a policeman in the kitchen?" " Sure, mum, Oi don't know ; but Oi think the theatre didn't last as long as usual." HYDE PARK ORATOR; "My friends, if WO were each of us to turn and look ourselves squarely in the face, what shotild we each find we needed most?" A Voice from the Crowd: "An india- rubber neck, mister!" Mucu ADO. —Growell (in cheap restaurant): "Here, waiter, are these mutton or pork chops?" Waiter: "Can't you tell by the taste ? " "No." "Then what difference does it make which they are?" " You'LL become used to the motion of the yacht soon, dearest," said the young husband, soothingly. "It's your home, you know, for the next month." "Then what ails me, I suppose," replied the wan bride, trying to smile, "is home- sickness." DRIVER : "One of my bosses is very queer this morning, sir." Mr. Meek: " Indeed ! Which one ? " Driver: "The off 'un." Mr. Meek: "The orphan? Ah ! perhaps the poor animal is thinking of its parents !" "This is my son Frederick, Mr. Fosdick," said Mr. Glanders, proudly, introducing his five-year.- old boy to his caller. " Well, Frederick," said the caller, "do you obey your mamma?" "Yes, sir," replied Frederick, promptly ; "and so does papa." LIVERYMAN: "I am afraid, sir, I must ask 3,,,n to pay in advance for the hire of the horse." Amateur Rider : " What's that for? Are you afraid that I shall come back without the horse?" Liveryman : " Oh, no, sir ! But the horse might come back without you." OLD LADY : " T want a watch that won't tick so lon]." Clerk : " They all tick like this, ma'am; there's no other kiod." Old Lady : "Oh ! I know better. Ivo heard of them silent watches of the ni;!ht ' ever Ritmo I kin Mill en) ben" .1 1711111; "li,ve yon ;‘,lything to. say before sen- tence ?" " " No.thin',- only I won!dn'r, h.. her- if it wa,i't for liznorance of the Jaw:" •• Vonr of the law is no exea-e." : 7 lin't my ignorance I'm talkinl, b LITTLE : -` 1';,?,4e,. ma'am, Johnny Smart is makin, ,-A.;Li;.-s iii h;s writing lesson." To-..her von know?" Little Girl : " Th,re'.4 t hro-, in the copy to-day, and he's : " You can't see his Iwo. • .Litth, but I can see his

‘• tho I. a, r''vri!l mot her has, Bobbie ?" NtrA. , eonthful Binge. "No," said Bobbie •• • ,!te tronght in from the other room. B v, "yOu mustn't take it up." " Why " " 'Cause there's a hole in the carpet." FtteTr LADY " T saw .your husband meet you in the stt,ri...! t vest, da‘,.. end I noticed that :le rem t tved Ids h, p •akt rig to you. I admired him ter that. Vors• few unto do that." Second Lad v: "1 remeell:-, I told him. in the morning to have his and he was showing me that he had obeyed." Rn WAs O:. —Noah Tall : "What's the matter? You loot: savage." E. Z. Mark: "I feel savage. I boug!lt a pet monkey for my boy yesterday', and the beast died this morning. The dealer simply swindled me." Noah Tall :"Ha ! You should have consulted somebody before buying it. Next time you want a monkey, send for me." ACKNOWLEDGMD. —The death of a beloved wife in a Virginia (U.",..A.) town was touchingly re- ferred to by the bereaved widower, who, in his local paper, inserted the following "card of thanks" to his friendly neighbours: "I wish to express my most heartfelt thanks to the minister, choir, neighbours, sisters and brothers of the various orders, and all those who so kindly assisted in the sickness and loss of my wife."

H. M. Asirro:C,> LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TON ICS.-63. SAKE v-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL—UNDER the CLOCK.--Advt. UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BooTs.—Advt. PUBLIC BENI,FIT, UNDER th 3 ritocx for BEST BOOTS iri - _

LADIES BEST GLACE f.looTs' t..pd SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRIDOE-:q'REET.—Advt. MONEY WELL SPENT if you buy ALP TAYLOR'S good Boots, 45,-Horsomarket-st.,Warrington.—Advt.

MOTOR CARS at manufacturers prices, quotations for any make.—.l. S. GARLANDIVEOtOr (Jar Depot, , 53. and 55, Bridge-street, Wa.trington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
ABSENTEES.

MR. GILMOUR AND THE QUALITY OF THE GAS. The Chairmin apologised for the unavoidable absence of Mr. W. Collingwood, Chairman of the Council, and said Mr. Thompson, Chairman of the Gas Committee, had also written regretting his inability to attend. Mr. Gilmour expressed regret at Mr. Thompson's absence. He remarked that the lighting of the Council Chamber was very bad and if Mr. Thompson had been present he would have been able to have seen for him- self the poor quality of the gas. He (Mr. Gilmour) also intended to ask him some questions. If the light- ing of the Council Chamber was bad, what must the conditions be in the cottages? The Chairman said it would be better if Mr. Gilmour mentioned the matter in committee when Mr. Thomp- son was present and then he could "go " for him personally. The subject then dropped. THE LATE MRS. JAMES SMITH. The Chairman said that since the last meeting they had heard with much regret of the death of Mrs. Smith of Brookside. No doubt all themembers would remem- ber that Mrs. Smith was the widow of the late Mr. James Smith, who was a valued member of the old Board of Commissioners as well as of that Council from February, 1894 to the time of his death in August 1896. He (the speaker) was sure the Council would I agree with him that they ought to express their deep I sympathy and condolence with Councillor Arthur Smith land the other members of the family in their sorrow I and bereavement. _ _ .

The proposition was carried in silence. DR. LATHAM AND LORD NEWTON'S GIFT.

Upon the minutes of the last ordinary meeting com- ing up for confirmation, Dr. Latham drew attention to the following minute:—" Resolved unanimously, that the thanks of the Council be given to Lord Newton for thevery generous gift of a piece of land at the Common, to be used for the purpose of a Recreation Ground, and that his Lordship be informed that the Council feel that he has met them ma very amicable way, and they hope that these relations will continue in the interests of the well-being and improvement of the district." He said that some portions of the minute were accurate but others were not. The minute was accurate op to the words "Recreation ground," but the remainder was inaccurate. The wording of the resolution, to his mind, inferred that the relations had not been of such a char- acter in the past as to conduce to the well-being and improvement of the district. He could only say that the relations which had existed between those in auth- ority and the Council depended not so much upon the members of the Council,but upon the action of the lord of the manor and his subordinates. He also took excep- tion to the portion of the resolution which stated that his lordship be informed that the Council felt he had met them in a very amicable way. That was perfectly inaccurate: It was never stated at the Council meeting that Lord Newton had met the Council in a manner which was perfectly amicable. He (Dr. Latham) was glad to say that he was not alone in the Council in thinking that his lordship had not met the Council in that amicable spirit which the resolution intimated. it was contended, and possibly with some accuracy,. that the Council had no legal proof that the land which had been in dispute belonged to the people.— • Mr. Gilmour asked the chairman if Dr. Latham was not out of order. If he (Mr. Gilmour) had spoken like that on a resolution he should have been called to order and told that he ought to give notice of motion. As seconder of the resolution, he contended that Dr. Latham's observations were not true. Dr. Latham was present when the resolution was passed and it was then that he should have spoken. The Chairman (to Dr. Latham) : You are only en- titled to question the accuracy of the minutes and not to make a speech in doing so. If you will tell the members of the Council which words are wrong and which are right, what ought to be deleted and what ought to be left in, I will put it to the meeting and it is for the Council to say whether it is right or wrong; but I must rule you out of order in making a speech upon the matter. Dr. Latham: I was very shortly to come to that. The Chairman: You must excuse me' but I cannot allow this speech to go on. You have been speaking now for seven minutes on the resolution in pointing out an inaccuracy which I have failed to see. Dr- Latham said that if the minutes were confirmed he would have to give notice of motion to rescind the resolution in question. It was not strictly accurate to say that the motion was unanimously passed because no voices were raised' against it. All voices were not raised in its favour. - -

The Chairman, as mover of the resolution, said that to his mind the minute was in spirit and in letter a per- fect and correct interpretation of what he said at the meeting. He failed to see that the resolution implied that the relations between Lod Newton and the Coun- cil had not been happy in the past. The Council sin- cerely hoped that those happy relations which had existed between Lord Newton and the Council on all occasions would continue in the interests of the well- being and improvement of the district. Mr. Borron considered that the minute represented the spirit in which the Council passed the resolution. He was surprised that a member who was present at the meeting should raise the point again that day. It was on Dr. Latham's own showing merely a technical point, and he (Mr. Borron) thought it was entirely out of taste and not in harmony with the custom of the Council.

The minutes were then put to the vote and con- firmed.

Dr. Latham gave notice that he should move the re- scinding of the resolution at the next meeting.

CEMETERY COMMITTEE,

The Cernetery Committee recommended that the wages of the Cemetery Keeper (Richard Anderson) be increased from 275. to 30s. per week. The minutes were approved. TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of this committee the Clerk having re- ported the receipt of a cheque for £Bl from the County Council by the Treasurer to the Council, being the first instalment of the grant for Technical instruction pur- poses for the Session 1902-3, it was resolved that the Finance Committee be recommended to pass a cheque for £Bl in favour of the Viaduct Institute Technical Instruction Committee.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
The minutes were approved. GAS COMMITTEE

THE LIGHTING OF ST. PETER'S CHURCH CLOCK.

A letter was read from Mr. J. Gooding, at a meeting of this committee, complaining of the defective light- ing of the Wesleyan Day Schools. It was resolved that the engineer be directed to visit the schools and report to the committee as to the lighting thereof. A letter was read from Mr. R. Barton with respect to the light- ing of St. Peter's Church clock. It was resolved that it appearing that the incandescent burners supplied by the Council for the lighting of the clock are un- suitable for the purpose ordinary burners be 'again supplied in lieu thereof. The committee further recommended that the street lamps in Fairclough- street be provided with incandescent burners for the better lighting of that street.

The Councir confirmed the minutes. THE WATER UNDERTAKING.

At a meeting the Water Committee the following reports of the Water Special Sub-Committee of the 30th October and Ist and 15th December, were read and adopted, viz.:—" The Clerk read acopy of a letter which he had addressed to the engineers calling their attention to the fact that there had been another breakdown of the pumps, and that as the con- tractor had not provided his pumps so that the Council could utilise the water from the new well, temporary supplies of water had to be obtained from the L. and N.-W, Railway Co.; also enquiring how the matter of the supply of the duplicate engines stood, as the committee would require this and other work to be proceeded with as soon as the Local Govern- ment Board sanctioned the scheme. He also read a letter received from the engineers,in which they stated that they were preparing specification for the engines. It was resolved that the action of the Clerk be approved and adopted. The engineer reported to the committee as to the breakdown of the pumps of No. 2 Borehole, and that it was necessary that the tubes should be taken up in order to remedy the defects. Resolved that the engineer be directed to obtain the requisite tackle for drawing the tubes, andalso to order stronger wheels for guides for the pump rods. Resolved that during the time the London and North-Western Railway Co.'s water is required by the Council to augment their sup- ply, such water be turned on at 4.30 each morning. The Clerk reported that Messrs. Gillespie and Mason, Ltd., had entered into an agreement for the supply of water to the Council, the engineer stating that the main would be coupled up next thy. A letter was read from Mr. G. IV. Coombs (Bridge-street), complaining of the unsatisfactory supply of water to his premises. The contractor's account, amounting to £5O, for work done in connection with the,proposed lowering of the bore- ' 'bole pumps was submitted to the committee, when it was resolved that the Clerk be instructed to return the account for particulars of the work done, to be fur- nished. It was resolved that the Clerk be instructed to write to the Local Government Beard with reference to the Council's application for their sanction to the bor- rowing of a sum of £18,900 for the purposes of the water undertaking (22,000 on account of the cost of laying distribution mains being sanctioned by them on the 27th September last),and in respect of which appli- cation an inquiry was held on the 31st October last, and ask them, in view of the urgency of the 'patter, to

sanction the borrowing of sums of £2,700 for new well and headings, and £2,330 for pumps and engines and extension Of engine-house." The Engineer having re- ported that the headings in the new well which had been sunk were now being driven in the red sandstone rock, it was resolved that a chemical analysis be made of the water coming therefrom for comparison with the water from the grey sandstone. The minutes were agreed to. THE PROPOSED ISOLATION HOSPITAL.

Ata meeting of the Highways and Sanitary Commit- tee it was resolved that the following report of the Isolation Hospital Sub-Committee of the Ist December be approved and adopted, viz. :—"December Ist, 1902. A letter was read from Lord Newton's agent, stating that his lordship is prepared to give to the Council one acre of land for the purpose of the erection of a hospital, and that should a larger area be required additional land could either be purchased or taken on lease for 999 years, and requesting to be informed of tie site of the proposed hospital. Resolved that the C.erk be instructed to inform Mr. Leslie that this com- mittee is of opinion that a site could be obtained either in the neighbourhood of Park-side road or Winwick- road, and that the committee would like to accompany them when visiting these localities to choose the site most suitable for the purpose." It was resolved that the Medical Officer of 'Health and the Inspector of Nuisances be directed to report to the committee with respect to the sanitary condition of Lyme-street. —A letter was read from Mr. J. Dunning, of 52, Legh- street, Earlestown, applying for the slaughter-house licence granted to Mr. George Wilde on the 3rd Novem- ber last to be transferred to him, he having taken over the premises from Mr. Wilde. It was resolved that the licence be transferred to Mr. J. Dunning.—At a special meeting Dr. Latham brought forward the question of the means to be adopted by the Council for isolating cases of small-pox,should an outbreak occur in this dis- trict,and after a discussion itwas resolved that the Clerk be instructed to write tothe Corporations of Leigh, St. Helens,Warrington,and Wigan,and enquire whether they would be able to admit cases of small-pox into thei infectious diseases hospitals should an outbreak occur in this district, and that should the Corporations above referred to,be unable to grant the desired accommoda- tion, the matter be then left to Drs. Latham and Patter- son to formulate a scheme for the provision of means of isolation in this district. The minutes were confirmed. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE. AN APPLICATION TO MR. CARNEGIE. THE RECENT RAILWAY FATALITY.

Dr. Latham having stated to the above Committee his views with respect to the establishment of a Public Library for the district,it was resolved that the Clerk be instructed to apply to Mr. Carnegie for the conditions under which he makes gifts for the provision of Public Libraries. It was resolved that the Clerk be instructed to again write to the general manager of the London and North-Western Railway Company, and point out to him the necessity of covering the present footbridges, and those proposed to be erected. at Earlestown passenger station. The Clerk submitted to the Com- mittee the Parliamentary notice, plan, etc., deposited by the Solicitor to the London and North-Western Rail- way Company with reference to the acquirement of land for improvements at the Efurlestown passenger station. A letter was read from the County Coroner together with copy of verdict and presentment (sent therewith) returned by the jury at an inquest held by him at Earles- town on the 3rd instant on the body of a lad who was killed whilst attempting to cross the Bridge Farm level crossing on the London and North-Western Railway, which stated that, in order to preserve life in the future, a bridge should be constructed by the Railway Com- pany for foot passengers, and requesting that the Coun- cil should communicate with the Company upon the subject. It was resolved that a copy of the verdict and presentment above referred to,be forwarded to the London and North-Western Railway Company, and that the Company be informed that the Council would feel obliged if they would do what the jury require. The Rev. J. C. Matthews, was granted permission to use the Market ground for the May Queen Festival, to be held on the last Saturday in May, 1903. The minutes were approved. THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE TRAMWAYS.

At a meeting of the Electric Supply and Tramways Committee the Clerk submitted proposed memorial to the Board of Trade, applying for an electric lighting provisional order for this district. It was resolved that the same be approved, and that the Council be recom- mended to affix its Common Seal thereto. The Clerk also submitted draft of the provisional order, which was approved by the committee. The Clerk submitted to the committee parliamentary notices, plans, &c.,deposited by the solicitor to the South Lancashire Tramways Company in relation t 3 the company's intended applica- tion to Parliament for additional powers. It was re- solved that the Clerk be instructed to return this Council as dissenting to the proposed application for an exten- sion of time for the completion of the tramways. The Surveyor was instructed to report to the committee with respect to the way in which the tramways have been laid by the Tramways Company in the neighbouring districts.

The minutes were agreed to. FIRE BRIGADE AND AMBULANCE COMMITTEE. At a meeting of this committee the Clerk reported that an advertisement had been published inviting tenders for the erection of the proposed fire engine house. It was resolved that the tenders, when received,be referred to the Chairman of this committee and the Chairman of the Finance Committee,with power to accept such tender as they may think best. Dr. Latham mentioned that the delay in regard to the ambulance was receiving the attention of the committee. The Chairman: It's about time it did. The minutes were adopted. APPLICATION FOR A LOAN.

At a meeting of the Finance Committee it was re- solved that application be made to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for the loan of .£13,175 to defray the cost of works in connection with the Councils water undertaking. The minutes were approved. EDUCATIONAL MATTERS.

The Clerk reported the receipt of a letter from the Clerk to the County Council asking the Council to appoint representatives to attend a conference with respect to the Education Act to be held at Prnton on Wednesday.

The Ch/i..irman and Mr. Borron were appointed to attend the conference on behalf of the Council.

THE EMPLOYMENT OF RETURNED SOLDIERS For the information of the Council the Chairman read a letter from the Guards' Employment Society re- questing the Council to assist in finding situations for Cluards]w'no)save served in South Africa and now have no employment to follow.

===== 0002601_19030116_art0165.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030116_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEPTIONAL ADVANTAGES

ARE OBTAINED BY SUBSCRIBING TO

Marriages.

MCKEOWN—G ANDY—January sth, at the Parish Church, ; Warrington by the Rev. A. S. Cameron, James McKeown to Sarah Jane Gandy. _ .

TAYLOR—BAKER—January Bth, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. White, John William Taylor to Ruth Baker.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street,- and published by them at the same - place, and also at The Examiner Office, Victoria-road, WIDNES, 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN,in the County of Lancashire,and , also at 1-ligh-street, ltuNcouN, in the County of Ches- hire, JANUARIUTH, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030116_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
J 3 0L D STREIa WESLEYAN CHURCH WA.PRINGTON TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 18th GUILD FBBTIVAL. At 10.30 and 6.30 Rev. W. B. FIYZGERALD. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

GULBORNE-.THE f4:l`, BAPTIST CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORTtOW (SUNDAY). JANUARY 18TH. MORNING 10.45. REV, HERBEItT DUNNICO. EVENING 6.3 .. REV. D. G GEE. ADULT BIBLE 'CLASS 2.30. Short Service for bush es people every Wednesday 8.15 p.m.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. BYE-LAWS. For the good rule and government of the ADMINIS- MAUVE COUNIY OF CHESTER (excepting the Municipal Bizougha of CON GLETON. CREWE, DUKINKIELD. HYDE. MACCLEeFIELD, and STaLYBRIDGE situate therein). NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the following Bye-Laws were duly made at a Meeting oi the Cheshire County Council held at Chester Castle, on ,TEUReDAY, ti e 13th day of NOVEMBER, 1903, and navieg teen published as required by • the Statute in that behalf, and depesited with the Home Secretary tor the perioci of 40 days and not having been dire. alloweo, are now in force, viz. : PLACING OR DEPOSITING BROKEN GLASS &c., ON HIGHWAYS OR OTLER PUBLIC PLACES. NO person shall place, deperit, or leave any article of glass or any brokrn glass, or o7her sharp sub- stance, not being road material, on any highway or public place, in a position in which the same is likely to cause danger or anneyaece:to passengers or damage to property. HEDGE CUTTINGS, &c. No person shah ruff r any cuttings ot trees or hedges to remain upon any highway or public place, in a position in which tee same are likely to cause danger or anuoyauce to passengers or damage to property, for a longer period than one hour after sunset on the day upon which they shall have been cut. ANNOYANCE ON SUNDAY. No person on arty put Ito eoach or Gm( r public vehiclel for the eenveyance of passengers, or cn any coach, brake, waegonette, or other vehicle hired or used for tbe conveyance at pleasure parties and the like, shall on Sonoays blow any horn, or use any other noisy instrument, or mace, or combine with any other person or persors to make any loud singing or outcry while passing through any town, village, or hemlet, or by any Church, Chapel, or other place of Public Worship, to the annoyence or interruption of residents within aey inch town, village, or hamlet, or any persona worshipping in any such Church, Chapel, or ther place of Public Worship. Nothing in Vats Bye-Lsw shall prevent the use of a horn in a reasonable manner by one person oa a coach or sim.lar vehicle. PENALTIES. Any person who shall offend against any of the fore- going Byc-Laws shall be liable on summary convic- tion for each offence to a penalty nut exceeding forty shillings. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk oi the Cheshire County Council. Chester, let January, 1903.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THE PRICE IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Be. 6d. AND NO MORE FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

T. C/LARKE, STAT;ONRIt AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET, BARLIISTOWN, r,POR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY r.,...00D5, PURSES, ALBUMS. PORTRAIT FRAMES AND "riaIER USIOUL ARTICLES, go to the above addrees. AGENT FOR THB WESLEYAN r ENIIRAL`ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

'1,,..L. ‘ATIIITR STAR LINE Vv ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK eta Queenstown. 714UTOMC Wed., Jan 21 1 CEDRIC Oett&,_ Wed., Feb 11 Wed • Jan 28 CELTIC tomtit ...... • Wed., Feb 18 Timr d,,,_10 Wed., Feb 4 1 OCE -.NIC Wed.. Feb 2b chargECt.„-'2ll passange at low rates including Outfit free of Amor, :" aeW York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. 0 IPDTAIe. IMAM and Co., Liv..,• ~,,,l, 17 Cockspur b -"' 6•W-eiu 34.-Ledd.Bnball Street. LondoP, B. 0..

C MINTY BOROUGH OF WARRINOION. To QUARRY MASTERS, &c. The Paving and bewerage Committee of the Connell of the Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS for 500 tons 41 n. SANDSTONE SETTS, SCO tons 6ln. SAND- STONE BItTTS, lind 500 tons GRANITE SETTS. Specifications may be seen, and all further information Obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor Town Mall °,l and after WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 7th inst., at which Discs tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock on MONDAY, the 19th day of JANUARY, 19)3. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Bngineer and Surveyor. Borough Bngineer and Surveyor's Office, January 2nd 19C3.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTIII.7TE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, EVRRY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS. 2e 6n. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 2.18. 6, MARKET STREET (OVER MYNESYNE'S).

C°UNrY BOhOUGEI OF WAKRINUTON.—To IRONMONGER, BRUSH. MAICIIV4, &c.' &c. „:-.10 Paying and Sewerage Committee of the Council of re Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TYIND CIS STORKS required by the Highway and Scavenging "Dertments for the 12 months ending March 20th, 194. tiaPecifications, forms of tender, and all further informa_ Zrna3' be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor 1,117111 111, on and after Thursday next, the Bth instant. a C,ll Place tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock on the 19th day of January. 19e3. •ue lowest or any tander not necessarily accepted. THOS. LOBISIDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Ilerough Engineer and Surveyor's Cffice, •_—_-.....trtuary 2nd, 19)3.

COuNTy BOROUGI-1 OF WARRING coN TO COLT IRRY PROPRIETORS. do. The General Purv,ses Committee of the Council of the f ("ugh of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS or the supply of COAL to various departments of the Cor- tation for the six months commencing February let. °Pecifications, forms of tender, and all further information ;Tay be obti ined at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town all,on and after Wednesday next, the 7th instant, at which Rhea tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock on Monday, tno 26th city o 7 January, 1203. The lowest or any tender not necessarily ;incepted. THOS. LONGDIN, 80-ough Bngineer and Sur. eyor. Borouvls Engits• er and Surveyor's Office, 4anuary 2nd. 1903. NAPltiti NGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. --THE CONTAGIOUS DISEASES (ANIMALS. CT, 1886, Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops Order. ak) coWKEEPEItS, DAIRYMEN, AND PURVEYORS OF MILK WHEREAS, by an Order in Council made in pursuance of Section 34 of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, and entitled •' The Dairies, Cowsheds and Milkshops Order of 1855,' every local authority is required to keep a register Of all persons from time to time carrying on in their district the trade of Cowkeepers, Dairymen. or Purveyors a Milk. And whereas by the same Order it is declared that it shall not be lawful for any Person to cart, on any of the above trades unless he is registered Now therefore, NO'! ICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that all Persons catrving on the trade of ,Cowkeerer, Dairs man, or Purveyor of 14111 k within the dis- 6tict of this Council, and who are not registered are required forthwith to tegister for the purpose of carry:ng on such ttade. 1„All Persons so offending are liable to a penalty not exceed 'ft £5 In resp,ct of each illence. t,,,411 necessary information will be given, and forms of .1111 cation for registration may be obtsined, on application °kr. Frank Kerfoot Beweey Chambers, Warrington. Dy Order. J. C. SUTTON. Clerk to the District Council. ....L/banuary ISt, 1903.

PAPER AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS, TWINRS, STATIONERY. Q WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

FRIARS GXHIsr4, werringtom Opt 'mite Arpley Station Also at MANCHBUTHII-ROAD, (late 13,senbtgb's.; S. T. ARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &c„ Makers of ell kinds of Manley Pleoes, Monurivititt. Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Punts, Headstones In Grasui, Marble, and Eitone. Deilvos and qstim.r.aq Free. LETTER OUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMECZTS A SPECIALITY.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WA FtRINGTON.— TO WHERI.WRIGHTS, &c. ,The PAVING and SfiWICRAGH COMMITTEE of the fleil of the Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive 6',..1.4P")1S for REPAIRS, PAINTING and Mar/CUING of ,t7ATIVNING VANS. t4olle, °Mentions and all further information may be ob- Oed at the office of the Borough surveyor, Town Mall, on atter I nesday. the 13th inst., at which place tenders 19'titt be dalivered before Twelve o'clock on Monday, the ill day of January, 1903. lowest or any tender not necessarily acr.epted. THOS. LONGDIN. Borough Engineer and Surveyor. norongh T4nglneer and Surveyor's Office. January 9th, 1903.

OUGHT I TO WEAR GLASSES? ALL SUCH QUESTIONS ARE WILLINGLY ANSWERED AND THE SIGHT TESTED FREE OF CHARGE. Glaesee only recommendei where necesaary. Call or write for my 10 page Booklet on" Defective aight."—Free of charge. 411 • HEILBRON, SIGHT SPECIALIST. BYE TESTING ROOMS FOR SPECTACLES 84% BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class • ARTIFICIAL TEETH I Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed IMACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TIMTH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Seta, 205.; in,aid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries : Actual maqufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 11, RYLA.NDS-ST AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNFSDAYS. 11 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHE-Si Ett, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

MVITHEN WAR E HOT WAT SR BOTTLES, U. 4 Is 6d BACH ; holds 3 pints; a comfort for the cold weather.—W BESWlCK,Butteemarket-etreet, Warrington.

THE CORPORATION OF' WARRINI4TON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

F YOU WANT A MYSTkRY SOLVED. Suspected EmplovePs Watched,llivorce Evidence, conSult ALLEN, GAUNT, &WEN & Co.. 57, Brailsford-road, Fallow- field, Manchester. Private Inquiry Airen,,s.

SINGING.—MADAME ALIC,! LAMB will visit WARRINGTON if sufficient number of pupils take lessons —Terms, apply 48, ARDWICK GREEN, Manchester.

QPLFINDID As.iortment of New Season's PAT- -1.3 TERNS for our Celebrated 10e. bd. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND Co, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

4,aERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS 1 Li livery workman should have out of uAe us's cele- brated els. 6d. Serge Jac4ets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-66, BYROMJ3TREET, Liverpool.

'MISR WISHING TO REALIZU OR OBTAIN MOBTGAGEo ON LIFE POLICiES, REVEIL-lONS INTERE:•,,TS UNDER WILL OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NROBSSARY INFORMATION FROM W ILLI ANI NICHOLAS, 30, NORM JOHN STREET, LIVIIRPOOL.

MUDIE'S MANCHKsTER LIBRARY.—CIEICU- LATIN% AN!) FOREIGN BOOKS. Terms of subscription ; Three months. 7s ; six months. 12s ; twelve months, 21s, and upwards New Books received the day nf publication Prospectus of tbe Library and catalogue of second-hand Books an se'e, post-free on application.- 10-12, Barron' ARCADE, Manehebter.

GUINN ES.S'S DUBLIN i,"51 our. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALIs 4LLSOPP'S MILD Ann BITTER ALES. WHRATLRYT HOP BITTEBB. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BRIM. To he had In CASE or BOTTLES front B. CUNNINGHAM INWIOII ROAD, WARRINGTON, Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINRRAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. /76. Lqoaus. OW) N STREW. JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR. BEWSEY STREFT. WARRINGTON FUN KRALS FURNISHED 'UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR AT L KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

HAIR COMBINGS ruccle up 2/- per Oz, COVERLETTE TAILS OF ) FROM HAW FRAMIii, PPRE FROM 3/S EACH. HAIR. 5/6 T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

USEFUL PRESENTS. PURSES. PHOTO ALBUMS, DRESSING AND JEWEL CASES, WRITING DESK S. WORKBOXES, BIPLES. PRAYER ROOKS. kc. FINE SELECTION at LOW PRICES. HE'AZELL'S, 66, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL

VOR COUGHS, COLD, ASTHMA and BRONCHITIS, the only reliable cure in existence is kjAISIBY S ASTHMATICAL I & OUGH BALSAM. It has no equal. Sold everywhere in bottles at Is lfd and 2s 9d, or post free from CANBY & 00„ WHOLESA.Lii DRUG‘IIBTti, PIINDLETON, MANCHRSTRIL TT 'C' 13 " JAN_ pi CURED.

MANLY MEW Why snffe from pains and misery canned by Bervonsnes Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness Send fo my hook, which shows how every man, young and old, can he thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACII MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, awl qvarinteed genmi " I cannot find words to express ow ,nau..u, am. used to think I never would get ousel. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G-F M." I nave carrimd out your Instructions, and am now pee fectiy well.—J.F." Boak tent sealed, post free, for two stamps. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Bendat onae and be cured. 12 Tears Continuous Slime&

ALL THB LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT LOWE'S, GOLBORNE CNTREET,' WARR INGTON ALSO A GOOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, 8c LONDuN DAILY PAPERS RUBBER STAMPS A SPECIALITY.

ILLUMINA.TIOD ADDRASS&S, DI K-STAM.PING Fac-Similes of Handwriting. Typewriting, plans, qnan titles Ac., copied and lithographed.— BROOHB AND SJN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington. --- - FIG. DOWLING, • RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISiION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Addre3a ; 21. Ellearuere•retd, gtooktonFleith.

PHONOGRAPHS. p.rip PHONOGRAPHS from IJO PHONOGRAPHS. AN IDEAL HOME ENTERTAINER. THE CITY DEP6T FOR THE RDLSON AND COLUMBIA PHONuGRAPHS AND RECORDS. RECORD I. 6D EACH. THE AMkTEUR PROTOGRAPHIC DEPT 71. oIIEFoRD STRBET, 14134.1 i ALL BAIN MANCIIIisTER.

VI )LINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITAR, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. . ARTIAIC Repairing in all its branch6s, el MIN BYROM, • PRACTICAL VIOLIN IfIKER AND RIIPAIRBR. Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 67, IitENSHAW(-STRBRT(eorner Of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL !MVOS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. AOCID FINT & DISEASE. Small Pox. Scarlet. Fever, Tvply)id, Diphtheria Alcc. B(IRtLARYI FIDELITY INSURANCE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. BstabliEhed 1849. CLAIM PAID 1;4,600,000 84. CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTI4II OFFICE : 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLIIII9. Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGl3EY.Nesseliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens ir. J. B. LEACH, Harcishaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows and Mr. F.J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. 3. HOLLAND WATSON.Moortield House

fl 00Pl NG COUGH OOPING COUGH Thf celebrated electua cure without internal HOOPINU COUGH medicine HOOPING COUGD. Of all Chemists price 4t per bottle. Sold Whole- BRONC El ITIS sale Agents: W. EDWARDS & sox, 157, Qaean Victoria CROUP treet, London.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG. HOLLAND. MANCHESTER NOVEMBER ,HANDICAP ETC. A thilv Price List Issued, showing West market changes WRITE FOIL MY GREAT MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP OIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particalars addren as above.

COLLECTION OF FOREIGN ),STADIPS IN BOOK, 1,000 ALL DIFFIMINT7-20s. !JOHN kXOW, 101, LIA—'ITRIISP, KIDDBRUINSTKR.

G. AND J. WEAVER 88, BRIDGE STREET, WARRIN GTON. CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS, ANTIQUE FURNITURE DEALERS, ETC., SOUND AND RELIABLE FURNITURE AT REASONABLE PRICES. REMOVAL CONTit.A.CTORS BY ROAD AND RAJL TO ALL PARIS OF TOWN AND COUNTRY. WARI HOUr3E AND WORKS: FRLiRS GREEN. TELEPHONE No. 357 Y.

S. E. MORRIS & CO. WI:NE AND SPIRIT MERCHANTS. FINEST QUALITIES KEPT. 243, HORSE ARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Ili 1-, 11. A k 011.1 I' EU AIN, 1) LIVE lin )t )L DISTRICT 8.,,,, INKING- COMP AN Y LIM ITED. . ESTABLIHED IN 1829. lEial:. SUBSCRIBED CAPDAL, .£7,500,000. PA lU-UP CAPITAL, £1,250,000. - :c6:— RESERVE FUND, £2,015.000. 75*- DIRECI Oli b : lasonom :BARBOUR, Ellq• JAMEB HALLIkAY, Ji6Cl., Deputy RICHARD FRYER SMITH, Beq. Argnanw BENNIE, Esq., Managing Chairman WiLLiam 'lmprrou. Req., Managing Director. JOHN FREDIRICE KNOTT, Reg, Director, ABEL BUCKLEY, Esq. Chairman. Ciaortoic LEWIS hiq. I GEORGE GORDON WARREN, Esq. INANE GEMMILL CROWTHER, littq JOHN FARES, Rag RDWARD DONNER, EN. ....,. EDWARD PAATINGTON, Esq. ......._ ;BEAD OFFICE : SPRING GARDENS, DIANCHESIER. - - BRANCH OFFICE: KING SIREI•T, MANCHESTER, LIvERPOOIf OFRICE : IN ATER STREET. I LONDON Orricz : 75, CORNSILL, E.C. ............ . Al, D 92 BRANCHES AND EUB-BRANtIiEr. IN ir, LAD CASHItE, CHEr HUAI KAIELEDbI4IIIE, SHROPL,irsIRE, YORKSHIRE, AND DERBYSHIRE. Mititi!iL, . W,12.„ D-4. g. BALANCE SHEET, AS AT 31ST DECEMBER, 1902. ,i,;',l•:,',':: . LIABILITIBS.• ~„ ',174-7 • • ASSETS. 1141 s. d. I E s. d. To Current Deposit, and other Accounts ... 16.2V,181 6 5 „ Acceptances ~ Unpaid Dividends 2,579 12 0

LOCAL OFFICBS :-WARRINOTON AND IiARLESTOW BOEHM G. HENSHALL. MANAGBR.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLUCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN ME COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

E.DWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1223 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOO is. PAWNBROKERS. rI EW EIA ERS, SI LV SRSMITHS, AND DIAMoND M ERCHANTS.. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W AICtIES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MASERS) SOLID -SILVER., ELECTRo PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DZSCRIPTioN. 30 TO 50 PBR CENT. LESS THAN JE Vir ELI,EItS' PRIC FAS. Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bougbt or taken in eachauke. tioLey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watch, Plate, &a.. to any amount at low rates of interest es ; strict privacy guaranteed Parcels by pat, will receive proluot Attention. TELEP Fl ONE, 2061.

ESTA i_.l SII RD 18.38. RICH ARD JEFF It 11(S., 88, BOLD-STit KET, LIVI: RI 00L, IVRAIII2I MAXIM AND MINI @BLUM. A L4rge tssortm,.nt of Premed Pteti:res, suttehie for Weddint aud Birtbdav Presents, School Prizes, to. Terms Ninderate A. Pl 4 0411Lil(1110 "I or PIK) l'0(11 APH for Clrystoleum and Panel Paintkitz. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD HINGI-ZAVINOS Also Oonies of Pietnresk in the Onottnertai f3el!erf..

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTAN RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE

B. 1/1V ADS W ORTH'S GRAPHOPHONES AND GRAMOPHONES ARE THE TALE OF TEE TOWN. LARGE STOCK OF RECORDS AT LOWEST PRICES. FRESH SUPPLIES ARRIVING ALMOST DAILY, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FRESH DAILY. DAVY'S CELEBRATED SHEFFIELD POLONEY. BRAWN, LUNCHBON SAUSAGE, YORKSHIRE PIES. ANY WEIGHT TO ORDER ALSO T4E FINEST PoitK SAUSAGE, PLAIN AND TOMATO FLAVOUR. BURY PUDDINGS, LUNCH TONGUE, ETC. JOHN ASHLEY 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, kjIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS, OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. 13WAN-9TRRET, MANORBSTII li Hstabliabed 69 Years

A. AND J. PAA,RBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND 9ILVERSM.THS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamond., Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Propertv of every description. OLD GOLD tND SeLVER BOUGHT. All ttansactions in accordance with Actor Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOIR SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China, Marble Cloaks. Pictures, always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARrIAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEKY, LADIRs' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, &. a &a we respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES RY t-OS't RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, &a. GoLD and 'MITER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. I 'LAINE'S RICHMOND fREET. LIVERPOOL.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUIQDRI* 1710. Sum INSURED Excp:Elm V 80,000,000, For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Bon Bridge-it Messrs Woods & Son, Commercial Chambers 65, liorsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey. 21, King-street Mr. It. Lowe.l, Bink—street

FOR GROWING CHILDREN AND ADULTS OF WEAK CONSTITUTION, a • sound, strengthening food is required. One that will build up the system and induce an appetite for other foods. ar I VOD LIVER OIL EMULSION IS JUST SUCH A FOOD. It is a highly nntritiv3 and palatable mixture of various ingredients with the finest Norwegian Cod Liver Oil, and is so prepared that the unpleasant taste of Cud Liver Oil is prac- tically eilminated. CHILDREN LIRE IT. READ THE FOLLOWING: "MESSRS. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. " June. 1902. " Gentlemen,--1 have much pleasure in testifying to the benefits which my child has derived from Cod Liver 011 Emulsion. Up to the ago of four months he was a delicate and puny child The (lectors ordered him Cod Liver Oil Emulsion. so I started by giving him it.andby the time he hao. taken the second bottle we noticed a great improvement in him, so I con- tinued giving it with such success that I can honestly say he is ',nee the finest children in the town. He isjust fifteen months o d, and during teething he is no trouble whatever I have recommended Emulsion to a great many of my friends and they all say tbat they will give it a fair trial. " This is an unsolicited testimonial, and you are at liberty to make what use you like of it, and baby's photo as well." • COD LIVER OIL EMULSION HELPS TO FOE AI BONE, MUSCLE, AND SINEW, STRENGTHENS TEIE SYSTEM. 4/6 Bottlejfor I/8, 2/3 Bottle for I/- AT ALL BRANCHES OF BOWS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST BEST AND CHEAPEST RETAIL CHEMISTS Ilf THE WORLD, LOCAL ADDRESSES: 126, BRIDGE STREET, } WARRINGTON 5, BRIDGE STREET, .

T. G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP. SPRCIAL OFFRR 21.1•00 TO 2A 6n. CESAREW ITCH AS D CAM BRIDG 5311 'RH. THE PLAYFUL DO ÜBLII { 3000 to 1 to Win LIMIT* 300 to 1. 1 2 3 See "THE TURF REGIBTBR, ' sent poet free.

Ps* ASK YOUR, STATIONER Ftpt MORRELL'S TN K S cst (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN iPATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES lima LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE 1 bad wholesale from SAM N. GRRIM MARKET PLUM, WARRINGTON

DI% HARGRAVE'S FEVALE PILLS (WORLD FAMHD). The safest end beat remedy for ANAEMIA, DEBILITY, WEARNFEs. IRREGULARITY, and all o.,her ailments peculiar to the sex. Invaluable to Women. PRICE 2e. 9n. ONE Box SUFFICIENT FOR CURE. Sole Agent for the United Kingdom— J. RoGEIz4, (Box 2), 3, SRSKINB ROAD. WALTiiik!flSTOvir, LONDON.

GARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE BEST. Awarded a Chaelpion Prize of £26 in addition to other leading PIESI2 PhIEES in 1901.. Price 1/- per lb.; 105/- rer cwt CARRIAGE PAID it 5 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

THE BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL says: " Benger' s Food has by its excellence established a reputation of its own." BENGER'S FOOD can be enjoyed and assimilated when other foods disagree. It forms a delicious and highly nutritive cream, rich in all the elements necessary to maintain vigorous health, but entirely free from rough and indigestible par- ticles which often produce irritation in delicate stomachs. Sold in Tins, by Chemists, Mc., everywhere.

‘' I am very pleased to add my testimony to tbat of other m-dieAl n.en regarding the great value and the virtues of MAzAWATTEE COCOA In plain language, it Is all a Cocoa, the best of Cocoa. and the purest. As to its oala.tattleness and fly/oin*, it will speak for itseIf."—GORDOIS STABLES,

-- . WOULD 'YOU HAVE , 0 SOFT- VELVETY 0 MS en rtte KIN fob . /00.- iii ILI entirely remove all' Ve9l3 ROUGHNESS,CHAPS,I • I TAN, IRRITATION, etc.;- , in a very short time. 1 Bottles M.BEETHAIvi & SON. 1 6d.,15. and2s.6. CHELTENHAM.,

kill" The typical Cocoa of English manu- facture." 1 The Analyst. 9 adburq 3 cocoa REFINED, STIMULATING, DIGESTIBLE. ; "THE STANDARD OF !RICHEST PURITY." 1 AK —THE LANCET. -- Cad bury's COCOA: the great Refresher all the year round, being at once a delicious drink, and an invigor- ating, sustaining food. Toilers, mental ~ and manual, derive great benefit from , its regular daily use. Cadbury's is a perfect, self- contained food. It is Cocoa, and the . Best Cocoa only. Be cautious of •• compounds. In buying your Cocoa, , disappointment can easily be avoided %. by examining your purchase to make • 't• sure that the name ' Cadbury" is on • • every Packet and Tin. Cadbury's Cocoa • ..,,,. . ~p... IL.- ABSOLUTELY ?4, c q - :k.?,, f ' - 4;4 • ~ • , ': til; ,-• THEREFORE . . • • ..., BEST. ~ ,

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL. Ponlton-le-ryle. Black— pool ; excellent education ; happy home ; sea and country air.--Principal, Miss RoGP.RS,,N

lia.ohirOOL ot; ricrUL.— tgnturtable T home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains. rrHEMISSiiS t:INI.MER, Sen. Hon. Cert. ii.A.M., I. 23, ILSON-PATTIIN-I,THRBT, WARRINGTON.— SOHOoL WILL RN-OFR/4 (D.v.) JANUARY 21st, 1903. Fees, Testimonials, &c., forwarded on applicAtion.

NIR.RIR BICh EiDvi,PsOpi.OußsEi PloniZnoESUß and organ. M . t' i Centrale room, Reduced terms for Juniors. Open for engagements. —Apply 32. LOVELI•LANE, Warrington.

1116111-ULASS AN D 81.Jut1w_46FUL BOA MAYO AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate: Splendid Position: Every Comfort. Apply C. H. HODGSON, ILA. (Oxford), Waterloo High School, B undelleands.

LjAIRLIAVEN HIGH. SCIIOUL, FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing poeition,seaside,extensive acconamouation High-chits Modern Education. Staff includes President Bat Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. Blume. successes, Principal : Miss MILLE N.

I_4 ARIOGATiI.—TIIINI ry COLLIGGFIS —Head Master, Mr II JP HUGHRS, assisted by resident University men and visiting masters. Fina situition. modern aopliances, cricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good results in all iHx4minstions. Next term September 18.

1 R. ER NEST WILKES' ..' A L.O M Professor of .IVlMusieZanist and Choirmaster of lt. Paul's tAvircti PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNThR- POINT MUbICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LINE. Warrington. lISS NTH EL SPINKS WILL RESUME HER In. DANCING CLASSRS AT THU CAIRO-STREET SCHOOLS ON WRDNIHDAY, JANUARY 14TH. SAT(JRDAY, JANUARY 171 H. FRODSHAM, THURSDAY, JANUARY 15TH. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO 4. SALISBURY-STRIMI. WARRINGTON. —r 1)0 _la CH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— ..lA, ale Miss Evans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and gm 4. hockey, tennis, cycling. gymnaslu(n, great attentici., .ziusic, att, modern languages ; resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Lond. edatric Cambridge Locals and Assoc: Board, ft A M, N C M, in- clusive terms. -

SOU THYOKT MOD r4RN SCHOOL, Scatitlssawit NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTER—J. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., FR G.S. NEW RESIDENCE; for BOARDERS recently opened. THE SOUTHPORT VISITER says: `` The School Is now undcubtectly one of the very best of its class Southport.'

VATARRINGTON GRAMMAR 6CHOOL.—THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN on TUESDAY, JANUARY 20th, 1903. THE HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME to INTER- \ lEW PARENTS on MONDAY. JANUARY 19th. PREFARATORY FORM for boys from 8 to 12 years of age. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, &C. PROSPECT US AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION,

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL Fee. £4 4s per term. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, JANUARY 13TH, 1903. Entrance Examination, Monday, January 12th at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, !to , may be had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the sahool is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W COX, Reedier.

tottls, ftlparocs, moat-Tang 05tab5

ONDON.—TAY HOTEL, 154 liuston-rJad Three minutes IA from King's Cross, St Panora. and Huston Railway Stations; bed and attendance .3s 6d; private sitting-room be 6d per day ; highly recommenied.—A 0 RODNEY, Propr.

LONDON. -vciTILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITHD. 34 TO I 0 LUDGATS HILL. ALSO AT 70 a 71, HUSTON EQUARII. HOME 0014vORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BVSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABERYST WITH. THE BELLE VIJE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 4 guineas per week, or 95 per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from 55. Table d'Hote at 6.50 o'clock. For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER PROPRIETOR.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'.3 RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED REST UARANT IN TOWN.

INVBsTMIiNTS. BONDS. STOCKS and SHARKS.— Buyers and Sellers should apply to I AMES P. BATH and SON, P STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, RstablishedHB7s. 29, RA NBLAGH-sTRIMT, LIVBIZPOOL

QLACKNIVSS OF WORK. —rhreepoiverful Cart Horses in-foaled mare stlated to that noted horse. Lord Blies- mere Vulcan, ages from six to seven years; all !good workers with guarantee given ; from 16 to 17 hands ; heven days free trial allowed or V.l. inspection, or, would exchange for farm produce, £lB to £3O.—UARTEN, A Moor-lane, Bolton.

firSECLOTHING. BRAUMONT BROTHERS, LIfIITHD, 26. WHITHOHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Korseclothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, eco. dome and export. Established Idl2.

iftarbniern, Cu.

ei AS RNGINBS, Robinson's " Hit " G-ss iingines sre 3- reliable and easy to put down. —Ronixsox, Great Bridgewater Street, Manchester.

-VERTICAL STEAM BOlLiiit in geed working order on / Sale very Cheap, also Fainting 40 egg incubator nearly new, cheap,—Apply H. MARISHALL, 10, Norfolk-road, Birk- dale, Southport.

- - IT. GEO RUE'S IRON WORKS, LI MI r o. 1) (late Orm erod, Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel, Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns Lelooging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheel and Pulley Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormeroi Gr.erson, Manchester."

pATEINT OFF IC R. M ANCHRSTER , HSTABLIsaED IN 1835. Messrs. GRORGE DAVIES A SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton.woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.R., A SON. M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUABS, MANCHESTER.

HA lifiliS.3-14xtraordinary Vmue.— l'bree Sots of Pony- -2 Cob, 3 Sbandr3-, 4 Sets of Cart.—J FRY & Co., 124, Dale-street. LiverpJol.

D }AL BAkGAINd I Ladies' strong eyela good condition; 1.1., also Knitting Staahine, 'cheap.'—Miss FOSTER, Cototer- worth, Grantham.

If AMBBLL'S FICSIALB PILLS. is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., LA post free. Plain wrapper.--From 6. OAKES Sr Co., 1, Bond-street, Weymouth.

ON SALE, good I cISDHANOB BOOK ;£5 debit; good solid bu.iness,—Apply, T CICuRrREY, Bb4, Atherton- road, Hindley Green, Wigan. I ADIBB' BOOTS at Factory Prices; Box Cloth or Glace Kid ; button, lace, or Derby boots, Bs, carriage paid.— B VORLF.Y, Boot stores, Rushden.

QTAMP COLLBOTORS.—A useful diary for 1903 (16 pp., 7 x 5 ins.), and 30 varieties Foreign btamps,3d. —SMYTH STAMP Co., Boscombe, Bournemouth. HARDWARE, Clothing, Furniture. Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue free.— BERRIDGE 4nd Co. (102), Birmingham. PATCHWORK.—Large parcel pretty silks, velvets, Is 4d. free; bundle silk cuttings given with 2 pareels.—DßEas- MAKER, 8, High-street, Nltham. Kent. PUBE Cut Green Bone. Best Food for Poultry. us cwt 5$ 6d half cwt 2a 9d qr. cwt Delivered Free id town or on raiI.—HEALD, 29, Lincoln-street, Blackburn. IHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINLIS, every variety ki Champion Mangers, Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 10C page List free-31ABBOT'S, Poland-street, Manchester. IrRADBSMAN'S GOODS.—Trailers, £3, Quite the rage L Attach any Bicycle ; still further improved for 190.- 111IDESMEN'El REQUISITES SUPPLY,I6, Devonshire Sq.,London.

IIIARRIIID LLIDIES l—lnformati n and advi co of Price- .ll.l leas Value (Free); send stamped envelope; please name paper.—M.rs. LIWIWNCE, " St. 141 mo," Egremont, Liverpool. 1.3/Q GENT'S SUITS. 31, 11d. GENT'S TROUSERS, Style and workmamaup guaranteed. Send for Patterns, MIDLAND CLOTHING CO , 6, royal Buildings, Leeds. WES ERHART' 4 Curious Love Letter, twelve extra funny I.) Stereoscopic Photographs (life-lke), end French novelty, 3s. Securely packed.—Hrems, 142, Balsall Heath-road, Hrmilgbam.

I EGGINGS !--Smart military officer's appearance; very 1.4 strong, all leather, lace up side ; will send a pair, post free, for 24 stamps.—From H. J. GABEION, Government Contractor, Rye.

SPECIAL OFFER.—ASTROLOGY. changes, important events, marriage partner described. ruling planet,,tc ; 6 stamps, stamped envelope.—V iIERCHELL, 50, Grainger- street. Newcastle-on-Tyne. V!rALL—PAPHRS FROM Lib, PHIL ROLL. Any quart- ' tity, large or small, at Wholesale Prices. Stock exceeds 100,0 W rolls, all classes. —BARNETT, Campfleld- avenue, Liverpool-road, Manchester.

TISSFUL PRHSENTS.—ChiId's Knife, Fork, Spoon, in box. 1. ; Hollow Ground Razors, Gem, Is. ; Corona- tion. is 6d. ; money returned if dissatisfied.—WlLDSMlTH & Co.. 4Ba, Fitzwilliam-street, Sheffield.

HULMB',I Compound Steel and Pennyroyal Pills for Females are tto best and always give satisfaction ; in boxes, post free, Is lid, 2s 9d ; best boxes, 4s 6d. Established 18430.—MuhmE, Chemist, Nottingham.

T AMES should send for our patterns of Serge,. Zibelines. _LI Habit Cloths. Cheviots, .ltc. Special I—A Pitied dress length for lOs 6d ; will not spot or cockle with rain.— WEBSTER, & CO., The Warehouse, 3, Bllis-street, Bradford.

A 6TROLOGY.—AII important Bvents in Life Foretold. 13 Marriage Partner deecribed,Children,Changes,Journeys, Legacies Planet,&o. Send birth date, 6 stampe, and stamped envelope, " CELIA.," 24. Regent-street, Brighton, Sussex.

HORSIIIS LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the market. 451 n. long by 381 n. wide; waterproof on stout navy canvas and weighs 41b. ; I will send one post free for 3s. ; cash returned if not approved of.--1-f. 3. OssaoN. Rye.

‘ITHRILITIf in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- 'Lent. An Illustrated lidition, by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s Bd. London: SHELLEY et CO., LTD, 38, Graeechurch-street.

VREHHOLD LAND, £26 per acre, Wallop, Wan.ston and Chilbolton ; plctueesque and healthy villages in Hants; plots £lB ; free deeds ; instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulars, Mr BRAKE, Chilbolton, Stockbridge. Hants.

IJAPHitHALICHN,-+ Decorators nnd others —Owing 1 to the Death of one of the Partners the Whole of our STOCK MUST Bk CLEAKIED at once. No reß.sonaole offer refused. Come and inspect.—LEwis Co, 31, Miller-street, Manchester.

- COMPOUND " STEEL and PHNNYROYAL 1 1 PILLS for Female Ileceseities are the beet and always effective In boxes 'Dist es, is. lad. and 28. 9d. ; best boxes, 4s. 6d. listablished 1860. HULMES, Chemists, Nottingham.

INDIGESTION, HYSPBPSIA, Lose of Appetite, Banwell's Tonio never fails to cure ; one dose a day • satisfaction yuaranteell or money williegly returned. Trial bottle Is. Ed. large bottle 2s. 9d., post free* -D. BANWELL, 77. Tweedale- street, Rochdale. "TOME WORK by the quickest, simplest, and lates 1 improved HARRISON KNITTING MACHINES.t highest wages earned. —Lists from HARRISON MACHINE, CO, LTD., 48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

ICINE, a PERFECT BALLROOM GLAZE.—Mere!y requires sprinkling. Neither greasy nor dusty. In perforated tins. Post free is, 6d. and 2s. 9a.—T. JARDINE, 9. Minerva-street, Hackney-road, Lohdon, N.H.

NPaTING, RTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Note, Purse Nets, sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tuomss JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corporction-street, Manchester.

ALL HAIRDRESSERS, &c., should try Cutoberbirch's NOTED QUI.SEN RAZOR, praised by all users, and guaranteed to all the trxde ; cheanest yet produced.—Write for prices to 27, ROCHDALE-ROAD, Manchester.

•lANITAR.Y inspector's lixaminations.—Tborough training for above by an Associate af the Sanitary Institute. No Looks required. Correspondence, success guaranteed. Write particulars and testimonials AS.!., 12, Hilda-place Saltburn-by-Sea.

lIMPORTANT TO LADIELs. Send Postal Order 2s 6d and we will send post free half-dozen Ladles' Pure Irish Linen Handstitehed HANDKERCHIEFS. Money returned f goods not approved. —Dept- 1, RonmoN'Er, The Belfast Linen Warehouse, Southport. QUPERPLUOUS HAlR.—Perfected Eleetrolyats thy Mr. LI Parka's inveations) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction without markings, By appointment only.—Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES. Electrician, Church-Street, Southport.

PURR COD LINTEn OIL, WARRANTBD PURR direct from the Manufacturer, in bottles containing pint and half, 25., carriage paid. Special quotations for quantities.— R OOLBRIDGE, Ood Liver 011 King, 78, Stanley-street, Grimsby. Established 1884.

HRUMATISM AND GOUT. A Martyr for years to LI, Gout and Rheumatism has beer. quite Cured with a most simple Remedy, which he will freely communicate to sufferers on receiving address.—Apply rIAPTAIN GILLESPIE, 93, Film Grove-road, Barnes. London, S,W.

HRUMATISYL—AII kinds speedily IjUilliD.—Viarve 1& lons discovery, which quickly expels the poisonous Uric Acid from the blood. Perfectly harmless.—Sufferers write immediately. BARING GouLn. Rheumatic Specialist b 3.3 Moseley-road, Birmingham. Advice free.

-101LRUG ATED SHIT, from lOs 6d per cwt Wasters ki 9s 6d per cwt; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanise4 Tanks Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Platee, Builders Ironwork ; Felts. 3e 9d per roll —Susoci.nutia, it Co., Beaver Works, Wolverhampton •

HAM PHRS, Wiskets, Setting Baskets on sale; special quotations for quantities; clothes baskets, special quality brown; send for sample dozen assorted sizes at extra low prices, carriage paid. L not satisfactory please return them to FRANK WRIGHT, Illawdesley, Ormskirk.

PARISIAN Female Pilules, absolutely infallible, speedy safe. Far superior to Steel, Pennyroyal, Aloes, Hier, Piers, and all such remed'es. Price with direetions, 2s 91 post free ; free from observation.—Sole IiNGLISU DI.TRIEUr ING DEPOT, tico,etiburn, Chemical Laboratory, Driffield.

VALUABLE DISCOVHRY SUBSCRIBBR CURED HIMSELF AFTER ilfteen years' suffering from PILES. He offers permanent cure, with a written guarantee to return the money if the cure is not'effected in a given time. Stamped address for reply.—Davin,HlLL, Ternplastra, Bushmille, Counry Antrim, Ireland.

rllO BH SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Dull, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HoMTNO, 16 Fenwick-street. Liverpool.

FOUND DEAD. SANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. " After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- Buse, Helsthorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—C. Coox, Farmer. Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—C. WrLlor, Offord.—Send Is 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St,Beds. Sold by Chemists.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS &c: BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 TO 2, AMMONIA 2k TO 3, PHOSPHATE 10 TO 12. PRICE £2 15s. PER TON. B. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT. AT YLRD, OR FREE ON RAILS, SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3f TO 4, AMMoNIA 4 To 4k, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRICE' £4 2s. 6D. PER TON, 7s, 6n. PER TON CASH DIStiOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS, TOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLE JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAJ CHITERER, ALLEN STREET, WAkRINGTON. Talephone No 222. Telegrams Toole. Warrington.

SWEETS FOR THE CHILDREN. SECRETARIES AND COMMITTEES OF SCHOOLS CAN BE SUPPLIED WITH THE BEST OF EVERYTHING CHOCOLATEI AND GENERAL CONFROrIONRRY FOR STALLS AND SCHOOL TRHAT, &C. CALL AND INSPECT OUR STOCK OR BEND FOR OUR REPRESENTATIVE. J. LYTHOOK & CO., SAMIEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. J. COLLiS BROW NES CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL &ND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderfnl and valuable remedy ever dis 3overed. OHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for ‘..) Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. ciIiLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests tl3oBe too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Oroup, Ague, in.HLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea kJ and is the only specific in Choleratand Dysentery. CI.ILORODYNS effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. -111LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- k) ea, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis &a. From Dr. B. J. BoULTON AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in ow practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude rot 3btalnsble by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; thgt it leaves no unpleasant after effects. •• Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's ,:;onsui at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, let December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CaUTlox.—Vice-Chancelior Sir W. PA.Ga WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BiIoWNE was, anioubtedly, the inventor r 0 14LORODYNE " awl that the story of the defendant BEEMAN, was deliberately untrue. which he ra4ratted to y had been swora to.-3de Ziotes, 13th July, 1834. sold in bottles at Is. 14-4,., is. 91., ant la. 3i. lane is nuine witnoat tho weda •.) ti 'JO ,Ll 3 dIA g LORODY/51E "on the Goverumant Sta no. t)rs-wleim; Med'e..l testimony amaartpantea each battle

J. A. MORRISON, LATE STARKEY AND MORRISON), SEED MERCHANT. APPLY FOR CATALOGUE OF VEGETABLE, FLOWER, Sz.- FARM SEEDS, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. G@LDEN SU/UM WARRIIS GTON.

- JOSEPH W OODWARD, . BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSRY-STRIIBT, WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL t . TO HIS "LOYAL -r•-• DI WARRANT OF ;410_4 AJESTY THEKm.. APPOINTMENT ... AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. 'HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A, HORSEMARK ET STREET, WARRINGTON,

YOU CAN EAT ANYTHING YOU LIKE, IF YOU TAKE MILLER'S DYSPEPSIA • TABLETS, (ONE AFTER EACH MEAL.) BE SURE YOU GET A BOX AND HAND THEM ROUND THE TABLE. 7tD. PER BOX PROM IT, MILLER, CHEMIST, 77, BRIDGE STREET, "WARRINGTON.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE. THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. GREAT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTH r; NTS. COSTUAES MILLINERY. MANTLES. RICH FURS. SILKS, DRESS M ./TE RI ALS, LACES, CHILDREN'S COSTUMES AND MANTLES, BLOUSES, TEA GOWNS, DRESSING GOWNS. HOSIERY, GLOVES, RIBBONS, &c. BASNETT STREET ERPOOL.

Zintlassifitbi

BOHOUliii Or WAH,ttiNGTON.-10 Bb L6T BY TENDER. 1. All that fully licensed Inn known as the " Queen's Hotel " in Sankey-street, for the term of three years from the 25th March next • The tenancy thereafter to be deter- minable on six months' notice from any date. 2. The two rooms adjoining the Queen's Hotel and recently used as a Druids Hall. Immediate possessipn can be given of thess rooms oa terms of tenancy similar to the above, 3. The house and shop in Fennel-street, known as "Vernon's Pawnshop," Particulars of the above premises and further information as to tenancies can be obtained at the office of the Borough Treasurer on and after Tuesday next. Tenders securely fastened endorsed " Tender for and addrePsed to the Chairman of the Finance Committee to be sent to me on or before Vonday, the 26th instant. 3. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 9th January 1903.

OUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGION c I ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT. The ELECTRICITY COMMITPRE of the CORPORATION of WARRING-TOD/ are PREPARED to RECELVE TENDERS fcr TWO BICYCLES. Specification can be obtained on application to the Borough Electrical Engineer, Electricity Works, Howl,y. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington. VISITORS TO LIV,RPOOL SHOULD WALK ALONG MANCHESTEII-STREET and see our window. Everything pleasing and cheap. We are still giving a discount of Ds in the E. We cannot be beaten for art jewellery, paste ornaments. &e., from is., only address In Liverpool. —DIAM ‘XNTA COMPA.N Y, 34, MAN- CHESTER-STREET.

Gifklhatil.l., about 19; small family; two VY maids kept.—Apply Mrs (I H KIRKPATRICK, Hindley Green. near Wiga:i.

NVANTHD GENERALS with good references; good wages.—Address, Mrs WHARAM'S REGISTRY, 438, Lees-road. Oldham, Lanes. WANTED A GIRL for House-work not more than 22, Protestant preferred ; good references required.-- Address Mins TWIGGE, Halewood.

ANTRD general SHRVANT ; musk have been out before; washerwoman every week.—EPWORTH HOUSE, Bedford-street, Leigh, Lancashire. WANTED Cood COOK, earls' in January; personal refer- ences required,—Apply Mrs. ALFRED J. THOMPSON Merlwood, Cuddington, near Northwich.

WANTED, Cooks, Generals. Housemaids, Nurses ; fares paid ; character required.—Miss Borrom.Er's Registry, Morley-street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

UT ANTED good honest ; age from 19 to 24 ; V! wages 6s. par week. Good home.—Apply Mrs.Powiflis, 5, Market-street, Westhoughton, near Bolton.

WANTED. CO°K-GENERAL and Housemaid-Waitress; family two; references required.—Addreis MRS. ROGERSON, The Bungalow, St. Annes-on-the-Sea, WANTED GENERAL, young Strong; no washing; good references.—Write, stating age. experience. &es., Miss GORDON, 15, York Place, Oxford-road, Manchester.

V‘TANTED HOUSHMAID-,NAI CHESS or superior General as Housemaid-Waitress.—Address, with par- iculars, MRB. BUDGE, Abbotsford, Sale,'lear Manchester. \,‘T ANTED, immediately, several good GENERALS, T Cooks, Housemaids, and Nurses ; no charge till suited. —Apply 25, WENTWORTH-AVENUE, New Brighton.

MORBUAMBIL—FUHNISHBD HOUSE to let; healthy position ; two hay windows. Terms 15s per week, winter months. Business elsewhere. Houses to sell and let,—Mooßk, Coistracter, Morecambe.

TNIVBILSITY SCHOOL SO IJTH PORT.—A. most successful Boarding School for Boys.—T. ISHERWOOD, M.A.,LL.D. rro BE SOLD cheap. PONY VAN (loose top) ; also rubber: 1. tyrad Ralli Car; both in splendid condition. —J . BROADBENT, Yeast Importer, Tyldesley and Atherton.

(LI COD SrABLE MANCH% 2s 9d per ton, put on rail. R GILL, Lower Clarkeafield's, Lees-road, Oldham. OOK I--4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLU u H HHS sewn ID very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for 6s 6d per pair ; money returned if not approved of,—H. 3. GABSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

DHBUSIATISM : Its Cause and Cure. Booklet with mass _Li, of Londsfia and provincial testimonials. Instant relief certain. (No Belts, Drugs or Oils). Send post card but no money. It is absolutely free.--RHEUMATIC RG Co., 315, High Holborn, London,

PARROTS! Notice: Ii you want one ot these, the most Interesting of all birds, send to fountain head. RATS RATS I—Only one exterminater of Rats and that is a Mon- goose ; a pair killed 150 in one night.—Cnoss. King of Wild Beast Merchants, Liverpool. 0, TIES Silk Samples, lie-holder,-Stud, Gem pin 8G ka, ki Gold crown. Smart glue. Why pay Is each ? / Coot.. ' Knit. m/c. Co., Leicester.

DEAUTY Secrete of the Harem.—Lady(who tt3 an inmate of an Eastern Harem has gained her knowledge) will lie pleased to advise by post and send Recipes to Ladies de- sirous of improvinv their personal appearance in any way ; Is. 6d. only. MADAME, 13 Swallow-street, Piccadilly, W.

AG H NTS wanted.—lncandescent Mantles, Particulars free; dozen 2s. 6d,—SEAROHLIGHT MANTLE COMPANY, West-street, Sheffield. - frALKING- MACHIINES at rock-bottom prices.--Columble I regards from Is. ; records exchanged 6d. each. Write for List to UREENWOOD & Co., Wholesale Musical Instrument Importers, Padiham, Lancs. Telephone OX.

Le, 031 Z gLi. tor the Complexion aud hands; acts like its magic ; perfectly harmless , le. lid., 2e. 9cl,—Ma4arne RiTx, 142. Baleall Heath-road Birmingham.

STAMPS—Small Collections bought. Write for etleap Lis). iiOc4F.R9, IG, Longley.road. Tooting London.

NEW YEAR'S Tf)RESENTS. R. C LAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. AND 12. LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

flannel). mEED oNxy UNDER WILLS Olt DS.—Persons entitled to Cash or Property at deAth of relatives, or to Idle Incomes.can borrow at 4 per cent, per annurn,or Mc VITTtE,42, John Calton-street. Manchester. gl5O 000 At from 3f per cent to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowers in any part of the country.—J IV 85, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

• EN SHILLING per week Profit paid on each £lO invested in a genuine, well-established Bmiuess ; don't miss this exceptional opportunity of making money; balance-sheet and full particulars on apiAication.—E. PRICE, 46. Havelock road, Hastings.

1.4-IXPECTATIONS UNDHIt 4VlLLS.—Peranns entitled to Li money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCIi any amount, from £4 pc. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preferred, loan and interest repayable when legacies are paid. No preliminary chargas.—Apply MR. PEEL, 41. New Oxford-street, Loudon, W.C.

SPRIIIAL NOTICE. ATR. N. STAFFORD is prepared to make CASH -1 ADVANCES from £5 to 21,000 to all persons worthy of credit in sums varying from E.5,£10,22j,230,£00. and up- wards, on note of hand on most reasonable terms, repayable by weekly, fortnightly, or monthly instalments. On receipt of application I will call. and if satisfied oomplete advance. An y distance. Strictest privacy observed. Letters answered. Write or call in confidence to MR. N. STAFFORD, 3, TIE-LANE, OROsS-STRiO3I, M .NCHESTER.

k,rABLit.ED 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straighttorward and honour- able manner in which I have always condu2ted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2, KING—STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STREEr. CHESTER.

0 FINES.—NO SUItETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tradespeople, farmers &c., for whatever purpose required,and any lengtn of time. Reasonable interest AND EASY REPAYMENTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISIANOE NO 0 IiJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to H. WOLVE & Co., 4 PARKER-ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours 9 a.m to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ,AIDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders. on their own security, without delay, on four simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRKELY. OVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

• IMPORTA.N r TO tiutitcoWr.:ll6 NO FEES OR CHIRGER3 WHATEVER. Any person desirous of obtaining a loan at once from £lO to £1,030 for any private or business purposes on note of hand alone, and without sureties, Carl obtain gam- by apply ing to oar manager. Applications can be made personally or by letter, and upon receipt of same a representative will at once call to see yoo and complete the business, DIiTANCE NO OBJECT. Apply WOLFE, 9. CORPOR6.IIOI-STREEr, MANCIIE9TER. P.S.—lf any person is paying the usual extortionate rate of interest arrangements can be made to pay off,

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. TASTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER TTE COMPANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1898. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL 225,G03, LOANS OF 25 TO 2500 are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Alto upon Deeds of Property, Building Society : Policies of Assurance, ecc. FOR FURTHER PAIiTICULA APPLY 'l.'o THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WAOSWORI: 121, Mersey Street.

---------------- U NON uirtEDir BANK, MAUI:RD Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, BENI:MAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Advances made from £3 to £5,U09 upon personal security, Deeds. lihares, Policies, Reversions, Annuities, &c. £lO fiepayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...Eo 14s 94. £5O ~ 208. ~ e• ~ £3 8s Od. £lOO ~ 40s. „ ;, £6 15s Od, Other sums propomionately. Bills discounted. Also ad. canoes far fixed periods. Stocks ana shares bought and sold —Further particulars on application, personally or by letter Tel. 5438 Liverpool. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

OASH AOLSOM.VIuDaIIUrs. cteslo TO ,t5OO. NOTE OP HAND ONLY. NO. BONDSMEN. NO BILL OF SALE. LOANS GRANTED DAILY To all Respectable Working Men, Shopkeepers, Farmers, Hotel Proprietors, Market Gardeners. Boardink-house Keepers, and all others, without sureties or publicity. A simple PROMIS3ORY NOTE ONLY is all that is required at this office. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Call personally, or write to Manager, 295 ELL STREET, MOLT-ROAD, KENSINGTON, LIVERPOOL. Letters will receive prompt attention. Any Diltance. NB —This is a Private House and no objectionable signs or any description given outside the premi:es as to being a loan office, thus avoiding any unpleasantness which may occur to borrowers when going to ordinary Loan Moos in Liverpool.

MONEY LEM PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments s may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, mad has always conducted his business UNDiftli HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received HAN Y HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND 'MANES from those who have dea4 with him. , For evidence, 660 'l3arrlDl;i-els,. hfc with Prospectue , terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT; COUNTY PALELTINE.BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STRE ET,MANCHES TER

TOWLE'S 0 HLORUDYNE R3-11mq 1i fo COUGHS, TOWLE'S CLILORO DYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS. rri I I I OWLE'S kjHLORODY NE Asthma, . INFLUENZA, r r 1 0 WLE'S C Spasms, HLORODYN F. 24 doses for 2s. rf...IWL IL'S UHLOROD YNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKR NO OTHER.

HONT & ALMS 0.. MERCIIANT TAILoRS, 1 AND 3 MANCHESTER Sralf,e4r, LIVERPOOL. SPECIAL PURCHASE 70 PIECES PURE INDIGO BLUE (SEWS, To B CLEATIED AT 355. SUIT TO MEASURE. SCOTCH, IRISH, & WEST OF ENGLAND TWEEDS. ALL THOROUGHLY StiltUNK, 00s. SUIT TO MEASURE. OUR SPECIALITY OVERCOATtI in RAINPROOF, in at the latest Shades, Greens, Greys & Drabs. 295. 6D. OVERCOATS TO ORDER. WRITE OR CALL FOR PA.T.IERNS.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS, 7, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. • HALL-MARKED SILVEit GOODS. Established 1830.

SPECTACLES RUIN THE SIGHT I I 11 WIZEN INCORRECTLY ADAPTED. BEFORE WEARING GLASSES, CALL AT MR. NsUBERI"S HTABLISHMNBT WHERE YOUR SIGHT WILL BE CAREFULLY TESTED. ArlD ALL ADVICE UIVEN, FREE OF CHARGE. GLASSES ORDERED ONLY WHEN NECESSARY. ISPECTACLES AT MODERATE PRICES, BEE TESIIMONIALS. F. A. NEUBERT, F. S. M. C. t CONSULTING OPTICIAN. EYESIGHT VESTING ROOMS. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. AND AT SOL THPORT.I ARE YOU A MARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION, BILIOUS- NES3, INABILITY TO ASSIMILATE YOUR FOOD, Wind in the Stomach, and yet trying to do your daily work like a healthy man? IT MAY BE HEROIC That effort of yours but you are bound to fail in the race for wealth, unless you gat rid of these troubles at once. There is a newly discovered Enzyme which is ten times as powerful as Pepsin which will digest your food for you, resting your stomach and giving it the tone necessary to pertor tt its normal functions. This new discovery is embodied in MILLER'S I)I',SPEPSIA TABLETS WHICH ARE SOLD BY H. illiLiA-R, CHEMIST. 77, BRIDGE STREET, wArtruNaroN, AT 7D, PER BOX.

'ulE fVarrington and Alit-Cheshire Examiner, our, lished every Saturday morning. THE Runcorn Examine—, published i Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. rHE Earlestown and Newton .Examiner, published L every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADV6RTISEM.ENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HousEs WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HoUsES To BE SOLD ftaTIOLES LOST MASCELLANEoLTS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND J MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks, Weeks. 18 •... Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Odi 27 . Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 46 54

TI-IE XAMINEk. JANUARY 16th, 1903.

)/6 P" (f3OMTLEINRCLIUDAEDL) QUART SCOTCH AND .1 KIS EL WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART. I/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLB, FULTON BROS, %intim MERCHANTI, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

KENRICK, THE TAILOR, 16, RENSHAVir ,STREET, LIVERPOOL. STYLE, FIT, AND REASONABLE CHARGES.

SALE W T, WILLIAMS DALE is NOW PROCEEDING. WHOLE STOCK REDUCED IN PRICE. IVIILLINERY & JACKETS AT HALF PRICg. DRESS MATERIALS AND ALL RINDS OF FANCY DRAPERY AT A GREAT SACRIFICE. 74 SANKEY ST. & 1 LEGE ST, WARRINGTON.

CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, NEWTON. The Young Men's Bible Class in connection with the above church held their first annual social on Saturday evening. The young men invited young ladies and about 140 sat down to tea, a number of lady members of the church presiding at the tables. After tea,games Sm., were indulged in. Mr. J. Isherwood contributed several songs and selections on the musical glasses. Mr. Ridyard gave a Lancashire sketch and Miss Bertha Smithassisted with several recitatioqs. Mr. Turbot sang "The green grass grew all round." During the evening a presenta- tion consisjng of a book was made by Mr. Owen to Mr Cook on his leaving town for Birmingham. The arrange- ments were efficiently carried out by Mr. Owen, of Newton.

M m sit an Pi*. NHS. A aPEUtALIIY. --AM MOT if POSTERS. L x 0 it T Y AMMOTH FOR Ali &Li POSTS. THE MOST STRIKING --ANIMOTH POSTERS. POSTER —AMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the (Jaunty. --Ald?dOTH POSTERS. AJAMOTH POSTE SPdOIALI:Y. POSIIMS OF ALL SIZES May be Inspectnt and Estimate ,i;it Li .1 ti WIN - ALKv;III

- Protects i W. .4'l' I''' 1'1). ' T'S if • from kb, 4,:. , ~.„ , i Infectious Diseases. A COAL TAR S -•:AP il 1 IS TEE ORIGINAL ONLY GENUINE, 1 .1 1 6 Has 40 Years' Reputation. It is THE Nursery Soap. RI mE IFTuAsTEI 0, 4 .4 ..st ,

THE NEW LICENSING ACT. • Warrington's First "Black-Lister." To John Wilfred Delooze 30, Dudley-street. belongs the unenviable distinction Of being the first Warrington man to be placed upon the" block-list in accordance with the provisions of the New Licensing Act in re- gard to the treatment of habitual drunkards. Delooze aPPeared before Mr. F. Monks and other magistrates at tilLe County Borough Police Court on Monday, on the caarge of having been drunk and disorderly in Winwick- street at nine o'clock on Saturday evening. • P.C.Metcalfe stated that he found the prisoner lean- ing against the wall at the Central Station in a helpless condition. He took him into custody and he refused to Wat., lk• Witness obtained the assistance of P.C. Cooper v'6), and the prisoner, who made use of filthy language, wan taken to the Police Station. Sup • enntendent Monaghan said the prisoner had been tw`cre the court four times for drunkenness within p.lve months. That was his 29th appearance. ris°ner was fined ss. and costs and the Chairman thlenarked that he had such a disreputable character that n• Be oh wouldhave to place his name on the "black list." Mr. Birchall: Keep him sober against his will. fore Clerk: You are not allowed to have any drink three years from to-day. prisoner, who seemed rather surprised at this anlimincement, was photographed during the 'morning. ',"•"` 3,ei •

• The Ccoal. 17. g ralpinate Is Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour—ii is essential to best 'results in so many delightful dishes. For Soups, Vegetabie and Fish Sauces, M lk Puddings, Custards, and Bialcinang-es, this Corn Flour should especially be t e foundation. Added to ordinary flour it improves cakes and pastry. 7.7. D em•o77reteaklerons " PATENT " TP '4' lOU r excels in that it adds flavour and food value. Just how useful Corn Flour is in Cookery is shewn in • Brown & Poison's new A. Cook Book, containing 76 simple recipes for Making dinner "nicer." Send id.' stamp to Brown & Poison, Paisley. This useful bookl_t will come by return,

B-1 RD': CU STAR' POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satigfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in end!ess variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK NO TROUBLE!

OR THE BLOOD :s THL LIFE, CLARKE's WORLD-F[O4ED Bum .1116.0 i AT tjR THOUSANDS Or THSTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who bay received great benefit from the use of Clarkes Blood Sliattue It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Pamily Doctor, which goes an further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tc tight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." • Warranted to cleanse the Wood from ill impurities, from whatever reuse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, skin and Moor Diseases, Vimples. and Sores of all kinds, its eftects are malty 'Jolla. It is the only real specific for Gout and lthesuna so Paitlei, tor it removes the cause from the blood and oanto. Thous.nds of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Ils, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro prietcrs.' LINCOLN AND 51IDIAN9 COUNTIES ORLI CCIII PANY 1;:001..N. Beware -f worthless imitiations

IskIADFORIPS UNIVE,tbALL APPROVED LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACHINERY over..su..: Gold ez Silver Me..lais and First rt.!, Awards. NEWS 3 - AiAWIJA, " "Vow Er. 1V ,HIND, R1M..., I "PIAPHRAGM" CHURNS. AND MANDLING MACHINES. 111 TTER Won:IRS:S. LAUNDRY REQUISITAS. DAIItY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BnADFORD MW CO., 1.40.142, High Holborn, London; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool • . Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent Iron Works, Sailor& C E '4l A 9 4, Atnii THE RUST IN THE WORLD. 'tfl Testimonials y received from TuD r 4, • • V 4,41: Medical Mon. ViS7 NORWICH 8r LONDON.

What's in a Box of -. ..,,...,..! . .-- Homocea ? Avork--, A Ai-- J --': Bronchitis, Burns, Bruises, Blisters, Boils, Face-ache, Sore-Gums, Cracked .1141 L. Lips, Sore Throat, Chilblains (Broken or Unbroken.) 041111MEINammonampoilli Cuts, Chffes, Piles, etc. It Touches the Npot and gets to the root of all aches and pains. Price 1/1i and 2/9 per tin of all Chemists. ' 1 • Ear- ; :,,,:fiecea -L.-moron 1011

, - i 5, • - tk;l 60 Ac 14 E OF I - 0 11.10 . , , Healthy Climate. Coed Crops. Free Schools. 4 Light Taxes. Abundant Water. 0 C f ? The most progressive and prosperous Colony. Pamphlets and information supplied gratis. 4 For particulars apply to the Office of the High Commissioner for Canada, or to Mr. W. T. R. PRESTON, Commissioner of Emigration, 17, Victoria I Street, London, S.W., or to Mr. A. F. JURY, Old Castle Buildings, Preesons Row, Liverpool. 1

, --4,84•..---..---_ THE 1 _ •-•`;'---------14*6-7--__,-,;,,,,,,,, . ~ t.-__..„,...„ L- \ V \ ::1 ' ,•t, ~ i 9' \ 'Vo 'At,' ":.'il ..:i".' ilr' ...:' . ' ; ... At .... to n• d, .of the .• • i ~ , , :)..vrersq-, i',, „.„,..,,....„ 4.. c , P ~ 1 ti.A. ni., a.u.k. arg , i., ? v .: B 'f,----1 11... ~ - - '- P- ... '-, :-.--------\ \ •. a, ::, ~ ... t, Tab', . ;?,,,.:, , ~ \ „ 4,.....-.)-_-4,\‘, 46, 0 alwall.N2=l.l. 40 . S. : '''.: '.l g#l fir L. I I. ' \''‘'-, •I' - A British Product is-;t::,.:;. ..4!, 7. .. ~.t. ' /I . ) '—',ll \ t- 1 ii ; , •- . - , 1., -;., which America can neither approach in 14: SI4SOTit mirliA\P VI "'Y j 6 '...., or. , .\\.ib !\ \it: -; .' - '\ t-- Excellence nor Shake in Br 1 tt. itish favour. 16 I

.14. , . .. 1 it..r,/,' ~ . ; ' i. • . G • -:-:;:•": ,c;;.,:.'...2::-...'4•;'' .. ~.',‘l t ... ...,,...- 0 ----- "...EPANII3.3I4I3§.INS,- ' .7----,.....:---• ~ , ~:tt • ~F:*• ,A 1 -?-;41 ,t, I. • ' 7,4,, ..-.. v-,A, .....". . eik ~„.• ' - ''..,,,;, The Purest. The (hear :sr and the F -,..,,, c., ,-. : • <-,.. C ONCE USED It becomes a Household necessity. THOS-§.%,,, ,v ; , , .4 -5,, ~..Co lii,„, , ...,..,.„ , . . . _, :* :. ~..f.i.:k.,: _ ‘:-..2... r-'.- • 4,!. ~- z..r...--i...... -

_ma SUIT, 1 R *.: .1 , „:1,,t. tor .5.... D. per week 430_,1 li , 5 . di ‘,.. i,, , tit, 7 tuer,i I 13 ,•rp. s„,„%ihicriir,..,:itil ;4i .10:e:dvi ,ter.ua ta,egvil,,,euelii;f:kuyll:o;.):)olT:.rtrifflgeoftel 1 CORONATION SERGE N: , • i li B,ne, Bk(k, r Gle3s 11 Vl\ \\ Send tc-day for patterns and self- measurement forms, to C. E. WRIGHT and Co, 649, Attercliffe-rd., Sheffiela. Carriage pad on a.l orders. We guarantee all gouda to fit, 100 , .'-; smart and well wade. . 1,, Elease mention this paper.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND I growLE,spEaNNsyTREILAL DILLS FOR FEMALES.° QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, itEmovz ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1/1:i &29 (contains three times the quantity), ol all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 54 tamps, by E. T. TOWLE-& Co., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Beware of Imitations, injurious and worthless.

ST RE NA 80. "It is NOT:an Imitation." STRENBO is a Fluid Beef, that not only apreals to the palate, but is highly recommer ded by the leading Medical Jour-ak, and prescribed by Medical Men. and used in Medical Institutions ; as a means by which health is secured and strength restored. Instead of spending money in extravagant advertising, we give the value in STRENBO itself. " Ask for STRENBO, and don't be put ofl with other brands." "Vie don't give Pictures." To le had at all Chemists and Grocers

DON'T COUCH for KEATING'S LOZEitira EASILY CURE THE WORST COUCH. One gives relief. An increasing sale of over 80 years is a certain test of their value. Sold in 13id. tins everywhere.

A Beautiful Figure and Improved klealth Is ensured to wearers of this perfect Corset. The latest model of a fashionable expert, anatomically constructed to give strong support find improvement to the figure. Ladies who use this new model corset say it is far and away the best ever manufactured. • • M g • Mr:i2V3 CIiTENT 1,,4:4-#Xi.'4,4 • SPRING ,„):%t• • • • • s' ET Beautiful in Construction. Unrivalled in Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the movemegts of the body, and the side supports are UNBREAKABLE. Modelled in different shapes to Cult various types of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. Prices. 3/111 to 1013. , Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitter% but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest agent. Insist on having the 1.8. Sitie..VoTinc Cortt— The Best. IMPORTAMT.—The wear of every .7.13-Corsa. nb.,1‘11.....1.7 (1.1.1,,Van• ',II by the— Hint, MANUFACTURER, J. S. SLAM Crelt Ancoats Strelt, Manohoster.

14Z.4 - 40, • • • I 4 .6- Tm ENT), CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

, , • . ...••• ' :. e• 'r, 1 I i A i " ~ .... , . , • , . _ s, • . , . . .., ...,, • - PLEASE APPLY FOR PROSPECTUS. There is no limit to the number taken, of the popular books of the day, and customers find the service very different to the ordinary provincial library. PROPRIETORS:gO CASH C“EMISTS. 5, BRIDGE Si., WA I- hINGT )•1.

UMBRELL&S I UMBRELLAS I LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE POI, PRESE NT' LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W4iLKING sTICRS lEBRELLAS DEMNSFIADHS REICOVBRUD IN att. 801111 FROM S. On. T. BM ERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY AND OPPOSITE CONSTANTI/vE'S BATES • OXFORD-STREET, ANCB EsT ic

SAM N. GREEN, ll'.o/CMONGER AND GENERAL DEAR, THF: SPOT SHOP, FISH MARKET, WARRINt3TON. (FOR:USEFUL ARTICLES FOR XMAS. FOR BHST VALUR IN EVERYTHING. GO TO SAM N. GREEN'.

GYMNASTIC APPARATUS. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO H. HUNT AND SON, 89, WINDSOR STREIT, LIVERPOOL. GYMNASIA FITTED TROUGROUT IN ANY FART OF THE COUNTRY.

REDUINCTION I FOR c INCANDEsCENT 1 7,_—_-; '----,,t_ , , BURNERS I:NCANDES CENT , 1 , MANTLES. i ~, s INCANDESCENT CHIMNEYS 1 j Ns%, INOANDESCENv GLOBES 2 .Al-1-14, ALL KINDS OF SMOKE .. PROTECTORS. , GAS GLOBIIts OF I),Fit'etti.i.NT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BEMATUMED OR EXCHANGED AT ADAMS, 80 ST JAMES PLACE, ; WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE , GLASS SHADES AND STANDS GLASSE FOR GRAVES &v. _ AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT J. ADAMS, 212, 0 ETH-HILL ST., it 14, S.S4ITHDOWN-RD, A LIV KR POOL.

TgLEPIIONE No. 355 Y. LEDGERS, CASH BOOKS, JOURNALS, DAY BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, INVOICES. STATEMENTS. ke., ke. ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES ACCOUNT BOOKS, Stc. MADE To JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEWS EY STREET, WARRINGTON

_ FOR F RST-CLASS PTV ATE, D g NT 1 STR Y TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but ;nay be- • arranged; TEETH. All consultations free. TEETHEach patient infowrgrorrireb;rectraci th, . TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mcsserat« char,zes. TEETH. An %leo Lady ,Attendattu, TEETH. P•+nless I?,xotfractitlietnronase hoithiedreto ' h TEETH. Maker to Dentists of , • weekly. Elmrs. o: the ? AI( (DENTIST By KA NI R. iIIADDIsON TTEN ST. HBL EN S ICOIO-li4l-ST MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a. m to W A R RI NOTON SANKEY-STK. WHONBSDA Y, 2 to 5. ruIIORN. ——3 l, BRI /"IURS.DA , 2 ti;, 1,401-ITii WICH.- —lB, APYLEM A FRI DA Y, 11 to 12. and I to b.
