===== 0002601_19030829_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide). From 1 LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d.

39, AND 41, DALE STREET.

12, LORD STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

- - WARRINGTON UNION.—PBWONS willing to CON- attic TRACT for the supply of any of the under-mentioned Lt2sterfrom Michaelmas to Lady Day next, except where Zkr for_ a year. to be delivered free of expense at the Union Workhouse, or at the Industrial School., at such times and in such quantities as the Board brbt• :le_R!'aians shall direct, are recoested to send in TBNDPIRi t the of.'Y sealed, endorsed, and free of expense, addressed o ItlltZk to the Guardians, before four o'clock p.m. on Y the Stii day of SBPTEMBBR NEXT., te,„„ oljewing are the articles for which TBNDBRS are (12 eiered 140,. ries and Provisions Cord and Twill 4 aad Mutt on Coal, Slack. and Gas Coke iik f •• Joints for Officers Shoes, Clogs and Slippers • " a yeor pin head meal Glazing Brushes te,,,• -110? bread for Schools Coffins Rnd Porter Best Oakum rope for picking bp.* knd Potatoes Leather stn'h:94slMtn3zeir any 0' the above may be seen on application to Of the Workhouse. ahe Cosl and SlaJk supplied 9to the satisfaction !of the House and Sehools Cons- The Pit and quality of coal must be named in the Vorms of tender and full particulars as to the pro- Lb, cifeantities of each article required may be obtained at itael.r," Office on or after Monday August 31st. rope,' `ender must be made upon the prescribed form and 'timer enclosed and endorsed with the name of the article ater•V for. Each article tendered for must be of sze orteite4._rat(lcl quality shown at the Workhouse. No tenders .e articles will be accepted Bach contractor must red (if required) to enter into security for the due of his contract. The Guardians do not bind -"toun't ''s to accept the lowest or any tender. All contract %ill be paid quarterly and not otherwise—By order, JAMBS CLOWBS SUTTON. test Clerk to the Guardians. 47 Chambers, Warrington, August 26th, 1903.

No 1272.

141DUCATION ACT, 1902, SPICCION 8. (3) - IL4 COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRTNGTON LOCAL

EDUCATION AUTHORITY.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN in accordanee with the provisions of Section 8 (1) and (3) of the Education Act, 19.2 that the Town Council of the Borough of Warrington being the Local Education Authority for the purposes of Part 111 of that Act, propose to accept a transfer to them under the proyisi -ms of the ifilementary Education Act 1870 of the St. eeorge's Mission Infants 'School situated in Brick-street, in the Borough of Warrington. The School will be available for the following area

An are comprising part of St. John's Ward an i part ol the Fairfield Ward.

J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk and Clerk to the Local Education Authority. Dated 28th day ot August 1903. ALLAN LINFl.—ro CANADA, UNITED STATES, RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA.

SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. PRETORIAN Quebec and Montreal Se CARTHAGINIAN...St. John's HaMax and Phil. Se MERTON HALL ...Bombay and Karachi WISTOW HALL Calcutta ill! BAVARIAN Quebec and Montreal Sep 1 OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £lO. Second Cabin. £7 10s.; Third Class £5 ICs. To India, £37 lOcand £27 10s.

For full partioubirs apply to ALLAN' 103,Leadentptil street, London, 8.C., and 19, James-street, Liverpool.

LIVERPOOL ANI) NORTH WALES.—REOULAR DAILY SAIL INGS (Sun lays included). By paddle. steamer " St. Tudno,” daily leaving Prince's Landing Stage (weather and circumstances permitting) at 1045 am, for Llandudno Beaumaris, Bangor and Menai Bridge re- turning at 3.3 t) p.m.. and from Llandudno, at 5.15 p.m. due back about 730 p.m. On and after ;September let Steamer returns from Menai Bridge at 3.10 p.m. and Llanduduo at 4.40 p.m. due in Liver nool 7 0 p m. St. Elvies Saturdays 29th at 100 a.m. and 3 0 p.m. for Llandudno also at 1.30 p.m. by P.S. Snowdon for Llandudno ?Lad Straits. Sunday 30th at 10.4,) a.m. St. Twin° for Llandudno and Menai Straits due back 7.30 p.m., 11.0 a.m. St. Elvies for same places due back 8 p.m.. 2.30 p.m. Snowdon. for all places with afternoon Excursion Bookings for Llandudto and back. Monday 31st Early Boat from North Wales St. Blvies little 10.15 a.m. returning at 2.30 p m., , Altered tailings on and after September Ist. For all further information apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company, Ltd., T G Brew. Secretary, 40, Chapel street, Liverpool. Through i Bookings Daily by Cheshire Lines and on Sundays by Express Train leaving Warrington at 9-45 p.m. Official Guide post free 3d. Week- ends Hotel and Boat inclastve from 21s.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lelet oi L Ira* lee

===== 0002601_19030829_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
.IIC4 into

oar ig

ro' Pr•o- [iggith

===== 0002601_19030829_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ii6_

~ ~ . . .. 4 .. ....., '......, '.>,; , ,•-: ..... l. 4 , i ... ''.::',. ,-:-. -..;0 _ .... ~. , ~. ~..,... '''—'"---,,. .;.. ~....„ s " ~. -.., ~. ~.. ~,, .1/4, . ~ ‘. :,,- , ~ , 4..,,,.. , . . . . _ „., 4- l. ) :IL •,.., ' r t., ~ ,„ •.,, .. ~,, - t,ltt, • ' '.4,, ~:"; 1H..',. , , elipp, Aii.• . t •1,-, • 0.1:r•• il - ''.'!, :'• t ~ ' ' t ': ' . it ~, ~ 41".wakrzo,„ Iff.4 .. tt.1.,, ;, :,,,,, ~ • 1,..„.;, je 4,. .., . ~...., .........:L. , „.. .".. (.... . . . . ,-. X 011(.,, MX ~.,,,',.1. L. t .. r

CNE PENNY..

SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.

GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY (IRELAND). TOUR IRELAND. 600 MILES 014' TRAVEL FOR Li. COMBINED TRAVEL AND HOTEL TICKETS. A WEEK FOR £2 7s. FOR LIST OF TOURS. TICKETS, AC., APPLY TO R. W. S. McALPINH, IMPERIAL CHAMBERP, 62, DALE STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BY 7 per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum is Posr }I 36 d per Qiarter credit a

===== 0002601_19030829_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEAR

THOUSANDS nF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S. FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

===== 0002601_19030829_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
BOON TO WOMANKIN D.

They'are' the best known Remedy for Asuemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90, 11 lid, 2s 9d, 4s 6d, and us, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address : 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL,

LONDON.:W.

evrlts.

XTEW CYCLE for Sale, listed LW 10s, what off ers.—A II SULEY. Pinchbeck, Spatdirst.

WILLS' El YGEIA SILT.

A DELICIOUS EFFERVESCING DRINK.

COOLING AND INVIGORATING.

SOLH AGENTS: 13OOTS, CASH CHEMISTS.

AL BRANCHES.

Q 1 IS. SIZE FOR 021). ' 61). SIZE FOR SD.

LOCAL ADD,IIiSSIIS :

Boors CASH CHEMISTS. 1264:BRIDGE STREET, ) WARRINGTON. 5, BRIDGE STREET, I TBLEPHONH No, 120.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSEPH WOODWARD ,

BUILDIM AND CONiRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

FUNERALS FURNISHED

UNDER PERSONAL SUPERvIBION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

OR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TsETH. ippolatments unneoessary but may be arranged_ TEETH Alloonsnltations free. TEETH. Each patient inforw ed.beforehand the co of work required.

TEETH. rrEETR.

TEETH.

TEETH.

Gold and other fillings at moderata charges. An M.D.. also Lady Attendants.

Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide.

Maker to Deuttele of 10,000 gallons weekly.

Beers. of the late

J. 11. PARKINSON

(Darner sT EXAM.)

MANCH ESTER ~........... _ 46, MOSLEY-STRE E T

(Telephone 1580).

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. RELENR GEORGE-STREET MONDAI, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6p..

WA RRINGTON SANKEY-STREET

WEDNESDAY', 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY,' 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH 14, APPL RMARKET-STR ER? FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAN. NBROICERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITEOHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof Parliam ant. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks, Pictures, &c., &0,, always on Sale.

. We are no offering some Special BARcIAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, !co., &i, We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES tiY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

_ . JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and 'donatings ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains.

A Carefnlly Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHRS, DRACHMS. ac. GOLD and SILVIIR WATCHES. DBMS and If NGAGIIMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets.

M'LAINWS

RICHMOND SfREET. LIVERPOOL.

'bare.

riIRAFALGAR COLLIERY COMPANY LIMITRD. Forest 1 of Dean, Gloucestershire.—Fifty Fullrpald Ordinary Shares; average dividends last three years about 30 per cent —JAMES. P. BATH & Solt, 29. Ranelagh street, Liverpool. Telephone 2613 Royal,

ftotelo, PpOrog, 15oartlin% 05tab5

CARNFORTH.—BOARDING HOUSE. Good comfortable beds ; piano. Terms easy.—Mrs. LORD, Priest Hutton Carniorth.

QOARBOROUGH.—GROVE'd BOARDING ROUSE, 13 Pavillon 1,/ square, Three minutes spa, etc. Terms 5s 6d to 6si day. Late dinner.

SCARBOItOUGH.—ST. A.17.131N'S BOARDING-ROUSH, New Queen street. Sea views. Central. Moderate oharges.—MAYIGEREBB.

COWBS.—PIER BOARDING HOLM. Close Steamer. week 30J. ; day ss. Good table; home comforts. ;Booklet tree bv post.—MßB. CAWS,

nUBLIN.—GARDINER PRIVATE HOTEL BOARDING If HOUSE, E 8 Gardiner's place.—Excellent rooms ; central ; moderate ; comfortable.

DOUGLAS.—GRAND HOTEL, Facing Sea, under new management, entirely renovated ; every comfort and convenience ; low tariff.—Proprietors, YATEs BROS. & CO.

DOUGLAS.-" GARSIDICS BROOKWOOD," Central Promenade. Absolutely finest position on sea front. Late dinners. Terms ss. 6d. to 6s. 6d. per day.—.Y. GARSIDE

ILFRACOMBIL—THB GRANVILLE. Ist Class Boarding Establishment. Magnificent situation and sea clews. Comfort and goo I cooking. Bijou guide gratis.—W. B. FOSTER, Proprietor.

T LANDUDNO.—West End BOARDING RSTABLISH- JU 11113 NT. Bright and homelike. Charmingly situated. Close to beach, pavilion and pier. Highly recommended. Moderate terms.—M E GUAGE.

TiOi7GLAS 10.11PIRR BOARDING HOUSE, Castle Will. Central Promenade; close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; tram passes door; terms ss. 6d. to 61. per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

DOUGLAS.—YORK BOARDING HOUSH. Castle-terrace, Central Promenade ; boating and bathing oppoaite door : trams pass from steamers ; tariff 6s. per day inclu- sive ; late dinner.—Mrs. CIIALMERS.

DORTRU3H (for Giant's Causeway).—Golf links, boating, fishing, bathing. Seaside, North Ireland. Dry, bracing atmosphere. Atlantic breeze, Rooms, service, meals, 355. to 425. a week inclusive. The White House Hotels, Central and Windsor, Portrush, co. Antrim. Write for Booklet"

UIDINBURGH.-1108 INdON'S Popular TRM PE RANO r. 4 HOTELS. 31. Lothian road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandwick Place, both near the famous Princess street. Each Hotel under go-ahead Rockdale management. —Address ROBINSON. to the Lothian Road Hotel. and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel. •

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO SO LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 7i, HUSTON SQUARE. HAKE COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABRRYST WITH. IHE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA

One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21 guineas per Week, or 9s per - day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hota at 6.N.1 o'clock. For TARLIFFS &C., apply to _ _ _

W. H. PAL!dlill. PROPHIRTOR.

EwBRIGHTON

INTENDING VISITORS TO ABOVE WOULD DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT

EBSTERS, CATERERS & REFRESHMENTS CONTRACTORS, 13 - AND 151 VICTORIA ROAD. (NEAR THR PIHR). WHERE TERM CAN BE ARRANGED TO SUIT ALL OLASSES•

BOHOOLS PARTISS, FACTORIRS (LARGE OR SMALL) lALLY CAThRHD FOR.

PRIVATH APAIUMBSTS,

WHITE AT ONCE FOR TERMS.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
1 I in' i : L.k4 I,', , ' rc,- . . 4 ',.i , il••-' . ; Pr ,ii. 1..1 '9 t !. . ' if fr , !' r...,t r .1, , . t 4, ! , i ,i il . ''t i, i 'V f: l't '.i ' 1 ',.'" ' l' 4 , illi 44 ..: V',

===== 0002601_19030829_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALLS Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR MARE SP ATSHTER Y .

===== 0002601_19030829_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY,

The holiday season is at its height at pre- sent, and all those who can possibly afford it are out of town revelling in the pleasures of seaside or country resorts. Serges and light woollen materials are in demand for travelling gowns, while they come in very usefully on the many dull and even cold afternoons which an English summer is never without. These toilettes are of the loose bolero and pleated skirt description for the most part, for this fashion has fulfilled the continued yore foretold for it by the chron-

Iciers of fashion, and is not only worn now but will continue to be seen on into early winter in, of course, heavier materials. Many of these costumes are trimmed with braid- ings of all kinds, which become more popu- lar each month, and are certainly much more beautiful than the heavy cloth braids and their jet and gimp fringes which were fashionable in our mothers' youth, and which they are supposed to closely imitate. I wonder with what astonishment our grand- mothers would view the fascinating varieties of silk, chenille, velvet, and tinsel cordings and braidings which are to-day to be pur- chased for the same or even lesser prices than were paid by them for coarse and inartistic work:

The simple toilet depicted has at the first glance nothing to distinguish it from other morning costumes, but it is in the details thereof that the experienced eye detects its ultra-smartness. The short skirt is of the latest cut and fits the figure closely to the knees where inserted pleats give it greater fulness: Here let me impress upon my readers that it is only a slight figure which can wear successfully a clinging frock which perforce reveals the true outlines of the figure. The slightness, however, must not approach too closely to thinness, as any .angularity of outline requires as skilful eon-

.77: .. • ‘:\ ' P., \ • 1 .. I 4 odid.,l. \ \ • , ‘, .:, A NEAT •TOILETTEJ

efl, A.. i.S. ^)?^.... ~..,,,.„.., I, ~.5 ~,,,ecf,,,,..., up, z.A.,:t,41, , kcloiviii* ~..-100, or( N. i(ih, il I. \i, 40415 4,11 L,,, ''.tl`

===== 0002601_19030829_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY 13LOUSE,

cealment as does the "too solid flesh" so often written about, and so serious a worry to the possessor thereof. To return, however, to the costume of our illustratiop ; the skirt, which is of thin navy blue material with a dressed surface, warranted not to spot or shrink, clears the ground all round, while the blouse which is of viyella is spotted with red, a mode mach in favour with the paris- iennes. Viyella is a truly admirable material for blouses, for it wears well and washes as long as there is any of it left to wash, while being partly woollen one can be sure of avoiding any chills when wearing it. A neat lace and muslin embroidered collar and a dull red silk cravat fastened by a buckle finishes the throat.

Blouses are more popular if possible than ever, and are of course a necessity for wear, with a pleated or loose bolero and skirt. The _ .

blouse illustrated is of pale green silk, with a yoke and collar of lace, which finishes at the lower edge in a series of vandykes or points: A double line of insertion runs round the loose pleated part of the bodice, and the sleeves, which are full at the wrists, are also finished by two rows of lace insertion. This blouse could also be expressed in tussore silk, which material continues to be well

• ( t*A ra° N ///

===== 0002601_19030829_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAVELLING HAT:

worn in the form of complete toilettes, blouses, or dust cloaks. Shantung silk also is very popular, and in navy blue makes the most delightful dresses, this being a material which lends itself readily •to kilt- ing or box-pleating. . Another valuable property of Shantung silk is that being light it can be packed easily without creas- ing, and emerges quite fresh-looking after a temporary seclusion in one's travelling trunk. For the bodices this silk is very often made into a Norfolk jacket, or into a modified and generally-glorified sailor blouse. , The popularity of the blouse itself, of whatever material it may be, is responsible for the many dainty neck arrangements worn this season, which range from the stock collar and tie to the dainty bow of lace tulle or chiffon. The lightest summer dresses are generally finished by a fluffy bow of some ethereal material tied either at the back of the neck or under the chin. In the former instance it hides a thin neck, while in the atter it softens the complexion, which it also Shows off to advantage. The smart hat depicted is of such a simple character as to render it well suited for wear when travelling by sea or land. It is made of white cloth twisted in shape and trimmed with a bird whose plumage is of the magpie order. The result is a piece of headgear which sits firmly on the head, without that tendency to blow away, which is often the most annoying.. feature of some of the smartest straw hats. It is also warm, yet light, and can be readily worn with a veil whose ends cross at the back, and are brought. round to the side, where they are tied in a coquettish knot. This is a mode much approved of by Americans when globe trotting. Hats generally continue very flat as to crown, and wide as to brim: There is, however, not much in the way of novelty tc Chronicle in the millinery worlds

CoQuErrz4

===== 0002601_19030829_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Royalty in the Highlands.—The King will be present at the Braemar gathering which will take place at Clunie near Inverca.uld, the middle of September. This is a fortnight later than usual, but the meeting has been postponed to suit the convenience of his Majesty who is not expected at Balmoral before September 12th. , There will then bea large gathering of the Royal Family in the Highlands. The Princev,of Wales who has been recruiting her health in Switzkland will rejoin the Prince and her family, and there will be the Duke and Duchess of Fife, and other near relatives of the Sovereign. The little Princes of Wales, and their sister, who are at Abergeldie Castle thoroughly enjoy ; their life in Scotland, and the two elder onesare already ; learning to handle the fishing rod. ; Royal Residences.—Abergeldie Castle, Which is near ; to Balmoral, was the Highland residence *of the King and Queen after their marriage. Birkhall was also purchased by Queen Victoria, but the King only stayed there once before his marriage, and Queen Alexandra has never'resided there. It is a comparatively small ; place, and at present occupied by Sir Dighton Probyn. The Queen whilst staying at Balmoral has taken many drives, sometitnes accompanied by the-children of the ;Prince and Princess of Wales, and her Majesty greatly ; appreciates the "quiet, refreshing life" on Deeside after la season which has been a very busy and tiring one for their Majesties the King and Queen. I Hatfield House.—Few places are so rich in historical associations as Hatfield, the home of the distinguished statesman whose loss in so universally mourned. It was there, when the place belonged to the Crown, that Elizabeth stayed in semi-imprisonment during the reign of Queen Mary. There is a tree in the park which is pointed out as the one under which Elizabeth was sitting when she heard of the death of her sister, and the hat which she threw off at the time, is one of the most treasured possessions at Hatfield House. It was in the succeeding reign of James I. that the property passed into the possession of the Salisbury family,when the present mansionwas built. In 1835 it waspartially burnt down, but the damage was restore d in exact imitation of the old style of building. _ . . .

Lord Salisbury's -dislike of -" snap-shotters."— Many distinguished people no longer trouble to avoid the' snapshotter." So many devices have been intro- duced into the camera, with the object of concealing its purpose, that it is often quite impossible to tell whether one is being " snapshotted " or not. Conse- quently most people who are the object of attention have given up as hopeless all efforts to avoid the " demon " with the camera. But the late Lord Salis- bury never ceased to be annoyed at being " snap- shotted," and he particularly disliked this when taking exercise on his tricycle. One occasion especially gave him grert annoyance when whilst staying at Contrex6- vine he was snapshotted in the act of wheeling the late Marchioness of Salisbury in a bath chair. A Parisian Romance.—The marriage of M. Pelletan, the French Minister of Marine has provided a romantic story which has greatly delighted the French people. In his impecunious days, when M. Pelletan, was a strugglingjournalist, he received frequent visits from a certain bailiff who however showed him how he could best get over his difficulties. In course of time a firna friendship sprang up between the two men, and in his position as a minister, M. Pelletan interested himself in the matter when the bailiff's sister,Mdlle Denise,who was a schoolmistress in the country wished to be trans- ferred to Paris. Mdlle Denise came,and is now Madame Pelletan, the wife of a man who may possibly one day become President of the French Republic.

Singular Occupations for Women.—The Parliamentary return as to the ages at which people marry, is not so curious as the one relating to the singular occupations in which some women are employed. One woman is returned as a coppersmith, another as a dock labourer, whilst there are some hundreds of women classed under the headings of lightsrmen, bargemen, seamen, boatmen, and pilots. There are women also who are returned as bricklayers, boilermakers, locksmiths plumbers, stablemen, and in fact the whole field or human energy would seem to have its women workers some of whom must follow their daily occupations amidst very singular surroundings. Railway Libraries.—Most people when travelling go armed with literary' matter for railway reading, but it has been suggested that the railway companies might very well provide libraries of magazines and booki in the trains. Most long-distance travelling is now done in corridor trains, in which it would be quite possible to keep a small library of light reading for the use of the passengers. It would not be good for the railway bookstalls, but it would to some extent save passengers the trouble and expense of providing their own litera- ture wherewith to pass the time. Seaside Dangers.—To many holiday makers, a pebbly beach presents an irresistable incentive to throw stones and when plcnicing parties use empty jars and bottles as "cock shies," the i result s very dangerous for children who play bare- footed by the sea. When it is all said, the danger is not so great, but not even sandals will protect the feet from half broken bottles or glass lying about on a loose peb- bly shore. At many seaside resorts men are specially en- gaged to remove refuse from the beach, but it is not al- ways possible to see broken glass, and it is to be feared that the notices posted pp warning people against leaving bottles about, are often disregarded by careless and malevolently disposed trippers. The Rainproof Coat.—The wet summer has been disastrous for many trades, but the makers of rainproo f coats and cloaks must have been, on the other hand, I exceptionally bury. These most necessary garments , have been in almost constant requisition, and one can I well believe that the demand for them has been unpre- cendented.Many now being offered in the shops are smart and inexpensive. The one most favoured by American ' women, and which is very popular, is the Guard's coat, I a somewhat military-looking garment, usually of blue cloth ornamented with big brass buttons. _

The Costliness of Furs:---All furs, we are told, will be very much more expensive this winter. For this, no doubt, the motor rage amongst fashionable people is partly responsible, but for a long time the supply of furs has not been equal to the demand with the result that the best kinds have now become absolutely pro- hibitive in price to anyone who is not a millionaire. Sables will be as fashionable as ever this winter, and almost any price may be given for the best Russian sable. Canadian sable is not so expensive, and this fur is largely used for the ties and neck stoles -which will be generally worn when the cold weather comes. Stoles are tp be very long :Ind very broad in the collar, this season.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
TOO MUCH OF A GOOD THING.

I A good illustration,of the evil of haying too much of I a good thing is provided by the experience of a Birming- . ham man, who recently wrote to the bile bean co. a splendid testimonial, havin,, been restored to health by bile beans. He is particulany.fond of pastry and sweet- meats, and during a recent holiday, staying at a board- ing-house at which some capital sweetmeats were put on the table every day, be indulged. ! too freely. The result was an attack of biliousness, and nausea, and a splitting headache. For several days he was very ill, and had it not been for bile beans, probably the whcla of his holiday would • have been spoiled. A similar case was that of Miss M. A. Smith, of East End, Bluntisham, Hunts, although not from the same cause. Her liver became so dis- ordered, that she could not take food without bilious- ness and sickness following. She is a cook by profession, and her illness at times • made her work almost impossible. As long as four days at a time Miss Smith went without food, because the biliousness made the consumption of food an impossibility to her. Many remedies were tried in vain, until she started with bile beans, and then she soon began to recover.. Bile beans at last cured her effectually and permanently. In the course of explaining these facts to a reporter of the "Hunts County News," Miss Smith said ft was over a year ago, at a time I was living at Nottingham, that Iwas advised to try bile beans. I confess I had little faith in them when -I commenced, as I had tried so Many medicines in Vain,but when I feund my appetite returning, my sleep more refreshing,and the retchinf, pains, and biliousness dying away, I could not deny that bile beans were doing more for me than any other medicinell had tried, so I went on with them. In a few weeks they put an end to my biliousness, once and for all. I've had no return of the complaint, and am in better health POW than I've been for years."

Thousands of people are. to-day suffering from liver complaint and biliousness, caused by an excess of sugar or of fat from their food. Bile beans are the surest means of relief in such cases, as the above instances go to show. All chemists now stock Chas. Forde's bile beans, but you are warned .against worthless and harm- ful substitutes.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ANIMALS AT THEIR TOILET.

Animals, says Mr. Henri Coupin, the well-known French naturalist, were certainly the first to use soap, sponges and tooth-brushes. "From time immemorial," he continues, " animals have cleansed themselves, using their tongues as brushes, their saliva as soap, their tails as towels and dusters, and their claws as combs. More- over, many of them take a cold bath whenever they have an opportunity ; indeed, the apes go so far as to boy- cott those among them who do not take proper care of their bodies. Another singular fact about the apes is that those among them who have handsome beards never plunge them 'recklessly into a river or pond, but deli- cately sprinkle bhem with water. Buffon had a chimpanzee who always rinsed his mouth after drinking, and I have heard of a female orang-outang who was an adept in the use of a toothpick." A fly, after it is decapitated, generally spends some seconds in brushing its neck and shoulders with its legs, but even the most zealous advo- cates of cleanliness will hardly claim that its object in doing so is that it may present a suitable post-mortem appearance.

Warrington P.S.A. Under the presidency of Mr. Stott, the weekly meeting of this society was held in ,the Co-operative Hall, Winwick-street, on Sunday. Mr. Roberts rendered the solos "Heavenly Rest" and "Sun of my soul;" being accompanied on the piano by Mr. Wadsworth. Mr. Pearce Williams gave an address on "Christianity and Politics."

===== 0002601_19030829_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
rsj:=-.-44"Ti ' , :pflifigianrirml I %A.:" AIWW/Aparm. ;‘1 Si: V 4 SI iTIX l s 4 II • ‘ "4. vpoi lik, / illik. II I *AW4 5S w \ \

THE

===== 0002601_19030829_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
...,.,..... ~ A .:.: ~ TI ~..:$„.: ~!...... .:. ~,.. G , .

CHAPTER XVlll.—Contmued.

"Lunch is waiting for you, sir," she said, "I hope you'll excuse the cooking, sin We have all been rather upset." With these words she left the room, and Walroyd started to go upstairs. Then he suddenly changed his mind, and, going into the dining-room, rang the bell for lunch. He was an eminently practical man, and he did not know what might be awaiting him in the Red Room. It was possible that he might not care for any lunch after he had seen it.

Afterwards he lit a cigar and went upstairs. Walroyd had lived many years in a part of the world where human life is held cheap, and it did not occur to. him that i_aiyould be more reverent not to smoke in the presence of the dead.

The room was in semi darkness as he entered it. The red blinds were pulled down, and the lurid light that Came through them only served to intensify the general gloomi- ness of the apartment. Walroyd could see something lying on the bed, covered with a sheet. He walked over to the windows and drew up the blinds. The sunlight streamed into the room.

Then he went back to the bed and drew down the sheet from the face. The eyes had been closed, but even through the white lids he seemed to see the expression of horror which would have been in keeping with the rest of the dead man's countenance. Walrovd touched the forehead. It was quite cold. Then he carefully examined the head and shoulders. There were five faint blue marks on the white throat, and a small piece of flesh had been torn away. He covered up the face again, drew down • the blinds, and went downstairs. Martin was waiting for him in the porch. He went , into his study, examined the revolver in his pocket—he never went out in those days o 4 terror without this serviceable weapon—took half a dozen more cartridges from a box, and • joined the groom outside. The latter carried a double barrelled gun. The two men crossed the lawn, and passed through a -small wicket gate into the woods. The sunlight filtered through the green arch of leaves overhead, and it was perfectly light. They could see clearly in every direction through the thin stems of the oaks. At first Walroyd looked carefully on the ground and among the undergrowth for some signs of anyone having passed through the wood. Then he remembered that half a dozen men had already been before him, and that any clue of this sort would be utterly useless. So he confined his attention to the distant view through the trees, in ithe hope that something might move across his line of vision. He made Martin walk in front. He was not quite sure of his groom's familiarity with a gun, and he did not want a charge of No. 5 shot in his back.

The wood' appeared to be entirely deserted and they saw nothing but a few rabbits and squirrels. At last; however, they came to the rope web which Tredegar had seen on the night he had followed Walroyd to the rocks. It had evidently been discovered by OP people who had already searched the wood, for all the ropes had been cut, and it lay in a tangled heap on the. ground. Walroyd picked it up and examined it carefully, but he could make nothing of it, and it did not appear to him to have any connection with the man they were in search of. Indeed in its present state it would hardly have con- veyed anything to Tredegar's own mind, if he had not seen it before, for the knotted ,mass of ropes , scarcely bore any resemblance td' a spider's' web. Then they came to the foot of the mound, and Walroyd stopped..

"Do you think he's down that old shaft, sir," the groom whispered. "It would be a tidy hiding place." I should doubt it, Martin," Walroyd answered. "The shaft would be a •hard place to get in and out of. But I will go up and have a look at it. You sit down here and ke4 careful watch." For reasons of his own . John 4Walroy-,d did not want his groom to inspect the shaft too carefully. He climbed up the dreary looking mound of grey rock and shale, and carefully examined the railings round the edge of the shaft. He noticed that in one place the wooden bars had been broken. He looked at the edges of one of the pieces. The fracture was recent, and the wood was still bright and yellow. Then he stepped over the frail barrier and inspected the mouth of the shaft.

A yard from the edge there was a small pile of stones. They were arranged so as to appear a natural heap of debris. He lifted one or two of them, and the end of a steel bar appeared. It was driven deep into the ground. ffe showed no surprise, for the very good reason that he had placed it there him- self. A few yards away a long coil of i-ope lay concealed under a large boulder. He would have liked to have had a look at that as well, and see if it had been discovered or disturbed, but it was impossible with Martin keeping watch below. The top of the mound was partly hidden from the groom's sight, and he could examine the bar without fear of detec- tion. It showed signs of recent use. The steel was still bright and polished. Then he fell down on his knees and peered into the dark pit beneath him. The rugged sides, shored up here and there with balks of timber, and glistening with moisture that had oozed out of the earth, disappeared into absolute blackness. He listened attentively for any sound that might possibly come out from its depths, but the silence 'was only broken by the drip, drip of the water that trickled down its sides. Then he noticed' that the share on one side of the shaft had been furrowed and disturbed, and that several of the pieces of slate were marked with light grey lines as though they had 13-.2en recently scratched with a knife. He took up one or two, and examining, them, threw them impatiently down the shaft. They gave him no clue. ,It was even possible that one of the search ,party had been to the fxlge, and left the marks of his boot on the soft slate.

name."

He descended the slopes and rejoined thti groom. The lqtter had neither seen or heard anything during his master's absence. Then they continued their search through the wood.

Before they., had gone' a hundred yards, however, Martin, whO was ~walking in front. stopped and picked up something from the ground. It was a piece of thin • gold chaip., about nine inches in length. One of the links was broken.

Walroyd took it from his servant's band and scrutinised it closely. It was of curious workmanship, every link being of a different design. It seemed to him that he had seen it before, or that he had at any rate come across one of a similar pattern. But he racked his brain in vain to remember to whom it had belonged.-- Then the idea struck him that it had probably belonged to Mayanwy Morgan, and had bean torn off in her struggles. But he could not recollect for certain that he had ever seen it on her wrist. He put it in his pocket. The two men searched the wood till sunset, and then returned to Plas Tredegar. There Walroyd learnt from the butler that no trace had been found of the missing girl, nor .had they come across any signs of the murderer of Mr. Morgan.

After dinner Walroyd lit a cigar, and strolled ddwn the drive. He had decided to go to the Cantrips' house and ask Cynthia about the bracelet. If it had belonged to Mavanwy, she would probably recognise it. Women have a keen eye for trinkets. When he got to the foot of the hill he heard the distant throb of a motor • along. the Liam

BY HARRIS BURLAND. AUTHOR OF 'DACOBRg:ETC.

fthangel road, and saw a broad white fan of light sweeping swiftly through the darkness towards Garth. Before he reached the fir-St house in the vilrage, the machine came whizzing down the slope of the hill behind him. He stepped oil the road on to the shingle: He had no great confidence in the accuracy 'of motor-drivers in the dark. And Garth was as black as a country lane. Hardly a light shone down all the long street. Most of the inhabitants went to bed at nine o'clock.

But when the motor' was fifty yards away from him, the throbbing suddenly slowed down, arid died away in a dull rattle. The car ran up level with him and stopped. A man's voice was uplifted in a string of oaths. .The whole motor industry was cursed in carefully selected language. The maker of that particular. car was consigned, together with all his relat:ons, to a place that was even hotter than the bearings of the engines. Walroyd smiled. He disliked motors, and an accident was pure pleasure to his soul. He stepped forward into the light of the Bleriot lamps. He was pretty sure that he could not be of the slightest use in tinkering with the machinery, and was in no danger of being asked to do so. The two occupants unhooked the side lamps and directed their rays into a smoking mass of machinery. "We must let her cool, sir," said the mecaincien. Then he tried to start the engines, but unsuccessfully. Walroyd walked up to them. The smoke and smell of frizzling oil made an inferno of the autumn night. "Can I help you ? " he said. "No, I thank you," said one of the men, with a strong American accent. "We've just got to let her cool down—well you might help us to move her to the nearest hotel. We stay here the night, I guess: Dawkins, you've got to overhaul all that machinery before you go to bed."

- Then the stranger looked up. He was in darkness, but the light of the lamp he held was full in Walroyd's face. He started, and slowly scrutinized the latter's features. Then he turned to the mecanicien. "Go right away, Dawkins," he said, "and get some of those fisherfolk to come and shove the car along, and just call at the hotel and say they can expect company, and an unholy smell in their yard for a bit."

The man left. Then the stranger came close _up to Walroyd.

"*WI, Peterson," he said. "Who would have thought of seeing you here ? How's the old 1-iop ? " Walroyd quickly placed his hand in his powet and touched the butt of his revolver. Then he smiled politely.

CHAPTER XIX. THE GATHERING OF THE STORM.

"I am afraid, sir," Walroyd said, "that you have made a mistake. My name is not Peterson. I cannot See your face, but I do not think I have the pleasure of your ac- quaintance." The stranger for reply turned the light on his own face. He was a small red haired man with a short squarely trimmed beard. He had no moustache or whiskers, and the thin firm line of his mouth would have given an air of puritan austerity to his features, if it had not been belied by the humourous twinkle in his eyes. He wore a black leather coat and cap. Walroyd looked at him as though trying. hard to recollect who it might be. As a matter of fact he recognised him at the first glance. •

Wal," said the man, "I guess . you've seen enough. I'm ,sorry you have such a.bad memory, Peterson. It's only eight years sinCe we met, and I ain't altered one bit. .Neither have you, for that matter. I'm doing real well, just now, and you don't look very low down yourself." • "I am most interested in your conversa- tion," . Walroyd answered in an insulting voice. "I have not the pleasure of your acquaintance, but shall be most happy to hear all about you."

" I'm in motor cars now," said the little man, taking no notice of Walroyd's insolence, "and they are the thing, I can tell you, Peterson. I just travel about the, country in this and get orders. It's a Soft job, you bet. Let me sell you one. •Buzz and Rattle, of Chicago! The first 'line in the business! They are bang up machines." "So I should say," Walroyd answered drily. "Are they very heavy to push along the roads ? "

"Bah, that's nothing. Just a little over- heated, Peterson, that's all. Might happen to any car. We've come two hundred miles to-day, Peterson." "I have no objection to the name of Peter- son," said Walroyd ; " but I think I prefer my own name better. It is Walioyd, if you care to know. Might I enquire your's ? " " Dennis 13. Riley," the little man replied with a grin. "I have had no reason to change it." "Of course not. It Is a most excellent

" It is a pity we can't change our faces, eh, Peterson," said Riley ; •" that is to say, if we want to. It would be most convenient." Walroyd could have strangled him where he stood, but he restrained himself. •

-" I am satisfied with mine," he replied sarcastically.

"Quite right," said Riley, once more throwing the light of the lantern on the other's face. "But I always thought 'that little mole on the left cheek, and that small scar under the right ear-"

"I have had enough of your impertincnce, sir," broke ii Walroyd, fairly . losing his temper, "and I must leave you. If you are stayinr, in the place, you will soon find out who I am, and you'll probably find yourself in jail, if you go about insulting people in my pf)ition. I wish you good-night." With. these words he turned on his heel and strode down the village.

•- Wal," said Riley, looking after his re- treating form. "What's •Bill Peterson up to anyway. No good, I reckon. I must ask about this Mr. Walroyd. Ha! ha! He's a peach, he is." _ _ Walroyd went down the street with hell, in . _ . .

his 'heart. He had fairly controlled himself, till the little red haired man had begun to enumerate the various marks on his face, which, would always be indelible clues to his identity. He cursed fate which had brought him into the light of the, lamp, before he had seen the other's face. If only it had been the other way about, he could have slipped away into the darkness, and kept out of sight till the little .fool- had left the village. He uished now that he had told Cynthia. his true name,

and invented some plauible reason for chang- ing it. She could scarcely blame him for Hcatherbutt' having been lost at sea. He

could even have brought forward conclusive

evidence of his death and have set her mind at rest on that point. She would probably 4 . have been grateful to him, but on the other • hand; it was hardly likely that a friend and &iinpanion of her husband would find much

• favour in her eyes. At any rate it was impossible. to tell her now. His previous ! concealment would excite suspicions in her ' mind, and she would suspect the woist.. Thd • tfuth must be kept from her at any ccst. Riley. must be silenced. He must be bought, if possible, but at any rate silenced, . • His mind was a wild tumult ..of schemes and fears. It was diflicfilt to know what course to pursue. But before he reached the Cantrips' houge, he resolved to see Riley again that night, and • come to some arrange- ment with him before the fool blurted out anything. He guessed that Riley would not wittingly let out so valuable . a secret'. The hale red-haired man was full of business.

-aitsap r 1 ptre tun' uaamlaq pirels 2unnort ;al °to% went SVM priolrem utiof -41.12nul a.keti pinom aq •113m-lou p puu sum puaiq• opts qatqm pinom Aailu it -ssaiarqun sem pp; aotto p lnq Aauoul in.tom • sem p '49.139S ata •spunsui if he was strong enough or clever enough to move it from his path. In his own mind h guaranteed the silence of Mr. Riley.

He came to the door of the Cantrips' lodg ings, and walked past it. A light was burn inz in the window of their sitting-room. HI looked at his watch. It was nearly ter o'clock. Fifty yards further on he stopped and hesitated whether to turn back. or go or to the " Tredegar Arms"—the hotel, a: Riley had called it. Personally, he was no' much interested in the death of Mr. Morgar or the disappearance of his daughter. Self preservation is the first instinct of ever' animal, and he knew that he had to fight har to preserve his good name. He decided tr see Riley at once, and put the whole mattei on a definite basis. He would not give the man a chance of blurting out the truth, undei the influence .of -drink. He would meet hin openly, and he flattered himself that he was a match for most men, whether the battle was waged by subtlety or force. He walked back to the antrips' house, . and looked longingly at the window. Then he walked swiftly down the road, and passing the " Tredegar Arms," reached ad,spot where the houses on the sea side of the street came to an end.

Then he lit another cigar, and looked out across the sea, trying to arrange his future plan of action. He saw nothing of the beauty of the night, the steely surface of the sea crossed with a long bar of moonlight, the faint stars in the dark blue vault overhead, the long sweep of black cliffs, the white fringe on the water's edge, the great solitude where the noblest part of man can stand face to face with the eternal—none of these things he saw; if he had seen them they would have had no meaning for him. He only looked into the seething fires of his own soul, and the very heavens seemed lurid with the flames.

He waited for ten minutes, but there was no sign of Riley's motor coming down the road. In the far distance, at the end of the street, Walroyd could see the white light of the lamps, but they seemed to be motionless. He stamped his foot impatiently, and then decided to go into the Cantrips' house for a few minutes. He was longing to see Cynthia. It seemed to him that probably he would not be able to have a quiet • conversation with Riley for at least an hour. The man would want some food, and people are always more amenable after they have fed. Riley, too, was a man who rarely went to bed before two o'clock in the morning, and there would be ample time that night to say all that was necessary. Yes, he would certainly see Cynthia. The mere desire to look upon her was stronger than any wish to find out the truth about the bracelet. It was possible— and he ground his teeth as he thought of it-- that the dark cloud which was gathering on his horizon might one day shut her out alto- gether from his sight. He knocked at the door, and was admitted by the landlady's daughter. He found Cyn- thia and her father in the sitting-room. The former was engaged in the homely occupation of mending some socks, and the latter was reading the Cambrian News, which contained a full and glaring account of Mr. Morgan's death.

Cynthia was annoyed at the interruption, but she concealed her feelings as best she could. Her father chuckled, and after a few minutes general conversation, yawned some- what ostentatiously, and rose from his scat. "I'll give you young folks half an hour," he said, with a grin; "and then, Mr. Wal- royd, you must go. - Good-night I" And, leaving the room, he went up to bed. _ . _

Cynthia's face flushed with ann-oyance, and she sighed wearily, as though she, too was longing to retire to her couch. Walroyd noticed her manner, and resolved to leave in ten minutes' time.

"You must excuse this, late visit, Cynthia," he said; "but I have come- on a matter of some importance." She smiled, "I. am, of course, glad to see you," she replied; "but I am naturally much upset at what has happened to-day. I am afraid' I shall not be very entertaining." "I and my groom have been searching the Tredegar woods all day," he continued, "in the. hope of finding out something about Miss. Morgan. We found this. Po you know if it belonged to her 2" He took the bracelet out of his pocket and laid it on the table. Cynthia looked at it for a moment or two as if she had seen a ghost. Then she took it in her hand and examined it. Then suddenly her face went white as a sheet, and she rose to her.feet with a cry of horror. • "Where did you find it? " she said, hoarsely. "This is some trick—some devilry. It is-- Oh, my God ! tell me the truth ! ' "You recognise it ? " Walroyd replied. " I thought you might have seen it on her wrist. We found it, as I have just told you, in the 'Tredegar woods, lam afraid, though, that it will not be much of a clue."

She passed one hand across her brow, as though trying to think, and held on to the table with the other. She looked as though she were going to fall, and Walroyd stepped forward and caught her in his arms. "My darling," he said, tenderly, "don't be upset about it. Probably Mayanwy" She broke from his embrace, and faced him with horror in her eyes,

" Mavanwy ! " she cried. "This never belonged to Mavanw.y Morgan !. . I gave this bracelet to my husband a month after we were married ! He swore to wear it always for my sake " It was now Walroyd's turn to grow pale. In a flash he had remembered where he had seen it before. Heatherbutt, in spite of all his heartless conduct towards his wife, had worn it round his wrist. How had it come here, in a Welsh village, from the body of a dead man ? To Cynthia it • was merely A relic of the past,. but to Walroyd it rose up like some spectre from a sea of blood, and he could almost fancy that it was crimson in the lamplight. The man's nerves, however, were of iron, and his capacity for lying was boundless.

" I don't think, Cynthia," he said, after a pause, "that you need be .horrified at the strange appearance of this thing. You say your husband deserted you.? It is hardly likely that such a man would cherish any memento you may have given him. He probably sold it, and it has .in some wav passed into, the possession of Mavanwy, or perhaps of someone else, in the district. Besides, it Is quite possible that the pattern is not unique." His words had a strange effect on the agitated woman. In a moment her fear and horror vanished, and gave way to a flood of 'passionate. wrath. Her eyes blazed, and her cheek flushed. She had no thought of. pity for Mavanwy. She only saw one thing clearly. Tredegar had taken this bracelet from the wrist of her dead husband, and had given it to the girl he loved. Walroyd shrank from the awful look in her face. He did not know that all her wrath was for another man.

"I am sorry if I have offend you," he said, taking up his hat and stick.

"No, no-!'r she cried. "You do not under- stand. Why should Ibe offended with you ? But please leave me, I ..ain_not. mYself to- night." He strode up to her, and caught her in his • arms.

• "Good-night !" he said, kissing her pas- sionately. " Good-night I And, Cynthia, •if anything comes to Separate us, remember that, whatever my faults, I have loved you I "

He loosed her, and rushed out of the hous like a madman. Horror was accumulating upon horror, and some strange mystery .was arising from the past to overwhelm him. One thing, at any rate, he could .do that night. He could square matters with Dennis Riley. He walked quickly to the " Tredegar Arms"- and knocked at the door.

He was shown into the small parlOu- at the back of the taproom. , A fire blazed cheer- fully in the grate, and the remains of supper were still on the table. Riley was seated in a plain wooden,, armchair, with a large .cigar in his mouth. A glass of whisky-and-water was on another chair by his side. • He was

apparently wrapped In thought, for he started as Walroyd entered, and, turning round, blinked his eyes as though he could hardly believe what he saw. Then he rose to his feet with a smile.

• "Good-evening, Mr. Walroyd," he said, with a slight accent on the name. Walroyd closed the door. His face was not pleasant to look upon, and Riley wondered if there was a poker in the fireplace, in case it might be wanted. •

"Good-evening, Riley," he ri lied. " I want a word with you."

"Sit down right here and talk,' R ey answered, pointing to a char, " And it a Jrink will help you any-"

"Yes, I will have a drink," Walroyd answered, seating himself in the chair. - Riley poured out a stiff whisky-and-soda, and handed it to him.

"Sorry they haven't got rye," he said, settling himself down before the tire. Walroyd took a long pull from the glass, and, taking a cigar from his case, • leisurely cut off the end.

" I must apologise for my rudeness this evening," Walroyd said, after an awkward pause. "But anyone might have been lis- tening. I was, of course, only bluffing. I knew you as well as you knew me, Riley." The little man laughed. "What's the game, Pet-" "%Drop the name, Riley," Walroyd broke in sharply. "The game is that you have got to keep , your mouth shut. I have no doubt you have asked the people here all about me. Possibly you may see that would not be very pleasant for me if they learnt that I was living under an assumed name, and that I had been a pawnbroker.'' "I should say not. But why call yourself Walroyd ?" " That is my own business. I have a very good reason for not calling myself Peterson. But that does not concern you. All you've got to do is to keep your mouth shut." "That is easy enough," Riley said, thought- fully gazing at the smoke of his cigar. Mark you, Riley," Walroyd continued, "1 don't care a cent for people's opinions. I am rich, and eyen if it were known that I had been a pawnbroker, and that I had changed my name, I should get all the respect and flattery I wanted. But I am engageci to be married, and if the woman I love were to know of this, I should lose her."

"I see. So you are going to settle • down, Pet—Walroyd ?-" "I have been settling down," Walroyd replied. "lam a very wealthy man. I can afford a wife."

Riley laughed. "I don't want to spoil sport," he said. "But I shall make no promises." " What is your price ?" Walroyd asked, curtly. _ _

"t don't blackmail," Riley answered ; "I earn my money. I should like you to buy a motor-car."

"Put' me down for three," said Walroyd. " I shall want them if I once start driving."

"You're the man I like to meet. I hear you have a fine house. I should like to stay with you a few days. I can teach you to drive the car. It's as easy as talking." " I shall be most pleased," Walroyd replied, in a rather dubious voice. "Come upt to-morrow in time for lunch. You can take me for a ride in the afternoon. And you swear you will keep your mouth shut ?" " I won't swear a thing," Riley said, pleasantly. "I am not making a price for my silence. I don't blackmail. So long as we are good friends—wal, one will do things to oblige a friend." "Very good, Riley," said Walroyd, rising to his feet. "And you come up to-morrow. I shall expect you to lunch. Good-night !" Riley got up from his chair, and saw his 1-..sitor out of the house, shaking hands cordially with him before he left. Then he returned to the fireside, and the geniality died out of his face, and a look of cunning came into his little eyes. He foresaw many pleasant things in the future. Walroyd walked quickly along the dark street, and up the hill to the Plas Tredegar. He kept his right hand in his pocket on ti butt of his revolver, for he knew that might have to be quick with it to save his life. But his thoughts were far away from .the terror that overhung the whole neighbour- hood. , His mind was fixed on the shadow that Was rising to darken his life, and a hun- dred fears spun round in his brain. Yet uppermost was a single thought. Dennis Riley must be silenced—at any cost

CHAPTER XX. I'HE SILENCE OF DENNIS RILEY.

THE next morning Riley appeared at the Plas Tredegar in time for lunch, and the tnecanicten took the motor . round to . the stables to overhaul it for the afternoon's run. Riley was proud of his machine, and wished it to look its best and run its smoothest when he was Showing off its paces' before Walroyd.

During lunch the two men talked over old times, and Walroyd told, on an average, about one lie in every minute. His long and cleverly-constructed story of successful speculation made his guest's mouth water, and Riley began _to regard him with rever- ence as one who had conic out "right on top." When they had finished their meal, theV sat for a few minutes at the table and smoked their cigarettes, 'till the footman came in and said that the 'motor N'as at the door,

Walroyd put on a thick overcoat, and stood on the doorstep. regarding the machine somewhat doubt fully. It throbbed and shook as though it xyere going to fall to pieces. To an unpractised eye it did not appear a desirable- conveyance. He took his seat by Riley. They decided to leave the mecanicien at home. It was possible they plight like to talk about things which it was not desir- able for a third party to hear. Riley •pulled over one of the• levers, and the throbbing died away as the ear glided down the drive.

" How far can we go without stopping ?" Walrovd asked. •

" Filled her tank up yesterday," Riley answered, "at Llanflhangel. She'll run near two hundred miles. Take you up to London if you like." .

" I shall be satisfied if we get home all right," Walroyd said, drily. But before they had gone three miles, his views on motors were considerably modified. Like most people who have a Jooted objection to this form of locomotion he.. had never been in one in his life. He had alwayil regarded them from the point of view of a man who has to get out of their way; and quiet his restive horses as they pass. To him they repre- sented- a certain amount of smell and dust, and a large amount of danger to all other traffic. But' now as they swept along the smooth road, with less vibration than might be felt in a railway train, he saw that there was another side to .the question.. The sense of speed and power appealed to him. He was a man who liked to do things quickly, and to carry them through with a strong hand. This motor was the mechanical embodiment of his own nature. Woe betide anything that stood in its path. Yet he did not realise that in one essential thing it had the aUvantage of him.. Its brakes. were powerful enough to stop it in its headlong career. Before they had gone ten miles, he had become an enthusiast. Riley; who was a first class driver, and knew his machine from • the :smallest nut to the largest piece of the ' framework, gloried in exhibiting' every phase of its powers. Now he would send it spin- ning along the level road at its top speed, now he would run it up an incline of one in seven at twelve miles an hour ; now he would take it down a low, slope, , till the ,air sang past them, and Warroyd felt as though he would be blown off his seat: Now he would bring it to a dead stop, or turn • it round in the • centre of the road, or take a sharp corner with an inch to spare. He displayed every trick and gambol that.. was in it, and he showed the perfect control he had of its enormous powers, till to Walroyd it seemed almost like a living thing of intelligence • and fi judgment. He explained the. use of the levers and the steering gear and then allowed Walroyd to take his place and steer at the lowest speed along a straight open piece of road. Then he

let him go on the second and third speeds, keeping one hand in .readiness to come to his rescue. But Walroyd's nerve did not fail him. and after five minutes he 'guided the machine with as much composure and confidence as though he had driven one for years. (L; be continued.)

===== 0002601_19030829_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure, Nutritious, and easily digested. Eggs often disagree ; BIRD'S CUSTARD never.

BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one Ming needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhenices their flavor and imparts to them a grateful mellowness.

NO ECCS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

===== 0002601_19030829_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19030829_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030829_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ISEURYi

Universal regret has been expressed at the death of the Marquis of Salisbury. whose ill- ness had been followed with keen anxiety thro • ,ughout the Empire. At 9.15 on Saturday —ll%nt. his lordship passed away peacefully in Is bedchamber at Hatfield, surrounded by all hiS Children save Lord Edward Cecil, who was obliged to return to his military duties in Egypt. The third Marquess of Salisbury, thrice Prime Minister of Queen Victoria, was descended in direct line from that other Cecil who was the most famous of the Ministers of

SALISBUR

Queen Elizabeth. His descent from Lord Burleigh is traced through Robert Cecil, the great Minister's second son, whose career -was hardly less distinguished than that of his father. It was Robert Cecil who received from King James the family titles of Cranborne and Salisbury, and who acquired from the same Sovereign the great house t Hatfield, which he subsequently re- built i its present form, A succession of Earls 01 Salisbury followed through the seven- teenth and eighteenth centuries, playing parts

LORU SALRGBURY'S LIFE AND WORKi

:1 4 11111 1 dultil 111111 111, 1 fur wt. 111 111111

of varying importance in the history .of their country. The seventh earl was in 1789 raised to the dignity of a marquess. The second marquess was a member of one of Lord Derby's Cabinet. His eldest son died unmarried at the age of 44, and the fami!y titles thus passed to the second son, Lord Robert Cecil. Born at Hatfield in 1830, Lord Robert Cecil passed through Eton on to Christchurch: ?Neither at school nor at college was he spe- cially distinguished, hut he seems to have taken an active part in the debates of the Oxford Union Society, and thus prepared himself for a political career; perhaps more effectively than by a profOund study of classics. After leaving Oxford he travelled for a considerable time to complete his education, getting as far as New Zealand. Almost imme- diately after his return to England he became a candidate., in the Conservative interest, for, the vacant seat of Stamford, the home of the elder branch of the Cecil family. He was returned without opposition, and in the ensu- ing session of 1854 took his seat in the House of Commons. In 1866 the actual, though not yet the nominal, leadership of the Liberal party passed, by the death of Lord Palmerston, to Mr. Gladstone, and the question of Parlia- mentary reform was brought forward with a new energy. The bill introduced by Mr. Gladstone dealt,, however, only with the fran- chise, and the Conservatives insisted that such a measure would increase existing anomalies. In the course of the debates much was said' about the working-class voter and his future power. On this text Lord Cranborne delivered' a brilliant speech in a debate. that lasted eight nights, and so shook the position of the Government that a few weeks later they were detained in Committee on the Bill and, a,clause ot small importance. The consequent resigna- tion of the Liberal Ministry involved the return, of Lord Derby to power. Among the politi- cians whom he invited to join his Cabinet' was Viscount Cranborne, who, was offered, and accepted, the important office of Secretary of State for India. Thus, at the early, age of, 36, and without previous, official. experience, Viscount Cranborne stepped into the Cabinet. But he did not fill this capacity long: Discon- tented with the provisions of the Reform Bill concocted by the new Conservative Government Lord Carnarvon, Lord Cranborne and. General Peel resigned. In the spring of 1868 Lord Cran- borne was the strongest opponent of Mr. Gladstone, who moved for disestablishment and disendowment of the Irish Church. On,

. 1/4V4..\•\\,,\W; , _ ..,.. .4..- i • k •• ' ", ifte--- . /., ;!, ' I ' • .•• 'l.ll/ , • . /%6 : • "I i ........fr , , • i i, ; .. • t .;,,,i,,,'-' '. 111 (fi'-',.. V rs . _ ...< ... 0„ ,r: 't"?l,/ , I. ` ,i,.1,-„,•' • • 1 vh/1 ' //4f ,\0 ~,,.,..--,#),,, 1 . i . •••-• i „„ .i. , ~,„. „,/, ..„0, ,• j ~. ~ .. 0-, . . ' ii( ~ i 1 'Se --------" THE LATE MARCHIONESS OF 'ZY

----- nv, . .----7—__ m ,' . .... _7T-77_ I= ' \ :::—.F. 7:- I .1...N,\ 4( \ . I. :•:. ": --:' .."4: 1 1:: - . • • . . $ .I. I - •,,. ~\ _____ _.4.N. -1 .0 :. -•: . . . .0, - .............. )W, ---• - --:-:13111 cl .., ' ------ - - :: .. -7 . ': ff"'i 1 - v#, ,„1, ^C#4:O4/ • -• • . MO I 117R1 lill L --- _ 1.1 •., uft, , , -, 15 "; PCV4i' 4`. .1 t •,- • 11 El b ' - - _- ,:-liii--.3 • ~,. . 1 1 0, , • .... . . wirrair ..- Hp ~.... , A 1 , ~2.4, v .',- g,..1W-,, , AA_ . ptiostio . '• 111-Il JP I ~...L1- ''');*: ,--.).1 ...7 7(`,•;4 - • t ' : ~.• & ~-,. -.• dd- ~... inhitiCykil \ldt\F",... 11- _.. 1 , dmolsommee _.—'o ":4, \ 111'''''•••••infrjf,--11 " - l'"I .11 11,111 ••••••••.17 ~.:;"'illlllll 111 _-_,----, 111 --- --C---'--- , 'ill ill( 110 11 I 15."7 V .S. 14$4141Iiillifill,,1,11161fiffilfirrlift1715. 11... i ..,1114"0,111111101 k (11110?" i4r ........4011441 1 -. ' /I" ' - k • •••...,......0-.....c..-- ~,, -- -.4 it', 11L111 II; illillitillilitlii 1 I.litii. ~„."•• /iotti .F,,.u.- , ....0 . , t , •li, will:11.111;11:11:17.14 li.illiTiiitim4:::"*-77"it . it 11111 , fili nos' KIP 1.111.

- .....„. ..,,,.,--N ,„,,,,!„.............__ 4 -„,.\‘‘.„,\ „.......... - .. ~ , --,-..,4 \, , . ~,,.., N.rl-::'7--- --,;-- „,\ltt:'l. - Z''''''-' :.';.- , \\K-4 '' \ / IP ....." . "'"•,. rw -I '' , ', . s . :..t.r. ) / i_t), I .1 1 I'-'1'-' ',.;‘) 1 '4.W:i-;:..k.. •Ik \• / • 7 ..• ' ..AA, :44'.:-'!-If*.;.'l'r* .• \ .c.. A-t (6,41'1P1ifi.r"....• A: ti:i '\\ ,' ilk% \; \\. di 'l'%-_•s' \ // 7 ',''' / / \‘• . t• % 4 .t y /• / . e'lehL \, . 0 ,', „O , ~ 1 fre ~....... . . • „ . - - - "...,•-_..:,--: ; , ee .. /e/I, ' 1/1:1111Ing Of / i ---- I:+, d,' ip: , '4,0(4 -.- ...j."././_.* , .. __ 1 ,/,• of _......;„---_____-___•,,-._>.,!.._---____,-- .;:, .:- ---s-,i,- - • i ~,,,,,,-,,,,,..4-41.::,,,,z, . , -, _ /,,pc.0,4,-,;;.4,-.c-c, .. . ".-..- ,- --,:: t /44:11:;;I:,: oe. , ' ...' , ../..- ,••• - --•-• -.................„. .......„..4, /..."/ , // ' 17. .1 ".?"'. ), : • w3re.,,,4,4 .--.4* ,/„-,,,-_,-___----;----;,.-,-_-,-_-:-.---_____--...‹,,, , / , e ~,. .. ~,,,r,,,,,.1,0.,.....,,wz..., ,6 ..of,',/trei.-....i,..-fsy-;;/.-,:f.;.-t,,..0.-,:,7/,4-..--------...-----:_:,---:,----,-,r-----„--;;,-; -,,,- ~,t4,,:-:*--..it,-.--,--,--.7, . . , -.--_,...:---›,--.-:-:::?,:e*„.i....;:,,i, i _.-- Rizir.;*:..v.,....,w4.14,,,44,,v,„...,.4„ r ,0....,:i.. ~,,,../, „1. ei...t..,x4c.:,.,.;,..,,„,,;,...:.....,„.e„.,_................ . h .!- •;.' ~,,,:,,,. Ex; 't; 4 # -,--%;".--I.'" _-- ---v, a V •'-- . ' illti:- It„-1,. ' 2,7- ,/ - y7V: ,'4. 4.,%- -, . . ..-...__,-------::_'' ......,_-•------- .. ~,.. _ '. ~ c / .i 7 / e,!, , • ./I . • , _ THE LATE MARQUIS OF SAL

===== 0002601_19030829_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
HATFIELD HOUSE.

April 12th of this year he became Marquis of Salisbury, .and when he entered the House of Lords his first work was still to defend the Church. Then he dealt With the disestablish- ment question with his usual vigour, saying that the disestablishment of the Irish Church would not have the anticipated effect of abol- ishing Fenianism. In 1869 he was elected :‘-iancellor of the University of Oxford. In the following year Lord Salisbury, the recog- nised leading Conservative in the House of Lords, ssupported the Peace Preservation Bill in a somewhat sarcastic speech, and in the s.ame year the Irish Land Act passed. Then Lord Salisbury distinguished himself as a student of 'foreign allairs in an important speech made at the time of the Franco-Ger- man war. Then he took a very active part in e;:pt)unding the errors of the existing Govein- inent, which was gradually preparing for its and also the rejection of the Irish Uni- Bill. In January, 1874, Parliament

veist

WaS dissolved, and the Conservatives came in with a great majority, and Lord Salisbury became Secretary of State for India a second time, and in this post he gave proof of great administrative ability. Then the Eastern gliestion was reopened; Servia; 'and Monte- negro were at war with Turkey, and Bulgarian

; -srocities came to light. The result was- that .= Conference of the European Powers was held “t Constantinople, Lord Salisbury being, sent envoy from Great Eritain. While here he ,L.(l not obey his instructions or heed the re- monstrances sent out to him from the Foreign Office. The result was that he came into col- lision with the Foreign Secretary, Lord Derby. When Lord Derby's secession followed Lord Carnarvon's, Lord Salisbury was appointed Foreign Secretary. At the same time England was committed to an anti-Russian policy, from the effects of which both countries have ,seri- ously suffered, and are still suffering. The method pursued by Lord Salisbury in opposing Russia was identical with the method which he had already tried to apply to the coercion of Turkey, and which he has since applied to that very purpose with eminent success. He appealed to the Concert of Europe.. In a masterly despatch addressed to the Powers he urged that the Treaty of San Stefano, which Lad just been negotiated between Russia and Turkey removed from the cognisance of the Powers artisles which are modifications of ex

isting treaty engagements and inconsistent with them." The Berlin Congress followed, but as preliminary to that Congress two secret conventions were negotiated byLord Salis- bury, one with Russia and the other with Tur- key. On the death of Lord Beaconsfield, Lord Salisbury succeeded to the leadership of the ,Conservative party. The complete failure of the Irish Land Act as a pacifying measure, the trouble with the Boers, and the disturb-

....-••• .# .•7 tpF,. ' ••7 ..t. • !... , \ qJr. ‘ .. , • ... .I,se . . —. • ,Q,•:,,,. \\* ' 4s, -7:"^- `: .%. • .- l'l'‘. ' • t• ' k' .N.4' f ,/,, \ • -..'4 .1 -4-;'• 4 V. 'i, ',4'cs-' --:-.7,:•:-,.//:-. e•;• 00 4- ." ' / • .1 -it .0- :---z•-•-,- ** •r,/, 4,•,-(44ii.y.k4.- - 444 • ,If 4 i - '' ;. "i'r, : • 03* ;#ll="4 :7 . -• '7- `:411.,1/....• • f:/;41.: P. si ..,"'ir,--.l•`-tt ,4:f-tf,,' '.l As • ,-•• trlllOktlri% 0- ', ,I 1 ,!•,- 4q, ''.. `7 i -I.ZII-.'iv44 :;:lfte /),,, . , Ac 1f 4,14,0 b / • -' • a . ,if ilv,fil if/ -- -I,frp,og

===== 0002601_19030829_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW MARQUIS OF SALISBURY.

ances in Egypt gave Lord Salisbury a busy t me as Opposition leader until the resignation of the Government in the middle of 1885. He now became Prime Minister and Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Then Mr. Gladstone came into power, but was wrecked by his Home Rule Bill, and after a general election Lord Salisbury returned to office, He held this position as prime minister until 1902, Whert lie wetired from politics.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
4 -

The Examiner, Saturday, August 29, 1903.

WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

A SHORT MEETING.

Secondary School Arrangements.

There was very little discussion at the monthly meet- ing of the Warrington Education Committee held at the Town Hall on Monday evening, and the whole of the business was transacted in a quarter of an hour. Mr. F. Monks presided and there were also present :—The Revs. John Yonge and Father Wilson, Aldermen Monks and Bolton, Councillors Pierpoint, Broukh, Ellison, Upson, Wilkinson, James Evans and Brophy, Colonel J, D. Buckton, and Messrs. A. J. Jolley, E. J. Guest, G. Walker, J. Bibby, J. Fulton Smith, R. T. Fairclough,E. Plinston, and J. Moor 6 Murray (director of education.) WARRINGTON AND LORD SALISBURY'S DEATH. TOWN HALL FLAG NOT HOISTED.

The Rev. J. YONGE said he should like to suggest in an informal way to the Corporation authorities that on the death of an Englishman like Lord Salisbury the flag on the Town Hall should have been hoisted at half mast. The CHAIRMAN said he was going to make an informal remark. Considering there were so many. Tories in the town one would have thought- Councillor PIERPOINT : It isan oversight. The Rev. J. YONGE : I think it is agreat oversight, and I am. not a Tory as everyone knows. The CHAIRMAN: I will see that the suggestion is conveyed to the proper authority. The flag,l see, is being displayed at the Conservative Club.

SECONDARY SCHOOL ARRANGEMENTS. THE ENTRANCE EXAMINATION FOR INTENDING STUDENTS. STAFF APPOINTED.

t A summary of the minutes of the School Manage- anent Committee appeared in our last issue. The most tinportant had reference to the new secondary school: ( The committee resolved that Mr. E. L. Phelps, Inspector, be asked to conduct the examination of candidates competing for scholarships, and of scholara wishing to enter the Secondary School • that the candidates for scholarships must be under 16 and over 143 years of age, but that preference will be given to. those candidates who are over 14 years of age before- thelst August, 1903; that those candidates who are unsuccessful in obtaining scholarships, but are con- sidered' capable of profiting by the instruction, be ad- mitted to the preparatory classes on the payment of the fee of £.l 10s., such fee to, be returned at the end of the year, provided that a satisfactory report is received as to their work and attendance at the classes. At a meeting on the 15th inst. it was resolved that the following teachers be appointed to the Secondary Day School,. at salaries mentioned in each case, and from dates to be hereafter fixed, viz. Headmaster, Mr. Alexander Gow, 8.A., £250; chemistry master, Mr. Fredric William Rixon4 M.Sc. l40; physics master, Mr. Richard Henry Albery,, £140; assistant master, M 7; John Anthony Buckley, M.A., £120; assist- ant mistresses, Miss Elizabeth Frost and Miss Margaret B. Morton, L.L.Ao, £llO each; manual instructor, Mr. Henry Oliver Armstroug;. £llO. amsent was given to the appointment of a number of elementary school teachers whose names were published /Last week. Alderman MONKS, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, said he did so with 6ne or two reservations. The first one was with reference to the appointment of Miss Lily Vaughan (Ladles' School of Industry), who had withdrawn her application, as she had received another appeintment. For the same reason the names of Miss Shelford (Heathside) and Miss Mosedale (Heathside) had been withdrawn. In the minutes the salary of Mr. A. Richardson (St. Mary's) was put at £42 10s.; it *mild be £45, He had to substitute thei name of Mr. Shepherdscm, for that of Mr. Rixon as ' chemistry master at the Secondary school as Mr. Rixon had obtained an appointment elsewhere when the committee made the appointment it was known that Mr. Rixon,.had applied- for another appointment with a much better salary, and it was understood that he would accept the post if it were offered to him. Mr. Shepherd s on was-considereditolbe the next best appli- cant and his name was now submitted. The committee I were making progress in,thefr various appointments and in regard to the entrance examination for Secondary school scholarships the subjects would be reading, writing, arithmetic, history andgeography. Candidates would have the choice of three. periods.—Hanoverian, Stuart, and Tudor—in history;and they would also have the option of taking the geography of the British Isles and Europe or the. British empire, as a whole. This would give students as wide a choice as it was possible to afford them. IniMr. Gow; the newly appointed head master, the coannitteefelt they, had a strong man, and one whose qualifications were distinctly above the average. In making the appointment they thought they had found a man who would &all that they hoped for to put the school ma, satisfactory foundation. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded.

Councillor PIERPOINT asked! where Mr. Rixon was going to, and what his salary would be. These were matters of interest to the,i and to the public. Many people looked upon a salary of ZIG as rather exces- sive. If Mr. Rixort.was having a higher salary else- where it showed that if the Committee were erring at all, they were erring on the economical side. Councillor UPsosnsked if the syllabus of the entrance examlnAtion was for the pupil teachers or for the chil- dren. •

Alderman MONKS, replying ta Councillor Pierpoint, said Mr. Rixon'swas, rather a private matter, and not one the Committee had any interest in. Ile had secured an appointment at Devon at •a salary of £2.00 a year as chemistry master. In answer to Councillor Upson he said the syllabus was for children.

Councillor UPsom: Ought we not to have a syllabus for the pupil teachers themselves? Alderman MONKS: These scholarships are for children coming from the elementary schools and not for the pupil teachers. Pupil teachers will be admitted as a matter of course.

Councillor UrsuN : We are offering soholarshipa-to, the young people who wish to become pupil teachers. Alderman MONKS: The examination will include them as. well as the scholars from the elementary schools. We are hoping to have a large number of .in.l tending pupil teachers anong t.hp scholars at the schools...

-Comichfor U:PsoN: You will differenti4l:Ce by the - age ? AldermanMomcs : I should think so. The minutes were then agreed to. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE.

• At a meeting of the School Attendance Committee, held on the, 12th August, the Director reported the result of the evening meetings of the Rota Committee for the consideration of special cases, when h was re- solved that in future the rota meetings held on the third Thursday lathe evening, beheld in the afternoon. at 2.15,

Councillor ELLISON moved the confirmation of the minutes, and said the evening had been tried for•the rota meetings, but it sras a failure, and it was thought better to revertto the original arrangement to meet. in) the afternoon.

BIBBX seconded, and the ml ntte were agreed, to. TAE,CLEANTNG _OF SCHOOLS.

A meeting of the Finance Committee was held on,thei 21st August, when the Director reported that the managers of the following schools had accepted the scheme with regard to the cleaning of schools and the payment of caretakers which was adopted by the Edneft- tion Committee at their meeting on the 20th July last, viz. Fairfield National, Hamilton-street National, Het:thside National, Ladies' School of Industry, Latch- ford National, Sacred Heart (R.C.), St. Alban's (R.C.), St.. Benedict's (RE.), St. Mary's (R.C.), St. George's Mission, Warrington Parochial and Wycliffe British. The managers of the FairfieLl National. Heathside National, Sacred Heart (8.C.), St. Alban's (8.C.); St. Benedict's (R.C.), ISt. Mary's (8.C.), and St. George's Mission Schools saving submitted to the com- mittee the names of persons- to fill the post of caretaker at those schools, respectively,. it was resolved that the following ap lointments of caretakers be made, viz., Fairfield National, Mr. John Burgess, at £7B; Heathside Mr. James Buckley, £lO5 lls.; Sacred Heart (RC.), Mr. Edward. Whitfield, -£54 Bs.; St. Alban's (R:C.), Mr. Daniel Mahoney, £63 us.; St. Benedict's .(12..C.), Mr. Mich :a Mannion, .£69 75.; St. George's Mission, Mrs. Laura Barrett, ; St. Mary's (R.C.), Mr. Andrew Houghton, £7B 15s. Tt was also decided that the director be instructed. to obtain from the managers of the schools who hare accepted the scheme with regard to the c-leaning of the schools &c., a return showing the actual number of times the schools'lsrve been used for purposes other than those of a public elementary school, and the 'actual expenditure incurred by them in respect of the cleaning, lighting and heating of the schools, since the Ist April last; and that the law clerk be requested to draw up a forma agreement between the local authority and the managers in respect of the re-payment by the managers of the proportional sum prescribed by the scheme with regard to the cleaning of the schools, &c., such agreement to remain in force until April, 1904, or such later date as may be determined upon. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY, in moving !the confirmation of the minutes, said that 12 schools out of 29 had acceptsd the offer of the committee with regard to the cleaning of schools, Ste., but of the tiVelve only seven had sent in the names of the -persons to be appointed as school- keepers. It was hoped all the other schools would come into line as quickly as possible, and accept the terms suggested. The committee had no power to compel managers to accept the offer made, but if they declined, the managers would retain the privilege of appointing their own caretaker, and also be rasponslble for his wages and all costs of lighting and cleaning. From expressions of opinion which had been made by managers of schools, the scheme was a reasonable and equitable one. The return which had been asked for was to enable the Education Committee to make an equitable adjustment and repay managers who had been disbursing sums of money for which the Committee was practically responsible.

Mr. R. T. Fstitc:nuci se3oaied, and the motion was agreed to.

SITES AND BUILDINGS

PLAYGROUND FOR THE SECONDARY SCHOOL

At a meeting of the Sites and Buildings Committee the Borough Surveyor was instructed to arrange for the carrying out of certain repairs at the School of Art. It was decided that a portion of the land at the back of the Technical institute be levelled and cindered for use as a playground in connection with the secondary school, and that the pathway from the back door of the institute to Museum-street be flagged. The committee decided to request the contractor for the Technical Institute to remove the materials belonging to him from the land at the back of the institute, with the exception of the clerk of the works' office and the hoarding left by him on . the ground, provided that satisfactory arrangements could be made for the purchase of the office and hoarding in question by the com- mittee. The Board of • Education forwarded plans for the alteration of St. Peter's (John-street) School which had beensubmitted to them by its managers, but the committeemade no observations thereon.

Alderman- BOLTON, in proposing the adoption of the minutes, remazked that the repairs to the School of Art were very small. With reference to the land at the back of the Technical School it was proposed to level it and cinder it for use as a playground. The plans for the alteration to St. Peter's School proved satisfactory te'the Board f Education. _ _

Mr. R. T. FAERCLOU-GU having seconded, the minutes were adopted.

A SUB-COMMITTEE CONGRATULATED.

The CHAIRMAN: I think I may congratulate the sub-committee who had the selection of the candidates upon the very admirable choice they made. On the whole it was a capital selection. Councillor PIERPorNT : We expected nothing else from such a committee. (Laughter.) The CHAIRMAN: When you do well you will let them know it, won't you? The Committee then rose.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WELL-KNOWN FOOTBALLER. Cured of Consumption by Dr.

Williams' Pink .Pi

Mr. Chas. W. Wilson, secretary of the Breaston Foot- ball Club, now residing at 98 Mans-els-street, Nether&ld, told the "Derby Express" that he had been in a Consumption, his weight falling as low as Bst. MTh., and that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People had saved him. They raised his weight in a very short time to fist. 71b., and no doubt as his strength returned, he put on further flesh.

Derbyshire Football Secretary who was cured of ansaniption, by Dr. Williams' Pink Fills. (Prom a photo by B. Storer, Long-Eaton.)

Mt. Wilson's account of his escape from threatened death, by Consumption is intelligent and interesting. He said

"About sixteen weeks ago I became HI. I did not thinlethe matter of great gravityat first,. but gradually I grew worseand had to seek medical advise. But al- though:skilfully treated I gradually grew worse. I felt very,low ; had scarcely strength to more about, and was quite-unable.to eat or sleep. I lost weight, was. feverish and short,of breath, and subject to profuse perspirations, especially at night. I was troubled, teo,.by a constant coughond pains in my chest. The doctor tokl my wife the truth. ::I was Consumptive. "I was Quite unable to follow my trade as a wheel- wright,,and after I had been under the doctor a few weeks,: he ordered me away. I went to a. convalescent home at Southport, but all to no good: I came back home, and the doctor told me I should; not be aide to work. again.. I asked him what my- compluint was, and hdlwould not tell me. However, lie-told my wife. "Myv ilihese continued for about thirteen weeks. As a last resource' I determined to try Dr, Williams Pink Pilid,for Palo People. You would hardly believe the benefit I felt after the first five or six .doses.. In less than a,week.l was at work again !" " In what way did you feel the berafit "-The-Cough stopped, the pains in my chest left me, and I could eatand sleep better, and inn day or two I walked.to.Long Eaton and back (two.,and a-half miles each,way),without feeling a bit tired., " Hbw many boxes of Dr. Williams!: Pink Pills have you taken ?" " Sinhoxes altogether, and I feelt quite. well now. Wouldyou believe that before I took the-pills I only weighesilBst. 101 b., but now lam 9st. lb I feel aswell FIB. ewer I did, only not quite so strong,, but I shall soon pull.my strength up." "Do. you attribute your cure sollily to. Dr. Williams' Pink, PHIS for Pale People ?" - "-Certainly I do. All the neitalbours know of my 'case,.and are surprised to see me at work again." The great difficulty in cases of Consumption is to Stopithe wasting, due to loss of bliood. Dr:. Williams' Pink Pills go straight to the root of the matter by makiag ncie blood. In the sannesimple but not less worulsrfnl way they have cured Altienda„Kidney Disease, Paralysis, Rheumatism, and the, secret miseries of womankind. There is no danger- of being deceived by useless. substitutes, if the purchaser.takes pains to ask fer Um. Williams' pills rand to seethe .full name on the package—Dr. Williams' Pink Pills tor Pale People Dr.. Williams' Medicine Company, Helborn-viaduct Louden,. will send .a box post free far 2s. 9d., or for .13s, 9d. six boxes—which effected a complete cure in the-case of Mr. Wilsonas abovedescribed..

40=-4-441)MT& 12% tri7 ( , • •-4 f%N- ;,;\

Mr. W. C

===== 0002601_19030829_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAMWAYS. Stockton heath SciTeine Advancing.

: A private meeting of the Stockton Heath Parish 'C'euncil was held in the National Schools on Tuesday, evening for the purpose of discussing plans submitted: by the Warrington Tramways Committee respecting the .proposed light railway to Victoria-square. Mr. J. IL. •Clarke presided, and there were also, present :—Messrs.. Whitley, Bonchier, Pemberton, Mclntyre and Bradshaw (clerk). The Corporation plans showed a double line. 'all along the route. After.- considerable discussion' the. fallowing resolution was passed oa the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr.BbuchleAr :—"(1) That the. plan dated June 3rd, 1903; showing the position of the rails be approved, provided that as regards the ' portion of the road opposite the.watl of the Churchyard, if it be found hereafter that in con- sequence of the narrowness of the metalled portion) of the road there is an interference, and inconvenience to traffic, the C trporation Wheil, called upon by. the local authority, fix a cxoss-over to avoid such inconveni- ence. (2) That the position of the posts as shown on the said plan be not approved. Tile Parish Councilwill be pleased to confer with the Warrington Corporation and submit suggestions for improvements. (3), That the clerk write to the.clerk to the County Council draw- ing his attention to the awkward corner of the.road that will be formed at the, shop occupied by Mr. Hatta:key in Victoria-square, when the road is Altered for the War- rington light railway and they express a desire that the County Council wikt take steps to improve, the. road at that point." .

===== 0002601_19030829_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATIR OF AN ENORMOUS MAN.

From Chicago.eomes the news of th 4 death of a man only sft. 10in. high, yet weighing 484 lbs. It is said that he was so broad that he could not enter the turn- stiles of the etevated railways in Chicago. The only surface cars in which he could ride, were those having double sliding doors. To make him a complete suit of clothes required 12 yards of cloth, and underwear large enough for Mm was not manrifaotured for him in the United States. Everything he were was therefore made to order in. Europe. His hat was No. 12. The furniture provided fer his use was made with special are, on, account of his great weight.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A RAILWAY MAN'S CASE.

Mr. A. Whitehouse, of Ripon Cottages, Shaw-road, Bushbnry, Wolverhampton, is a railway fireman. For quite a long time he was unable to go to work. He had pains in the lower part of his back so had that he was forced to take to his bed. All the while Mr. White- house was doing everything he, could think of to get well again, but no medicine seemed able to cure him. Gradually he grew worse and finally Nervous Exhaustion added its distress to his butden of pain and illness. He could not sleep at night and grew weaker and winker till he was very low. He says : My work makes it necessary for me. to be called out .at'n moment's notice, and I am exposed to all sorts of weather, and my continued illness was a very serious matter to me.

"I lingered on in this way for a long time till T was persuaded to try Dodds Kidney Pills. The results of the first few doses of this remedy surprised me and I kept on till in a short time T was entirely cured, sound and well, without an ache or pain left. lam as well as ever T was."

llt is donbtinl whether the policy of confining our importation of food to our own dominiwis, so far as duties will confine it, could be maintained year after year. It is only the United States that send out food each year without enormous variations. It is necessary to dwell for a moment on this question of variations in sources of supply of food. The yield of wheat by the acre from Canada Isvastly greater than the yield of the acreage in Australia. Mr. Chamberlain has replied boa recent question on the subject in the House, that the yield in Canada is twenty-five bushels per acre, and the yield in Australia seven and a-half bushels.. The acreage under wheat in Australia was , larger than in Canada, the yield; far less. Similarques- tions toathe Secretary of -State for India have shewn that the still much larger area which is under wheat in India than in the whole of the, Colonies put together, can mit be increased on lands of the best class where soil and. rainfall or irrigatiora facilities are suitable, and that all these lands are already occupied ' by vanable crops. Sir Howard Vincent's question was so put aeto. suggest that there had been a regular. increase.of the export of grainlrom India from 1846, when there was none exporteds,. to. the present time... when there is a large import from India. The Indian figures are far from clear, and differ, indeed, in answers given en,JUne 22nd and 26th. There was a considerable. import of flour from India to the, United Kingdom in the- latest year for which we have the- figures, though it was less large than it was in 1898. But the fluctuations are. extraordinary, and no article isso. greatly affected from. year to' year by seaonable variations as is wheat, except in the case of supply from the-United States. Not only do the Indian figures vary—as; for example i 1897; 500,6100ewt. ; 1898, 9,500,000 cwt. ; 1900, nil—but the. figures vary as regards our foreign feeders; thus .Argene , thin, 1897, under I,ooo,ooocwia. ~ 1900, 18,500,000cwte ; 1902. 4.000,000 cwt. Russia, which in 1888 sent us 21.560;000tavt., in 1901 sent us. only 2,500,000 cwt. 9 • but, in 1902; 6,500,000 cwt. In other words, as regaade wheat we cannot depend on. Canada and India and Australis to supply our want, but must have the largea field which is afforded;.if not by the whole worlkl, at /east by the United States,. In the case of barlby, which is necessary for our whisky and our beer, iAns- much as in sunless years foreign barley must be used. in some proportion, the seascrati fluctuations are ahnost equally important; and the-flUctuations in the supply of meat are also great—not everywhere for the Australian cause, droughts, but because of the restrictions itrth.e trrule which are imposed either on account of or in: the name. of disease. It is often suggested,: especially by interested parties that it is possible to force the growth of important new ! sources of food supply.. Our new settlements its East , ' and Central Africa have been defended on this: pound. The last report that we have upon our East Airican Ptotectorate quotes M. Chamberlain as declaring during his visit that much of it is trwhite man's emmtry suitable for Europearacobanisation and for the growth of wheat ; and the Governor explains that it "-ia. not all ordinary colony. It is practically an estate . belonging to his Majesty's Government, on which ma enormous outlay has been madeaand which ought to repay that outlay. Many millions have been expended' on the con- struction of the railteay ; . . . the railway can only be made to pay by- developing the countries through which it passes., . When Mr. Chamberlain. was here he expressed the opinibra that the future prosperity of the Protectorate might be found to lie in the- export of wheat and wool.: .. . . . I trust, therefore. that, in view of the really great possibilities offered for raising stock and growing' corn, his Majesty's Government may see their way to „assist the establishment of these indus- tries." A pleasant series of arguments :fee. the British taxpayer! H. is first to spend enormous sums on con- quering and holding down great territories, and then in making railways. through them; and haring done this. he is told that it is useless to have taltanaall these steps unless he'spendS his money on promoting the growth of wheat. When he has promoted it then he is to ,put a tax upon the wheat that comes front cheaper countries,. and to buy-at an unnecessarily high price the wheat: which he has thus painfully broughtlinto existence. It is worth while to return to the Australian case„for. if Mr. Chamberlain's proposals hopelessly bre;ak down; when viewed in the light of India, which has been forgotten and Australia, to which they are inapplic- able, theta are destroyed. The coentry will never adopt them in, the name of the avoidance of the disruptioni of. Empire). on arguments derived wily from the eesesof Canada and New Zealand. There is no question of Free. Trade. with Australia. All authorised exponents of Australian official opinion belonging to the Protectionist majority inform us that Australian manufactures. will continue to be protected against our own. There are proposals at the present time before. the- Ctannonwealth Legislature for the increase, of the. protection of the Australian ironworks and ether metallurgic industries against ourselves On the other hand, Australia sends as mainly raw , material—wool and ores. It is impossible to touch the , trade iu wool, which is a trade in raw material or in a_ _ _

merchandise, and Mr. Chamberlain and Mr:--I.3.raWuriia; both admitted this contention. The West Riding would be up in arms, and Lancashire would expect similar taxation upon cotton for the benefit a our West African colonies ; and the policy has been repudiated. There is no reason to believe that Australia can send us year by year any very large supply of wheat or beef or butter, and our people do not appear willing to cut off their supplies of French and Portuguese wines and to

consume great quantities of Australran wine.

What of the details of the trade the Cl.ihe; way? Tt is conceivable that by encouraging in Australia the bounty system, which in the case- of sugar we have de- clared to be immoral, we might replace Danish butter in England by Australian butter ; but the British and Irish dairy farmers would have the Same reason to com- plain which the West Indian sugar-planters have suc- cessfully enforced. Australia cannot compete in beef, even with a large help of preferential duties, against South America ; and the beef supply from Australia, depepding as it does upon cycles of drought, and rain, would in any case be Most uncertain. A pre- ference on her wheat, her butter, and her wine would also benefit only certain chosen districts. Not only is it impossible to give Australia a preference in this country which would be worth her having, but it is uot

COLONIAL PREFERENCE• easy to conceive what preference in Australia we coald ask for for ourselves which would be worth much to our trade. , ; It has been argued by Sir Robert Giffen that there is MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S PROPOSALS. virtually little or no Protection in the Australian _ tariffs, hat there ,can be no doubt that the ____ SPECIAL ARTICLE BY SIR CHARLES W. Australian Protectionist Party, which in -Victoria and some of the other States are the demo- DILKE, BART M P .1 . • cratic party, have constantly kept before the electorate the policy of resistance to a lowering of the standard of life which they declare would be the result Mr. Chamberlain's proposals, as stated by him on the of free competition with the factories of Great Britain adjournment for the Whitsuntide recess, consist mainly or of India' and undoubtedly the existing Australiaa of the following propositions: That the Empire ca,nnot tariff is as low as the Commonwealth Parliament is be kept together, but must break up, unless we give likely at present to make it, Wad any preferenoe preferential duties to Colonial products, which cannot be on raw material and must be on food; that such would be rather by the raising of duties against duties on foreign food will increase the cost of living the foreigner than by the lowering of duties to the working classes, but will be compensated for by on our own goods or on Indian goods. This a rise in wage,and will produce a revenue which can be view is enfolved by an interesting document in spent on old-age pensions. Command Paper 8,449 of 1897, being the replies of the ' 1 The obvious remark that if the preference to the col- * Governors to 'the despatch of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, known as "Trade of the British Empire I onies succeeds in rapidly developing the Canadian wheat- and Foreign Competition." The Tasmanian report is 1 field the duty on American wheat must speedily cease to I be productiveea aand that the old age pensions will dis- worthy of special notice,. because Sir Philip Fysh, a ! appear, or have member of the filet Commonwealth administration, who been freely made, to'be provided out of other taxes, has was at that time Treasurer as well as Premier of the Mr. Chamberlain some years ago colony, replied to, Mr. Chamberlain's despatch that the ; I the Board of Trade had asserted thatwhen President of t taxes upon food,to Colonies were and would remain Protectionist. But he which he was at said that if there were a preference given such as I thsit time opposed, would lower wages. He now, being favourable to them, states that they will Canada offered, which he thought unlikely,- there was not the slightest chance that the trade of the' United I be accompanied by a rise of wage. The rise (if any) Kingdom with its Colonies could grow itesuch a way I would certainly not be automatic. In the case of as to compensate the United Kingdom for the harm I organised employment it would not be accomplished I without friction,norprobably withoutstrikes. lathe case which would be done to it. The examination of the present figures in the light of k of unorganised employment, women's employment, and , generally all ill-paid work, it would be problematical, the return which I have named yields facts whith are I The proposal appears to be for a 4s. or ss. duty on of great interest. It has been calculated by an able ' wheat, and acorresponding tax on meat, which would at writer, in the "New Liberal Review" that there is first produce enough for what is called a thrift scheme £7,000,000 sterling worth of articles at present impor- -1 of old-age pensions, giving pensions, in other words, to ted to Australia from foreign countries which we might those who have been able to afford membership of conceivably replace, and he has suggested that we might 1 I friendly societies or other provision for themselves, possibly hope to win half of this amisunt. These are pretty much the 'classes Many of the things,. of course, which Australia 1 who might be able to secure an increasing wage. But buys from the foreigner are things which we 1 those do not sell, such, for example, as champagne 1 who would not be. able to secure it would be the very classes who wouldnot receive the old-age pensions. As and mineral oils; and some are difficult of analysis, g regards all dangerous and unhealthy trades, the worker bein sold from England by firms which import portions of their manufactures from abroad, as is the I would be asked to run a great risk of loss by the increase ' case in very many of our trltdes, of which the piano :1 of the price of his food, going possibly beyond any ; trade may be taken as a type. It is also an interesting I rise whichhe might be able to obtain in his wage,for the ' fact that the experienced Governors who have had to 1 sake of a! provision for him at sixty-five, an age to', deal with these questions in the Colonies are most of 1 which he can seldom hope to attain. There was no ground for Mr. Chamberlain's belief': them, if not all, opposed to the new policy, though I that the Colonies can only be 'kept within the Empire by-: many of them are Unionists in politics. Lord Jersey, for instance, is opposed to the change, and he and others i preferential benefits to their trade in food with as. These! evidently feel that there is not much hope for our trade i preferential duties were a failure when they were triedl before, and they have been' a failure in the case in the policy of the Commonwealth, which is unwilling I of; i Ito lower duties upon our goods, and only willing to ! foreiga countries. The expressions of Colonial states-- i raise them on foreign good, chiefly goods which do notsi men which have been fully auotecl, suffice to show that compete with our own and articles which the Australiansa no expectation was entertained in the Colonies that any such preference would be granted in home markets. must have. It is hoped, however, by many that prefer-at once might result in a certain strengthening of our The Colonies, moreover, were perfectly loyal without it. The policy is inapplicable to the particular case of the' position against the United States. Common-wealth of Australia, and any separatist • It is, indeed, easier to strengthen our position in tendencies which might exist in 'Australia could only be Australia against the United States than against, Germany, because it is easier to ascertain the country strengthened by a policy in the suggested interest of ! of origin in the one than in the other case. When Canada and New Zealand being pursued regardless of special advantage to Australia. Spain put us in the seconcicolumn of her tariff for a time no harm was done to British trade, although the If it is the case that wages would rise, as expected statistics of our trade were undoubtedly affected. Ourl by Mr. Chamberlain, after the- adoption of taxes upon 1 food, then our trades in other markets would be ham- goods went inns German. So undoubtedly some British I pored. if itis the case that wages in some particular goods go into Australia as Geaman, because sold I, trades—the mostlhighly organized—would rise, then the '37. German firms, and exported in German I increased price—say, for example, of coal—must affect steamers ; and some German goods go into our expqrta of British produce and manufactures Australia as British. In the Blue Book to which refer- I upon which we largely live. In the last year for which once has been made it is emplained how it was dis- f! we have the returns, our trade in British and Irish pro- covered that the galvanised ' corrugated iron shipped rom 1 duce and manufactures to the American continent was Hanahurg was of British manufacture, and that £56,000,000, of which our trade with our own British straw hats went into Queensland as German- colonies was £11,000,000, and our trade to 1 This argument as to country of origin is double-edged. foreign countries £45,000,00 about half It tells both ways. It may possibly be found that our i 0 to the United States, and about half to Latin trade in Australia is not, in fact, so large as it appears ' X) be, and that German tracla is terser than the figures. h America. This gigantic trade in British manu- sew. On the other hand, it tells' against all prefer- factures would be doubly hampered by 'the changes , which Mr. Chamberlain has proposed. li, is a trade ia I erase, as preference must depend entirely upon accurate" return for food which we receive- and Mr. Chamberlain ascertainment of the country ef origin; and certificates would tax that importiof food, Lid, bytaxing it, admits of origin have always been liable to fraud, a fact which that he would raise wages' which: would affect the trade strikes at the root of all possibility of preference. r the other way. The effect of sueh changes all over the It is admitted that the adoption of the Merchandise world on that enormous British shipping, mercantile Marks Act has had a damaeing, effect upon British trade ' and banking interest, which constitutes almost 1 in the Colonies. It has, liowever, affected the appear- monopoly,znay be conceived. ance of the figures even more -than than it has the actual _ _ _ . _ _ ___

facts. It was stated by Mr. Chamberlain, in reply to RR unstarred.question in the House of Commons on July 16th, that a considerable proportion of the apparent inorease in foreign importations into the Colonies is to be attributed to the effect-of the Act; and, while the alteration in figures has been greater than the alteration in fact, there can, be no doubt the Mer- chandise Marks Act has in some cases damaged British trade. For instance, a great exporter of British agri- cultural machinery was in., the habit of exporting a considerable number of cheapthermometers along with every parcel of his goods. These he bought in Germany,, .and sold at a large profit. When. he began to forward them marked "Made in Germany" the result was in- I quiry and the transfer of the trade to Germany, to the loss both of the exporter's mat and of the freight. • When we consider in detail: the articles upon which our- trade is supposed to have been displaced in Australia. we find the following state of things. Some apparel— 'that is, readymade or slop clothing, from Germany— goes into New South Walesand some into Queensland.. I.The total for Australia is very small as conpared with , I the slop clothing from Great Britain, as we should ex- poet when we remember that there is an importation ofJ slop clothing from the United Kingdom into Germany,,k ,as well as of slop clothing front Germany into the i'United Kingdom. There isamt much margin for us to- obtain increased trade,any - more than there is in beer, another article which: has been mentioned.. I, The trade in cheap firearms-is not sufficiently consider- •• able to give much scope for increase, but it is a trade- in which other nations compete actively with ourselves.. As regards candles, an artiele in which it, is said that we could obtain an increased trade, it must be remembered I that other countries posseso a great advantage over us as regards the raw material/. In the chemical trade we . stand far better in Australia than is generally supposed. The case of the watch trade- is one where we are net ourselves able to contemplitte with equanimity the, ef..c- :elusion of the cheap foreik'n article, especially that of , the United States, from our own home market,. so ' ; largely does the comfort of our population depend ' upon this article of foreignsupply ; and we can hard-1y expect the Australians, to. be more tender to the 'English clock and watch trade that we- can- afford to be ourselves. The glass trade is one in which Germany and' Belgium everywhere press us hard, and it is a trade, net very large, in which:there would be room • for- some increase in Australia under -preferential duties: SO, with the nail trade; while as , regards wire we- are wholly unable to compete in Englandiwith,foreign:wire, one of the articles in which our own manufacturers have the most completely gone / under. The musical instrument trade is one • in, which: Germany has-coma-altogether to the front; but- on the other hand,'the: far more important trade ia earthen- ware and .china.shows a predominance of England ' which is not generally believed in, but mine the less true. Toolsand agricultural machinery are the points i in whichthe United States has the most easily passed us, I on account-of her inventiveness and the superiority of her products.: It is difficult to believe that-the Austra- lians will consent to give such a preferenee•to British goods in these classes as greatly to increase-the ccist of the agricultural' machinery which they will eentinue to import from the United .Stateo. There is another question which is close* connected with that of ColOnial preference. We do not know what I will be the outcome of the confused and varying evidence I now being taken, beforethe Commission:on Food Supply in War; but- it is impossible to omit- from considera- tion the war view of this question. There is a general war advantage as regards food in receiving it from Many Powers, but especially from the American Conti- tient in the case of a European war. Were weattacked by a coalition, our food supply, coming-as it now does I mainly from the United States and from South America, I would be booked after for us by theihereasing fleet of / the • United States: the portion which canto from Canada might perhaps be looked after by ourselves. The United States have always been the, great defender of the rights of neutrals in war, and-wilt be again, and our I foreign enemies of a Continentat coalition would not I dare to vex the United States and' bring them to our side by interfering with the rights-of neutrals.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A WOMAN'S QUESTION.

There are some questions which affect women mo,;* than men. Perhaps the greatest of all is, how can the housework be done when sickness attacks them? Cur representative had an interview with Mrs. A. Stafford, rg Victoria-road, Dukinfiekt, Manchester. She, haxing suffered for fifteen years from piles, could speak with some authority upon tho matter. ."It is absolutely impossible," said she. "Hove can you work when you are brought to a terribly low, weak state by pain and torture? I found that I eould not even think of doing my housework, and so bad was I that I had not strength even to wash myself. At night my rest would be broken with the pain and agony I had to bear. All this time I tried remedy after remedy in order to get relief for my troubles; but try as I would, no good ever came of my efforts. For a long time I had, given up my case as hopeless, and had prepared to end my 'days in pain and misery; thinking that at 63—my age —it was impossible to ever find a permanent cure. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills were, however, brought to my notice. To try one more remedy I thought would not matter. Judge of my surprise, therefore, when with the taking of the first few pills I found my old enemy leaving mo. By continuing with the treatment soon found that I could walk with ease and move about without agony. In fact, I was slowly being cured. Before long I was permanently cured of piles. It was Dr. Morse's Indian Root' Pills that had done it all." They are a positive cure for liver and kidney complaints, biliousness, indigestion, constipa- tion, piles, dyspepsia, foul breath, sallow complexion, and female ailments. They are a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, and blotches. Sold by leading Chemists and Stores, price is. Id. per bottle. If unable to obtain where you reside, Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills may be had, post free en receipt of price, from The W. H. Comstock Company, Ltd., 21 Farringdon- avenue, London, E.C. Mrs. Stafford went on to say "that health and vigonr such as she had not known for fifteen years were now her daily portion, and she was glad that the woman's question had no terrors for her."

===== 0002601_19030829_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
MINA SOAP

The World's Greatest

Skin Soap.

The Standard of Every Nation of the Earth,

===== 0002601_19030829_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Sale Greatoi Than the World's Probet of Other SIA Soaps.

Sold Wherever Civilization Has Penetrated.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chafings, for annoying Irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspiration, for ulcer- ative weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, espe- cially mothers, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nur- sery. Cuticura Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Cuti- cura, the great skin cure with the pur- est of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of flower odours. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with it for preserv- ing, purifying and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair and hands. No other for- eign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Thus it combines in one soap at one price the best skin and. complexion soap and the best toilet and baby soap ever compounded. Sale greater than the world's product of all. other skin soaps. Sold in every part of the civilized -world. •

===== 0002601_19030829_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER ON - WATER SUPPLY

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TCI, Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU A EAU LEG

With Wounds that Oischatre or otherwts, votarf surrounded with inltammation and swollen; chs.t when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? if so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the reinedies you have tried; which, if not extracted, you never eau recover, but go on suffering tilt death release. you. Perhaps you:, knees are su ollen, the joints being ulcerated. thesame with the ankles. round which the skin may be dia. coloured, a: there may he wounds: the disease,,if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to wank. Iron may have attended virrious hospitals anC had mzlical advice and been told your case is hopelem or advised to submit to amputation; but no not, for i ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failcd, it Is no reason I should. Send at once a Postal Ortier for 2s. dd. to It. W. ALBERT, 73.; Parringdon-stre et. London, and you will receive a box of Gi ssi topper Ointment and Pills, which is acertaia remedy ior the curt of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee, Ulcerated .14-.ints, Carbuncles, Poisoned. thiuda„ Bunions. ißegi,,t.ered e‘, pyrig A FAMILY'S WASHI NG- .is now, done•cpaicker better, and cheaper by using BRADFORD'S IMPROVED VOWEL' WASH ING MACHINE, than by any other way. See Catalogue of our

===== 0002601_19030829_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW 'VOWEL XL S'

Combined Washing, Wringing, and M /gling Machine. Price A z3s. od. Cash Discount. Carriage Paid. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn. London; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; z3o, Bold Strzt, Liverpool; and Salford. .

===== 0002601_19030829_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVE THE CHILLIREN

CANNY MERWOOD'S CHILDREN SAYERS.

For cl.iiidut fo. prevention•of a .- -- merits such as ts:oi., ...,;ons, Sickness, Gripes, SiLisms, Diarrlicea. Wind.- i•evers, Measles. Debility. Indiges- tion, Fits. &e.,

Maxv a valuable life could h saved ard raretit, rplieved rt,f pain and anxiety by having a F !pie and eflectual ruined). at band on the appearance of any uisquieting,syruptom, Such a remedy is found in

GRANNY PAERwoOb's CHILDREN SAVERS. i/zi of all Cbemists, or free by post for Posta, Older for If- and 2d. in Stamps, from KING'S IMPERIAL MEDICINE Co., 27, Milton Street,

LONDON, LC:

LIGHT IN YOUR POCKET f, v THE LUNA POCKET LAMP.

Indispensable for travellers, doetors,cy- chats, and for use where safety is essen- tial. CLEAN & NEAT. No Aci.l. No Danger. Gives 5,000 Flashet at a total cost of 31- POST FREE.

Send direct to the Manufacturers : iNDESCENT NOVELTY Co. 33,5 John's Hill,Claphcon Junc.,Loneion,S.W. SUNS PIHITCeMP YOM XLAIROPATII I.IST Or KASS NOTAILTIM

... •f:.: ' ----. . 1‘3,.&-,;' 1%. k!.;,..-•!,,,A,..,_:',

I/ 11 • A4///,'. ."-".-----'N114101..r., • • Ori-77-7:• 4‘. 4.ltWi'j; ' :01P2 t, ELECTRIC & INCAN

===== 0002601_19030829_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:heir

";:r

===== 0002601_19030829_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ,

===== 0002601_19030829_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, i t;

===== 0002601_19030829_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
"Oxaminer omits

Tg " WADDINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE HIAXINER." published every Saturch— morning.

T" ..EA.IILESTOWN AND NRWTON EX A5l INBR, published every Friday afternoon.

T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," pablished every Friday afternoon.

T" " Rumcom ExkluNzu,"l.pablished every Friday afternoon. T" " Vii/DNEEI Exsmn Its," published every Friday afternoon.

P P.A.E ADVP.;=?CISTVE'tINT ARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES:WANTED PAETMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD BTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS TLC MtLLiMT3 SALES One Three Six

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 54

Weeks. Weeks. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od, 28. 6d. ... 48. Od. ... 38. U. ... ss. Od. ... 3s. 3d. ... 6s. Od.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Elontestir Otrbants, ett

W,ASTED, at once, experienceO KITCHENMAID.— Apply CRONKSHAVeB HOTEL. Burnley.

WANTED a good reliable HOUSEMAID.—AppIy Mrs. SHEPHERD, North Drive, St -Annes-on-3ea.

AIiTED, good Country GICNBRAL, trustworthy ; good V wages.— MRS. GORTON, Paddington, Warrington.

C.:LEN/MAL. Wante I good country girl ; comfortable home malt family.-69. MANOR ROAD, kiroakley. London

WANTED. young GENERAL, for Bristol; twa in family.—Apply, Mrs. Murphy," Halliwell," Ausdell- road. Lytham,

IVANTED, an Experienced GENERAL SERVANT, with good references.—Mrs. JACICHON, 52, Ring etreet, Southport.

WYANTED GIRL about 17, for housework and assist i shop no washing. —Mae. CLARK, Confectioner, Elliott street. Tyldesley.

'WANTED a good GENERAL, washing done at home; V two children.—Apply, with reference, to 38, JOHN 13TRRET, Warrington.

ViTANTBD, GENBRAL at once (18 to 23) small family.— Apply with references, Mrs. CowA.N, 112 Westgate Burnley, Lancashire.

W&BUM. a good single-handed KITCHEN MAID; help in scullery is given.—LADY HANMF.B. Ittdbrook Lodge Vhitchurch. Salop.

"W ANTED Respectable GENERAL for business house. No washing, Age 18 to 20. References.—Appy PAITEN 14. Castle-street Stockport.

WANTBD, COOK and HOUSBMAID for one place; country ; good wages —Mrs. SulTH,Central Registry, Walton's Parade, Preston

OHHCAMBH, W H.—Comfortable A PAHTAHNTS;bath. 131 piano;terma mod.—Miaa SiflaPLEa.los,Chataworth rd

ST. ANSIIS.—Mrs PiLuNG,IO,St David's rond,B : public and private Apartments; piano; bath ; near station and sea .

BTACKPOOL.—Kne. TAYLOR Kirk View (opposite Kent road chapel), off Central-drive ; trams pass.

BATIIHR and MOROCCO RESTORI3R, any colour Free. -1-J Is 2d.—WEBSTER, Hyde House, Willesden, N.W.

SMOK REIS, ook, five selected mounted Briar Pipes. post free 23; thousands sold.— H. BOUGHTON, Thetford.

HUTCHBS, eatteries, bantam. pigeon houses.—LATHAM, Royal Manufacturer. Bridlington. Designs post free.

DHONOGRAPHS,4s Choapest house in the trade ; lists free Gonium, Talking Machine Supply, Whytelesfe. (Li UNS,2Ss to £4O. Send at once to one of the few practical VA masers.—HoLustAri, 83, V.uxhall Bridge Rd. Lonoon.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
UI ANTIID HOUSit 4AID-WALCRICSS ; reference; wage £l4 to £l6 ; family two ; state age.—Addreas 34 SCARD3BRICR ROAD, tiouthport.

DERSON (respectable) Wants Housekeeping to plain, homely. working man.—Apply, HOUSEKEEPER," 2, Springfield road, St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
INTANTED, COOK-GENBRAL and Young Housemaid, no children; Nurse-Housemaids, Generalc—BOTTo3l- - Reidstry, Morley street, Bradford.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED HOUSEMAID or good Between-maid; three servants and gardener kept. washing sent out.—Mrs. PILSBURY, Meadowslea, Hope Station. Mold.

WANTED COOK-GBNBRAL with good references. Kitchenmald might suit, small family; housemaid kept.—LOWER CRUMPULL REcroRE, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A LL CLASSEh OF SERVANTS ready from country or LX town,public and private.—Call or write Miss HARRIBOfeB (only Effice). 6 Oldbam street. Manchester, Haab 1862.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
W ABTBD, good plain COOK-GBNBRAL, for London Y Y suburb, for September ; age about 22; wages £lB-220. —Apply, Mae Madeley, 15 Bast Bank road, St Annes-on-Sea.

12XPERIENCED !dale and Female NURSES at a L.; moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, 70, elope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

WANTED, a respectable YOUNG WOMAN as HOUSE— MAID for family of four; age 17 to 23 ; must have good personal reference.—Address Mrs. GREGORY, Northfield, Aughton, Ormskirk.

WOKS WANTED £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitresses £lB V to £l2. Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. ICo connection with any other office.-7-Write to HARRISON'S, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

LL CLASSES OF oITLIA.TIONS, private and public good homes, excellent wages; places in town, country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED linGisTalr, 6 Cldham street, Manchester.

WANTED FORTY GOOD SERVANTS for Hotels, Board- ing and prirate Houses for Blackpool and district, good wages; enclose stamp.—Mrs. PREBT.N'S REGISTRY, 44, Charles street, Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

WBST KIRBY RKGISTRY OFFIvIi•—WANTIM, ex- perienced COOKS. Cook-Generals. tionsemaids. liouaemaid-Waitresseas ; good references required.—Apply 2. GAnFiKLD-TERRACE Bank's-ro4d. West Kirby.

NilV ANTED, GBDISMAL, age about 25; respectable; plain cooking; small family; also HOUdBMAID, age 18. waiting taught; good wages—Address, or call, Mrs. H•RRIS, 01. Quarry Brook, fdaghull. Lancs.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
,J q: antes.

- WANTED, PLIER-FORGERS.—AppIy at once T. C. HALL, Penton street, Sheffield*

pHONOGRAPHS.—Agente wanted; wholesale lists free. 1- —GRAMA.PRONE BX(IHANGE, 5, Bond street, Hull.

\ATANTBD Particulars: Homes for Guests, Invalids. Chit dren. Ap‘rtments.—TUßNEß, 168, Piccadilly, London.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMIC Writing, Copying; cash easily earned; send stamped envelope.—HAßPEl3, 9, Whitworth Place, Plumstead.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLS HILL School, Middleton Junction, Manchester.— ..AL Wanted, Two Art. 50'e: mixed: £4 o £6o.—Apply HEAD MASTER

===== 0002601_19030829_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
AATANTRD,.FITIBILS. TURNERS alid IMPROVERS or Pip-fitter, also Apprentice.—NoesuN WHITLEY Ellesmere Port.

WANTICD HODIRS for Guests. Students, Invalids Cblldren ; Apartments, Houses.—TURNER'S, 168 .F1,3ca41l ly, London.

I,FOLESKINS, sound, dry, square, 21 per doz, and postage pad by return, Mention this paper,—BAKEß, Tanner,Chard.

nONFECTIOSNRY. —WANTHD, YOUNG- LADY, to learn high-class business ; terms moderate,—Mrs. OGDEN, 121, King street, Oldham

Ar BITERS WANTbD, Copying Work; lbs. and upwards VV earned in spare time. Send stamped address to SOVELDoN, 2, Fleet street, Hull.

WANTRD. a STRONG LAD for farm work; able to milk and make himself generally useful.—Apply WATERWORTH. Gidlow Farm, Wigan.

ti AIRDRESSER.—WANTED a YOU rH, good Shaver. to IJ learn Boardwork, and wher branches of the business. —Apply, Box 33, Examiner Office, Warrington.

rIASH EASILY EARNED —Genuine indoor writing, no NJ canvassing ; stamped address for particulars.—ElDLEY, Rothbury terrace, Heaton, Newcastie•on-Tyne.

QHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING OFFICE . VA.CANCY occurs for PUPIL.—Apply MANAGERESS, B. Podmore & Co., Bewsey Chambers. Warrington.

WATER CASKS. eD sizes and shapes, in splendid condii tion. low pries.—Apply GILBERT AND JOHN GRERNALL TD., The Distidery, Bridge-street. Warrington.

RELIABLII industeal assurance and other Clans7assers may materially increase their income by applying by letter to Mr. MURRAY. 181, Victoria street. Lon( on, S.W.,

A GBNTS WANTED immediately ; either se'; splendid !I income for pushing people. New Artiele, wanted every- where; no trouble to sell.—J. E. amiti.ow, Scholar Green, Cheshire.

HOME WORK by the quickest and latest improved Harrison Knitting Vtachines. Highest wages earned. Lists free. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE C0..LTD.,48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

4 GENTS WANTED FOR PARKINEON'S PHOTO- GRAPHP SPECIALITIES. Full or spare time. Male cr female.—Apply PARKINSON'. Photographer, Queen's Gardens, Warrington.

AG"Ts (Ladies or Gentlemen) WANTED in every town tot ,e Orders for Pottrait Colouring. Liberal com- mission.— tddress The COLOUR PHOTOGRAPH Co., 17 Eden Grove, Ho.loway road, London.

-10TTAG14 WANTHD, rent or purchase. one to ten acres lJ good land,sultable for dairy and fruit growing. would purChise stock, state nearest railway station.—DlMMOßE, 449 Dudley road, Wolverhampton.

QTAGE.—Adr. NORMAN V. NORMAN cm receive a few ladies 0 and gentlemeu into his repertoire company of high-class modern and costume plays on tour as pupils; moderate pretrium.—Brixt on Theatre. London, O.W.

PODERSONS OF EITHER SEX REQUIRED for a simple process of tinting prints, postcards, at home; easily acquired, good ptices.—Particulars addressed envelope, ART Co., 6 Great James's street, London, W.C.

CORN MILL.—WANTBD ACTIVII MAN for provender Mill near Manchester. One used to dressing stones preferred. Wages 24e. Address stating age, experience to.. to "COMMERCIAL "4, fixaminer " Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HOURLY LODGINGS for one or two young Men, no ohildren.—Apply 17, LEGH STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHPORT.—APARTNIHN'TS with or without bosrd cyclists accom,—Xtrs MTNERYME, 13,134 th stmear Prom

===== 0002601_19030829_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RHYL.—Apanments kwitti Or WlLilurtlt board), tuL minutes from sea ; moderate terms.—Amos,9, Badfor at.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ro LET. good Shop 4, Bridge-street. Earlestown—Apply 1. W. A. PROUD, 22, Lovely-lane, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
T. CLARKE, STAMONRit AND NIIWSAGENT. "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET. BARLESTOWN.

GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY, FANCY GOODS, ME SCREENS, PURSES, ALBUMS _ _

PICTURE-FRAMING. BOOK-BINDING. ! AND PRINTING

DONE TO ORDER AGENT TOE THB WESLEYAN GENERAL aSSURANOE SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 29, 1903.

I3iisrellanous, en oalts, cu.

glisrellanous, lan Amits, et%

-DHINTING, Commercial, Artistic, Good work, low prices. —HknouLks Pus, 230 Hornsey road, London.

&alo hp Ratan.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
PATCHWORK. lb° lovely new silks and velvets, Is 4d.— MEEKE & Co., Glencoe House,london Road, Wembley.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
iNVOHOGRVPHOSIS, eczema, ringworm cured, advice kl free, remedies 13d. B. H. SEAL. Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
131:10NOGRAPHS. Agents wasted, whelesale lists free. J. GRAMGPBONE EXCHANGIR 5, Bond a; reef, Hull.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

csi ANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers kJ well. " After one dressing I found 135 dead next morn- ing."—J. ELM., Heisthorpe. Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. Comc, Farmer. Eillesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with It."—O. WILSON, Offord.—Send Is 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St,3eo4. old by Chemists. ,

FCR SALR. VERTICAL .-ITEA.M BOILER, sft 61n by 31t also Steam Engine, 81n st oke, 51n cylinder one Wrought-iron Tank. eft 61n by 2ft Bin deep large qnautity of Wrought and Cast Iron Piping, from lin. upwards : one Bean-splitting machine, by Richmond and Chandler ; quantity of New and Second-hand Strapping, various widths. —Cam. HOLDEN, Weir street, Blackburn. Telephone 695.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Igirses, garriacmc ?Übe *tuft, Scr

===== 0002601_19030829_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
HARCOURVS

PENNYROYAL, STEEL AND TANSEY PIUS, TEE BEST REMEDY FOR ILL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES 1/li, 2/9, 4/6, POST FREE 25. OXFORD GARDENS. KENSINGTON, W. DELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS Printed, Bound, numbered, and Perforated to Order. lIXAMINER PRINTING WORKS JOHN WALKER AND CO., B fWSEY STREF. . WARRINGTOY ICK RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS C.) Printed. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS.

PROGRAMMES FOR SALES:OF WORE.

ROGRAMMES FOB OIREES.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY

In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been BSTABLISHRD UPWARDS OF THIRTY YRARS, and is, formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone the total amount lent by him

===== 0002601_19030829_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Monty,

===== 0002601_19030829_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
OANS, prompt, £lO and upwards.—Apply GOULD, 411, _.l_l Monk's ;toad, Winchester ; and Bishopsgate, Guildford.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEEDED £1,250,000:!

We has received lIUNDINDS OP UNSOLICIVID LBTTliltd OF THANK 3 and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses. terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired, will be supplied PREIC OP 01-1A.1V144, on application, either personal/vor by letter, to .

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, CoUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, :LIVERPOOL OR To THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20 KENNEDY-STERET,MANCHESTIM

===== 0002601_19030829_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
eb urattan.

iTPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING SOHLOoL FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D S REIVNARD. B.A.

WARWICK FIOUSH SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Pyle, Black- pool ; excellent education ; happy home ; sea and country air.—Principal, Miss RooknsoN.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

AUGUST 29th 1903.

THE poet of the Seven- THE MUDDLERS. oaks election enjoined the voters in that divi- sion to support" the present muddlers" rather than fly to muddlers that they knew not of. Even this contented person's mind might be changed by the reading of the Report of the Royal Commis- sion on the War in South Africa. It is impossible to believe that any sort of Government, whatever degree of incompetence it might exhibit, could make such a criminal mess of things as was made by the existing administration before and during the South African War. The Report is a docu- ment of a rather mild character. The Commis- sioners have evidently wished to save the face of the Government as much as possible. They have not desired to make the war once more a burning question, and therefore they have trod delicately. But the facts are such as speak for themselves,and they exhibit his MAJESTY'S present advisers in such a predicament as must be painful even to their keenest critic. The Government won the last General Election on the khaki issue. It contrived to create the impression that it was do- ing very well in a difficult situation, and that no- body else could be trusted either to conduct the war or to bring it to a conclusion. For the earlier blunders and calamities it very skilfully cast the blame on others, and particularly on the Intelli- gence Department. Ministers pretended that they had not been informed. Mr. BALFOUR was sur- prised that the Boers were mounted; Sir MATTHEW WHITE RIDLEY was astonished that they possessed guns; Lord SALISBURY wished to be informed how he and his colleagues could possibly be expected to note that munitions of war had been sent over in piano-cases. Either this was pretended ignorance or it was criminal ignorance. The Intelligence Department had not failed in its duty. It had sent in the fullest possible particulars about the Boers and their preparations. Lord WOLSELEY, also, without being two insistent, had dealt faith- fully with the Government as to the force that would be required if the negotiations with the Boers should result in war. But the reports of the Intelligence Department were hot attended to, and for political, which means party, reasons, the money that was declared in August, 1899, to be necessary for the despatch of 10,000 men was not provided. The Intelligence Department reports do not even seem to have been read by the res- ponsible Minister. Lord LANSDDWNE Says they were never officially ',communicated to him, and it is to be assumed that whatever is not officially communicated does not exist. When we were on the very brink of war the Government failed to make good a deficiency of stores which was reported both by the Admiralty and the Army Board. There was no plan of cam- paign; there was no adequate preparation of any kind; there was no belief among Ministers that the country had anything serious in hand. They thought that we were about to frighten President KRUGgR by shaking a few bayonets in his face. The calculation was that the army would be back again at home to eat its Christmas dinner. But these absurd miscalculations were not made through lack of warning. It was in 1897,tw0 years before the outbreak of the war, that Lord WOLSELEY foretold tile peril in which Ladysmith

===== 0002601_19030829_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
would be placed in the event of hostilities. I 0 June, 1899, he estimated the number of troops that would be required in a certain emergenc9.? and he recommended the mobilisation 01 an Army Corps and a cavalry division Oil Salisbury Plain. Two months later he recom- mended the despatch- of 10,000 men. 1311 the Government attended to nothing. It merely loitered and muddled and trusted to luck. It had been accurately informed as to the probable extent of the Boer forces, yet when the war broke out it had only 22,000 troops in South Africa, where it afterwards had to send over 400,000. One hundred millions of pounds sterling, one of the Coma'ssioners thinks, knight have been saved over the war if the Government had spent money a little more freely at first. But the neglect of adequate preparation for a war which Ministers now assure us was inevitable was deliberate. It Ras coincident with the neglect of the safety of the nation. Lord LANSDOWNE had to confess to the Commission that "we were notsufficiently prepared,even for the equipment of the comparatively small force which we had already contemplated might be employed beyond the limits of this country in the initial stages of a campaign." Why were we not prepared for this "comparatively small" task ? There were political reasons. The fact was that the [Government which came in on the cordite vote dared not face Parliament and tell the truth. It preferred to take at haphazard all the risks of whab afterwards turned out to be a war almost as des- tructive of life as that in the Crimea, and wore than twice as costly. It is now clear enough whY Mr. CHAMBERLAIN sprang his new Fiscal policy 01:1 the country. He knew that this report Wes coining out. He knew what it would contain, sod he %oped to sweep it away in the flood of his "raging and tearing campaign." But the Repo will not be swept away. With all its mildness (4 tone, it is a terrible indictment against an incoar potent Government, and a Government that Was worse than incompetent. A nation which would support such an Administration as the present in face of the Rtiport on the war would deserve all the calamities that even such Ministers as LOrd LANSDOWNE are capable of producing.

Mr. Chamberlain's proposals, so far as they have been made public, have received a rude rebuff sw the hands of the sturdy Argyllshire electors. There hs.s been a big change in the complexion of this constituency, no less than eleven hundred votes having been transferred from the Tory to the Liberal side, giving Mr. Ainsworth the smashieg majority of 1586. One does not need to look for the reason. Mr. Chamberlain's preferenti tariff policy was the piece de resistance betweell the two candidates,whose views were as far divide as the poles. The result is positively startling: and must go down badly with the master o' Highbury, who could not have expected his call- paign to open so inauspiciously. The food tax,as " Star " graphically put the case, is being “snovis, under," and if th 3 fall continues at the preseav rate, there is very poor prospect of the tax ever being dug out. Bye-eletions are the pulse of WE:, people, and the violent throb in Argyllshire canoo' fail to make a big impression. There has been o°, change in the personnel of the electorate—alms:A; exactly the same number of people voted—bi-': there ;has obviously been a sweeping change (31' opinion. Liberalism and Free Trade have clearli caught the flowing tide, and it bodes ill for al advocates of Protection at the approaching generw election.

Passive resistance is increasing—shall we say. jIl strength ?—all over the country. It is also corniot nearer home. There have been prosecutions, sales by auction after distraint for non-payment, , the education rate, at places so adjacent as Altrl cham, San ibach and Frodsham. A Oiti2011"„ League, for passive resistance to the Act has bee" formed in Warrington, and also in St. Eleitt and we may reasonably expect some of the rae7,„ hers to figure shortly in the local police courr, That they will not shirk such an ordeal is certsll3o "Passive resistance " may sound rather mild, Ile it is indicative, nevertheless, of an unalterab, determination not to be taxed in order to supn sectarian teaching in the elementary schools. Tb!, powerful weapon, the Nonconformist consciee'' is being gradually but menacingly raised aloft.

The people of Warrington will have an oPP2r, tunity on Saturday next (September sth), vluef a fancy dress parade and carnival will take placeP°l contributing towards the funds of the 110,60 National Lifeboat Institution. It is six Ye3`b since a similar appeal was made, and althoog.. there have been many appeals in the meantime f' re war funds and local charities, it may, we think, II safely assumed that the Warrington public vg. id respond handsomely to the appeal which is beg* made. Trade in Warrington has been far frt good this year, and the pockets of the people 5 not as well lined as could be wished still there is reason to hope that the Wm-- of the Lifeboat Institution will not allowed to materially suffer. The institution solely on the voluntary contributions of all class—f throughout the country for the maintenance its great life-saving fleet. When it is remember% that there are 288 of the institution's lifeboat? °L; the shores of the United Kingdom and that elro its establishment in 1824 no fewer than lives have been saved, some idea of the exteotZo this great rescue work "for those in peril on sea" will be obtained. The whole of the moi3e,fs raised by Lifeboat Saturday demonstrations e, devoted entirely to the payment of lifeboatle and grants to their widows and children. 110 local committee is doing its best to make 0? Saturday's demonstration a success, and havi7o done their duty well, it will be for the onlooke to do likewise.

The monthly meeting of the Town Council "„r be held on Tuesday evening, when, among otll6, items, the appointmont of the three Conol:ri sioners to represent the Corporation at the ioqu'd. into Municipal Trading, will he brought forwsrbe This important matter was brought before General Purposes Committee on Monday, Int,se there was only a small attendance,and most of ted present were Non-Traders,the question was referro to the Council. We hone the Council will' the Tuesday,refer it back to the Committee,unleas.cied three gentlemen have been practically (Wino upon. If names are to be brought ur Council and and discussed seriatim until a final be tion is arrived at, the proceedings will not Or:11;th° protracted but, quite possibly, unseemlY bargain. The nomination of the Commisio,,,`Tw is unquestionably a matter for the General,' ale poses Committee. All that is required °'we Council is confirmation of the nominatiofls. der° presume this is a tnattPr in which the:Non-Tr/%0 will take no part. They can hardly, in V8,1;1 select their own throe Commissioners an° have a voice in the appointment of the Corps' tion nominees.

the After lying on tha shelf for some tinie, to public bowling green question has been brouge" the front in practical form. The Town Han, F`ive and Baths Committee, a somewhat conserve"ef body, has taken a step considerably in advance II anything done here!ofore,by ordering the Boroote Surveyor to prepare a plan and estimate for !go, construction of a public bowling grheoe3 and by further instructing the suitabl gardener to report on the of the land near the entrance to Victoria 13.8, of This particular plot of land has been the ohjePrts solicitous attention for some time, and the eli.°„ecl of a number of Corporatioa workmen have it from a swamp to a firm piece of ground' sug:ite, tively like a bowling green in embryo. Tbeait in our opinion, is too near the road, tulles' -

===== 0002601_19030829_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-J

===== 0002601_19030829_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
tended to make it a little more private by the substitution of something less open than the Present spiked iron railing. This is only a small matter, however, and the large number of trundlers in the town will doubtless be gratified that a bowling-green scheme is well under way. Some credit is due to the Trades Council for keeping the matter before the attention of the Town Council, and they will doubtless take quite a fatherly Interest in the prospective new green.

Warfare has broken out again, and the London •and North-Western Railway Company have made 'a side attack on Arpley cannons, which the Cor- poration are manfully resisting. The Town Clerk ••reports that the Railway Company have inserted lin the agreement relating to Arpley-road a condi- tion "that when called upon the Corporation shall reroove the guns opposite Arpley Station." This condition is naturally objected to, and we are sure that the objection will be supported by everybody in Warrington. Arpley, without the cannons, would be like " Hamlet" minus the Prince. They have stood in their present suitable position for nearly half a .century—since 1858, we believe,—and are not only Objects of interest, but, a distinct ornament to a station noticeable for nothing more than its gloom • and ugliness. Why the Railway Company should desire to get rid of these relics of Sebastopol, we "nnot imagine, unless they have some big exten- 'lions in view. A considerable increase in station accommodation and conveniences might possibly be looked upon—even in Warrington—as a reason- able excuse for moving the cannons, but unless the ca.use is adequate, the objection to any interference with Arpley cannons will most certainly be of a 'determined character.

The air has been full of complaints about the unsettled weather for some time past, but the members of our local police force have special cause to feel aggrieved. Continuous rain caused them to postpone their annual sports a week ago. but to their thagrin the conditions on the second -day selected were almost as bad. There wtts not much inducement to spectators to gather in strong force and the hopes of the promoters for a record attendance were dashed to the ground. The most regrettable feature is that the funds of deserving institutions will suffer, but the policemen, who Worked indefatigably to arrange a successful meeting, will have the consolation of knowing that they are in no way to blame. We can only wish them better luck nest year.

The Warrington Board of Guardians is engaged in the solution of he accommodation difficulty at Fie Workhouse. The returns show that the num- ,°;3r.of Persons seeking refuge in "the evening of mum days"under the roof of this vast hall of Poverty is steadily increasing. This is perhaps _ 3' a natural result of the increased population of the district, and is not an alarming feature in itself. It is a difficulty, however, which has to be faced, and the Guardians have shown no disposi- tlon to shirk their duty. A committee has carefully considered the matter, and it will be some relief to sorely-oppressed ratepayers to learn that an easy and inexpensive means 11" been devised to meet the difficulty. When the hospital patients were removed to the new Union Infirmary they left behind them an old hospital block of buildings which had done excellent service for a long number of years. It is new proposed to "do up" these premises—to use the phrase of the Guardians—and provide accom- Paodation for 40 additional beds for the ordinary Workhouse inmates. The cost will be i compara- tivel- y small, and the only addition to the staff s the appointment of a "handy-man." This gentle- is not one who will come under the descrip- tion of the "handy man in navy blue," but he is to be provided with a working suit and a duty suit nevertheless, and will be called upon to do odd Jobs about the workhouse such as glazing, painting and plumbing. Tradesmen in this particular line Will hardly relish the idea of such an appointment and expsession was given to their views during the discussion on Wednesday. The appointment •of the" handy-man" was made all the same.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS. .Coming Events. • The anaiversary services in connection with Silver- street Day School will be held in Bewsey-road Wes- leyan Church to-morrow (Sunday) when the preacher -- will be the Rev. J. Agar Beet, of Richmond College, formetly of Warrington. A. musical servi cc in the afternoon will be presided over by Mr. E. J. Guest, and Mr. C. E. Parker will deliver_ an address. His Lordship the Bishop of Shrewsbury (Right Dr. Allen) will hold an ordination to the priest- flood at St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church; Latchford to-morrow (Sunday) morning.' At Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church to- .,Morroty (Sniiday) the pastor's anniversary will be kept. There will be a musical service in the after- noon when the Warrington Male Voice Choir will give selections. The Rev. J. Gardham Reed will preach at the morning and evening services. The Mayoralty. A special meeting of fie Town Council will be held (.:11,. Monday, the 21st September, for the selection of -`layor for the ensuing year. ROY'S Leg Broken at Stockton Heath. 4, A boy named John Fisher suddenly left the footpath cross Old London-road, opposite St. Thomas's ,kanirch, last Saturday when the horses of a passing 'bus fuocked him down and the heavy vehicle passed over uis leg. He was conveyed to Dr. Parker's surgery Warrington the broken limb was attended to. warrington Deserters. James Wilson, Hugh Macauley, and Robert Gamble, • ‘l,llO admitted that they were deserters "from the South ancashire Regiment stationed at Orford Barracks, Were at Bolton on Monday ordered to await an escort. • State of Trade in Warrington. The continued slackness of trade in the town is eal'sing distress in some 'quarters. The operatives ,at Messrs Armitage and Rigby's mill are still working four days per week and in some of the iron works' men are on short time. The effects of this trade ‘_lepression are not as keenly felt in Warrington as in 40Me Lancashire towns owing to the variety of in- t..l..t!stries which are carried on here. Works Fatality. r Joseph Burrows, 70 years of age, residing in New- 2ad, Latchford, died at 9 o'clock last • evening as the esult of a hoist ilccident which happened at the Works of Messrs. J. A. Edelsten and Son, pin mann- ictures, Kmitsford-road, between 12 and 1 o el.ock on Thursday afternoon. His injuries included 81I1iple fracture of the right leg and a compound ilTeture of the left leg. waPrington Grammar School. cAt the recent Oxford local examination only fourteen k,farlimar School candidates were sent in, and all passed. ytwjegards the separate subjects. none failed in tw"ternatics or French. Only one failed in Latin and :11 religious knowledge. English and Greek. The ldual successes appeared last week. lhe County Precept.—Cost of the Education Act. w.A-,t the meeting of Leigh Board of Guardians on euntsday a precept was produced for the county amounting to nearly ;£9,000, or 0,500 more than e corresponding period last half-year. The Education e, was responsible for £2.800 increase, and a motion Zf:t./nade that the purposes for which the rate is levied Indicated on the demand notes to show this. The "f()Posal was, however, ruled out of order. 'School Attendance in Rural Districts. za_ ollleetflg olll..the Warrington Union School Attend- ee Committee was held in the Board Room at the Wednesday morning. Mr. Thomas Lizalt°n uresided.—The Clerk (Mr. J. C. Sutton) inti- a-`ll;itt:d that that was one or the last meetings of the he,i,°ritY, if not the last meeting. Up to the present f„t'ad not heard -tram the County authority which, in would deal with school attendanc in rural rnit rtet• He was inclined to think that the Com- thetee would shortly be relieved of the duties which verY4_,l2ad it,ef; iIY U ely that this area in the Warrington nion, discharged for many years past. It was woulthrlg Newton. Haydock, Great Sankey and Bold, cl be placed under fresh control.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
The Town Council.

The monthly meeting will be held on Tuesday even- ing, when, in addition to the matters mentioned in our leader columns, various Non-Trading members will ask questions concerning the expenditure on secondary education, the small-pox hospital at Sankey, and the Dolph-lane' pumping contract. The business postponed from the previous meeting will also be transacted. Music. in the Park.

Walker's Brewery Band will play the following programme in the Park to-morrow (Sunday) after- noon ;—Hymn, "Warrington," Harrison; march, "Great Guns," Jubb ; selection, "Lyric Garland," Round; song, "The Lost Chord," Sullivan; (solo, Flugel, D. Mahoney;) overture, "Prince and Peasant," Round; selection, Casket of gems," -Round ; "God save the King." Forthcoming Prize Distribution.

Under the auspices of, the Education Committee, the prize distribution in connection with the Technical Institnte and Pupil Teachers' Classes will take place in the Gyinnasium, Palmyra-square, on Friday even- ing next.. Mr. F. Monks, J.P., (chairman of the Education Committee) will distribute the prizes, and the chair will be taken by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. Charlton Parr, J.P.)..

A GOOD ItsomiTioN.—Wear ALF TAYLOR'S Wonderful Boots.—Advt. Warrington _Ragged School and Mission.

On Sunday last the annual flower services were held in the above mission. In the afternoon at 2.30 the Rev.D. R. James,curate of St. Peter's presided over a good • number of children, and gave a very nice address. In the evening at 6.30 the speaker was Mr. H. Gray. Special music was given at each service by the children. On Monday evening those children who had brought flowers were eatertamed to tea by the committee.

Fatal Fall Downstairs. Arr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, conducted an inquest at the Police Station on ,Tuesday touching the death of William John Cadlip,s2, years of age,a crane driver, who resided at 230, Winwick-road. —The evidence showed that last Friday night deceased was retiring to bed when he fell downstairs. He did not appear Much worse for the accident and slept on the sofa, in the kitchen during the night. The following morning his wife came downstairs and found him lying unconscious on the floor. Dr. Ferguson attended him and he was afterwards removed to the Infirmary, where he died on Saturday night.. —A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFS TONIC is the KING OE' TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Bands Successful. Two local bands competed at a contest held in Con- nection with the Ellesmere Port and. Whitby Horti- cultural SoCiety'slShow on Saturday. The test piece was a selection entitled "A Casket of Gems." There were ten conapetitors,and the awards were as follows :- 1, Ellesmere Port Public Band ;2, .Tranmere Gleam Band; 3, Penketh Tannery Band; 4, Crosfield's Soap Works Band.

BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER the CLOCK.—Advt.

Another Fire Alarm.

There was another alarm of fire on Monday after- noon but fortunately the flames were extinguished with little difficulty. It was about half-past four when information reached the Fire Engine Station of an outbreak at the British Workman refreshment rooms. A detachment_ of men under the direction of Superintendent Turner was quickly on the scene with a steam fire engine. It was at once seen that the engine would not be required and with the aid of a hose pipe the fire was soon put out. It is stated that a beam inside a flue became ignited and but for the prompt measures taken to deal with it the fire might have been a serious one.

UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD BOOTS.—Advt, Shop Gutted In Fennel-street.. - The lock-up shop of \lr. 11. AkKeon, grocer and provision dealer, 30, Fennel-street. was practically. destroyed by fire on Sunday morning. Shortly after 4 o'clock P.C. Dyson discovered the outbreak andigave the alarm. The fire brigade, under the command of Superintendent and Deputy-Superintendent Turner, quickly turned out with the engine "Major," but upon their arrival the flames had obtained a firm hold. Efforts were at once made to prevent the fire from spreading to adjoining property, and in this the fire- men were succoisful. The shop and several other rooms were completely gutted, but the damage, which is estimated at £3OO, is covered by linsurance. flow the fire originated is a mystery.

. , FOR CLASS AND CHINA. of every nescription try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and • 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Juvenile Rechabites' Picnic. • The members of the Jonaelab Juvenile Tent (which is held at Brick-street Mission, Brick-street) along with the Superintendent, B. Warburton, J. Shaw,. J. Thorniley, W. Bradshaw and Secretary (T. Bibby) journeyed to Frodsham on Saturday last by the 12.30 train from Bank Quay Station.. The members turned up in full force and after participating in the various amusements on Mersey View were provided with a good tea out of the Tent funds. The day was all that could be desired, with the exception of a sharp shower just after tea, and all seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves, getting back to Warrington about 7.30 p.m. thoroughly tired.

PIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt.

The Orford Ward Election. • Mr. Fred Stott, the labour candidate, is quietly prosecuting his candidature in Orford Ward and has received many promises of support. An open-air meeting was to have beef.' held on Wednesday evening but owing to the rain this could not take place. A meeting is advertised to take place this (Saturday) evening on the Fair Ground (Orford-lane.) The chair will be taken by Mr. J. Edwardson, president of the Warrington Trades Council and the speakers will include Mr. J. W. Morrissey (elective auditor for Liver- pool), and Mr. Stott (the labour candidate for Orford Ward). Councillor Peacock is the retiring councillor for this Ward next November, and an additional vacancy is caused by the retirement of Councillor Upson from the Council.—The Municipal Non-Trading Committee has not taken any definite steps iu the. matter. up to the present.

LADES EST GLACE BOOTS and SIDES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRIT/ GE-STREET.—AcIut- Independent Order of Good Templars. . .

The quarterly session of the South-West Lancashire District Lodge was held on Saturday at Tuebrook, representatives being present from all parts of the district, Warrington I was :Well represented. The D.C.T. (Rev. J. A. Lee) presided. The Chairman's report dealt with a number of matters. including the fact that a lodge has been recently instituted .in Liberia as the result of the initiation of the . Chief Justice of Liberia, the Hon. Z. B. Roberts, when he was visiting .Liverpool. The reports of the D. Sec. (Bro. Morris Jones) and the D.S.J.T. (Bro. FL Newman) showed considerable activity, several new branches having been opened. Electorial matters were dealt with by the D.E.S. A resolution to the effect ,that the Grand Lodge be petitioned to alter the date of meeting from Easter week until the first week in August was introduced bv the "Temperance Mission" Lodge, Warrington, and after discussion, carried. It was decided to hold the November session at War- rington. In the evening a public meeting was held, presided over by the Rev. J. Rowland Parker. The following resolution was adopted, viz :—" That inasmuch as the Justices of the .Peace have for 350 years been entrusted with the powers of refusing in the public interests to continue or .renew publicans' licences, this meeting declares its nnconpromising opposition to every attempt, direct or indirect, to create a vested interest in liquor licences as being Vicious in principle and injurious to the public welfare which it is the duty of all citizens to safeguard and maintain." Speeches were delivered' by the Rev. J. A. Lee and Messrs. M. Jones, G. 13: Walker, and G. S. Schofield.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art

shades.—J. S. GA.RLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

A NEW SWEET BISCUIT.

"C 0 RN F LO U R."

DAINTY IN DESIGN.

DELICATE IN FLAVOUR.

MODERATE IN PRICE.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030829_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,:orr

===== 0002601_19030829_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday August 29, 1903, WARRINGTON POLICE SPORTS.

Successful Music Student. At the Eisteddfod held at Prescot last Saturday Miss Gertrude Blair L.L.C,M., pupil of Mr. C. H„ Dawson, A.L.C.M„ L.V.C.A., 28, Arthur-street, War- rington was successful in obtaining the first prize for pianoforte playing. She is only 15 years of age. Personal. We regret to learn that Mr. James Deas, Borough Water Engineer, is confined to the house with a severe attack of illness.

The Rev. J. H. G-. Hollingworth, vicar of St. Barnabas' Church, preached at Ashton on-Mersey on Sunday morning and at Manchester Cathedral in the evening on behalf of the National Society.

• Mr. —H. Taylor P.C.H., has rec,.eived from the Transvaal Relief. Committee a beautifully illuminated and framed copy of the resolution Passed by the lam- mittee thanking him for his long and untiring services during the war on behalf of the wives, children and dependents of soldiers serving in South Africa. The resolution is signed by his Worship the Mayor, and bears Mr. Parr 's photograph and also portraits of Colonel Ridgway, Captain Appleton and Major Roome. PUBLIC BENEFILT, UNDER the CLOCK BEST for BOOTS in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Warrington and the Late Lord Salisbury.

The fla—gs at the Conservative Clubs have been floating at half mast this week as a mark of respect to the late Lord Salisbury. Many years ago his Lord- ship passed through the Central Station, Warrington, on his way to Liverpool where he had promised to address an important political meeting. The local Conservatives decided to present him with an address and, in the presence of a large number of persons who had assembled on the platform, it was handed to him through the carriage window by the late Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. Lord Salisbury made no speech, briefly thanking Sir Gilbert for presenting the address.

You C.A.NNOT DO BETTER! Buy your bQots and shoes at ALE. TAYLOR'S. Cheapest and best town. The Latchford Drowning Fatality. In the presence of many sorrowing relatives and friends the funeral of John Handford. Corbett (9), of Belmont-avenue, Latchford, who was drowned in the Bridgewater 'Canal, last week, near Black Bear Bridge, and of John Flodgeson Wilson (10), of 6, Lyon-street, who was drowned while attempting to rescue Corbett, took place on Saturday afternoon. An impressive service was held. at the Latchford Wesleyan Chapel, the Dead March in "Saul" being played on the organ by Mr. Ditchfield, after which the funeral cortege, which was headed by a number of day. and Sunday school Scholars, proceeded on its way to Warrington. On arrival at Warrington Bridge the body of Corbett 'was taken on to St. Thomas's Churchyard, Stockton Heath, where it was interred, while the remains Of the little hero, Wilson, were laid to rest in the cemetery. Hundreds of people witnessed the funeral ptocession, and much sympathy was expressed for the bereaved parents. ASK for CUNNENGHAM'S HIGH-CLASs NIINERA.L WATERS.—Advt. An Interesting Roman Tablet.

In view of the many Roman discoveries at Wilders- pool by Mr. T. lay, -it will be of interest to our readers to learn that some months ago a Roman altar, in a good state of preservation, was found by the Tyne Commissioners' workmen in the bed of the river at Newcastle,.near the site of the ancient Roman bridge. Their operations have now brought to light a tablet of grey millstone grit, which is flawless, and on which there is =inscription, of which the follow- ing is a translation :—" To the Emperor Antoainas August Pius and Father of his Country. This work is done by detachments of the Second Legion Auzust,of the Sixth Legion Victorius,and Second Legion Valeria Victrix." The author of the tablet is recorded upon it as Julius Verias of the Augustan Legion and Pro- prcetor." The discovery has occasioned. considerable interest among northern antiquarians

H. M. ASHTON'S Lurg TOMO is the KENO OF ToNtcs.-133, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Choir Trips.

The animal excursion in connection with the choir pf the Sacred Heart took place on Saturday, Belle Vue !being visited. The party left the Central Station by the 1.55 train, and on arriving at Manchester visited the different places of interest, afterwards taking the tram for Belle Vue. Here tea was served at half past .four, after which sails on the lake and the" Ocean wave," and an inspection of the gardens, followed bk a dance, enabled the time to pass pleasantly away un- til dusk, when. the fireworks display was witnessed. The choir returned to Warrington at 10.45, thanks being dile to Mr. J. Gibbins for his excallent arrange- ments. The choir of the Legh street Primitive Methodist Chapel held their annual picnic at Chester on Saturday. After walking round the walls of the city the merhbers journeyed by steamboat up the river to Eccleston Ferry, where tea was partaken of. The choir afterwards rendered several partsongs for which they were heartily encored, and publicly thanked by all the andience assembled in the large dining room. A: visit was paid to Eaton Hall, and there the choir sang a glee near the gates. As the last boat was missed, the members were compelled to walk,reaching Chester in time for the, 9.10 train arriving at Warrington about 10: The arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by the choirmaster Mr. Albert Spruce. The Pedestrian Craze. Another walking contest took place on the outskirts of Warrington on Saturday evening.' The competitors were ,: Jones. and W. Clayton, the route being through Stretton, Whitley, Daresbury, and Hatton to Appleton Thorn, each competitor to wheel a barrow. There was a special prize given for the best decorated barrow, the prize being awarded to J. Jones. After the judging of the barrows, which. was kindly under- taken by Miss Britch and Miss Crimes, the competitors faced the starter, Jones beinc, allowed three minutes start of Crayton. Thaiword having been given, Jones started off at a brisk pace, and it was easily seen he meant making the best of the start. Clayton started off smartly, and it was thotight he would overhaul Jones, but the latter stuck to the task, and it was seen at Daresbury that he had the better of his man. Clay- ton contented himself with keeping his rival under the three minutes allowed. Leaving Daresbury rain began to fall heavily, hut each competitor stuck to his task manfully, Jones leading well through Hatton, Stretton, and back to Appleton Thorn. Time: Jones, Ihr. nmin. ; Clayton, lhr. 55.1 min.

ASK for CUNNINGTIA.NeS MINERA. WATERS.r-AdVt..

Mishap to a Funeral Party. A funeral party had a narrow escape from injury on Thursday afternoon owing to the shying of a horse: Shortly before three &Clock three ladies and a youth were being conveyed in a cab to the cemetery, and they had with them in the conveyance a small coffin containing the body of a child. When turning into Afanchester-road from Morley-street the horse attached to the Cab took fright at a passing tramcar. . The driver did his utmost to hold the horse in cheek, but the wheel of the vehicle , getting in a rut, the cab was overturned. The driver was thrown from the__ box and injured_ about the

chest and face. The occupants of the cab .were assisted out of the vehicle, and escaped with nothing more serious than a severe shaking. It is supposed that the step attached to the cab prevented the cab from going entirely over. The party afterwards pro- ceeded on foot to the Cemetery with the coffin, where the interment took place. The damaged vvhicle was taken back to the stables, and another sent to the Cemetery for the conveyance home of the funeral party. GIVE THEM A TRIAL.—ALF. TAYLOR'S wonder- ful boots for everybody. ..( Over 1,000 Miles With a Barrow.

• An extraordinary feat or pedestrianism has been accomplished by James Robinson, of Ba.ttersbylane, who returned to Warrington on Tuesday evening after walking 1,000, Miles with a barrow in twenty days. As may be imagined he was warmly congratulated by numerous friends who had assembled to witness his arrival. Robinson reached Warrington Bridge about eight o'clock, having just walked 52 miles by way of Rainhill, St. Helens, and Wigan. He has walked on an average 50 miles a day for the past 20 days—with the exception of Sundays,- When he rested—and but for a little soreness of his feet he is still comparatively fit and well. He walked in clogs, which were presented to him prior to commencing his .task, and had a light walking attire. During the course of his long tour he has called at Police Stations and shops along the route and obtained signatures to a paper giving the time he passed through various places, and these have been in the possession of Mr Berry, of the Glassmakers' Arms, which place Robin son made his headquarters. Since leaving Warring- ton Robinson has walked to London, . and back and to Sheffield, and back. He has also • toured in the Blackpool district, and has been tollanchester, Wigan, St. Helens and Liverpool. Robinson follows the occu- pation of a labourer, is 54 years of age, and has a amily of ten.

ton (280); 2, R. Massey, Martinscroft (290); 2nd heat., 1, B. Gornall, Walton R.C. (290) ; 2, J. Wright, Lither- land (250); 3rd heat, 1, C. Berry, Walton R.C. (185); 2, P. Ward, Leigh A.C. (290); 4th heat, 1, J. Houghton, Walton R.C. (280); 2, W. Swann, Coronation T.C.C. (250) • sth heat, 1, A. Howard, Sankey H (230); 2, T. Astill, Warrington (260). The prizes were :-Ist, marble clock and bronzes, value £5; 2nd, case of carvers, value £2; 3rd, triple flower vases, value £l.

ONE MILE WALKING HANDICAP (WARRINGTON POLICE

IN UNIFORM). Four competitors—Constables Woods, Whittaker, Nevy, and Tolley—turned out for the one-mile walk. Tolley had 130 yards start from Whittaker, who toed the scratch line, whilst Woods and Newey were each conceded 120 yards. Tolley maintained the lead for several laps, but was eventually overhauled by Woods. The last-named competitor walked in fine style for most of the distance, but towards the close he was seen to "break" several times, and was disqualified although he was the first to breast the tape. The first prize—a six-bottle cruet frame value £2—Went to P.C. Whittaker who walked splendidly from beginning to end. Tolley carried off the second award—a set ofcarvers, value £l. The time was 9mins. 27sec.

ONE MILE FLAT (OPEN). There was a capital turn-out for this event, the com- petitors including C. J. Straw, the well-known long- distance runner. He was very heavily handicapped, and did not distinguish himself with any fine perform- ance. J. H, Roberts, of Widnes (155) was first, C Clhrke, High LEtgh (155), second, and P. F. Crawford, Marylebone (94), third. Prizes :-Ist, silver-plated tea service and rosewood tray. value £5; 2nd, inkstand and flower vase, value £2; 3rd, silvet-plated hot water jug, value

===== 0002601_19030829_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
The Postponed Meeting.

The members of the Warrington police force have been singularly unfortunate this year in experiencing such depressing weather conditions for their 'annual sports. It was disappointing enough to have to post- pone this popular meeting last week because the incessant rain made it quite impossible to carry the events through with any degree of • success. Con- sequently although the arrangements had been com- pleted and everyone was anticipating a record gate it was reluctantly decided to postpone the sports until last Thursday afternoon. Further disappointment was in store for the promoters. Many anxious glances were directed skywards on Thursday morning and the outlook was distinctly unpromising. Early in the afternoon the rain, never so unwelcome, began_ to descend, and for several hours the downpour continued without the slightest abatement. Athletic enthusiasts, however ardent, could hardly be expected to brave the elements on such a day, and the attendance—although it might have been much worse—suffered very con- siderably. It had been hoped that about 6,000 spec- tators would witness the sports, but as it was between 1,500 and 2,000 put. in an appearance. Towards four o'clock the rain cleared off and later the clouds rolled away and there was welcome sunshine. There was a capital entry for the various events, but naturally the wretched weather had the effect of greatly reducing the number of competitors. who actually turned out. In some heats the course had to be covered merely as a matter of form. Owing to the sodden condition of the track, cyclists had to exercise great precaution and several spills occurred. Fortunately no one was seriously hurt.. Local com- petitors acquitted themselves particularly well in the cycle events, much to the satisfaction of the spectators, and the exciting finish in the two mile handicap was quite a feature of the meeting. It can- not be said that the programme was carried through very expeditiously as there was considerable delay between some of the events, and it was a quarter to seven when the final race had been decided. An ac- ceptable diversion was provided in the shape of a military tournament by a detachment of soldiers from Orford Barracks under the direction of • Sergeant Instructors Stamford and Sweeney. The items were submitted with commendable precision and skill and the men are to be complimented upon their exhibition. The following is a complete list of the officials : President : Mr. L. Talbot, Chief Constable ; Vice- President: Detective Superintendent Monaghan; Judges: Councillor D. Tinnion, Messrs. Harvey and Babbitt; Referee and Judge of walking : Mr. Walter Platt, N.C.A.A. ; Marksmen : Messrs. A. Booth, F. Crabtree, D. Wylie and P.C. Robinson; Stewards': Inspector Taylor and Rowbottom, Sergeants Smith and Williamson, Detective Meacock. and Barlow, P.C.'s Newey, Hayes, Stewart, Edwards, and Johnson: Clerks Of Course : Chief Inspector Phillips and P.C. Dennett ; Starter: Mr. T. Wainwright, Salford Harriers ; Secretary : Sergeant W. Evans ; Assistant Secretary: P.C. R. Hodgkiss. A special meed of Praise is due to Sergeant Evans 'who as secretary worked indefatigably to make the arrangements as complete as possible. The proceeds were in Aid of the Warrington Infirm- ary, District Nursing Association, and Police Athletic Club, and it is a matter for regret that such werthy institutions should suffer in consequence of the bad weather. During the afternoon the Borough Band discoursed an excellent selection of music under the conductorship of Mr. T. Griffiths.

100 YARDS FLAT RACE. (CONFINED TO WARRINGTON POLICE.)

As in previous years this interesting event op3ned the sports and a number of our local custodians of the peace had an opportunity of showing their fleetness of foot. There were only eight entries and the race was carried out amid a heavy downpour of rain. S. Andrews, who had 10 yards start, gave a capital account of him- self and breasted the tape first in the final. F. Whittaker the scratch man and a popular and successfal athlete, obtained the second position, A. Wood (14 yards) was third, and A. Newey (83) fourth. The time occupied was 11 2-5 secs. The prizes were :-Ist, 14 days strik-' ing clock, value £2 10s.•' 2nd, case of cutlery, value £1 155.• 3rd, ink stand, value Ll ; 4th, field glasses and case, value 12s. Bd. 220 YARDS FLAT (OPEN TO MEMBERS OF ANY POLICE FORCE.) F. Whittaker was the only Warrington entrant for this event and he experienced hard luck. Although he waS virtually scratch man in his heat he was making splendid headway when he slipped and fell, thus des- troying his chance of securing a prize. rhere was a keen struggle in the final, J. 0. Nadin, of Manchester, P.A.C. running in first. He'vvas about a yai-dinadvance of S. McKay, of Liverpool P.A.S. and only a few inches separated that competitor fromT. Walsh, of Manchester P.A.C. The time recorded was 25 1-ssecs Winners of heats ; Ist heat, 1, T. Walsh. Manchester (11). 2, J. Galvin, Manchester (18). 3, G. H. Morris, Salford (27) ; 2nd heat,l, S. McKay, Liverpool (15), 2 W.G. Wall, Liverpool (15), 3, J. 0. 'Nadin, Manchester (18). The prizes were ;-Ist, gentleman's dressing bag, value £4; 2nd smokers cabinet,,value £2 ; 3rd., silver- mounted biscuit barrel, value Ll. 100 YARDS FLAT (OPEN).

There were 61 entries for this race and a fairly good proportion competed. In the final H.Rawas,Tormorden with. 71yards start, carried roff the premier award, H. Brookfield of Garston (91) being second, and,E. Savage, Orford Barracks (10) third. The time occupied was 10 3-5 secs. The winners of heats were :—.T. H. Hewittson, Barrow-in-Furness, (101), H. Brookfield, Garston (91), J. G. Basketter, Wigan (11), H. Rawes, Tormorden (71), J. G. Glover, Crowtonl (102), E. H. Watkins, Warrington (5:2), J. T. Horan, Warrington (n), E. Savage,Orford Barracks (10),A. Peters Appleton (10) G. Bailey, Warrington (10:1),G. Rimmer St. Helens (10:1) T. Tomlinson Warrington (101), S. Hurdsfield, Crewe, (11). The prizes were :-Ist, rosewood chiming clock and Arab bronzes, value £7 •, 2nd, silver-plated spirit kettle,value £2; 3rd, salad bowl, value Pl. ONE MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP (OPEN). It must have been with some trepidation that the competitors In this handicap entered upon their task. .The track was in a sodden condition and it was antici- pated that spills would be numerous. Happily in this, as in the other cycling races, no serious accident occurred, and spills were comparatively few. In the first heat only two riders turned out and both had the misfortune to be "unhorsed." As both were eligible to compete in the final ispills were •of no consequence. The final was particu larly interesting, as several local competitors wer opposed. T. Astill, a Warrington favourite, once more appeared on the track, but although he won his heat in fine style he was beaten in the final contest. C. Berry, who gives promise oat successful career in the athletic world, was much fancied as the winner. He acquitted himself in a highly creditable manner but had to be content with second place. Another well-known local rider, A. Howard, of Sankey Harriers, obtained the first position and his splendid performance gave great satisfaction to his friends. He won by about two lengths, but only a few inches separated Berry from B. Gornall, of Walton, who was an excellent, third. The time recorded was 3mins. 1 4-ssecs. The following werethe winners of heats :- Ist heat, 1, P. Ward, Leigh (190) ; 2, R. Massey. Martinscroft (190); 2nd heat, 1, B. Gornall, Walton (190) ; 2,11. Mounfield, Warrington (185) ; 3rd heat, 1, J. Houghton, Halton (185) ; 2, W. Johnson, Wigan (185) ; 4th heat, 1, T. Astill, Warrington (170) ; 2, J. Charlesvvorth, Runcorn (170) ; sth heat, 1, C. Berry, Walton R.C, (120) ; 2, A. Howard, Sankey Harriers (150). The prizes were :-Ist, massive silver-plated tea urn, value £5; 2nd, barometer and thermometer combined, value £2; 3rd, silver-plated cheese dish, value El.

100 YARDS FLAT (CONFINED TO WARRINGTON POLICE

IN UNEFORNI.)

Interest in this event was diminished in view of the fact that only three competitors turned out. P.C. Woods (6) won somewhat easily, P.C. Newev (scratch) being second, and Detective Barlow (6) third. The time was 15 1-secs. Prizes :—Silver-plated tea pot, value £1 ; 2nd, biscuit barrel, value 15s. ; 3rd, orna- mental cruet, value 10s. 220 YARDS FLAT (OPEN). . _

„ This race was decided in nine heats, a fair number of the 57 entrants putting in an appearance. The final was hotly contested, J. Moran, a loc%l runner, securing the first place. G. Basketter, of Wigan, was second, and J. H. Hewittson, of Barrow-in-Furness, third; 2-1 4-sth secs. was the time recorded. The winners of heats were :—C. W. Roberts,Sefton (9), J. H. Hewittson, Barrow (17), J. Moran, Warrington (10). G, Bailey,War- rington (17), J. G. BaSketter, Wigan (17), J. W. Inca, Farnworth (11), H. Brookfield. Garston (16),J. T.Lioran, Warrington (131), C. Shaw, Warrington (16). Prizes: —lst, cabinet of cutlery and tea service, value Z:b ; 2nd. silver-mounted oak salad bowl, value ; 3rd, four bottle silver-plated cruet, value .£l. TWO MILES BICYCLE FIANDICAP (OPEN.) • Without doubt, this was the most keenly-contested event of the afternoon. The final was exciting to a degree which quite satisfied the spectators, an excellent pace being maintained from beginning to end. Singular to state, the same riders who carried off the awards in the previous event, were successful in this race which made a still greater call upon their staying powers. The positions, however, were not the same. C. Berry, Who was the most heavily handicapped of the three, forged ahead with perseverance which called forth hearty plaudits and rode in first after a well-fought contest. He was two lengths in advance of A. Howard, of Sankey Harriers,and about a length lay between that competitor and B. Gornall, of Walton R.C. T. Astill made a plucky' effort and came in second in his heat but was unsuccessful in the final. H. Coppack, of Winsford, a well-known rider, took part but was so heavily handicapped that his task was a hopeless one from the outset. The time recorded was fimin. 36 2-ssec. Winners of heats :--ist heat, 1, IL Mounfield, Warring-

===== 0002601_19030829_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZES DISTRIBUTED.

It had been hoped that the Mayoress would perform the pleasing duty of distributing the prizes. but she was unable to atiOnd. The Mayor sent a telegram from Staunton-on-Aftw, regretting his absence and wishing the Warringtnn men success at the sports. Mrs. Talbot distributed the awards to the successful competitors. The CHIEF CONSTABLE delivered a short speech in which he thanked the officials and the committee for their services, and the military detachment for their creditable exhibition. He expressed regret that the weather had been so unfavourable and thanked the public for rallying round the force so well on such an occasion. Mr Talbot also expressed regret that the Mayor and Mayoress were prevented from attending and said that Mrs. James Fairclough, who had kindly distributed the prizes on previous occasions, was unable to be present owing to a so3ial engagement.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. R. A. NAYLOR AND THE - CARNAR VON CONTEST.

THE WORKINGMAN'S "LIFT-UP'.'

At the Conservative Club, Conway, on Tuesday night, a semi-private meeting of Unionists was held to wel- come Mr. R. A. Naylor, the Unionist candidate for Carnarvon Boroughs, and moved a vote of condolence with the family of the late Lord Salisbury. which was seconded by the Hon. FL Lloyd Mostyn and curled. Mr. Naylor, said he came before them to appeal V) the electors in the present crisis in the national history to think not of themselves, not a a party, but of their country. Mr. Chamberlain's scheme would gives, magnificent lift up for the working people, who wanted it at the present time. If Mr. Chamberlain was helped by the country, he would carry out the finest piece of work any statesman could set his hand to ; but if the present opportunity were lost it might never occur again.

The " Political Tramp." Mr. Lloyd George M.P., in a Caustic Mood.

A meeting of the Liberal Associations of the Car- varvon Boroughs was held at Cbrnarvon on Tuesday. Mr. D. Lloyd George, M.P., and Mr. J. H. Whiteley, M.P., were present, and there was a large attendan3e of dele- gates and others. Mr. Lloyd George referring to the political situation said he understood that he was going to be opposed at the nextelection. (Laughter.) The boroughs had re- jected two or three gentlemen, admirable citizens and very highly respected neighbours, not from lack of per- sonal respect, and he did not think the Carnarvon Boroughs would reject him for the first available political tramp—(laughter)---who presented himself at the gates with the only claim for their consideration that some time or other he had occupied a casual ward in some part of the constituency. (Loud laughter and applause.)

===== 0002601_19030829_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The " Naylorian Political Economy."

The "Carnarvon Herald" comments as follows on the candidature of Mr. R. A. Naylor :—" We believe he makes some pretence to being an :iuthority on fiscal matters. But if he is correctly reported by his friends. it is evident he has yet to learn the a b c of Political Economy. If he can give over writing dogged hymns for a few days, he might make an effort to master some elementary•booklet on the science—say, the "Tales" of Harriet Martineau. Hiving mastered this primer,he might then try to nnderstand John Stuart Mill's classic "Prin- ciples,' awl Adam Smith's "Wealth of Nations." As a lighter dish, he might try a stew of what Mr. Chamber- lain slid, about fettering trade, in those cliys before he joined the "gentlemen "—that is to say, the land- owners—" of England." At present, Mr. Naylor is simple-rninied enough to believe that a nation is enriched by sending goods out of the country, and impoverished by goods being brought into the couritry. . . , . . Why do timber merchants, at Warrington and else- where, continue to "ruin the country' by importing deal boards from the Baltic? Will Mr. Naylor under- take to do his share towards stopping this disastrous work? We trow not! There is only one word that cnn adequately describe the Naylorian Political Economy. It is, IFudge."

===== 0002601_19030829_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ARGYLLSHIRE ELECTION. Remarkable Liberal Victory.

The result of the polling for the vacancy in the repre- sentation of Argyllshire, causwi'by the death of Mr. D. N. Nichol, M.P., was declared at Inverary yesterday. The result was declared shortly before two o'clo3k as follows : Ainsworth (L) Stewart (U)

Liberal maiority PREVIOUS. RESULTS.

The figures at the last previous elections were ;

1892. Kr.D. H. Macfarlane (G. L.) Col. J. W. Malcolm (C) .

Liberal majority 1895.

Mr. D. N. Nicol (C) Sir D. H. Macfarlane (G. L.)

Conservative mojority 1900.

Mr. D. N. Nicol (C) 3,834 Mr. J. S. Ainsworth (L) :3,234

Conservative majority

===== 0002601_19030829_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WRITER OF OUR NEXT "SPECIAL"

Mr. John Williams I3enn, who is to write our special article next week on"Munimpal Progre.ss,"is a well-known figure at all gatherings of London Liberals. He had been a Progressive member of tbe London Comity Council since its creation, and has taken an active part in all the great movements which have placed the London County Council in the vanguard of progressive bodies, while the old Corporation of the City of London remains a by-word of Toryism and stagnation. In 1892 Mr. Benn represented St. George's-in-the-East in Parlia- ment, but in 1895 lost his seat to one of the numerous undistinguished Conservatives who won on the cry of Old Ag4.33ensious, &c. . _ _ _ _ _

Britiiin's loss was London's gain, for Mr. Benn could give more time in civic affairs, and iii the same year he became Vice Chairman of the Council.

He is, however, hest known as Chairman of the High- ways Committee of the London County Council,and in that capacity has been instrumental in promoting the present movement all over England in favour of cheap, quick, publicly controlled traction. When it was re- solved a year ago to reconstruct the London Liberal Federation, Mr. Williarn"Benn was unanimously selected as Hon. Secretary, and is devoting himself with his customary energy to'the revival of London Liberalism. Will he succeed? Nous verrons. London certainly needs it.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Death ,of Mr. Peter Weave, of Moore.

• A well-known and much respected inhabitant o f Moore passed away on Tuesday morning in the person of Mr., Peter Gleave, • grocer and provision dealer, who for the past twenty- five years has been sub- postmaster of the . village. The deceased gentleman represented Moore on the Runcorn Board of Guardians and Rural Dis- trict Council, and was present at a meeting of the Guardians- so recently as a fortnight ago. The circumstances\ attending his death were such as, to necessitate an inquest, which was crmductedby Mr. R. Dobson, Coroner, on Wednesday._ —The evidence showed that while building a wall deceased scratched his hand hut thought nothing of it at the time. Subsequently blood-poisoning set in and resulted in his death.--. 1 verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned, and the jury passed a vote of condolence with the relatives.— References to the sad event were made at the meeting of Runcorn Board of Guardians on Tuesday, and on the motion of Mr- J. Stokes, seconded by Mr. S. Woodward, it was decided to forward a letter of sympathy to the relatives.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The Education Rate.

A meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Work house on Tuesday, Mr. Joseph Stokes presiding. There were also present :—The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. S. Woodward, T. Wright, G. Pilling, J. Bolshaw, J. Moseley Williams, W. Mounfleld,S. Taylor, T. Wood, J. Knowles, T. Lea, J. Douglas, C. Roylance, T. Clark, J. Darlington, E. Bretherton, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), T. Cooke, J. Riley and W. de Prez (relieving officers) and J. Ctmnah (master).

TWO LOSSES BY DEATH.

The Chairman said they we,re met under very sad circumstances which had been intensified since he entered the room. Their hearts had all been moved by the great loss they had sustained in the death of their late respected member, Mr. Bradford, who gave a great part of the best of his days for the public welfare. He was known for many years as a member of the old High- way Board at Daresbury and when the change of the law which merged the Highway Board into the District Council took place he became a member of the latter authority. He was with them for some years, but owing to age and infirmities he gave way to his son. He was a man who was always honoured and respected and they would miss him very much. They hoped that for many years his son might fill the position which had been so worthily occupied by his father. Since he entered the room he had heard of the death of one who was present at the last meeting—Mr. Peter Gleave, of Moore. He took an active interest in the affairs of the District Council and the Board of Guardians and he would be very much missed. He moved that letters of sympathy be sent to the bereaved rolatives. Mr. S. Woodward, chairoan of the District Council, seconded and Mr. Moseley Williams supported the motion which was carried in silence, all the members standing.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
SALARY LNC R EAS ED.

The Local Government -Board wrote sanctioning the proposal of the Guardians to increase the salary of Nurse Rea to £2O per annwn.

COUNTY RAZES COLLECTION.

The Clerk of the Knighton (Radnorshire) Union for- warded copy of a resolution passed by his Board on :28tft May as follows :—That the Guardians respectfully inform the County Councils of Radnor, Hereford and Salop that owing to the enormous increase in the county rates the Guardians could not see their way to collect such rates after the expiration of current half-year, and they reqnestthe County Councils to issue their precepts direct to the overseers of each parish in the Union. It was decided that the letter should lie on the table.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOA.RDING ouT OF CHILDREN.

Admiral Jones-Parry had given notice to move that 15 acres of land be purchased as a site for the erection .of Cottage Homes. The Admiral was not present and Mr. Woodward said they had an intimation at the last meeting of the District Council that the question would be indefinitely post- poned. Mr. Wood thought it was a pity that Admiral Parry had allowed the question to drop. He was rather pleased to see that the matter was to be brought for- ward, but he thought the Admiral must be afraid at the magnitude of the scheme he proposed. The question of boarding out Workhouse children would be forced upon them before very long. Other Unions were adopting that course and he would give notice that at the nest meeting he would move that a committee be appointed to consider the advisability of boarding out boys and girls. Mr. Woodward said this was an entirely different question from that which Admiral Parry should have introduced. He thought there was a misapprehension in Mr. Wood's mind as to the value of the two systems. They already boarded out children at institutions provided for that purpose, and he did not think there would be au diffi- culty about the matter if they knew where homes could be obtained to accommodate all the children at a reasonable cost. The question of establishing Cottage Homes was a very much larger question than either Admiral Parry or Mr. Wood had better bring forward at present. Mr. Wood said he would never have dreamt of sit p- porting Admiral Parry's proposal. His suggestion was that they should make use of the institutions already provided in various parts of the country. He was fully persuaded that the children could be boarded out at as small a cost as was at present incurred to maintain them. At boarding-out institutions the children would be taught trades and the Board would not lose sight of them in after years like they did 'at present. He was convinced that they had not been doing their duty to the children in the past. All the Catholic children were being boarded out but there were no Protestant children receiving similar favours. The matter then dropped.

DELEGATES To Tim POOR LAW CONFERENCE. On the motion of Mr. Woodward, seconded by Mr. Williams, it was decided thatlMessrs Knowles,Mounfleld and Douglas, together with the master and clerk, should represent the Board at the. North Western Poor Law Conference to be held at Blackpool.

FINANCIAL MATTERS. THE EDUCATION RATE.

Mr. Woodward on behalf of the Finance Committee reported that there was a balance in hand of £948 16s 10d The calls for the ensuing half year would be : General County purposes, £2,3:32 4s 4d; police purposes, £349 15s. 2d.; police district purposes, £766 Is. 7d.; total, £3,448 Is. Id. For the purposes named the amount required wa.s £234 more than for the previous half year and £350 more than the call for the corresponding period last year. In'addition £1,865 145.5 d. would be required for educational purposes, £466 2s. 2d. being. for higher education, and the remainder for general educatien purposes. The education rate would be equal to 2d. in the £. The total amount required was £2,200 More than last year's amount, this being largely accounted for by the new education rate. Mr. Wool said the information would be of interest to the people who intended to resist the education rate. (Laughter). The committee's minutes were approved.

NURSES SCARCE.

, It was reported that an advertisement was inserted in several newspapers inviting applications for the position of 'nurse,but no replies were receivelThe officials of the Nursing Association had however, been instru- mental in obtaining for the Board, the services of Miss Manning, a district nurse from the Winnington neighbourhood, who was willing to serve for two months or longer as the Board might desire. The temporary appointment of Miss Manning was approved and it was decided not to advertise for a nurse at present. MASTER'S REPORT.

The Mlster reported that a treat had been given to the children in the House who were members of the Girls' Friendly Society by Mrs. Holden, Antrobus Vicarage. He also acknowledged the receipt of a gift of flowers contributed at a flower service from the Rev. F. Clifton Smith, Daresbury Vicarage. Mr. Moseley Williams said the Visiting Committee • had inspected the House and found everything satis- factory. The number of inmates was only on 9 different —he was not sure whether it was larger or smaller— for the same period last year. The number of tramps did not appear to increase. This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY FATALITY NEAR WIDNES,

At the Liverpool City Coroner's Court, on Tuesday, an inquest was held by Mr. T. E. Sampson upon the body of James Houghton, fifty-four years of age„a foreman platelayer in the employ of the Cheshire Lines Com- mittee, who .resided at 36, Lunt's-heath, Farnworth, near Widnes, and who was fatally injured on the railway near Farnworth, on Sunday morning. From the evidence it appeared that the down line il3e- tween Farnworth East and Farnworth Station sigilal boxes was on Sunday in course of being relaid. The traffic was accordingly worked at this point On the up main line. Deceased was walking on this lino for the purpose of getting a spade when he was knocked down by the engine of the 9.23 a.m. express front Manchester to Liverpool. The train was proceeding slowly at the time, having been stopped a little dis- tance previously in order to get from the down line on to the up main line. The whistle of the engine was also blowing all the time. The driver of the engine saw the deceased a few seconds before he was knocked down and although he at once applied the brake the accident could not be avoided. The injured man was removed to the Northern Hospital, Liverpool, where he died the same day.

A verdict of "Accidental death " was returned, the jury expressing the opinion that no blame whatever was attached to the officials.

Mr. Frederick Simpson, chief superintendent, of the Cheshire Lines Railway police, represented the railway company.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
1 EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ORG AN APPOINTAI ENT.

Mr. Charles H. Dawson has been') appointed organist and choirmaster of Wargrave Parish Church. There were twenty-five candidates for the post. ANOTHER CASE OF SMALL-PDX AT EARLESTOWN.

On Monday morning another case of small-pox was rep.rted to the Newton-in-Makerfleld Medical Officer of Health, the patient being Mrs. Metcalf, aged 28, of 59, Crown-street, Earlestown. Mrs. Metcalfe visited some relations living at Old Swan, Liverpool, on August Bank Holiday, from where a case of small-pox had been removed, and it is supposed that she contracted the disease there. This is the second case vvhiCh has occurred in the district, the first having broken out as far back as last January. In all probability the patient will be removed to a temporary hospital (a marquee) erected for the last case, but never used. The sanitary authority is endeavouring to get the patient removed to an isolation hospital at one of the surrounding towns, but it will be remembered that on the last occasion when a case of small-pox broke out attempts, were made to get the patient in hospital but without success. The public vaccinator(Dr. Valentine) advises immediate re-vaccination for all people who have not been vaccin- ated for some time past.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSIVE RESISTANCE.

WARRINGTON CITIZENS' LEAGUE. Passive Resistance Meeting to be Held.

A league under the above title has been formed in Warrington with Mt. N. Balmford as president, and Mr. W. Chatworthy as secretary and treasurer. The objects are (1) To offer passive resistance to the Education Act of 1902; by refusing to pay that portion of its rate i which sto be used for privately managed schools, especially those which are sectarian. (2) To unite for mutual support and encouragement all those who on religious, moral, or national grounds refuse to pay the aforesaid rate. (3) ro provide legal and other assist- ance for members of the League suffering in conse- quence of their passive resistance to the Act. Only direct ratepayers can he full members of the League and they are asked to pledge themselves to refuse to pay that portion of the Education rate which is ta be applied to privately managed and sectarian schools.

Associate members will be enrolled of indirect rate- payers and others who, for various reasons, cannot offer passive' resistance, but will further the objects of the league to the utmost of their ability. A public meeting in support of Passive Resistance will be held in the Baptist Chapel, Golborne-street, on Thursday evening next at 8 p.m. Mr. N. Balmford (president_ of the Warrington Citizens' League) will preside. The speakers will be the Rev. J. Hirst Hollowell, of Rochdale, Rev. J. F. Matthews, of Latch- ford. The following have signified their intention of being present :—Revs. W. Mason, A. G. D. Gee, and H. Du rin ico.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Six Cases at Fratisham.

At the Frodsham petty sessions a. large number of sympathisers with the passive resistance movement were in court. The overseers had summoned the follow- ing for non-payment of rate :—William Booth, Thomas Earlain, Noden, George E. Firth, the Rev. J. W. Mold, all of Frodsham. ; and John Noden, of Helsby. Mr. Booth said he thought the education rate was a flagrant injustice and the Act a wicked instrument to thrash people with. He conscientiously objected .to pay.—The Magistrates' Clerk: It is not a court of conscience, unfortunately.—Mr. Noden felt that he could do nothing but take his stand, play the man, and take the consequences.—The Rev. John W. Mold, Nonconformist minister, said that he could not be a party to propagation of either Anglicanism, or Romanism or any other "ism," or to a great injustice to thousands of Nonconformist teachers. The overseers, he added, had been very conciliatory in the matter.—The magis- trates ordered the defendants to pay the rate and costs within seven days. if they did not their goods would be distrained.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Citizens' League for St. Helens.

The Rev. J. Hirst Hollowell spoke on Thursday night at a meeting of St. Helens Nonconformists on the present position of the education question. For the first time in our history, he said, Anglicanism, Ritual- ism, Romanism, and all kinds of sectarianism were a charge upon the Municipal Budgets of this country. It was decided to form a Citizens' League for St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Further Sale at Altrincham.

The sale of goods seized from the three passive re- sisters, who were summoned at Sale on Monday, took place o Thursdayat Altrincham, at the auction-room of Mr. Ernest Walliden. The first articles pat up for sale were a'gold watch and scarfpin taken from the house of Mr. Jesse Haworth, Green Walk, Bowden,a justice of the peace for Cheshire. They realised £3 10s. Six chairs taken from the house of Mr. Charles Pidduck, also of Bowdon, were sold for £2. The last lot comprised a brooch which had been taken from the house of Mr. Thomas Percival Strong, Park Terrace, Southern-road, Ashton-on-Mersey, and it was knocked down for 365. At the close of the auction, Mr. Pidduck said he desired to thank the police and the auctioneer, from whom he had received the utmost courtesy and consideration. The proceedings were very orderly throughout. The Rev. S. P. Crarke (Crewe) moved a strongly- worded resolution denouncing the Education Act, and delivered a stirring speech.—The Rev. R. W. Roberts (Crewe) seconded. He also delivered a passionate speech, and said the resolution was too mild for him. He would like to have seen a copy of the Act publicly burned, to express their hatred and contempt of it and those who had framed and passed it.—The Rev. R. Hughes, of Alsager, supported the resolution, as did also Mr. Hampden-Cook, and it was carried.—Votes of thanks were passed to, and cheers given for,, the local rate collecter (Mr. A. Wood) for his courteous discharge of unpleasant duties, and the local auctioneers for refusing to conduct the sale.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Auction Sale at Sandbach.

The public sale of six passive resisters' goods at Sandbach took place on Tuesday afternoon. The Market Hall was crowded. The local auctioneers having refused the task, Mr. Reuben Clough, of Nantwich, wielded the hammer, and though at first he was hooteda little, the utmost good humour prevailed afterwards. All the goods were" bought in" for the resisters by the Rev. E. Hampden-Cook (secretary of the local Free Church Council), Mr. Newton. and Mr. Jones. After the sale an indignation meeting was held, and the passionate speeches several thnt.s created an uproar. On the whole, however, the gathering was orderly.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A Note of Warning to Passive Resisters.

To the Editor of the Manchester Gusrdian.

Sir,—The clerics, rating authorities,, overseers, and assistant overseers are getting greatly alarmed about the growing resistance to the iniquitous Education Act of 1902, and are adopting all kinds of dodges to keep "passive resisters " from appearing before the magis- trates for the non-payment of the school rate. Will you allow me to open the shutters and pull up the blind and pull down the upper sash so as to allowthe honest daylight and wholesome air in upon the dark doings of some of these gentry? One of the tricks that is being played upon passive resisters is for the rate collector to pretend that he is authe:ised to take the poor rate minus the school rate, and when the unsuspecting passive resister, taking him to be an honourable truth-speaking man, pays him the part of the rate whichhe can conscientiously the assist- ant overseer gives him a receipt for the whole amount and tells him the school rate portion has been paid by some third party who is sci ignorant and vulgar-minded that he cannot understand or appreciate a Nonconform- ist's conscientious objection to paying for the teaching of sectarianism under the name of religion in rate- supported schools. lam a "passive resister," and when the assistant overseer of the Culeheth district called upon me for my rate on the 21st of July last I proffered him the rate minus the education portion. He refused to take it,and told me he would have to consult with his overseer. He came again last-Tuesday evening, and on his assuring me he was now empowered to take the poor rate minus the school rate I paid him. He then gave me a receipt, and when I looked at it I found it was for the whole amount.. When I demanded a receipt for what I had paid him, he told me my school rate had been paid for me,but he would not tell me by whom, and then he drove off. I have:sinee sent him the receipt" by post and asked him to amend it. Have Ino remedy for this trick that had been played upon me? Of course, if I had suspected him of any roguery I would have asked to see the re- gelpt he intended to give me before paying him. The mord is then, " Passive resisters, demand to see the receipt before paying your rate."—Yours, W. MASON (Unitarian Minister.) Culcheth, hear Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

L &HOUR REPRESENTATION AT Sr. HELENS,

The St. Helens Trades and Labour Council held an adjourned meeting on Saturday to consider further the matter of selecting a Labour candidate for the borough. So far two candidates have been nominated for the final selection—namely, Mr. T. Glover, J.P., miners' agent, and Mr. J. A. Seddon, of the Shop Assistants' Union. Efforts are, however, being made to obtain the consent of a well-known Labour leader to become the official candidate of the National Labour Representation Committee.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
DF.SERTION• OF CHILDREN.

Catherine Cullen, of Bold-street, was at St. Helens on Tuesday prosecuted by the Guardians for deserting her three children.—Superintendent Relieving Officer Thompson said the woman and her family had during the last four years cost the Guardians .C9B. On April 5, 1902, she went into the workhouse with three chil- dren, and said she was married to a man named Connelly, but when Connelly was summoned she admitted that she was not married to him. Affiliation orders for 6s. per week were made against Connelly, but the woman would not enforce the orders. In December last she was given two days' leave in order to find the man and recover the money, but she ran away.—She was sent to gaol for three months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A CAirrAIN DROWNED. • Captain Hughes, of the steamer Trafford, from Run- corn to Creetown, was washed oirerboard anp drowned off the Scottish coast During Wednesday's storm. Capt. Hughes was a native of Port Dinorwic, North Wales.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Remarkable Fatality at Helsby.

A.t Helsby, on the Cheshire Lilies Railway, on Thursday a youth of sixteen years, named Major Fletcher, was walking along the line when he tripped over a telegraph wire and fell headlong down the em- banlonent. He was found later lying with his neck broken. Fletcher was employed at the Telegraph Manufacturing Company's itorks, Helsby.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly oeneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the prevalent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the needs of the mer- chant and the workman, the professional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a preparation a contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always reboinmended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give rerief, and we may say further, that it has proved permanently beneficial, when other pre- parations at best only gave temporary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddiness, Loss of Appe- tite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleep- lessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness either after an illness, long oonfinement to ill-ventilated rooms or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts as the system which have been weakened 'by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it isa Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state, when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold verywhere in bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. Gd. each, but would any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the proprietors will forward same for the above prices. carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, "Gwilym Evans," on Label,Stamp, and Bottle Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany Limited, Llanelly, South %Vales.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

SCENE ON A TRAM CAR-CONDUCTOR ASSAULTED.

There was a lively scene on a tramcar at Warrington on Saturday night. the sequel being that Thomas John- son, who resides in Liverpool-road, appeared before the magistrates at the Borough Police Court on Monday, charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Liver- pool-road on Saturday night and with as3aulting Edward Kenwright, a tram conductor—Kenwright stated that defendant got on the car which left Rylands-street for Sankey Bridges at 6.10. He insisted upon standing on the conductor's platform where passengers were not allowed to stand when there was room inside the car, -and on being spoken to refused to leave the platform. When the car arrived at Green-street, witness couldsee that defendant was likely to cause further disturbance and asked him to leave the car. CWendant would not do as requested, and wlcien witness got hold of him to put him out defendan't struck him in the face with his fist, causing his mouth to bleed. But for the assist- -an:le of the driver and some of the passengers, he believed the defendant would have caused him serious injuries. The passengers were alarmed,and several ladies got oat of the car.—P.C. Wood said he was called to the car at seven o'clock, by the conductor, and he took -charge of the defendant. When the defendant got' near his own home he wanted to fight witness, and said that if he (the officer) ruled Sankey Bridges he was not going to rule him. The defendant took his coat, collar,and tie off, and witness was obliged to lock him up.—Defend- ant said he had been a teetotaller for two years, but he "broke down," and the drink he had "got into his head." He did not know what he was doing on Saturday night. —The Chief Constable said the defendant had been a respectable man until now.—A fine of 403. was inflicted.l

ROBBED HIS PATH ER.-A WORTH LESS IiVA IN OTOS

CRARACTER.

A young man, well known to the pol ice, named Patrick Richard Moran, was brought before the Bench at the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday' charged with stealing two hand-leathers, value Is., from the house of his father, William Moran, in Scotland-road.— The Chief Constable said the articles were the property of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd. About 4.30 on Tuesday afternoon Superintendent Monaghan and Detective Meacock were on duty in the neighbourhood of Tanners-lane when they saw prisoner coming along with something in his pocket. The Super- 111V:indent. knowing his character, asked the prisoner what he had, and Moran replied: "Only two hand leathers." The Superintendent found they were appar- ently two valuable hand leathers stamped with the name of Pearson and Knowles: They were used insome process of work carried on at the forge. Prisoner said he got them from his father's house. He was locked up and his father sent for. The latter told a pathetic story, and a scandalous one so far as the prisoner was concerned. He said the leathers were entrusted to him by the prosecutors as tools for his work, and, having been put on another job, he took them home until he required them. The father was perfectly honest, buthe said his son stole them from the cupboard. He said his son regularly did like that, and even stole the food that he (the father) ought. to have. Prisoner would not do anything but thieve and loaf about. This was his 20th appearance, and he had served several terms of imprison- ment for theft.—The Bench said the prisoner was a nuisance to the community, and he would be sent to gaol for three months.

FRlDAY—Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Coun- cillors J. Roberts EI. Thornton and Mr. Hepherd. Scat' Ifiox Sror.mc.—'?4lizabeth Past, was charged with stealing 231bs of scrap iron of the value of Bd. from the Cheshire Lines Railway Siding in B attersby- lane.—Th, Chief Constable said that George Monks,ss, Gorsey Lane, a permanent way inspector in the employ of the committee. Was w.Lling 1101113a10eg the railway on Thursday evening when he saw the prisoner crossing the lines carrying a bag on her back. She stated that, it contained coal hut witness examined it and found the contents were 23lbs of scrap. iron. Prisoner was coming from the direction of a serap heap and he (Mr Talbot) understood the committee suffered very con-, siderably from such thefts. P.C. Sweeney was sent for and took the woman into eustody—.&s there Was nothing against the prisoner previously the Bench recorded a conviction and allowed her to go. THEFT BY A Bov.—A small boy named John Forster Wellington-street, who had to Stand On a chair in the dock in order that he might be seen by the magistrates, was charged with stealing p teket of biscuit's, value from the stall of S trah Plinston in the Market, place.—lt appeared that shortly before nine o'clock that morning a market inspector Saw the prisoner take the packet of biscuits ,from under the sheet which covered the stall. The stall-holder had only just opened the stall When prisoner snatched the packet and ran away.—lnspector Place said prisoner was a very bad boy and WAS continually in the market.—Prisoner was dismissed with a caution. ILLEGh.r. REMOVAL OF Goons.—Jonathan Welsby, 24, Manley-street, was summoned by Elizabeth R. Smith, 2-41. Wilderspool-road, for removing his goods to avoid it distraint for/rent. —Mr. Longtori represented complainaut.—Defendant was ordered to pay £3 and costs at the rate of 2s. 64. per week. Ass.i.tri.T.—T. Ratcliffe. 23,Vere-st,was summoned for assaulting Sarah Clare, Lincoln-street, on August 22nd. —There WIS a cross-summons against Mrs. Clare for alleged assault.—Mr. Steel represented Ratcliffe,—Mrs. Clare alleged that Ratcliffe struck her in the face with his fist and gave her a black eye.—Ratcliffe stated that Mrs. Clare was the aggressor and struck him on the head with a .cue, inflicting a wound which bled pro- fusely.—Mrs: Clare Was fined ss. and costs and Ratcliffe was mulcted in the costs. AFTER For Mom' FlS.—John William Jones, 2 Windsor-street, was summoned .for deserting his wife, Clara Jones, 11').. I lesm efen Pant admitted desertion, and the only question to be decided was the amount of alimony.—Mr. Steel appeared for the com- plainant, and said the case was a very painful one, as WINDING UP OF A RUNCORN COMPANY. the parties Ind only been Married four months.—The Chair nag : It strikes me that young people who sep tr- Ther4` London Gizette '.lannounces that a winding-up notice has been issued in respect of Ebenezer Timmins ate at sueh an a7e want the birch rod.— sepiration and Sons, Limited, Bridgewater Foundry, Runcorn. order with 9s. per week alimony Was granted: Mr. H. E. Eastwood, 19 Castle-street, Liverpool, has CRUNI,TY TO A WiFg.---hristopher Greenhalgh, 59, been appointed liquidator. Laira-street, was summoned for persistent cruelty to . his wire, Mary Aga Greenhalgh.—lt was alleged that . r defendant Was of drunken habits, and repeatedly assaulted hiswife—Mr. Crompton appeared for the corn- . ,plainaut.—The magistrates granted a separation order . with 5s per. week alimony.

A WARRINGTON APPRENTICE AND HIS EMPLOYER.

Yesterday at the Warrington Police Court, William John Twiss. Wilderspool-road, brought an action against Thomas Henry Burke, 13. Miller-street, an apprentice in tis employ to recover £8 damages alleged to have been sustained in consequence of the defendant leaving work without just cause.—Mr. Crompton represented Mr. Twigs and said defendant's apprenticeship would not expire until May, 1904. He left his work without -prmission on July 6th and had never returned. De- fendant appeared to have been at cross-purposes with his enployer in consequence of a County Court action which he brought against complainant for injuries re- ceived. The case Was stopped by the Judge and jury after plaintiff had ,given evidence.—Defendant stated that on the date in question he was following his em- ployment when complainant's father asked him', to da some " ignominious" work which he Was not supposed to do. Witness refused to do the work and Mr. Twiss told him to leave the place and go about his business. Mr. Twiss left the shop to bring the indentures but op returning said he could do nothing because his son was away. The following morning he was asked to return to work but he said he would not until some understanding was arrived at. The same night his father saw the complainant who said he would return the indentures.—The chairman (Mr. H. Roberts) said that if this statement were correct the question was whether complainant's father had not broken the indentures by asking defendant to do something contrary to the terms of the indentures—Mr, Crompton . submitted that defendant had no ground for leaving work. Mr. Twiss's father was not a partner in the business.—Defendant's father said he saw complainant, who said he would -give him the indentures. When witness saw him later he said he •could do nothing until he had consulted his solicitors. The matter remained unsottled and witness received a' bill from complainant's solicitors for L 35 185. 6d. costs in the recent action. His own solicitor's costs were £27.- The bailiffs were sent to his house to distrain for ,complainant's solicitors' bill, and later witness received -a letter charging his son with breaking into complain- ant's shop and stealing his tools. This was untrue.— Mr. Twiss stated that he promised to give defendant's father the indentures if he would pay the taxed costs of the recent action.—Dofendant's father denied this.— The magistrates ordered defendant to return to work and par costs. They did not order him to pay the, -damages claimed.

So Far True

Trade is nobler than living at

===== 0002601_19030829_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ENJOYED BY FEW.

, - ease, when a grocer says: " Wash ! 1 Few men and women, city born and bred at any rate :once with Fels-Naptha , and, i. you ever enjoy that delightful buoyancy and exhilaration f of feeling which is the heritage of those whose health don't like it, I'll give you back .is perfect and founded on thorough digestion, unless indeed they are desciples of Mother Seigel and combat your money, and vou may keep the weakening and degenerating effects of city life and ..., ~ air upon the system by a timely resort to the digestive , -what is left of the soap.), , tonic; Mother Seigel's Syrup. The history of the re- markable cures of indigestion, anae:nia. heldaches, con- ; stipaqon and general and nervous debility, which this i., Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson 6treet London EC medicine has effected within the knowledge of the writer would more than fill every column in this paper.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Gases.

SATURD lY.—Before Mr. Birettall (in the chair), Dr. Fox and Messrs. R. T. Fairclough and J. W. Hayward. WIFE ASSAULT.--Tames Stirrup, Admiral-street, was fined 103. and costs for assaulting his wife on August llth.—The complainant said that when she returned to the house after a day's work defendant commenced to "curse and swear" at her and used filthy language in the presence of her daughter. The defendant had "carried on "to such an extent that she asked him to be quiet. He then threw his cap at her and used more disgusting language. He picked up a poker, and witness ! then left the ause and she had not returned to it since.

MONDlY.—Before Mr. Monks (in the chair), Messrs. Hayward, Birchall and Wright, and Councillor

ThOrntozi.

THEFT OF BRACES.—Jaines Taylor, was charged with stealing ten pairs of braoes, of the value of ss. from the shop door of William Clegg, draper, 3, Irlam-street. —Prosecutor saw prisoner fold the braces up, put them under his coat, and walk away. Ha took the articles front the prisoner and gave information to the police. Prisoner's suspicious conduct had previously attracted the attention of William Wheatley, a police pensioner, who kept him under observation. When charged with the offence by the police, the prisoner replied: "I did it because I was drunk."—The Chief Constable said the prisoner was an inveterate thief and had been charged with theft 11 times.—The Bench committed Taylor to gaol for throe months with hard labour. A SERGEANT Assaxr,TED.—Alfred Looker, 43, West- street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly and with assaulting Sergeant Evans in Orford-lane. on Sunday ilmormng.—Sergeant Evans sa'rcl the prisoner was acting in a very disorderly manner. When requested to desist he -refused, and butted witness in the mouth, causing it to bleed. With the assistance of a butcher named Thomas Cartwright, the prisoner Was taken to the police station.—A fine of 203. including costs 1 was inflicted, and Cartwright was thanked by the ' bench for his assistance to the Police, and awarded 55. A MILK DEALER AND HIS PONY.—George Henry Sheldon, milk dealer, Long-lane, Orford, was summoned for Cruelty to a horse by working it 'whilst in an unfit state.—Mr. T. S. Steel, who represented the defendant pleaded not guilty. P.C. Hasp stated that the animal in question was a dark brown mare, and on August 15th witness saw it at Bridge Foot, in a very lame condition and in great pain. He told the defendant that it was not fit to wc,-k.—P.C. Baxendale corroborated.—lnspec- tor Print, R.S.P.C.A., spoke to subsequently examining the animal and finding it painfully lane on the off hind and off fore legs,. caused probably by an accident some time ago.—Defendant admitted that the horse was a bit stiff, and was not fit for the work of a milk dealer. —Mr. Steel submitted there was no intentional cruelty and th (t, the animal was put to grass immediately the complaint was made.—The Bench fined defendant 10s. FURIOUS DRIVING AT BREDGE-FOOT.—Robert Critchley, wiredrawer, 13, Canterbury-street, pleaded not guilty to a,charge of furiously driving a pony and trap at Bridge-foot on August lith.—The evidence of P.C.Baxendale was that defendant was driving at aspeed of 12 rk..iles:an hour, which was exceedingly dangerous at the point in question.—Charles Hankinson stated that he was at Bridge-foot at the time and considered that the defendant was driving too fast. He estimated the speed at between eight and ten miles an hour.—The defendant said he could not have been going at that speed or he would not have been able to pull up.— Defendant was fined ss. and costs (18s. in all). FIGHTING.—Frank Ayres. 24, Dial-court, and Edward Coyne, 16, Dial-court. labourers, were charged with fighting on August 15th in Dial-court.—P.C. Gibbs found them stripped to the waist and fighting on the ground.— Defendants were bound over in the sum of £5, and , ordered to pay the costs, 7s. each. UNSEEMLY BEHA.TIOUR.—Two boys named John Bolton, 26, Oliver-street, and Samuel Leigh, jun.. 21, Oliver-street, were fined ss. each for making loud and unseemly noises in Marshhouse-lane on August 119th.— .P.C. Phillips stated that defendants were shouting near the Barracks and throwing mud and pieces of sods at a 'bus. Witness was riding (at the vehicle and was struck in the face. He caught the two defendants.—The Chief Constable said such conduct was a constant source of annoyance to many of the residents in that neighbour- hood. Mr. Connor was always complaining of his 'bases being pelted by boys. STREET OBSTRUCTION BYTTALTAN.,;.—Goiseppe Bruno 11, Trlam street, Vaal Pietro, 109, Winwick street. Jion Figione, 11, Trlam street,and Frank Antonio,loo,Winsvick street, were summonned for obstructing Horsernarket and Bewsey street with ice cream carts. The defendants stated that they did not underst tndEnglish and an inter- preter was found in Mr. Monfredi.—P. C. Hayes who proved the case stated that the defendants understood him perfectly when he told them they would be re- ported. (Laughter). The defendants obstructed the thoroughfare for 25 minutes.—.kntonio stated he was only there one minute and sold two sandwiches.—The Chief Constable: He sold two sandwiches in one minute. That was gooe business. (I. tughter). Each defendant was fined ss.

BID L.tNGU.A.G E.—John and Mary Fisher, 11, Dial- street, were each fined is. fa for using obscene language on the sth August.—P.O. Gibbs proved the case. MESDA.y.=Before Dr. Fox (chairman), Alderman Hutchinson and Mr. J. R. Young. _

A BRUTAL Husll AN D.—James McCartney, of War- burton-street, was summoned at the instance of his wife, on a charge of using threats to her. He was further charged with having the chimney of his dwell- in,g-Uouse on fire.—The complainant stated that on the night of the 25th July, the defendant came home the worse for drink. She asked him for the money in his pockets but he said he wanted it for more beer. A quarrel ensued and the defendant threatened to throw a lighted lamp at her. He did so and she dodged out of the way and the lamp went into the fire. The lamp set the chimney on fire and attracted the attention of the police.—The defendant stated that the lamp slipped off the taSle and fell into the fire.—The magistrates bound the defendant over to keep the peace, himself in a surety of .£l.O and another surety of £5. or go to prison for 14 days. _ _ _

- JOIIN BNGULEY AGUN.—Tohrt Baguley made his 38th appearance before the magistrates, this time being charged with sleeping in a stable belonging to Mr. Samuel Sutcliffe, of Winwick-road.—P.C.Clarke proved the case a,nl the defendare, was committed to prison for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 29, 1903.

11b. G 13drrns. ; F. Blyle, 111. 2ozs., and 19 others of lesser weights ; the gross catch being 101bs. 2ozs, 51ruis. Messrs. J. Minshall and G. Spencer had charge of the arrangements, and fulfilled their duty with satis- faction. The party returned home well pleased with their day's outing. TheY prizes will be distributed on the 31st.

The se;.•,oad coznoatitor on the list was fortunate to capture a pike 161- inches long, with maggot, the peculiar feature being that the fish is covered with a bright green colour, more especially about the mouth and along both sides of the body. It is evident the fish has existed in some peculiar surroundings to pro- duce such an effect, which is not merely superficial, and certainly is not of a. poisonous nature, as it gave the captor excellent sport for some time, on the fine tackle he was using. The fish :a in the hands of the Secretary of the Association, who is preserving it for the inspec- tion of anglers.

The Committee of the Association met last Friday evening and passed the first stage in the preparation of the Year Book for 1904. The contests in connection with that body were fixed for July 13th, August 15th 17th and 24th, September 7th and 14th, all of which will take place in the Bridgewater Canal. Will secre- taries of clubs please note and arrange their fixtures accordingly, acquainting the Secretary of the Associa- tion not later than October 10th.

Of general angling during last week, not the brightest of reports are furnished. Trafford Brook which owing to the rain of last,week has attracted a large number of anglers anticipating some sport among the coursefish,was entirely off colour only a few eels falling to the share of lithe visitors. The Shropshiro Union Canal in the lower length also disappointed our devotees,but Waver- ton way matters assumed a better turn and soma sport was realized. Rossett shared also the general depres- sion, only Mr." J. Alcock doing anything worth noting by the capture of a bream of about 2lbs. The North Staffordshire Canal did not realize the anticipations of visitors to the Acton Bridge district, Mr. A. H. Mather being the only one to report sport of a satisfactory character. Lyrnm Old River has not yet returned to the form of last ye,r. The River Bollin has scarcely recovered from the 'recent floods, but several nice cap- tures of trout and course fish are chronicled.

The Bridgewater Canal at vArious points did not turn up quite the trump of previous weeks,though several reasonable catches have been recorded notably by E. Hart, who at two or three visits secured 28 roach of fair size, a large number of gudgeon and two eels. H. Martin did fairly well, also P. Leicester and J. Oultram.Reports have reached me of anglers' tackle being smashed up with little ceremony by fish of unusual pro- portions. These are evidently king carp, with which the Worseley length of the canal was liberally stocked some years ago, and which from their rapid growth, must by this time, have reached large dimensions, in proof of which I am informed, one was taken from the canal dead on the 23rd inst., which weighed 4pbs. and had evidently been killed by one of the tug propellors. so sight line fishers must not be surprised if disaster befalls them if they encounter these strong and very game fish.

On the 24th Messrs. J. W. Boyle visited the Gosvy at Tattenhall-road and found the river in grand trim for fishing, about 161 b of roach and dace being the result of the day's sport. The rumours of poisoning in this river, must not have affected the district under notice.

The Izaac of old laid clown the axiom that angling was the contemplative man's recreation,and that this isa truisim many .4 its devotees will verify. In the slack moments of the sport, under solace of a pipe, the angler's thoughts wander into various channels,his occu- pation, his home life, his record captures of fish, and prospective catches claming hislattention. The sciences also occupy no little share of his meditation, particu- larly that of botany, which he will enter into with a 'zest that would do credit to the most accomplished professor, and will wander afield in pursuit of his favourite theme for the time being. An illustration of this was related to me a few days ago. A devotee of our craft was Rhewn a very useful specimen of herb (that he was not previously familiar with) which aroused his attention at once, and naturally a minute inspection must take place, but alas the aims and aspirations of mortals, one insecure step and—a beautiful header into the stream ; a spluttering object was assisted to the bank, and once upon terraffirma,the impression evidently prevailed that botanical research sometimes has a damping effect.

The General Wolfe Club and the Ben Brierly Club of Manchester each fish their contests near Thelwall on the 29th inst, and with fine weather,no doubt good sport will be realized.

The Broadheath Angling Society also fish their annual contest in the Bridgewater Canal. Several capital prizes have been promised, and the event is looked forward to by the members.

-Mr. T. Nixon on Thursdny had good sport from the Both, ctpturing two tine trout, one of 2tbs Blozs, and th 3 other of lib 9ozS 2 drms.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND Ati,,ETICS.

Cricket.

Victory once more! After an exciting, match the Warrington eleven ran out winners on Saturday by the narrow margin of three runs. This is really something out of the usual course of events, and comes as an acceptable break in the monotonous series of unsatisfactory results which have had Who recorded of late. Heaton Mersey were the opposing team, and had to admit defeat on their own ground.

The home eleven had first turn with the bat and had compiled 91 when the last wicket fell. Warring- ton just manao-3(1 to secure three more runs than their opponents. J. A. Briggs headed the score list with 25, whilst P. B. Haman (17) and T. Houghton (16) were Useful contributors. In the concluding stages of the match the wicket was extremely difficult and all the more credit is therefore due to the Warringtonians for accomplishing a victory.

A. draw was the result of the second eleven's en- gagement at Arpley. 153 runs were amassed by the home team and the Heaton Afersey c3atinffent had replied with 81 for the loss of 8 wickets when play ceased. On th,-, Warringten. side J. Thompson was •the top scorer with 37, and T. B. Williams knocked up 35 for the visitors. B3nnett bowled in fine style, taking 5 wickets for 23 runs.

After all y ming Gibion did not play for the County against' L3icestershire at OH Trafford. It seems that he did not obtain a p3rmit from the Norfolk Club,and without that he could not do duty for another county organization. He has visited Old Trafford this week, but kas had to be coqtent to play the part of a spectator.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

To local riders—Mr. Stangl, of Orford-street, and Mr. Joseph Wood—had a nasty accident at Helsby On Sunday afternom. They were descending a hill on their way to Warrington, when, it is stated, Mr. Stangl's machine skidded, and came into contact with Mr. -Wood's bicycle. Both riders were violently thrown to the ground and were considerably bruised and cut about the head, face, and legs. They,however, succeeded in riding tome, under great difficulties, and their injuries Ai-ere dressed by Mr. Miller, chemist, Bridge-street.

Saturday's fixture for the Warrington C.C. was a rim to Over, but only eight members turned out, and the venue was changed to Acton Bridge. A. pleasant afternoon was spent in fishing. Before the homeward journey commenced there was a severe thunderstorm and consequently the roads - were rather heavy. On Tuesday evening the weather was beautifully fine. Only nine members took part in the run to Budworth but they were amply compensated by enjoying one of the most agreeable night runs of the season. Alter a brief stay at that ancient hostelry "Ye Cock," the return journey was commenced and Warrington was reached in gooltime after a pleisant evening.

On Saturday the membrs of Uwely lane Cycling Club had a run to Prescpt and then proceeded to Liverpool via tram. A very pleasant time Was spent in the city and at New Brighton, and Warrington was reached at 11 p.m. Saturday next is the Vice- Presidents' and Officers' day and Lymm will be the destination. .11erabers intending to join the party are asked to send in their names to Mr. Hayward, 41, Lovely lane, not later than Wednesday next, so that the necessary arrangmaeats can be made.

C. Berry obtained the se.-; nil prize at the postponed sports of the Crewe Alexonira Club. oa Saturday, in the half-mile bicycle race. In conaectioa with the mile race the time limit was fixed at 2min. 15sec., but the com- petitors in the final were 2min 403e,c. in going over the coarse, awl the race was declared void.- The two-lap bicycle race was also (leclared void. The time limit was fixed at Inin. 2)sec., and the competitors object- ing to this standard, de:dined to turn out, and conse- quently the judg3s had no alternative bat to declare the event void.

Fixtures. Warringtoa C.C. To-day, C ran Ag 3 ; Tueidgy, C ronton..

• Royal C.C. To-clay, Skldingtoa ; Thursday, Crouton.

14 wely-laqe 0.0. T.).day, Ro3th3rae ; Welneiday, Bold Bridge.

Sin.key Bridg3i We'4l4 ery,,an C.O. To-'11;, Barnton ; lloaday, Stfetton via G-rapp3altall.

Fat Rizinl.

S3V3r II lo:ta r mers w3r 3 i!1.2 iiful at 'I) Plank - lane Catholic Char:ch. and A. C. Sprts, held at Leigh on Saturday. In the 12) yards flat, C. Sin Clair, of ‘Varrington, gtined the second prize with 121- yards start. • In the flit, A. El. Wtrret. of Saakey Harriers, with 65 yards start was first C. J. Straw, of Warrington was first in the mile handicap, F. J. Whittle, of St. ILlens Ipiug 51:333.11 and J. Huillev, Widnes, third.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

Tae most pleasing feature of this week's notes is to record the extreme change in the weather last week end fro n the week previous. At the former period it would have done credit to the month of January, rather than the harvest month. bat reverted oa the latter occasion to typical su a a w, and under such pleasant anspices,the seconcifpapolar fixture of the Warrington Association took place at Barford Line on the 22n1 when 109 mem- bers turned out to do battle for the handsome gold medal:presented by their etteerael chairman, J. Lyon Waittle Esq. wad o'ler prizes of the aggregate value of £l4 is. The service of trains to Healey and Lymm enabled the c .):npetitors to arrive on the 83one Maniple thus to make the nee ttsa.y p7aptratioa3, which ware, in the hinds of NI etsrs Ko.:gat, Retlish, Cook, Kent, Bancroft aid Porter. The draw oecupied Only the space of tree ablates, all onactually at 4 o'clock Mr. Bancroft .g we the starting signal and the competitors qnickly gotta busine ;s, the genial weather infusing an all-round hope that good sport would be realized,and, in this, to a gmat exteat, they were not disappointed, for during the progress of the match, in lie ations of the c apture. of good fish were very alp trent and at the call of time, the result wis a complete surprise to the weighers and competitors alike, more especially when it trans- pired Alt the winner of last year's medal (Mr. T. Thomas) had again captured the trophy, with the capital weight of 211) lox 3drs. being very closely followed by Mr. John Atherton with 2113 s lldrms, Messts J. Harrison, [lb 10oh 1 Idrins,John Hackney llb 4oz 15drms F. Jolley llb 31az, H Iltiley llb 3oz' 7drms,A. Flimblett llb 2oz 6drrns, J. Nicholson llb 3drtas, A. Rogers 14oz 13drais, R. Ellis 13oz ldrm, H. Gatley 120z9 T. Buckley llozs .T. Bra-lburvlo )7. lidrms, H. Moore 101 oz, R. Cooft. 9oz 14drms, J. Griffiths 9oz llalrms, J. Ward 9oz 3drms and P. Nash and W. Crowther 7104 s each, a gross catch for the 19 prize winners of 18Ibs 11ozs12drats. 40 com- petitors weigheA in an aggregate of Nibs 14ozs 3drats, and altogether nearly 70 caught fish truly a very grati- fyine; ending to an event that one and all voted an un- qualified success.

Oa ocetsions of this sort slate exeerience 'ill luck, but, it rarely falls to the lot of an angler to share mis- fortune and fortune.at the Sllll3 time, and the incident referred to merits SOlll3 notice. A competitor struck a good fish. which invnlliately mile a sudden bulge, and departed with the greater put of the line, and during the perplexity which usually follows such a calamity, he was gratified with sights of his flout peregvinuting the cant' and aftern: brief interval the fish-einsiderately brought the line within reach, shoek itself free and left the angler to recever his line, piece up agiin and con- tinue the contest with it.

The Lifebpat Sitar:lay Demonstration will take place in a waA from this date. Will those Anglers who have promised ts,ckle for display o;i that occasion, kindly forward the same'to the -Secretary of the Association, not later than the 31st inst. rods of all, descriptions (not longer than 12 feet), gaffs, landing nets, panmers, baskets, bait CAIIS, spinners, spears &c., being reinirei.

--- The juvenile cont-)st ta',os place on September Tith '(same date as above) and intending competitors are re- quested to send in their minus as curly as possible, and to assemble at London Bridge not liter than '1.30 p.m., The contest can then be concluded in time to see the procession.

Ten members of the King. Edward the VII. Angling Society journeyed by i•oai last w3Ak end to Acton Bridge, to fish for the five prizes left over from the week previous. The ptrty numberel 23, and the con- 'test was brought off in very pleasant weather. Sport was very poor indeed, and ouly the five necessary to carry off the prizes stvceeded in cttching fish, the fortunate ones being H. Owen. see.. 7oz. 13drs.; M. Chorley, 610 z.; J. Payne, E. Gibson and J. Ward with lesser weights in the order named.

The Mersey Anglers, to the number of 23. journeyed by road to Broken Cross to bring off the second of their annual fixtures. 22 took part in the contest, and after the usual lapse of time it was found that good sport had been realized, though the fish captured, as a rule, were of the small Order. Arr. T. Barry Cllll9 out winner with 111. Bozs. 9drrni., followed by Messrs. S. .Spencer,

===== 0002601_19030829_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
littMak'b

===== 0002601_19030829_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Polo.

St. Heleas and Wigan met orie,e more in the St. Helens Baths on Tuesday night when the English champions of last year had to defend their title against St. Helens who had in the same bath a fortnight before dis- possessed them of the Liverpool championship. St. Helens turned out the regular team. About 400 people travelled from Wigan, and the visitors were strong in the, belief that the presence of Kearsley in their ranks would turn the scale. The result of the meeting was a brilliant game. At half time each team had placed one goal to its credit. St. Helens quickly attacked on the resumption. Final result: St Helens 5 goals, Wigan 2 goals. Wigan are thus put out of the national c =petition.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Homing.

The folllwing items may be of interest to local fanciers who lost birds during the recent races : D. M. Allen, of 6, Station-road, Colwyn Bay, writes that a pigeon flew into his house on Tuesday during the storm. The ring on the leg is marked: R.P.F., 1993, 1065." The owner can have same on application. A pigeon with a ring on its left leg and marked on ehe wing " D. 8.8., A.G.G., G.X.X.," was found on the s.s. Dundalk whilst out at sea. The owner can have the bird on giving number on the ring by apply- ing on board the Dundalk in the dollingwood Dock, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Roibl Football.

On Tuesday evening I went down to Wilderspool and witaesse I the practice game between the first and "A." team;, and was wAI-pleased with the class of football shown •so early in the seasoa. Both sides played hard, and there might have been points at stake judging by the vigour of the tackling. A very good display at half back was given by Dan Davies and R. Bate, the latter of whom seems both bigger and speedier. If he can keep up Tuesday's form he will be a useful man this season. Davies was 'very energetic and worked the scrums capitally. The regular threequarters all give a good account of themselves, F:sh alone appearing nit of condition. Oa the other side Mahoney was the best exponent. Both full backs played well, and the same can be said of the forwards. There will be aaother practice this evening at 6 o'clock.

Next Saturday 01? S 3 )n opens with Leigh as the visiting club. This is always a keen pane, and will he again, hat Warringtli shluld b 3 inirke Ely superior in the rear division.

T3n .v;;i4 an. aln ) ti.ii stirt3r on the TAeigh. si(le. -AlitllN.-1.1.1,1 f )1:- are walt satisfi?.l with their

===== 0002601_19030829_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The usual meeting of this Society was held on Su ii- day afternoon, when Mr. Nelson, of Warrington took the clytir, and spoke of the good work the P.S.A. was doing at Wycliffe, not only amongst themselves, but amongst outsiders as well. A Christ-like man be said was one who tried to benefit the bodies as well as the morals, and the souls of nfen.—Mr. Price, o f Alanchester, gave a very thoughful, and earnest address upon, "Shut the Gate " or the common expression "Please shut the gate." The speaker, urged young men especially to keep the gate of their lives closed to anything that would mar and spoil their better and holier feelings. He advised them first to keep the gate of their homes pure and thus keep outside those influences, that would tend to make them impure. Secondly to keep their mouths shut from impure conversation ; and thirdly to keep their ears shut, so that they could not hear, in the street, in the shop, and in the office, the foul conversations, that destroyed the atmosphere of purity around them. The meeting was taken part in by Mr. C. Cotton mid Mr. F. Brown. At the close of the first'halflyear the imember- ship is 472. The Savings Bank has just opened again and 50 members have already deposited. Mr. W. H. Payton Mus Bac. presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
The Living of Helsby.

- The. Bishop of Chester has offered the living of Helsby, in the diocese of Chester, to the Rev. E. -W. Evans, M.A., vicar of Little Budworth' near Tarporley, and it has been accepted by him. Afr: Evans was ordained deacon in 1889 and priest in 1890 in the diocese of Chester. He was curate of Tarporley from 1889 to 1893, and has been at Little Budworth since 1898. The living of Helsby is worth £2lB gross with a house.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Copyright.)

===== 0002601_19030829_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE GREY OF THE DAWNING.

BY JOHN •K. LEYS, &uthpr of "The Lindsays," "In Peril by Night," "The Veiled Lady," &c.

"So you are Harry Selwyn ? " The young man could barely stammer out some sort of half-intelligible reply. His heart was going like a piece of machinery gone mad. He bad always heard that his great-aunt's companion was a pretty girl, but he had never expected any- thing like this. The delicacy of her complexion, the bright archness of her expression, the charming upward lift in her eyebrows, the fire in her glance, the melting tenderness of her mouth, all combined to enchant him, and to reduce him, Oxford man though he was, to a state bordering on imbecility. Selwyn would have resented the flavour of patronage in the tone if it had belonged to anyone else, but in this case it never occurred to him to do so. He would have regarded such a feeling as sacrilegious. He suffered her to lead him to a couch, still with that rather foolish look of awed surprise upon his face, while Flossie Durant was forced to turn her head away to hide the pleased smile which was curving her cheek in spite of her- self, and for which she could afford no tolerable reason.

They sat down and chatted about various things —Lady Worcester and her gout; Oxford and commemoration; the young man's impressions of London and of the War Office, in which, through the kindness of a relative, he had just obtained a post. Miss Durant said little about herself; but she left on the young man's mind the impression that she spent her days and the greater part of her nights in nursing a kind-hearted but tiresome old woman, and that she was entirely dependent for change on such brief intervals of sunshine as the present visit afforded. He considered that Florence Durant was practically a saint and martyr, as well as the loveliest being that ever put on the habit of humanity. After a time he saw reason to modify these views; but he still regarded, her as one of the sweetest and best of her sex. Before he left the house a series of communica- tions took place between Miss Durant, Lady Worcester's maid, and the nurse, with the result that Harry was admitted for the space of some eighty seconds to the sacred privacy of his great- aunt's bedroom. The old lady gave him a skinny hand, and asked what piece of folly he had been after last, told him that he might call on Thursday afternoons, warned him (quite unnecessarily, for Selwyn was a well-behaved young fellow) that if he got into debt he mustn't come to her to help him out of it, and finclly gave him a cheque for twenty pounds and bade him a curt adieu. All through the winter Harry kept getting deeper and deeper in love with the beautiful girl who lived at No. 7, Carlton Gardens' and more than once he felt convinced that he had succeeded in making an impression on her heart. • At length, one afternoon, when he had outstayed the last of the visitors, and his Aunt had gone back to her bedroom for the time, he managed to utter•the fateful words.

It was some minutes before he could get the wilful, teasing girl to take him seriously, but when she did it was only to laugh at him in a more sober way.

"Why, you foolish boy! " she cried. "How should we live and pay rent and taxes, not to speak of clothes and a hundred other things?"

"Do you love me, Flossie? Viet is the only question worth considering." "Ah! I am afraid it is not !"

"But do you love me ? " "I can hardly tell if I do what you call love you; but I like you very well, and I have no doubt I might come to like you well enough to marry you if you wished. But do be reasonable. What is the good of talking of our marrying? Your aunt is very kind to me, but 1 am only a distant cousin of hers, and I cannot expect that she should leave me anything worth mentioning. Nor can you expect to inherit a fortune from her—besides, it is ill waiting for dead folk's shoes, you know. You have your pay from the Office, and I have nothing but a fine set of rather expensive habits. Do you think we should be happy living in a forty- pound house at Clapham, or some such awful place, riding in third-class carriages, and dining (when we could afford it) off curried mutton?" She gave a little shudder. "In less than a month you would be as wretched as I, and you know it." "I don't know it ! " cried the unreasonable young man, rising from his chair. "But I don't blame you for one moment. All I know is that lam the most wretched man alive, and that I shall not see you again." "Nonsense! You mustn't say things like that. You will see me on the twentieth, at all events," said she, rising too, and giving him her hand with the sweetest of smiles.

Selwyn shook his head snd went away; but none the less the evening of the twentieth found him at his aunt's door.

It was a great occasion. The eldest daughter of the lion. Augustus Severn, Lady Worcester's favourite son, was :to come out that evening, and her grandmother had insisted that the event should take place in her house, at a ball to be given in her honour. The invitations had been just numerous enough to prevent overcrowding, and very elaborate preparations had been made. Harry Selwyn hardly knew the place. Hall and vestibule were filled with palms and semi-tropical plants, with snug recesses cunningly contrived among them. The whole suite of rooms had been thrown open, and Lady Worcester herself, blazing in diamonds, stood at the head of the flower-lined staircase to receive her guests. "She's got them all on, I see," said the voice of a smart society woma behind Harry, with a little laugh. He knew that she referred to the diamonds, which were rather famous. They were certainly worth a great deal of money. His aunt had shewn them to him one day when she happened to be in an amiable mood, and had nothing better to do; and, little as he knew about precious stones, he had been surprised at their size and brilliancy. Harry managed to squeeze his way to the spot where his aunt stood, paid the little debt that courtesy demanded, and hurried off to hunt for Flossie.

He found her in a recess, talking, or rather listening, to a tall dark man in the unifrom of a captain of some regiment. He was speaking so earnestly that neither of them noticed Harry's approach; and when Flossie did look up and see him, he could not but fancy that for an instant a frown of impatience wrinkled her brow. It was gone in a moment, however, and she awarded him a dance—a square, and pretty far down on her programme, too—with the pleasantest of smiles. Harry gallantly stood out for some- thing better, but all he could get was the some- what vague promise of an extra. With that he had to be content, and no sooner had he been dismissed than Miss Durant turned towards the Captain, who had been waiting in the background. He was at her side in a moment, and the whispered conversation was resumed. Harry felt immediately a wild, insane jealousy of the Captain. He cursed his fate that had for- bade him to follow his boyish desire of going into the army. He almost cursed Flossie for what he considered her faithlessness and want of heart; and he spent most of his time thenceforth in watch- ing the pair from afar. They danced together pretty often, he saw; and he was not the only one who observed it. Turning round once, when he was sick of gazing on the heart-torturing sight of Flussie floating round the great drawing-room in the arms of the Captain of Hussars—he had discovered that was the name of the uniform he wore—Harry caught the eye of an elderly, dis- tinguished-looking man whose bearing (though he was in ordinary evening dress) proclaimed him to be a soldier. This gentleman's looks rested on the unconscious pair with something of disapproval, and he tugged thoughtfully at his long grey moustache.

Harry, wandering about like an unquiet spirit, found himself in the supper-room, and as he stood looking moodily on his glass of champagne he heard some one behind him say in low, earnest

"I tell you it is a dead certainty. Jack Tar cannot be beaten by any horse in the field. His owner is one of the most cautious and knowing men on the turf, and lie has backed the animal for all he is worth. I have done the same, and I advise you—well, I never give advice, hut I think if you follow my example you won't be a loser." "Jack Tar is a rank outsider, I believe," said the second speaker. "You can pt thirty to one without much diffi- culty."

"And you say it is a certainty ? "

"I've been a racing man for twenty-two years, and I never knew such a chance happen before." The two men moved away, and as for Harry, he had been so much interested in what they had been saying that he had quite forgotten that he was not justified in listening to their conversation. Seeing a friend standing at a little distance, Harry went up to him, and asked him whether he knew either of the two men who were at that moment leaving the room. "I know the old gentleman by sight well enough," said Harry's friend. "He's Major Clements.— greatest racing authority extant." "You—you think his opinion is worth some- thing, then? " "Worth something! Do I think a million sovereigns worth something? The man is never wrong. He might be a millionaire ten times over if he wished. I'd give ten pounds gladly for the mere mention of a horse's name from his lips, and I'll bet you wouldn't find ten men in this house who, if they knew anything about racing, would not sell their mother's diamonds, and put the proceeds on his selection in one lump! " And in his enthusiasm the speaker drained another half-tumbler of champagne. Harry Selwyn turned away with a strange sensa- tion of being on the eve of a crisis. Here, at all events, was a swift and tolerably sure means of making one's fortune. At thirty to one—but Harry suddenly remembered that he had but a remnant of his last quarter's salary left. The advice, valuable as it might be to those who had money to risk, was all but meaningless to him. It might bring him in a few pounds, perhaps a few hundreds; but for him to win any sum which would materially alter his position, with his present resources, was quite out of the question. It was maddening to think that if he had but two thousand, even one thousand, pounds' he might gain enough to enable him to make a home for Florence, and not have the money! He went back to the large drawing.-room, which was being deserted for the supper-room, and seeing Flossie in a corner, he went up to her, and claimed the extra which he had been promised. The girl yielded, with rather a bad grace, as it seemed to him, but she did yield; and as they floated round the room together, while the music surged and billowed around them, the poor fellow was in a fever, a delirium, of love and despair and longing. - The waltz was over all too soon, and Harry sat 'with his partner in a shaded recess; but almost before he had time to utter a word of what was burning in his heart and blazing in his eyes, a tall form came softly up, and a hated voice, the voice of the Captain of Hussars, said blandly: "Our dance, I think, Miss Durant," and she was gone. It was when a big fat dowager, with a small fortune beaming and scintillating all over her, came into the recess and sat down beside him, that the idea flashed into his brain. It made his heart beat as though he had been gazing on a phantom of the night. The way to wealth, the way to marriage with Florence, lay open to him, if he had but the courage to seize the oppor- tunity! What could be easier than to remain behind, steal to his aunt's dressing-room (where 1 he knew her jewel-cabinet stood) in the dead of night, cut the bottom out of the cabinet, if the drawers could not be forced, leave the house with the diamonds as soon as the doors were opened in the morning, pledge the jewels for three thousand pounds, as he knew he could easily do, get some friends to help him to lay the bets with respectable bookmakers, and bring the stones back a few days later ? There was no insuperable difficulty in any part of the programme, and the result of carrying it out successfully would be that he would have in his pocket the sum of eighty-seven, or (allow- ing for one or two bad debts), say eighty, thousand pounds! The very thought was enough to make the blood leap in his veins, and his breath come in great heavy sobs, as if he had been swimming. With eighty thousand pounds he would be in a position to ask Flossie to marry him, and he felt sure that she would not refuse him, even if he were to win only half the money. It was only the necessaries of life she wanted, poor darling! The longer Harry thought over his project, the more feasible did it appear to him. Even if the worst should come to the worst, lie said to him- self—if he were to be detected in the act of taking the stones, or if by some unforeseen calamity Jack Tar were not to win the Cup—he felt sure that his aunt would not prosecute him. For the credit of the family she would spare him; and if the thing came off, he would bring the diamonds to her and confess what he had done for love's sweet sake.

In the end the young madman succeeded in persuading himself that this particular bit of felony was rather a fine thing to do. It proved that a"great and unreasoning passion had mastered him, and that, as all readers of modern novels know, is the very apex and flower of morality. At all events Master Harry, being excited with love, wine, and the gold 'hunger, which is a more fruitful source of crime than land-hurrger itself, yielded to the ternptatien. He retreated to an out-of-the-way corner, from which he could hear the continuous noises caused by the departure of the guests. After a time these noises ceased, and Harr!, knew that they had gone. Soon perfect silence reigned, and he felt sure that everybody had gone to bed. Then he came out of the closet in which he had been hiding, and sat down in the dark and empty ball-room to wait. An hour passed, and he judged that it was time to act. Already the grey of the dawning was stealing in through the long windows. He took off his boots and boldly went upstairs. There was no need to tread softly. His shoeless feet made absolutely no noise on the thick carpets. In a few minutes be was at the door of his aunt's dressing-room. He paused and listened, then, softly turning the handle, he pushed open the door, and crossed the threshold.

All was still. From his aunt's_ bedroom on the right there was not a sound. The two rooms were connected by a door, across which there hung a thick, heavy curtain. Between this door and that opening upon the corridor by which Harry had entered there stood a bed, and its hangings were in the line between the two doors, so that any one entering by one door could not see a person coming in by the other without pissing round the curtains. There was a large dressing-table at one end of the room, and near it a smaller table, upon which stood the jewel cabinet from which he had seen his aunt take the brilliants. The •dawn had not come yet, but it was near at hand, and light enough came through the blind for Harry to make out these various objects. He was on the point of stepping forward to the table which held the jewel-cabinet, when a slight noise, very slight, but yet perceptible, fell on his ear. It came from his aunt's room, and with beating heart he retreated to the shelter of the bed hangings.. He could not conceive how the trifling noise he had made in opening the door of the dressing-room could have awakened any one, but he reflected that perhaps his aunt, or her maid if she happened to be at hand, had been lying awake, and if so she would of course be alarmed by hearing the door of an adjoining room open in the middle of the night. As he stood and waited he heard a faint clink; it seemed to him that his aunt, or some one in her , room, was locking the door between the two rooms. But the next moment shewed that he was wrong. The door had been opened, for a tiny ray, that of a night-light, shone through the aperture, and the curtain that hung in front of the threshold was gently stirred. Horror! Some one was coming to search the apartment! How was he to explain his presence. there, at that hour? What if the maid—he felt sure it was Simmons—were to give the alarm? Should he step forward now, and beg her not to do so ?

There was no time to answer the question in his mind. Looking through a chink between two of the bed-curtains, he saw a hand push the portiere aside, and the next moment a figure clad in white from neck to ankle glided into the room. It was Flossie Durant!

- Blank surprise was the first feeling in his mind, but in the hundredth part of a second he remem- bered that there was a couch in his aunt's room which Florence sometimes occupied when his aunt did not wish to be left alone at night. Would she see him? Would she search the room; or would she be satisfied with a glance round the apartment, and go back to bed, thinking that her imagination had played her a trick? She seemed to be staring straight at him, and Harry trembled so that lie could hardly stand. To be discovered by any one in the perpetration of such a deed would be bad enough; but t 45 be caught by Florence! The idea was maddening. She was looking at him so steadily. She must see him! Not yet. Her eyes wandered from him to the other side of the room, as if searching for a hidden intruder, and Harry gently and stealthily drew back—back—towards the door, which stood ajar at his side. Two bold steps while the girl's shoulder was turned towards him, and tile thing was done. He was out of the room and retreating swiftly sown the corridor, blessing the carpet, thick and soft as a sponge, that deadened the sound of his 'eat. On. on he went, but he did not think bifa-

san unill 'ne had reached the hall, and curiel himself up on orie of the couches, as if he bsti fallen asleep there. And then, for the first time while his nerceS were yet tingling with the dread of discovery', a sense of the meanness and baseness of the sci which in his vinous and amorous excitement 130 had attempted, rose up, as it were, and struck him in the face. Ile shuddered to think of the depth of shame from which he had been saved. would have been a thief, or soinething barely dir tinguishable from one. Not wealth, not Florence herself, could pay him for contracting uuc"

stain. Rising and moving softly through the hall, hl gained the room in which the hats and coats him' been kept, and finding his ulster, put it on. Thheiii• he went back to the couch, and lay there, wilimh, to sleep, a little sad, but subdued to quietness KT the emotion through which he had just passed' $ He had lain still for half an hour, perhaps bt little more, when he became conscious of lig • rustling on the stairs behind him. Some o!i_ passing down had brushed against one of tn. flowering shrubs placed on the landing. listene Harry raised himself on his elbow and d, thinking that surely he had been mistaken. "II the rustling went on. It was coming lower lower. In the dead silence the tick of * gr3l/as father's clock that stood in a corner behind 6ra-- 1 of shrubbery, and the beating of the cold rain el the windows, sounded loud and threatening.

Silently he rose to his feet. gb oft. A slight girlish figure passed him like It was Florence ! She went on through the hall and vestibule, cii4 he heard the rattle of the heavy chain as she °loci the fastenings of the street door. The °sod startled him. Though he saw that she was (Ire wei for the street, he had not realised that she her going to leave the house. He must speak to —he must ask the reason-- The He reached her just as the door opened. Captain of Hussars stood in the portico. be • She turned and uttered a little cry 0" recognised Harry Selwyn. "Florence! " ot If his life had depended on it, he could 001,11 have uttered another word. They stood facing other in perfect silence. tha It was the voice of the Captain that broketor spell. "Give me your bag," he said in a Inlit of-fact tone, and held out his hand for it. his hod But Harry was before him. Putting gift on the handle of the dressing-bag which °Tie carried, he detained both it and her as he sal pleading tones: "Florence, what do you mean to do? ths‘ so mad and foolish! Has my aunt desetve"thief you should steal away from her house like a in the night? " Florence gave a cry, shuddered, and, e:5l one her face with her hands. The Captain o"'",„bich hand on her arm and the other on the bag, "doe was now in Harry's keeping. He gave it 5° lis wrench, but the lad's grasp was too firm, i failed to tear it from him. , "Let go, or I shall call a policeman bf Harry sternly. He meant nothing partict'flt) what he said, but the Captain gave vral an oath. cle A certain change in the man's face Ena ff. quick suspicion leap into Harry's brain: at* remembered Flossie's visit to the dressing.'" She had not seen or heard him. 1, 10 "You cannot leave the house, Flore,e'yeice said, "till I have opened this bag." Pti'l•tbolo sounded like the voice of some other mafl. to another word he carried it to a table, and open. It was full of jewel-cases! lo too She stood a yard or two away from him, at him with fear and horror in her eyes, the s diamonds between them. UP "You will not tell—you will not give re° she said in a hoarse whisper. He could only shake his head, but she"A cep stood. He suffered her to close the bag at"' door, it upstairs. When he went to shut the street he found that the Captain had vanished. • es its • . • • • • • Two months later Harry came upon Floreet het the Army and Navy Stores. She had a man side—the tall, military-looking man whom •Øe had seen look on with disapproval as Flossie /10 flirting with the Captain of Hussars. Ilea 1704 evidently in the height of good humour, ell the the fondest of glances from time to time little creature at his elbow. For one ir.frof Harry's eyes and Flossie's met. .A. look of ;$1: came into hers, and they said to him, asieti as eyes could speak—" Will you keep my And his answer was—"l will." eeeny A few week. afterwards he saw the annoti 1,7 of her marriage in the Times. He has ese Rendel, née Durant, several times since ;50letr. forced to confess to himself that sr 11 thoroughly contented with herself eV world. As for Sir William, he is

happiest of men.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
[THE END. 1 a Big THE M3NOTONY OF PLAIN VEG,--ft

HOW to Vary it. tba" et I Plain vegetables have a F4meness about then' oF apt to become very monotonous. The n'ilcdee`caro overcoming this,is to serve them with sauces. a good thickening of Brown & Poison's "Patee,;btowto Flour. In this way a wonderful variety can be; 6°oo For instance, you can have Cauliflower tift'olireji• Tomato Sauce, Gratin Sauce, Dech Sauce, NeradV Stuce, Butter Sauce, Brown Sauce, and manY °tat tgao tions to vegetables, each of which will be inu'tractl;.s a great improvement. Plain and practical insie,:ble for making these various sauces are giyea ioreepi• Poison's new booklet, "Simple Fish land ^ jt Sauces." Send id. stamp to Brown and Pnis°.4 I RIO, Paisley, and the booklet will be forwardc'e ! been prepared by Mr. Charles Herman Senn. tt tlse' Iknown authority on cookery, and contains

information.

to GRAPPaIiALL. , THE nutKrt CLUB.—The first eleven pal"; rot' Moore to play the return Match. rhe won the toss and sent in their opponents. '-otileurai ; Williams were the first batsmen and stayed tog og til 20 runs had been recorded, when the fore C stumps displaced. His colleague remaine,', steadily, and saw six batsmen dismissed. wneLiteil re° unfortunately run out. Williams score anioq. 00,00. and proved a most meritorious contribution. J 1 ppoi 18, and Kaye 15 came next, being, also, na',l,.`',Fpe, tliej Watson, with Bto his credit was nyt out. "--0401,101,a total Vort amounted to 122 for 8 wickets„ reAcwieL„ innings was declared. With the above total tv„ to milittle over an hour to do it in, Moore bag-00100e; the willow but only responded with 46. val/,i6 was called,and a wicket still to fall. Of 111 Woods play a good game for his 18, Wright, 01:1 with 17. For the visitors Caster bowll.rto6fe analysis read 4 wickets 8 runs, while Waruholi',,otiljoi four for 17.—The 2nd eleven, at home,met oloo"ocor5 Baptist's and suffered defeat by 28, the tot,,. the spe_ ,te to 76 for the winners and 48 for the losers. t',°' J. Albinson was the highest scorer, with I",;39rat;de ll knocked up 7, Taylor captured 5 wickets Bibby, Cliffe and T. Albinson for the Bapt,rr-01 00'; 17 and 9 respectively. Conway per'°„ipe 11 Or, with the hall taking five wickets for i;etsce' —On Thursday a fixture was arraaged,yolagn V ffi P,f ocers from Orford Barracks and the 0111hte, ,The morning was dull and threntenina,lt off until between twelve and one o'cloc" `Y,lcrie -' Pluvius, who has proved such a spoil sport if oiliochto circles Qf late, ence more tl.s.erted 44-11Arg. TO? tallied his assertions for more than tWO acln"ofirei,", after three, however, a welcome reak S'i4l,7ol' elands, the rain eased off, finally ceasirig- if di soon commenced. The officers batted fWt,.noved oifleof wicket in such •a wet state, running I),` thel;ots 4 cult matter. Naturally, small scores ruled, being to the fore. Only 22 runs came frlood' the players'f.Major Dyson 9; Lieutenant bes'Aft),rl:. Sergeant Stmre a • like number, showieg fiv-0170 Watson proved! Very effective with the ba Lit 16:,r10",(1 Warburton four for 14-, was also a difficult reap, 1,1(110 Grappenhall resporided with 98., not a effort, but just sufficient to clUita victorY• away the best dlspfay. with the go°(çsi by James - Burrows, who added 3„ittia•hitelr;od timely 14, when runs were at a Prer,-ci \‘'',ol7;eo were the next hightest scores; Wicks .T". 1. olthotsP-A. each having one to his credit. The hoNs;ndeibened, by Williams and Roddy, who both- trout-nen n`l,dr the former ,in particular. By the kind :-ers Lister-Kaye, tea was provided for tha taken of in the pavilion.

•'nun 0( .daY'• ' At Frodsham Petty -Sessions on ANcebef, d ,fit,(l Duckett, a Runcorn fish dealer, was cia3, r,g„eserft„tg'lliA,e4 posing unsound fish for sale. Alrs• jolt -- fendant's cart for a twopenny flu b°llke, a"' ,jaao9.4, returned with fluke which smelled a,;,, iaP,,;001,9 defendant would not return her moneY ',:ere'r 011- Sergeant Pratt.—Dr. Adams said the fisa,;:h tbe —Defendant alleged that he bought the 3` morning at Liverpool. He was fined 39-'"

-.*,1,...--,----..--..r

31. stei ,d 3 0101 „oiet • ep ,9 BLASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE CAPS C and all eases of Weakness and Swelling o' rine%Pt'-ecl, ; they are porous, light in texture, afprices 103:0" are drawn on like an ord,nary stocking. fie and 104 6d each Postage free.—VVO,Fr: Surgical Instrument and Truss bial'er— street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
• ,

...-----" 1 curie; he 1154

a )yery, the sei „lent 136 ci struck , of the Fle ce,A . . rely d"- Florence such a

hall, h• oats 115 d Tb" unable tries' bY ssed• ,rhatT a ugh oine of th.

listened, No ; n. )wer grat'f, d rain °-

0.13 he e sou:led dres s vako she r ,k to be

TO yd.

)ld ° ciing °ell brokC tili !Otter

his "licril the V, , said 1

Don t a t"/ rye '.• . a thi

rea 1 coveoo laid bieb ig, 'coo asenua h•

19 25i n „ vsy

ance' ice Øjø /o tit With it rid tore

164 1 100 0 :11, sto

he °der:l _nd Orr t do°

io lore°ce het ra 00 ie 00 lie vot avd Ole n lie .0a e jo' Or ,erf Of j 111( 3 PI: 'l' atC• loCeftlal et 111 lie a 100 510 tbe d

001,"

t i 5 OP of ie oirg io de.,( ;. Coa teli„tbtairltero bev a rov 3/114144dr other'o DI! t .00 on cc! $ 'fistortirooto.phie in Ve;evel* ,ison; It 1, .ded• 0,4 the h - [lnc

0- _.-,cltiY• • tls sgito erit elit 3 0;4e3 for e i• 431 ~erk;

ire no ..,te toi 1;1 ,rio- SP .O,A Rg°;,lol•A°. ,en; ,4. vis..por rP seo' es

===== 0002601_19030829_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
. 1 •- • •

More Judgment than Lucl.

A lady writes: "I have brought up five children, youngest note nine, and hate neVer had one case of Measles amongst them. I have never used any soap

IN THE NURSERY except

Wright's Coal Tar Soap.

It must be the Soap, and not pure luck." FOUR=PENCE per Tablet.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPUDENT OFFICE ROBBERY. Extraordinary Case at Warrington.

£73 10s. STOLEN.

t_One of the most extraordinary cases of robbery which 448 ever been brought to light in Warrington came Zbefore the magistrates at the Borough Police Court on ednesday morning. Joseph Winsber, a native of lton, who has been working at Warrington for the Past three weeks, appeared in the dock to answer to the efericms char,e of stealing a cash bag containing £73 10s. mni the offices of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and IroAo Company Limited, at Bewsey. 454,_ interesting statement of the facts of the case was -,,,nornitted by the Chief Constable. At about 10.15 on ilutdaY morning, he said, Mr. Peter Charles Price, who "lessrs. Pearson and Knowles' cashier, was in the geeework wages office paying a number of men through Zen Pay office window. He had a bag 'containing over -rt.*" In gold on the counter, besides some loose silver. 17,4 ere was a rusk of men, and these having been paid, L"l'sener came up alone and presented a ticket for 6s. 6d. Work amount due to him for the by-turn which he had v;ed• Prisoner had been in Warrington about three -6eks and was employed at the forge as an under-hand toddler. 'Mr. Price was about to pay him when prisoner vPI,II to dispute about the length of time he had worked. uing to verify his own estimate of the man's ces, Mr. Price went into the clerk's office to see What time had been booked to the prisoner. He took the treeaution to take the silver off the counter, IX for the moment most unfortunately forgot that the .2ttle bag of gold was on the counter in the office some feet away from the window. Mr. Price was not long andou his return he saw the prisoner half way ~,11:1,and'half way out of the doorway of the pay office, "ere he had no right.to be. However, that did not pcite Mr. Price's suspicions to any great extent, and b4e prisoner had the cool effrontery to receive the GS. 6 p• d• b •aa,res and leave th 3 office. Subsequently Mr. nee had occasion to get seine gold'and on going to the e:sh box where the bag was usually kept he found it hf:salissing. A search was hasti,ly instituted, but the _ could he not be found. Suspicion immediately fell on Prisoner, and, information was given to Sergeant wrence, the police officer employed by the firm, who communicated with the borouili police. Prisoner's !t&cciption was telephoned in different directions and !.tye the roads leading from the town were stopped. Luoh y next heard of prisoner going to the shop of Mr. utherden, jeweller, Sankev-street, and presenting himself in the light of a sort Of multi-millionaire. He told the gentleman who was acting for Mr. Southerden While he was away on holidays that he had had a large fortune left him, and produced the bag of gold saying heo was determined to have a gold watch now, and he !lVd have the best watch in the place. The manager ied prisoner one of the best watches in the shop, n _w itu d the price of it was £25. Prisoner at once bought t and followed up 4r9:d for 25. this purchase by getting an albert Seeing that the prisoner was a rara to' in that he paid cash he was allowed to —":e the watch and chain for £2B 18s. 6d. very substantial reduction. Prisoner then appeared have made some little purchases in the way of brandy !rig soda and fried.ffskland made out of the town. They v'ere indebted for the prisoner's' capture in no small reree to the prudent and prompt steps taken by his at 13,tiewt a horse driver named Stibbs Sparkes, residing Rewsey-street. The roads, besides being stopped, p},re immediately patrolled by policemen on bicycles. 1-:* Lewis set off on the road to Bolton, where it was 4eved the prisoner would go. Hearing that his uncle 13.-- suspected of the robbery, Sparkes set off on his Ycle and overtook the prisoner at Lowton St. Mary's, Leigh. He very prudently and cleverly passed the foundthout being recognized, and went on until he a constabulary office. He pointed the man that to the police at Lovvton, with the result tZt the prisoner was arrested. Almost simul- t7e,, noly p.c. Lewis came along from Warring- tja"e and received the man into custody. Prisoner go„?. had .231 odd and the gold watch, and 8-4,rd in his 'possession, and his career came to „genly and disastrously to a close. He was brought th_wle Warrington Police Station in a fearful state from Lta. brandy he had drunk, and he (the Chief Constable) cfs to have him watched in the cells. The sum of £l2 Still unaccounted for. They knew prisoner gave Zit_ t sovereign away with the air of a Mail who was e _d to doing that kind of thing. He asked a Man to go 4.,hd have a drink and dropped the coin into his pocket. If he had been doing 12 would soon melt. lithe' t( Chiefthe th -ay to Lowton thefor a remand for a week in order that tChoe nys he t) tarsyk et to l'ecover the rest of the money. Prisoner was remanded until Wednesday next.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRIDGEWATER TRUST.

I:he "Times" on Tuesday contained a three-column :are giving the history of the Bridgewater Trust, :14 eh comes to an end on October 19th next, when the estates which have been administered by the trustees over 100 years will pass to the Earl of Ellesmere,the uPeat beneficiary under the will of the great Duke of trldgewater. The history of the establishment of the hittit and its operations is full of interest, for it is 111tatelY connected with that development of corn- ti:in Lancashire which has cl-tinged the face of the ItY and influenced the whole history of England in th_ nineteenth century, and with it is bound up a rer in the story of a great family. attt a. tated that present Earl of Ellesmere, who, att., Ming his majority became the beneficiary, will thee to to the unfettered ownership of the property on t 0 of of the trust. It will make no difference 1194,1" I in income or wealth; but the absurd rumours that hbe obtained some currency as to his accession to obil:l°Lia fortune are understood to have made him an Ilia-het of Much solicitude and assiduous attention on Of many of those who are ambitious of dispos- tte il, other people's money in charity or other ways. has, 18 been very successful as a breeder of horses, and trat""laYa been keenly interested in " the sport of s:: While at the same time he has maintained the gra„,,Llons of his family and fully recognized in his lti."l,ather's words, "the duties that devolved upon qtlwith his inheritance," though the ample benevolence heldts Predecessors leaves him less prominence in this

I Don't say you can't iron

because you-r previous at- tempts have not been as successful as you could wish. It is next to im- possible to have good ironing with poor starch, and there are many poor starches sold in the shops. Colman's Starch is a good starch, a starch that stands the ironing test.

WARRINGTON V. HEATON MERSEY.--Played at Heaton Mersey on Saturday, resulting in a victory for the visitors by three runs. Score :

I HEATON MERSEY. WARRINGTON. 'J. T. Meadows b Podmore 56 P. B. Hawtin b Side- H. R. Makin b Lynes ... 1 botham .J. H. Halsall c Hampson . Lynes c Matthews b i b Lynes . 7 Sidebotham ; H. B. Crook c Podmore W. H. Podmore lbw b

b Bibby C. If. Smith c Podmore J. W. Bibby b 11!..1sall 5 b Bibby 2 B Silcock b Sidebotham H. S. Matthews b Lynes 2 A. Thewlis c Matthews E. W. Russell b Podmore 4 b Sidebotham ..1 ... 0 R. H. Cheetham b Lynes 0 T. Houghton b Halsall 16 J. Sidebotham not out 2 J. A. Briggs c Smith b Dr. Holt b Lynes 0 Sidebotham Ashworth b Podmore ... 1 J. Callon c Matthews b Halsall G. Hampson c Crook b Sidebotham T. Wright not out 1 Extras ...... 7

Extras .

Total 94 BOWLING AN. HEATON MERSEY. WARRINGTON. • 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. NV Lynes l5 825 5 J. Sidebotham 18 643 6 Thewlis J. W. Bibby W. H. Podmore 3.5 0 8 3 WARRINGTON V. HEATON MERSEY (SECOND ELEVENS). —This return match was played at Arpley on Saturday, and ended in a draw. Score : WARRINGTON. HEATON MERSEY. R. Pierpoint lbw b S. J. H. Stones cE. Pier- Williams R. Connor b S. Williams 8 C. Freedltuider lbw b J. Thompson c Turner b Bennett Murray W.Richarelson c Williams b Burton l7 b Freedlander J. Hallam lbw b Murray 7 J. Ogden c Plinston b E. Pierpoint rim out 9 Burton 3 Al Duckworth b Turner 14 G. Manning b Bennett 3 W. Hind bS. Williams ... 11 F. Cheetham b Bennett 2 D. Plinston c Manning b S. Knowles b Bennett 6 Cheetham F. Burton b Cheetbam A. Flowers not out ... 4 W. Bennett not out Extras l5 158

Total 97

Total

Extras

Total (for 8 wkts) 84

WALKER AND SON LIMITED, V. HOUGH GREEN.— The above match was played ait Hough Green on Satur- day last, and resulted in =exciting win for the Brewery team by the narrow margin of two runs. For the visitors W. Ashton and J. Milner bowled very well, taking &wickets for 5 runs, and 5 wickets for 15 runs respectively. Scores:—

BREWERY. J. Arbor run out J. Cain run out E. Allen b Cole W. Ashton c Alurphey b Laws J. Milner b Laws T. Newton b Cole J. Taylor b Laws R. Knight b Col J. Lloyd not out A. Price run out C. Unsworth run out

' HOUGH GREEN. 5 A. E. Cole c Ashton 0 b Milner 0 S. Forster b Milner R. Laws b Milner 9 A. F. Martindale b 0 • Milner 0 H. Warren b Ashton 0 T. F. Lewis c Cain b 0 Ashton 2 L. Kerry b Milner 1 L. Linaker c and b 0 Ashton W. Murphey c Allen b - Ashton " 0 H. James c Cain b Ashton F. McGovern not out 0 1 Extras

Extras ..

BORN TO DROWN.

During the inquest on Tuesday on George Edwin Fenn, aged nine, of Bow, who was drowned in the Ducketts Canal, the Coroner, addressing the mother after she had related the circumstances of the case, said, "Why, I see this is the fourth child you have lost by drowning.—Witnan : Yes, sir. My daughter com- mitted suicide whrn she was nineteen, and two others were drowned when nine years old.—The Coroner: Why, this one is the same age.—A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
L,. • lkivc .5 414 Ri. 1 t tiv,:4 .-4 1 ....,:

that C°lnian'a llama and auct, ..._ •

Soil in Cardboard. Boxes.

tho Bull's Read are cra he Box.

vrig. 478. 7 .!i12•11.11

===== 0002601_19030829_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
CANTILEVER.

I often stand upon the bridge When ships beneath go by, To view the vast expansive scene, And golden evening sky. Fresh blows the west wind from th e sea, Just as it used to blow, Beside the hills my native hills loved so long ago. In quiet shady lanes so near, Delightful walks we find, In summer when the golden corn Is dancing to the wind.

In Autumn when the trees are bare And falling leaves decay, They seem to whisper mournfnlly Ye cannot always stay. Though sweet the dawn of early spring And summer's perfumed breath, Yet in old age a kinder friend May be the angel death. In winter when the fields are white How beautiful the sky, The stream of never ending light Aud shining orbs on high.

Oh wonderful and beautiful Stupendous and sublime' No wonder that we yearn to live Beyoud the bounds of time.

S. KENYON

Aug. 1903.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

rp RH most pleasant form of entertainment during Summer I is the Garden Party, with its charming amusements of Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminto n. and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest perfection by the famous manufacturers, GEO. Bus aim & Co. Ask local Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue. • If not procurble, apply to 36 lc 38, Queen Victoria Street, London. Factories—Peckham, London; and Bitumen, Suffolk.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Shiq Cuards .41 Ki White-1/4, 1/11, (ALL LEATHER) 2/8, 3/8 per pair f.... 1/6, 1/11, Navy-1/6,2/6,3/6 2/8, 2/11. 111 4/8, 5/6 per pair

'The Forward' 1144.‘.. "The SCOT" 6/9, 9/6. ' \ Crlsoms. _ The Marvel game 11_ .......... _...... 6/g, 10/6. pattern brownsi- .7,111..111. For OTHER PATTERNS AND QUALITIES, SEE CATALOGUE.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
MODEST BROTHER, ARTHUR

At a meeting of Aston Liberals on Monday, Mr. Arthur Chamberlain was invited to become president of the Aston Liberal Association. Interviewed on Tues- day Mr. Chamberlain said he had not yet received the official invitation.but if invited,—and his name as presi- dent would help the association,—he would accept, but he did not want titles and positions if the assurances of support were sufficient. What I want," said he, "is to see a good Liberal returned *for Aston, with sound views on the education question, temperance, and' the trade.'

M COMM ERCIAL FA MMES.—According to "Kemp's prercantile Gazette," the number of new bankruptcy w oceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the eek• ending August 22nd, was 69. The number in the orresponding week of last year was 82, showing a decrease of 13, being a net increase in 1908, to date, of 32.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday August 29, 1903.

' further extension of the indepenaenee ......._ lindustry which have proved so beneficial in her own case. As for Mr. Chamberlain's wild 1 ravings about the Empire falling into dis- jointed atoms if his policy is not adopted, i that is pure electioneering bounce. As yet, not a single Colony has ever hinted that its union with the Mother Country is regulated by mere trade considerations.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOD AS THE PRICE OF EMPIRE.

[BY A COUREaPONDENTJ

iv is sometimes necessary to remind Mr. Chamberlain that the British Empire is a neither his sole property nor his exclusive charge. The same is true of many British citizens, who have just as little riJ as the Colonial Secretary to claim .the Esr pire their own. We do not possess the ; we are members of it. The slum dwelii-4. in East London; the farm labourer on the Welds of Lincolnshire, the crofter in the Highlands of Scotland, the Connaught peasant in the West of Ireland, and the Welsh dalesman,have all the same claim upon the Empire as a statesman in Downing-street. That claim is the right of citizenship in the federation of free and independent nations speaking the English language. The Empire has become strong; its separate States have become powerful; its citizens have become prosperous. This happy state of affairs has been brought about because we have not claimed the various parts of the Empire as our own to do what we like with,and have allowed the British love of independence and liberty to develop wherever we have planted the Union flag. The Empire, like the kingdom of heaven in one respect at least, has come without obser- vation, by natural and free growth. It has not been forced into its present healthy condition by artificial methods. Each State has developed according to its own ideas and re- quirements. Comparatively speaking, no one part has become a burden upon the others. Each has learnt to work out its own salvation in the manner best suited to its special circumstances. The bond of union between the Mother Country and• the Colonies has never become a fetter. Hence the union of the British people beyond the seas has grown stronger with years; mutual independence has created mutual regard. A century of industry and freedom has built up a great federation of British races.

Bur an Empire resting upon such a federation as this is not good enough for Mr. Chamberlain. It may have been good enough for a century of British and Colonial states- men, for the men who, like Lord Durham, first conceived the policy of Colonial inde- pendence as a means of Imperial unity. But the Lord Durham of those days is dead; so his policy is old and probably musty! Mr. Chamberlain wants to alter this policy and bring it up to date according to the Birming- ham standard. The Empire should be run on modern business lines. He tells us that the only sure and safe bond which will keep the Empire together is that of trade. Apparently that trade should be organised on the exclusive principles of a. Birmingham screw factory. Mr. Chamberlain is, of course, the man to show us how to do it. According to him, the Colonies will only remain a part of the Empire so long as the family connection means good business, and no longer. "There- fore," says he, "the working man must let us tax his food so that we can make it worth while for the Colonies not to disown the Mother Country." Mr. Chamberlain told us in the House of Commons on June 17th:

FISCAL UNION WAS THE NECESSARY BEGINNING OF FEDERAL UNITY, WITHOUT WHICH THE EMPIRE WOULD FALL INTO DISJOINTED ATOMS. To provide this "Fiscal union" we must, as Mr. Chamberlain said in the House of Commons on May 28th, "put a tax ,on food."

"IF you want to keep the Colonies ybu must pay them to stop " is, in brief, Mr. Chamberlain's idea of the only way the Empire can be kept together. Thus we see that the old bonds of kinship, common blood, common language, a common flag, and a common loyalty to the Throne are to be counted as nothing when weighed in the balance with Birmingham "business." It is hardly necessary to point out that such a disregard of all that Britons, whether at home or abroad, have considered sacred involves at once a slander upon the loyalty of the Colonies and an intolerable burden upon the British worker. Let us briefly consider what Mr. Chamber- lain's policy means. What does it mean to the worker ? If Mr. Chamberlain taxed all other

foods at the same rate that his friends say be will tax corn, viz. 2s. a quarter, it will cost the country 222,060,000 a-year. According to Mr. Chamberlain's estimate, the working classes would have to pay £16,500,000 every year to bribe the Colonies to remain within the Empire. It is estimated that the addi- tional cost of food alone would be for every working man and his family not less than £3 a year, and in many cases far more. An increase in the price of food must necessarily be followed by an increase in the cost of clothing, of house-rent, and of everything the worker has to pay for. But we cannot expect that Mr. Chamberlain or his friends would long be content with a duty of 2s. a quarter on corn. He has talked about a substantial duty on corn, and we can hardly reckon any- thing less than ss. a quarter " substantial. ' If Mr. Chamberlain's food-taxes at the rate of 2s. a quarter cost a working man £3 a year, what will it cost him if the rate is put at ss. a quarter I' And how do we know it wo,uld stop at ss. ? The probability is that once the workers of this country consented to have their food taxed. the duties on food would increase here as they have increased in France, from is. in 1880 to 12s. in 1902.

I NEED not remind you that dear food would not be the only peril the workers would have to face if they returned Mr. Chamberlain to power. In Great Britain, whenever food has been dear, other things have been dear too; work has been scarce and wages tow. But even if things were to remain as they are; even if wages were to do what wages have seldom or never done before when food is taxed —increase instead of decrease—we cannot

afford. to tax our food because of the large ' number of men and women who are constantly out of employment, and the still larger number who never have regular work. It has been estimated ttat there are 12,000,000 work- ing people in this country—more than twice the population of London—who either do not earn a "living wage" or barely earn it. What would an increase in the cost of food mean to these Nothing less than starvation, the prison, or the workhouse. "There are millions of people," said the Duke of Devon- shire not long since in the House of Lords, "for whom the margin between themselves and famine is very slender." But if we are to follow Mr. Chamberlain's plan we shall force starvation upon the poorest of the poor, the helpless hopeless, and homeless. The Briton, be he rich or poor, is patriotic. He will make sacrifices for his country, and give his life for her service. But an Empire which relies for its maintenance upon taxation wrung from the very blood of its weakest citizens is doomed to early destruction.

THANK goodness the Empire does not depend either upon Mr. Chamberlain or his policy. The natural forces upon which it has grown and prospered will continue in operation so long as they are not interfered with. Scarcely arybody but Mr. Chamberlain, in this country, has any desire to launch upon that suicidal scheme of his. It is very doubtful whether any large section of the Colonists are very auxious about the matter,,, Australia, which would gain comparatively little by a tax upon the British workers' food, is . notorioUsly indifferent. The Canadian House of Commons has passed a resolution in favour of Home Rule for Ireland as a means of strengthening the Empire, but it has not as yet asked the British working man to tax his food for the same reason. Canada recognises that the Empire can only be made stronfrAr bv thp

===== 0002601_19030829_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHE&7I

THE CAMPAIGN OF TILE AUTUMX,

Events in the political world are moving with rapidity, and all signs point to the near approach of a General Election. In Free Church circles it is strongly held that this election—whatever the desires of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain—must not be fought on the fiscal policy of the country, but on the EduCation Question. The Colonial Secretary is no doubt wise to introduce a problem of so disturbing a nature as to shift and change the grouping of parties, but he is unwise if he thinks that the country will now acquiesce in the education policy of the Government simply because it has been established. Because the Education Bill has become the law of the land its glaring injustice is not lessened; its methods of working has rather increased its gross unfairness.

THE NATIONAL FREE CHURCH COUNCIL'S POLICY.

Under these circumstances great importance attaches to the policy of the National Free Church Council. It will be remembered that at the Brighton meetings in March the Council instructed the Executive "to carefully consider and to formulate a definite educational policy to place before the country." The result of this mandate will shortly be seen. The National Council Executive, recognising the vast import- ance of the struggle on which we are now enter- ing, is laying elaborate plans to undertake a great campaign to ensure the vital reconstruc- tion of the Education Act. Meetings .will be held in all parts, the country will be flooded with literature, and the strongest efforts will be made to secure an adequate Free Church re- presentation in Parliament.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCH CANDIDATES.

As regards this last point something has already been done. A short time ago the officials of the \Libeial Party approached the National Council and expressed their strong desire to secure suitable Free Church candi- dates to contest seats at the next election. Dr. Townsend, the ex-President, and the Rev. Thomas Law, the Secretary of the National Free Church Council, promptly entered into correspondence with prominent Free Church- men in all parts of the country, and, as a result, many Free Church candidates have already been secured. Of course many more are required, and it is felt that suitable Free Churchmen who have the time and means should volunteer for this work.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRAVITY OF THE SITUATION.

Free Churchmen are gradually realising, as they never realised before, the extreme gravity of the battle on which we are entering. It is felt that it is to be a life-and-death struggle; we must either win, or be practically exter- minated politically. No efforts will therefore be spased to secure victory, by adequate pre, parations and hard work all along the line.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
MIS-ADMINISTRATION.

The two factors in the Education situation in the immediate present still continue to be the administration—or, rather, mis-administra- tion—of the Act, and the Passive Resistance movement. Of the mis-administration of the Act abundant evidences have come to light, and show that, while the Act in its conception was thoroughly bad, in its execution it is worse. Whatever may have been said for transferring the powers of the School Boards to the County and other Councils, it cannot be denied that the change has been effected with a great deal of Ir.._ Nonconformist representation. la many un el:, where the Free Churches were adequately rel.ret-ented on the School Boards, the new anthority, by reason of the election of coun- cillo:.-.; on other issues and the use of co-option, >ntains a scandalously low proportion of Non- conformists. Then of Mr. Balfour's boasted "double boon to Nonconformists " ; what degree of control is ensured in a case like that of the civ of Oxford, where, out of 121 managers, ot.ly 10 are Free Churchmen?

===== 0002601_19030829_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LEGAL ADVICE.

Legal advice in connection with Education continues to be in request, and numbers of cases have been dealt with by the legal depart- ment of the National Free Church Council. It cannot be too widely known that the National Council is always willing to help in cases of this kind. in many instances this help has been of considPrable service, especially in negotiations with the Board of Education and other public bodies.

REV. F. B. MEYER AND GIPSY SMITH.

There are probably fe* Men in the Free Churches more popular than the Rev. F. B. 1%1 eyer. 8.A., the President-elect of the National Fr( e Church Council. The Publication Depart- mect of that body, among a number of voluthes of especial interest to Free Churchmen it is issuir,g in the coming season, are bringing out two from the pen of Mr. Meyer. No doubt they will attain a wide popularity. A volume of Gipsy Smith's favourite solos is also to be issued by the National Free Church Council, and at a popular price.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTIIFIEI.D, THE CONVENTION CENTRE.

This month's Free Church Chronicle contains a well-illustrated article on "The Great Centre of Conventions." describing the work centreing at Northfield, U.S.A. Evidently it is a beau- tiful place; says the writer: "During recent years the place has grown in consequence of the establishment of the Moody Schools and Conferences. The growth, however, has not diminished the natural beauty. With a keen eye for all that is excellent in nature, Mr. Moody had no building erected that was not in harmony with the surroundings, and the whole campus, with its undulating sward and delightful trees, is in itself a charming picture."

===== 0002601_19030829_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCH MISSION VAN.

The National tree Church Council Mission Van. under the charge of the Rev. Jesse Mayo, has been kept busy in Norfolk during the month, and much good has resulted from the services that have been held. The rather un- seasonable weather has not greatly affected the services, and the crowds continue to hear the Gospel under the open sky.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
3IR. KELLY AND THE INQUISITIVE STRANGER,

In this month's Free Churchman the Rev. Chss. H. Kelly relates some "Humorous Side- lights of Church Life." It is natural that one with such a long acquaintance with ministerial life should have a store of anecdotes to relate, and some of them are very good. "In some parts of the country people are very inquisi- tive," says Mr. Kelly. "They are restless till they know who the strange minister is. One such man said to me in a tumble-down sort of omnibus, 'I don't know to what denomination you beloup," No, I do not think you do.' No. sir. but I should 4ike to know your name.' Yes, but what better would you be?' 'Well, sir, Ido not recognise you.' 'And I don't,re- cognise you: so let us both be thankful, be- cause, among other things, I am a prison chaplain.' Oddly enough the worthy questioner did not seem anxious for any closer acquaint- ance."

===== 0002601_19030829_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BETTING CASE. Hairdresser Smartly Fined. WATCHED FROM A WINDOW.

A betting case which aroused considerable interest occupied the attention. of Mr. F. Monks and other

, magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Monday. 1 William Mannering, a hairdresser residing at 105, , Mersey street, was summoned for frequenting and using Selby street for the purpose of betting on the llth,l2th 13th, and 14th August. Mr. Steel appeared for the defendant who pleaded not guilty. The Chief Constable stated that there were three charges against the defendant under a well-known local bylaw, which was levelled against street betting. The first information dealt with two dates, the 11th and 12th AuGust. They comprised one charge. The second information was that the defendant used Selby-street on the 13th for betting purposes, and the third information that he frequented and used the street on Friday, the 14th inst. The facts in each case were exceedingly short, and were almost identical in character. Manner- ing was watched by P.C. Clough from 12 noon to 2 p.m. lon Tuesday, August 11th—the date of the Kempton I Park meeting—and during that time he saw him in Selby-street take money and slips of paper from 13 men and pay money out 'to four men. The defendant several times took a book lor a folded sheet of paper i out of his pocket and made notes. He was also seen to leave Selby-street and enter a passage running betweenl Selby-street, Bostock- street and Green-street, and whilst he was in the passage , no fewer than 29 men went down it,but the officer was I not able to say what took place there. He was, however, I able to say that a great majority of the 29 men wrote I something on slips of paper before they went down the entry. Subsequently the defendant Mannering re-ap- peared in Selby-street. On the following dayKempton Park races were continued, and Detective Meacock and P.C. Clough together watched Selby-street neighbour- hood from twelve to two, and at 12.40 defend- ant appeared in Selby-street. Three men imme- diately went to him and handed him a slip of paper each, and on that occasion defend- ant paid several coins to one of the men and made notes. He then went to the corner of Bostock-street and paid some coins, and while the officers were watching they saw Mannering receive money and slips from 27 men, one woman, and a boy—a total of 29. One of the men , was known by name to the police. The defendant paid I money out to eight men and made notes. He opened several of the slips and placed:the coinsin his right hand pocket and the slips in his left hand pocket. The officers were all the time within a measured distance of • 42 yards from the point where they alleged the bulk of the bets were made. On several occasions on this date Mannering left Selby-street, went into the passage, and came back again. The facts of the 13th August were almost similar. It was the Keels Park and Windsor meeting, and Clough and Meacock watched from 12 noon till nearly two o'clock, and saw 17 men and two women hand slips and money to the defendant in Selby-street. They saw the defendant pay cash to seven men, and nearly all the transactions were entered in a little book or sheet of paper. Again he appeared to have gone into that mysterious passage and to have comeback again. The next charge related to the 14th August, andthat was the date of the Royal Windsor and Redoar meeting. The defendant appeared in the street about the usual time, and while the officers were watch- ing him they saw slips and .money handed to him by 14 men, one woman, and one boy. Money was also paid out to two men and one woman, and a book used as before.

P.C. Clough gave evidence as to the alleged betting on the first day.

Detective Meacock was called to support the state- ment in regard to the other charges.ln cross-examination he said the majority of the coins passed were silver, but he could not say exactly what they were. He and Clough watched the defendant through a window which was partly open. They did not look through the glass. They had opera glasses but did not require them as they could see distinctly all that took place. The Chief Constable: I measured the distance myself. It was 42 yards. The building was in a direct line from the place where the alleged betting took place and the position.was_an elevated one. _

P.C. Clough was again called and was questioned in regard to the window. He said that he and Meacock looked through the glass and did not open the window. It was, he said, opened a little on two days by the occupier of the house to let in fresh air. _ _ _

Mr. Steel, for the defence, contended that the case for the prosecution having beenclosed, it was • incom- plete inasmuch as the bylaw under which the proceedings were taken had not been7proved. He admitted that he had been unable to find any casel bearing on the point. but the editor of" The Justice of the Peace " laid it down that the bylaw must be proved in each case, and that unless it was proved no conviction could stand. The Clerk to the Magistrates ruled against Mr. Steel, and said it had been the practice of the Court to put in the bylaw to which was attached the Corporation seal. That had been done at the present case. Mr. Steel said if the bench decided against him the case might possibly go to appeal on the point he had raised. Continuing he said it was for the police to prove that the defendant had frequented and used this particular street for the purpose of betting. He sub- mitted that the evidence of two constables at 42 yards away, and who swore that they saw money and slips of paper passed between the defendant and the other people was not conclusive evidence of betting. He granted that circumstances looked suspicious, but the magistrates could not convict on suspicion. If the charge had been any other than that of betting . the magistrates would have required a much stricter proof before convicting, and if that was so with regard to one charge why should it not be so with regard to another charge? He questioned whether the officers could definitely say that slips of paper and money were passed to the defendant, because there was a material discrep- ancy in their own evidence with regard to the open window. First Meacock swore that the window was open and that ths police looked through the aperture, whereas Clough said that the winalow was not open except on two ocoasions, when it was opened only slightly to let in fresh air. There being such a discrep- ancyon a material fact he submitted that the evidence was not reliable.

The Chairman said there was no material difference in the evidence of the officers.

Mr. Steel then submitted that the magistAates could not convict on the last two informations, because going into the street for an hour on one day could not be called frequenting. As he understood it, frequenting a street meant using it often.

The Ch.aisiman : ' I shall call all this special pleading. The Chairman said the magistrates were quite satisfied that the facts had been proved but defendant could exercise the right of appeal on the technical point if he chose.

Superintendent Monaghan said that a little over twelve months ago the defendant was fined £5 and costs for street betting. in the same neighbourhood. The number of complaints the police had received about hint was enormous and he pressed the case most strongly. The Chairman said Mr. Steel had done his best for his client, but they were all quite satisfied that the cases had been proved, and that the street was being used constantly for betting purposee. The defendant would be fined £5 in each case and costs—.£l6 17s. 6d. Itogeth er.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH,

THE POSTPONED NIAVPOLE.—The Maypole dance of the children, that should have taken place on the occasion of the lowa flower show, was held on the show field on Thursday last. Twice postponed, it looked as though the weather would again prevent the dance taking plaoe, but towards evening the weather fortunately cleared up. The Penketh Tannery Band supplied the music, and the interesting and clever evolutions of the boys and girls were watched and applauded by a large crowd. The training of the children, showed much care, and they evidently enjoyed the dance immensely. BAND SUCCESS.—Last Saturday the Penketh Tannery Brass Band journeyed to Ellesmere Port to take part in a contest inaugurated by the Elles mere Port and Whitby Horticultural Society. There were ten entries and the awards of the judge were as follows: Ist, Ellesmere Port Public; 2nd, Tranmere Gleam;^ 3rd, Penketh Tannery; 4th, Crostield's. The test piece was a selection entitled "A Casket of Gems," and Mr. J. Harper was conductor of the Penketh Band. This success is very welcome, and the Band hope to achieve still greater things ere long.

CLARKE'S Bjl PILLS are warranted to cure, In either sex, all acquirdd or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains In the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 64. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throuxh, out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Compan- Lincoln.—

FLORILLNE t-2"0 INK TRETE AND BRlLLTN.—Mormagby cleanses the teeth frow ail parasites or impurittes. harden the gums, prennts tartar, stops dee&y, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price es. ed. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the ?Lorilins "Powder," of all Chemist& and Perfumers.— Add

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE eIAIR,—Ik your hair Is turning grey nr white or falling off use the fdir.xicaN HAIR -RENEWER for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes thekair charmingly beautiful, as wel as promoting the giowth. Price 34 6d per bottle.— .44 of*

To Slo-rditas.-11rs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their :thildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the roorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; *ma produces natural oniet sleep, ny relieving the child from pain and the little uhernb awakes "as b,dant as a button." Of all Chemists Is led Der h0t,1%. Advt.

Casumen I s the most sustaining _Food

on ea-rth

COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION, CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE for ANJE VIA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION. DIABETES. RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Write for free numb of CASUMEN, with LANCET report and full particular.. !tit, poet free Ia.—PRIDEAUX'S FOOD CO.. MOT- COMER, DORSET or thr,,uirh Chemist., St,ree. etc.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yeL we think the Idea might bc. im and reduced to a more simple forproved upon.% Take some goo- Colupound such 2:.

COCKLArS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, 14 and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. Zror BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

FREE vROM !MERCURY

===== 0002601_19030829_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

Do you receive these Wireless Messages?

They are about your health. When your health goes the least bit wrong, a wireless message is sent to your brain. ft says something like this.

"You are not quite well—take a dose of

at once and it will put you right."

Do you attend to these messages when you receive them? You should do so—BEECHAM'S PILLS often prevent a serious illness, and so

prove "Worth a

themselves

Guinea a Box."

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildt qg a Speciality. Lugest Ste ak o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BOOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and eularge4 to 160 pages, JUST PUBLISHED. _

With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application.

MORELL, 17 aid 18, GREAT ST. AMEN STREET, BLOOMSBUIY, LONDON, W.G.

Warehouses : 11, 12rand 13, eal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Addrese —h-Rabbitry, London."

• INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

^F iGOUT AND JRHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM! t

130, Holmley-terrace, Dronfield, Nr. Eheffield, _. October 23rd, 1932

Dem. Sir,—l am sending you my testimonial for your Pills I think they .re the finest things in the world, and have received great ber.efit from taking them. I have also ree3.n. mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary. and will recommend them whenever I can. E have tried several others, bot have not found any to equal. yours.

:Your trtily. JAMBS BROWRS.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS - Are pnfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurf matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. 10. and 25. 9d.„ or sent post free for stiunps or P.O. by the Propriet GBORGB BA.DB, 232, Goswelt-road, London, HEITIvr

EUMATIC PILLS.

0 • at is . wonderful water woofer for tßefis°l and pkreslicrAvßesNlF leatherhe. log with blacking. GOLD 7VIEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST Dwaina Lia ite AWAHDS. Tins ad.. 6d., 11.- 6.216 of Boot Makers, Saddkrs, Ironmorteers Sc. Manufactory East Dui-inch, London.

• • _ • • ~. A • ,""E' , Y • • , 54! P. ' , I t.

TOWLES

===== 0002601_19030829_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS

Arejustly celebrated all over the world as the most safe awl epee dy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lurabago. Omit, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other !Deposits, Stone in the Bladder. Discharges, and. Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every p.,tikage bears the Government stamp, with the words. "WALTER DB ROOS, LONDON." thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price is. 3d. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor Holtord House, Holford-square, London. W.C.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

I'HERAPI.Wiiii;;;;;;WfUI and highly • ribpular remedy. as em- ployod in the Continental Hospitals by fileord Rostan,Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the Wood, spots,blotches. pains and swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strictur discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheurnatiern,gout- sleepleseness.nery rue and physical exhaustion,etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars sendistamped ~ddressed envelope for pamphlet to

R: JOHNS° 17 43. FIALFORD-PQTJARE. Lrnni.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING' POW

TINS-3d.6d.15..8EU.0WS 90,

f -V .. , t I 4. \ . ~..)"- _ DER . , ..•. . , A i a ~,,•-••:: ' • • ~.„. ~ ~ : ;.,...1 _• :,: ..:. - -____ , • ..., . I ''>' •' • -% r 1.... .. .. • 4 T,,,,, ~•7 ~..:•-• It -FLEAS. BUGS,M I THS'BEETLES.- , ____

===== 0002601_19030829_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE BLOOD :S THE LIFE

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

===== 0002601_19030829_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who bay received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the lamity Doctor, which goes an further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost col:01.10mm recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blow, Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary Alone. It is the only real specify for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and 11s. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCO'LN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY II:COLN. Beware of worthless initiations.

CRFTCHLEY'S STARCH MSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN TARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. lhould be used in every house. )nce tried, always wanted. ES OLD LINEN LIKE NES% coon evAr offered tn the Laundresi for aratig an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen.Lues.etc does not stick to e k e mat srial t. ioll everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRITCHLEY. Chemist. BLIWICBURN. 7,lWhiter. ,er treet, London, B.C.

111 s oi MAK The greatest br impart' It

===== 0002601_19030829_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
. ; I 1 't: ' ' . i • , 1 ; ,'0 ' 1, ! e. i .', - : 1

!,,r.i ~ :il,l . . ~,,, ~, 4 _, . ,

===== 0002601_19030829_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S TARIFF PROPOSALS.

SIR CHARLES DILKE'S ARTICLE.

The special article, written for the "Examiner," by Sir Charles W. Dilkes M.P., on "Colonial Preference; Mr. Chamberlain's Proposals," will be found on page 3.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COBDEN CLUS.

MR. HAROLD Cox, Secretary of the Cobden Club, writes:— In your issue of August 22, a Mr. Hughes accuses the Cobden Club of being a lbreign institution. I have so often publicly denied this ridiculous allegation, that. it will be sufficient if I now repeat that the statement is as untrue in fact as it is malicious in intention. Mr. Hughes also asserts that the Cobden Club is run- ning away from a challenge given by Colonel Howard Vincent. This statement is also untrue. The Cobden Club always has been and still is willing to debate with Colonel Howard Vincent, Mr. Chamberlain's policy as laid down in his speech in the House of Commons on May 28th. It is for Colonel Howard Vincent to ex- plain why he evades this very clear issue.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FISCAL POLICY.-A TAX ON FOREIGN

CORN.

MR. EDWIN WOODS writes : I notice that many of the speakers and writers in all parts of Great Britain seem to be very much alarmed at the prospect that corn com- ing into this country may in future be taxed. I have been a Free-Trader all my life, but for the last few years I have thought that we were making a great mis- take to be Free-Traders in Great Britain, when other countries shut us out by protective tariffs. After due consideration I have lately come to the conclusion that if we tax corn coming in from Ameriea, Russia, and the Argentine Repubic, to the extent of ss. per quarter, and allow our colonies to send it in free, the price of corn will not materially advance if we impose the tax in the following manner. I suggest that we tax it to the extent of 5s per quarter, starting with is. the first year,and increasing it lat Is. a year, until it reaches ss. per quarter. While the tariff is gradually being raisedagainst thecountries who do not allow us to send in our products free, Canada; and the other colonies will be able to put into cultivation gradually, an increasing quantity, and as Canada has more land for cultivation than the United States, there is no reason whatever that they should not, in the time I have stated, be able to grow and send us as much as or more than America. By this means I maintain that -corn will not advance inprice to any appreciable extent. I admit,if you were to put ss. a quarteron the countries I have mentioned above, in the first year, not doing it gradually, we should be taxing ourselves, and shutting them out before our colonies hadhad time to increase their preduction of corn ; and unless I alter my opinion, instead of remaining a Free Trader, or, to be more correct, a ene-sided trader, I should be pre- pared to do all I cGuld for the candidate who would even put a tax on cvm, if he would. vote for it to be done gradually, SJ that the thing might right itself in four or five years. Last, but not least, whilst taking this extra corn from 4tatir colonies, we should be enriching them, and by this means it would cause an expansion in these countries in railways and other developments, concerning which if we could make a working agreement with them, their demands for materials from the mother country would be enormous.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
KR. W.P. RYLi NOS CLOSING WORDS.

M. W.P. RYLANDS writes Mr. Crosfleld's absence Mr. Parker,has favoured us with an explanation of the apparent discrepancylin Mr. Crosfield's figures,to which I drew attention in my last letter. This explanation only shows how unreliable statistics can be made. It ,would„never occur to me to eliminate inter-Australian Trade any more than that between Australia and Canada. The figures I gave constituted the whole of the imports of the Colonies, whether from foreign countries, from theiUnited Kingdon or from other colonies, and in estimating the amount of trade that it might be ,possiblefor this country to secure un- der a system of Prefereutial Tariffs, I made allowance for the inter-colonial trade which would no doubt be unaffected. I have the statistical abstract for the several colonial and other possessions of the United Kingdom before me,and I find that in the year 1901 the Colonies imported in round figures 100 millions from the United Kingdom, 100 millions from foreign coun- • tries, and 50 millions from other Colonies. Of the 100 millions at present supplied by foreign countries, the propertion which could be drawn from the United Kingdom must be purely a matter for conjecture. In character, the exports from the United Kingdom do not differ very materially from those from other countries, and every manufacturer who exports to the Colonial markets-experiences competition from abroad. The com- modities therefore which must be exclusively drawn from foreign countries cannot bea:large proportion of *the whole. Regarded :in this way I still adhere to my view that the amount of trade that might be secured by this country, at present lost, would be considerable, :and might wellrreach the figure of 50 millions named in my earlier letter, in addition to those other advantages to which I drew attention. Fox the moment I cannot usefully pursue this question farther. All I contend for at the present time is an open mind to consider any scheme which may be put before us, and when a scheme ' has been elaborated for our consideration I will be happy to take part in its discussion. In the meantime I must deprecate the unyielding. Toryism of men like Mr. Parker who pre-judge the iesue, and style as an ill-considered and unworkable scheme, a scheme the details of which have yet to be revealed. In closing my contributions to this correspondence I would like to quote the words of Professor Hewirs, one of our leading Professors in political econowy. "1 am clearly of opinion that the whole trend of economic method and investigations in recent times is in the direction indicated by Mr. Chamberlain,and that the breach of continuity of development would be not in abandoning, but in maintaining our present Fiscal Policy." -- MR. H. P. HUCHES ON THE HATTER AND THE BOOT MAKER. Mr. CHARLES E. PARKER writes :

I have read with interest the various lettersthat have appeared.in your paper from the pen of Mr. 11. J. Hughes. Although in no way subscribing to his con- clusions, deeming some of them at least to be based on faulty premises, 1 am glad to recognize one who thinks, reads, and takes an intelligent interest in the controversy of the hour. The great lack in these letters appears to me to be that Mr. Hughes ignores, or rather perhapsavoids, the great law of exchange. At consider- able length and detail, your correspondent has told as of the competition certain trades are exposed to by foreign imports, but he has told us nothing of the indus- tries engaged in the export trade, which are createdand which are the natural and inevitable result of free imports, nor of the home trades aided by cheap imports. In the last letter I think for the first time, there is mention of the goods taken in exchange. It is true it is contained in a quotation, cf which, by the way, Mr. Hughes' letters largely consist. But inasmuch as Mr. Hughes characterizes the essay of the author of "Made in Germany." from which he quotes as "broad and statesmanlike," and speaks of Mr. Williams as "one of the greatest of our political economists," we may take it that Mr. Hughes approves the reasoning and adopts the conclusioas. It does, however, appear to me a strange thing that a thoughtful man like Mr. Hughes cannot recognize and discard the fallacy cOntained in the following "gem of political economy" :—"lf a hatter sells a hat to a bootmaker and buys a pair of boots from one who also dwells within the same country or union you get a double exchange within the same area. Suppose the hat and the pair of boots to be each valued at 11 the wealth of the country is increased by the raftwafacture of 12 worth of goods. If on the other hand the hatter sells his hat to a boot- maker in a foreign country, and buys a pair of boots in exchange, from a foreign maker there is only one exchange and only LI worth of wealth created within the country or the territory of the union. For the pros- perity of the people inhabiting the territory, therefore it is desirable that the exchanges should, as far as possible, be made within the territory." Now let as examine and apply this "gem of politi- cal economy "to the question of our international ex- change. Let us suppose thehatter in question has been buying boots for 22sf rom a home producer,and a foreigner offers him equal value for 20s. It does not concern us here how they are produced, whether by more economi- cal manufacture, or whether it is a case of selling be- low cost, commonly called "dumping." Now in this case instead of giving a hat worth £1 and 2s. extra the hatter has only a hat value 11 to give in exchange for the boots. He has therefore 2s. ,to spare and to spend in his own country on some article labour has produced. If his production of hats for home use is say I,oooa week,and he sells one abroad, there is the extra labour produc- ing the extra hat. But what of the bootmaker who has had a pair of boots less to make because of the imported pair? Simply thiAl. That the labour employed in making a pair of boots is replaced by the labour employed in pro- ducing the exported hat. *ln the amount of labour ern- ployed there is therefore no loss its Mr. Williams mm- plies. There is the same amount of value in the country I only part is got by exchange, hut in this exchange 2s. I is gained by the hatter, and can be spent in purchasing I the productof labour in some other direction. Multiply ' this gain by the multifarious exchanges with foreign products and some idea will be got of the national gain through international trading. But it may be argued that there is an inconvenience caused to the individual bootmaker, and that it is small consolation to him that the loss he sustains is made up by the increased trade of the hatter. I grant this. Free Trade from a national standpoint I ist always profitable, although individuals may suffer

from the transference of trade. I am in entire agree- ment with Mr. Hughes that all the advantages are not on one side. It is like a game of whist, tricks will go •to both sides, but I claim that the Free Trade holds most of the trumps and always comes out right on the rubber. The inconvenience, and sometimes hardships, resulting from the changes in employment are by no means peculiar to Free Trade. They may be due to many causes, such as the introduction of machinery, change of fashion, some new invention etc. But are we like the Ludites, to smash machinery, make change of fashion illegal, and discourage invention because cer- tain individuals are inconvenienced, thereby? The test of Free Trade and every other national question is whether or not it is for the general well-being, for the good of the greatest number? This is a great national question and must be viewed from a national standpoint. Mr. Hughes in-one of his recent letters stated that the advocates of Protection were those interested in trades injured by Free Trade, and the defenders of Free Trade, naming Messrs. %V. H. Lever, A. H. Crosfield and C. E. Parker were these whose industries were not yet threatened by foreign competition. I notice in the last letter that Mr. Hughes significantly omits my name, and only repeats those a the other two gentlemen. Pro- bably he has found out that the leather trade, in which I 'am largely interested has had as strenuous a fight with foreign imports as the iron and steel trades, and this being so, it may surprise him to find that I am resolutely attached to the Free Trade policy, and prepared to do all I can to defend it. Itwould not be fitting on my part to claim for myself any greater patriotism than the advocates of a Protectionist system, but I cannot help thinking that those who view this subject solely from the standpoint of their own trade take anarrow view of the question. If it were possible to limit Protection say to the iron trade or to the leather trade, I doubt net that those industries would flourish, at any rate for a time at the general expense. It would be satisfactory if we could carry out the wish of a man engaged in the herring trade, who wrote to Sir Robert Peel saying he was a convert to the Free Trade policy in everything but herrings. But inasmuch as partial Protection is impos- sible, because it is impracticable and unjust, and if adopted all round the temporary benefit to particular trades would soon be lost by the set back to national progress, I claim—even looking at the question solely from the standpoint of individual gain,—every manufac- turer should stand by the policy which makes for per manent general prosperity.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
A LONDON CORRESPONDENT AND MR. HUGHES

A LONDON CORRESPONDENT writes : I see that your writer Mr. H. P. Hughes condescended to notice my few remarks but has not ventured on an answer to them, but has written quite in accordance with the Old Bailey tradition and Jingo style: "No case, abuse the plaintiff's attorney." I notice he is again largely quoting. I suppose the Mr. Williams he is quoting from to be the one who writes in the "Windsor Magazine." If that is the case your reader will no doubt have seen his fallacies exposedlongago. I rather like Mr. Hughes' assertion "that the Free-Trade party will oatch the workingman by appealing to his stomach," especially when we consider that Mr. Joseph Chamber- lain and his followers began the attack on Free-Trade by saying that the workingman would have more money to spend, and use, and live upon. I give the following as an illustration of German "dumping" in this country. Much of the prosperity of the Tyne at the present moment is due to the cheapness of steel plates—the raw material of ship building—the low price of which is one of the chief grievances against Germany. Among the thriving factories which have grown upon Tyneside in recent years is one for the manufacture of ships' fittings. This firm is at the present moment engaged on a large order for German ships, now building or lying in German waters and makes th.esefittings out of German steel! Germany is not only sending us iron and steel but at the same time• she is sending us employment for our workers, and then buying back from us the products of their labour. The following is a list of the rapidly increasing Ger- man imports : German imports of manufactures only. 1880

1890 1895 46,000,000

• 1900 Does not this point to the factthat duties are largely a failure, so far as keeping goods out is concerned, but they unfortunately succeed in putting up the price. America has in the last three years increased its im- ports by £30,000,000. The Inland Revenue report for 1902 shows that the tales of ruin in the British iron trade are not correct. They give ironworkers' profits as follows:- 2. 1897-98 1898-99 1899-00 1900-01 1901-02 I like the letter about the Summer House. Ido not think the maker was a Warrington man. He would soon have supplied that Summer House and others too, and made a profit. There is no way I suppose of sending the wood as raw material and a man to work it up. I have heard of similar things being done and not many months ago. No. a Warringtonian would have got over the difficulty. Fleet-street could not see its way. I admit it has been difficult to follow Mr. Hughes in his papers. They have, to use one of his expressions, been more plausible than practical." They appear to have a lot of" Grub-street "about them.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. A. H. CROSFIELD REVIEWS the

SITUATION.

IMr. A. H. CaosFrELD,writing from St. Moritz, Switzer: land, says : _ Thank you for your most apropos quotation in your leading article in Saturday's "Examiner" from Mr. Chamberlain's speech in the 'House of Commons, where he stated that he was prepared to go into any workman's house and say: "Now this policy, if it is carried out, will cost you SO much a week more than you pay at present for your food . . . . and I will give you a table from which you can tell for yourselves how much extra wages you must get in order to cover the extra expenses of living." How does this square with the remark in hislletter to Mr. Griffith Boscawen that, "las regards food there is nothing in the policy of tariff reform which I have put before the country which need increase in the slightest degree the cost of livinc, of any family in this country "? In other words, Mr. Chamber- lain when he first announced his policy stated that it would mean an increased cost of food, and therefore increased cost of living for the whole country, the chief burden of which of course would have fallen not only on the working class, but on millions of others who have to eke out a living on slender means. Well, to put id mildly, this precious proposal did not commend itself to public opinion. There are no doubt many ramifications and complexities in this subject, but there are certain main features which are pretty well "understanded of the people" already. In the first place our Home trade is at least five times greater than our Foreign trade, and as increased cost of living means diminished power of spending, the demand in the Home trade as a whole would have been reduced. But that means less trade and less demand for labour, and in face of this how many manufacturers are . willing to promise their employees the higher wages that are to compensate Orem for the increased cost of living? I have not met with one. As regards Old Age Pensions, the" Standard" news- paper rather naively and very truly observed that this might easily have been taken for a bribe : and a bare fsced bribe it was. But the hook, even with this bait has not been swallowed. "Once bitten twice shy" and Mr. Chamberlain has juggled with this question of Old Age Pensions so often thathis promises Are now taken cam. grano sails, and a very big grain of salt at that. That this question of Old Age Pensions will have to be dealt with in the near future we know very well, but unless I am very much mistaken the operatives of this country will only entrust this difficult yet pressing and important question to those who will deal with it as such, rather than those who have simply used it for electioneering purposes. And so this pretty little plan did not catch on. The average Englishman failed to see how we are to increase our prosperity by increasing ourexnenses, and therefore Mr. Chamberlain performs a volte face with his usual dexterity and says he is not going to increase the cost of tiring at oil! No doubt'he is wise to do this, but even his most" thick and thin "supporters may well be staggered by the amazing levity with which he sets to work to pull up our whole fiscal and commercial system by the roots. It really looks as if he had attempted to think outneither theinethods nor the consequences of his desperate undertaking. And what a mockery and 1 sham it is to pretend that by reducing or abolishing taxation on tea and sugar a fair and adequate set-off to taxation on bread and mutton can he secured to the people. The" Spectator " which has written admirably upon this great issue from the commencement, has a, capital article in last Saturday's issue. Bat there is a very important, point which is not alluded to at' all in this article. Perhaps the "Spectator" ,does not approve of a "Free Breakfast Table," but that well trodden plank in the Liberal plat- form must be familiar enough to Mr. Chamberlain. How are we to get it? Not by continuing the reckless and lavish expenditure—and increase of expenditure—of the last sev n Years, but partly by reasonable economy and partly y tapping a vast source of revenue in the taxation of land values. You have allowed the to urge in your columns more than once the supreme import- ance of this reform, and it is not necessary for me therefore to trespass on your space by discussing it in detail here. Like the Fiscal controversy, it has no doubt its ramifications, but the main and vital con- sequences of such a reform are plain enough in all conscience, and while they affect the future welfare of the whole population of thelUnited Kingdom,are specially and vitally interesting to the dwellers in our towns and cities. Because for them the issue isnot onlyeconomical but physical as well. The taxation of site values in the neighbourhood of big centres of population at the value their owner puts upon them means that they will not, as heretofore, be frequently held for speculative pur- poses, but come into the market. That will give

===== 0002601_19030829_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday August 29 1903

builders their opportunity—under proper supervision— and by a natural process we may come to seerealised on a large scale those garden cities which are the hope of so many of the best minds of our country. At the same time the pressure of population at the heart of our towns and cities being reduced, rents and the value of land there will fall and municipalities will have it more in their power therefore to acquire land for the widen- ing of streets and the conveyance of workpeople to and from the manufactory to the suburbs. There are many things yet to.be done to mend (in the old phrase) the health, wealth, and happi- ness of our people, but this great reform which the Liberal Party has yet to grapple with will do more in thisldirection than anything else. The mental and physical advantages it must confer upon dwellers in towns and cities are obvious enough, and I need not here expatiate upon them; for the purposes of this letter it is the economical, side of the question that most concerns us. Taxation—just and adequate taxation—of land values will bring in a large revenue and therefore substantially reduce taxation in other ways. Then will come the turn of the "Free Breakfast Table." A Free Breakfast Table we ought to have, but not at the cost of a dearer dinner and supper table. But Mr. Chamberlain has told us we have the choice between making sacrifices or disintegrating the Empire. I imaeinei there are not many' of us either at home or in the bolonies who are unwilling to make sacrifices for the Empire. Is net England doing pretty well already in offering a free and open market for Colonial goods, and at the same time bearing the heavy burden of Imperial defence? And is it not elear the Colonies are alive to this? The conference at Montreal has made it amply clear. If space admitted one wouldlike to analyse a good deal that was said at the Conference which is of he highest significance. The real import of Sir Wilfrid Laurier's speech cannot be mistaken, and I respectfully draw the attention of your readers to it. There is one other point to which I would draw atten- tion, and which has reference to the taxation of raw matprials. Mr. Chamberlain has told us that such raw materials as wool and cotton are not to be taxed, but if we come to bargaining with the Colonies in order to get at a Preferential Tariff they will undoubtedly insist on a voice in the matter,and that also. has been proved plainly at this Conference. You have Mr. Peasoek of Hobart, Tasmania, saying that he thought there would be no harm in putting a tax on wheat in the interests of Canada; ,but why," he asked," should the Australian wool merchant not have preference as well as the Canadian wheat grower?" Then Mr. Worrell has been writing to the " Times " from Sydney assuming that "the people of Great Britain and Ireland will have to pay a little more for their food stuffs and even a few of their raw materials." It has also been suggested on behalf of Canadian timber growers that they would have an equal claim to assistance with the Canadian wheat growers. What a prospect this opens up! ! And yet, with much protectionist talk at Montreal have we heard any threats that the Empire will break up and the Colonies seek other ties unless Mr. Chamberlain'sspecifics are adopted? We hear nothing of the kind. The Colonies are natur- ally enough willing to take as much as we wish to give them, but speaker after speaker declared that nothing was clenrcttAled from the mother country. After all the Colonists are reasonable people like ourselves, and they recognise that we are already treating them handsomely, and that they have in fact the best of the bargain. In the face of this it is no use Mr. Chamberlain trying to make our flesh creep with threats of dissolution of the Empire. On the contrary one *ell understands Sir Edward Grey saying as a strong Imperialist that he "dreaded substituting the bond of sentiment for the bond of bargaia." I see Mr. Hughes in a candid, interesting and in part amusing letter has been drawing a dark picture of things as they are, and as they are likely to be if England sticks to Free Trade. I wonder if he has studied the figures given us by the Board of Inland Revenue, or if he thinks the condition of any other people in Europe un- der protective systems will compare for one instant with the condition of our own people under Free Trade. May I again ask you to extract the figures summarised for us is last week's "Spectator," and to give as muchlof the valuable comments on those figures as you have space for. I think if Mr. Hughes will kindly consider the real facts as stated so clearly and forcibly in this article it will much add to his peace of mind. I notice in his letter a reference to the Soap Trade., Well the total exports of English soap are under 50,000 tons a year, and the total imports of soap are less than a quarter of that figure, and Ido not see what is to be gained by comparing a trade of small dimensions like this, with other trades that run into so much bigger figures both in weight and value. But if Mr. Hughes means that English soapmakers do not suffer at all by the protective systems of Foreign countries, he is entirely under an illusion. Makers of machinery may said, and do send their manu- factures in large quantities to Germany, the tariff not- withstanding. But the tariff on soap shuts us out com- pletely from that market, and we are similarly shut out from other big markets such as Russia, Prance' Spain, America, Canada and Australia. But does Mr. Hughes think that by preferential trade the Canadian and Australian markets will be opened to us? On the contrary, both Canada and Australia have plainly told us they mean to continue to protect their nascent industries. Whether it is in all cases an advantage for them to do so we need not stop to consider. Let it suffice that we have to deal with that fact, which stares us in the face; and as regards the protected Continental markets, we have seen from fiscal warfare between themselves what a delusion it is to think that they will pull down their protective barriers if we begin to raise OUTS. There is another side to the question. and as Mr. Hughes has raised it I commend the following facts to his attention. There are a great many markets in the world where we have to compete on even terms with the other manufacturing nations of the world. There is China, the Straits Settlements, India, Citl)e Colony, Egypt, other parts of Al rice, the West Indies and other markets I could mention. Very well, the German ' makers who are small and the American soap makers who are large have both made a pretty stiff fight for the Isoap trade in many of these markets,and as a result of it all where do they stand now, with their trade in these markets where we compete on even terms? lain glad to tell Mr. Hughes that their share of this soap trade is a mere bagatelle as compared with the export of English soap, and th.ereason is very simple. Although unfortunately shut out from selling in some markets, we are able to buy in the cheapest and therefore our cost of manufacture is lower than the cost of manufac- ture in America, Germany, France, Russia etc.,—these countries that ,enjoy the blessings of Protection—and they are beaten in the longlrun,—notzeithstanding cer tam n rebates on materials used in manufacturing soaps for export which are allowed in come of these countries. _ _

shipping returns for 1902 are ten millions. Thirty I years before they were only six millions. The savings-bank deposits have doubled in twenty years, while those of the Friendly Societies have trebled. We cannot, however, to-day do more than just touch on thesesides of prosperity. and must be con- tent with pointing out that the Income-tax figures are an absolute and conclusive proof that we are not living on our capital and" bleeding to death," bat just the reverse. No doubt the Protectionist, driven from his " bleeding to death" position, as he must be will say that even if Free Trade has not im- poverished but enriched us, Protection would do the same, only far more quickly ;add that if we want to reach heights of prosperity yet undreamt of, we must follow Mr. Chamberlain's moving light across the fiscal morass. Strange as it may seen to the Pro tectionist, we prefer the smooth road which we are already on—a road which we know is going in the right direction—to any so-called short-cut across a doubtful bog. the only recommendation of which short cut is that it has been used by a great many foreigners. Unless we are greatly mistaken, this will also be the answer of the nation.

Rough corners to be rounded off in our prAsent fiscal systerathere may be, questions of bounties in some cases to be considered. If there are let us have these specific cases and consider them on their merits. A bona fide enquiry of that kind we are willing to listen to, but an attempt to bullyor cajole us into a disistrous Protectionist re-actionall along the line (and that is what is really being threatened) we will reiist to the utmost.

THE GROWTH OF THE NATION'S WEALTH. "THE SPECTATOR" of last Saturday says : "The most striking comment yet made on Mr. Chamberlain's policy is one not made consciously or directly, or by anj partisan, but accidently or automatically; and certainly quite imps.rtially, by a great public office. The Annual Report of the Com- missioners of Inland Revenue, issued on Wednesday, shows with a quite astonishing degree of com- pleteness the folly and fatuity of the Chamberlain proposals. If fiscal Blue-books were read by the electors, this last edition to theirnumber could not but have the most crushing effect. •It is the final answer to the plea of the Protectionists. Let us see how .this comes about. If you search the Prof tectionist plea to the uttermost—that ocean of error of which "the Chamberlain policy" is a gulf or inlet—you will find that it rests on the allega- tion that Free-trade is ruining the country. The Protectionist asserts that we are "bleeding to death." Let us turn to the figures supplied by the Board of Inland Revenue, and apply the test. The Com- missioners in their report have selected for com- parison the incomes brought under review in certain series of years.—i.e., in the years 1868-69 1875-76, 1891-95, and 1901-2. In 1868-69 the gross income brought under the review of the departmett was £398,791,000; in 1875-76 the figures were £511,376,000, an increase of £145,582,000, or 36'5 per cent; in 1894-95 the gross income was £657,097,000; in 1901-2 it was £866,993,000, being an increase of £209,896,000, or 319 per cent on the gross income In other words, then, during the period when the 6 bleeding-to-death "-and-living-on-our-capital pro- cess has been, according to the Protectionists, fully at work the gross income under the review of the Bsard of Inland Revenue has risen from £544,370,000 in 1875-76 to £866,993,000 in 1901-2. If this is living on our capital, the process is surely one which we ought all to follow. But what makes these figures the more-remarkable, as the Commis- sioners point out, is that the years with which the present state of things is compared were years of abnormal prosperity. Very interesting, too, is the table as to investments abroad. We are perpetually being told that every year more and more of our foreign investments are being thrown out to the wolves of foreign Protection—i.e., have to be sold to pay for our imports. What are the facts? A table in the Blue-book- which presents a survey of such income for a period of twenty years shows that the amount has almost doubled, rising from £31,890,000 in 1882-83 to £62,550,000 in 1901-02. Clearly there is not much "bleeding to death "going on here. We have dealt as yet only with the evidence that we are not living on our capital afforded by the Income-tax returns. If, however, as the " Standard " points out in its excellent leading article of Thursday, we go to the returns dealing with the Bankers' Clearance-house, British shipping, savings-banks, and the returns as to Friendly Socie- ties. the same story is told,—i.e., of increasing capital. The Bankers' Clearaace-house figures are nownearly double what they were in 1871. Our a

Steel Company are making over 200,000 tons of WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS steel a month, and President Schwab said to me, the other day, that he believed that, in . _ _ _

a short time, a:third of it would go abroad." By "abroad" Mr. Schwab would mean, to a large extent, free-trade The Congested State of the Hospital. Britain. Trade, like all things else. follows "the line of least resistance," and Britain with its free trade policy, ' A meeting of the Warrington Board Of Guardians was is the easiest market to " rush" with surplus stock. As held in the Board room at the Workhouse on Wednes- Mr. J. Buckingham rope says, "By parting with the day morning. Mr. A. Brooks presided and there were cream of her working classes (emigration),and receiving also present: Mrs. Clay, Rev. Father -Wilson, Dr. in exchange the residuin of other countries (attracted to Murray, Messrs. J. Billing°, T. H. Ashcroft, A. J. our shores by the' cheap buying 'principle), Britain Jolley, T. Halton, William Houghton, G. Mather, G. has converted this kingdom into a' forced sale' shop, Pilling, J. Clarke, J. Turton, with J. C. Sutton (clerk), for the surplus products of foreignriations, and into a and 'A. Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools). dust-bin for the very off-scouring of their populations. THE RESIGNATION OF THE LAUNDRESS. Unless the position is speedily changed, the English na- tion will are long present such an exhibition of deteri- Miss Louisa Moss, who has resigned her position as orated humanity, as the world has never before gazed laundress, wrote asking for a testimonial. upon." The matter was referred to the House Committee. Returning to Mr. Carnegie, perhaps one of the most THE PADGATE SCHOOLS COMMITTEE. valuable contributions made, in modern times te the TWO RESIGNATIONS. discussion of the great subject of Free-trade v. Protec- At. a meeting of this committee, Mrs. Murphy and tion, is the article written by Mr. Carnegie forT e ' " h Mr. W. Antrobus having tendered their resignations it Nineteenth Century" of February, 1898. Five years ' ' ' ago, it was far easier to write calmly and dispassion- was decided that their successors be advertised for the . , salary of the roster motner to be22o,and that of the clerk ately upon this topic, than it is to-day; hence, the £l5 ayear with board and lodging subject to the terms article in question carries more philosophical weight. of the Superannuation Act. It was recommended The article is headed "The Manchester School, and that the teader of Messrs. Williams and Clay f the y or To-day." It carries us back 60 or 70 years to the days of Villiers, Cobden, Bright and their colleagues. Mr. supply of the kitchen range for number 3 home at 10s. net be accepted. Carnegie explains how the coincidence of the steam- Mr. ASHCROFT moved the confirmation of the minutes. ship and the railway train arriving at that period, has i Mr. MATHER. secondedandthe proposition was agreed IA3 given Free-trade a long term of apparent success, and he + • , IMammousty. shews how the theories of the Manchester School have A RETURN OF PAUPERISM. bitterly failed in actual practice, when the ; The CLERK reported the receipt of a circular letter "boom" created by these great inventions had from the Local Government Board asking for a return spent itself. I dare only rsk space for a showing the number of paupers chargeable to the Union brief quotation or two selected almost haphazard:— on the Ist September, 1903, who were over 60 years of "He is a poor citizen who does not prefer and patronise his own country. rather than foreign lands. . . . age, • including indoor poor over 60 years of age and under 65 65 and under 70,70 and under 75, 75 and under "Every nation of the first rank, or which has the ele- -80, and 8,5 years and upwards, and under the heads of meats of future rank, has rejected the role which the males, females, totals, also giving the number of same Manchester School assigned it, and aspires to manu- who in the opinion of the medical officer could not facture for itself." " So far from the resources I satisfactorily take care of themselves, owing to mental of other nations being generally meagre and unsuitable for manufacturing, assumed, the success of their maim- or their people Incapable, as the lor physical infirmity. Also under the same heads the Manchester School. respective numbers or corresponding ages in receipt of out-door relief, also of all ages from 16 upwards, indoor facturing efforts' generally speaking, has been surpris- and out.-LERK said he had complied with the request. -door. ing." . . . "Free exchange of commodities was the watchword of the Manchester School, but it was un- U The dreamt of, then, that the commodities of the new lands, THE ACCOMMODATION QUESTION. sent to the Old Country,might take the form of compet- RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE HOUSE ing manufactured articles,which makes all the difference." COMMITTEE. Mr. Carnegie's essay upon this subject is a masterly A HANDY-MAN APPOINTED. effort, giving an unbiassed view of ourselves " as others see us." Probably no man will ever again be in a •At a meeting of the House Committee on the 14th position to write the story of the Manchester School,las August it was resolved to repay the Master the sum of Mr. Carnegie has written it. He unites an almost impos- ; three guineas railway expenses incurred in coming and Bible set of conditions—wealth beyond hope or fear ; taking over duty at three different periods, the same to of place or party; commercial ability, experience, Ibe paid out of petty cash, and in lieu of salary for the and success beyond parallel ; and a native and resident 'same period, to vote the Master a gratuity of £5, sub- and lover of Britain, whilst yet so circumstanced as to ject to the sanction of the Local Government Board. be able to look on, neutrally and impartially. I The congested state of+the hospital came under con- (To be concluded next sideration. Messrs. Brooks and A. J. Jolley • had been week.) specially appointed to go into the matter and met the Medical Officer and the Master. Eventually it was decided to adopt the scheme outlined by the Master which would- considerably -ease the pressure. On the motion of Mr. A. J. Jolley, seconded by Mr. Brooks it was unanimously resolved to paint and do up the old hospital block in- side and make provision for twenty additional beds for the male side and twenty for the female; tolblock up all back entrances ; to erect suitable partitions between the sexes; to lay on the electric light, to connect all lava- tories with water, and generally render the building habitable. Suitable quarters will be prepared on the female side for the laundress, who can be adjacent at night in case of any. emergency, and with respect to the male side the appomtmenti was recommended of an additional male officer who shall be a handy man and sleep on the male side. The handy man will be required to do all the plumbing arid glazing work, to carry out all the .painting inside and outside the house, to have .£25 per annum together with the usual emoluments and two suits of uniform a year, one a working suit and one a duty suit. The Master sug- gested that Samuel Dirkett, plumber, of Southwell and a handy man at the Southwell Union be appointed and was agreed to. The whole of the painting and doing up of the Infirmary block will be. carried out by this additional officer, together with the general up-keep "ef the whole establishment and it is safely assumed that bythis arrangement the Guardians will' save a consider- able expenditure hitherto paid.for this class of labour. The 'new beds will be chiefly utilised for an intermedi- ate establishment between the hospital and the house and will still be under the supervision and care of the superintendent nurse who will be required to visit them two"! three times daily, to be responsible- for the female bathing and the general cleanliness. The male officer will be responsible for the male bathing aad will sleep adjacent at night in case of emergency. The CLERK said the foregoing were very important resolutions and would be placed on the agenda for thel next meeting. Mr. PILLING thought the Guardians ought to make ' the appointment of an additional male officer at once. Tin CLERK said he did not know whether the Guardians were prepared to do that to-day. Mr. J. CLARKE thought the whole matter ought to be settled at the next meeting. Mr. ASHCROFT was of opinion that the Guardians ought to see this handy-man before they appointed him. The CLERK observed that the Guardians might hear something about the man from the Workhouse Master. It would cost a lot of money for the man to come to Warrington an ithen go back again. He would like to point out that it would be necessary to consult an architect before the Board carried out the alterations suggested. The matter would have to go before the Local Government Board. Mr. THOMAS HALTON thought the matter might be left over until the next meeting. This was the first intimation he had had of the proposed alterations. Mr. ASHCROFT did not think the Board should appoint a man whom they had not seen. Mr. PILLING pointed out that there were now over 100 more inmates in the house than when the last. increase in the staff was made and he thought it was a reasonable request on the part of the House Committee to engage an additional maii, especially when they con- sidered the small salary it was proposed to pay and the class of work he would do. He believed the Board would be able to save money by taking the step pro- posed. The man would be able to do all sorts of odd jobs such as plumbing, glazing and painting, as well as being responsible for a portion of the male inmates. Mr. THOMAS HA.I.TON said It must not be forgotten that there were plumbers and painters in Warrington, who were expected to live outside the Workhouse, and he was very much opposed to the principle of the Guar- dians doing tradesmen's work themselves. Mr. GEORGE PILLING said the matters which would be attended to by the now man were trifling, but they cost a great deal owing to the loss of time involved in walking to and from the place. Mr. HALTON thought it would be better for the matter to be placed on the agenda for the next meeting. Mr. GEORGE PILLING proposed the appointment of Mr. Samuel Birkett for the duties specified, and also proposed the grants to Mr. Awbery (workhouse master.) Mr. BELLINGE asked what was the particular hurry in appointing the man. Mr. GEORGE PILLING replied that the House Com- mittee wanted to get the place ready for the additional inmates. The CLERK pointed out that the Board had no auth- ority to undertake the alterations without the approval of the Local Government Board. Mr. GEORGE PILLING said there were no structural alterations. The CLERK said the work could be entered upon im- mediately but notice of the intended alterations must be given to the Guardians in the usual way. He thosight it was very important that Mr. Jenner Fust, the Local Government Board inspector,should be made acquainted with what was proposed to be done, because if it turned out to be unsatisfactory the Guardians might be sur- charged. There had been cases where Guardians had g ne into operations of this kind and the auditor had disallowed the accounts on the ground that the Local Government Board were not consulted upon the matter. Mr. PILLING said the Guardians were doing now what they did last winter. The CLERK: I don't see how what you did last winter can be done this winter. .(Laughter.) It is important that before you take steps of this kind you should give notice to the Guardians. Mr. ASHCROFT said he strongly objected to the pro- position that they should bring a man from London to do odd jobs. The-position ought to be advertised for and local men given a chance to apply. They had plenty of handy men in Warrington. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded Mr. Piling's proposition. He did not see why mountahfs should be made out of mole- hills. Much had been said about email matter which was the outcome of long deliberations on the part of the House Committee. If some members did not choose to attend the committee meetings that was their own fault. The House Committee had carefully considered the imperative need of providing additional accommoda- tion for the inmates of the house. What was now proposed was the cheapest and most effective means of meeting the difficulty. The House Committee Was abso- lutely unanimous in making the recommendations and the appointment was moved now in order to save time. If the members of the Board would prefer to wait and spend several hundred pounds when a small expenditure would do. then let them do so. Mr. J. CLARKE said there was no doubt the recom- mendations would save the ratepayers' money. Mrs. CLAY said the Workhouse Master knew the man very well and highly recommended him. Mr. AsHCROFT : 'Why cannot we get a local man? The Rev. Father WILSON observed that he did not quite understand why the man could not be appointed by the House Committee just as a nurse was appointed There was need for such an official, and he had pleasur in supporting the proposition. Mr. GEORGE MATHER said if the new man undertook to do the plumbing and glazing they would have an inside official ready in cases of emergency, instead of an outside official. The CLERK said his remarks did not apply to this appointment. Mr. Pthumo : , You should have said so before. (Laughter.) The proposition was carried. Mr. &LUNGE asked whether it was the intention o the Clerk to inform the Local Government Board of thf

===== 0002601_19030829_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•,e;&'ikgW

===== 0002601_19030829_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE-SIDED FREE TRADE v. PROTECTION. Final Lettar.

Mr. H. P. HUGHES writes :

As this is, for the'present, my final letter upon this topic, I will endaavonr to embody material broadly covering, or summarising, my previous seven letters. In a recont communication, I drew attention to the remarkable growth of Protectionist literature in this country, of late years.; ani I specially singled out for commendation, the book written by Mr. G. Byng (" Protection: The views of a Manufacturer "), pub- lished by Eyre and Spottiswoode. During the last few days, I have had an opportunity of reading another strongly-written book, entitled The Curse of Cobden and the Worship of Diana," by Mr. J. Buckingham Pope, Barrister-at-Law (London, Duckworth and Co., one shilling). This book, on its first production in 1885, rapidly reached the astonishing sale—for a book of that serious class—of over one hundred thousand copies. A 1903 edition is available, and ought to com- mand a ready sale, now that we are all trying (as Mr. Chamberlain putts it) to educate ourselves on fiscal topics. Speaking of Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Pope says :—"I have not always been in accord with the legislation inaugu- rated, or the utterances evolved, by that gentleman; but I have no hesitation in saying, that, if he succeeds in pricking the ridiculous—but withal fatal—free-trade bubble, which has so long been regarded as solidarity by the people of this country, he will have performed a greater service for England then any Statesman who ever lived."

In my earlier letters, I quoted figures of exports and imports under sp9cific hea,Aings of goods, let me now quote, from Mr. Pope's book, some figures, set out in countries : _ _ _ _

_ _ 1 Ye-ir's Import 3 1 Year's Exports into England. from England. Russia 25,673,958 Germany 33.633,956 United States 126,961,601 France 50,612,923 Portugal 3,411,173 Spain 14,285,856 Belgium 26,538,759 Holland 34,842,528 Sweden ' 9,567,844 Norway 5,408,650 Italy 3,582,246 Denmark 15,556,780 _ _ _ _

Mr. Pope's figures distinctly prove that England is living on Capital, and that her immense riches, and the countless millions she has been able to invest in foreign Securities, are now being rapidly withdrawn in 'rder to provide for deficits arising from the operation of Free Trade. _ _ _

Leaving Mr. Pope, for the present, with a wish that many of your readers will seek a closer acquaintance with his book, and also with the book published by Mr. G. Byng. I return to my. own small mite of material contributed to this discussion, and I take up the point which has been made against me, to the effect that, in this correspondence, I have ignored (or, more correctly, avoided) the great fundamental therms upon which Free Trade is built. These theories are well-known as the theories of exchange, and I have been tolerably familiar with them for over 20 years past. Mr. A. H. Crosfield and Mr. Charles r, . Parker, have made considerable use of these elementary theories of exchange, in their able letters; and very interesting it ia to read these clever disquisitions. Personally, how* ever, I prefer practice to theory; and, hence, I have carefully avoided confusing my judgment with the heaps of theoretical jargon, which I find in most of our standard words on political economy. Before Mr. Crosfleld, Mr. Parker, and the other clever advocates of Free Trade could convert me to their theories, they would have to prove that political economy is a science. By science, I mean a set of fixed, immutable, uni- versally-admitted laws, bearing upon any given subject The late Lord Justicelßyles, in his book "Sophisms of Fret Trade," written bylhim in 1849, said" If by a science be meant a collection of truths ascertained by experiment, and on whicliall well-informed men are agreed, then political economy is manifestly not yet a science. The political economy of Munn and Gee in 1750, was very different from the political economy of M'Cullock and Mill in 1850. But, perhaps it was not more different than the political economy of M'Cullock and Mill now is,from what will be the political economy of 1950. If by a science be meant a subject on which some little has gradually become known, but the great body of solid knowledge yet remains to be discovered by experience, observation, and patient thought, then indeed,in this lower sense,political economy is a science." what a mastery of our language, Byles had! Let us follow him a bit further, and we shall learn something apropos to the fiscal problems of 1903, though written in 1819 :—" Bat, if political economy claims to be a science at all, she must abate much of her pretensions, much of her dogmatism, descend to a lower rank, and adopt a more modest and inquiring tone; she must learn to tolerate doubt, to endure contradiction. If she aspires to learn in'the book of experience, she must ex- pect—as she turns over the leaves—to meet with problems unexpected,and ultimate solutions at variance with all preconceived notions ; she must make up her mind to see theory after theory—supported by great names and confidently propounded—yet, after all,reb Liked and exposed by experiment; she must remember that there are twenty wrong courses of public policy to one right one, and that all the erroneous ones are often tried before the right one can be demonstrated, by experience, to be right. A slow, prinful, hnmiliating road to knowledge, but the only right one. Other paths may lead to conjecture or opinion more or less plausible; this alone to certain ,and demonstrable knowledge. But what we want is not to conjecture, but to know. What experimental science is there in which the whole truth WiS discovered at once or in the course of a few years? Much less are we to suppose that we have been favoured with sudden and preternatural illumination on a subject so complex and difficult as political economy." How different is this modest language of the late Lord Justice Byles, from the "there-you-are-don't-you-know" cocksure theories and dogruatisms of the average free-trader of to-day. Just one more quotation from the Judge, and then I must pass on :—"There were many writers before Adam Smith, of whom posterity will form an estimate more lavourable than is now entertained. 'Bacon, Montes- quieu. F4nelon, Petty, Swift, and Voltaire will not, hereafter, be less esteemed because they did not use the s parade of scientific terms, and were not embarassed by modern and doubtful theories." It is a' matter for regret that the great book by Lord Justice Byles, is long since out of print. The fact of it having been writtfm in 1849, at the birth—as it were—of Free Trade, makes the book now all the more valuable and interesting, as we have fifty years of actual experience of free-trade, by which to measure the views he advanced. I had sketched various illustrations of religious, political, and physiological theories, long held as ortho- dox, and afterwards abandoned as untenable, but space forbids. With British trade in the sad condition it now is, I hope that my Free-Trade friends will trust lees to complex theoretical problems as to what Free Trade ought to do, and coolly and impar- tially test for themselves what it really is doing. One of the pet theories of Free Traders, is, that the cost of living is much higher in protected countries. Let me quote Mr. Carnegie's book "The Empire of Business," page 235 :—" It has been common in Britain to attribute the supposed higher cost of living, in the United States, to the effect of the tariff. Now a little consideration will show that this impression is not well-founded. The principal highly-taxeddirticlesamder the McKinley Bill, are five :—First, the extra-fine silks of France ;second,the fine woollens and linens ofßritain; third,the extra-fine linens of Germany'and France fourth, the high-priced wines of France; and fifth, Havana tobacco and cigars. The duties on all these are very high, woollens 60 per cent of their value, silk even higher; champagnes, 325. per dozen, etc., etc. This is our " Democratic " Budget. There is not a working man in America who uses any of these articles. It is considered good policy, thus to tax heavily the luxuries of the rich, and admit free the tea and coffee and raw sugar used by the masses. It is not probable that this policy will he reversed, in the United States, or even greatly modified, however much talk there may be of tariff reform." Passing along, Mr. Carnegie says that the American workman has much higher wages than the Briton; in fact, that the Briton—in the principal handicrafts, gets little more than one half the wages of an American; for those who wish exact figures, the proportion is fifty six and a half per cent. Mr. Carnegie makes the proposition very clear when he says, that, " Having higher revenues, the American is not content to live without what would be considered luxuries in any of the old countries of Europe. He earns more and he spends more. Therefore, in one sense it ie true that cost (If living,as the American lives, is greater than that of the Briton, at the standard that the Briton has to live. But it is none the less true that this arises from the fact that the two workmen live in a different manner. For those similar things which are absolutely necessary, the cost is much less in the newer land. The American workman and his family can live verycheaply indeed, if so inclined." On page 303, Mr. Carnegie reproduces an article he wrote, in 1898, for The Iron Age. I will just give a few significant lines, for our free-trade friends to reflect upon :—" Britain, and other foreign nations, have become our dumping ground for surplus iron and steel, which means 'more than the uninitiated would suspect. The Carnegie

===== 0002601_19030829_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE LIFEBOAT INSTITUTION.

Particulars of Next Sat urday Demonstration.

A WORTHY EFFORT.

,- For the third time in its history, Warrington will have a" Lifeboat Saturday" on September sth, and. efforts are being made to eclipse all previous efforts by holding a grand Fancy Dress Parade and Carnival. The Lifeboat Saturday movement was established in Warrington on the sth November, 1892, by the then Mayoress (Mrs, Edward Greenall). No. contribution has been made by the public of Warrington to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution since 1897 in con- sequence of the many calls which have been made upon the public in recent years for the South African war and local charities*. It was thought that the time had now arrived when a strong effort should be made to show in a practical form, the continued in- terest of Warrington people in an institution which has done such noble work.

The Mayor and Mayoyess'readily identified themselves with the movement, and at a meeting called by the Mayor in the early part of the year a strong and in- fluential committee was formed to make arrangements for a demonstration which will take place on Saturday. next, September sth. The various sub-committees have been busily engaged during the past few weeks in perfecting their arrangements and elaborate pre- parations have been made for making the affair as great a success as possible. It is hardly necessary to refer to the beneficent work of the Lifeboat Institution, but briefly it may be stated that the institution has the splendid record of having granted rewards since it was established in 1824 for the rescue of 44,000 lives. In an appeal - for help from all classes the local committee point out that the whole of the money raised by Lifeboat Saturday demonstrations, collections,- tcc., is devoted entirely to the payment of lifeboatmen, grants to their widows and children, Scc. Collecting boxes will be placed in the streets on Lifeboat Saturday as usual, and during the week boxes will be left at the hotels, clubs, etc. Anyone wishing to take charge of a box, or to promote collections should communicate with any member of the committee or Mr. Stanley Wilson (hon.'secretary) Town Hall. THE ORDER OF PROCESSION. '

Those taking part in the fancy dress parade and carnival will meet at the Recreation Ground, Town Hall at 4.30. Sergeant-Major Rawlinson will be the chief marshal of the procession. There will be nine sections and a marshal will be appointed in charge of each. Prizes to the value of about £2O will be offered in the following classes :—Neatest dressed lady, neatest dressed gentleman, best decorated machine, most original costume, most comical costume. The procession will start from the recreation ground at five o'clock prompt and after traversing theprincipal streets of the town will disperse at the Drill Hall where a grand concert will be held. The positions in the pro- cession have been drawn for by ballot and they will be as under. A motor car will announce the arrival of the procession at various points. SECTION No. E.—Detachment of Police, Ist Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment Band, Volunteer Mounted lafantry Section, Volunteer Cycle Corps.!! SIICTION No. 2.—Pioneer(late St. Paul's) Band, Stock- ton Heath Cycling Club, Warrington Fire Brigade, Collecting Lurry, Cyclists (Fancy Dress,. &c.) SECTION No. 3.—Borough Band, Ancient Order of Foresters, Liverpool Cycling Club, The Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Co., Ltd„ Tableau, Cyclists, (Fancy Dress, &c.), Collecting Lurry. SECTION No 4.—The Legh-street Subscription Band, • Warrington Royal Cycling Club, " Tattenham Corner Band" from Sutton, St. Helens, Collecting Lurry, Wilderspool Brewery Fire Brigade. SEcTros No. s.—Messrs. Joseph Crosfleld and. Sons' , Ltd. Band, Cyclists (Fancy Dress &c.), Latchford I Model Yacht Sailing Club—Commodore, T. A. Carter, • 'Runcorn "Special Scotch Band," Mr. B. Wadsworth Exhibit.

_ SECTION No. G.—League of the Cross Junior Band, The Crewe Royal Morris Dancers under the leadership of Mr. D. Billington. late of Preston. First Prize,Silver Cup, and Medal Winners, Latchford Cycling CluS, Manchester Ship Canal Tableau. SECTION.—No. 7.—Messrs, Peter Walker and Son Ltd, • Band,Messrs.Peter Walker and Son Ltd,Tableau.Cyclists (Fancy Dress &c), The Darktown Fire Brigade from Penketh, Collecting Lurry, Manchester Ship Canal Co, Father Neptune with his Boat and Trumpeter and Suite. _ _ _

SF.urrots No. B.—League of the Cross Band, Runcorn Cycling Club,Warrington Anglers' Association (Display, of Specimen Fish and Angling Requisities of all des- criptions.) Crosflelds's Fire Brigade, Collecting Lurry Crosfleld's Motor Traction Wagon. SECTION No. 9.—Brick-street Band, W idnes Cycling Club,Messrs. JosephCrosfield and Son's Exhibit, Minia- ture Ship on Limy (decorated), Warrington Cycling Club, the Lifeboat,,Busbie" and crew. FEATURES OF THE PROCESSTON.

It will be seenthat the procession will be of a varied character and possess many features of interest. The lifeboat" Ilusbie," which will form the roar of the pro- cession, will be manned by a full crew. The " Busbie " has been stationed at Trvine, Ayrshire. N. 8., since 1887. It has been instrumental in saving 33 lives. There will also be five fire engines in the procession, equipped with brigades, and a large number of comic characters, Morris dances and others. About 300 collec- tors'have been enrolled by the Collectors' Committee to Undertake the work of gathering in the poople's gifts. The members of the ladies' auxiliary under the presi- dency of the Mayoress, have for the past fortnight been canvassing the town and district, and have met with liberal support. It is hoped that the response of the public will enable the committee to forward at least £250 to the Lifeboat Institution. _ _ _

t A fancy dross ball in aid of the funds of the institu- tion, will also be held on October Bth in the Parr Hall.

The New Vicar of Christ Church The appointment of the new vicar of Christ Church Latchford, in succession to the Rev: F. A. Screeton,has just been inlide. The living was offered to the Rev. G. C. Briggs, M.A., Of St. Barnabas' Mission Church Chester, who has this week notified the patron (Rev, R. Greenall, Rector of Grappenhall),of his willingness to accept it. We understand that Mr. Briggs has had charge of the mission since 1897, and it is iateresting to note that previous to his acceptance of the living of. Christ church, the Rev. F. A. Screeton also worked in ttha parish No appointment has yet been made to the living of St. James's, Latchford.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
proposed alterations. It wduld be an act of courtesy' to conimunicate'with the Inspoctbr and tell him what was proposed to be done. The CHAIRMAN said he took it that it was the wish of the Board that that suggestion should be carried out. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said the Board was trying ato give effect to what the Inspector suggested himself. Mr. MATHER: ,ft is only lighting and cleansing the old hospital to make it habitable for the additional inmates.

The CLERK said he would connuunicate with the Inspector. This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

MR. A. H. CROSFIELD AND THE WORKS BOWLING COMPETITION.

INTL& A niniticK,secretary of the present Works Bowl-. ing Competition, has received the following telegram from Mr. A. H. Crosfield, who is in Switzerland "Please convey to North-Western team my heartiest congratulations on their fine performance and success. To runners-up I say,with my best friendj Willett, 'better luck next time.'

WORKS BOWLING ASSOCIATION HANDICAP. Under theauspices of the Warrington Works Bowling Association, a handicap was commenced on Saturd.Br onthe King and Queen green. No fewerthan 300 entries, have been received.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL CLUB.

The annual bowling main for prizes presented by the President (Mr. A. 11.Crosfield) took place on the green of the club on Saturday in splendid weather. Therewas a capital entry, smd, as was expected, exceptional interest was shown in the games which were very keenly con- tested. The prizes will be presented at a "smoke, to take place on the return of the president from Switzerland. Se.veral local artistes have promised their The conclusion of the handicap took place on Tuesday evening, when the winners were as follows :-1, F. Jewkes ; 2, J. Parr ; 3, W. Daintith ; 4, J. Berry; 5, A. Mynekyme • 6, A, LPwlor ; 7, W. Patrick; 8, W. Dein- tith. This handicap brings the season to a close which has been most succesful. and the Captain (Mr. J. E. Warren) is to be praised for the way in which he has handledhis match teams. We learn that next seasolz there is every probability of the Club promoting a League to be confined to clubs in the town. AnywaY the suggestion is a good one, and further developments are awaited.

THE CROSFIELD CUP. "PRINCE OF WALES" LODGE OF ODDFELLOWS. Considerable interest centred in the first annual handicap in connection with the above lodge which took place on Saturday on the green of the Brooklands Hotel, Lovely-lane, in the presence of over 250 specta- tors. In addition to 16 prizes, there wasalso a beautiful silver cup presented for annual competition by Mr. A. H. Crosfield. The winner receives a handsome gold medal, on which is a representation of a bowler. For- tunately, the weather was very favourable. 'there were 64 entries, and at two o'clock the struggle was commenced. James Wood, T. Bolton, T. Reddish, J. T. Boardman, W. Haigh, R. Holland,and W. Kerfoot,are amongst the best players Warrington can boast of. W. Jones (the winner of the cup) disposed of T. Bolton (county player) by 13-10, and W. Haigh was beaten 131 F. Wisedale, 13-7. The Secretary (Mr. G. F. Freeman) with R. Holland defeated his luau 13.12 although Holland peeled at one time 12.5. 'nth& second round matters became much more lively, and stiffer games were noticed. F. Wisedale beat W. Kerfoot 13.11, T. Rigby beat T. Reddish 13.11. and 3. Wilkinson won from G. Bottomley 13.11. The rtamber of spectators had now increased, and owing to the excellent bowling cheers were numerous. The third round ended with Freeman vrowell 13.7, Atkinson v. J. Willett 13.11 ;Nv• Jpnes v &Took 13.9. There were eight left in the flourth round and, of course,the excitement was what can be readily imagined. Other results were; F. Wisedale E. Haigh 13.10. Atkinson v A. Cooper 13.3. J. Vf.• Elliott v. G. F. Freeman 13-11, and W. Jones v. d• Wrench 13-8. The fifth round ended with Atkinson defeating J. W. Elliot 13-11, and W. Jones defeatinl F. Wisedale 13-6. The rain had kept off until the final round had been reached, but the game was concluded bY W. Jones defeating Atkinson 13-5 amidst cheers, and of course he became the first proud possessor of the ouP and modal. The Provincial Grand Master (Mr. Ellis Clare) supported by D.G.M. Holford, T. Wadsworth (secretary of the lodge), and Farank Webster (corres- ponding secretary of the district) adjourned to the large room and they were well received. The GRAND MASTER complimented the competitors on the excellent way the handicap had been carried out, and remarked upon the generosity of Mr. A. H. Cros- field in giving a cup and medal—which would be pre- sented in due course. He also alluded to the fact that the competition brought them into contact with mem- bers who had practically never been seen since their_ initiation. He proceeded to:pay a tribute to the work of • the secretary and committee. The Deputy Grand Master and Messrs. T. Wadsworth and J. H. Norbury also addressed the gathering. The cup winner and runner-up said a few words whidi were loudly cheered.

The SECRETARY (Mr. G. F. Freeman) said that wtot honour had been given him he must extend to his cora' mittee and his chairman (Mr. T. P. Bradshaw), with tile best thanks to the host (Mr. J. Earle). The committee was composed as follows :—IVIessTS' W. King J. Massey, W. Cottom, H. Sykes, W. Whith9ls4 T. Reddish, H. Maddock (treasurer), G. F. Freenzals (secretary), andT. P. Bradshaw (chairman). The referee was Mr. T. Reddish, and the green stewards were Messrs' W. Whitharn, W. King, and H. Sykes.

===== 0002601_19030829_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
Baptist Church, Golborne-street.

"John the Baptist" was the subject taken by thP pastor for his evening sermon on Sunday last, and was pointed out that although John's teaching seelns to have been too harsh, his denunciations too severe, and his gospel defective, yet he was a glorious charac- ter, and his gospel spread over the whole of the land' Many helpful and practical lessons were suggested by' the further study of his character under the three head' ings, What Christ thought of John, What he thought of himself, and What the people thought of him. His life of hardship and cruel death were touched upon, and the' subject of immortality briefly brought forward in con- clusion by the question, "Where is justice if the grave ends all ?"

STREET BETTING ATEA.RLESTOWN.—At Newton Peal Sessions on Thursday a number of cases of streel betting were heard. James Lees, Walter Waterman, au., Matthew Seton were each fined in the maximum penaltY of £5 and costs and similar fines were imposed on °tbe'. defendants for aiding and abetting.—Mr. A. Bro./0 conducted the prosecutions on behalf of the police.

_-

I Marriage. „iv isir ROBERTS—MILLING.—Auest 25th,at Grappenhaii . at r• Church, by the Rev. Richard Greenall, M.A. re„cra, Henry Gordon, son of Henry Roberts, IP., gln,glieni, Hill Cliffe, to Jennie, only daughter of Henry Summerville, Grappenhall. Deaths. :Avec. FERNLEY.—August 24th at Akyab, India, from ..- uicf James Fernley, aged 30 years (late of Warringtlg N. Greenock), 2nd Officer S. S. " Pachumba '' 13''' • Co., (By Cable.) -..---'..... - - Warrington.—Printed and Published by JofoT vvi`V,rks & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Bevrl3y-street, andbl ished 6y them at the ,53 a, place,and also at The =miner Ode?, Vietcoria-roroc el WIDNES, 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3,313 t street, EARLEsTowri,inthe County of Lancashireto, also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the County of (3 hire, AUGUST 29TH. 1903.

.

===== 0002601_19030829_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B 0 L D STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRTNGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 3Cth. At 10.30—Rcv G. H. CARNSON. At B.3o—Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less?than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Mass ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 401.; Inlaid Platina, 301, Guaranteed. Cl MACDONALDS TAINLESS OYSTENI f A Household Word, MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets. 2054 inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record Says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfuliy, ;painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-lika. Thousand. of Original Testimonials. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WINLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNF.SDAYS,I2 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY% AUGUST 33th. At 10.30 'ard 6.3o—Rev. Dr. ma. All welcome. Hymn books providel. GOLBORNE STREE BAPTIST CHURuiI WAERINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST 30th Rev. HERBERT DUNNICO. MORNING 10.45. EVENING 6 30‘, Come Early. All Seats Free. MARY'S, LXCCHFORD, WA ttRENGT iN. Ris LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF SHREWSBURY, (RIGHT RFVD. DR. ALLEN) WILL HDLD AN ORDINATION TO THE PRIESTHOOD IN THE ABOVE CHURCH TO-MORROW. SUNDAY, AUGUST 30TH, 1933, AT II O'CLOCK. pRINIIFIVE VIIO 0 +ST CHURCH, LEG . STREE E, WARRINGTON. PASTOR'S ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW (Sumpsv). AUGUS 30TH, at 10.30 & 6.30. PREACHER: REV. J. GARDHAM REED. A.FrERNOON AT 2.30, MUSICAL SERVICE. WARRINGTON MALE VOICE CHOIR. SOLOISTS :—Miss L. HEWITT, Mr. J. °ORRIN and Mr. 6 MILLINGTON.

SILVER STRE6T DAY SCHOOL. ZANNIVE ItSARY SERVICES. Ii BEWSRY ROAD WEiLEYAN CHURCH. SUNDAY, AUGUST 3CTE, AT 10.30 AND 6 30. PREACHER: REV, J. A. BEET, D.D.. Or RICHMOND COLLEGE, FORMERLY OF WARRINGTON. IN THE AFTERNOON AT 2.30, MUSICAL SERVICE. °Blißm•N B. J. GUEST, RN. AN ADDRISSS R? C R. PARKER. ReQ. SPECIAL SINGING THROUGHOUT THE DAY BY THE CHILDREN AND CHOIR, 11V14. w• MORRISSEY (LIVERPOOL ELECTIVE AUMTOI3) WILL ADDRESS A MEETING on behalf of the Candidature of Mr. FRED STOTT, to be held on the FAIR GROUND, ORFORD-LA.NE,THIS DAY (SkrunDAY), to commence at 6.15 p.m.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 103. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid. QERGE JACKETS 1 SERGE JACKETS ! L 3 Every workman should have out of HAGUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool.

rrEIE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BoROUGH TREASURER, hinniCinal Offices. Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS wide up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE 1 TAILS OF ) FRoM HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LERCE ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

PASSIVE RESISTANCE. A PUBLIC MEETING WILL DE HELD IN THE BAPTIST CHAPEL, GOLBORNE STREET, ON THURSDAY. SEPT. 35n AT 8 P.M. SPEAKERS : REV. J. HIRST HOLLOWELL (ROCHDALE), REV. 3. F. MATTHEWS (LATCHFORD). CHAIRMAN, N. BALMFORD Mg. (PRESIDENT, PASSIVE RESISTANCE LEAGUE). Supported by Revs. W. MASON, A. G. D. GEE, and H. DUNNICO. All sympathisers and those interested are earnestly Invited w attend. COLLECTION FOR EXPENSES.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THE PRICE IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Is. 6d. AND NO MORN FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

HARNESS AND STABLE UTENSIL PRO- VIDBRS, CONTRACTORS TO THE LIVERPOOL CORPORATION FOR CART. HARNESS. GET OUR PRICES, SPECIALITIES :—P ATENT PNEUM ATIC COLLARS, UNBREAKABLE BACKBANDS, High Class Harness, Large SHLECIION. I. FRY AND Co., 124 DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, WHOLESALE SADDLERS. PHONE 0157.

WARRINGTON LIFEBOAT SATURDAY.-A GRAND FANCY DRESS PARADE AND DEMONSTRATION In aid of the Funds of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, will take place on SATURDAY NEXT, STH SEPTEMBER 1903. The demonstration will consist of the Lifeboat Enable and Crew. numerous Bands, Volunteers, slounted Infantry. Ilnd Cycling Corps, live Fire Engines and Brigades. Cyclists in Fancy Dress, Harriers In Original and Comical Costumes, Vehicle I tableaux. Morris Dancers, and other attractions. In the evening there will be a GRAND SMOKING COWORRT in the DRILL HALL. Admission Is 6d. (Re- as yed Seats), la., and 6d. Plan of seats may be seen at and tickets obtained from Mr. E. Pickavance, jun., 67 Bridge-street. A. Booth Buttermarket-street. J. Berwick, Horsemarket-street. H. Toft Sankey-street, B. Wadsworth Sankey-street, J. Podmore Market Place, W. Parkinson Bridge-street. the lion. Secretary : Entertainment Com- mittee, Ernest A, Sanders, 12, Arthur-street, or any mem- ber of the General Committee. Cycling Clubs. Organizations. or Specialities of whatever kind desiring to take part. in the Parade (who have not already been communicated with) are requested to kindly notify at once he Hon. :ec., Mr Stanley Wilson, Town Hall A MEETING of LADY COLLECTORS will be held at the ToWN HALL on MONDAY NEXT, at 8 O'CLOCK, when full instructions will be given as to the delivery of Oollecting boxes and the allotment of dit Wets. The Committee appeal to the generosity of the public and cordially invite all willing to assist in the movement to enrol their names at the Committee-room, Town Hall (side claer), any evening between the hours of 8 and 9 o'clock. J. CHARLTON PARR, Mayor and President. D. DAVIES, Chairman General Committee. _ ROOTS PURE DRUG COMPANY LTD. Preference Shares. 'uoTS CASH CHEMISTS (EASTERN) LTD. Six per Cent. Preference t-hares. Five per Cent. Second Pr- ference Shares. Ordinary Shares at the rate of twelve per Cent. per Annum. TS CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN) LTD. Jix per Cent. Preference Shares. 'JOTS CASH CHEMISTS (LANCASHIRE) LTD. Six per Cent. Preference Shares. Tra (ASH CHEMISTS (SOUTHERN) LTD. Six per Cent. Preference Shares. willbedend Warrants for the above Quarterly Dividends Potted on the 30th September to the L iroprietors eillstered eth Companies books on the Ist eptember. Abue,Transfer books will be closed from let September to the neptember inclusive. JESSE Boor, Managing Director. rallegistered WEGES—Station street, Nottingham. '"itY Ll:Bees-29 Farringdon road, London, 8.0.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AM kTEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECONDHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, km IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY. POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT 71. XFORD RuAD. NEAR ALL SAINTS' MANCHESTER.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFES The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pribll2. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists,' %nista 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by Z. GEDDlifi AND SON. LTD WaBRIM/TON lISTABLISIIHD 1833.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- EDUCATION COMMITTEE, TENDERS ARE INVITED FOR THE SUPPLY OF SCHOOL AND KINDERGARTEN MATERIALS for the period ending 31st March. 1904, afterwards renewable for further period of 12 months from that date. The Committee does not bind itself to accept the lowest or any tender and reserves the right to divide any tender as may be deemed desirable. An assurance in writing will be required from the Con- tractor that he pays to the workmen employed by him the rate of wages recognised in the district and that he observes such hours of labour as are generally accepted as fair in each trade, producing whenever so required such evidence as may be deemed sufficient by the Corn mittee that he is paving such wages and observing such hours, Forms of tender which must, be reterned not later than the 12th September next, may be obtained from J. MOORE MURRAY. S Sa.. Director of Education, Education Offices, Palmyra Square, Warrington. 25th August, 1903.

OUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- k ) EDUCATION COMMITTEE—SIICONDARY SCHOOL. THE IiDUCATION COMMITTEE INTEND OPENING A SECONDARY SCHOOL for boys and girls in the Technical Institute, Palmyra-square. The curriculum will extend over three or four years, and will meet the demand for a wider course ot education than is usually given in the Elementary Schools. The fee will be 9d per week 10s 6.1 per term, or 30s per annum, payable in advance. Intending scholars must be 12 years of age before August let. 1903. Owing to the limited accommodation an Entrance Examination will be held on the 11th and 12th September. Forms of application for admission may be obtained from J. MOORE MUhRAY, Secretary and Director. Education Offices, Warrington.

WARRINGTON UNDO'. GIRLS' INDUS- TRIAL TRAINER WANTBD.—The Guardians twits the services of a single woman or widow, without • ond!"1 to act as INDUSTRIAL TEACHER and MOTHER WaX el the Girls' Homesoat the Cottage Homes. Padgate, teso-i;44teTi. The porton appointed will be required to t the girls sewing, cleining and scouring, and otherwise Der "414 them for suitable domestic employment • salary £2O do,:reer, with apartments rations AL, subject to usual de- *hi; cns under the Superannuation Act 1896 Applications, Spn.te,tirnoniala of recent date to be sent to Mr. Wright, cr "alfhtendent, Padgate Cottage Homes, Warrington, on "Ifni Ore September fith.—Canyassing the Guardians is Y Prohibited,—By order. J. C. SUTTON, Union Clerk. eY Chambers, Warrington. -- NAT RI NGTON UNION:—SUPERINTEND- act'B CLARK and STOREKBEPER.—A Yount tut, • Superintendent's Clerk and Storekeeper under the 1110,1;re of the Superintendent. Salary £l5 yearly with sP4rtmente ac. Der appointment is subject to deductioni under the 40 !Illation Act. ZuDel.3l.V. With copies of testimonial to Mr, A. Wright, ciip,filienndmeßnta?ottage /tomes. Padgate, before TUESDAY, By order. J. C. SUTTON, Clerk.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF Vv EDUCATION COMMITTEE. PUPIL TEACHERS' SCHOLARSHIPS. THE EDUCATION ;COM NUTTER OFFER FOR COM PETITION Hot more than 35 Scholarships of the value of £5 and free tuition, tenable for one or two years at the Secondary School, to boys and girls wishing to become Pupil Teachers. Candidates must be between the ages of 13 and 16, at the date of their admission (preference will be given to those Candidates who are 14 years of age before the Ist August, 1903), and a declaration must be made on tbeir be- half that they enter the School with the Intention of eventually becoming Pupil Teachers. The EXan 'nation *ill take place on the 11th and 12th September 19)3. Worms of application for admission may be obtained from J. MOORE MURRAY. Secretary and Director. Education Offices, Warrington. EDUCATION ACT, 1902. SgUrioN 8. (3).- COUNTY BOKOUGH OF WARRINGTON LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHORITY. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 (1) and (3) of the Education Act, 1902, that the Town Council of the Borough of Warrington being the Local Education Authority for the purposes of Part 111. of that Act, propose to accept a transfer to them under the provisions of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, of the Latchford National Infants School situated in Grappenhall- road in the Borough of Warringtoa. The School will be available for the following area An area comprising part Of the Latchford Ward. S. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk and Clezic to the Local Education Authority. Dated 28th day of August, 1903.

ICE! ICE ! ! ICE ! ! ! THE WARRINGTON PURE ICE CO. ARE PREPARED TO SUPPLY ARTIFICIAL ICE OF BEST QUALITY, IN LARGE OR SYLALLUQUANTITIR FACTORY:: JOHN STREET, WARRINGTON.,

SPZCIALITIES THIS WICEB. HARRIS WILTSHIRE BACON. SLATTERY'S NOTED IRISH BACON. PURE CEYLON TEA. SCOTCH DUNLOP CHEESE, BD. PER LB. PRIZE DAIRY BUTTER AT 'ASH LErs, 61, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

HARGRAVES' TOBACCOS. 118 TA B HARGRAVES' CIGARF.7O YEAR R. HARGRAVE'S' CIGAREITES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-SrEtiniT, MANOFIRSTHR.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. KNUTSFORD PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION. REGISTRATION OF PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS, COUNTY ELECTORS AND PAROCHIAL ELECTORS,I9O3 NOTICE IS, HERKBY GIVEN that CLEMENT ELPHINSTONE LLOYD, ESQUIRE, having been appointed one of the Barristers to RhVISE the LISTS of ELECTORS in Parliamentary Elections, within the North Wales Circuit, will make a circuit and hold courts for re- vising the lists of Parliamentary electors,County electore,and Parochial electors and also of the separate list of persons en- titled to be elected members of the County Council of the County of Chester, though not entitled to be on the County Electors' Roll of the said County. for the KNUTSFORD DIVISION of the COUNTY of CHESTER, at the several times and places following that is to say : On TUESDAY the Bth DAY OF SIinEMBER /MC e. at 11.30 o'clock in the forenoon at the National school. Disley, for the several parishes in the following Polling Districts. viz DIBLEY POLLING DISTRICT—DisIey, Lyme Handley. and Newtown. WHALEY BRIDGE POLLING. DlSTRlCT—Kettleshulme, Taxall, and Yeardsley-cum- Whaley. ON TUESDAY, the BTH DAY of SEPTEMBER NEXT, at 2-45 o'clock, at the News Room. Poynton. for the several Parishes in the following Polling District, viz. :—POYNTON- WITH-WORTH POLLING DISTRICT—Poynton-with- Worth and Woodford. ON WEDNESDAY, the 9TH DAY of SEPTEMBER NEXT, at 12-15 o'clock in the Afternoon, at the Sunday School, 13ollington, for the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz, :—BOLLINGTON POLLING DISIRICT Bollington, formerly the Parishes of Bollington and Ker- ridge. and Pott Shrigley. RAINOVV POLLING DI sTRICT —Macclesfield Forest and Reinow. ON WEDNESDAY, the 9TH DAY of SEPTEMBER NEXT, at 2-30 o'clock in the Afternoon, at the Black Boy Inn, Prestbury, for the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz, :—ADLINGTON POLLING DISTRICT— Adlington and Newton. PREST!3URY POLLING DM- TRICT—ButIey, Fallibroome, Mottram St. Andrew, Treat- bury, Tytherington and Upton ON THURSDAY, the 10TH DAY of SEPTEMBER NEXT. at 11 o'clock in:the Forenoon, at the Drill Hall, Wilmslow, For the several Parishesl in the following Polling District, viz. :—WILMSLOW POLLING DISTRICT Bolliufee Styal and Wilmslow. ON FRIDAY. the 11TH DAY of SEPTEMBER NEXT, at 11 o'clock in tbe Forenoon, at the Public! Hall,Alderiev Edge, for the several Parishes in the following Polling Diettict, viz. : ALDERLEY POLLING DISTRIC T—Alcferley Edge, Alderlay Nether, Alderley Over, Chorley and Warlord Great. ON SATURDAY. the 12TH DAY of SEPTEMBER NEXT, at 11-15 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the National School. Siddington, for the several Parishes in the following Polling District, viz. :--31DDINGTON POLLING DISTRICT— Capeathorne, Chelford, Marton, Siddington, Snelson, Somer- food Booths, w itbington Lower and Wlthingo en Old, ON SATURDAY. the 12TH DAY of SEPTII3I BER NEXT, at 1-45 o'clock In the Afternoon, at the Club Room of the Bull's Head Hotel. Holmes Chapel, for the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in tha following Polling District. viz. : HOLMES CHAPEL POLLING DlSTRlCT—Brereton-oum Emethwiok, Byley, that pert of the parish formerly known as Byley-cum-Yatehouse ; Church Hulme, Cotton, Cranage, Davenport, Kermincham, Leone, Somerford, that part of the Parish formerly known as Somerford-cum-fiadnor: Sproston, that part of the Parish formerly known as Mooresbarrow- cum-Parme ; Sproston, that part of the Palish formerly known as Speoston ; Swettenhe,m and Twemlow. On MONDAY, the 14th day of sEl'TEMßlett NEXT, at 10,15 o'clock in the Forenoon at the Sessions House, Kuuts- ford, for the several Parishes in the following Polling Dis- tricts viz. :—ASTON-BY-BUDWOR'TH POLLING DIS- TRICT Aston-by-Bud-worth, Crowley and Picitmere. KNUTSFORD POLLINO DISTRICT—Bexton, Knutsford, Mere, 011erton, Tabley Inferior, Tabby Superior, Tatton and Toft. MOBBIIRLKY POLLING OBTRlOT—Harthall.cum- Warford and Mobbberley. OVER PROVER POLL iNG DlSTRlCT—Blackden, Goostrey-cum-Bernshaw, and Peover Superior, On TUESDAY, the 15th day Septdrnber next. at 10-30 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Club Room of the Black Greyhound Inn, Lostock Gralarn, for the several Parishes and part of a Parish in the following Polling Gistricts. viz. : —ALLOSTOOK POLLING DInTHICT Allostock Peover 1 Inferior and Peover Nether. LOSTOCK GRA LAM POLL- G DISTRICT—Lays Dennis. Lostock Gralarn, Plumblev. Rudheath, and Whatcroft, that part of the Parish formerly known as Shipbrook. ON WE 13 N DAY. the 16th day of S Hprumßlift NEXT at 11-45 o'clock in the Forenoon, at th I Large Room Gtappen- hall, for the several Parishes in the Polling District, viz : GRAPPENHALL POLLING DlSTRlCT—Grappennall, Latchford Without and Warrington, that part within the Geographical County of Chester. ON WEDNESDAY the 16th day of SEPTEMBER NEXT. at 2-15 o'clock in the Afternoon, at the Club Room of the London Bridge Inn Stockton Heath. for the several Parishes in the following Polling District, viz :—APPLETON POLL- IR G DISTRICT—Appleton with Hull, Stockton Heath and Stratton. ON THURSDAY, the 17th day of SEPTEMBER NEXT, at 11-45 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Magistrates' Court house, Daresbury. for the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz: —DARES BURY POLLING DISTRIC —Acton Grange, Daresbury,Hatton. Kekewiak, Moore, New- ton-hy-Daresbury, Preston-olh-Hill, Walton Inferior and Walton Superior. WHITLEY PetLLING DlSTRlCT—An- trobus. Seven Oaks. Whitley Inferior and Whitley Superior, and for all and every the Parishes. Townships, and planes (if any) within tne Bela Kautsford Division ot the County of Chester, for which Courts to Revise the Parliamentary Electors' Lists. County Electors' Lists. and Parochial Elec- tors' Lists therein, have not herelnbefore been appointed. All the Courts for such of the above-mentioned Par shes or parts oi Parishes as are situate within the Parliamentary Borough of Warrington. the Barrister will, under the above Notice, revise the Ownership Lists only for such Parish:s or parts of Parishes. All Overseers and other persons whose attendance may be necessary, are hereby required to attend the said Courts at the several times and places aforesaid, at which the Lists of their respective Parishes are hereby appointed to be re- vised, and all Overseers are required to produce in Court the Rate Books of their respective Parishes, co Itaining the Poor Rates made and allowed during the period between the stii day of January, 19:2, and the 151 h day of July. 1903, and to bring them copies of their Lists, and all Notices of Claims and Objections, and other Papers they have received, concerning the Registration of Parliamentary Electors for the Knutsford Division and County and Parochial Electors of the said County of Chester. RBOINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Council. Chester, 30th July, 1903.

PHONOGRAPH RECORDS. RBDUCTION AT WADSWORTH'S. GOLD MOULDRD BDISON Is. 6n. EACH, COLUMBIA X.P. THRBE 14011 4s. FRllnli ARRIVALS. WADSWORTH'S, PIANO DEPOT. 59, SANKEY ST.. WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD Awn BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTER,. WHEATLBrS GINGER HEBB. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM ! WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of Haab CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bnttles. Telephone No. 119. STORES. OWEN STREET.

THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO EMPIRE THE .: THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THTIL. C —on - M., IMANOHESTER, Business THE E*MP'''' hours: 9 asn: to 9 p.m. ' • Saturday 10 EMPIRE p.m.; Wednesday THE 1 p.m. THE EMPIRE Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE THE W THE e will make your home cosy enough EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE on our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE THE reason of our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intending Purchasers would do well t° EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE INSPECT OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO loo*. THE EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goode sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down " by request "at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE Corner of Milton Street. THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE p urchaser, from districts where: this TH R EMPIRE l(paper is circulated.). EMPIRE

COUNTY OF CHESTER. NORTHWICH PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION. REGISTRATION OF PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS, 00UNTY ELECTORS A PAROCHIAL ELECTORS. 1933. IVOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that DAVID ARCHER VAUGHAN COLT WILLIAMS, ESQUIRE, having been appointed one of the Barristers to REVISE THE LISTS OF ELECT, ,ES, in Parliamentary Elections within the North Wales Circuit, will make a Circuit and hold Courts for revising the Lists of Parliamentary Electors. County Electors and Parochial Electors, and also of the eeparate List of Persons entitled to be elected Members of the County Council of the County of Chester, though not entitled to be on the County Electors Roll of the saki County, for the NORTHWICH DIVISION of the COUNTY OF CHESTER. at the several times and places following, that is to say On SATURDAY, the 12th day of September next. at 11-45 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Town Hall, Middiewich. for the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling District, viz. :—MIDDLEWICH POLLING DIS- TRICT—Bostock, Byley; that part formerly known as Croxton and Ravenscroft ; Clive, Kinderton • that part formerly known As Kinderton-cum-Hulme ; Middlewich and Stanthorne. On MONDAY, 14th day of September next, at 11-15 o'clock in the Forenoon, and at 6 o'clock in the Evening on the same day. at the Magistrates' Court House, Over, for the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz.; —WINSFORD OVER) POLLING DISTRICT—Over. WIN sFORD (wHARTON) POLLING DISTRICT—Wharton On TUESDAY, the 15th day of September next, at 10-30 o'clock in the Forenoon, and at 6 o'clock in the Boening on , the same day, at the Magistrates' Court House, Runcorn for ' the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz. :—ASTON.BY-SUTroN POLLING 01ST ill OT—Aston Grange. Aston-by-Sutton-with-Middleton Grange. Dutton, and Sutton. HAL lON POLLING DIS- TRICT—HaIton. Norton,and Stockham. RUNCORN NORTH POLLING DISTRICT—That part of Runcorn called Runcorn North. RUNCORN SOUTH POLLINfa DISTRICT—That part of Runcorn called Runcorn South. WESTON POLLING DISTRICT—CIifton and Weston. On WEDNESDAY, the 16th day of September next. at 10-30 o'clock in the Forenoon; on "HURSDAY, the 17th day of Septemberinext, at 10-30 o'clock in the Farenoen. and at 6 o'clock in the Evening on the same day.and on FRIDAY. the lath day of September next, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon, At the Magistrates' Court House, Northwich, N.B.—All the Lists for the Rural Parishes will be revised on Wednesday. the 16th day of oeptember. and all Overseers must attend on that day, for the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling Districts. viz : B&RNTON POLLING DISTRICT —Anderton, Barnton, Bartington. Cogshall, Comberbsch, Little Leigh and Marbury, DAVENHAM POLLING DlSTRlt,T—Davenham, Eaton, Left wich, Moulton, Whatcroft ; that part formerly known as the. Parish of Whatcroft. MARSTON POLLING DISTRICT -...Budwortn Great. Marston. and Wincham. NORTHWICH (CASTLE) POLLING DlSTRlCT—Hartford, Northwich ; that part formerly the Urban part of Hartford and Parish of Castle Northwich. NORTHWICH (LBF WICH) POLL- ING DlSTRlCT—Northwich ; that, part formerly the Urban part of Leftwich and Parish of Northwich, NORTHWICH (WITTON) POLLING DlSTRlCT—Northwich ; that part formerly the Parish of Witton cum - Twambrooks• WEAVERHAM POLLING DISTRICT—Acton and Weaver-I haro-cum-Milton. WINNINGTON POLLING DISTRICT— North wich ; that part formerly the Urban part of Winning. ton ; Winnington : that part formerly the Rural Dart of whonington ; W'innington that pert formetly known as Wallerscote. And for all and every the Parishes, Townships. and places (If any) within the said Northwich Division of the County of Chester, for which Courts to Revise the Par- liamentary Electors' Lists, County Electors' Lists, and Parochial Electors' Lists therein, have not hereinbefore been appointed. All Overseers and other Persons whose attendance may be necessary, are hereby required to attend the said Courts at the several times and places aforesaid, at which the Lists of their respective Parishes are hereby appointed to be revised, and all Overseers are required to produce in Court the Rate Books of their respective Parishes, containing the Poor Rates made and allowed during the period between the sth day of January. 1903, and the 15th day of July, 193, and to bring with them copies of their Lists, and all Notices of Claims and Objections, and other Papers they have received, con- eerning the Registration of Parliamentary Mentors for the Northwich Division, and County and Parochial Electors of the said County of Chester. IIRGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Cheshire County Council. Chester, 30th. July 1903. -- LANGLANDT SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PRINCRS3 LOUISR " OR OT HER STEAMER, From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. Thum Sep. 3rd 8 p.m. Tues Sep. Ist 2 p.m. *7.5 pm. Tues. Sep Bth 10 p.m. Sat. Sep. sth 2 p.m. *5.23 p.m. Sat Sep. 12th 130 p.m ThuraSep. 10th 2 p.m *6.30 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington, Widnes, etc. ORDINARY FARES FROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single. us; Return(valiel for two months),l6s ad. Steerage. Single, 51 6d. SpECIAL RETURN TICKETS.—(VaIid for 10 days), Cabin. 14s ; Steerage, 8s 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS-STREET, MANCHESTER. 10, RUMFORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. FxPress Service Daily (Slindava excepted) • AP,.11,01' , BARROW to DOUGLAS—at '2 15 pin. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 a.m. Train in connf &ion with steam, r leaves Warriugton Preston at 10.55 m. 0.. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 24s Pd Trains run Third class and aloon Its 64 ,- alongside Third class atm Fore Cabinl Is 61 1 Steamers. SPECIAL NOTIC-4.—CIRCULAR 'TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or rice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares:— First—class and Saloon l9s ed Third-class and Saloon .. 14, Od Third-class and Fore Cabin 10s Oft This journey may be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for the Lakes) Furness Abbey or Ba,rrow. I MPO RTANT NOTION.—The magnificent express stetmers " DUCHESS OF niivonsin RR " and " DUCHESS OF BIICOLEUCH " will be on t h.:. service durinfe the season. Tourist 'note book post free 24.—JAMBS LITTLB & CO.. Barrow.

PA TENT " PEVER IL " FIRE GRATES. THE MOST CHEERFUL FIRE EVER INTRODUCED. POSSESSES MANY ADVINTAGES OVER THE ORDINARY STYLE OF GRATE. -JOSEPH S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON. LARGE STOCK OF WOOD CHIMNEY \ PIECES IN OAK, MAHOGANY, WALNUT, ETC

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, ti EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W4ICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Q.old and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on ieweliely, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ito.. to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE :CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING SHOE. IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

M.C.D. JUVENILE SUITS FROM M.C.D. NEW DESIGNS 2/9 M.C.D. YOUTHS' SUITS ) FROM FASHIONABLE CUT. 8/6 M.C.D. MEN'S S UITS ) FROM IVI.C:D. LATEST STYLES. 18/6 M.C.D. M C.D. ALL THE NEWEST STRIPES AND FANCY PATTERNS. M.C.D. M.C.D. THE M.C.D. BESPOKE DEPARTMENT. MEN'S SUITS TO MEASURE FROM M.C.D. ANCH ST ER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI COL, FRAMn MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Weddtna and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms Moderate. A FISH. COLLECTION OF PHOI:OGRAPHS for Crystolenrn and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR • MORRELL'S "IN K s (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID I NEVER FADE! had wholesale from SAM N. GREEN, MARKETIPLACH, WARRINGTON

DIARRH(E DURING THE LAST HALF CENTURY EVERYONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMBS HAS MADE A POINT OF CARRYING SOME DR. J. CpCLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE SO AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMMEDIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF DIARRHEA DYSENTERY, CHOLERA ETC. HOT WEATHER IS DUE IN THE BRITISH ISLES, AND EVERY-ONE SHOULD TAKE A LITTLE PRECAUTION. DON'T WAIT TILL YOU ACTUALLY WANT THE CHLORODYNE ; YOU MIGHT BE DRIVEN TO SENDING AN IGNORANT MESSENGER FOR THE MEDICINE YOU REQUIRE, AND SOME SUBSTITUTE MIGHT BE PUSHED ON HIM. YOU WANT DR. J. C OLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

ACCIDENTS OF ALE. KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCID HRT & DISEASE Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria &•:.. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' Afl SSURANCE k/O. Establithed 1849. ...LAIMS PAID £4,500,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented aistricts• AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr, W.H. RlGBEY.Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willow Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bride varnworth Mr. J. 1-TOLLAND WATSON.NoorfId Mous

HIGH-CLASS DAIMLER MOTOR CARIitAGH can b hired by day or week; experienced chaffeur.—Apply ETCH ELLS, Cecil P treat, Greenheys, Manchester. Tele- phone 3155

Al 0 T 0 R S. CLARENDON MOTOR CYCLES, .2;-, 21, AND 3 H.P. CLARENDON MOTOR CARS, MILLFORD TRAILERS AND FORE-CARS. JOHN MELBOURNE LTD., WILDERSPOOL IRON WORKS. WARRINGTO;N. TELEPHONE No. 122.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) :38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

............ • PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &c. • 41k. TO REAP SUBSTANTIAL • BENEFITS, • • FURNISH AT • p Tirss • Established 1845. Tel. 1124. • • MANCHESTER . * • • • Pitts's Furnishing Guide Is renowned far and wide as a • reliable work of refemmce. as it • contains 800 Artktic Designs. • priced, and shows how a c ear saving of about fifty per cent. 4* may be effected. Gratis, l'o-t • Free. Cash Quotations Only. Easy Payments to per cent. extra. • • London Rd. & Caythorn. • ••••.......• PITTS'S BOOKED DURING THE WEEK (six working days) ended July 30th, 1903, apart from, ontracts, £1,022 OF' SALES. These sales comprised one order for South Africa for £10) another for Stretford for ZMO. and others for Manchester Rochdale, Altrincham, Knutsford, Fallsworth, Stoke. Hyd , Preston. St-Annes-on-Sea, garple, Olchana, Alderley Rigs Australia, An, Ac. PITTS'S MODEL FUttNISH ED HOUSE. containing Dining. Drawing, Three Bedrooms. Kitchen. and Scullery, equipped throughout. everything perfec;ly NEW. for 2•8 guineas, is a marvel for the money. Also THREE SPRCIMIIN FURNISHED ROOMS, Dining, Draw- ing, and Bedroom, at 100 guineas each, are not exeelled elsewhere at 50 per cent more. On view at LONDON-ROAD only. PITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF ‘FURNI- TURB at Iq, G2k, 281, 38i. 50. 75, 100, 200 up to 1.000 guineas, excite wonder and admiration in all who see them. THEE STAND UNRIVALLED. They are a source of pride and delight to PITTS'S countless customers, and of despair to would-be competitors. Everyone astounded at the quantity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possess- ing a Happy English Home, comfortably, artistically, and economically furnished, should send to PITT'S for full particulars. PITTS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 22i guineas, equal to what expensive city firms. charge £4O for, contains artistic SITTING ROOM SUITE in ' Leather, consisting of tasteful Couch or Sofa, pair of Basy Chairs and set of small °Lairs, substantial Dining Table. Carpet or Floorcloth, nice design Hearthrug, Brass Bar Fen- der and Set of Brasses, Cornice Pole and Pair of Curtains. KITCHEN has strong Dresser and Set of Chairs, Rocking and Arm Chairs, Round, Square, or Fall Leaf Table, Fender, Fireirotis, Floorcloth. and Rug. BEDROOM—Serviceable Suite, polished or enamelled, Cane Chairs, Towel!. Rail. Toilet. Service,:strong full-sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress. Overlay. Bolster,and two Pillows. Carpet or Floorcloth.and Fender. H &LL STAIRS and LAND I NG—Carpet, Floorcloth Stair Rods and Ryes, Brass Door Plate,Cocoa and Door Mats. Really splendid value. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LONDON ROAD (Ardwick and Loagsight Cars). GAYTHORN (all City Road Cars pass doors). Established 1845. National Telephone 11V.

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS Testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, and Pains in the Blois. Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys. Gout. Sciatica, and Rheumatism. Try one box; if not satisfied money returned. Is. lid. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Halt, CleckLeaton. Yorks.

• PIOLasTEEL ;11 ior Ladies'. PILLS A FRENCH RRMEIT rIPERI3IID ING BITIR APPLE. PIL 00011IAC, PIINNYBOYAL, &a. Pries 4. 6d. post free. Obtainable only from M ARTIN, CHEMIST. SOUTHAMPTON

, . . . . . . . . 4, 4 ...'..- . "61 • z 4 ••,.' !AI, ~ .. : • ‘ , , . . t i ,L, - '''''t,, ''' le :W. ~ ? • . ...', 7j.L.4k. - \ ~. CF llc ,If\) 1 , 5,..i, ~ ' . ' 4 ' .2; ARE Tilt br..51 ...i VALUE 1.11 {3111511 CI3AQS OBTAINAOLE i:jV 1, . , t.., .. \ CIODD 311../ct:7411, .1; 2DEACii ‘(- 7rai , . . . . ..... flit ; .. . i. 2. i'l" 1 ''.'• 1 ' *i ' • i '. . s. _ 1 .. • - ~ v c.t.4,..:,/, ,reo . , 1.9..... AVISS BROS. 0 COVENTR.Y :

AIaRNTS Josepli Beswick, Horsemarket St, WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun. Top Locks, Runcorn. S. JHAVONS, 21, George St., St. Haien," CULSHAW, 38 Bur,couvh St, AND OF ALL TOBACCoNISTS.

CHARLES WOLF'S - Gents' Solid Gold Alberts from 25f- each. Warranted. Engagement & Wedding Rings A SPECIALITY. WHEN IN LIVERPOOL VLSIT CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Watchmaker & Diamond Merchant, DNLY ADDRE,, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Marvellous TALKING MACHINES

..;'\ \ All kinds. Archer & Sons ~,,- ,\\ 5 St. Ceorge's Crescent ,- s 1 ..,- l, ,!), Castle - --- Street _ - -......-)..P• ' .: -, -----..- lOW Liverpool --a.-„,---, : s ~...,..- 4 - :0 £ 2 0

B 9 H 111 , ,:....,.. . , 1 .. , 4 .., CUSTA i 4 A 0 ri DAILY LUXURY! P 0 r " , '-‘, ..,. 4: ~-, E 1

A Delicacy Ready. MITCHELL'S BONELESS -,111111911111 Pressed ..- • - .., ,\‘• .. `• •.. COOKED / rlk Bacon .DAT.TT.T... and BRADT TOR TAM T. I From all Groeerp, or a sample, 14 lbs.) direct carriage paid for 3s. ed. Postal Order. MITCHELL% Ltd., 8, Victoria. Street, Livernooi.

MAKES THE SKIN as SOFT as ...tx S Ar. VELVET sst.‘" f. , Re-,,,s all ••' ::HNESS. I.4corej PN. EDN7SS: HE AT, IRRITATION, TAN.and ' KEEPS THE SKI SOFT, SMOOTH, and, WHIT E: ALT. THE YEAR ROUND. Delightftilla COOLING & REFRESHING during the summer Bottles,6 it ( post free,Sd ), 1,/, I'9, and, g 6 each. M. BEET HAM Sr or, cheileitham.

itpartments furnifteb 3Llonts dr

MORRCAISIBW—APARTARNTS with or without board; near tram, train, and sea.—Mre STANSFIELD, 25, Huston road.

QOUTEPORT.—PubIic or private APARTMENTS; 2s per 0 bed ; cycle accommodation ; very central. Mrs. SHIPLEY 5. Derby road.

XTBVIN, North Wales.—To Let for September. Furnished _LI or APARTNIHNTS ; three minutes to beach,— DAVIES, Rosehill.

AJAMS (late Oldham road, Rochdale), 24 Crystal J.IL road, South Shnre, Blackpool; public aad private APARTMENTS, Piano. CLEETHORPES.—Superior APARTMTS, eea EN and gardens; terms moderate.—Mrs. BARROW, The Arcade, Alexandralroad. A PARTMENTS TO LET 2 sitting, 4 bed rooms • splendid sea view ;close to 'those golf links : SEA BANK Bourn, Penrhyn Bay, Llandudno.

BlACKPOOL.—Comfortabte APAtt ANNTd, near Taioou road Station and sea; Phl3o.—Mßs. GRICE (from nt Helens), 27 General street. BLACKPOOL—Superior APAR CMIHNTS, with or with- out board; near sea, stations and amusements.— PALMER. 93. Albert-road.

D LACKPOOL.—Mrs LEAvgB, 13 Blundell fame; near Foxhal' Hotel, Is each person, Boarders 3s 6d., One minute from sea. Plano.

MRS. AGLRN, Tower House. Silverdale, near Oarnforth ; sitting-rooms. several bedrooms; adjoining farm; near sea; healthy place.

pRESTA TYN.— Delightful walks and scenery; charming char-a-bane tours; sea and mountain, braliug.—M:s WILLIAMS, Northop Villas.

APART3IHNTS.—St. Annes-ou-the-Sea. Misses FIELDEN (from Todmorden), 76 Hastnor House, St, Andrews road South. near Station and Sea.

- 1 AKE DlSTRlGT.—Comfortable APARTBIBNTS, Sitting L and Bedroom terms moderate.—aire. LOWDEN, 31, Wordsworth street, Keswick.

MRS CROWDRR.3I, Harrington Street, New Cleethorpes Comfortable Home. Public or private rooms. Facing Sea. Minute from train or car

DOUGLAS.—HARwoop's Richmond House, 8, Rmpire Terrace, Central Promenade : Apartments, with or without board : terms moderate.

PR RSTATY N.— HOLIDAY HOU II for Ladies, between sea and mountains; terms 18s.—Address RoGERB, Wern House, Dyserth, N. Wales. -- --- IiLACKPOOL.—Nice APARTIIIHNTS, very central; neAr the sea, North Pier, Tower and Gardens.—MlLLS, Stanley House, 150 Church street.

BANGOR. North Wales.—Comfortable APARTMIINTS, moderate terms ; 7 minutes from railway station, pier, and baths.—Tiromis, 13, Crescent. XIV HlTBY.—Comfortsble APARTMIINTS ; pleasantly V situated ;terms moderate.—Mrs UnwiN,lB,Groye street' Fishburn Park. Whitley, Yorkshire.

BRIGHTON.—Lady's noose Furnished, excellent position £2. Shops and Villas £26 to £9s—Youxo, HoLBECIC AND SADLER, Auctioneers. Brighton.

DUBLIN.---AOOOMMODATION for VISITORS by day or week, moderate, 5 minutes G.P.0., convenient tram. Mrs. J. SEYMOUR, 58, Eccles street. SCARBOBOUGH.—Comfortable APARTJAHNTS ; private or otherwise; one minute from station; near sea and spa.—Apply 11, BELLE VUE TERRACE.

fIOMPORTABLE APAiakIHNTS or Board near Like k.) Park. and Station. Terms moderate. Local reference —FORSYTH, Barclay House, Keswick.

A PARTMENTS TO LT; clean, homely, two minutes 11. from L and Y station. Piano. Every comfort.—Mrs. THOMAS. 7, Hawesside street, Southport. 00MRORTABLE LODGINGS for Young Men, comfort k... 1 and good liring at moderate terms.—Apply 15, FLETCHER STREET. Wilderspool, Warrington.

HOSOOLYN BAY, HoIyhead.—APARTMENTS Farm- IL, house close to beach. P,0.. Church; bracing air, wild-duck shooting; boat free.—T Du FARM.

BLACKPOOL. —Most comfortable Apartments, near sea, Victoria Pier, and Promenade : every convenience. MRS, BAMFORTH, Gladstone-terrace. 57. Dean-street, S.

ABERYSTWITH.—ComfortabIe AP&RTMIR NTS. well recommended; three minutes from station and five from promenade.-11irs. JoNEB, &rim. Buarth road. -DRAY, COUNTY WICKLOW.—APARTHHNTS : very I) comfortable, °tem, and well recommended ; 5 minutes from sea and rall.—Mrs. CARROLL, 4, Duncairn avenue. BRRSOCH, NORTH WALRS.—APARTMICNTS for September ard October, 2 @Mimi-rooms, 3 bedrooms; 150 acres shootlng ; moderate terms.—Jovingeort, Fronolen.

lit. September NORTH WALtiS.—APARTBIRNTS for September and October; two sittum reruns, four bedrooms close to sea; moderate terms—JONES, Bryntlrion

BLACKPOOL.--Mrs. CROSS. Argyle Hou•e. 92. Hornby road. near Central station and sea; public an d private APARTMIINLS, with or without board; strictly moderate terms. •

MORECAMBH.—APARTMNNTS, MRS. STRINGFELLOW . (late of Lee)). Lathom House, 33. Oxford street, five minutes from L. & N.W. station, two from sea.

B LACKPOOL.—Birs Uttley, 94, Albert road. Reasonable APARTMISNTh. public or private. clean and homely ; near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

CIOMFORTABLB Apartments a few minutes from sea and NJ Central Station; is each person, bed and attendance.- 13 and 15. ROTHSAY•ROAD. Central-drive. Blackpool.

HOUSHS and APARTMENTS to be Let, in Penrnwarnawr; one of the prettiest and healthiest seaside resorts on the Welsh Ooast.—Apply T and H JONES, house agents.

MIARMHOUSB APARTMIIISITS.—Two bedrooms, sitting. 1: room; near mountain and beautiful scenery—For terms apply to Ssoxic Ty Coth. Llanganhafal, near Rothln.

BLA.CKPOOL.—APARTNIIINTS ; is per day each person; five minutes from Central Station, sea, and amuse- ments. Cycle accommodation—Mrs.ToPPlNG.22o,Central Drive

A PAPTMENTS.—TO BE LET. four Bedrooms and two 11. Sitting Rooms; close to sea; goo 4 cooking; terms moderate —Vrs. WILLIAMS, Dinorwie House, Comacs Bay Anglesey.

T AKH DISTRICT.—KHSWICK. Cumberland.—APAßT- .lJ MINTS to Let,sitting and drawing rooms. 6 bedrooms, bath. hot and cold water : terms moderate.—Mrs.lll,RazBoN, 17. Hellvelyn street. ,

DAM' of a WELL FURNISHED HOUSE to Let, or sitting and one or two bedrooms ; pleasantly situated : healthy spot: terms moderate.—Apply Mits BunioP, Woodlands, Ashford Barbonal, Ludlow,

SOUTHPOR r.—Mrs. WHALTEY RontnaoN, 69, Bath street; comfortable APARTMENTi, board or not, public and private. piano; moderate terms; satiny aspect; two minutes from Pier. Promenade and Municipal Gardens.

BLACKPOOL.—A. delightful holiday at the seaside with home comforts, reisonsble charges, can he had to perfection by staving with MIRA DUCK WORT)! ?.6, Vance road, near Central Station.—Terms 25 per day,for two persons.

eggcs, Voultrp, ttr. FOWL CORN, Ts 6d lOs 6d, 12 6d, 2401 be ; Pig Food, 7s 6d per 2001b8.—RocHE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzaB Liver- pool. kiention paper. -- Dunn BISCUIT MICAL.—Plain, lOs p.r cwt. ; with meta 1 12s 6d. ' • fine chicken mail. 12s 6d. : put on rail ; cash with order.—BurNH and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street, Liverpool.

QPANGLBD Orpington., Buff and Black Orpineons, Minorcav, Anialusians, Leghorns, Rocks, Campines and Wyandottes, 34. doz —W. MA.YOR,Borough Hill Poultry Farm, Daventry, WILCOX'i POULTRY SPICIR pro iuces more eggs.keeps V fowls healthy, prevents gapes and cramp In chickens: tins 6d and Is post frivl 81 and is 34. Try Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 15s per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. k F. WiLcox, Sandyford, Stone,Staffo rdshire.

rEo be 'et. PENKETIL—Cottages 4s Od., 31. 9d. and 2s. Ed. per weak OFFICES MARKET STRBET 15 PIERPOINT STREW, 4s. Od., per week. Apply ROBERT LowE. Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-stroet War, cington. Telepbone—No 66.

rpo BS LB(r, large lock-up SHOP, with large retiring room _l_ behind; rent £35.--JEArie & Sox,Winwick at, Warrington

MO LW. STABLE and COA.CHHOUSB. with lofts ow, 1 lame yardlattaehed off Tanners Lane.—Applv WOODS It Sonlyieitors. 65. Horsernarketstree Warrington.

J ACE BARGAINS, 36 yards ls.—Sints, 71, Shields-road, 11 Newcastle, 130 R LEGGINGS, strong gl wes, belting, leather, send I. BAJLEK, Manufacturers, Chard. AQUICK ROAD TO HEALTH.—Professor ALDERTON, . 29, Talbot road, Bournemouth.

TipHsT SUMMER DIET. See Apple tree cookery book 300 .L 1 receipes, la and Is 6d. GIENDINNING, 34, London Wall. London

4 / CARRIAGR PAID, the most wonderful RAT TRAP ,- existence. One to four alive each cast.—Fox, 45, Ullswater road, Lancaster.

GAS COOKHR (EURRKA.), nearly new; also strong Bale Truck, cheap.—J. REIIO, 36 Princess road, Moss Side, Manchester.

PICTURHS HANDPAINTED on boards. canvas 3s. baoh state wants.—WiLmeste, 2, Riabrooad villas, Wood- ville road, S. Woodford.

ADM' or GICDITS' Real Silver WTCIIH. perfectly ..I.J new, 12s 6.1 post free, worth 30s.—FORTE6O,UE, 16 Fairfields:terrace, Wrexham.

QTAINIMHRING. —Books dealing exhaustively with this Subject lent free t, sufferers.—SECRETARY, 36 Waverley road, Pdrk lane, Tottenhim. N. WNY NOT START " CONFRCTIONRRY " Recipes for sale cheap. Apply letter only Miss Li, 7. Moss street, Great Harwood, Near Blackburn.

flUßli THYSSLF.—No catchpenny advertisement or quack medicine; particulars past free.—Mr. LOGUE. 9, Southampton street, Holborn, H.C.

SHOOTING.—D. B. HAMNIBR GUN, 12 bore left choke, top lever, once used, and 20 cartridges. 558.— BENNETT, Hatters, 17, Swan street, Manchester.

CILARKIVS Corn and Wart Cure.—Have you Corns, why V not get rid of them ? Price lid per box, post free.— FITTP, Opening Bar street, Norwich.

HOW TO BISCOMH AN UXPiSHT TYPlvir by John Vardle, London School Board, post free is 6d. 21 FINSBURY PAVEMENT. London E. C. 11A.RDWARB. Clothing. Furniture Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue tree. BERRIDGE AND CO. (102), Birmingham.

ATHI MONIAL POST," sealed bd ; with circatar 94 ; 11'1 estab Jibed quartsr of a century.—Rnuon. "M. Post." 12, Trafalgar Building, London, Vir.o, A NTI-RHRUMATIO RINGS.—A, certain cure for Itheu- Cl_ matism, 4s 6d each post free. Sent size •of finger.— CROUCH .1% Co.. 80, Barl's Court road, London. DOROTHY MANTLISLESS INCANDRSCHNT BURNBRS no mantle required everlasting. 2s 6d post free. DOROTHY Bunsiai Co., Holloway road. London. WHAT TO BAT AND HOW TO COOK IT. The Apple Tree Cookery Book and Guide-,to Rational Diet, la and is 6d.—GLICNDENNING. 34, London Wall, London. CilIP POTATO and Cook Shop IeITTINtii, every variety Champion Rangers, Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 10C page List free-51ABBOT'S, Poland-street, Manchester._ D HBUM TISM, sufferers send 2s P:O. and I will for it) ward genuine recipe, marfellous results, hundred, cured—W. liAmmortn, 1 George's terrace, Chiltern st., Hull.

I,IX rEAORDINARY lINSULTd. Indigestion, Dyspepsia _LI cured without medicine or expense, recipe / s worth pounds.—CHELLowaSouth Normanton, Alfreton, Derbyshire.

PNILES. lininrcliate relief. certain cure. dr. York's pills. the only known specific for piles.ls lfd 2s 9d boxes, post free. Proprietors, G. BwlNnirEirrolf.Chemist, Longton.Staffs.

C OSTRICH FRA.TELIMS.four equal payments, V half shop prices, satisfaction certain. —WALKER BROFI., 5 Nuttall street, Atherton, Manchester, and liwartskop, houth Africa,

I\THW STACK or WAGON COVERS. 301 t. by 15ft., of .1.1 superior waterproof material made for Government costing 965. each Accept 60s to clear.—Janvis, 29. Hanover- street, Liverponi.

QPECIAL CLEARING- LINES. marvellous value, 46 6d 0 rugs sent p,,st free Is 9d, 4s albums for cabinets sent post free 1s 6d. COTTRELL Baos,, 175, Manchester road. Mosley, Lancashire.

ri)}ll4 EYES.—To remove all Inflarnatiun, estickiness titter sleep ; produce Growth of Eyelashes ; Beautify and pre- serve. Send particulars to II„ SO, Beeston-hill, Leeds. Satisfaction guaranied• PRE BOUQUET COIPIPIAIs COMP&NY will forward 1. carriage tree, to any part of the kingdom, their ex- quisite Coffee, roasted, whole on reecipt of Is 6d per lb.-89 Harrow road, London. W. [ NDIGESTION.—Sufferers from this distressing complaint should write at once for a box of Quinine and Hop Tonic Pills (silvered). Price is. Id. post free.—CHRTTLE, Chemist. Clevedon.

RVBRSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick completions;lt loans arranged at low rates Mortgage securities wanted at 31 to 4i per cent.—T. SMITH WocsLEY. 26, Cooper street, Manchester.

NBURALGIA., Sciatica, Alumla, and fieuro-Rheumatic Affections. Barlow's Tic Powdars, oldest and best remedy: Fifty years' reputation. Of all Chemists, is lid or 25 91 post free.—lLLsidinr, Chemist, Barnard Castle

XT ITTING. NSTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. Thomas JOHNsotes, Net Warehouse CorporPtion-street, Manchester.

y 00K l-4,000 Pairs New MILUrIttIE BLUCHIMS sewn Li very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for 5s 6d per pair; money returned if not appreved of,—H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

_ 462TBRILITY in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- kJ meet. An Illustrated edition, by a late Seniorc Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 38 dd.— London: SHELLEY it CO., LTD, 38, Grace... Murcia-street.

A UPBCIAL OFFER.—Ledies DUD brie Bodices ,be filth ally made, tucked and trimmed, fine lace and insertion, 12 different patterns, sizes 19 to 27, price is Hid post free, worth 2s 11d.—SEMLLEY & LODGE, Ladies' Clutfltters,Sheifielol.

LICZEMA.—" DX. WILSON'S ROZMila. CUEtiC " gives _LI immediate relief and speelily cures torturous skin diseeses, ulcerated sores. Jars Is. lid.. treble 2s. 9d.— Principal chemists or DR. Wll.Bol,es AGENCY. 20, Fordlaam street, Liverpool. IDA.TTBRSON'S M.P. Letter Binders; the original (intro- ducted 1370), and still the best. Files Accounts, Receipts. and ell kinds of documents. quarto size. 12 ins. x 10 ins., 64 delivered free.—Send P.O. to JAMES PATTERSoN, 7, Albert square, Dundee.

A BOON TO HOUSSKREPRRS.—GentIencens shirts Lt, refitted, gentlemen's socks and stockings darned or re-footed by hand, ladies' underclothing repaired; any descripion of domestic sewing done.—DEsmociu & SoNs. Clandy, Lonionderry. _ i46I4IIIIMATOID ARTHRITIS and Rheumatic Gout 11. speedily cured by marvellous new discovery. Spleedid results. Moderate cost. Bastcra GouLD, Rheumatic Specialist, "Ivanhoe," Queenswood riyad, Birmingham. Advice and testimonials free.

G'ur. Rheumatism. Sciatica, Limbluo, and aching pains In the back and limts spee.illy relieved and permen- ently cured by my special treatment. All sufferers who waut a reliable cure at a reasonable price send 2s 6d:to EUGEN VALLIZE, 27 Wood street, Ladywood. Birmingham

INDIGHSTIO N. —Ths REWORD& ROOMY will rend FRBR tl all applinnts an excellent BOTANIO OURR for Indigestion. Biliousness. Liver Complaints, Piles, Rheumatism. Gout, and Bronchitis.—&ddress The SECRE- TARY (Dept. 19), BOTANIC INSTITUTE, Nottingham.

A WEEK (without security). Gent's English Hall— / marked Sterling Silver Lover Watch, chronometer balance. 15 jewels, 10 years guarantee Lady's Engraved Watch, 30s. Presentalon chain with each. Carriage paid. Write to-day,—Only address, DAVIES'S WATCH STORES, Low Hill. Livernnol

'TOURISTS and Visitors should not be without ANTI 1 MICRO Disinfectant Water Softener, Air and Water Purifier. Indispensable for toilet and Pick room, And where water bard, uncertain, or impure. Unequalled for foot bath. Sample and po,tage 9d.—'ANTIMICHO' Depot, 6 Pros- pect Place, Swansea. Retailers wanted.

910 BE SOI. D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works: lately used by the Lanrmshire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lull. with siding Lo the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Gddress J. HOWING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

HO'S YOUR LA.WYER ? I haven't requirwl one since VT I bought of CROSBY LOCKWOOD A:4D SOV, 7 Stationers' Hall Court. London, E C , a Copy of' EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER,' by A BARRISTER, price 6s B.i post tree, which has been repaid to me twenty times over in the saving of lawyers' fees. New and Revised Edition (1903) just published

AHEART lIIMBWER. Mroold's Ad•Llifa. The World's Heart remedy. Instant relief in all cases of weak action palpitation, faintness, trembling, etc. The greatest dis- covery of the century. A battalion or strength in the heat of to-day's life battle. Per bottle 24 9d, post paid sole agency in Great Britain. Tte BRITISH .1173-LLIYA. DEroT, 139, Albert Avtnue, Hull. -•

HAY AND CORN SllBo6.—Steel and Iron Sheds 62 x 24ft. 17ft to eve', partly enclosed. Price delivered erected £93 cash. or 3 yearly payments of £3,3. Other sizes in propo-tion. ,Fire-proof, storm-proof, practically indestructible. Thlusands in use. Save their cost to farmers in very few years. Lighter Shed £BO.-16s.ec Dixo NAND Co., Windsor Ironworks, Elehlll, Liverpool.

HAVB YOU A BIRTHDAY? Is it lucky? See The Tallisman.' Charms. Amulets, Hypnotism. &e. Speci- men. 4d.—PUBLISHER 52,n, Station Parade, Harr)gate.

TEETHING POWDERS.—Wise mothers give their babies J. Swift's Teething and Cooling Powder,. Safe and sure 12 stamps, post free.--SwIFT, Chemist, Huddersfield (Estab. 30 years.) IIA3IILIES REQUIRING FASHIONABLE JET ORNA— • MENTS for mourninz or otherwise should apply IRE STAR JET WORKS, 18 Grove street, Whitby,- Yorkshire for an approval parcel. Carriace Paid. FGH SALE, Centre seconds Stop watch. 7s 6d; handsome china clock, 58, excellent time keepers; Opera glasses in leather case. 8$ 6d ; 2 silk alberts 15.—BouRNE,Ada cottage Stonebridge, Do.king, Surrey.

MEW RAPID SHOE SHINER.—Boot cles.ning revolu- -11 tionised No modern home or travelling outfit is Com- plete without this tueful, novelty. Post free, ls Ed,—PATENT BRUPII GLOVE MANUFAXTERING CO,, 69, Manor Road, Brookley, Londoß. Agents wanted.

WATCH.—Gentlemen's Half-Hunt:tr. appear..nce and wear equal to 18et. Gold, Keyless. good timekeepet. Approval. 13s 6d, or will exchange Foreign stamps.-- STACEY HOOKER, Cleveland Gardens, Barns.

TIOUSH —TO BEC SOLD. commodious and convenient House, 33, Arpley-street, Warrington, containing two entertaining-rooms, good kitchen, scullery, four bedrooms, bath and we. separate, two cellars —Apply as above.

gotorkg, ZugfneOgeo. eft. CONFECTIONERY BUSINBSS FOR RALR ; oven on level.— 29, RGERTori-STREET. Moses Gate, near Bolton. L'IRUITHRIRR'S and Greengrocer's BURIN 1466 for Sale as 1 a Going Concern ; steady trade; owner giving up.-2 6. BRBBINOToN ROAD, New Ferry, Birkenhead. OTHL and Spirit Vaults, in a great th,iroughfar e. central : two billiard tahles : no goo iwill ; all a t valuation.—T. WALLVfoRK, 37, Van3hester street,Liverpool .

BTIRING. —Splendid Baer and Wine House six barrels t and good bottle trade; price £230 licence clew. ; rent £45, good living rooms; no agents.-85. Slims LANE, Eccles, Manchester.

QTATIONBILY. Fancy Goods and Tobacco Business, well 0 stocked and fitted ; cheerful main rood ; nice locality ; splendid house; low rent.—MILLS and ALLIkom, 49, White- chapel. Liverpool.

ETA—TOBACCO, News, smvtly fitted, wall stocked A.. 1 Shop; main road ; 3 living rooms; gretr, bird reason selling, other business.—MlLLs aud &tract) Whitechapel, Liverpool, SBASIDB for disposal High Class STATIONBRY FANCY AND TOY BUSINESSIin best part of New Brighton. Splendid Opportunity. Bargain to quick pur- chaser.-133, Victoria Road, New Brighton'

LIURNITURB RBMOVINGLittii, outskirts; estab- lished 20 years ; full work for five horses and vans ; good house ; large yard ; low rent; o;.:en for an offer. —T. WALLworx. 37, Manchester-street, Liverpool, QOUTHPORT.—Z4S will buy a profitable BUSINNSS,'Iwo 0 tomato house,, one greenhouse, one propagating house, with heating apparatus, all well stocked ; large gardens with beautiful house attached. Rent £lB IN.—Apply 26, LESLEY ROAD, Southport.

To BACCONIST (only), first-class business; well fitted and I. stocked; turnover £lOO yeArly ; old-established; near city, good neighbourhood ; near tram stopping statioo ; best prices ; a olendid house, 5 bedrooms, all modern conveniences low rent ; good reason for selling ; trade proved.—M ILLS Red ALLIBM, 49, Whitechapel. Liverpool.

DOES YOUR BUS.INESS NNW) STIKULATIN4 ? Are you doing the amount you might do? Whether you are or whether you are not we can assist you to do more. In what particular way is plainly told if you send a request on your trade paper for our new and interesting booklet"Ad vertleing for Profit." It is free.—Address "EXPERT, N.C.O. 47 Fleet street, London, E.C.

DLAGGUM, 146 a, Dale-street, Liverpool, have to Let, FULL-LICENSED HOUSE in Chester; rent £3O; good trade; roomy house; valuible inventory; £230. Central SPI IT VAULTS. license clear; low rent; splendid counter trade ; £22o.—Blagg and Green, 146 a, Dale-street, Liverpool. Wanted, Fuliy-Licensed Country-Rouse, doing steady trade ; with land preferred ; clear from fines ; about £300. Stagg and Green, 146 a, Dale-street. Liverpool.

13ROWN AND 11 )0.: sACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINE3S AGENTS, AND VALUERS, Established 1875, WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY CLASS OF BUSINESS, STOJKS OR MACHINERY, WILL FIND YOU & PARTNER Will! £5 TO £5OOO. Call at our Office with particulars of whs. you want to Buy or Sell. We will suit you in any line of Business. NO SALE, No CHARGE. 34, SOUTH JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FDR SALR, useful TRAP, to carry four. St for the road. D. McKay, 261, Woodhouse lane. Wigan. ANDAU on SALE in very good condition, or open to 1J exchange. Price only R 15.• Palma 8 Roe-lane,Soutbport. -- rpo BEI SOLD, TWO PONIMS, 13 hands, ebelp ; quiet and _L. steady in harness.-66, RICE Lam Walton, Liverpool,

O N SAL% ;Dark Bay COB, six years old, 14. 2, sound and quiet.—Apply R.tJCILuAw, Brook Vale, Burtonwood. 3R % SAL WAGONRTTS (Stanhope). holds four,in good eondition, cheap.—CHADWICK, 76, Winnell road, South Shore, Blackpool

10 LARGH heavy he.lthy PlriS. fire months old, £ll ; Carriage paid.—Annwa WILLIAMS, Chalkpits Farm, Matching Green, Essex.

D cure for Mange and Skin Irritations, L warranted non-poisonoue ; twenty years' experience ; price Is 3d—ROBERTS, Oakleigb, Morley.

TIOUPPIIIS.—ON SAL% three PUPPIRS, nearly pure bred .1 Spaniels. 7s. 6d. each; mother Spaniel, 15a.—Apply ALFRED WEBSTER, Alyanley. near Warrington.

CIARRIAGB3.-109 new and second-hand, of every die,- kJ cription, at lowest prices.—OßANT. carriaste builder, 259, Oxford road, near Owens College. Manchester. Established 1870

-VOR SALE, cheap,—room wanted,—& smart bay pony 131 hands, rising 5 sears old, sound and good in every way a perfect model, face anything Price £27, also a pony rail car and gig.—Woßawicic. Furnisher, 50, Chapel lane. Wigan,

iflartmerp, etc. (1 AS ER9, Robinson's "RR" Gas engines ire kJ' reliable and easy to pat down. —RosiNeoN, Great Bridgewater Street. Manchester.

1011A.TRNTS Obtained °ally. Proyi.ilonal protection. 403 inclusive. Noted for moderatecharges. Special quota- tions for foreign pstents. Write for price list free by post —Btu:maim') AND Co.. Licensel and Registered Patent Agents. 121, Colmore Row, Birmingham.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMITED (late Ornerod, Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns Cie., telopging to the late Henry Wren and Co., Londorprovl iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all Idris of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and PIIIIOV Pitterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address " Orrnerod Grierson, Manchester."

P ATNT OPPICi4. MANCHE 8 T BATABLI9IrICD IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha.l more than 40 years' personal experienceln connection with this Establish- ment. andpossess practic.alknowledrfe of the ontton,woolien and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price Sri. " Colonial and !foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.11-, 90N, 313• A 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTNR.

SHORP NOTICE OF SALE. CENTRAL SALE ROOMS, No 1, BANK-STREET, vj WARRINGTON. WEDNESDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 2:93 at Bleven o'clock. SALE by A CTION of an early consignment of choice DUTCH BULBS. No reserves, Terms cash. Clients unable to attend may place their com- missions with the Auetioneer. ROBERT LOWE, Auctioneer. --- DRELIMINARY NO I'ICE, 42 BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER Bth at 2 O'CLOCK. SALE OF SUPERIOR HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, psrlour and bedroom suite, pianoforte and effects, by instructions from Mr. John McDermott, who is ieaying England.—ROßEßT LOWE, Auctioneer.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, Jr VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. CAME ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &c., warehoused.

MONRY.7-1f you need Money apply, by caning at once or writing, to P. WARD, 1 Rose Hill, Ramsgate. Privacy guaranteed.

MONEY TO LEND up to £10000: Wanted to Purchase Book Debts, Life Asrurance Policies, Syndicate to open up Coalfields, Colliery for Sale.—WiLtram ARNOLD, t4olicitor, Hanley, Staffordshire. 2250,000 on Mortgagefrom per cent . o b ;DeedsAdvancedn in n or Deposit o sums to suit borrowers in any parts of the country.—J. W. READER. 5 Cook street., Liverpool. releuhone 5182,

LONDOM and PROVINCIAL LOAN CO.. 46A. MARKRT MANCHRRTHR. are prepared to make advances to all classes on easy and convenient conditions. Strictest privacy guaranteed. Letters promptly attended to; distance tin object. _

I.4IXPIa(jrATIONO 1.1 t t WiLud.--Yersoris eatiGlod Go money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount. from £4 p.c. per ann.. speedily negotiated ; if preferred. lotn and interest repavatsle when legacies are paid. No preliminary chargai.—Apply MR. PEEL. The Arcade. 85 Lord-atre.t, Liverpool.

143 AND UPWARDS ADVANCRD DAILY to all Respect- able househliders, tradespeoplejsrmers, and all persons worthy of credit, with or without sureties. No fees. Call or write in confidence to the Cheshire Advance Company, 13, Legh street, Sankey street, Warrington; also at 16. Green- wood street, Altrincham.

D"'T BORROW IN YOUR OWN TOWN where you and the lender are well known. THR BRITISH FINANCE CO..which is expressly established,ancl registered pursuant to Act of Parliament, makes t'IIIVATE ADVANCES to male and female without Loan Office Routine. Interest end repayments Lowest in England. £5 LOAN 2s WEEKLY I £2O LOAN 7s WEEKLY £lO „ £ls „ Monthly and quarterly payments taken. Letters answered and cash brought to your houoe•—BRITISH FINANCE 00., 45a, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED, Established 1838. Registered Capital, £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENBHILW-STRRET, LIVERPooL, Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds. Shores. Policies, Reversions. Annuities. &co. £lO Repayable 5s weeeky. lontire interest £0 14s 9d £5O si 20s „ .1 ~ £3 8s Od £lOO „ 40s „ £6 15s Od Other sums proportionately. B ~ills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. Stocks and shares bought and Sold, —Furthes portioulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 5438 Liverpool. RICARD DAVIEi, Manger. _

OUR MOTTO IS PRIVACY AND LENIENCY. WE ARE WILLING To PRove YoU THAT WE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH A LOAN AT A LOWER RTE OF INTEREST THAN ANY OTHER OFFICE IN THE DISTRICT. APPLY AT ONCE TO 69, ETAYDOCR ST" EAR UST° WN AND I. EAST STREET, ST. HELENS, ESTABLISHEn LAST nENTURY.

&TABUS KED 11$70. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced ow NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIJIINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of rare I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conlu2ted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. KING-STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13. KEIWGATE-STREET. CHESTER.

VROM. £3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO A: GIVE ITS A CALL AND CO WINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEbT RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 64 weekly £2O repayable 78 64 weekly. £5 f $ 2s Od „ £5O „ 17e 64 „ £lO „ 3. 64 „ £lOO „ 39. 64 • f For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO„ 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Kiss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Homo, 9 amto 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE NID MD TO.

14 0N E Y .-NO FEES. NO FINES. NO ITJ. SURETIES. NO BILL OF SALE TAKEN. The great secret in borrowing money is to find a respect-. able place where you are honourably dealt with This old-established office is well known for its respectabil- ity and moderate charge of interest. You can rely on its privacy. Before applying els.3where apply and be convinced TO TEIB MANAGER (J. CALVERT). Claughton Chambers, St. Helens. All letters promptly attended to.

NO FINES.-NO SURETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals. tradespeople, farmers 80., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonable interest AND EASY REPAY iffINTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DPALINGS WITH ILL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to H. WOLFE 3c CO., 4, PARKER ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. All aoplicatione and letters promptly attended to. Head Office: 9. CoRPoRLTIoN ST. MANCHESTER.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MBN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respoct. *tie Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIlt AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. 7001' OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Betablished at this kactra. Twantv

TIE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKINO COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES, TasueEED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COMPANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1895. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £2503. LOANS OF £5 Ti) 000 are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more ruarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Albo upon Deeds of Property. Buildinif :kniebv Policies of Assurance, &a, FOR FURTHIHR PIRTIDULA RS APPLY TO THE MANAGINI. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WA.DFIWORI:H. 121, Mersey Street.

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES I SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE. (3) THIC RE ISOvABLE RITE OF INTEREST CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED To SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROwERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIES REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. A. 11 AYER, MANAGER. CORPORATION SUE '.l` BUILDINGS, CORPORATION STREET, WARRINGTON.

WBLSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL. Comfortable home. Lancashire references, Large grounds. Good education 21 guineas yearly. Through trains.

EfALE. OHRSHIRK.—Park House Day and Boarding St hool for Yonne Ladiei. Vaclncles for hoarders and K.G, Etudents. The School re-opens September Bth. UN IV ERSITY SCHOOL SOUTHPORT. V A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOA.RDING SCIIIOL FOR BOYS. T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., Principal.

MRS. 1-11181 NICWOOIII3I4 has resumed TUITION in OICE PRODUCTION. binging. and all branches of Musical Study.—THE Ewes, Sthcaton Heath. Terms on application.

SPR !NGFIELD SCUnOL, West Kirby (Recognised by the Board of Education )—Day Girls and:Boarders. Vacancy for Student Mistress. Situated c!oge to Marine Lake.—For prospectus apply to Miss WILSON, who will be at home after September 14.

VAIRHAVEN BIGR SCHOOL FOR GIRLS IL neat St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommt aation High-claes Modern Educatim. Staff includes Residen... B.A. Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal : MISS "MLLE N. WEST KIRBY, OHESHIRE.—GTRTON HOUSE 30HOOL, BOARDERS Arm DAY GIRLS. Princi- pals : Miss Hocxior and Miss BUTLER, Preparation for Exams. Music pupils for L.R.A.M. Deg. Recognised by the Board of Education. Games. Swimming.

HIGH SC'OOL 23, WILSON PATTEN STREET, WARRINGTON, Principals, the Misses PARTINGTON, (cert. Ox Higher Women's, Cam, and Ox. Locals (Senior), Trin. Coll., London. &c). The Next Term will commence (D.V.) Friday, Sept. 18th. Prospectu.es, testimonials, &c.. on application, "At Home" Sept. 16th and 17th.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M.' Professor of Music,Organist Rnd Choirmaster of St. Paul's rltrirch. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTRR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warri n eon .

IUANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL-FEE, Ir_t Ea 4s. PBR TERM. N.B —BOYS BRTHELINa OVER 14 YEARS OF AGE PAY £5 ss. PER TERM. THE NEXT TRIIM BEGINS THURSDAY. SEPT. 17TH. Entrance Examination, Wednesday,Sentember 16tb,at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, FORS of APPLICATION. Ac., may be had at the school. The hoarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday. September 21st. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

--JV'ST.RRINUTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL,—The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER lOrir. THE HEAD MASTER WILL BE AT HOME TO INTERVIEW PARENTS ON WEDNESDAY, September 9th. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY. Bcc. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS FROM 8 To 12 YEARS OF AGE. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS, 7 ST. ANN'S SQUARiI. MANCHE3THR. HALL- NIARKED SILVER GOODS. Established 1830.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR• SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTICN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILL MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices le. lid. and 2e. 9d.

QUART 2/6 PEE (IBolirrPL: INCLUDED.) SCOTCH. AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, A.ND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULEON BRos, Wltionaturni. 20, R 6NBEI W STRE !it LIVKEIPOOL, (2 Ilin.nes Umtltril and. Line 'ir.:•01; '30.1'10.16.)

1 Xing . . 9/6 2 League . 8/8 3 Centre Half 7/6 / 4Klynker . 8/5 g 5 Shuteezi . 5/.

ati- *lhr^",lNAlf 4/144111PAL1.44040 It( , FRANK G-,.,, , : ', - . -." ft: I,OGUE-':' ....ul-4 D .s',: ~..f'7,-.,,,, or.. -. ..., , C FREE ' . Llvc,:pooL , .

fqtl °I ; %T Color,l 1111it-2 rF Pattern, or Size. Flannelette, 2/3, 25/. doz. ; Matting Cloth, 2/9,30/- doz. ; Untearable. 3/6, 40/- dozen.

0H ~ , .., , . ....., ~,,.. ,$9 A 1 ' • 1 • • Ho .-:1; 1 ' . 11l '-7 ;'W • . 40i ''''s TM EN .0 CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE ::.-',KtN. Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), Londop- .

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. AFTER TWO PILLS SHE FELT EASISR 26, Rutland-street, Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th, 1902. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pills, and gave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her tie from' bed when I ame home in the evening. In'Ntwo or three days she was ite well again. Yours truly, A. FORD, EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in ri as matter, and are,highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. ltd. and 2s. 94., or sent post free for stamps 3r P.O. by the proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT Best Price Givens—BRADLEY, Castle, Wisbech.

= - sin • 'll.lic• 70 BE HAD OF ALL CHEAOSTS.IN BOXES 145.2/9, 0R46;0R SEXTANT WHERE ON RECEIPT OF 53f0R55 - STAMPS BY E.TTOWIE& C 66.1011 C RON: NOTT/NCNAM

PILES CURED! A SAFE AND CERTAIN REMEDY. Cures either internally or externally. Money willingly returned If this eovereign remedy falls to give instant relief. We have thousands of unsolicited testimonials testifying as to its efficacy. Sent post paid under cover--internal Cure. la. External, Is. With full directions. MARKS, Rochdale Rd., Walsden, Todmorden.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PaIVAT.S DENTISTRY Annointmenrs uanrnrsecnegselry,.:bnt TEETH. All consultations free. Bach patient inforrneci beforehand tn. 00'4' T E work required, TEETH. Gold ard other fillings at moJerate charzea. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. EETH. P-inless Extrotion hitherto tile TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.0,70 ns !,alto k. weekly. Itx,rri. of the late J. 1-1 PARKISSOIN (DENTIST BY 14x.i31.)1 f IR.ATADDISON NTTEND3 ST. HELENS ... GZORGE-STR, v MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.r.n. WARRINGTON ..... SANKEY-11-t&Lo WEDNESDAY, '2 to .3. AmORN, 31. BRIDGE-STRgST 'IETRSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH wICH APPLEMARKET-STR /5611 RIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.
